============================================================================
Title Pages

Crop Circles: Signs of Contact

by Colin Andrews
with Stephen Spignesi
New Page Books
A Division of The Career Press, Inc.
Franklin Lakes, N.J.


CROP CIRCLES
EDITED AND TYPESET BY JOHN J. O’SULLIVAN
COVER DESIGN BY LU ROSSMAN/DIGI DOG DESIGN
PRINTED IN THE U.S.A. BY BOOK-MART PRESS
The article published in Chapter 12, “The Diatonic Ratios in Crop Circles,”
is ©1996 Gerald Hawkins, which is used with permission.
To order this title, please call toll-free 1-800-CAREER-1 (NJ and Canada:
201-848-0310) to order using VISA or MasterCard, or for further information
on books from Career Press.
The Career Press, Inc., 3 Tice Road, PO Box 687,
Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417
www.careerpress.com
www.newpagebooks.com
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Andrews, Colin.
Crop circles : signs of contact / by Colin Andrews with Stephen J. Spignesi.
p. cm.
Includes index.
ISBN 1-56414-674-X
1. Crop circles-Miscellanea. 2. Curiosities and wonders-Miscellanea.
3. Science-Miscellanea. I. Spignesi, Stephen J. II. Title.
AG243.A54 2003
001.94-dc21 2002045245

Dedications
To Synthia, my wife,
who has been a tremendous pillar of support,
and a friend I love and respect so much.
-COLIN ANDREWS
To my brother, David Spignesi,
a stalwart paladin of self-awareness and self-improvement.
-STEPHEN SPIGNESI

This page intentionally left blank
Acknowledgments
Colin Andrews
In the past 20 years, many people have contributed to my research in various
important ways, and I thank them all from the bottom of my heart. To name but a few:
Gordon and Elsie Andrews (Mom and Dad), David Andrews, Peter and Jean
Andrews, Helen and Hayley Andrews, the late Richard Andrews, Mary and Jean Noel
Aubrun, John Barrell, Mandy and Peter Butcher, Terry Butcher, Ian Chistopher, Iris
Demauro, Pat Delgado, David Duhig, Marie Galbraith, Yeva Gladwin, Dave Haith,
Gerald Hawkins, Simeon Hein, Victoria Jack, Pam Jones, the late Count Carli Kanitz,
Countess Irene Kanitz, Shelly Keel, Toby King, Franz and Mona Lutz, Chris McMillan,
Sue Paruch, Reg Presley, Suzie Ramsby, Quinn Ramsby, Laurence Rockefeller, Jane
Ross, Ron Russell, Valerie and Evan Scurlock, Freddy Silva, Peter Sorensen, Steve
Spignesi, Busty Taylor, Ruben Uriarte, Valenya, Chuck Walker, John White, Matthew Williams, and the tolerant farmers.
Stephen Spignesi
As usual, I received more help and support with this book than I could have ever
hoped or prayed for. The gratitude I feel for all of my caring angels knows no bounds.
 Pam Spignesi, Lee Mandato, Dolores Fantarella, John White, Barbara White, Colin
Andrews, Synthia Andrews, Jim Cole, Bill Savo, Gayze DiRienzo, Mike Lewis, Ron
Fry, Stacey Farkas, John J. O’Sullivan, Anne Brooks, Georgio Simeon, Production Transcripts Inc., Mick Garris, Jay Holben, Steve and Marge Rapuano, Busty Taylor, Laura
Lattrell, Carter Spignesi, Kim McDonald, Paul Vigay, Lucy Pringle, William Gazecki,
Kevin Quigley, Publishers Marketplace, Stan Wiater, Jodi Branson, Dr. Michael Luchini,
the University of New Haven, Dean James Gustav Speth and the Yale University School
of Forestry and the Environment, Utrecht Inc., Manischewitz and Streit Matzos.

This page intentionally left blank
The nature of God is a circle
of which the centre is everywhere
and the circumference is nowhere.
-Empedocles, c. 500 B.C.

This page intentionally left blank


Contents

Introduction: The Telling, by Stephen Spignesi ................................................13 
My Mission Statement, by Colin Andrews.........................................................15 
My Friend Colin, by Reg Presley ...............................................................19 
Circular Evidence, the Story Behind the 'Crop Circle Bible' ...................................21 
Part I: A Holy Curiosity.......................................................................23 
Madison Square Garden: The Beginning ..........................................................25 
Chapter 1: The Path ...........................................................................27 
Chapter 2: What Are Crop Circles? .............................................................37 
Chapter 3: The Undeniable Evidence: Facts in Search of a Theory ...............................51 
Part II: The Making of a Crop Circle...........................................................57 
Madison Square Garden: Geography ..............................................................59 
Chapter 4: The Theories .......................................................................61 
Chapter 5: Location, Location, Location: A Crop Circle Gazetteer...............................75 
Part III: Stonehenge...........................................................................83 
Madison Square Garden: Insecurity .............................................................85 
Chapter 6: The Stonehenge Julia Set: Out of Nowhere?...........................................87
Chapter 7: Stonehenge: A Coincidental Discovery ...............................................91 
Chapter 8: An Interview With Busty Taylor......................................................95 
Part IV: Weird Science ........................................................................99 
Madison Square Garden: Spiraling Views .......................................................101
Chapter 9: Sounds From the Fields: Insects, Birds, or the Circles Themselves?.................103
Chapter 10: Operation White Crow .............................................................107
Chapter 11: Hayley's Connection: Crop Circles and Remote Viewing .............................111
Chapter 12: The Diatonic Ratios in Crop Circles, by Gerald Hawkins, Ph.D., D.Sc. .............115 
Part V: Crop Circle Counterfeiting: Liars in the Fields ......................................119 
Madison Square Garden: A Message From the Environment? .......................................121
Chapter 13: Crop Circle Hoaxes and the Circus in the Fields ..................................123
Chapter 14: Operation Blackbird ..............................................................131
Chapter 15: The Oliver's Castle Video ........................................................139
Chapter 16: Crop Circle Empowerment: The Cost of Deception, by Synthia Andrews ...............145
Chapter 17: The '80/20' Statement: The Politics of Truth .....................................153
Chapter 18: Half and Half: Where I Stand Today ...............................................159 
Part VI: At the Movies .......................................................................167
Chapter 19: Crop Circle Movies and Documentaries .............................................169 
Closing Words: Carrying Out Instructions .....................................................173
Appendices
Appendix A: A Crop Circle F.A.Q. .............................................................175 
Appendix B: A Crop Circle A to Z .............................................................183 
Appendix C: A Crop Circle Who's Who...........................................................193 
Appendix D: Crop Circle Websites .............................................................203 
Appendix E: The Andrews Catalog ..............................................................205 Index.........................................................................................233 
About the Authors.............................................................................239



===================================================
Introduction: The Telling, by Stephen Spignesi

Credible people telling of incredible
things.
This is the center, the goal, even
the “mission statement” of this book.
And Colin Andrews is in a unique place
as the premier authority on the crop
circle phenomenon.
When one reads Colin’s findings, it is
self-evident that he is such an expert. But
this is not all: He is also an intelligent, kind,
spiritual gentleman with whom it has been
a pleasure to work. Sometimes, a book can
act as a catalyst for change. I think Colin
would agree with me that if Crop Circles:
Signs of Contact inspires even one reader
to be more environmentally conscious, then
we will have done our job. There is probably no greater mission for us all.
It has been an honor to work with Colin
Andrews on this book, this “report to the
world” that has been two decades in the
making. Crop circles have meaning, and
that, in as succinct a way as this sometimes
prolix writer can state, is the essence of this
book’s mission statement.
There are real crop formations all over
the world, and science does not know how
or why they are formed. There is hard scientific evidence that some circles are undeniably not manmade. Changes in the
plants that cannot be duplicated in hoaxed
circles; odd sounds that have been recorded in authentic crop circles; and, perhaps most astounding, the sudden
appearance of enormous formations in
mere minutes-creations that would take
many men many hours to produce appear
in minutes. Skeptics have their work cut
out for them-I ask them to read the chapter in this book about the 900-foot Julia
Set near Stonehenge that appeared in a
span of 45 minutes before leaping to
manmade conclusions.
This book is Colin Andrews’s story,
and I am grateful to have been sitting
around the particular campfire where and
when he decided to tell it.
My Circle
There are several stories in this book
of people who have “requested” a crop formation, and one has subsequently appeared
for them.
The words “wished for,” “prayed for,”
and “asked for” are used to describe these
petitions to the “circlemakers.”

In early November 2002, I, too, joined
the ranks of those who have had such an
experience and, at Colin’s request, I relate
the story here.
During the weekend of November 2,
2002, I tried a crop circle experiment. I had
been working closely for weeks with Colin
Andrews on this book, and he had told me
many intriguing stories about crop circle
manifestations appearing “upon request.”
I decided to give it a try.
Outside my office window is the
“backyard” of our condominium development. It is all pristine green grass and, during that autumn weekend, I asked for a
pattern to appear in the grass, but I also
requested that it be in a precise spot: the
spot where my eye fell when I turn my
head to the right and look out my window.
A few days went by, but I saw nothing
in the grass. I began to wonder if I had not
worded my request properly, or if I was
simply not attuned to the circlemakers in
the manner in which the others whose wish
had been granted had been.
But then, on Wednesday morning,
November 6, 2002, I saw something. Tuesday had been a stormy day in Connecticut,
with a great deal of rain and wind. On
Wednesday morning, I looked out my window, and there I saw a design in the grass-
and it was in the exact spot where I had
asked that it appear. I saw a perfect circle
of grass in the middle, surrounded by a
wide ring of soil, with a spur of soil extending out of the northwest corner of the
circle. I grabbed my copy of the Andrews
Catalogue and began flipping through the
pages, quickly stopping on page five. There
it was: T107. The exact grass design, turned
clockwise, and with two small satellites that
I did not see in my grass.
The grass was pressed down from the
rain and wind, creating a perfect T107. I estimated it as approximately 3 to 4 feet long,
and 2 to 3 feet wide. I later realized that not
only was this pattern one of the recorded
designs, it was also very similar to an ice circle
that had appeared in Churchill, Maryland, in
February 2001-and which I had been writing about around the time I made my request.
I did not take a picture of the design, and
the following morning, it was gone. The grass
dried in the sun and wind and filled back in,
and the soil ring was covered. I could still
glimpse a shadow of the center grass circle,
but overall, it was now nothing but a normal
expanse of suburban grass.
I know what I saw, and I know that the
design was most assuredly not there when
I initially requested it.
What has this experience taught me?
It has confirmed for me that Colin
Andrews is truly on to something with his
belief that human thought plays a role in
the crop circle phenomenon. What I found
most intriguing about this experience is that
the design appeared in the only possible
way I would be able to see it: by flattening
ordinary backyard grass. Grass is not a cereal crop, and yet nature spoke up (stepped
in?) with her rain and wind, and then there
was a perfect circle of grass surrounded by
a ring.
In the introduction to my book The
Weird 100, I wrote that I remain open to all
the wonders of reality, consciousness, and
the unknown because I do not believe that
I know everything. I experienced a UFO
sighting one time in my life. And now I have
experienced a crop circle.
There are wonders to be discovered.
They may make themselves known to us
in the sky, or in the fields, and I truly believe that the 90 percent of our brains that
we do not currently use must have been
given to us for a reason. Perhaps it is what
we will use to understand all that we do
not now know.
-SJS
December 30, 2002

================================================================
Introduction: My Mission Statement, by Colin Andrews

With Crop Circles: Signs of Contact, I hope to inform the general public about the crop circle
phenomenon in an accurate and truthful
fashion.
I also hope to remove the “weird”
stigma attached to crop circles.
We have deliberately tried to write a
book for the mainstream reader, the world
citizen who knows about crop circles, may
have seen the movie Signs, is curious about
what is actually going on, but is not interested in complicated discourses on plant biology, mythology, mathematical theory, or
paleoclimatology.
People do want to know what is going
on in their world, on their planet, and are
interested in what the crop circle enigma
means for their future. People know the
earth’s environment is in trouble. Parents
today know that their grandchildren, and
possibly even their children, may enter
adulthood worrying about water shortages
and breathing problems caused by pollution. Our problems are not of the future;
they are here now. It is our belief that crop
manifestations may somehow be tied into
this.
I have researched this mystery longer
than anyone else, and in this book, I share
my data, views, and findings with my readers. I also hope to stimulate discussion, and
foster an atmosphere of open-minded inquiry and curiosity.
The publication of this book is my
opportunity to communicate to my readers the importance of the crop circle phenomenon, and to provide the evidence
of its significance in an open and honest
forum.
About the Photo on the Cover
Mystery creates wonder and
wonder is the basis of man’s desire to
understand.
-Astronaut Neil Armstrong

The photo on the cover of this book-
a proven authentic crop formation-represents our Solar System, minus the planet
Earth, as it will be aligned on September
1, 2033, and on May 6, 2101.
The design depicts the Sun, the planet
Mercury, the planet Venus, Earth’s orbit
minus the Earth, the planet Mars, Jupiter’s
orbit without Jupiter used as the outer ring
of the solar system element of the formation, an expanse of empty space, and then
an asteroid belt.
This crop formation was discovered on
the morning of June 22, 1995, by a farmer
on his land at Longwood Warren, near Winchester, Hampshire, England.
It was determined to be a “genuine”
formation (that is, not manmade) by the renowned biophysicist William Levengood,
who found distinct and measurable cellular
changes in plants taken from the formation.
Other evidence pointing to its authenticity included no damage to the plants or
soil compression; no tracks to vital construction points; and very complex braiding of
plants in the outer ring where numerous
circles were positioned, and which was determined to be extremely difficult, if not
impossible for humans to achieve without
leaving evidence of their presence.
Also, two eminent scientists, Gerald
Hawkins and Robert Hadley, both confirmed that the scaling and placement of the
“planets” within the crop formation were
extraordinarily accurate and that it was a
very precise replica of our solar system.
Also, I personally had extensive discussions with members of the only organized
group of counterfeit circlemakers working
at that time (to my knowledge) and none of
them claimed responsibility for the formation, nor knowledge of who else could have
made it.
Frozen in time is our solar system, with
the Earth missing from its orbit.
This formation has a history, and a profound meaning.
The first thing this crop pattern does is
call attention to Earth’s empty orbit. When
we also consider that this celestial configuration is what the solar system will look like
in approximately 30 years, and again in 100
years, the question arises: Are we being sent
a message? Is the universe telling us of our
possible fate? Are we being warned that if
we continue on the reckless, damaging path
we are on, then the future of mankind is at
risk?
When Marcus Thompson, the writer
and director of the crop circle–themed
movie A Place to Stay, came to me to
discuss his project, I suggested that he
should include this solar system design in
the film. I felt that the formation, and its
possible message was important enough
to replicate precisely, and include within
the storyline of the movie. Marcus was
including a powerful environmental message in the film, and I felt that this design
would contribute to his mission. He agreed,
and I supplied aerial photographs (including the one on the cover of this book) to
his production team to assist them in their
construction work. I asked Matthew Williams and his team to create the solar system formation in the fields.
The formation was ultimately made
(and is seen in the movie), and all agreed
that it was a very close duplicate of the original. But that’s where the similarities ended.
The created formation had extreme plant
damage, widespread soil compression, major errors in the geometry of the design, and
it took so long to make that many of the
public were able to see the half-finished
pattern in broad daylight. Even though we
provided the measurements, ratios, and scaling data to the construction team, they were
still unable to complete it in one night and,
when it was finished, it was so obviously
manmade, that it reminded us even more so
of the truly amazing nature of the spontaneous, authentic formation.
All our research convinced us that the
original formation was authentic. Its possible message struck a chord with all of us,
and thus, my recommendation that it appear in the movie, and my decision to highlight it on the cover of Crop Circles: Signs
of Contact.

The Madison
Square Garden Speech
Scattered throughout the book are a
handful of excerpts-greatly abridged and
heavily edited for clarity and space-from
a two-hour speech I gave at Madison
Square Garden in the fall of 1996. Some of
the subjects discussed in this speech are
covered in greater depth elsewhere in this
book. Please look to the Contents or the
Index for further information on any of the
topics in this speech about which you
would like to know more. The complete
speech I gave is available on videotape, and
includes the slides and graphics I showed
at the presentation.


========================================
My Friend Colin, by Reg Presley

Reg Presley is the lead singer and
songwriter for the legendary band
The Troggs. He sang the song
“Wild Thing,” and wrote the classic
“Love Is All Around” and countless others, and his first book, Wild Things They
Don’t Tell Us, was recently published.
Reg and I were neighbors in England for
many years and I count him as one of
my cherished friends. I am grateful and
honored that he agreed to write something for this book.
•••
After 12 years investigating crop formations, it seems to me that we still have
a long way to go before we can truly
button down the answer to the question:
Who are the circle makers?
If we put aside manmade formations
for the moment, and concentrate on what
some investigators claim are the real
phenomenon, there are still too many
theories one can choose from, and each,
in their own way, is believable. It really does depend on your own point of
view and how your understanding sits
with what you have experienced along
the way.
Too many profess to know the answer, and if their view is challenged, then
they will usually throw a fit and ostracize anyone who doesn’t quite see it
their way. That, I’m sure, is not the way
to the truth.
I see my friend Colin as a mentor to
all would-be-followers of this circle
mystery. He has thrown his life into it,
trying to get at the truth. Although others have come and gone in a flurry of
publicity, he has stuck it out, determined
to get to the end of what has become a
very long road. I take my hat off to him
for his perseverance.
At this point in time, I have an overwhelming feeling that a higher intelligence is not only helping mankind, but
is trying to save us from ourselves.
Perhaps it is Mother Earth herself?
Or our new neighbors that as yet we
haven’t met?
We may see the outcome; we may
not.
Whatever or whomever that higher
intelligence ultimately belongs to may
not have unlimited patience, especially
if they were around when the dinosaurs
inhabited our planet.
Introduction

History dictates that we very rarely
listen when new ideas are first put forward. When some said the world was a
sphere, we took no notice and still believed it was flat. When someone put
forward the theory that the Earth went
round the Sun and not the other way
round, we did not believe it. If we had
at least listened to minority thinking, it
could have sped up all our learning processes over the last 2,000 years or more.
Instead we usually ignore them.
When minorities are ignored, the fanatics rear their ugly heads and all hell
breaks loose. We humans should learn
to listen and listen to learn. The way the
majority think and live is always evolving but only with the help of new ideas-
we are living in the status quo while
those new ideas are being born by the
minority.
Colin is willing to share all his findings with anyone who is willing to listen, and you don’t even have to get out
of your armchair.
This book is a must for any thinking
person.
Reg Presley, singer/songwriter with The Troggs,
and now, also an author and paranormal
researcher. Reg’s book, Wild Things They Don’t
Tell Us, was published in 2002.

========================================================================
Circular Evidence, The Story Behind the 'Crop Circle Bible'

When Pat Delgado and I co-wrote
Circular Evidence, the first
book ever to look at the crop
circle phenomenon, we never imagined
that such a small pebble dropped into such
a big pond could create such enormous,
ever-expanding rings of influence. The
book ultimately sold over a half million
copies, and was translated into several languages, including Spanish, Italian, Japanese, and German.
The book was originally Pat’s idea. At
the time, he had been studying crop circles
for eight years, and I had been at it for
six.
One day, as we were going over the
voluminous data and great number of
aerial photographs we had amassed over
the years, he suggested we should write a
book about our findings. We then talked
at length about the effect such a book might
have on our privileged access to the
circles. Many of the farmers had long been
supportive and helpful in our research, and
we were often allowed access to fields to
investigate virgin formations before anyone else was even aware something had
occurred. We knew that this situation
might change if we went public about the
subject. We also wondered about the
possibility of damage to crop formations
and to farmers’ lands if people began traipsing through the fields looking for crop
circles after reading our book.
We ultimately decided that it was more
important for the public to know about the
phenomenon, and so we decided to move
forward with the book.
Most of the photographs in the book
were taken by Pat and I, with a half dozen
images contributed by Busty Taylor. I did
most of the writing, and the book was published within six months of Pat’s initial
idea. We both had a great deal to say about
the phenomenon and the information and
photos in the book were new and exciting
to readers who were just becoming aware
of the crop circle mystery.
The book ultimately became an international best-seller, and we followed it in
1990 with a sequel, Crop Circles: The Latest Evidence, which likewise became a
worldwide best-seller.
The book generated an enormous media response and it wasn’t long before Pat
and I were in all the newspapers, on TV
and radio, and the book was being talked
about in as varied settings as the street corners and the pubs, and all the way up to
Buckingham Palace.
Introduction

The royalties from Circular Evidence allowed me to
resign my government job and
devote myself to researching
crop circles full-time.
The book caused two
things to happen: Hoaxed
crop circles began to proliferate like wildfire, and scientists and researchers began
to take the subject seriously.
The book touched the imagination of people all around
the world and it soon became
known as the “Crop Circle
Bible.” Interestingly, in these
early days of the phenomenon, the book was taken
quite seriously by both the
scientific community and by the media.
Today, after decades of counterfeits, and
bizarre theories, crop circles have a
stigma attached to them and are often
Colin Andrews and his co-author for Circular Evidence,
Pat Delgado.
lumped into the same category as UFOs
and Bigfoot sightings. This is a pity, and
hoaxing had a great deal to do with this
change in perception.


================================================
Part I. A Holy Curiosity

Madison Square Garden: The Beginning

My name is Colin Andrews, and I
have been in a unique position
since 1983, a position, my
friends, that I did not ask for.
I was an electrical engineer and a local government officer in England and,
one day, as I was simply driving between
my offices, a chance glance out of my car
window pulled me into this phenomena.
This is a unique situation. I have seen
the growth of a mystery which was, at that
time, new to the world. I’ve seen the
“people problems” grow with it; and I’ve
witnessed the media response in all its
manic intensity.
I have also seen how intelligence
agencies on either side of the water have
infiltrated the research organizations and
I have seen firsthand how they pull you
aboard, offer you money to write books
on the subject, and all of it is simply to
write you off and remove you from the
scene.
This has been one hell of an opportunity, and I have learned by it.
As I said, I am an electrical engineer
by profession. I went into government during the reorganization of local municipalities
in Great Britain back in 1974, and I rose
through a number of posts fairly quickly. I
was fortunate to be given a promotion about
every six months or so.
My position looked pretty good.
Things were looking rosy and then I saw
five circles in a field. As soon as I saw my
first crop circles, something threw a switch.
I was not aware at the time that I
walked into that field that, within hours, I
was to become one of only three people in
the world researching these phenomena.
Within days of that July afternoon in
1983, I joined forces with Dr. Terence
Meaden, who was, and still is, the head of
the Tornado and Storm Research Organization in Great Britain. I also teamed up
with Pat Delgado ,who had just retired
from his job at NASA tracking the Mariner Project at the Woomera Tracking
Ranges in Australia and Busty Taylor, a
driving instructor and light aircraft pilot who
lived in my home town.
I became known in the area very
quickly by tapping on lots of doors:
farmer’s doors, military doors, police
doors-just about everybody I could get
to-asking them what they knew about

these things, how
long had they been
there, and anything
else they could tell
me.
The first thing
the farmers told me
was that these five
circles were not
the only ones they
had ever had.
Almost every
farmer whose
door I knocked on
in that area of
southern England
told me that their
forefathers had
had these things on
their land, and they had all heard them spoken of when they were children. This was
concrete evidence that crop circles had
been around for at least 30 years.
I was then formally approached by a
military person who asked me to supply
technical and scientific reports-the first
reports about the crop circles-to the secretary of state for the Margaret Thatcher
government. The reports were for a senior
man in the cabinet, one of the top five people
in Great Britain.
The outcome of my three reports was
that, in the mid-1980s, an announcement
was made in the British House of Commons that they accepted that there was a
real phenomenon. Their official position
was that crop circles were an unusual phenomenon, but it was not any type of paranormal mystery.
A common theory was that they were
being caused by a new kind of whirlwind, a
new meteorological phenomena, one commonly referred to now as a plasma vortex-
a rotating field of electrified air, which during
the night, would account for the golden balls
of light people claimed to have seen above
the fields in which crop circles appear.
I spoke to many of the leading meteorologists with whom we were working in
Europe, and most of them found it hard to
imagine that that kind of phenomena could
cause even a single crop circle because of
the well-defined cut-off edges, and the lack
of damage in crop circles. There was no
evidence that that kind of plasma vortex could
cause an effect of that kind.
Remember that Pat and I and our colleagues were all investigating crop circles
before hoaxing became a part of the scene.
In 1989, Pat and I decided to write a
book, Circular Evidence. Frankly, the decision to write the book took an awful lot
of debate and we had many discussions as
to whether or not we should, indeed, do
this, because we would be “showing our
cards,” so to speak, and putting the phenomenon of crop circles right into the public domain.
But at the same time, we thought it was
very important that this should be shared
with the public and so we published our
book. The result was an extraordinary level
of hoaxing.
This crop design which resembles a snail first appeared at Cheesefoot
Head, Hampshire, England in 1991. (This was found in the same field
that I saw my first Celtic Cross formation in 1983.)


=====================================================================
Chapter 1. The Path

An opening thought: Would mankind have a collective nervous
breakdown if it was revealed that
UFOs were real and that crop circles were
messages from extraterrestrials? The odds
of that being true are unlikely, but even if
it were the case, I give humanity more
credit: I do not think that we as a species
would automatically reject a new neighbor
who has sent us a greeting, do you? This is
something we should keep in mind as we
explore the crop circle mystery.
1.1 In the Beginning
“This is the beginning of something
important.”
The year was 1993, and I spoke those
words at the Omega Communications UFO
Experience conference in North Haven,
Connecticut during my presentation on crop
circles. During that talk, I described the crop
circle formations that had been appearing
around the world as “signs.” The Mel Gibson
movie was a decade away and yet I sensed
something was happening, something of a
global, and possibly cosmic scale, something
I interpreted even then as a sign. Without
fully understanding the scope of my journey, I had taken the first steps down a long,
and tumultuous path.
1.2 Life Changes
After seeing my first crop circle in July of
1983, my life changed in every imaginable way.
At that time, I was an electrical engineer employed by regional government in
Great Britain. My work was based upon
traditional science, and I had devoted my
career to investigating, studying, and chronicling things you can see, count, measure,
weigh, and record. I solved problems in a
structured, logical manner.
And then, in July of 1983, I saw
something very unusual, and instantly
compelling; something that seemed to
exist outside the boundaries of the mechanical sciences in which I had been
working my entire professional life. I was
intrigued, and my curiosity-both personal
and scientific-was immediately piqued.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for
existing. One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of
eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality. It is enough if one tries merely to
comprehend a little of this mystery every day. Never lose a holy curiosity.
-Albert Einstein

Over the years, I have applied as much
hard scientific research practices and protocols to the study of crop circles as possible. I have turned to the disciplines of
engineering, chemistry, radiography, physics, and geometry in an attempt to understand this phenomenon. I have come to
realize that when trying to understand
something that may be of paranormal genesis, there is as much-if not more-to be
learned by the intuitive instincts and abilities that we possess, and that many of us
ignore and often fail to utilize.
I have had some unusual experiences.
Many I would classify as paranormal. I
don’t know how else to explain them. However, throughout my years of study of crop
circles, I have always tried to maintain an
open-minded approach, and to listen and
respond to the intuitive part of my psyche.
 Over time, I have become more intuitive. Some might say I’ve become more
psychic and there have certainly been experiences that suggest that I am a different person in many ways.
My life has changed in more practical
ways as well. I was doing a regular dayto-day job, which I eventually left as a result of what I saw in the fields in July 1983.
I resigned my position to participate fulltime in researching crop circles and trying
to unravel this mystery.
 That admittedly somewhat drastic
change in my lifestyle was not well received by members of my family. In fact,
my marriage broke down because of my
new interest and focus, and because of the
time and energy I was putting into studying the crop circle phenomenon. My whole
world changed literally almost overnight.
I had a new group of friends; I was traveling constantly and my financial situation
went from secure to drastically insecure,
again, almost overnight. My first wife and
I ultimately divorced and, in addition to
this personal trauma, I came to realize that
many of my friends and professional colleagues were embarrassed by me and my
work. I was very visible on television in
Great Britain in the 1980s, and the unusual
nature of my research mortified my former
co-workers, many of whom made it quite
clear to me that they wanted nothing further to do with me, as long as I was committed to pursuing this odd line of inquiry.
 And so, every aspect of my life
changed following my first glimpse of the
enigma in the fields.
Eventually, all of these elements conspired to have a much larger effect than
simply turning one man’s life upside down,
My work, and the continued appearance
of authentic crop circle formations,
changed Great Britain itself. I realized that
the subject of crop circles was a fuse that I
had lit, and I needed to make some decisions about how to continue my work.
I came to the United States in 1991 to
speak about crop circles at a UFO Conference and it was there that I met my wife
Synthia. We ultimately married, and we
mutually decided that we would live in
Branford, Connecticut. I relocated permanently to the United States and I now maintain the home office of Circles Phenomenon
Research International out of Branford.
I am still pursuing this mystery, but now
under a very different set of circumstances.
1.3 Mistakes and Regrets
Very early on in my research, one of
the biggest mistakes I made was mentioning publicly the possibility of crop circles
being formed by extraterrestrial intelligences. In the early days of my investigation, I began to feel that there could well
be some external factor creating the formations, and that perhaps it could be some
form of intelligence. I was not stating with
certainty that this possible intelligence was
extraterrestrial: It could just have easily
been terrestrial in nature. But the media in

Great Britain (and later around the world),
interpreted my speculations cynically,
exploitatively, and in a very sensationalistic
manner.
They painted a picture of me as an
eccentric proclaiming that crop circles
were being created by little green men,
and I was, as might be expected, ridiculed and attacked. This caused me tremendous anguish and embarrassment.
Looking back with absolutely flawless
hindsight (as hindsight is always wont to
be), I think I would have handled that
quite differently. My thinking now is that
the media, and by extension, the public,
were not adequately prepared for what I
was suggesting. The world needed to be
educated about the mysteries of
cereology, and that knowledge base had
not been disseminated widely enough for
my more “unusual” theories to be accepted, or at least considered, with reason and open-mindedness.
I should have been somewhat more
circumspect when presenting the odder
theories. We would have come to these
theories eventually: They are all part of the
equation. But I now know that I offered
cutting-edge ideas too soon. I was looking
at something new, and was engaged and
motivated, and my entire being was focused on uncovering the truth and on understanding what was happening. I was
naive in my assumption that others would
be as enthusiastic as I was about the more
radical ideas relative to the crop circles
phenomenon.
I became a target. And today, it is worse,
because of the widespread crop circle counterfeiting problem. (And as I state repeatedly throughout this book, hoaxers could not
create counterfeit crop circles if they did not
have real ones to copy.)
I have modified and refined my position on the possible genesis of crop circles,
and yet the resistance by certain factions
remains. It is an understandable paradigm:
Crop circles and their de facto “oddness,”
combined with a team of “artists” laying
claim to actually being the ones responsible for them, combine to make the serious researchers of the phenomenon objects
of ridicule, who are too often dismissed
without being taken seriously.
I’ve tended to be something of a “oneman band” when it comes to making statements about crop circles and as to how the
“movement” to study the formations has
developed and acted over the years. I deliberately, and with great forethought, have
worn and continue to wear, this mantle of
responsibility. This is because I am the
one putting myself out there in a very visible position, and I expect to be the one
torn to shreds by critics and skeptics. I
have worked with a great many people
over the years-good, sober-minded,
smart people who have contributed
greatly to the study of crop circles. These
people have helped me at my request:
they should not have to deal with being
lambasted for my conclusions.
If I could do anything differently, I
would involve more people in the decisionmaking process regarding the furthering of
the discipline and the directions of the
study. I would invite input as to the specific avenues of research we should embark upon, and I would consult on what
should be stated publicly.
1.4 Sharing the Mystery
It is better to understand little than to
misunderstand a lot.
-Anatole France
My instincts and my intuition tell me
that an important purpose of the crop circle
message is to call attention to what we are
doing to our world. We need to wake up and
recognize what we have been doing-for far
too long-to the earth. Our environment-
the plants, the animals, the waters, the sky-
all are integral parts of the earth’s ecosystem, and we are mistreating every element
of this complex and fragile biological totality. The element of respect is missing from
our behavior: We do not act out of respect
for the other living entities on this planet.
We are not alone. And yet, we act as if the
earth and everything on it exists solely to
serve man.
The crop circle phenomenon may be,
in essence, a wake-up call. Or it could be a
cry for help. The day must come when we
understand this, and act for positive change.
I do not think it is a coincidence that
crop patterns have been appearing regularly
at places that for millennia have been centers of spiritual focus-places where
people have gathered for hundreds and
thousands of years for prayer, meditation,
worship, and to seek enlightenment. The
human quest for peace and higher consciousness has often been expressed in
outdoor places such as Stonehenge, and in
cathedrals and temples. Crop circles often
appear in or near these places, and in my
opinion, this is a critical part of the overall
meaning of the phenomenon.
These places manifest an energy that
speaks to our inner selves, and crop circles
could, in effect, be serving as living signs
identifying and calling our attention to
these sacred places.
Emotions have consequences. Positive
emotions that have love as their source,
result in positive energies. The exact opposite occurs with negative emotions.
I think that crop circles are giving us all
a spiritual nudge, and that they are part of
the process of understanding ourselves.
Humankind is inching along, with innumerable setbacks, of course, towards enlightenment, and a God-centered consciousness.
Perhaps by focusing on a common mystery, we are creating a unified energy that
will ultimately be our salvation.
I have met an extraordinary range of
individuals in crop circles. They have run
the gamut from priests to politicians and
everyone in between and the only thing
they-we-all have in common, aside
from our innate humanity, of course, is the
sharing of a mystery.
The crop circle mystery brings us all
together, and a new bond is created. The
process is painfully slow, but it is occurring.
My thinking is that this interaction and
this common interest-the sharing of the
mystery-will ultimately show us that we
have so much more in common than we
have differences. We all share a living
planet, and there is only one race-the human one.
We must keep an open mind, and
we must eliminate animosity from the
equation.
We must act with a sincerity of endeavor to seek knowledge and truth, and
to reach a higher place of consciousness
and understanding. And most importantly,
we must all have faith.
I am not speaking solely theologically
here. I personally believe that God is different for everyone, and that each religion
is essentially a different road to the same
place. I am speaking about faith that something greater than us exists, and that we
have the power and ability to strive for this
elevated state of being. We must have faith
that there is something beyond us and this
planet. Our goal should always be to reach
higher.
The answers are coming, and they will
not come solely from science.
We do need to keep scientific inquiry
at the forefront of our investigation into the
mystery, but we must also allow room for
information to come to us through different doors and open windows.
We need to continue to evaluate the
crop circle phenomena rationally, scientifically, and logically. We need to continue
to measure, and record, and test, and study.
But we also need to open our hearts and
allow our intuitive side to speak to us.
We are moving forward, albeit slowly,
but the journey will be well worth the wait.
Incredible times await us.

1.5 My Quest for the Truth
Only the curious will learn and only
the resolute overcome the obstacles to
learning. The quest quotient has always
excited me more than the intelligence
quotient.
-Eugene S. Wilson

I have long referred to my crop
circle research as a quest. The genesis
of this feeling was the very moment
back in 1983, when I saw the first set
of five circles forming a traditional
Celtic Cross in a field. I have often said
that it felt like a switch was thrown in
my stomach. There was an overwhelming emotional and spiritual effect on me,
but there was also a palpable physical
effect as well. This was quite special
and a feeling I have experienced many
times throughout my decades of research. I was quite conscious of a sense
of mystery, of awe, of something beyond
our mortal ken.
I can recall being overwhelmed upon
first seeing the formation, and I also remember how this feeling grew inside me
as I walked closer to the circles. The awe
and wonder embraced me like a white light
permeating every cell of my body.
This powerful sense of mystery triggered a resolve in me to learn as much as I
could about this phenomenon. It did, indeed, become a quest. It became a quest
for understanding and for truth.
A part of this process has been the realization and the acceptance that my work
with the crop circle phenomenon may be
part of a larger plan for me.
I say this because of something that
happened when I was around 12 years old.
This did not happen to me, however, but to
my parents and younger brother.
The time was the late 1950s. I lived
with my parents and my younger brother
in England near Salisbury Plain, not very
far from Stonehenge. On Sunday afternoons, we would often pile into my dad’s
old jet-black motorcar and go for a drive.
The fields and landscapes of that part of
central southern England are absolutely
glorious, and we all found a leisurely drive
to be quite a respite from the bustle of the
previous week.
One particular Sunday afternoon, for
some inexplicable reason, I chose not to
go with my family for our weekly drive.
I remained home while my parents and
my younger brother headed out in dad’s
motorcar.
Off they went, and from what I was
told, the drive started out as quite normal
and very pleasant.
Then something extraordinary happened and, to this day, I regret that I was
not with my family at the time.
As my dad was driving in the countryside, just northeast of Stonehenge in a very
remote area near an ancient English manor,
they came upon a narrow country lane,
which was no more than the width of one
vehicle. As my dad drove carefully down
this lane, a disk-shaped object suddenly
appeared over the top of some conifer trees
along the side of the road.
The object was swaying from side to
side in the air, and it was perfectly visible
to them all. The road was next to an open
field and there was a clear line of sight to
the stand of trees over which this object
hovered.
My father stopped the car and he and
my brother got out and walked to the side
of the road. They were less than 100 yards
from this object and both had a very clear
view of it. It was a silvery craft and, as
they watched, it began to rise up. My
mother, who had remained in the car, became very frightened at this and began
calling to my father and brother, pleading
with them to get back in the car. She later
told me that she was afraid that the craft
was going to fly right at them, and she desperately wanted to flee the scene.
As she shouted at my father and
brother-“Get back!” she cried-suddenly
a narrow beam of white light shot out of
the bottom of the craft, and then the UFO
took off. It shot away incredibly fast over
the top of the trees and my parents recalled
that it veered slightly to the right as it flew
away. It did not just vanish, or “pop out.”
It flew away at an extraordinary rate of
speed. In fact, my parents later told me that
it moved so quickly that they were unable
to follow it with their eyes. They were adamant about what they saw: a solid object
was there one minute, and then it was gone.
My father and brother hurried back to
the car and they sped off home. As soon as
they entered the house, they told me what
had happened and, even at the age of 12, I
was strangely affected by what they had
experienced. As they told me of their UFO
encounter, I felt somewhere deep inside
that I should have been there with them.
Never for a moment did I doubt their story.
Aside from the unconditional trust I had in
my parents, I also knew, even then, that
these were credible people telling of an
incredible event.
Now, fast forward to 25-years later. A
mere 15 miles from where my family had
seen the UFO, I had my first crop circle sighting. All of what had happened to my parents
and my brother came flooding back to me.
At that time, I actually reexperienced the
emotions of that day back in the 1950s-not
only those of myself, but also what my parents were feeling as well. Here I was, seeing
markings in a field, and I couldn’t help but
wonder if, somehow, that it was related to
that UFO sighting from so long ago.
This time, however, the event was not
transitory, and it was not elusive. It did not
“fly away.” This time, I was being presented with something physical, something
that could be measured, and photographed,
and tested. Something that remained in the
fields until it was plowed under, patient and
quiet, allowing me to take all the time I
needed to study it.
I knew then that I was being given an
assignment: a mission. It was, and still is,
a mission of understanding. It has become
my quest.
1.6 Answered Prayers
I have long believed that our minds
are part of the crop circle phenomenon.
Human consciousness is a force unto itself, and I believe that it is possible, perhaps even necessary, that humans as a
species work towards positive use of the
power of enlightened minds and higher
consciousness.
One of the most important events in
my life was the manifestation of a crop
formation after I consciously wished for it
to appear. Could this even be possible? That
is the question I asked myself following
this experience. And yet, the facts are the
facts.
Shortly after my introduction to the
crop circle mystery, I began to ponder
deeply, thinking about what they meant,
and asking myself why I seemed to be
drawn to them.
One night in the mid-1980s, in the early
years of my research, I asked for a crop
formation. Some may call such a request
hubris; some may call it folly. At the time, I
was (and still am, for that matter) ardently
seeking understanding and knowledge about
these unusual manifestations in the fields
and, thus, I boldly requested that a crop
circle appear for me.

I asked for a Celtic Cross formation-
four circles surrounding a center circle with
a concentric ring through the center of the
four satellite circles-and I asked that it appear as close to my home in central southern
England as possible. A Celtic Cross had, to
the best of my knowledge, never appeared
before. I visualized the cross in my mind, and
I sent out a request for one to appear in the
fields near my home.
The exact formation that I had visualized in my mind did appear in a field near
my home-the only field in the area that
had not yet been harvested. The field was
approximately four or five miles away from
where I lived, and the farmer who owned
the land called me the morning after I had
made my “request.” A few days after visiting the site, I realized that the field in which
the cross had appeared was the closest field
to my home in which it could have appeared. Because all the fields in the area
had already been harvested, the Celtic
Cross appeared in the closest field possible.
I was stunned by the response from
whatever intelligence is creating these designs. And yet, I feel that this is much too
special for me to claim as my own. However, it did appear at my behest and the odds
of it not being associated with my psychic
request are quite slim, indeed.
This experience-combined with others that have followed-convinced me
wholeheartedly that our minds are part of
the phenomenon.
And I believe that we are getting closer
to the truth as each year goes by.

1.7 An Evolving Puzzle

Facts do not cease to exist because
they are ignored.
-Aldous Huxley
More than a decade ago, I used the term
“evolving” to describe the increasing complexity of crop circle formations. I was seeing
changes in crop formations that clearly indicated an evolution in design and intricacy.
In the early days, at the start of our
research, the patterns in the fields were
quite simple: single circles of varying sizes.
But then a single circle was joined by
a smaller circle nearby; and then we saw
three in a straight line; and then five forming a cross. And then, in 1986, we saw
the first rings around circles. On May Day
1990, for the first time, we suddenly saw
two circles connected by a straight line.
It cannot be denied that these patterns have been evolving before our eyes,
and they have also been expanding in their
geographic distribution. Their reach has
now extended to almost every country
on earth, and the density of reports within
individual countries has also been on the
rise over the past several years.
The unavoidable conclusion is that
the phenomenon is evolving, and this has
convinced many people around the
world-many of whom were long-time
skeptics-that the crop circle mystery
is real, and that it has meaning.
The simple has now become complex; few has become many; random has
become commonplace. Logically, this
kind of measurable evolvement-this
gracious unfolding of spectacular
beauty-must have a purpose, and I
believe that purpose to be the transmittal of some kind of information. The phenomenon is moving towards something;
perhaps towards many things, and its
increasing complexity and its insistence
on making itself known through bolder
and more widespread formations, may
have great import for mankind and the
future of this planet.
It is my belief that the meaning of the
crop circle mystery has evolved into something that needs to be understood by man,
and that this message is important and should
not be ignored.

We began by not knowing anything beyond the fact that we were looking at flattened plants in a circle. We now know that
hundreds of plants flattened into a series of
forms creating an overall geometry-the
Julia Set (Chapter 6) comes immediately to
mind-arises from the science of fractal
mathematics. We know that all of nature is
comprised of fractals and that we can see
their geometric patterns in everything: from
the Nautilus mollusk shell, to the spiraling
arms of the galaxies. The science of fractal
mathematics describes a geometric pattern
that is repeated endlessly at ever small
scales to produce irregular shapes and surfaces that cannot be represented by classical geometry.
Fractals are paradoxes. Using nothing
but squares and straight lines, a curve can
be created. As the squares decrease in size,
a graceful spiral curve is created by connecting specific points of the smaller and
smaller boxes. This spiraling “infinite curve’
can be found in flowers and other natural
forms, and its proportions have been used in
art and architectures since man first
scratched symbols onto cold cave walls. We
do not know how or where this will end.
I have long believed that the most important “door opener”-the “Eureka moment”-will be when we are able to fully
understand not only the meanings of the
individual patterns, but also the meaning
of the designs within the context of all the
authentic worldwide formations. Placement will become a key factor in tying everything together, and where designs appear
will become as significant to the overall
meaning and understanding of the mystery
as to what particular patterns appear in any
given year.
For instance, seemingly random occurrences will become meaningful. Circle A
will appear around the time of Event B,
which will take place near ancient archaeological site C, and all of these clues will
come together and give us the answers we
are seeking.
At some point in the future, the crop
circle phenomena will have done its job
and we will all fully understand its true
purpose. That moment has not yet arrived
however, and so we must continue our
work, and continue to open our hearts and
minds to the enigma in the fields.
1.8 Spirituality and Crop Circles
The first act of awe, when man was
struck with the beauty or wonder of
Nature, was the first spiritual experience.
-Henryk Skolimowski
I have often used the term “spiritual
nudge” to describe what I consider to be one
of the fundamental purposes of crop circles.
Throughout recorded history, man has
responded to symbols in a spiritual way.
The symbol of yin and yang, the mandala,
the cross, the symbol for infinity, and other
stylized, geometric designs have long been
used as aids to meditation, prayer, study,
insight, and personal growth. Meditating
on these symbols expands consciousness
and opens the door to spiritual growth.
Religious symbols create a certain state of
mind in people, often described as feelings
of well-being, serenity, and a sense of the
mysterious. These are aspirations towards
higher consciousness, towards enlightenment. Crop circles often appear near ancient archaeological sites that were once
used for prayer and meditation. People visit
these sites and almost always come away
feeling rested and at peace. Is there a connection? There seems to be.
The crop circle mystery may very well
be part of a broader spiritual plan, conceived by authors who, so far, prefer to
remain anonymous.
Why would mankind need to be given
a spiritual nudge?
The world is a tinderbox.

On any given day, a war is raging
somewhere on our planet. There are hate
crimes, kidnappings, political torture, terrorism, pollution, poverty, starvation, genocide, assassination, embezzling, drug
addiction, domestic violence, illiteracy,
rape, murder, homelessness….
The list goes on and on and on, and it
all adds up to one undeniable fact: The
world needs a spiritual nudge; a push towards the higher aspirations of peace and
enlightenment.
An important fact to keep in mind
when attempting to fully understand the
crop circle mystery is that the phenomenon not only manifests itself in beautiful
geometries that speak to the human
yearning for harmony and brotherhood,
but also that these magnificent pictograms
are formed with an obvious respect for
the plants involved; they embody a nondestructive modus operandi that does not
kill. This “regard for life” is unquestionably subliminally communicated to those
who experience crop circles, and all report being fully aware that they were in
the presence of something mysterious
and special.
Simply seeing these formations elicits
this identical feeling of well-being. People
in aircraft flying above the fields have reported a sense of serenity when looking at
crop formations from above. There seems
to be absolutely no difference between the
effect of the crop circles on people from
the ground or from the air.
We are living in difficult times. Everyone knows this. And we are all searching
for answers. Right after September 11,
2001, attendance at churches around the
world rose dramatically for a spell. The
yearning for answers, and the longing for
peace is everywhere.
Perhaps the crop circle mystery’s purpose is to move mankind into a mindset in
which the most positive elements of human
nature will be brought to the forefront, and
acted upon with passion.
1.9 Intelligent Design?
Let us permit nature to have her way;
she understands her business better than
we do.
-Michel de Montaigne
I believe that there is an intelligence
behind the creation of crop circles. It is
apparent to me that intelligent design is
visible in the authentic formations; the
“hand of an author,” if you will.
The placement of these designs seem
purposeful to me: it is clear that they were
intended to be seen, and that their beauty
and fascinating geometric patterns were
intended to intrigue us, and to stimulate us.
This again speaks to intelligent design and
deliberate purpose.
Bolstering this view is the fact that
there is consistent, ongoing interaction between the phenomenon and the researchers; some might say the phenomenon
responds to the researchers.
There have been cases involving the
design and placement of formations that
argue against simple coincidence. For instance, there are reports in the literature in
which an identical pattern has appeared a
few days after the original pattern was
plowed under. Why? And what can this
mean? This has only happened when a formation was destroyed before researchers
had a chance to study it. Again, it is as if
the intelligence behind the mystery wants
to be sure that those who are paying attention receive all the information they are
attempting to communicate to them.
We do not know the nature of this intelligence. I have been lambasted in the past
for using the word “intelligence” somewhat
imprecisely. I was excoriated because many
people interpreted my use of the word “intelligence” to mean aliens. Extraterrestrials.

Thus, I use the word cautiously now,
and when I do, I am careful to explain that
“intelligence” can mean many things, and
that I am not specifically referring to E.T.
coming down and making crop circles.
For instance, there is an intelligence to
the human immune system. This complex
biological system continually evaluates
threats to the human body and, in a sense,
“decides” when to respond to danger and
attack the intruder. This type of automatic,
non-human “thinking” goes on in varying
degrees of complexity and sophistication
throughout the entire spectrum of life forms.
I am using this analogy vis-a-vis crop
circles to illustrate that it is possible that
the manifestations that we all can see-
the authentic patterns and designs-could
be an autonomic response from the earth,
similar to the innate, and undeniably intelligent responses of the human immune system. This does not demand a conscious
entity “wielding the controls,” so to speak.
It simply reacts as a highly functioning
biosystem, much like the human body, or
the global ecosphere.
The concept of intelligence does not
always have to include use of tools and the
development of language.
Nature is intelligent. It reasons, it
thinks, it responds. Astronaut Edgar
Mitchell, the 12th man to walk on the moon,
believes that the universe itself is an intelligent, self-correcting entity.1
Intelligence does not always require
consciousness. Sometimes, intelligent action is simply part and parcel of the matrix
of all reality.

Notes
1 Stephen Spignesi, The UFO Book of Lists.
This formation appeared close to the town of Devizes, Wiltshire, England in the year 2000.
The pattern was joined within days by other significant formations in nearby fields.

=========================================================
Chapter 2. What Are Crop Circles?

2.1 Crop Circles:
a Definition of Terms
Crop circles are circular shapes usually found in cereal crops in which the vegetation is bent over at right angles and
spiraled into an often complex pattern. Authentic crop circles show no damage to
the plants, unlike hoaxed circles in which
the stalks are broken and crushed. In authentic crop circles, the plants are gently
bent over, yet continue to grow. The plants
in faked circles are often killed by the
“circlemakers.”
Initially, in the early years of the 20th
century manifestations of this phenomenon, the shapes were nothing more than
simple circles. In later years, the patterns
actually became much more complex, and
have consisted of combinations of complex geometric designs, including straight
lines, spirals, angles, and other clearly discernible and recognizable patterns.
2.2 Numbers
There have been 3,000 fully documented crop circles that have occurred in
the last two decades. In my master database of crop circle formations, there are
over 10,000 documented formations. There
were over 700 crop circles during 1991.
This was the highest number of occurrences during the last 20 years, but on average, approximately 200 crop designs
appear worldwide each year.
2.3 Obvious Intelligence
It is clear to me that the evidence is
growing exponentially that whatever or
whomever is involved in the creation of
the genuine crop circles around the world
has a collective “mind.” There seems to
be a consciousness at the very source of
the formations, and it is obvious that there
is thought involved. Where or what that
source is at this moment in our history, and
They contain information which is as much about our past as our future. They are
subtle nudges, tweaks you might say, to our consciousness. The information gives us
vital building blocks, which will help with changing our attitudes and actions towards
life on our planet. You could say we are looking at our future and as long as we are
open to that idea, it will take us to a new place,
-Colin Andrews on The Sally Jesse Raphael Show
in the history of the phenomenon, is very
difficult to ascertain. However, I believe
that we are all involved in a process, the
final goal of which is a complete understanding of precisely what is going on. An
integral part of this process is the continuing interaction between the events in the
fields and the researchers. In some cases,
this interaction includes a few of the people
that are making some of the formations
(that is, the hoaxers). I suspect that we are
all players in an enormous cosmic play, and
that we all have our part. I do not think
that many of us-researchers, farmers,
witnesses, and hoaxers-fully understand
what our ultimate role will actually be.
2.4 Magic
My fascination with crop circles is, in
essence and at its core, a deep-rooted bewilderment. I continually marvel at the lack
of human presence, and I revel in the magical atmosphere that exists when I visit these
formations. The feeling is palpable. There
is something elusive and thrilling at the
sites of the authentic formations. I really
cannot define it; nor can I measure it, but
it is there: a tangible sense of...well, magic
might be the right word. What is remarkable about this feeling for me is that, outside of crop circles, I have only
experienced this sense of awe in churches
and cathedrals-special places where there
is clearly an undercurrent of revelation.
Sometimes, some of us seem to be capable of receiving “transmissions” from
other places, other states of being, other
dimensions. Many of us often talk about
intuition, hunches, the feeling that someone is watching us, or the knowledge that
someone is talking about us. We seem to
have a kind of sensory radar that sometimes
allows us to pick up messages that speak
to us without words. There is usually no
rational explanation for these kinds of experiences, but I have personally felt this
sense of awareness when visiting authentic crop formations, and it continues to fascinate me. I am constantly trying to learn
more about it.

2.5 Crop Circles of the Past
There are many historical accounts of
crop circle formations before the 20th century, some going back many hundreds of
years.
The first recorded account of an event
that has many of the characteristics common to the formation of a crop circle dates
from August 8, 1590, and was detailed in a
book published in 1686 called The Natural History of Stafford-Shire by Robert
Plott.
A peasant named Nicolae LangBernhand was walking to his home around
midday that day when he noticed some
peculiar activity going on in a field by the
side of the road. Upon closer investigation,
he saw a group of people dancing in a circle
in the field. Upon even closer investigation (close enough to see their legs and feet)
he saw that some of them had cloven feet.
As Lang-Bernhand observed them, the
dancers all suddenly rose into the air and
disappeared. In the field where they had
been cavorting appeared a circular indentation, which remained on the ground until the farmer who owned the field plowed
it under the following harvest time. According to Plott, many people from the surrounding area visited the crop circle while
it existed. No mention is made of what happened to the cloven-foot dancers. Plott also
states that powerful whirlwinds rose up
during this event, and that one of them was
strong enough to pick up the farmer and
carry him to a field some distance away.
A measure of skepticism is called for
when evaluating this account since it was,
after all, recounted almost 100 years after it
supposedly took place. But even if we strip
away some of the more fanciful elements
of the story (such as the cloven-foot dancers and the daylight vanishing), the essence
of the tale is that a crop circle appeared in
a field, and many people witnessed it.
In John Aubrey’s Natural History, the
story is told of a school teacher who, in
1633, saw fairies and elves dancing in a
field and then spoke of “the green circles
made by those spirits on the grass.”
And later still, recorded in English
folklore dating back to 1678, there was
reference to an event that many of us today might describe as an account of the
formation of a crop circle. There are differences in some of the specifics of the
case, but there are too many similarities
to a classic report of a crop circle to dismiss it out of hand.
The event occurred in Hertfordshire,
England. In writings of the time, the local
people speak of a fiery devil coming out
of the sky and cutting a circle in a field of
oats-again, cereal crops-in a village in
Hertfordshire. A woodcut exists of what
has come to be known as a “mowing
devil,” a horned and tailed creature cutting through a field of oats with a scythe.
The story is told of a farmer who
asked a local laborer what he would
charge to cut his field of oats. Apparently
the farmer was not too pleased with the
laborer’s estimate, and so they argued,
reportedly with great choler and exchanging of curses.
The farmer had the final say, though,
when he declared boldly and with seemingly little Christian fear, that he would
rather pay the devil himself to mow his
field than fork over the exorbitant amount
demanded by the worker. “May the Devil
reap it!” he is reputed to have shouted.
The laborer stormed off, the farmer
stormed off, and the fields remained uncut, until later that evening. Supposedly,
the farmer’s oat field was bathed in a fiery light. The following morning, his entire crop was neatly cut, arrayed in “round
circles.”
There are many other similar references dating from the 15th century in England. Many can be dismissed as pure
fiction, although one could see the medieval mind interpreting natural phenomena
as paranormal occurrences.
Moving into the 19th century, one of
the most compelling accounts of this phenomena comes from 1880. In a letter published in the July 29, 1880 issue of Nature,
A 1678 depiction of what many believe to be the formation of a crop circle.

John Rand Capron reports on an anomalous event he witnessed in a field near
Guildford in Surrey, England:
The storms about this part of Surrey have been lately local and violent, and the effects produced in some
instances curious. Visiting a
neighbour’s farm on Wednesday
evening [July 21, 1880], we found a
field of standing wheat considerably
knocked about, not as an entirety, but
in patches forming, as viewed from a
distance, circular spots.
Examined more closely, these all
presented much the same character,
viz., a few standing stalks as a center,
some prostrate stalks with their heads
arranged pretty evenly in a direction
forming a circle round the center, and
outside these a circular wall of stalks
which had not suffered.
I sent a sketch made on the spot,
giving an idea of the most perfect of
these patches. The soil is a sandy
loam upon the greensand, and the
crop is vigorous, with strong stems,
and I could not trace locally any circumstances accounting for the peculiar forms of the patches in the
field, nor indicating whether it was
wind or rain, or both combined,
which had caused them, beyond the
general evidence everywhere of
heavy rainfall. They were suggestive
to me of some cyclonic wind action,
and may perhaps have been noticed
elsewhere by some of your readers.
There are also accounts of crop circles
from the early years of the 20th century.
After the broadcast of a BBC program
on which I appeared and talked about the
field in which I saw my first crop circle in
1983, I was contacted by a farmer named
Chapel. Mr. Chapel told me that from 1923
to 1925, his farm had been on the parcel of
land I showed on the program, and that in
that same field, he had witnessed four crop
circles form a square. Also, farmers in
Whiteparish, Wiltshire saw simple circles
in 1946 and 1947.
In 1966 in Tully Queensland Australia, farmers witnessed aerial phenomena
after which crop circles appeared. Vegetation was seen to spiral and collapse in circular forms.
In the mid-1960s at the Stonehenge site,
a farmer witnessed simple circles but did
not report it until just recently. In that field
today, there are complex geometric shapes,
a seeming evolution from the simple circles
the farmer saw in the mid-1960s.
From 1975 on, crop formations have
evolved and increased in complexity and
geographic distribution.
2.6 Crop Circles
and Sacred Sites
In 1985, my colleagues and I noticed
something remarkable about the geographical location of some crop circles. For years
we had been gathering information about
the location of circles and their dimensions,
and eventually it became clear to us that
there were large clusterings of crop circles
around what have come to be known as
“sacred sites.”
As we continued to gather the data regarding the location of the crop circles, it
became evident that there were large
clusterings of formations around sacred
sites in southern central England, particularly at Stonehenge, Avebury, Silbury Hill,
and other ancient tumuli. My fellow researcher Freddy Silva now describes this
area as “the heart of crop circle country.”
In later years, when we began to receive reports from the United States about
the appearance of crop circles there, we
were not surprised to learn that many of
them were very close to Indian burial
grounds.

This spurred us to look much more closely
at this element of the phenomena. Since the
beginning of our involvement with the mystery, we have had computers continuously
looking for correlation in the massive amounts
of data collected about crop circles.
That research has resulted in two connections that stand out dramatically: we
learned that many of the crop formations
appear close to circular archaeological
sites and/or underground water reservoirs.
Those are the two major correlations, but
with the archaeological connection-the
appearance of formations near ancient
sites-there is more to it than simply proximity.
The dimensions of crop formations
that are near specific circular sacred sites
are very similar proportionally.
2.7 Stonehenge
I recall a day back in 1985 when my
friend and fellow researcher, pilot Busty
Taylor, casually told me something that had
occurred to him one day as he was flying
over Stonehenge. During his flight, he suddenly realized that he was looking at approximately the same proportions in Stonehenge
as in the crop circles that he had just recently begun to see from the air. This was
something of a revelatory moment for all of
us, but we needed some kind of confirmation for Busty’s “hunch.” For the next six
months, we looked again at all the data we
had compiled, and we concluded that his intuition had been correct.
Astonishingly, we discovered that the
dimensions of the earliest simple circles, the
first circles with rings around them, and the
first double circles, were all within centimeters of the dimensions of the horseshoe semicircle of the Stonehenge monument. We
were looking at the same geometry, the same
proportions, the same scale.
 This has continued, and sacred sites in
other countries also reflect this relationship.
In Malta, for example, there are churches
and temples built with the same “sacred
geometry” scale and proportions.
Throughout history, man has found
that certain geometric configurations-
many of which are mirrored in nature-
are meaningful to us as a species.
We don’t know the reason for this attraction-this intuitive appeal or “pull” that
certain shapes and proportions have-but
it is real, and it is common.
Certain geometric patterns involving
arcs, angles, circles, squares, and other
shapes and dimensions are manifested in
nature. The perfect spiral of the Nautilus
shell is a dramatic example.
The Golden Mean is a ratio of angles
and squares that create this perfect spiral.
And it is an element that is found in many
natural formations and living beings. It is
our suspicion that the seemingly intentional
(or at the least, repetitive) use of the Golden
Mean design in many crop circles may be
a tool that is being used by some higher
power to communicate with us.
Are the circular swirls present in many
crop circles somehow related to the dimensions and location of the pyramids?
Is there a connection between the
mathematical properties of the Golden
Mean and the earth’s natural magnetic
lines of energy?
These questions are still being asked
now, decades after the first simple circle
appeared, and we are getting closer to a
definitive answer. That answer may ultimately prove that there is an undeniable
connection between a simple nautical shell,
the complex spirals of crop circles, and the
eternal, evolving universe.
Stonehenge, for instance, is believed
by many to be a stone monument built on
the site of an early crop circle. This theory
contends that the ancients discovered a
complex crop formation, probably believed
it was a divine message, prayed over it and
in it, and then spent years, perhaps decades
or longer, putting up giant stone markers
exactly duplicating the layout of the original formation, assuring that this message
from the gods, would be visible and remembered in perpetuity.
This theory cannot be proven, of
course, but even a cursory examination of
Stonehenge’s triptychs leads the viewer
reflexively to mentally “fill in the blanks”
where stones are broken or missing. It does
not take a great deal of imagination to picture what the original Stonehenge monument might have looked like, and to
recognize its similarity to countless crop
circle patterns.
2.8 Sacred Geometry
“Sacred” geometry comprises shapes,
equations, dimensions, and ratios that have
been applied to designs, art, and architecture over millennia, especially hallowed
buildings such as churches, cathedrals, and
temples; and prayer and meditation designs
such as mandalas.
The Romans, the Greeks, the Celts,
and other early peoples used these sacred
ratios in the construction of their buildings and in their artwork, providing evidence of their knowledge of these
dimensions, all of which mirror nature-
from the spiral of the Nautilus shell, to
the spiral galaxies of the cosmos.
2.9 The Triangle
There is a geographical triangle in
southern central England in which many
crop formations have appeared. The existence and identification of this phantasmal
triangle is very important to me because I
did not recognize its parameters at first. To
this day, I believe I was deliberately given
a message, which I will explain in detail, to
steer me in the direction of understanding
its significance.
In the early years of my research, I
studied crop formations one by one. At that
time, I was focused on understanding each
new crop circle, and documenting its specific characteristics and details. I knew intuitively that there had to be some kind of
connection, some kind of yet uncovered
nexus that would link them all and perhaps
explain what was going on, but my attention was mostly focused on each single
manifestation as it appeared.
What I did do, however, was mount a
large map of England on my office wall
and, when a new crop circle appeared, I
would place a colored push pin on the map
at its location. Each year was represented
by a different color pin, and thus I went
about my business, placing a pin whenever
a new formation appeared.
As the months passed, more pins went
into the map. But there did not seem to be
a pattern or an alignment-at least to my
eyes. I was careful to record each new formation, but the placement of the pins
seemed random and unconnected. There
were the occasional clusters of appearances, near Stonehenge and Silbury Hill,
but I failed to see a particular overall pattern to their arrangement.
As I continued my research, I would
often collect plants and soil from inside
crop circles. Usually, these went to labs for
analysis; occasionally, they remained with
me for a time. During one field trip to a
crop circle in Wantage, England on September 4, 1986, I took a soil sample from
inside the formation, and then left the area
precisely at 4:15 p.m. I returned to my
home office, placed the soil sample on my
desk, and then put it out of my mind as I
collated my notes, and tended to household
duties and dinner.
That night-actually the morning of
September 5-something exceedingly
strange happened.

Intruder alarm activations began to occur at my home at precisely 4:15 in the morning. My wife and I, as well as our daughter,
were always sound asleep, and the alarms
would wake us, and, of course, terribly
frighten us. Bright lights would blaze on; buzzers would blare. Everyone in my house would
awaken, as well as several of my neighbors,
none of whom, as might be expected, were
very pleased about what was happening. This
went on for 14 nights in a row. I am an Electrical Engineer and have designed home alarm
systems, so I checked everything out, and
the equipment was functioning perfectly.
One night after the alarm went off yet
again, I walked, mystified and groggy, into
my computer room where I had several
computer systems working to record and
evaluate all the crop circle data I had been
compiling. I kept asking myself why was
this sophisticated alarm system repeatedly
going off at 4:15 every morning?
I sat down at my desk, and my gaze
automatically rose to the map on the wall.
I had stared at this map countless times,
and yet this time, something struck me
about the placement of the color-coded
push pins. “What was I seeing?” I asked
myself. What was I seeing?
Then it hit me. In a moment of insight
that struck me like a cold wind in the face
while standing in the middle of a desert, I
realized that the locations of the crop formations I had recorded in southern central
England formed a perfect equilateral triangle. The three points of the triangle were
Wantage in Oxfordshire, Winchester in
Hampshire, and Warminster in Wiltshire,
known as England’s “UFO capital” for its
plethora of UFO sightings.
The sides of the triangle were corridors several miles wide rather than perfectly straight lines, but the configuration
of the triangle was undeniable.
Colin Andrews in the office where he discovered the Wessex Triangle crop circle alignment.

I was flabbergasted.
Instead of seeing this obvious design, I
had been looking through it for years, and
all the while it had been hiding in plain
sight.
I instinctively knew that this was an
exceedingly important development, and
so I grabbed my ruler and compass. Placing a point at the center of each of the three
towns of the equilateral triangle, I measured
the sides of the triangle.
The length of each of the three sides
of the triangle was 41.5 miles.
This triangle has come to be known as
the Wessex Triangle and it is still where
the vast majority of total worldwide crop
circle activity occurs.
All the hair on my neck and arms stood
up when I realized what this meant. I had
been sent a message; a message that had
taken me time to comprehend.
The 4:15 alarm activations ceased that
very day. Experiencing this revelation
reached deep inside me, and moved me
almost beyond words.
I had been sent a message. I believed
it then, I believe it now.
This acceptance has been difficult for
me, and an ongoing struggle. The engineer
side of me is always doing battle with my
intuitive side. I have repeatedly asked myself why I did not recognize this myself on
my own, without “help” from whatever
intelligence or force is behind this phenomena. This was clearly something I needed
to know, and yet I was not able to make
the breakthrough myself. It had been
dropped right into my lap, and yet I missed
it. I have accepted this as a part of the learning curve, but I now try to pay more attention to that intuitive voice when I hear it
speak to me. I realize now that not all the
answers I am seeking will come from intellectual reasoning.
This experience convinced me that I
was involved in something very unusual,
and it was, ultimately, the incident that put
an end to my first marriage.
At some point during my last day in the
house, I stood at the top of the stairs, and I
sensed a presence. The feeling was quite
vivid and very real to me, but I did not see
anything and I did not know what it meant.
I carried on with my business, and that
was that. I did not sense this presence again
for quite some time. However, two years
later, something quite unusual happened,
and I suspect it may have been the being or
spirit from that day when I discovered the
415 link.
I was sitting at my desk when suddenly,
out of nowhere, a male voice said, quite
clearly and distinctly, “What are you doing?” The emphasis was on the word “are”
and I immediately interpreted it to mean, I
am disappointed-you’re not getting it.
I have replayed that moment over and
over in my mind many times since that day,
and I still do not know where that voice
came from, or if my interpretation of the
question asked of me was correct. Again,
the engineer in me began to think technically: I began to muse about how such a
voice could be projected in free space, but
I knew that this was the wrong approach.
The realm of known physics was not the
place I needed to visit to understand what
had happened.
The questioner had imparted information to me. Yes, a question had been asked,
but by the inflection in his voice, I knew
that the answer could actually be found
within the question itself.
I sensed disappointment, and I knew
that I was being told that I was erring in
my approach to the mystery.
I had overlooked the 41.5 miles information and I viscerally knew that I
was not paying attention to what was
truly important.
I was spending days at the computer, typing in ratios and dimensions and
locations and measurements-mountains of
boring, and perhaps meaningless, information-all the while ignoring the intuitive
knowledge being offered to me; the wisdom being presented to me in the fields
themselves, each time I visited a new crop
circle.
Pay attention, I was being told.
This I knew at my very core.
Pay attention.
Heed your senses. See with your third
eye. Listen to your inner voices.
And thus I silenced the engineer, and
began to seek the truth. A verse from the
Upanishads tells us “He who has found
Truth, seeks no more; the riddle is
solved...he is at peace.” And the Chinese
philosopher Lao Tzu tells us “the spiritual
and the material, though we call them by
different names, in their origin are one and
the same. This sameness is a mystery-
the mystery of mysteries. It is the gate of
all wonders.”
Since my experience of being awakened to the power of knowing without
thinking, I have been trying to truly understand the mystery.
2.10 A New Language?
A friend of mine who is a well-known
authority in higher consciousness and the
paranormal recently told me that he was
convinced that authentic crop formations
were a form of friendly communication
because the circles were public, gentle, and
benign. He told me he believed that a higher
intelligence would choose just such a form
of communication because it was not
threatening or damaging, and it was also a
method that did not require advanced education or scientific training to understand.
He suggested the possibility that the sum
total of the genuine crop circles amounted
to a new, unknown language that we would
ultimately need to translate to understand.
I was extremely interested in my
friend’s thoughts and it occurred to me upon
reflection that our own attempt at communicating with alien life forms (the
March, 1972, Pioneer 10 plaque sent into
space, currently 7.5 billion miles away
from Earth) likewise used symbols and
drawings to communicate a message.
I do believe that the authentic crop
formations are an attempt to communicate,
but I am not convinced that “language” is
the right word to describe the means of
communication.
Rather, it is a new, symbolic, terralinguistic
geography that is intended to arouse emotion, and I wholeheartedly agree with my
friend that these symbols are intended to be
seen.
They have been deliberately placed in
fields of cereal crops-life-giving vegetation that has been planted by man-and
because of their placement, they were guaranteed to be seen. The natural growth cycle
assures that the farmer and his family and
crew will return to the fields to harvest their
crops; plus, the open fields guarantee that
passersby will also see the huge, beautiful
agriglyphs etched into the acreage.
Pictograms are not found in lifeless
desert sands, or scratched into cold, inhospitable rocks. They are found in crops that
will feed people. And, as we discussed earlier, the plants found in crop circles do not
die. They continue to grow, often with increased vitality.
The glyphmakers want to engage us,
and now they have. It took us over four
centuries to catch on, but now many of us
realize we are being “spoken” to. We recognize the crop formations as being the
means of communication. And we are
working enthusiastically to understand the
authors’ message.
It has been suggested to me that the
designs of all the authentic crop circles in
the world constitute pieces of a massive
puzzle, and that man has been given the
“assignment,” so to speak, of collecting the
individual pieces, dismissing the hoaxes,
assembling the puzzle, and figuring out its
meaning.
What I have learned is that there are
different crop designs found in different
countries around the world, and I suspect
that they all may be part of a huge message to all peoples, being parceled out to
us in individual sections. The notion of
one overall communication may have
some validity. No matter how varied the
actual formations found in countries
other than England (where the majority
are still found), we may ultimately learn
that the totality of the information is the
same everywhere. In less-developed
countries, we find that the designs are
less complex than in the more industrialized regions of the world.
And what is that information? First and
foremost would seem to be the environmental message that the planet is ailing. In
all countries, the authentic patterns have
arrived as simple geometries that mirror ancient markings. All are identical in design
throughout the world.
I contend that this is a deliberate ploy
to secure our attention. There is a paradigm in the appearance, presence, and
eventual decay or destruction of the crop
designs, which I believe illustrates a state
of chaos in our natural vegetation, on a global scale.
When one attempts to find meaning in
this model, the deterioration of our environment comes immediately to mind. One
of the most convincing elements of this archetype is that the exponential rate of deterioration of the individual crops in which
patterns appear is mirrored by the rate of
degradation of the world’s crops-as measured especially by the expanding aggregate of toxic chemicals in our food.
Remember: Many of the designs appear in
our world’s vegetation that is at greatest
risk of damage from environmental impact.
There seems to be a deliberate attempt to make the message understandable, no matter where the crop circles
appear.
I have been working for years to
gather all the data I can from all over the
world, and make this information available to scientists, engineers, researchers,
politicians, and other interested parties. I
believe it is important to collect all the
pieces and make the sum total of the information readily available to anyone
who wants to see it.
I do believe that the overall message
will only make sense when we see all the
pieces of the puzzle.
2.11 To Every Season,
Turn, Turn, Turn...
I am frequently asked about what happens to crop circles. Because there is often an emotional component involved for
people who have seen, or who have been
inside crop circles, there is great interest in
their fate when the seasons change. I am
asked, “Do farmers simply plow them under?” Is there ever an effort made to permanently preserve crop formations-and
is that even possible?
The sequence of events that plays out
with the crop circle mystery is all part of
nature’s way, and, personally, I consider it
quite a wonderful cycle.
As we have seen, crop circles and pictograms appear in cereal crops, which
means that they are, in a sense, in our food.
Life-giving grains are the paints and the
earth is the canvas the authors use to form
these incredible designs. Nature’s way is
for seed to be planted, crops to be grown
and harvested, and then food to be made
with the harvested grain. One cannot help
but wonder if this is all part of the plan.

The force creating the authentic crop formations must be cognizant of the cycle of
planting, growing, and harvesting; it must
be aware of the change of seasons and the
cold slumber of the earth in the winter.
Crop formations appear in grown crops
where they will be most visible, but where
they will soon disappear.
I have always sensed an inherent respect in the crop circle mystery-a respect
for this cyclical pattern that results in lifesustaining nourishment.
It is also quite revealing to me-and
quite important, I suspect-that some crop
designs re-appear if the first formation is
ignored. We have evidence showing that if
someone did not acknowledge a particular
formation and photograph it, measure it,
and study it, an almost identical design will
appear the following growing season.
It is almost as if we are being told silently to look carefully, think clearly, and
try to understand. If the genuine formations are, indeed, a symbolic geographic language, then perhaps we are being told we
should not skip a page-or a chapter.
Crop formations are erased from the
landscape. What is special one day, is removed the next. I think this also signifies
that it is not crucial that we understand
everything immediately. The energy I have
personally felt in crop circles is patient. It
is positive and respectful of all life. There
is nothing aggressive, nothing threatening,
nothing frightening. I believe this is intentional, and that the use of the growth cycle
as the means of communication is an important part of the message, as well as being the vehicle by which we are being
spoken to.

2.12 The Farmers
I am often asked about the farmers on
whose fields crop formations appear. How
do the farmers respond when a crop circle
appears in their crops? Are they angry?
Do they avoid that area of their field, so as
to leave it pristine? Do they ever prosecute
trespassers when a known hoax formation
appears? Do they welcome visitors? Are
they resentful of the attention? Or are the
majority of them embracing of the phenomenon, if not the trespassing hoaxers?
There are many answers to these questions, and I will discuss them from two
perspectives: the early years of the phenomenon, and the way things are today.
In the beginning, the farmers were
elated when a crop circle appeared on their
land. Farmers felt privileged to have been
“chosen,” so to speak, and they were genuinely pleased at the sudden manifestation
of a crop circle-whether it was a simple
circle, or one of the more complex designs.
In the early years, farmers considered it an
honor.
Farmers would gather their families at
the site, and they would call their friends to
come and visit the wondrous and beautiful
creation that appeared in their fields. I have
arrived at the scene of a crop circle to find
the farmer ushering friends and family
members through the formation, acting almost as a tour guide.
That is still the case today with some
farmers, but they are fewer in number as
the phenomenon continues, and as it continues to be bastardized by the hoaxers,
many of whom are well-organized and
persistent.
The crop circle phenomenon has been
going on for decades now, with the majority of the formations occurring in the farmlands of central southern England, and the
patience of many of the farmers in that area
is growing thin.
We live in a world where we expect
experts to give us immediate answers. If
something happens, we expect round-theclock TV coverage, constant media attention, and an army of authorities and
experts telling us everything we could
possibly need or want to know, along with
a great deal of information for which we
have absolutely no use. A new ailment?
Give us the medicine that will cure it. A
new disaster? Send in the rescue efforts
and then tell us exactly how the tragedy
happened.
A mysterious phenomenon? Explain it.
And that is where the rules change.
Crop circles are real, and while we have
many theories to explain them, the experts-
including myself-are somewhat baffled by
this Earth anomaly, this planetary mystery.
We have not been able to provide all the
answers to all the questions about this extraordinary enigma.
The crop circles have not gone
away. Farmers have improved their security, locked their gates, and put barbed
wire around their fields, and yet they
still keep appearing. And the farmers’
resolve is being tested.
The hoaxers have compounded the
problem by treating farmers’ private property as public land. And so we have entered phase two of the phenomenon, which
is marked by frustration and, in some cases,
anger.
The anger comes when people do not
respect the land. Here are hard-working
men and women trying to make a living
off the land, and they have to contend with
people tramping through their fields.
Much of the visitors’ behavior shows
a horrid lack of respect. Crop circle tourists have left gates open and there have
been instances where cattle have walked
out onto the highways and been killed.
There have been cases where tourists have
trod over healthy crops with such carelessness that they have damaged or killed the
plants.
In addition to the circus in the fields,
there is also the question of liability.
Farmers are, in the end, the ones responsible for the safety of the people on
their land. When cereal crops are very dry,
they are very combustible, and one single
dropped cigarette could turn acres of crops
into an inferno. One lit cigarette could wipe
out 100 acres of ripened wheat in minutes.
Fires in the field happen regularly when
harvesters overheat, but the difference is
that the farmer can usually put it out
quickly, and there aren’t dozens, or in many
cases, hundreds of people milling about at
the site of the blaze.
In central southern England, there are
patterns that have hundreds of people in
them at any one time. People come from
all over the world to see them, and it is not
too difficult to imagine what goes through
a farmer’s mind when he sees all these
strangers walking through his fields. Many
crop tourists are quite a distance away from
the road when they are visiting and photographing crop formations. If a fire started,
and a wall of flames fed by the ripened
wheat began racing across the fields, would
the visitors be able to outrun it?
How many would die?
How many would be seriously burned?
How much damage would be done to
the crops?
What would be the farmer’s personal
liability?
Would he lose his farm?
These are the questions that run
through farmers’ minds these days.
Added to all these liability worries is
the added stress of the questions and taunts
from friends, relatives, and the public.
When a formation appears on a farmer’s
land, he is often questioned about its authenticity. The media has convinced many
people that all crop formations are
manmade, and farmers have to deal with
those kinds of questions, in addition to the
accusations that they are the ones responsible for the formation.
Many of the questions asked of them
by friends and the media are outside their

realm of expertise. Some farmers are extremely cooperative with researchers and
I have been granted very generous accommodations for my work. Sometimes, farmers will harvest around a formation and
then allow us in to take our notes and photographs before finishing the field. If they
are asked with respect, and we agree to
work around their schedule and needs, then
many are very helpful.
2.13 Anything for a Price?
As a response to the problem of
masses of people wanting to visit crop formations, farmers, of late, have been agreeing to allow visitors on their land, but for a
fee.
Many farmers came to the unavoidable
conclusion that they needed to have some
means of recompense for the damage done
to their fields, as well as for the time they
had to spend babysitting camera-laden
croppies in their fields. They needed to figure out how to manage the large numbers
of people and researchers coming onto their
land, and many decided to charge people
an admittance fee.
As often happens in human endeavors
that involve money, the profit motive sometimes takes over. This has happened with
some farmers who turned their crop formations into a money-making business.
This has caused problems, fingerpointing, and accusations of profiteering,
because most of the farmers who initially
began to charge an admission fee said they
did so only to recoup their losses. A farmer
in Alton Barnes, for instance, sustained
damage to his crops worth approximately
$650. The formation on his land was one
of the first multiple pictograms and he ultimately collected almost $9,000 from
members of the public who wanted to see
the formation.
Money was made, and it is not an enormous leap to imagine a farmer willingly
allowing a hoax formation to be made and
then charging people to see it.
I personally know of farmers who have
charged crop hoaxers a fee and then allowed them to create a formation on their
land. The standard fee has been hovering
between $150 and $350. During a recent
trip to England, I spoke to one farmer who
had allowed crop circle artists to make five
formations on his land, and he charged
them a little over $300 for each one. The
artists needed a place to make them, and
they and the farmer worked out a deal. This
was all done out in the open and, frankly, I
think this is a much better arrangement than
crop artists trespassing onto a farmer’s land
in the middle of the night. In those cases,
formations would “mysteriously” appear
and then researchers such as myself would
need to commit resources-money and
people-to researching something which
appeared unbeknownst to the farmer.
When a fee is charged and everyone
knows what’s going on, it allows serious
attention-and the commitment of very
limited resources-to the genuine crop formations. The artists can do their thing, and
we can then devote our efforts to the real
thing.
Regarding these “art for a price” cases,
though, to the best of my knowledge, I have
not heard of profit being made from charging people to see it, and in the majority of
cases, the work is made solely for the purpose of creating experiential art. This is
quite different from deliberately having a
formation made, passing it off as real, and
charging people to see it.
I do not know of one single case where
a farmer has actually encouraged people
to come onto his land and make a crop
circle for financial gain.
Personally, I fully support farmers
charging an access fee to their land. The
exchange of money for a service is noble
and just, and it allows me and my fellow
researchers (as well as the interested public,
of course) admittance onto private property without the fear of having a gun pointed
at our backside. Money grants permission,
and I am grateful for the opportunity to visit
important sites, and I am more than happy
to compensate the farmer.
2.14 Lighting the Way?
There have been many reports of
golden lights seen above fields in which
crop circles later appear. Sometimes, the
lights are reported above existing crop
circles.
What are these lights, and do they have
anything to do with the making of crop
circles?
These lights, which are known as the
Avebury Lights because of their prevalence
in the Avebury area of central southern
England, are self-luminous and can be seen
during the day. They have an amber, or
golden color at night, and are approximately
14 inches in diameter. A great deal of film
footage exists of these lights and I myself
have five “movies” of them, showing them
moving around seemingly purposefully.
They have also been captured in still photographs on 35 millimeter film.
They do not simply float; they flit
about above the fields and there have been
times when I felt like they were reading
my mind and responding with specific
movements. Sometimes, they appear as
silver balls, and I have gotten the impression that they were made of aluminum or
stainless steel, or some other flatly reflective white metal.
These lights are so ubiquitous that accounts of them exist in English folklore and
there is actually a hill near Alton Barnes,
near the East Field in Wiltshire known as
“Golden Ball Hill.”
We do not have any evidence that these
golden lights are involved in creating crop
circles. And yet, they seem to be around
quite often in areas where crop circles appear. Thus, the evidence is circumstantial
and anecdotal, but there certainly does
seem to be some kind of association.
This design was discovered during the filming of the movie, A Place To Stay. This photograph was also chosen by Disney to promote the movie, Signs.

=================================================================
Chapter 3. The Undeniable Evidence-Facts in Search of a Theory

3.1 Biology
The plants inside crop circles are
changed in a way that is beyond human
ability.
-Joseph E. Mason
There are definite biological changes
to crops taken from crop circle formations
believed to be authentic.
William C. Levengood, an eminent
biophysicist at the Pinelandia Laboratories
in Michigan, has looked at the plants from
crop circles from many countries for a number of years. What he has discovered is
that the internal structure of the plants is
changed at the cellular level, and that the
cell pit walls within the structure of the
plants are fractured and have expanded.
What is important about these findings is
that this effect has most assuredly not been
replicated by human beings tramping on
plants.
Along the length of cereal crops are
“knuckles” known as nodes. These nodes
What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole,the
keyhole of nature, trying to know what’s going on.
-Jacques Cousteau
allow the plant to return to the vertical position if they are somehow placed in the
horizontal position during their growth
period. These nodes normally expand
slightly during growth, and this expansion
is a common effect known to farmers all
over the world.
The nodal expansion in crops taken
from within crop circles is extremely unusual when compared to normal nodal expansion: the ratio of expansion is greatly
increased and this effect is specific to crops
found in what are believed to be genuine
crop formations. This greatly amplified
nodal expansion, again, can not be duplicated by counterfeit circlemakers stomping around a field with boards and twine.
According to Levengood, the largest
expansion occurs in the center, and to a
lesser degree, around the periphery of the
circles.
There is a profile of enlargement that is
proportional to the profile of the real crop
circle from which it was taken. This appears
to be an explicit connection between the
geometries of the master circle and the dimensions of the nodal expansion.
And once again, this is not found in
hoaxed circles.
Interestingly, Levengood has also determined that there is magnetic material
impregnated in some of the plants from
authentic crop circles, as well as in the soil
taken from around those plants
This magnetic material, to date, has
only also been found in a small number of
meteorites. This would suggest that the
construction of crop circles involves energies from outside our planet and that some
high-energy event may have been responsible for impregnating magnetic meteoritic
material inside the plants from crop formations.
Levengood has posited that microwave
radiation could cause many of the expulsion cavities and nodal changes found in
crop circle plant stalks. In fact, as part of
his research at the Pinelandia Labs,
Levengood was able to duplicate the specific nodal changes by exposing normal
plants to microwaves. However, one element of the changed plants he could not
duplicate through microwave exposure was
the genetic changes to the nodes found in
crop circle plants. Further work needs to
be done, but the early results seem to indicate that some type of microwave radiation, perhaps a form of energy still not fully
understood, may be responsible for the
changes in crop circle plants.
Levengood’s research has been criticized by skeptics, mostly for the allegation that he has not conducted much of his
work in a double-blind manner. Thus, because the very core of his research practices are challenged, any results he obtains
are cavalierly dismissed as unreliable.
Closer study of his work is revealing,
however, and regardless of the skeptics’
immediate rejection of even the possibility
of a crop formation being “non-hoaxed,”
there are distinct and quantifiable results in
The changes seen in starch crystals from plants taken from crop circles.

Levengood’s findings that are not found in
known hoaxed formations.
There is a great deal in Levengood’s
work that should be taken seriously. He has
written over 50 peer-reviewed papers, and
I know for a fact that he does not embark
on a research protocol recklessly, or with
less than the highest standards of control,
monitoring, and recording.
Seed heads collected from plants inside crop circles suspected of being authentic were malformed, and yet often
manifested speeded-up germination. Rapid,
widespread heating of the nodes is present
in crop formations that show no evidence
of a human hand.
The negativity of ardent skeptics, in my
opinion, does more harm than good. Skeptics proceed from an agenda that states
unequivocally that paranormal events are
impossible, that they do not happen, and
that anyone who believes they do or takes
them seriously is at the least, deluded, and
at the worst, crazy.
From my experience, I have determined that there are two types of skeptics: Type A and Type B. The Type A’s
are malfeasant in intent and deliberately
interfere with research and progress
within any field of endeavor. Their mindset
is one of malice, and they work diligently
to stifle progress. The Type B’s, on the
other hand, are open-minded (albeit ardently skeptical), and their input is essential for rational debate.
Why would a scientist of the caliber
of William Levengood, the holder of five
patents-obviously, a serious man-commit time, resources, and his reputation to
studying something that is nothing but a
fantasy? Levengood is one of those credible people, and I, for one, am not so ready
to dismiss his work and his findings as
nothing but a silly waste of time.
Perhaps he does not have all the answers. Perhaps his research could be more
extensive. Perhaps some of his findings are
controversial.
But who does have all the answers?
The skeptics? I doubt it. And what researcher couldn’t use more time and money
to expand their work? And if some research
results are perplexing and eyebrowraising, well, isn’t that what the quest for
truth is all about?
All that said, however, I am doubtful
that the truth about the crop circle phenomenon will ever be fully understood
using just science. As I state repeatedly
throughout this volume, the answers may
lie within us, and require looking through
the lens of the soul, as well as the lens of
the microscope.

3.2 Radiation
Some years ago, the Center for Crop
Circle Studies (C.C.C.S.) commissioned a
research project in which radiation was
measured in crop circles that were believed
to be authentic. Some unusual radioactive
isotopes were found in a number of these
crop circles.
The analysis of the results was done
in a U.S. Government laboratory and,
after the findings were made public, the
prevailing opinion was that they were
very unusual and further research was
recommended.
And then something odd happened.
Within a few days of the announcement of the findings, the government laboratory that had performed the analysis
suddenly backpedaled and announced that
a contamination within the laboratory had
been discovered, and that they now believed
that the results on the isotopic readings were
a result of lingering contamination from an
earlier experiment.
The tests were not repeated, and I now
believe that this clearly is something that
needs to be looked at again. Currently, as it
stands, the report was nullified by the claim
that contamination had resulted in incorrect conclusions.
Personally, I have been carrying a Geiger counter into crop circles for many
years, and have yet to discover anything
truly unusual.
3.3 Robust uh, Growth?
I would like to discuss briefly one of
the more unusual “benefits” attributed to
spending time inside crop formations: robust erections.
This has come to be known as the crop
circle “Viagra Effect,” and there have been
men who have reported becoming aroused
and achieving an erection while walking
through certain crop formations.
These claims have also been made
about certain sacred sites in England such
as Silbury Hill, which is in the center of
“crop circle country.” There is speculation among the believers that there is a
strong connection to the archetype of the
Goddess at Silbury Hill, and that a powerful female energy-reported by both men
and women-is present there. I myself
have felt this energy while visiting the site.
As for erections, however, I believe
that they are purely psychosomatic; that
is, they are created by the believer’s mind.
When someone is told that something
might be possible, in many cases, this becomes unquestionably possible in their
mind. And, thus, if someone walks into a
crop formation believing that they may get
an erection, in many cases they do, indeed, get an erection.
Does this mean that it was caused by
the energies in the crop formation? Personally, I tend to doubt it, and I myself
have never had that type of physical reaction during any of my visits to the almost 3,000 sites I have been in around the
world.
I do know men who have claimed they
have gotten erections while standing inside
a crop circle, and who completely believe
it was caused by the formation, but I think
it was due more to their mind than the
circle.

3.4 Full Circle
I know of breweries in Connecticut
and California in the United States that
brew beer from grain harvested from
fields in which a crop circle has appeared.
Also, cereal crops in which formations
appear are commonly harvested and then
used to make bread.
I am often asked if I think there is
any potential risk to humans from consuming food and drink made from “crop circle”
crops.
Not only do I doubt that these foods
can hurt us, I suspect the exact opposite
is actually the case. The plants from authentic crop circles are certainly healthier
and more vibrant than ordinary plants, and
they are larger and have better color and
formation. Levengood has conducted research that has shown that crop circle
plants can grow up to 40 percent larger
than ordinary plants, that their root structure is 40 percent stronger, and their grain
is markedly healthier.
So, all that considered, it would seem
to me that, if anything, crop circle food
and drink might be better for humans than
ordinary foods, although, as far as I know,
there has not been any scientific testing
to support this belief.
I myself have not eaten bread from
crop circles, but I drank crop circle beer.
The two breweries currently making
crop circle beer both use barley plants
from East Field crop circles in Wiltshire,
England.
Regarding crop circle bread, I recall
one particularly unfortunate incident from
my career, during which I got into quite a
bit of trouble with the British farmers and
England’s National Farmer’s Union.

Back in the late 1980s, I was
doing a great many television interviews in England. During one of
these interviews, I innocently suggested that perhaps it was not wise
to harvest the actual plants from
crop circles until we knew more
about what was causing the formations and what changes were
occurring in the plants. I expressed
concern about the possible unknown effects on humans from eating food made with crop circle
plants, and I opined that perhaps
the farmers should set aside these
crops and not sell them for consumption. I took quite a verbal
thrashing for that one, and I was
accused of scaring the public needlessly, and also of threatening the
livelihood of the farmers. Since
then, I have been very careful
about such statements, and, as I
have stated, I have drunk crop
circle beer and am no worse for
the partaking. Beer made from grain harvested from a crop circle.


======================================================
Part II. The Making of a Crop Circle

Madison Square Garden: Geography

From the year 1678, we have a wood
cutting called “The Mowing Devil.”
The writing that accompanies this
carving tells us that a farmer and some local people in a hamlet of Hertfordshire witnessed the devil appearing in a chariot of
fire, in a ball of light-remember that-
from the sky and cutting the farmer’s oats
into a crop circle. We also have two other
references from the late 1600s that are extremely similar.
Around 1923 or 1924, a farmer farming Cheesefoot Head in Southern England,
saw four crop circles in the very same field
as I saw my first five circles in 1983.
The farmer had seen me on a BBC television program talking about this particular field,
and he wrote me a letter teling me that he had
had circles in the same field back in 1923.
He was not the first to step forward.
We have had many farmers tell us that
crop circles have been appearing on their
land for many, many years.
 These firsthand, eyewitness accounts
validate our data.
This is not random.
There seems to be something important about certain locations.
The same fields are revisited time and
time again and, in three specific cases in
my files, they appeared on the same identical spot.
Clearly, location is important, but we
have not yet discovered why.
Crop circles frequently appear very
close to water. I have found a 90 percent correlation between the appearance
of crop circles and the existence of underwater aquifers. Also, the vast majority of patterns appearing worldwide are
within 40 miles of Stonehenge.
Many, many crop circle formations
are conglomerated in that area, a place
notable as having the highest level of ancient circular archaeological sites in the
world. The design of Stonehenge mirrors
many of the basic patterns of crop
circles.
 Stonehenge itself has, as a design,
a crop circle pattern.

============================================================
Chapter 4. The Theories

The Making of a Crop Circle: The Many Theories

There are many theories as to how and why
crop circles are appearing on our planet. In
this chapter, I will discuss separately the
principal and most compelling hypotheses
for these enigmatic, unearthly “terran
beauty marks.”
In no particular order, I will look at the
prevailing theories. It is a fact that crop
circle manifestations are real and that there
is scientific evidence to prove that there are
differences between the plants in hoaxed
formations and the plants in authentic manifestations. But because crop circles don’t
really do anything-other than appear in
the fields and stun the senses with their
beauty-science has been loath to commit
time and resources toward explaining and
understanding them.
Perhaps we are not meant to delve too
deeply into the “mechanics” of their formation. Perhaps their purpose is to speak
to our souls...
That said, however, here are the mostoften cited explanations for the mystery.
Let mystery have its place in you; do not be always turning up your whole soil
with the ploughshare of self-examination, but leave a little fallow corner in your heart
ready for any seed the winds may bring...
-Henri Frederic Amiel
• The Gaia theory: plight, warnings,
and pleas.
• Magnetism.
• Life-force energies.
• Underground water.
• Microwaves.
• Plasma vortexes and whirlwinds.
• Aliens make them: ETs and UFO landing sites.
• Messages from the dead? Oliver Lodge.
• Government satellites.
• Snow circles and ice rings.
• Crop circles and cattle mutilations: Is there a connection?

4.1 The Gaia Theory:
Plight, Warnings, and Pleas
We begin with the theory that Mother
Earth herself is actually involved in some
way in the construction of crop circles. This
theory suggests that the living Earth is communicating through natural energies that
can be glimpsed in the complex grid of
alignments of sacred sights and areas of
paranormal influence around the world
known as ley lines.
This theory is based on the Gaia
Theory, which was first hypothesized in
1970 by the scientist Timothy Zell, and
expanded and refined by the British chemist James Lovelock and U.S. microbiologist Lynn Margulis in 1972. In 1979,
Lovelock wrote the seminal book, Gaia: A
New Look at Life on Earth, which profoundly changed the way scientists, as well
as ordinary people, looked at life on earth,
and the life of the earth.
Is the earth “alive?” Is the planet a
functioning life-form that breathes, reproduces, and responds to threats by complex
biochemical self-defense mechanisms?
And if the answers to these questions are
“yes,” can crop circles be a conscious-
or, at the least, autonomic-response to
atrocities committed against the planet by
man and all our endeavors? And again, if
the answer to the question of whether or
not the earth is a living entity is yes, is it
possible for the earth to die? What would
be the fate of mankind and all the other
lifeforms inhabiting this blue planet if that
should happen?
The Gaia Theory proposes that our planet
is not simply a mass of lifeless rock flying
through space; not simply a “lucky accident”
in the cosmic scheme of things. In 1929, Russian scientist V. I. Vernadsky foreshadowed
the development of the Gaia Theory:
Life appears as a great, permanent and continuous infringer
on the chemical “dead-hardness”
of our planet’s surface….Life
therefore is not an external and
accidental development on the terrestrial surface. Rather, it is intimately related to the constitution of
the Earth’s crust, forms part of its
mechanism, and performs in this
mechanism functions of paramount
importance, without which it would
not be able to exist.
Is the living planet earth having problems with the support mechanisms that sustain her? From David Orrell’s essay, “Gaia
Theory: Science of the Living Earth” 2:
Three billion years ago, bacteria and photosynthetic algae started
to remove carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere, producing oxygen as a
waste product. Over enormous time
periods, this process changed the
chemical content of the atmosphere-
to the point where organisms began
to suffer from oxygen poisoning! The
situation was only relieved with the
advent of organisms powered by
aerobic consumption.

Orrell also reminds us that the heat of
the sun has increased by almost 25 percent
since life began on Earth, and yet the atmospheric temperature has remained approximately the same. How has the earth
compensated for such a significant increase
in heat, and kept the temperature within the
ideal range for all lifeforms on the planet?
Lovelock and Margulis discovered a
number of regulatory processes that they
described as feedback loops which, in effect, served to cool the planet. One example is the cycle in which soil bacteria
removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Soil bacteria is more active in hotter temperatures, so as the sun’s heat
increased over the eons, soil bacteria increased their activity, the net result of
which was a continuous cooling of the
planet. Life responded to a threat by adapting its own biochemical processes as a
defense mechanism.
If the earth is a living organism, crop
circles may be a response to injury. Much
the way the human body responds to a
wound by exhibiting a welt, or a bruise, or
by bleeding (and later, scarring), can the
earth be responding to industrial and automotive pollution and other environmental
insults and assaults by exhibiting welts or
bruises in the form of crop formations? The
Gaia Theory is one explanation for the
phenomenon.
I find great merit in the Gaia Theory
and believe that even if it does not ultimately explain the crop circle phenomenon, it makes an important contribution
towards educating the public and making
us all more environmentally conscious.
One of my colleagues recently suggested to me that the crop circle hoaxers,
along with those who fixate on what percentage of crop formations are fakes and
what percentage are real, are completely
missing my point. He believes that my environmental concerns are often overlooked in lieu of an obsession with the
numbers. I understand his point, and I
agree that oftentimes my environmental
message takes a back seat to the paranormal aura persistently attached to the crop
circle phenomenon.
I think that our attention should be on
our wounded planet, and I think that the crop
circles may be a way for nature, or some
unknown intelligence, to redirect our focus
back to the environment-where it used to
be by all peoples in the pretechnology eras.
In those days, there was a direct link between the environment and life; people knew
it, and they respected this. The weather, the
land, the animals, the crops, the trees, the
waters-all were integral components of
survival. Technology has moved modern
man several degrees of separation away
from this way of life. When there are always loaves of bread on the grocery store
shelves-loaves that have been baked,
sliced, packaged, and dated for freshness-
it is very easy to forget that before the final
product of the loaf of bread reached you,
cereal crops had to be grown, harvested,
ground, baked, and shipped to the baker.
Crop circles appear in plants that will
be used for food. This is quite blatant:
Look at these beautiful designs; they are
in fields of crops; you will one day eat
these crops. Pay attention to that which
sustains life.
Are we learning to respect the planet?
Have we learned to use wisely the plants
and the animals given to us? I do think that
as a species we are thinking more about
our actions and their effect on other
lifeforms, but I don’t think we are doing
anywhere near enough.
Today, there are pockets of environmentally-aware communities, both in the
United States and around the world,
where people recycle, have more respect
for trees, and take into account the impact on the foliage and the water when
planning buildings and roads. But it is
not widespread enough and we need to
do more. There is an increased awareness, especially in the Western world, of
environmental matters, and this is something we need to cultivate (pun intended)
and expand.
My own feelings about the planet go
very deep.
I am privileged and honored to be in
regular contact with a great many scientists, engineers, politicians, writers, professors, and native peoples in different parts
of the world, and from many different
walks of life. I hear over and over from
these diverse people that the earth is suffering from extraordinary damage. James
Gustave Speth is Dean of the Yale School
of Forestry & Environmental Studies, and
he provided me with the following alarming facts about our planet and the species
that inhabit it:
• The rate of extinction of birds and
mammals today is estimated to be

100 to 1,000 times the rate that species naturally disappear.
• For 20 years, tropical forests have
been cleared at the rate of one acre
per second.
• One-quarter of all species of birds
are now extinct.
• Half of the available freshwater on
earth is being consumed and most
people will soon live in waterstressed areas.
• For more than 20 years, 15 million
acres of agricultural land has been
lost every year to desertification and
soil degradation.
• An estimated half of the world’s
wetlands have been destroyed.
• Forty years ago, 5 percent of the
marine fisheries were overfished.
Today, that figure has risen to 70
percent.
• Industrial processes that fix nitrogen
at rates that exceed nature’s has resulted in 50 oxygen-starved ocean
dead zones, including one in the Gulf
of Mexico the size of New Jersey.
• Professor Jane Lubchenco, newly
elected president of the International
Council of Scientific Unions recently
stated, “The trajectory we are on is
not sustainable. We are definitely destroying the life systems of the
planet.”
And speaking of native peoples, approximately 15 years ago, the Kogi people
came down from their mountain in South
America where they had lived for centuries, to meet with a journalist from the
BBC. This was the first time in 300 years
that they had spoken to their “Younger
Brother,” which was their term for the white
man.
They came down to report that snow
had stopped falling on their mountaintops.
They desperately need this snow for water, irrigation, and other life support purposes. Because of this, the tribe had to
relocate, and one of the members spoke
to a reporter to express their deep concerns for the health of the planet. The Kogi
believe that all the terrible changes occurring on the planet are from the actions
of Younger Brother. These people have
never taken up arms and are a very quiet,
spiritual people. For them to take such a
drastic step as leaving their mountain and
speaking to those in civilization, their fears
and concerns had to have been profound
indeed.
I share their view.
We now see that it is not just those
mountains in South America. Climatic
changes are accelerating at an extraordinary rate. We are damaging our home.
I feel very deeply about this. Ten years
ago, I was optimistic that a new thinking
was taking hold; a new environmental
awareness that would spur critical
changes-and hopefully before it was too
late.
Today, I am sorry to say that I have an
intuitive sense that it might now be too late.
Around the world, temperature and
precipitation records are being broken every day. Have we upset the fragile ecological balance necessary to sustain life for the
long term?
Our planet is under attack. And I reject the placations of those who tell us we
are simply in a turbulent period of a natural
cycle and that the earth has been through
this before, and it will adapt as it has in the
past. We have the data. The earth has
never been through what it is going through
now-the pollution, the toxic emissions, the
excessive extinctions. This is something
different, and to fix it is going to require a
major change in our thinking as a species-
what is known as a paradigm shift. A new
generation of politicians must take the reins
and assure the survival of mankind and all
our allied species.
The British movie A Place to Stay,
(which is reviewed in this volume), makes
the point that the earth is the place where
we must stay-there is nowhere else to go
right now and, so, if we destroy this home
of ours, where will we live? The day may
come where we colonize other planets and
have several more “places to stay,” but right
now, this is it.
There is a theory of late that posits that
we quite simply cannot harm our planet
beyond repair. Why? Because the oil we
burn is from dinosaurs who died and became part of the ecology. Thus, this theory
goes, we are doing nothing more than extremely long-term recycling. Anything we
pump into the ecosphere, no matter how it
has been changed, is still part of the biological aggregate and, therefore, cannot
hurt the planet, or anything living on it. It
is a closed loop, according to this theory.
Much of this makes perfect sense. But
this closed loop theory requires a selfcontained, closed atmosphere within which
cycles repeat over and over. And that is
where this theory comes undone. Manmade
chemical compounds-combinations of elements not found in nature-are thinning
the ozone layer that protects us from ultraviolet rays. This adds an unknown variable
to the equation and opens the closed loop.
The fully analyzed 2001 data shows the
most serious situation to date over the Arctic. There was a minor positive deviation in
2000, but the mean curve is negative overall. This speaks powerfully to the serious
degradation of the ozone layer, and the potential-and still not-fully-known consequences-of such deterioration.
Almost the entire continent of Australia is, today, almost completely exposed to
ultraviolet radiation because of the hole in
the ozone layer above it. I think this is an
extremely serious situation and one that is
often either minimized or ignored by both
scientists and politicians. And the average
person couldn’t care less about the hole in
the ozone layer. It does not affect his or
her daily life. And that is true.
But what happens when this exposure
to UV rays takes its toll, and we start to
see the worst droughts in history, devastating floods that seemingly come out of
nowhere, and extreme storm periods unlike any we have seen before‚ not to mention the real possibility of serious birth
defects?
And we are not talking about a century from now. We are talking about major
ecological and environmental problems for
our grandchildren, and their children.
Whether or not the Gaia Theory is the
true explanation, or, in fact, the only explanation for crop circles has yet to be determined. But there is great merit, and
long-term benefit, in opening the door to
the notion that Mother Earth might be trying to tell us something. I do think it is in
our best interest to listen.
4.2 Magnetism
Another theory that attempts to explain
crop circles involves the earth’s magnetic
fields.
Over a period of five years, and continuing today, I have been conducting magnetometer surveys in the proximity of crop
circles and inside the circles themselves.
I have been measuring the earth’s magnetic field in circles in central southern England and, in a small number of circles, we
have recorded increases in the earth’s magnetic field by approximately 120 percent.
Incredibly, that increase, when
mapped out by computers, shows the same
magnetic fingerprint-the identical profile-as the crop design over which it has
been measured.

This is very significant.
These findings have allowed us to calculate that the dipoles-the pair of electric
charges of equal magnitude but opposite
polarity that would produce that level of
magnetism-are buried at 20 feet below
ground or, surprisingly, suspended 20 feet
above the ground.
The level of magnetism we recorded
was maintained for a period of several days.
This was not a momentary event. It occurred over a period of time. We could see
nothing in the sky, and the British Ministry of Defense did not permit us to excavate that particular parcel of land, so we
were unable to determine with certainty the
source of the magnetism.
Localized fluctuations in the earth’s
magnetic field are thought to be a major
element in the creation of crop circles. This
theory presumes that there is also some
kind of unknown energy field-perhaps a
“brother” to magnetism-that is also at
work and is the actual force that flattens
the plants.
As we have seen, unusually high levels of magnetism have been measured inside some crop circles which, when
mapped out into a distribution profile, resembles the actual crop circle design in
which it was measured.
There is speculation that a high rate of
rotational acceleration of this magnetic
anomaly creates a force that creates crop
circles.
There is concrete evidence to support
this theory. It is a known fact that plants
thrive and that their growth rates increase
inside elevated magnetic fields. Also, many
human beings can detect magnetic fields.
It is thought that these “human magnetometers” have this ability due to the iron content within their human hemoglobin, which
is constantly provided to every cell in the
human body through the blood. They detect and interpret magnetism as feelings of
well-being and, in some cases, they manifest improved health, or even healings.
Even the glowing “globes” described by
some crop circle witnesses, and which
many believe to be UFOs, could be accounted for by this process.
One of the common arguments against
the magnetism theory is that, if it were true,
then we would have had manifestations and
accounts of crop circles throughout all of
recorded history, not just in the past few
hundred years.
 At first glance, this does have some
semblance of sense and logic, but on deeper
analysis, we find that there are flaws with
this argument.
My challenge hinges on the fact that
the earth today is not the same as it was
hundreds and thousands of years ago. We
do not have all the facts regarding ancient
geology, the state of the primeval ecosphere, and exactly what the climate was
like before recorded history, but we have
certainly acquired a great deal of information from the ice cores, the fossil record,
and from scientific models.
One conclusion we can state with certainty is that thousands of years ago, the
planet earth was not in the state it is today.
There is something new going on.
The climate is mutating; the environment is changing at an accelerated rate, and
this change can be seen in the composition
of the ice cores, located around the world
at both poles, and in Greenland, China,
Russia, and South America.
The United States Geological Survey
describes the mountain of information recorded in ice cores:
Ice cores contain an abundance of climate information-more
so than any other natural recorder
of climate such as tree rings or sediment layers. Although their record
is short (in geologic terms), it can
be highly detailed. An ice core from
the right site can contain an uninterrupted, detailed climate record
extending back hundreds of thousands of years. This record can include temperature, precipitation,
chemistry and gas composition of
the lower atmosphere, volcanic
eruptions, solar variability, seasurface productivity and a variety
of other climate indicators.
It is the simultaneity of these
properties recorded in the ice that
makes ice cores such a powerful tool
in paleoclimate research....Over the
past decade, research on the climate
record frozen in ice cores from the
polar regions has changed our basic
understanding of how the climate system works. Changes in temperature
and precipitation which previously
we believed would require many
thousands of years to happen were
revealed, through the study of ice
cores, to have happened in fewer than
20 years.
These discoveries have challenged our beliefs about how the climate system works. We have been
required to search for new, faster
mechanisms for climate change and
we have begun to consider the interaction between industrial man and
climate in light of these newly revealed mechanisms.3
One of the valuable pieces of information we have acquired from our study of
the ice cores is that carbon dioxide (CO)
levels in the atmosphere are higher in the
past 30 years than they have been in the
past 500,000 years. The topmost centimeters of the ice cores show this and, while
we do not know precisely what the longterm effect of this increase in CO2
 will be
on the biosphere and on human survivability
on earth, the fact that such a monumental
change in the environment has happened
within an infinitesimally small (in geologic
terms) period of time cannot, in this
researcher’s opinion, bode well.
And this also bolsters my argument
that it is impossible to make judgements
about the possible existence of crop circles
in the distant past, based on the state of the
planet today.
It has long been my contention that the
recent crop manifestations are a sign, and
perhaps a symptom of a major, and perhaps tragic, change in the earth’s biological health.
I myself am an electrical engineer, and
I have consulted with physicists,
paleobiologists, and other scientists, and
we are all in agreement that the earth’s
magnetic field alone cannot be causing the
plants in crop circles to collapse to the
ground in swirled, sometimes complex
patterns. There is obviously some other
element to the equation, again, perhaps
that unknown brother to magnetism, or
some type of byproduct of magnetism
that combines with other earth forces to
provide the lateral force necessary to
create these designs. This is one theory,
and we may ultimately learn that it goes
hand in hand with the Gaia Theory and
that the final, persistent message is that
the earth-and every living creature on
it-is in danger.
A moving magnetic field will induce a
current and if that current has some other
type of energy applied to it, it can achieve
lateral movement that could cause plants
to collapse in an organized manner.
But what is this unknown “other type
of energy?” Intelligence, perhaps?
And as I mentioned earlier, I was
stunned to discover that in one case, a magnetometer reading I took within a specific
crop circle was a mirror image of the design of the crop pattern itself. This was astonishing and baffling at the same time.

So there is some kind of as yet unidentified distortion going on, in which the
earth’s magnetic field is manipulated, perhaps deliberately, to cause rapid lateral
movement of the energy waves and cause
plant collapse within seconds.

4.3 Life Force Energies
Another theory, and yet another corollary to the Gaia hypothesis, is that esoteric,
indefinable forces commonly described as
“life force energies” are creating the patterns. This theory states that anything and
everything that is alive-human beings, animals, insects, plants, and indeed the planet
itself -in some way sustain life on earth by
working with an interconnected life force
energy, and that when any one component
of this complex paradigm is in significant
danger of not being able to adequately sustain itself, there is a reaction, part of which
could be the appearance of crop circles.
Austrian physician Wilhelm Reich
(1897–1957) identified this vital life force
as orgone energy, and he believed it was
the force that explained all processes in the
biosphere-from gravity to nuclear energy.
The life force theory suggests that the
human race as a species, being the dominant life form on the planet, and having
the most complex and sophisticated morphology, somehow recognizes, at a subconscious level, that the earth is in danger, and
that all life on the planet is threatened. We
somehow sense this in our primal forebrain,
in our primeval limbic system where there
is sense memory of our earliest genetic
existence. Crop circles are, in this way,
constructs created by our subconscious and
with interplay from other lifeforms, in response to perceived threats to our aggregate existence. Orgone is the energy
permeating everything and perhaps the
collective unconscious is manipulating this
energy to create crop patterns for a multitude of urgent reasons.

4.4 Underground Water
Another theory is that the large reservoirs of underground water in the earth’s
geo-structure, all of which expand and contract depending on the amount of rain that
falls, create a static charge that builds up
and ultimately discharges at surface level,
and that the configuration of these specific
electrical charges create the crop circle
patterns.
In recent history, this expansion and
contraction rate has been greater due to
global warming and changes in the weather
systems, and this increased volatility of
water levels may be responsible for anomalous electrical discharges. Crop circles
could be an effect of these discharges, much
the way desert winds create patterns in sand
dunes.
There is supporting evidence for this
theory, specifically the fact that an overwhelming majority of the authentic crop
formations around the world manifest in
very close proximity to underground
aquifers.

4.5 Microwaves
One of the most intriguing theories
regarding the formation of crop circles is
the theory that microwave radiation is responsible for the changes found in the
nodes of plants in crop formations. Microwave radiation is suspected as causing the explosion or swelling of the nodes
of individual stalks of crop circle plants
and vegetation.
Microwaves-which are between
infrared and shortwave radio waves-
are high-frequency electromagnetic
waves, one millimeter to one meter in
wavelength.
Low levels of microwaves are emitted
from almost everything on earth. It has
been demonstrated, for instance, that if two
tin cans are placed next to each other, they
will connect to each other with straight lines
of microwave radiation. Likewise, trees can
link to other trees using microwaves, and
people can sometimes subliminally communicate with each other without speaking
through the unconscious, yet quite real,
exchange of low levels of microwaves.
Have you ever felt like someone was looking at you and when you turned, someone
was? Some researchers believe that in instances such as these, the “watcher” is
emitting trace amounts of microwave radiation that is being received by the person
being watched. Something autonomic is
triggered and a message is sent to the brain
telling us we are being observed, and that
we need to evaluate this monitoring as either being a threat, or as being harmless.
At these levels, however, it is unlikely
that there would be enough microwave energy in nature to cause plants to collapse.
Also, microwaves do not move laterally with
force, and lateral movement and patterning
is commonly seen in crop circle formations.
Microwaves could be responsible for
the swollen, or exploded nodes of plants
from crop formations. The microwaves
could rapidly heat the moisture locked inside a plant node and cause it to boil and
blow out the node.
But is there an identified process in
nature that could generate enough microwave radiation to create a crop circle? No.
Therefore, it is my opinion that even
if microwaves are involved in some manner-its presence suggested by the exploded nodes-microwaves in and of
themselves are not strong enough to bend
crops and create a pattern.
Some interesting experiments have
been conducted with plants and microwave
ovens. Plants have been placed in a microwave and, when the oven was turned on
and the plate rotated (thereby creating lateral movement), the plants did bend themselves into a spiral pattern. But the plants
died, and there is also nothing in nature that
can create the concentrated levels of microwave radiation emitted by a microwave
oven. In the fields, the plants do not die.

4.6 Plasma Vortices and Whirlwinds
Another theory is that meteorological
atmospheric vortices-some previously
unknown, weird new whirlwinds-are responsible for the formations. This theory
likewise ties into the Gaia Theory since it
is generally assumed that these patternforming vortices are a manifestation and
response of a changing global environment; a damaged, struggling environment.
The vortices most commonly credited
with the creation of formations are water and plasma.
Water vortices are air and water in a
rapidly spinning whirlwind carried across
the land, leaving behind circles and other
patterns in the cereal crops.
Plasma vortices are spiraling columns of electrified air which, on impact
with the vegetation, likewise create patterns. The analogy for this process
would be electrocution. The plasma vortex electrocutes the plants into a circular form, the source of the final design
ultimately being a natural meteorological phenomenon.
But, realistically, can such an unfocused, intermittent meteorological event
be responsible for any crop patterns beyond the simplest of circles? Probably not,
and yet there is enough evidence, most
of which has come from Dr. Terence
Meaden, to credit these vortices with
some of the plain, unadorned circles.

4.7 Aliens Make Them: ETs and UFO Landing Sites
There has long been a great deal of
speculation that crop circles are formed
when alien spacecraft-be they visible or
invisible-land in fields. In fact, the earliest appearance of crop circles in Australia
were originally called “saucer’s nests” because of this belief.
I myself have not seen or interviewed
anyone that can provide evidence that
UFOs are actually responsible for the creation of crop circles. However, that said,
there are many reports and a number of
very impressive films showing spheres
approximately 14 inches in diameter moving in the fields where crop circles have
already formed. I don’t believe this is at
all coincidental. These particular spheres
are rarely seen outside of crop circle fields.
There is one case, which will be discussed
later in this volume, where a man claims
to have seen these spheres actually making crop circles.
I do not think we yet have the evidence
that UFOs are making crop circles, but
there is definite evidence-both on film
and by eyewitnesses-that they are in the
proximity and appear to be “showing an
interest” in what’s occurring.
There are approximately 50 eyewitness
accounts by people who claim to have seen
crop circles forming. I have interviewed
many of them, and none claim to have seen
UFOs in the sky when the crop circles
form. A CIA remote viewing project in
which the participants all had documented
remote viewing abilities, concluded that the
crop patterns are intended to serve as “sign
posts,” informational postings by one extraterrestrial species to another and that
human beings actually have no part in the
phenomenon whatsoever. That particular
experiment concluded that crop formations
are not intended for we Terrans. Of course,
that conclusion has been challenged by
other theories.
I would rule out the notion of complex
crop circles being formed as a physical
impression in a field created by the landing
of a UFO, although we cannot conclusively
rule out the possibility that some simple,
single circles could have been created by
the landing of a craft.
Another theory is that extraterrestrial
beings are making crop circles.
The authentic crop formations boast of
intelligent design. There is no denying that.
The earth’s real crop circles, the ones that
appear in astonishingly brief periods, and
which show no evidence of crop destruction, appear to be well thought out and deliberately designed. There are some who
contend that aliens are the architects and
authors of these formations, and that they
have somehow always been involved with
the phenomena. The belief is that the crop
circles are some form of communication
from an extraterrestrial species. If this is
the case, the extraterrestrials’ message is
still being erratically communicated and is
undeniably ambiguous.

4.8 Messages From the Dead?
Another theory, which is a relatively
new line of thought and actually quite bizarre in my opinion, is that crop formations
are communications from the dead. The
emergence of this theory may simply be a
response to the ongoing popularization of
talking to the dead, commonly seen in
books by self-described psychics and channels such as James Prager and John Edward. Prager writes books in which he
reports on his conversations with the deceased, and John Edward hosts a very
popular television show on which he delivers messages to audience members from
their departed loved ones.
Is there any validity to this theory as it
relates to crop formations? Mathematicians
assert that the dead are creating crop circles
in specific geometric ratios to get our attention. Eventually, the theory goes, a code
will emerge from the various authentic formations that will reveal something of great
import to mankind. Thus, the dead are acting as couriers of some important message
for the living. Obviously, this theory needs
continuing investigation, as well as some
hard evidence for it to be considered a viable hypothesis.
Oliver Lodge
There is some evidence, however, in
the story of Oliver Lodge and his possible
posthumous communication using crop
circles, that bolsters the credibility of this
theory. Lodge was a scientist and spiritualist who demonstrated the possibility of
transmitting radio waves, work which led
to Marconi’s development of true wireless
communication. Lodge believed in the survival of the self after death.
In the article in this volume, “Diatonic
Ratios in Crop Circles” by Gerald Hawkins,
we learn of the relationship between the dimensions of crop circles and the Western
musical scale. Professor Hawkins also expanded his research into the diatonics found
in crop circles by taking the musical notes
he had decoded in the circles depicted in
my book Circular Evidence, and applying
letters to the notes, using a method known
as the Boethian Method, named for the fifth
century Roman philosopher, Boethius.
This system of encoding-applying letters to musical notes and concealing them
within a composition-has been used by
musical composers for centuries. In fact,
in Johann Sebastian Bach’s final fugue, he
hid the letters B-A-C-H repeatedly. When
Hawkins applied the Boethian to crop
circles, he came up with a set of initials
over and over. The initials were “O.L.”
Later, he also learned that other sets of initials that he had “translated” belonged to
colleagues of Lodges, including several
board members of the spiritualist organization he founded.
Was this Oliver Lodge attempting to
speak to us from the beyond using crop
circles as the “instrument” of communication? Lodge had stated emphatically
throughout his life that he would communicate with the world after his death. Are
the “O.L.” initials his? And if so, what is
Lodge trying to tell us?

4.9 Government Satellites
Another theory that has been mentioned lately, and which has not been conclusively disproved, is that government
satellites-high-tech satellites in orbit all
around the world, launched by many governments-are projecting an energy that
constructs crop patterns.
Personally, I do not believe that governments are involved with the phenomena for one very simple reason: the crop
circles phenomenon pre-dates airborne
technology by centuries. Crop formations
were here long before man invented the
satellite.
Let’s put aside the anachronistic problems with this theory for a moment, though.
The notion of governments deliberately
beaming some kind of energy ray into cereal crop fields to create complex geometric patterns begs the question, “Why?”
What could a government gain from such
an exercise?
• Would it provide a strategic edge
in global politics? No.
• Would it provide some type of
military advantage? No.
• Would there be economic benefits
to be gained? No.
Would crop circles and the resulting discussions and investigations further some
long-range plan of one or more governments
that warranted the time and expense to create them? Possibly, but if this is the case, there
haven’t been any stunning revelations that
would support this theory. If “governmentmade” crop circles ultimately convinced a
population that money should be spent to defend it from some unknown extraterrestrial
threat, then conceivably such a plan could be
underway, but thus far, my conclusion is that
this theory is nothing but conspiracy-tinged
speculation with no evidence whatsoever to
support it.

4.10 Snow Circles and Ice Rings
Snow circles and ice rings, both of
which are quite rare, have been discovered
in the mountains of Turkey and Afghanistan, in Canada and Germany, and in the
United States on the frozen Charles River
outside the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
Snow circles manifest visual similarities to crop circles, except that instead of
plants bending over and forming a geometry, snow or ice is displaced to form a recognizable geometric pattern.
One of the most complex ice rings to
date is the aforementioned design on the
Charles River. The river froze, and a thin
layer of snow covered the ice.
MIT Professor John C. Marshall,
quoted in the February 24, 1993, issue of
the MIT publication Tech Talk, stated,
“One of us ventured onto the ice and...in
the bitter cold we started speculating
about what was happening. These speculations included: frozen-in eddies
spawned by the sluggish flow of the
Charles over the bottom, point sources
of effluence issuing from submerged
pipes, wind driven patterns akin to the
‘crop-circle’ phenomenon common in the
summer in Wiltshire, England...”
These theories notwithstanding, many
of us believe that the ice rings on the
Charles River were part of the same phenomenon as the crop circles. Other than
the “wind-driven” component of his speculation, two of Dr. Marshall’s theories involve the movement of the river. In
February 2001, a perfect ice ring formed
on a small pond near Churchill, Maryland.
The formation measured approximately 30
feet across and consisted of a ring with a
spur extending from its outer edge. Apparently, this design was very similar to a pictogram which appeared in a barley field in
Hampshire, England in 1987.
In 1998, several ice rings and snow
circles appeared and were photographed
in Germany, and the photos show quite
clearly that the circles are in an expanse
of virgin snow, in that a footprint would be
quite visible.

4.11 Crop Circles and Cattle Mutilations: Is There a Connection?
Some of the more speculative (and,
truth be told, imaginative) members of the
UFO and crop circle communities have
suggested that there may be a connection
between the appearance of crop circles and
the mysterious cattle mutilations that occur on some farmers’ land.
I would like to state unequivocally for
the record that I do not believe there is even
the remotest link between the two phenomena. In fact, I think they are diametrically
opposed to each other, in both purpose and
in energies utilized.
In all my years of research, I have come
across only one incident in which the mutilated carcass of a cow was found on a
farmer’s land in proximity to a crop circle.
I myself have personally investigated firsthand over 2,500 crop formations and have
never come across a cattle mutilation.
In the case I am referring to, a farmer
in the United States reported that one of his
cows had been eviscerated in the manner
most often associated with the phenomena
(and most often credited to UFOs): its blood
had been removed, there were well-defined,
surgical incisions that were done with high
heat, believed to be a laser, and the cow’s
internal organs had been removed all the
way down to their nerve attachments.
There was a single crop circle nearby, within
a hundred feet or so, but the carcass was
not in the circle itself.
I consider this single event-out of a
reported 10,000 crop formations around
the world-to be nothing but a coincidence and totally unrelated to the crop
circle phenomenon. As I said earlier, the
energies are quite at odds with each other.
The forces behind cattle mutilations are
dangerous, harmful, and callous towards
life. The crop circles are pastoral, benign,
and beautiful.
I refuse to consider that the two could
in anyway be linked.

Notes
1 V. I. Vernadsky. La Biosphere.
2 www.gaianet.fsbusiness.co.uk/gaiatheory.html
3 United States Geological Survey

This unusual and impressive crop geometry was found by a farmer near Collingbourne Ducis,
Wiltshire during the summer of 2000. It was in an area new to crop circles.


===============================================================
Chapter 5. Location, Location, Location: A Crop Circle Gazetteer

5.1 Crop Rotation
A great many countries on Earth report the appearance of crop circles.
There is one exception, however:
the countries of South Africa. There are
no reports of crop formations from that
country. It is not known if this is because
of governmental and media censorship, or
the actual dearth of crop manifestations.
Crop circles are reported in just about
every other country, including Russia, the
whole of Europe, North and South
America, Canada, Australia, New
Zealand, and elsewhere.
In many cases, though, the reports
come to us too late for any meaningful research to be done. Often, by the time we
hear of a crop formation in a distant country, it has already been plowed under. This
is unfortunate, but I am encouraged by the
Until we accept the fact that life itself is founded in mystery,
we shall learn nothing.
-Henry Miller
improvements in the reporting system that
have been occurring of late. The Internet
has been a huge influence in rapid dissemination of new information, and television continues to be a valuable tool. It
has been, overall, a slow process, but I
am optimistic for the future of the “reporting” network.
A new and growing awareness of the
phenomenon is reaching even distant
places these days thanks, in part, to American television shows such as Unsolved
Mysteries, which are syndicated all over
the world.
This geographic distribution speaks
volumes regarding the claims of hoaxers.
No less a luminary than the United
Kingdom’s scientific adviser to the Queen
commented that in order for all the crop
formations found around the world to have
been hoaxed, there would need to be a
highly organized, well-funded, worldwide
conspiracy, and there are, quite frankly,
very few in either camp-believers or
skeptics-who would accept such a farfetched notion.
Let us play devil’s advocate, however,
and stipulate that a worldwide plot to create crop circles does exist. This suggests
one simple question: What’s the point?
What would be the point of such an effort? Until the global hoaxers step forth
and provide a rational answer to that question, logic tells us that such a theory is
balderdash.
•••
This gazetteer provides details on dozens of countries around the world where
crop circles have appeared in the past several decades. There are over 3,200 crop
circles accounted for here and this total
comprises the documented formations in
the Circles Phenomenon Research International (CPRI) database. The actual worldwide total of crop formations is believed
to be approximately triple this number.
Sometimes I feel that the earth is a
canvas on which the crop circle authors
are painting their signs of warning. The
regular appearance of crop circles all over
the world would seem to substantiate this
notion.
(NOTE: The countries are listed in
descending order of appearances.)
5.2 England
1,784 recorded crop formations
The vast majority of reports in England
come from a circular area extending 40
miles out from its center point at
Stonehenge. Every year, from late April
until early September, circles are reported,
and as many as 15 in a single day have
been discovered. During the early 1960s
through around 1978, only single circles
appeared. In 1978, the first quintuplet set
was found, and during 1986, the first circles
with rings were discovered.
From May 1990 through today, complex patterns are routinely found. As
might be expected, a high level of hoaxing is also commonplace in England, although it is unlikely that crop circle
counterfeiters could account for the vast
array of formations.
5.3 United States of America
228 recorded crop formations
The first reports of crop circles in the
United States that made the official database came from farmers who watched a
1989 broadcast of Unsolved Mysteries, the
first in-depth television coverage of the
mystery in United States.
Subsequent research has uncovered
single circles and single rings across the
United States from 1952 through 1989. The
first complex design appeared in 1990, the
same year as such a pattern appeared in
the United Kingdom. Most of the complex
patterns in America tend to be sloppy and
irregular, and are likely manmade.
That said, however, a genuine crop
formation appeared in Lyle Spiesschaert’s
wheat field in Forest Grove, Oregon during the summer of 2002. The formation
consisted of three connected circles
topped by a crescent with an attached
key-shape appendage. Biophysicist William Levengood investigated the formation and concluded that it was genuine.
In an interview with Lisa Waggoner in
the Hillsboro Argus, Levengood ticked
off the evidence for authenticity:
• Magnetic particle deposits higher
than the average of the controls
(control areas). Soil within the circle
had over 90 times the upper limit
found in normal soil.

• (Wheat) node expansions greater
than average of control sets. Of 44
formation sets of wheat stalks, 36
had greater node expansions.
• A strong resemblance between its
F-shaped downed area and wave
guides, constructed metal tubes
used to efficiently direct microwaves or ultra-high frequency
energy.
• Linear lay patterns in the F-shaped
area, rather than circular lay patterns as within the circular formation.
• Significantly suppressed seed germination from plants taken from
within the crop circle, compared to
plants outside it.
Some media skeptics in the area suspected the formation had been made in
conjunction with the release of the movie
Signs, but Levengood’s findings put the
suspicions and hoaxer’s claims to rest.
5.4 Canada
135 recorded crop formations
Crop circles in Canada have generally
evolved similarly to those in the United
Kingdom, with simple circles and rings
appearing back in the 1950s, and the first
complex design appearing in 1989.
Several dead porcupines have been discovered in Canadian crop circles. Manitoba,
Saskatchewan, and Alberta are the hot
spots and, in most years, there are reports
from these provinces.
5.5 Germany
105 recorded crop formations
There are very few reports from Germany of simple circles, and that is unusual.
Most of the reports are of complex designs.
The very first report of a crop circle in
Germany did not come until 1990, and that
was a simple circle. In 1998, Germany’s
peak year for crop circles, more than 25
formations appeared over a period of several months.
Close-up of an insect “melted” onto a stalk from a crop circle plant.

The most famous-and the strangest-
crop circle report coming out of Germany
told of three metallic plates found by a man
with a metal detector under a large complex crop pattern near the small town of
Grasdorf. The gold, silver, and bronze plates
were approximately 12 inches in diameter
and one inch thick and on the top of each
plate, the design of the crop pattern beneath
which they were found was molded into the
metal. The pictogram included symbols that
came from German antiquity. Was it all an
elaborate hoax? Or were the plates somehow connected to the appearance of the crop
formation? I myself held two of the plates in
my hand and they were unquestionably authentic. The gold plate was melted down
before further research into the engraving
on their surfaces could be undertaken.
5.6 Australia
71 recorded crop formations
Some of the earliest reports of crop
circles in Australia came during 1966, and
most were associated with official UFO
eyewitness reports. In fact, many of the
crop circles reported during this period
were described as “saucer nests,” since
many in Australia believed they were evidence of UFO landing sites.
Since those first reports, many simple
circles have been found, but not one complex pattern has ever appeared in the country, and that is unusual.
In contrast, the largest manmade crop
design ever constructed is in an Australian
desert. It is called the Marree Man (See
pattern No. T691 in the Andrews Catalogue in this volume); it is two and a half
miles wide; and it is visible from outer
space. (This design joined the short list of
manmade structures visible from orbit. The
Great Wall of China is on this list.)
In 1971, a former Member of the Australian Parliament discovered the body of
his missing son next to a crop ring at
Tellebang, Queensland.
There is a very high level of UFO reports
associated with crop circles in Australia.
5.7 The Netherlands
62 recorded crop formations
In 1997, two intricate crop patterns
appeared in the Netherlands, followed
within weeks by another 22 reports of formations. There have been fewer reports in
recent years. A very active location is
Hoeven, Noord-Brabant.
5.8 Hungary
23 recorded crop formations
Single circles have been reported almost exclusively in Hungary, except for the
These small crop circles were just a handful
of hundreds filmed across the English
countryside in 1989.

report of a crop triangle in 1992. The peak
year for Hungary was 1992, which was
approximately one year after a flurry of
activity in the United Kingdom.
5.9 Japan
19 recorded crop formations
The first report of a crop circle in Japan occurred in 1977 near Nakanom, and
this formation appeared in a rice paddy.
It was not until 1991, when a formation was discovered in a wheat field, that a
circle appeared in cereal crop.
Several simple circles have been discovered in long grass, but most of the crop
formations in Japan are found in rice paddy
fields.
On one occasion during 1990, two designs appeared adjacent to each other,
making it the most complex formation to
date. The designs consisted of a single
circle and a circle with a concentric ring
around it. Japan’s crop formations are
generally very simple in comparison to those
appearing in many other countries.
The numbers of reported formations
has been falling since 1991, which was
Japan’s peak year. Interest in the subject is
very big in Japan. Numerous in-depth television programs air regularly and cover
developments around the world.
5.10 Wales
15 recorded crop formations
Wales is a principality of the United
Kingdom on the western peninsula of the
island of Great Britain. Even though it is
part of the British mainland, Wales reports
far fewer crop circles than in England.
The terrain in Wales is not conducive
to crop circles. The country’s landscape is
strewn with large hills and mountains that
cover much of its geography.
During 1989, an American visitor took
a photograph of a field with two circles in
it from the top of Goodrich Castle. When
the film was developed, there was a strange
blood-red ball on the print very close to
the circles. The ball had not been visible to
the photographer when he snapped the picture. Interestingly, similar “invisible” objects have been seen on photographs taken
in crop circles elsewhere over the years.
5.11 France
13 recorded crop formations
Mostly simple circles have ever been
recorded in France, and the number of reports have been minimal, with the first
stretching back to 1954. A complex pattern, believed to be the first one in the country, was reported in 2002.
Aside from the dearth of formations,
though, there have been some odd crop
circle-related occurrences in France. One
day in 1964, sometime during the early
morning hours, two neighbors witnessed
a single circle forming at St. Souplet. The
circle formed in a back garden and the
two neighbors were awakened by a
strange, very loud sound as a bright light
moved into the garden. Their bedroom
windows were shattered into small pieces
of glass and pulverized powder during this
event. The circle that appeared after the
sound and light was reported to be in a
plot of spinach.
5.12 Scotland
12 recorded crop formations
Most of the crop patterns in Scotland
are believed to be manmade. One particular formation was reported by a man who
claimed to have witnessed it form, and who
later infiltrated the crop circle research
groups and made himself known to me as
a CIA operative. This man’s “eyewitness”
claim is thought to be a cover for his clandestine intelligence activities. The full account of this incident appears on the DVD

Ultimate Crop Circles: Signs from Space
(Central Park Media).
5.13 Switzerland
12 recorded crop formations
Since 1972, there have been sporadic reports of simple circles and designs from different regions in
Switzerland. There were three reports
of formations in 2002, which was the
most reports from Switzerland in a
single year. No complex designs have
been reported.
5.14 Czech Republic
11 recorded crop formations
It was not until August 1994 that the
first crop formation in the Czech Republic
was reported. Over the next two years,
there were another half a dozen reports
with increasing regularity, until the number
of reported formations peaked at 16 separate patterns and simple circles during 1999.
There has been a steady decline since that
year. The largest formation to be reported
was 315 feet long (96 meters), at Nemilkov
on July 28,1996.
5.15 Austria
8 recorded crop formations
There have been very few discoveries
of crop formation in Austria, but the ones
that have been reported were very similar
to the designs found in England. Several
simple patterns have actually been identical to British formations, with a similar
quality of precision.
5.16 Italy
8 recorded crop formations
Only simple circles and single rings
have been discovered in Italy. Most of
these were reported during the 1980s
and there has been no trend towards
evolving complexity, and no reported
hoaxing.
5.17 New Zealand
7 recorded crop formations
All of the New Zealand formations
are almost certainly manmade. A very
complex fractal design was made by English artists for an NBC television documentary during 1998. Also, Japan’s
Nippon Television flew Englishman
Matthew Williams to New Zealand with
a small team in February 2002 to make
two patterns.
The reason manmade patterns are so
popular in New Zealand is because of
their growing season: cereal crops are
available in the country during the northern hemisphere’s winter.
Shortly after I appeared on Australian television talking about crop circles,
a farmer reported two new crop rings in
his wheat field.
Only a handful of simple circles remain unexplained and unattributed.
5.18 Russia
6 recorded crop formations
There has been a suspiciously small
number of reports for such a vast country,
but most are thought to be real. Again, it is
difficult to know if this is due to censorship or actual dearth of formations.
Luminous spheres, similar to the ones
witnessed in the United Kingdom, have
been reported associated with some of the
crop circles in Russia.
Interestingly, the Russian Army investigated the reported formations and deployed agricultural experts who discovered
that the soil under the flattened plants in
circles had been baked.
Other circles found in the country
have shown no evidence of damage or
tampering.

5.19 Finland
6 recorded crop formations
All discoveries of crop formations in
Finland were made during the period 1996
through 1998, and they were all intricate
and impressive geometries. There have
been no reports in recent years.
5.20 Israel
6 recorded crop formations
For three years, from 1997 through
1999, simple circles and geometric shapes
appeared in the Jezreel Valley in southern
Galilee [near Nazareth].
The first report of a crop circle in Israel
came in 1997, and it was accompanied by a
UFO sighting. Biophysicist William Levengood
analyzed plants from the Israel circle and
concluded that the changes he found could
not have been the result of a hoax.
5.21 Poland
5 recorded crop formations
The only reports of crop circles in Poland have come in the last few years. The
formations reported are mostly simple,
well-formed circles, with no damage of any
kind.
A complex pattern that looked like a
flower was found in wheat at Wylatowo
Village near Mogilno during July 2002.
All of Poland’s crop circles have appeared in cereal crops.
5.22 Brazil
5 recorded crop formations
All Brazilian crop formations are
simple designs and appeared in grass and
corn.
The most complex pattern seen was a
quintuplet set-a traditional Celtic Cross-
which was found in long grass during the
summer of 1996 near the capital city of
Brasilia.
There have been no reports coming out
of Brazil since 1997.

5.23 Mexico
5 recorded crop formations
The first report of a crop circle in
Mexico dates from 1954, and was of a
single circle.
During 1993, two intricate designs
appeared in long grass, a few miles apart,
in the state of Hidalgo. One of these patterns was accompanied by a strange sound
heard by witnesses on the night it formed.

5.24 India
4 recorded crop formations; 800 possible
unreported formations
There have been only four reports of
crop circles from India that have detailed
sketches accompanying them.
These circles were reported to me by
a scientist with the Indian government, who
said that “huge designs” had been photographed on the prime minister’s land and
in other parts of India. This gentleman also
claimed that approximately 800 other patterns of which he had direct knowledge had
appeared across the country.
This “800 patterns” quote was cited
recently by M. Night Shyamalan during
interviews in which he talked about writing the script of his blockbuster movie,
Signs.
This scientist also told me that the same
patterns that had appeared in wheat fields
had also appeared in black soot on ceilings in some residences in the area, always
following a religious ceremony.
5.25 Sweden
4 recorded crop formations
In 1946, there were several reports in
Sweden of single crop circles. The first
report was of a 40-foot diameter circle that
came from Angelholm, Sweden during
May, 1946.
One circle was discovered during
2002.

5.26 Ireland
4 recorded crop formations
There have been only four reports of
crop circles from the Emerald Isle.
Following one of my radio interviews
in Ireland, an Irish farmer rang me up to
report that during 1989, he found four
circles forming a square in a remote wheat
field on his land.
The rivalry between the English and
the Irish-often marked by humorous insults flung by both sides-caused much to
be made by the English observers who
crowed that only in Ireland could crop
“circles” make a square!
5.27 Yugoslavia
3 recorded crop formations
Crop circles have been reported in
Yugoslavia only during the last two years,
and each pattern has been intricate. One
of them was the familiar “Celtic Cross”
design.
5.28 China
2 recorded crop formations; possibly
several hundred unreported formations
One of the two reported crop circles in
China was witnessed during the decade of
the country’s failed “cultural revolution”-
1966 through 1967-when reporting or
discussing such superstitious and possibly
paranormal things as crop circles was not
only discouraged, it was illegal.
According to Zhang Hui, research fellow of the Xinjiang Museum in Urumqi, an
eyewitness saw the second circle form in a
very short period of time. This eyewitness
was in the company of China’s Red Guard
in Northeast China when it took place.
Hui believes that many of the ancient
stone circles in China are permanent markings of old crop circles. This theory is also
held by many regarding Stonehenge and
other circular archaeological sites in England.
5.29 Other Countries
The following countries have reported
crop circles:

NUMBER OF COUNTRY REPORTED CIRCLES
Argentina 2
Croatia 2
Denmark 2
Peru 2
Romania 2
Siberia 2
Slovakia 2
Spain 2
Turkey 2
Afghanistan 1
Bulgaria 1
Chile 1
Egypt 1
Isle-Of-Man 1
Lithuania 1
Luxembourg 1
Malaysia 1
Nigeria 1
Norway 1
Sardinia 1
Tasmania 1
Ukraine 1
Uruguay 1


==============================================
Part III.Stonehenge


Madison Square Garden: Insecurity

Hundreds of crop circles had been
appearing in the English landscape
when the matter was finally taken
to the British government. Crop circles were
appearing not only in
the public areas,
they were appearing in the secret military areas as well.
They were appearing on Salisbury
Plain, which is an
exclusion zone. No
one is permitted to
fly over it, let alone
drive through it. The
area is surveyed
from the air with satellites and constantly monitored
at ground level for This unique cluster of rings within a ringed circle appeared near
Hungerford, Berkshire, England in 1994.
intruders. It’s a very secure area, yet crop
circles are appearing inside these secure
areas.


==================================================
Chapter 6. The Stonehenge Julia Set

Out of Nowhere?

One of the most compelling and important moments in crop circle history was the sudden appearance of
an incredible formation-a “Julia Set”-
in a field across the road from Stonehenge
in a span of less than one hour.
There has been controversy about the
Julia Set since the moment it appeared in
1996. Naysayers have come forward and
claimed to know the hoaxers who made this
extraordinary formation. However, they do
not name names or provide evidence, thus
destroying their credibility. Also, many of
their claims have been repudiated by the
facts.
One of the most convincing arguments
for the Julia Set’s authenticity is that honest, respectable people have attested to its
almost instantaneous appearance. These are
credible people telling of incredible things.
Nowhere is this more evident than in the
accounts provided by people who would
have nothing to gain, and a great deal to
lose, by making up such a story.
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams
-Francois Rodin
A “Julia Set” is, by definition, a pattern created using fractal geometry.
Fractal geometry is a component of the
relatively recent field of chaos theory
which, put simply, is the theory that states
that order can be found in randomness
(early 1960s).
A fractal is a geometric pattern that is
repeated at ever smaller scales to produce
irregular shapes and surfaces that cannot
be represented by classical geometry.
The Julia Set crop formation begins
with a circle, spirals away from that center circle with smaller circles that grow
in size, until peaking as a large circle, and
then spiraling down with shrinking
circles. Tiny “moon” circles orbit each of
the circles in the set. The shape of the Julia
formation mimics the spiral created by the
Golden Mean in nature.
A Julia Set can be mapped upwards
and downwards to infinity. It is a complex
pattern that is visibly awe-inspiring. But
is it real?

The story of its discovery is simple. A pilot flew
over the field at 5:15 p.m.
on his way to Stonehenge.
With him was a doctor who
had chartered the flight to
take pictures of the ancient
archaeological site. Neither
of the men saw anything
in the field below them as
they flew over it at 5:15.
Sometime around 6 p.m.,
they flew over the same
field on their way back to
the airport and there it was.
An enormous crop formation had seemingly appeared
in a span of 45 minutes or
less. By 6:15, the police
were receiving calls about
the formation because of the
great number of people
stopping on the fast, dangerous road adjacent to the field
to look at the formation.
The cynics claim that
the formation was already
in the field, that it had been
created the previous night, and that no
one saw it until 6 p.m. the following day.
When challenged on their contention
that an entire day went by and no one on
the road next to the field saw the massive formation, they say it was because
the field slopes down and it is difficult to
see from the road into the “bowl” created by the inclined ground without a person getting out of their car. According to
their claim, the formation was created
clandestinely and undetected in the area
near Stonehenge, which is monitored
around the clock by security guards. They
also claim that the 600-foot crop design
was made in a mere few hours, absolutely perfectly, and on the first try.
There are solid responses to these allegations, and I will go through them one at
a time.

1. The Julia Set was clearly visible
from the highway next to the field
and a person did not have to leave
their car, walk to the edge of the
road, and look down into the field
to see it. The local police did not
have any notice of the formation
until minutes after 6:00 p.m. on that
day, the first call coming in to them
within minutes of the doctor and
the pilot seeing it. It is farfetched
to believe that an entire day went
by without anyone seeing the
enormous formation-including the
farmer who owned and worked the
fields.

The Julia Set seen in proximity to Stonehenge (1996).

2. The Stonehenge site, which is across
the road from the field where the
Julia Set appeared, is guarded 24-
hours-a-day by a team of at least
three, and often, four professional
security guards. These guards can
see the field from the patrolled, elevated ground on the northern side
of the Stonehenge standing stones,
but they did not see the pattern until after 6 p.m. on the day it appeared. I personally spoke to all of
the guards who were on duty that
day and they confirmed that there
had been nothing in the field until
after 6 p.m. that day.
3. The British Ministry of Defense controls the airspace over Stonehenge
and also monitors all aircraft takeoffs and landings from the nearby topsecret airfield Boscombe Down.
Officials from the Ministry of Defense confirmed to me that the first
report of the pattern was made after
6:30 p.m. that day.
4. David Probert, a professional surveying engineer who investigated
and surveyed the site at my request,
used the very latest infrared locating and layout equipment to measure and evaluate the Julia Set
formation. He assured me that it
would have taken him approximately two full days to lay out the
design as found in the field. It took
one full day in the field for us to
simply enter each circle position and
draw it using his equipment.
5. The pilot and doctor’s report supports the reports of many eyewitness who have witnessed formations
form in very short periods of time,
some form as briefly as 10 to 15
seconds.
6. The central circle of the Julia Set
is directly aligned with the circle
that is formed by the Stonehenge
formation, and this invisible line
passing through the crop formation
and Stonehenge is aligned with
magnetic north, the earth’s magnetic pole. The placement of the
Julia Set is so specific that if there
had even been a slight rotation of
the formation while it was being
formed, then the line to magnetic
north would have been misaligned.
It seems unlikely that this meticulous alignment was purely coincidental, and equally unlikely that
hoaxers went to the trouble of making and executing the specific calculations necessary to achieve such
an alignment.
 On a related note, it has been
shown that psychics have been able
to “sense” the magnetic alignment of
the earth and the Julia Set formation
simply by looking at photos of the design. These experiments were conducted at the Institute of Resonant
Therapy in Capenburg, Germany.
The results could not be duplicated
with photos of hoaxed formations.
These experiments were filmed and
personally witnessed by myself and
my wife Synthia.

7. The pilot and the doctor are both adamant in their belief that if the Julia
Set had been in the field when they
first flew over it, they would have
undoubtedly seen it. Both men were
looking down from the aircraft at
Stonehenge and the fields around it,
and the aircraft flew several circuits
directly above the field. The Julia
Set pattern was enormous: It measured 600 feet across. Not seeing it
would be comparable to flying into
New York City and not noticing the
skyscrapers.

8. Biophysicist William Levengood discovered biophysical changes at the
cellular level inside the plants from
the Julia Set formation, which he believes could not be caused by hoaxing. An independent analysis at the
Springborn Agricultural Laboratories
in Massachusetts discovered a fivefold reduction of the pesticide levels within plants from the Julia Set.
Both of these results are utterly inconsistent with plants that have
been flattened by human feet or
wooden boards.
The Julia Set is a conundrum of anomalies and mysteries, and the formation
seemed to possess some type of energy information that was used, in several cases,
to great environmental benefit.
At the time the Julia Set appeared, Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev was trying to find ways to reduce the consequences
of acid rain on trees and vegetation in the
Soviet Union. A friend of Gorbachev’s was
working with the Institute of Resonant
Therapy in Germany. He designed an experiment in which the orgone energy of the
Julia Set was quantified, and then generated at specific resonant frequencies on
plant life in the Soviet Union.
 The people conducting this experiment
recorded leaf counts before the orgone application and after, and there was noticeable improvement in the growth and health
of the tested plants. This process has since
been applied to troubled plant life in other
countries with the same positive results.
The conclusion we have drawn from
this development is that the geometry of
the Julia Set formation contains specific
bioenvironmental information that can be
read and then used to improve the health
of vegetation anywhere in the world.
It is quite possible that authentic crop
circles are part of an interconnected network of biological “machines” whose sole
purpose is to support the life forms of
planet Earth. It is also possible that
manmade designs which accidentally contain certain essential ratios and alignments
may also create measurable effects. We can
see here a potentially important discovery
that has come out of this single event.

=====================================================
Chapter 7. Stonehenge: A Coincidental Discovery

From the Circles Phenomenon
Research International Newsletter
(Vol. 5, No. 1, Spring/Summer 1996)
In this fascinating article from his now
defunct CPRI newsletter, Colin
Andrews discusses an odd stone he was
“summoned” to find close to Stonehenge,
and how, later, a never-published glyph on
one of the henge’s standing stones seemed
to connect to the mysterious rock.
•••
During the early years of crop circle
research, Pat Delgado, Terence Meaden,
Busty Taylor, and myself were in daily contact and flew weekly over the area of
Stonehenge. We were, of course, searching for and photographing the crop circles
which were found predominantly in this
area. Busty Taylor, the regular pilot of our
aircraft, had a near fixation about
Stonehenge, always commenting that the
simple crop circles which were appearing
at that time resembled it and even seemed
to compare favorably in size.
To test these observations, I spent the
winter of 1987 scaling the existing crop
circle patterns to the official floor plan of
Stonehenge supplied by English Heritage,
the keepers of the site. I discovered that,
indeed, there were striking similarities.
The dimensions of most of the single
circles fit snugly into the inner horseshoe
of the henge and, when crop circles appeared with single and double rings, they
fit within the inner and outer edges of the
first ring of stones. All of these fits were to
an accuracy of just a few centimeters. This
very famous archaeological site is the center of crop circle activity, as over 95 percent of the known worldwide formations
have been discovered within a 40-mile radius of these formidable monolithic stones.
In 1996, Stonehenge once again took
center stage, both with the proximity of the
most extraordinary formation (T444: see
the Andrews Catalogue in this volume, and
Chapter 6, and with the following discovery I made last year.
Actually, the story starts in 1989 when
film director Michael Grais (director of
Poltergeist II) decided to make a movie for
television about the long series of unexplained security alarm activations in my
home in Andover, England. The film was
called Gateway to the Unknown and was
broadcast throughout the United States
with actors dramatizing my situation.
When making the film, Michael arrived with American psychic Sharon
Gayle, who was his friend and assistant.
While filming an interview with me in a
huge “dolphin” formation (see T122 in
the Andrews Catalogue) at Lockeridge,
near Alton Barnes, Sharon suddenly
broke into the filming and said, “Colin,
they are telling me to ask you to pick up
your stone.” The filming was stopped, the
director looked annoyed but agreed, and
I, in confusion, looked down around my
feet at the hundreds of flint stones particular to southern England. I did notice
one that seemed slightly different to the
rest, a little to my right. I bent down to
pick it up and found it was embedded and
weathered firmly into the soil. I had to
pry it from the ground with both hands.
The surface I could see was round and
smooth but when I pried it out and
brushed the soil off, I saw something
quite different. The stone was a beautiful blue found inside broken flint but I
could not believe my eyes. I noticed a
horseshoe arrangement of white rectangular markings within the blue which
looked nearly identical to the rock placement of Stonehenge. I immediately said,
“My God! It’s Stonehenge!”
I have stared at this stone on many occasions as it sits in my office, and I have studied
all aspects of it. The stone has two white
A graphic illustration of the stone Colin Andrews was told psychically to pick up near Stonehenge.
The underside of the stone (right) shows an image of Stonehenge’s standing stones.
spheres on it, one positioned at
the center of the open end of
the horseshoe. (In Stonehenge
this area is positioned to the
summer solstice sunrise and locates the famous heel stone.
The second sphere was positioned about 210 degrees
around the horseshoe.
In July of 1995, I was
asked to visit Stonehenge
with a group of researchers
from the United States who
had arranged to tour the crop
circle sites and Stonehenge
with Joyce Murphy from
Beyond Boundaries. My job
was to update the group with
the latest crop circle discoveries and research progress as the group
spent some quality moments inside the henge
with the special permission of English Heritage. It was evening, around 11 p.m., and
the sun had set. As the group stood around
listening to my update, a member accidentally touched the button on their flashlight
and cast a beam of light at an angle across
one of the stones. Perhaps because I have
become so attuned to looking at glyphs over
the past years, as the light momentarily struck
the rock, I saw a petroglyph. I asked that
the light be put back on and there was indeed a glyph worn into the old stone, looking
every bit as old as the site itself. I knew that
some glyphs had been discovered on the
rocks at Stonehenge and asked Stuart
Conway, a journalist and photographer from
the Glasgow Herald in Scotland, to take a
photograph so we could compare it to the
record.
Immediately on my return to the United
States at the end of the summer, I sent the
photograph and placement to Professor
Gerald Hawkins, author of Stonehenge
Decoded, who knows every surface of
rock personally, not only through his research, but because he has also painted
each one. Gerald was adamant that the
glyph had never before been published. I
have spent many weeks this summer with
English Heritage and they also agree that
this is a new discovery, probably only seen
this time due to the angle of the light that
hit it.
Will you be surprised to hear that the stone
the glyph is carved on is at the same placement in the Stonehenge arrangement (210
degrees around the horseshoe from the heel
stone) as the second white sphere on my rock?
•••
A final word: On the night of July 14,
I went with a group of people to
Stonehenge to officially declare the finding with photographs, measurements, and
a ceremony. Later that night my car was
broken into and, at some point, the film
from my camera was removed. This
seemed odd. Since there was plenty of
additional photographic evidence of the
evening, why remove my film?
Since this story was published by CPR
International, several sources have claimed
that the glyph Colin discovered had been
previously reported and noted by English
Heritage. No official record has yet been
provided to support these claims.
This Triple Julia Set formed shortly after the amazing Julia Set
near Stonehenge in 1996. Each circle displayed a different
swirl detail. The pattern was over 120 meters across.


======================================================
Chapter 8. An Interview With Busty Taylor

Busty Taylor is a pilot who regularly
flies his light aircraft over the fields
of England looking for new crop
circles. In 1985, he discovered a set of five
crop circles forming a Celtic Cross south
of his home, which started him on the long
road of crop circle investigation. Taylor has
worked with Pat Delgado, Terence Meaden,
Colin Andrews, and others. In the 1980s,
he was part of the first research team to
undertake investigation of the crop circle
mystery. In this interview, Busty shares his
thoughts concerning the crop circle enigma.
•••
Q In 1985, you saw your first crop
 circles while flying over a field in
your small plane. What were your thoughts
when you saw the formation?
A I knew that I had seen this before, but
 could not remember where. A few
days later there was a meeting in New
Alresford with Pat Delgado, Omar Fowler,
Paul Fuller, and Martin Pain, a local farmer,
who pointed out that the crop design I had
seen and photographed was a Celtic Cross.
That was when I remembered where I had
seen the symbol before: in the local churchyards on tombstones.
Q What was the strongest evidence in
 those early days that convinced you
that these strange patterns in the fields were
worth further study?
A The plants had no damage that I could
 see, plus the stalks were bent-not
broken-90 degrees at the base. In blackand-white photos, you could see a distinct
contrast difference between the design and
the other crops. Also, I could not find any
human tracks into the formation from any
direction.
Q Was there a particular crop forma-
 tion that convinced you that the trend
of hoaxing had begun and that manmade
circles would be part of the scene from
then on?
A In 1987, I flew over the Cheesefoot
 Head to take some photos of an authentic ringed circle, and then I flew back
to Thruxton. I subsequently drove back to
the field I had just flown over and discovered that a small ringed circle had turned
up within that last hour. This circle, when
viewed from the edge of the field through
binoculars, looked very rough compared
to the genuine one I had just photographed,
and it had irregular edges. I immediately
thought it was a fake and, from that point
on, it would be important to differentiate between the real and the counterfeit
formations.
Q What have you personally seen that
 convinces you that a real phenomenon exists?
A Over the last 17 years, I have been
 lucky enough to get into some crop
circles very early after their formation,
before they have been contaminated by
other people. I have seen formations meticulously laid out without any sign of human intervention, and I have seen oil-seed
rape stalks with perfect 90-degree bends.
One particularly memorable incident
occurred at Headbourne Worthy, where we
found a counterclockwise circle with a
strange weave inside it. As soon as I saw
it, I made a comment into the video camera, remarking on the complexity of the
weave on the ground. It was only later
when we saw the crop circle from the air
that we noticed that the main lay of the
circle itself had a clockwise spiral to it. The
swirl of the overall pattern was in one direction, but on the ground, the weave was
in the opposite, and was an extremely complex plait. To my mind, this was very compelling evidence of some unknown
phenomenon.
Q During your research, have you wit-
 nessed any specific physical or mental effects on people that have visited crop
circles?
A Yes. I have seen people become elated
 on entering a formation, and I have
personally taken a man into the 1989 Winterbourne Stoke Swastika. He claims that
his chronic bad back was healed permanently after visiting the crop circle. According to this man, after he left the formation
and began driving away from the site towards London, his back got hotter and hotter and then suddenly his back pain stopped
for good, and never returned. Interestingly,
sometimes the circles seem to stimulate uncommonly authoritative attitudes in people.
I have heard people report that a sense of
power came over them after they visited
a circle, and I have witnessed some
people’s attitude towards others become
very domineering.
Q What do you think the crop circle
 phenomenon is all about?
A I think it may be a form of communi-
 cation, as many of the early circles
were representations of Celtic symbols that
have been used throughout history. Perhaps
these symbols were also found in the crops
thousands of years ago.
Q In your opinion, what research still
 needs to be carried out, and how
do you think it will advance our knowledge and understanding of the crop circle
phenomenon?
A In a nutshell, I think we all need to
 work together. Crop circle researchers should make a concerted effort to develop a program of structured research that
could then be reviewed and collated. At the
moment, people are off doing their own
thing, and many are carrying out research
which somebody else might also be doing
without realizing it. If we could organize,
we might move much faster with the research and more quickly discover an answer to what this is all about.
Q Have the crop circle counterfeiters
 taught us anything?
A Yes, they have taught us that man
 has the ability to replicate what he sees
in nature. This might be what happened
thousands of years ago. Man might have
duplicated the early crop circle designs and
used the patterns in artwork and at archaeological sites. What we now know as
a Celtic Cross might very well be a copy
of something ancient man saw in the fields.
Some circle counterfeiters claim that they
have witnessed some strange things during their circle making; I think we should
look more deeply into this.
Q Have the crop circles changed your
 life?
A Yes, my life has changed since my
 first circle. The circles have spurred
me to look into the past of all religions and
search for an answer and, in doing so, I
consider myself a much wiser person for
the experience.
In 1986, an elderly couple driving over Stockbridge Downs, near Stockbridge, Hampshire,
England called police after witnessing a large UFO stand on its end over the downs. The
sketch they drew closely resembled this crop pattern which appeared at the same spot on
the downs in 1995.


=====================================================
Part IV. Weird Science

Madison Square Garden: Spiraling Views

From about 500 feet in the air, the spiraling symmetry of crop circles can
clearly be seen. You lift the plants
up, and underneath them are two overlaid
sine waves-out of phase, and breaking
away into the center. Peak trough, peak
trough, and so forth; a highly complex array of patterning, which is found even in
Looking like a cross between a snowflake and a bunch of magnetic dipoles, this complex pattern appeared on the top of an iron age hill fort
called Windmill Hill in Wiltshire, England on July 18, 2002.
the simple circles. The plants do not always spiral, but when they do, it’s like a
radial fireworks air burst, straight out from
the center to the periphery. These plants
are not bent, either. It’s as if they’re made
supple through the phase of formation, and
then hardened up again-and then continue
to grow.


Sounds From the Fields / 103
=======================================================
Chapter 9. Sounds From the Fields

Insects, Birds, or the Circles Themselves?

The Sound of the Circles
One day in June 1987 as I was working in my office, I received a phone
call from a pilot I knew personally,
telling me that he had just seen a crop circle
in a field in Kimpton, Hampshire.
Kimpton is a very small hamlet near
Andover, about five miles from my home
at the time. It is comprised of no more than
two dozen houses in a small rural village
near a private landing strip in Hampshire,
England.
The pilot had seen a crop ring in which
the plants were spiraled in a clockwise direction, and he thought I would want to
know about it. Because I had a great many
hours of personal time owed to me, I decided to leave work and pay a visit to this
formation. When I arrived at the farm, I introduced myself to the farmer and together
we walked out into the field where the crop
ring had appeared. I knew immediately that
Everyone hears only what he understands.
-Jonathan Wolfgang von Goethe
it was an authentic manifestation and I requested, and was granted, permission to
return the following day with my colleagues for further investigation.
I assembled a team of scientists, engineers and other interested parties-including Dr. Terence Meaden and Pat
Delgado-and we went back to the
farmer’s field the next day and performed
our standard investigative routine. We
measured for radiation with a Geiger
counter. We took a great many physical
measurements, we took soil and plant
samples. We used a compass to determine
the magnetic orientation and alignment of
the plants.
Upon conclusion of our research, we
all left the field and, because it was nearing the end of the workday, we returned to
our respective homes.
Later that day, towards early evening,
I was going through my notes at home and

I realized that in order to be completely thorough, I needed to take a few more measurements of the crop circle, some of which
I felt could be quite useful.
I decided to return to the field. This
time, I decided not to bother the farmer
after his day of labor. He had, after all,
given me permission to enter his land, and
I was certain he would not object to a
follow-up visit.
I drove to Kimpton, and I parked my
car on the side of the highway out of the
line of traffic. I stepped out of the car and I
paused for a moment to look at the setting
sun. The smell of growing wheat was carried to me on a slight breeze that also bore
the gentle smell of heather as it wafted
across the fields. I walked slowly towards
a small church, and I was quite conscious
of how relaxed I was, and I was also aware
of how little fear I felt.
I was returning to a field where a crop
ring had appeared that afternoon, and
which I and my colleagues had already
measured and photographed. I was back
because something had occurred to me
when I was at home and I wanted to take
another measurement. This seemed to be a
very ordinary activity to me.
Behind the church was a small graveyard that dated back at least to the 15th century. The tombstones stood silent and gray
in the gloaming and I was careful not to
trod on the graves as I passed through this
city of the dead. Respect. Very important.
I reached the back of the cemetery and
climbed easily over some low barbed wire,
placed there not to keep out humans, but
to deter nocturnal marauders, such as foxes
and badgers.
As I moved across the field, dusk became dark. It took me a few minutes to
reach the crop ring. As I walked, I distinctly
heard a dog barking in the distance. Aside
from my far-off canine friend, there was
silence in the field. I was quite alone.
When I reached the ring, I walked inside its perimeter and stared at the flattened
barley plants swirling in a clockwise direction. I took my measurement and then
something came over me-an urge, an
impulse, a yearning. Call it what you will,
but the effect was to prod me to do something I had not planned to do. It was a pure,
spontaneous moment, brought on by my
fervid desire to understand.
I turned west, where Stonehenge stood
silent, I put my hands together, and I
prayed.
I did not speak, but in my mind I sent
out the plea, “Please, God, give me a clue
as to what is happening here and help me
understand what this is all about.”
At the precise moment that my prayer
ended-the exact second-I heard an odd
crackling sound from approximately seven
or eight feet in front of me that sounded a
bit like static, but with a more metallic edge
to it. It was an unusual, continuous whirring sound at close to ground level and I
immediately thought it was being made by
some kind of insect. I rejected that straightaway because the sound was too mechanical and much too loud for an insect. As I
listened, the sound got louder and louder. I
flirted with the idea that it was some kind
of rodent, or some other animal, but I also
discarded that theory since, again, the mechanical nature of the sound was quite pronounced. As the volume of the sound rose,
I could feel the air around me begin to
move, and I sensed the hairs on my arms
standing up and I could feel air pulsating
the cheeks of my face.
At this point, I became quite concerned
and, within a very short time, concern had
turned to fear. I thought I recognized the
sound from my work as an electrical engineer. I had heard similar sounds in laboratories in situations where there was a
buildup of high levels of voltage between
an anode and a cathode. Just before there
is a discharge of electricity,
there is a metallic purring
sound, and that was similar
to what I heard that night in
the field.
I say now for the
record, and with the utmost
sincerity, that the prevailing
thought that was running
through my mind as I stood
there listening to that sound,
was that something was
going to materialize in front
of me, there, in the center
of the crop circle. Ultimately, nothing appeared,
but the sound continued. I
am not ashamed to admit
that my fear reached a new
level at that point and I began to look for the quickest way out of the
field.
As I prepared to flee, however, the
sound suddenly stopped-it was as though
a switch had been thrown. And to this day,
I believe that the “switch” was my fear.
As soon as my trepidation and alarm turned
to outright terror, the sound stopped. Did
the consciousness that was responsible for
the crop circle and its attendant sound respond to my panic and turn off the sound
to reassure and comfort me? It did seem
that way to me at the time, and I still believe that there was a deliberate response
from the intelligence that made the circle.
The circles are a gentle, benign presence
on earth. I think the presence of the contrary emotion of fear caused some kind of
reaction and that the purpose of restoring
silence was to bring balance to the situation. The positive energies at the site were
being torn apart by my dread and nature
responded.
I quickly left the circle, and it would be
another year before I would hear that
sound again.
•••
I have thought about that first time
many times since that night in the field, and
the exact moment that my prayer was answered.
It was a straight line for me: I had
prayed for an answer; I received one. It
was, perhaps, more than I could emotionally handle. I became terribly frightened;
the sound of the circle stopped.
Was this all just coincidence? Was it
coincidental that the moment my emotions
changed from relaxed curiosity to abject
terror, the thing that was frightening me
ceased?
Two years later, in July 1989, the BBC
recorded the same crop circle sound. It was
then that I learned that the sound was a
5.2 kilohertz frequency and I now have this
sound on tape and I have played it at many
lectures and conventions. A BBC TV camera was destroyed during the taping. This
event made national headlines in Britain.
Is the sound the sound of the crop
circles? I believe it is, and it was Operation
White Crow that convinced me of its authenticity-and its importance. (Please see Chapter 15 for more on the sound of the circles.)
This formation discovered by Busty Taylor and Colin Andrews
during a reconnaissance flight over Clench Common, Wiltshire
on the 10th of August, 2000.

================================================
Chapter 10. Operation White Crow


The Devil’s Punchbowl
Operation White Crow was the first
crop circle surveillance operation,
and it took place in the “Devil’s
Punchbowl” in Cheesefoot Head, Winchester, in Hampshire, in 1989, one year prior
to Operation Blackbird.
Operation White Crow is significant to
me for several reasons, the most important
being the fact that it was the second time I
heard the odd “crop circle sound” (see
Chapter 9), and also, because of the very
strange things that happened to my friend,
co-author, and fellow researcher, Pat
Delgado.
We had a caravan of vehicles, work stations, and cameras. One evening, some of
us who were directly participating in the
surveillance operation decided to get away
from the main base of operations and walk
100 yards or so away from the bustle.
We all walked off into a single crop
circle, the larger of a formation of two
circles that had appeared in the field next
to the one we were monitoring. There were
seven or eight of us, including psychic Rita
If you wish to upset the law that all crows are black, you mustn’t seek to show
that no crows are; it is enough if you prove one single crow to be white.
-William James
Gould, and we all sat down and tried to
relax. We did not meditate, or attempt to
make contact with the intelligence of the
circles-this was not a séance-but we
were all in a relaxed state of mind.
Suddenly, we all heard a sound from
the east. As we listened, it grew louder and
we could sense it getting closer. It was definitely directional, in that we all could tell
precisely where it was coming from, and
we could follow it as it moved. The sound
then rotated around us, floating around the
circle three or four times, like an auditory
cloud that passed above us in a circle. And
again, it was directional: As it moved in
its orbit around us, we could follow it with
our ears, and if it had been visible, we all
felt we would have been able to track it
from point to point around the circle. First
it was in our left ear, then behind us, then
in our right ear.
We were all responsible adults with
jobs and families, but we were also all open
to the idea of alternate realities and to the
notion that strange things were possible.
Yet, that said, we were all quite frightened
and we huddled together like a bunch of
schoolboys. It truly was a scary moment.
We were in a pitch black field and we had
no idea what this sound was or where it
was coming from.
And then the sound stopped moving.
We could all still hear it, but it froze and
positioned itself in front Pat Delgado and
I. At this time, Pat was very involved in
researching and trying to understand the
phenomenon, as was I. Could the source
of the sound somehow sensed this?
We did not know what to expect next,
and as we waited for something to happen,
suddenly Pat Delgado stood up and began
to walk towards the place in the circle from
where the sound was now emanating. He
walked to the edge of the circle, and he
later told me that he knew that the sound
was no more than three or four feet in front
of him. This was somewhat closer than the
sound was to me when I heard it at
Kimpton.
And then it got really weird.
As Pat stood there at the edge of the
circle, he called out: “Colin, come to me,”
he said. And then, he cupped his left hand
and began to “scoop” in the air at the top
of the plants closest to the sound and push
this energy in my direction.
I walked towards him, and when I
reached him, he continued his odd cupping
and scooping motion across the top of the
plants, pushing the air towards me, specifically towards my solar plexus-he aimed
it straight at the pit of my stomach. I stood
there and went along with this, not knowing how to respond, or what to say. After a
bit, Pat stopped and I backed away. I turned
around, walked back to the group, and sat
down. I was confused and frightened and
knew that something strange was occurring. Pat then started to walk toward us.
When he reached a point about 25 to 30
feet away from us, he stopped in his tracks,
and his head went back as though he were
about to fall backwards.
It was a most extraordinary sight and I
truly did not understand what was going
on. As I stared at this incredible sight, he
then beckoned to me.
Incredibly, his body then leaned back
on a 10- to 15-degree angle. He hung there
suspended, as though he were leaning
against a cushion, or perhaps something
more solid.
At this point, Pat was absolutely terrified. I could see fear in his eyes and he
started shouting to me. “Colin! Come and
hold me up!” I rushed to him and grabbed
both his hands and tried to pull him to an
upright position. I felt great pressure pulling against me, and it was as though Pat
was stuck to glue. I continued to tug at him,
and then suddenly he was free. It felt as
though a bond had snapped and his body
was released from the force that had been
holding him. At the precise moment that
Pat was pulled free, the crop circle sound
stopped.
This was, quite literally, one of the
worst things that had ever happened to me
or Pat.
Upset and shaken, we returned to the
group and sat down, but after only a few
moments, Pat said, “Let’s get the hell out
of here,” and we all left the circle.
The following morning, as we were
working in the base camp of the operation,
a police sergeant drove up. We had obtained
all necessary permissions to conduct the
operation, so the police knew we were
there, and they knew what we were doing.
“Are you aware,” the sergeant asked
us, pointing off in the direction of the sound
from the night before, “that there’s a circle
with a ring on the top of the hill over there?”
We replied that we were not aware
of any new formation and the sergeant
offered to drive us there in the police car.

We gratefully accepted and we sped off
towards the hill he had pointed out.
When we arrived, we were flabbergasted. In the exact direction the sound
seemed to travel to when it left us was a
fresh crop ring. The plants were still popping up, and still moving, as though a powerful hand had pressed them down, and
they were just now springing back up.
I believed then, as I believe now, that
the previous night we had inadvertently
encroached upon the creation of a crop
circle. We had all unwittingly placed ourselves in the middle of a paranormal event.
At one point Rita Gould did attempt to
make contact with the force behind the
sound that we were all hearing, but we do
not know for certain that her efforts made
any difference.
Pat Delgado was caught in the maelstrom that night, and he pulled me into it
with him.
A dumbbell formation appeared mysteriously in full view of surveillance cameras during an
operation set up by engineer Mike Curry and BBC production staff at Blackland, Wiltshire on
June 28, 1991. Mike Curry returned home from this site to find an identical pattern appeared
outside his bedroom window overnight.


============================================
Chapter 11. Hayley's Connection: Crop Circles and Remote Viewing

Note: This is a somewhat abridged
version of an article from the CPRI
newsletter that tells of a drawing
by my teenage niece, Hayley, that was later
seen as a crop circle design in a field near
her home. Please refer to the Andrews
Catalogue in this volume to see images of
the crop formations cited in this article. It
was taken from the Circles Phenomenon
Research International Newsletter, Volume
6, No.1, Spring/Summer 1997.
•••
A reasonable being should ask himself why-if chemicals can enter into plants,
and plants be taken up into animals, and animals be taken into man-why man
himself, who is the peak of visible creation, should be denied the privilege of being
assimilated into a higher power? The rose has no right to say that there is no life
above it and neither has man, who has a vast capacity and unconquerable yearning
for eternal life and truth and love.
-Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen

Remote viewing is a difficult subject
to discuss with many people. Once, during
a lecture in San Francisco, I spoke of the
importance of remote viewing in exploring human potentials. Afterwards, I was approached by a very indignant man who
warned me from getting involved in such a
load of rubbish. I disagreed and we left it
at that. In fact, I have had many events in
my life surrounding the crop circles that
strongly led me into the study of remote
viewing.

Remote viewing is the ability to mentally receive visual and auditory information without being limited by distance or
time. Public research into this area began
in the early 1970s, with much of it being
carried out at Stanford Research Institute
at Palo Alto, California. In 1977, physicists Russell Targ and Harold Putoff published their research (Mind Reach) in
which they described remote viewing as
“the ability...to view, by means of mental
process, remote geographical or technical
targets....”
In another book written by Russell
Targ, with Keith Harary (Mind Race,
1984), the authors quoted from a congressional committee on science and technology, U.S. House of Representatives, 97th
Congress, June 1981:
Recent experiments in remote
viewing and other studies in parapsychology suggest there is an
interconnectedness of the human
mind with other human minds and
matter...The implications of these experiments is that the human mind may
be able to obtain information independent of geography and time.
This is no surprise to those who are
familiar with Rupert Sheldrake and his
theories of morphic fields and resonance
(The New Science of Life and In the
Presence of the Past). Also along this line
is the idea of a “holographic universe”
where the universe is seen as an indivisible whole and every piece of the whole
has intrinsically within itself access to the
whole, much like every cell in our body
contains the DNA that has the blueprint
of the entire body (Michael Talbot, 1991).
Both of these theories are simply new attempts to create a construct within which
supernormal events can be explained, as
Carl Jung did with his theory of the collective unconscious. In any event, there is
strong theoretical support for the process
of remote viewing, even stronger experimental support and, to top it off, great governmental interest in this means of
obtaining information.
Remote viewing impacts the subject of
crop circles in two ways. First, remote
viewing can be, and has been used to, obtain information regarding the construction
and shape of crop circles. Second, theoretically, the process of remote viewing is
reversible. What I mean by that is that if
we can use our minds to see things from a
distance, we can also use our minds to
project things. Additionally, can images be
“remote viewed” into our minds from other
sources?
Accuracy in remote viewing is attained
through rigorous training and practice. A
beginning remote viewer is considered to
have a “hit,” or to have succeeded, if components of the target are seen. They often
will not be seen in mirror image to the actual item. For example, Synthia once gave
me a target of an overhead fan. What I
saw was a propeller with a cone on it. Although not exact, the components were
there and, in this case, they were in the
correct placement. I was not, however, able
to identify what the object was.
It is very interesting that the act of
remote viewing can influence the place
and people being perceived. This is the
case of many people who have had experiences of projecting a mental image of a
pattern and then having it appear in the
fields. The Celtic Cross of Longstock
(1988) was one such incident when I projected the Celtic Cross and asked for it be
placed in the field closest to my home.
The next day it was there as projected
and requested (T8). Another such event
occurred in 1992 when Dr. Steven Greer
and a group of 18 individuals all agreed on
a pattern that they also projected from their
minds. Again, it appeared in the fields the
next day. In both cases, we projected a
meaningful symbol, and it appeared, as if
by an interactive force.
On the 18th of June this year (1997),
when I arrived at my parents’ house in
Andover, in the United Kingdom, to start
the summer’s research, I noticed a beautiful plate next to my parents’ fireplace. The
dish had a powerful symbol in the center
of it. When I asked my parents where they
got the dish, my mother replied that my
niece Hayley had made it for her. I was
very impressed with the professional look
of it, especially for a 13-year-old. But what
was more impressive was the impact of the
symbol. I made a mental note to ask Hayley
where she obtained the symbol.
On the morning of the 19th of June, in
the adjacent field at Longstock where the
Celtic Cross had appeared in 1988, the
farmer discovered an impressive new crop
pattern (T489). He was sure that the pattern was not there the day before as the
area was under surveillance by a group of
bird watchers and the police during the time
of its arrival and for four weeks prior. The
interest in the area was due to a very rare
and endangered bird that had been nesting
nearby. I can vouch for the security myself.
Within moments of parking my car in
the road next to the field, I was approached
by the police and I could see watchers with
binoculars perched in nearby trees. They had
seen nothing in the fields for the four weeks
they had been bird-watching. This morning,
however, there was a majestic and undamaged crop design, with no tracks in or out.
I flew over the formation later that morning and immediately noticed the similarity
between this pattern and the symbol on
Hayley’s dish.

I talked to Hayley later that week and
asked where she got the symbol. She told
me the symbol came into her mind on the
31st of January and she decided to draw it.
Her sketches from January were very
close to the 14th of June, T490 formation,
including the childlike shakiness of the lines
and the unfinished corners. She said she
drew it that way because that was the way
she saw it. However, when she decided to
draw the symbol onto the plate for her
Granny, she decided to alter the design,
evolving it to contain most of the major
components and placements of the formation which appeared on the 19th of June,
which was formation T489.
The story does not end here. On the
10th of July I met with a group from
America who had come over with researcher/artist Ron Russell. I met them at
T489 to give them an update on formations
that summer. As I begin to tell them of the
Colin Andrews’s niece Hayley holding the dish she painted. The design
later appeared as a crop formation.

1997 patterns, a woman in the party waved
a sketch in from of me. She had drawn it
two weeks earlier in the States. “The pattern kept coming into my head,” she said.
Her sketch closely resembled Hayley’s, and
when I showed her a photograph of
Hayley’s plate, she nearly fell over. It was
the same design, only she had placed loops
where Hayley had placed inverted Vs.
Later, a fresh design appeared which was
an even better fit.
So, were the circles the result of my
niece imaging a pattern which was then,
through an interactive force, projected into
the field? Or did my niece and the American woman remote view a future event?
Or perhaps, another possibility: Were the
patterns projected into Hayley’s and the
woman’s mind by an interactive force involved in the circle’s creation? Is it the
same interactive force that responded to
my projection in 1988 and Steven Greer’s
in 1992?
If, as the mystics have always said,
our thoughts create the world, perhaps the
crop circles are giving us instruction on
the creative use of the power of thought.
Perhaps it is time we respond and join those
using their thoughts to create a better
world.
It is possible our best hope for the future lies in our highest ability to imagine.
The design drawn by an American woman, appeared days later as a crop circle at Cley Hill,
Wiltshire on July 14, 1997.

====================================================
Chapter 12. The Diatonic Ratios in Crop Circles
by Gerald Hawkins, Ph.D., D.Sc.

Professor Hawkins originally wrote
this article about the diatonic ratios
found in crop circle dimensions specifically for the CPRI Newsletter, and he
has graciously granted us permission to
reprint it in Crop Circles: Signs of Contact. Although it is somewhat technical in
nature, we decided to include it here because of the enormous interest in crop
circles by a great many scientists, mathematicians, musicologists, and scienceminded lay people. This article was taken
from the Circles Phenomenon Research
International Newsletter, Volume 5, No.2,
Fall/Winter 1996/97.
•••
Circular Evidence by Colin Andrews
and Pat Delgado provides the only set of
accurately measured circle diameters available for rigorous analysis for the early period of the phenomenon, frozen in time, and
unbiased by the flood of later activity.
Those measured patterns reveal a tell-tale
set of numbers: the fractions of the major
scale of Western music.
Starting with the tonic, C, each white
note on the piano increases in pitch as
follows:
CDE F G A B C’
1 9/8 5/4 4/3 3/2 5/3 15/8 2
The same ratios occur above middle
C, but double with each octave. For example, 6:2 gives G’, 16:3 gives F”, where
each mark ’ after a note is used to indicate
a rise of one octave. There are the perfect
diatonic ratios. In well-tempered or equal
temperament tuning, the ratio, r, is more
complicated:
r = 2 n/12 (raised to the power of n/12)
where “n” is taken as a number ranging
between 0 and 12. The diatonic fractions
fall out, or occur, when n is 0, 2, 4, 5, 7, 9,
11, and 12.
I took all the circles where measurements are given in Circular Evidence. For

satellite patterns, the ratio was the diameter of the large circle to the satellite:
For concentric rings, the ratio was of
diameters squared. The measurements at
the outside edge of each ring was taken.
Taking intervals of +
/- 0.165 as n, 16
of the ratios fell on diatonics as shown in
the figure to the right. Each and every white
note was hit, and the
black notes were not. The
statistical probability that
this is random is negligible. Noting that in Figure 1 the tonic appears
twice (C, C’), there are
seven independent targets set in a spread of 35
spaces, making the
chance of a single random
hit 0.2. The probability
that 16 hits or more from
25 shots is real, by the binomial theorem, has a
confidence level greater
than 99.99 percent.
The Sussex group
measured seven formations between 1993
and 1995, and four were diatonic, adding
confirmation to the Circular Evidence results. This was repeated for the inside edges
of the rings, and no significant correlation
with the diatonic ratios was found.
Of course we cannot say that the crop
circles are “musical.” All that can be said
is that the crop circles and the eight-note
musical scale are based on the same mathematical relationship.
There are two internal checks we can
apply. Firstly, we can look at the error distribution. The standard deviation was +
/-
0.23, corresponding to +
/- 20 centimeters
in a 20 meter circle. The deviations were
symmetrical about zero, and showed a tolerable fit to a normal error curve. This confirms that the musical ratios were indeed
aimed at, and that the circles were constructed with a tolerance of +
/- 1 percent.
Secondly, we can arbitrarily reverse the
rules, applying the linear rule to concentric circles, and the square rule to satellites.
When this is done, the diatonic ratios disappear statistically. This simple check
shows that musical ratios do not easily occur in patterns regardless of assumptions.
There is a slight tendency for the
measured diameters to cluster at unit values of meters and this raises the question, “Could the hoaxers strike off the
ratios 9/8, 5/4, 4/3, and so forth, at random by using a bar of fixed length?” The
answer is no. Taking all fractions made
from the numbers between one and 16,
the non-diatonic ratio 7/4 should occur
by chance, but it is avoided in all the data.
Yet the diatonic 15/8 was found in the
circles, even though it should occur less
often than 7/4 by chance. Then again, we
would expect the black note ratios, such
as 16/9, but none of these black notes
were hit.
 Diameter of Large Circle
 Diameter of Satellite Circle
Ratio =


It has been argued that a natural phenomenon sometimes makes a design, and
so crop patterns can be similarly produced.
No. Apart from bird calls and whalesong,
the set of diatonic ratios does not occur in
nature.
Another possible criticism is the
Kepler caveat. He, in 1596, theorized how
the solar system orbits were pure geometry, but the measurements of Tycho Brahe
proved him wrong. Equally unfortunate, his
theory of a universe controlled by musical
intervals was destroyed by the facts. With
the crop circles, however, the music is not
a theory, it is a fact. These diatonic ratios
are facts in search of a theory.

Notes
Andrews, Colin and Pat Delgado. Circular Evidence. London: Bloomsbury Press,
1990.
Apel. W. Harvard Dictionary of Music.
Cambridge, Mass: Harvard University
Press, 1969.
Known as the “Flower Of Life” design, it was found in a wheat field at Froxfield, Berkshire,
England on August 4, 1994. It measured 180 feet across.


===========================================================
Part V. Crop Circle Counterfeiting: Liars in the Fields

Madison Square Garden: A Message From the Environment?

Why might symbols be part of a
spiritual nudge?
 Why would we need to be given
a spiritual nudge? The answers may be
found in the news.
• Item: The French government recently joined with the Chinese to
begin once again the testing of
nuclear devices.
• Item: This same day as in many
other parts of the world, weather
patterns broke all records.
• Item: Across North America, nearly
900 died in just a few days of unbearably high temperatures of over
115 degrees Fahrenheit…in the
shade. The hospitals were full, the
morgues were full, and the cattle
were falling to the ground, their
stomachs exploding.
All this happened on lands that less than
18 months ago experienced record low winter temperatures as areas of the Atlantic
Ocean froze.
Our attention should be drawn to the
gulf that exists between the actions of nation-states and the environmental needs of
mankind. The U.S. Government recently
proposed the deregulating of environmental policy.
The effects of the depleted ozone layer
continue to become more and more obvious. We have had a loss of surface vegetation and large numbers of deep sea life; in
addition to wild swings in global temperatures. Ignoring all this evidence, the United
States Congress has recently proposed legislation encouraging the harvesting of trees.
 Expanded harvesting will make it
easier for the manufacturers of pesticides
that are currently restricted by the Environmental Protection Agency to place them
on the market for general use.
As we speak, legislation has also been
introduced that would limit the ability to
declare endangered species habitats off limits to development. According to the authors of this legislation, it will force greater
consideration for human needs.
Legislation has also been proposed to
revise the 1972 federal Water Pollution
Control Act to again allow voluntary regulation of water and chemical run-off from
the farms and industry.
Just when many of us thought that our
political representatives were finally understanding the importance of the environmental
situation, we have come full circle, and, indeed, have begun to go backwards.
 The unfortunate result of much of
these backslides is that the health and safety
of the people of the United States of
America has been placed in the capable and
oh-so trustworthy hands of multinational
corporations who have, for the most part,
been instrumental in getting us into this
mess in the first place. And I do hope my
sarcasm is not too subtle.
How much safer do you feel now?
This photograph was sent by Andrews to Hopi Indian elders in The United States seeking
their views on what it might mean. They responded by saying “Mother is crying” (meaning
Mother Earth). Perhaps by coincidence, it formed as the Gulf War began on August 4, 1990.

================================================================
Chapter 13. Crop Circle Hoaxes and the Circus in the Fields

You can’t make a counterfeit without an original to copy. It is the
only necessary response to those
who insist that because some crop circles
are manmade, all crop circles must, therefore, be manmade.
Authentic crop formations were around
long before hoaxers butted in and began
claiming formations they couldn’t possibly have made.
Why has no one studied the profile of
a hoaxer?
A detailed study of crop circle counterfeiters has not yet been done and I think
it is imperative that such a study be undertaken. It is important to at least make the
attempt to understand why people are doing this.
Serious crop circle researchers and students of the phenomena know that we have
a hoaxing problem. We know that crop
There’s a slapstick sort of humor in England that gets a belly laugh out of doing
something bloody stupid. And it is bloody stupid. But it gets a laugh. I can’t think that
American farmers would want this kind of thing to come to their doors.
-Colin Andrews
circle counterfeiters create phony crop formations for many reasons, including:
• Skeptics who want to deliberately
interfere with the research and put
it off track.
• “Earth artists” who see the creation
of crop circles as an experiential art
form.
• Pranksters having a bit of fun (the
early 1990s “ejaculating penis” crop
formation in England is a prime example of this type of, ahem, “mischief”).
• Enthusiasts who actually believe
they are contributing to the field
with their efforts.
• Those with an agenda, be it political, social, environmental, or commercial. (Many corporations have

of late been hiring “circlemakers”
to create crop formations of logos,
automobiles, symbols, and other
commercial designs.)
Admittedly, the efforts of counterfeiters have become more sophisticated and
complex over the past several years, seeming to parallel the sophistication-the evolution-of the authentic formations. Yet,
it is known that counterfeiters have deliberately laid claim to highly complex authentic formations that they had absolutely
nothing to do with. Why would they do
such a thing? What could be the reasoning behind claiming responsibility for incredible manifestations in fields around
the world, knowing full well they would
never be able to duplicate the design if
put to the test?
A detailed, comprehensive study of the
hoaxing subculture needs to be done. Hoaxing muddies the waters and confuses the
public, a populace that may not have much
of a grounding, a knowledge base, of this
extraordinary miracle taking place on our
planet. The crop circle mystery is perplexing enough in and of itself without having
these “fibbing bounders” (as researcher
Danny Sotham has christened them) tramping all over the place, giddily delighting in
tricking people into believing what, in essence, is nothing but a lie.
There has long been suspicion that
there is much more to the hoaxing movement than may at first be presumed. Is it
possible that the intelligence communities
(CIA or M15, for example) in the countries where the phenomena is prevalent
have recruited young to middle-aged males
to vigorously and repeatedly create fakes?
Would they lay claim to real formations,
in a concerted attempt to trivialize, minimize, and ultimately discredit all that is
genuine?
Disinformation has long been a hoary
tactic in the intelligence communities’ bag
of duplicitous tricks. If, for some reason,
world governments and their respective
intelligence communities wanted to get the
public “off the scent,” there might be no
better way then to put forth the message
that all crop formations are fakes. I have
stated that I do not believe that government
satellites are responsible for crop circles.
However, it is not beyond the realm of possibility that governments may be attempting to completely debunk the phenomena
using a trained (and, it must be assumed,
paid) team of hoaxers.
War of the Worlds
Why would this be deemed necessary?
Some blame Orson Welles’ The War of the
Worlds.
It has long been suspected that world
governments are fully apprised of the reality of UFOs and aliens, but that this information has been deliberately kept from the
public because of the War of the Worlds
debacle in 1938.
On Sunday, October 30, 1938, the day
before Halloween, Orson Welles dramatized H. G. Wells’s classic science fiction
novel War of the Worlds for his Mercury
Theater radio troupe. Welles’s broadcast
terrified millions of people and caused a
national panic. A Princeton University
study later determined that a total of 6 million people heard Welles’s broadcast. Of
those listeners, 1.7 million believed it was
a real news bulletin and 1.2 million actually took action because of it. The New
York City police department received
2,000 hysterical emergency calls from
people during the first 15 minutes of the
broadcast. The New York Post’s headline
the following day read, “Radio ‘War’
Panic Brings Inquiry; U. S. To Scan Broadcast Script. Mars ‘Attack’ Brings Wave of
Hysteria.” On their editorial page, the Post
called Welles’s actions “unscrupulous and
irresponsible.”1
In my opinion, it is quite conceivable
that a plan has been conceived and executed by intelligence services to employ
individuals that will deliberately muddy the
crop circles waters by claiming hoaxing,
by making particular patterns, and by laying claim to them.
We know that complex designs can be
made by people. However, there are complex designs out there that show no evidence of the human hand whatsoever, and
yet some of these are also claimed to be
made by people. The enigma of the mystery is compounded by the question of why
do hoaxers do what they do, and claim to
have done things that show no sign of human involvement. I think for the most part,
that the manner in which many of the crop
circle counterfeiters have conducted themselves is disgraceful.
Counterfeiters fall into two different
camps. One group of hoaxers want their
artwork to remain mysterious. They claim
to be making crop art, but they refuse to
identify which specific “works” they are
responsible for. They are passionate about
maintaining the mystery and anonymity of
their formations. They define what they do
as experiential art, and they consider themselves invisible observers of the people
who experience their art. Supposedly, the
act of observing the effects that their artwork has on people is part of the overall
artistic experience. This explains their insistence on mystery and anonymity
This appears to be aesthetically noble,
and completely respectful of the undeniable beauty and impact crop formations
have on people. However, it also serves to
make their claims unprovable and it casts
doubt on their ceaseless proclamations that
they are responsible for this circle, or for
that formation. Sophisticated research and
A Doug and Dave creation, this one in Chilcomb Down, made in 1991. Looking at these
formations, it is easy to conclude that Doug and Dave’s crop circle skills did not extend to
the more complex patterns they took credit for when they went public with their story.

equipment and advanced investigative intelligence techniques would be necessary
to disprove all their claims and, even more
importantly, prove their claims, and who
would be willing to pay for that? On several occasions during 1999 and 2000, special night vision equipment did observe
people making some elaborate patterns,
but the large scale claims thus far remain
unchallenged.
The second group consists of counterfeiters who have realized that continually
hoaxing researchers and the public has become a potentially dangerous game, and
that there is an inherent responsibility that
comes with such deceptive practices. These
are the folks who are more prone to believing that there is an actual phenomena
at work out there, and that it is the right
thing to do to step forward and admit the
ones they’ve made, and then work with
researchers openly. They are the ones who
are willing to explain what they do, how
they do it, and where they’ve done it.
I have been in touch with some of these
people and many of them understand that
there are consequences attached to their
actions. Researchers need to know what is
real and what is not, because people, governmental agencies, and the media act on
such research. Many of these counterfeiters know that I and others provide aerial
photographs of crop formations to governments, to civic officials, to the British
Royal family, to native Americans and
other indigenous peoples, and many others, all of whom are extremely interested
in the crop circle phenomenon that is taking place on our planet. (Native Americans
in particular are extremely interested in
authentic crop circle manifestations, because they believe that these creations may
be connected in some way to ancient tribal
Hopi prophecy.)
Providing information to these people
is an enormous responsibility, and some of
the hoaxers now recognize the gravity of
their “pranks.” And I am just one researcher. All over the world, serious crop
circle researchers are providing information of this type to people, governments,
and agencies who need to know, and, I’ll
state it once again emphatically, hoaxes
muddy the waters.
If, as I sincerely believe, the authentic
crop circle formations are a sign from a
higher intelligence, and there is a very serious message being communicated to us,
it is a grave error in judgement for hoaxers
to take this lightly, to mock the serious students of the phenomena, and to deliberately
work to deceive. There has been a paradigm shift in consciousness on a global
scale regarding the environment over the
past several decades and the benign glory
of real crop formations has spoken at a primal level to people who know they should
be worried about the planet’s health.
One of the most fundamental facts
about the crop circle phenomenon is that
the plants in crop circles do not die. They
are not killed. They continue to grow, and
they grow with greater vigor. The plants in
hoaxed circles are badly damaged and, in
many cases, are killed. They are crushed
to death or broken down.
Hoaxers vex me. They play a game that
mocks the work of serious researchers trying to understand a phenomena that could
have monumental importance for the fate
of the planet and all living things aboard
her. The irony in all this is that many counterfeiters themselves-and I have been told
this personally-have often come upon the
same unusual, paranormal anomalies in
crop circles that we have experienced,
noted, and recorded. As they go on with
their daft business of stomping about with
boards and ropes, they have heard the
sounds, seen the lights, and felt the energy
waves. It seems as though they have somehow become unwitting participants in the
gest. Is it possible that by focusing intently
on the sacred geometries they use to create
a fake crop formation, hoaxers are somehow tapping into a different sensibility, into
the higher consciousness many experience
when in contact with authentic crop circles?
Can the deliberate creation of a fake crop
formation-the actual act itself of designing it and making it-be a catalyst for an
interaction between the hoaxers and the
intelligence behind the true mystery?
Sacred geometry has been used for
millennium as a tool for meditation, and
as a gateway to achieving a higher state
of consciousness. Hoaxers may be
closer to the actual phenomenon than they
may suspect.
I have used the term “friendly animosity” to describe my relationship with many
of the admitted circle makers, but my
(mostly) cordial interaction with them has
an edge. And in all honesty, the essence of
this edge is that I wish they did not exist. I
am not wishing that the individuals who
comprise the circle makers did not exist.
Far from it. Heaven knows I would never
wish them harm. I simply wish that all the
circle makers who devote their time, their
energy, and their resources to deceiving the
world would find better ways to spend their
time.
Granted, the making of art is often an
act of creativity and enlightenment, an inherently positive endeavor: The artist produces a work to mirror a specific
circumstance of the human condition. But
counterfeiters pervert and debase the artistic process. If a painter creates a stunningly beautiful painting-a work that
happens to be an identical copy of a Van
Gogh, or a Rembrandt, or a Klimt-and
then sells it as an original, is this an “inherently positive endeavor”? I think not.
And many agree with me.
All that said, though, to reiterate, the
circle makers do have a story to tell. Their
presence in the fields, and their participation in the phenomena-no matter how tangential or skewed-may ultimately become
a study in consciousness. I believe it would
do grave harm to allow anger towards the
hoaxers to consume those of us who believe that these people are tampering with
what might be called a miracle.
Consider this: Imagine if hoaxers simply stopped. One day, they threw away their
boards, coiled up their ropes, and simply
went away. With confidence and certainty,
I will state that, if that happened, crop formations would continue to appear, and every one of them would be a source of
wonder. Imagine the state of the research
then! Imagine the progress we would make
if all we needed to investigate were real
crop circles, each one a unique treasure of
the fields!
But that is not going to happen, unless
all the counterfeiters jointly agree to cease
and desist their duplicitous efforts. Because
that is unlikely, researchers must factor
them into the equation. Thus, we try to discern the fakes from the real ones; we interview hoaxers about their experiences in the
fields; and we spend countless hours and
untold energy explaining to people interested in crop circles why they should not
assume that every crop formation is a fake,
simply because some of them are.
My close friend and my co-author of
Circular Evidence, Pat Delgado, a man of
good heart and intent, was personally devastated by the antics of the crop fakers. The
uproar in the media over Doug and Dave,
as well as the mindless acceptance of anything claimed by those copycats who followed, caused Pat tremendous grief. When
he and I first began investigating the earliest crop circles, we both believed we were
working for the good of humanity; that we
were trying to help understand something
that could be quite extraordinary in the history of man and his interaction with the
planet. When Doug and Dave came forward and claimed authorship of a ridiculous number of crop circles (a number so
high, in fact, it would have been physically
impossible for them to have made them all),
we students of the phenomenon were standing in the line of fire; we were suddenly
targets for a media not interested in the
truth, but only in how much mortification
they could rain down upon me and Pat.
Can the mysterious, unknown forces
behind authentic crop circles also be manipulating the counterfeiters?
Many counterfeiters, sometimes unknowingly, have duplicated in their
manmade creations the same ratios and
geometries often found in the real circles.
And there are stories told of hoaxers returning to the site and finding additions to
the formations that they did not create-
and many of the add-ons resulted in their
original work now complying with the sacred geometry ratios often found in real
formations.
What seems clear to me from all this
is the feeling that we must look at the complete picture that is developing; we must
try to encompass the entirety of the phenomenon before passing final judgment.
I do not understand hoaxing as a pursuit worthy of good men, but we do need
to continue to talk to these deceivers and
put all our efforts into figuring out why they
really do what they do. That is the key to
understanding how the hoaxers’ involvement in crop circles could be significant.
What if we learn that the reason many of
the hoaxers take the time to create fake crop
circles is because of a subconscious “calling,” for want of a better term? As we have
repeatedly seen, many hoaxers work with
the same geometries as are found in authentic circles. They also lay them in areas
where other circles have been found, and
sometimes, in alignment with the earth’s
ley lines. In fact, there have been occasions when two groups of hoaxers, working independently and unbeknownst to each
other, have ended up in adjacent fields, creating similar designs.
Is this mere coincidence? Or is there
some force tugging them in the direction
of constructing symbolically significant
formations? Is it possible that they are all
unconsciously receiving their “instructions” from the same force? Are the patterns made by hoaxers part of the overall
message?
These are the questions that need to be
researched and answered before we decide
on how to respond to what I truly believe
is some kind of dispatch from a communicator we have yet to meet.
The patterns have been evolving in
complexity. Using an alphabetical simile,
if the first simple circles were the letter A,
and the ultimate, final, still unseen crop
formation is the letter Z, I believe that we
are currently somewhere around the letters
V or W. Each year, we believe that formations cannot get much more complex, and
then the following year, the formations that
appear outdo the previous ones.
Hidden somewhere in the fractals, and
the ratios, and the geometries, is usable information. I believe that the totality of
crop formations is a repository of useful
information. I think part of this arcane
message lies in the alignment of crop
circles around the globe. It has something
to do with magnetism, of this I am certain.
I also think there may be other “brothers”
(or perhaps, cousins?) of magnetism that
will likewise play a role in our understanding of the ultimate message
Ohm’s Law tells us that there are three
components to electrical current. Put simply, voltage equals current times resistance.
Magnetic fields are created solely by moving electrical charges and, because it is my
contention that the crop circle mystery in a
large part involves magnetism in some
form, I consider it a possibility that we may
not yet understand all the ramifications of
the interaction between electricity and magnetism. There may still be yet unknown
fields of energy created (or possibly destroyed) when magnetic fields are generated. What happens to the laws of physics
when we exceed the speed of light, for instance? I think that when we finally discover all the ramifications to the current
scientific laws, we will find many brothers
and cousins we did not know existed.
Some researchers have suggested that
the patterns need to be placed in a particular alignment and that when they are, something wondrous will happen. Human
consciousness, this theory posits, is working on fine-tuning this alignment, and that
some of the counterfeiters-the ones who
truly feel a psychic or spiritual need to make
crop circles-may be contributing to the
final grid of designs.
This theory attempts to factor in the
creations of the hoaxers as part of the overall master plan. I accept this as another
hypothesis and will consider the evidence
when presented with it, but for me, the most
important research would take place if all
the fake formations were removed from
the equation and we were able to study
only the authentic manifestations. We seem
to be drifting away from this scenario.
(See Chapter 6, “The Stonehenge Julia
Set,” for more on this critical alignment
theory.)

Notes
1 Stephen Spignesi, The UFO Book of Lists, p. 82–83.
This unusual pattern appeared near Barbury Castle, Wiltshire in a wheat field on August 6, 1999.


==============================================
Chapter 14. Operation Blackbird

In July 1990, I coordinated a crop circles
surveillance operation called Operation
Blackbird. Regardless of the way this
event played out, and regardless of how I
was treated, my intentions were righteous,
and I approached the operation with trust.
Was I naive? Many of my critics would respond, “Unquestionably.” Nonetheless, I
willingly trusted, and hope I was trusted in
turn.
Operation Blackbird was an important
event in the annals of crop circle history,
and it boasted a potpourri of oddities, including a government-sponsored hoax, a
secret tape that has never been seen, a
genuine crop circle manifestation not revealed to the public, and happenings important enough that the British government
issued one of their highest security alerts
for the operation. It was eventually revealed that the British Ministry of Defense
had ordered a full-scale operation to create a hoax pattern and discredit and humiliate myself and other serious crop circle
researchers.
Blackbird fly...into the light of a dark black night...
-Paul McCartney
However, there is much more to this
story than the embarrassment of one Brit.
•••
The operation was funded 90 percent
by Nippon Television of Japan, with the
remaining 10 percent funded by BBC Television of Great Britain.
The plan was to set up a bank of specialized cameras in a place where many
crop circles had appeared over the years
in the hope that we would actually catch a
crop circle forming on film.
The location chosen was Bratton
Castle, which is an Iron Age hill fort from
around the eighth century B.C. on top of
highland looking down into the county of
Wiltshire, England. It is a gorgeous location, and the land is owned by the Ministry of Defense in Great Britain. We
requested, and were granted, permission
to conduct the operation. Later we would
realize the permission came a bit too
readily, but at the time, we were delighted
at the willingness with which the Ministry
of Defense’s office granted us permission.

Within a few hours after the operation
began, Pat Delgado and I were approached
by BBC Television personnel, a representative from Nippon TV, and two uniformed
military officers from the British Army.
The operation had already begun to
attract attention from the locals, and for
good reason. A command and control center had been set up above the field, and
there were cameras, wires, antennae, tents,
vehicles, and many personnel milling
about. The TV representatives and the military officers suggested that we drive off the
site in my motorcar to discuss something
of importance, and Pat and I readily agreed.
We traveled a short distance to a country lane where we were out of sight of the
public and away from the commotion of
the site.
The two military officers then told us
that they thought we could use some additional equipment and that they were prepared to provide for our use night-viewing,
image-intensifying cameras. The specific
equipment they offered to us were backmounted cameras that would be worn in
carrying packs on the back and shoulders
of the military personnel who would be
given the assignment to work with us.
We were told that these recording devices were state-of-the-art and highly efficient, that they would allow us to see a
blade of grass from some distance away,
at night.
Pat and I, as well as the representatives
from the Nippon TV and the BBC, were
delighted with the opportunity to use advanced military surveillance equipment for
Operation Blackbird, and we all felt that
the addition of such gear would guarantee
that if a crop circle appeared, we would
see it, and we would record it.
The only condition attached to our use
of the military cameras was that two British Army officers needed to be assigned to
our organizational unit and that they would
be the ones to operate the equipment. This
made sense, as none of us were trained in
The scene during Operation Blackbird.


the use of such high-tech cameras. We
would also be liable for damage to the
equipment if something went wrong.
And so, we accepted two military officers and their equipment into the operation and onto the site. At the time, we
thought nothing of this condition. However, our views on this were to change radically within a very short time.
Blackbird became operational, and
close to $2-million worth of equipment was
online and prepared to chronicle whatever
might happen. The equipment had all been
checked and every camera was functioning perfectly when the operation began.
The plan was to maintain daylight
monitoring, and to also keep a crew working throughout the night. If something
should occur during the night, I and a number of other people would be awakened at
home.
On the second night of the operation, I
was at my home in the adjacent county of
Hampshire when the phone rang quite late.
I was told that something had happened. I
was told that an arrangement of crop
circles-a fairly complex design-had appeared in the field during the night.
I immediately notified my contact
person from Nippon TV, and we mobilized a television crew that had been on
standby for just such an eventuality. Because Nippon TV had funded the overwhelming majority of the costs of the
operation, they were entitled to the first
notification and the first footage of the
event. Nippon TV had agreed to participate in Operation Blackbird with the
hope that they would record the actual
formation of a crop circle and be able to
show it on Japanese television.
The TV crew sprang into action, and
we all sped to the site, not knowing what
we would find when we arrived.
When we arrived, there was great excitement. I was told by personnel there that
an event had occurred, and that there was
something in the field. I was also told that
aerial phenomenon-unusual lights directly over the field-had also been witnessed, and that all of this had been
captured on camera.
Operation Blackbird had begun on
July 23, 1990, and here it was two days
later, on July 25, and a crop formation
had appeared!
The formation had first been seen between 3:30 and 3:45 in the morning, not
even first light, and it was then that everyone knew that something important had
occurred.
After the sun rose and we all saw from
a distance what was in the field, I was asked
if I would announce the event on live television, which I agreed to do. We had requested helicopters for an accurate aerial
view of the formation, but they had not yet
arrived. I agreed to announce the discovery even before I had had a chance to enter
the site.
The BBC and Nippon TV both had
crews there, and they set up the cameras
and waited for the proper alignment of their
communications satellites for a worldwide
broadcast.
Lights, camera, action, as they say, and
here is what I said that day:
Yes, we have an event here of
greatest importance...and we are very
much excited, as you can imagine. We
do have two major ground markings
which have appeared in front of all
the surveillance equipment, performing absolutely to form for us. We had
a situation at approximately 3:30 A.M.
this morning. On the monitor, a number of orange lights taking the form
of a triangle....It is a complex situation and we are analyzing it at the
moment, but there is undoubtedly
something here for science.

A reporter then said to me, “I’m sure
you have the nation agog. Are you quite
sure you couldn’t have been the victim of
some elaborate hoax last night?” To which
I replied:
No, not indeed. We have highquality equipment here, and we have
indeed secured on high-quality equipment a major event....We do have
something here of great, great significance. Yes, we have everything on
film, and we do have, as I say, a
formed object over the field....We are
doing nothing more until we have helicopters over the top, to film in detail what we have, before anyone
enters the field.
What I said was in response to what I
had seen from a distance and to what I had
been told. My words are now recorded forever in the annals of crop circle history,
and I can only say that it was a regrettable
milestone in my research career.
Aside from my obvious error in stating unequivocally that this was an authentic event, the essence of my answer,
however, still stands as valid and reasonable: We have something here and we are
going to investigate it further. I did believe
it was an exciting day for science and, in
the end, it turned out to be much more
than that. A crop formation now existed
in the field, unusual lights had been witnessed, and we were continuing to analyze the information.
The lights turned out to be of the most
pedestrian nature: British millionaire Richard Branson had flown a hot air balloon
over the field during the night and his running lights were interpreted as being something out of the ordinary. One needed to
ask, was Branson a part of the hoax? Was
Branson asked or paid to fly a silent “aircraft” in pitch darkness over a field where
surveillance equipment had been set up on
the particular evening when his flight would
be noticed? Branson stated emphatically
that his was nothing but a curiosity trip and
that he had not intended to disrupt an operation, nor annoy the crop circle researchers. So be it.
When the sun finally rose on that illfated day, we could see clearly what we
had in the field. The helicopter had arrived
and had begun flying photographers and
cameramen over the site for aerial photographs. I and some of my colleagues entered the field to investigate the crop
formation. My television interview had
been broadcast, and there was high expectation around the world as to what we
would actually find in the fields.
What we discovered was a disgrace to
the British government, and to everyone
else involved in the perpetration of one of
the biggest deceits in crop circle history.
Oh yes, there was a crop formation in the
field beneath Bratton Castle, but it was not
only obviously manmade, but it was quite
obviously poorly manmade. We had been
set up. The crop circle that had been constructed was ragged, and unlike anything
we had seen before. There was considerable damage to the crops, noticeable irregularities in the lines and circles, and, gilding
the lily in a way only a bureaucracy could
conceive of doing, there were items deliberately placed in the middle of the main
circle, including a horoscope game board,
and a wooden cross.
It appears that the British government,
in an outrageous attempt to defuse the crop
circle mania and discredit and humiliate
myself and my colleagues, had funded a
crop circle hoax. Apparently, the money
could not have been put to better use in
England, a country where the “4,000 holes
in Blackburn, Lancashire” that John
Lennon sang about in “A Day in the Life”
referred to potholes in the streets.


Pat and I were made to be laughingstocks. Most of the reporters left, and many
ended up writing stories in which we were
the fools. We truly felt that serious study
of the crop circle phenomenon had been
impeded considerably, if not damaged irreparably. This was a major setback and
the media dropped it like a hot potato.
We later learned the specifics of the
hoax from a high contact in the British
military. Researcher George Wingfield,
speaking in Michael Hesemann’s book The
Cosmic Connection, relayed the following
information he received from his anonymous military contact:
The Bratton hoax was carried out
by a specially-trained unit of the army
and the order came directly from the
Ministry of Defense. The operation
was carefully planned, prepared in
advance and then carried out in complete darkness, quickly and precisely.
My informant was even able to speak
with an officer who was involved in
the planning of the operation, which
had the highest secrecy level.1
This could have been the end of Operation Blackbird, but it was not. I continued my monitoring of the field, although
with far fewer media folk than before the
hoax.
Ten days after the fake formation had
been constructed, a real crop circle appeared in the field below Bratton Castle.
On August 5, 1990, 440 yards from the
site of the hoaxed formation, a real circle
appeared-and its formation was captured
on film.
This second event, which was most
definitely an authentic crop formation, was
recorded on what has come to be known
as the “yellow camera.” I was off the site
when this occurred, but I was immediately
notified of the event and returned within
one hour.
“Where’s the tape?” I asked the moment I arrived.
I was told by one of the team members
that the tape had been placed in a locked
box-I was actually shown a sealed case
that was supposedly the box where the tape
was secured-and I was also informed that
it had only been viewed once. I was not
allowed to watch the tape nor was I able in
any way to confirm that the actual tape
from the yellow camera was now in the
locked box.
I later learned the truth. The tape from
the yellow camera had been immediately
removed from the site by person or persons unknown, and it has never been seen
since. I was immediately sworn to secrecy
and I was instructed-“ordered” is actually a better word-by a person whom I
will not name, to give Mr. Michihito
Ogawa of Nippon Television a videotape.
I was to tell him that the tape was from the
yellow camera, and assure him that it contained the footage of the crop circle event.
The tape given to Mr. Ogawa was actually
video of the site taken days earlier, and it
showed nothing but the silent landscape.
Mr. Ogowa returned to NTV headquarters in Japan, where extensive analysis of
the tape was performed. Regrettably, they
were analyzing a decoy tape. The tape that
they owned the rights to was not provided
to them, and to this day I have no knowledge of the whereabouts of the tape from
the yellow camera-footage that shows the
formation of an authentic crop circle in a
field in central southern England.
I say now that I firmly believe that I
was not being given a choice when I was
told to give NTV a dummy tape. I do not
know what would have happened if I had
refused to do as I was ordered. I suspect
that I would have been banned from the
site and that Mr. Ogawa would have been
given the phony tape anyway. I was in a
very difficult position, seeing as how the

British military-with all the power of the
government behind them-was issuing the
orders at the Operation Blackbird site.
Some years later, a gentleman I know
from BBC radio told me that his station
was receiving live broadcasts from the
Operation Blackbird site, and that after the
second event occurred, a rarely issued D
Notice was placed on their broadcasts by
the British Government. A D Notice is a
Ministry of Defense National Security
Notice that gives the British Government
the right to immediately terminate a radio
or television broadcast, ostensibly for reasons of national security. That day, the D
Notice was invoked, and broadcasts from
Operation Blackbird were suspended for a
period of four hours.
And so, I say again: Operation Blackbird was an important event in crop circle
history. It was the first known government
attempt to deescalate the public interest in
a growing phenomenon, and it was carried
out by means of a well-orchestrated, wellfunded, multilevel hoax.
This speaks volumes about the importance-and the authenticity-of the crop
circle phenomenon. Now, if we could only
see that tape from the yellow camera....

Postscript
Charles and Diana
Later on in the 1990s, I learned that
Prince Charles had discovered crop circles
on his property and that, in fact, he had
actually had them on his land for many
years. I also learned that crop circles were
reported on land near the Queen’s Balmoral
castle.
At some point, I was contacted by a
retired military officer who lived about 20
miles from my home. He told me he was
acting as an intermediary for Charles and
that the prince was very interested in the
phenomenon of crop circles. Of course,
Prince Charles could not contact me directly about this, and so I willingly agreed
to work with his liaison. At his request, we
began to send our newsletter to Prince
Charles, and we also sent it to the duke of
Edinburgh at Buckingham Palace, who was
interested in crop circles as well.
Following a series of telephone calls,
it was arranged for me to take Charles and
Diana on a tour of the fields near their home
where the crop circles were appearing, explain to them what was going on, and fill
them in on what we have learned about the
phenomenon.
I agreed to complete confidentiality
and can swear that I told no one about the
meeting but my wife at the time. I did not
even tell my parents or my daughter.
The day before our scheduled meeting, however, all hell broke loose.
The British tabloid newspaper The
Star (now defunct) published a front-page
story revealing that I was scheduled to
take Charles and Diana on a tour of crop
circles, and that the prince was obsessed
with the phenomenon. Somehow, someone at the newspaper had gotten hold of
this information and they decided to publish it.
As I have said, the only one on my side
who knew about this was my wife, who I
know for a fact did not say a word. This
leaves one of two possibilities: Either
someone in the British royal family, or
someone involved with them, leaked the
news to the media; or my phone was
tapped. Personally, I suspect the story was
leaked from inside Buckingham Palace.
As soon as the story broke, I received
a frantic phone call from my contact canceling the meeting. He told me that everyone involved in Charles and Diana’s camp
was angry and embarrassed by the media
debacle. I assured him I had nothing to do
with leaking the story, but I am not sure if
he-or Charles and Diana-believed me.

How it got out remains a mystery to
this day, although I have my suspicions.
Considering that the British intelligence
agencies and the British military mounted
Operation Blackbird against me and other
crop circle researchers, it would not surprise me if they took it upon themselves to
tap my phone and then leak the news to
the press, leaving the British royalty completely out of the decision. I suspect that
the military, for some reason, felt it was
harmful for the British royal family to admit an interest in crop circles, and thus, if I
am correct, they torpedoed the plan by
means of public humiliation of me, and
Charles and Diana. I have no evidence of
this, but it makes sense to me, considering
the efforts to which British intelligence had
gone in the past to discredit crop circle researchers and make them a joke in the mind
of the public. It worked, because the result
of the tabloid story was to again damage
my reputation and belittle my work.
Sometime after this unfortunate episode, the same retired military officer contacted me and invited me to his home to
discuss the possibility of my preparing a
technical report summarizing my work on
crop circles. I asked him for whom this report was intended, and he told me Britain’s
undersecretary of state for the environment,
Nicholas Ridley. Ridley was one of the top
five people in Prime Minister Margaret
Thatcher’s cabinet and he briefed Mrs.
Thatcher daily on matters relevant to the
environment. I agreed to provide the report, and it was forwarded to Mr. Ridley
who then, presumably, advised the prime
minister on its contents. I do not know specifically what came of my efforts, but I do
know that several members of parliament
raised the question of crop circles with the
prime minister and home office minister.
They wanted to know what the British government knew about these formations;
what, if any, was their interest in them; and
what, if anything, were they doing about
them at the governmental level.
The chief scientific advisor to the British government and to Prime Minister
Margaret Thatcher responded that the
Home Office and Ministry of Defense had
no particular interest in crop circles and that
they were not believed to pose a threat to
the security of the United Kingdom.
An important point to emphasize regarding this position by the British government is that they went on the record with
their statement that the crop circles were
not manmade; thereby confirming that
there was, indeed, a phenomenon occurring in the fields of England.
However, they did not suggest anything paranormal or extraterrestrial as its
cause. Instead, they stated that they were
being created by meteorological forces not
yet fully understood. They endorsed the
theory that crop circles were formed by a
plasma vortex-a new kind of whirlwind
or tornado in which electrified air, created
in the lee of a hill or by thermal variations,
traveled across the fields, leaving geometric formations in its wake.
Contradicting this theory, though, was
the fact that there were many reports of
crop circles appearing in fields around
which were no hills for miles, and most
reports were of formations appearing at
night, which is highly unlikely if the cause
were plasma vortices caused by daytime
temperature variations.
The facts did not line up with their
statement, and so those of us researching
crop circles knew that there was no real
science behind their official declaration.
There have been no official statements
from the British governments about crop
circles since that time.

Notes 
1. Michael Hesemann, The Cosmic Connection, p. 29.

=================================================
Chapter 15. The Oliver's Castle Video

Hidden in Plain Sight?
We probably should have been
suspicious from the moment we
first met the young man who
claimed to have filmed UFOs making crop
circles in a field below Oliver’s Castle in
England.
Why? Partly because the man told us his
name was “Weyleigh.” My radar, however, did
not pick up on the importance of his name at
the time.
“Weyleigh” is a homonym-a sound alike
word-for the verb “waylay,” which is defined, “to lie in wait for and attack from ambush,” or “to accost or intercept unexpectedly.”
The truth about this man and his phony
video were hidden in plain sight, in his very
name, and yet none of us saw this until much
later.
Like Cameras at the Creation
If it were true, it would have been one
of the most important pieces of film in all
of human history.
If it were true, it would have, for the
first time, captured actual images of UFOs
creating a crop circle.
How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith
which today we tell as fables.
-Michel de Montaigne
If it were true, it would have made
an enormous contribution toward a
deeper understanding of the crop circle
phenomenon.
If the Oliver’s Castle video was authentic, it would have been on the front
page of every newspaper in the world.
But alas, it was not real. It was created
by John Wabe, a video editor and producer
for a film production company called First
Cut in Bristol, England. The Oliver’s
Castle video is a hoax, but as I have repeatedly said, it is an important hoax.
How can a deliberately manufactured
piece of video be important in the field of
crop circle research? Wouldn’t its ultimate
impact be to discredit the efforts of those
of us who are serious about understanding
what is going on, and render all future evidentiary artifacts suspect?
These are valid questions and legitimate concerns, but the key questions that
hover over the Oliver’s Castle video like
the small white UFOs that hover over the
Wiltshire field where the snowflake crop
formation “appeared” are, “Why would
someone go through the trouble-and

expense-of putting together such an
elaborate hoax?” and, “Who was behind
it?”
We will explore those questions in this
chapter and suggest some possible answers.
It is quite possible that there was much
more to the Oliver’s Castle video than met
the eye.
On August 11, 1996, a snowflake crop
formation appeared in the field at Oliver’s
Castle, near Devizes, England in Wiltshire.
At the time, so the story goes, a man
who was using the name of “John
Weyleigh” was camping on the hilltop of
Oliver’s Castle overlooking the field, hoping to record the formation of a crop circle.
Crop formations believed to be authentic
had appeared in the area prior to this, so
Weyleigh came prepared with a video camera and other gear.
According to Weyleigh’s story, at approximately 5 a.m. on the morning of August 11, as the first light of the day barely
began to creep over the fields, he saw a
small sphere of white light pass swiftly
across the field directly below his location.
He quickly grabbed his video camera and
switched it on, but the camera failed to
operate because of the excessive moisture
in the air. The moisture sensor inside the
camera prevented him from capturing the
appearance of this initial white sphere, but
Weyleigh waited a moment or two, tried
the camera again, and that time it worked.
He pointed the camera at the field below
him and started filming.
Just seconds into the filming, two white
spheres flew into the frame from the right
and arced across the field in a large spiral,
mimicking in its flight path the shape of
the Julia Set crop formation that had appeared at Stonehenge the previous June.
As the spheres flew across the field, a
small circle of crop suddenly flattened to
the ground and, following within seconds,
(corroborating what many eyewitnesses of
crop circle manifestations had previously
reported), a complete, large, complex
“snowflake” crop pattern materialized.
Before the sequence ended, a second pair
of white glowing spheres entered the frame
from the top left corner, and similarly spiraled above the crops. As they flew, the
pathways and smaller circles in this elaborate pattern were formed.
The whole filmed sequence is just a
few seconds long and my initial reaction
upon first viewing it was that it was one of
two things: it was either the most incredibly important UFO and crop circle film
footage of all time, or it was one of the
most elaborate frauds ever perpetrated on
the world.
The following facts gave favor to the
film’s authenticity:
1. It looked convincing. My personal
reaction to the footage was that it
fulfilled my expectations as to what
we would see if someday someone
captured on film the sudden appearance of a crop circle. Features of
crop circle formation commonly described by witnesses and in the literature can be seen, especially the
speed at which the circles formed.
 Also, Weyleigh reported being
awakened by an electronic trilling
sound, the “crop circle” sound I
have personally witnessed three
times and recorded twice. There is
an old saying that the secret to the
best scams is in the details, and
Weyleigh including this sound in his
report is truly inspired, because he
was attesting to something that had
previously been reported by one of
the world’s authorities on crop
circles: me, Colin Andrews. He was
inculcating honesty and trustworthiness by association.


2. Several researchers were shown
the Oliver’s Castle video at the
Barge Inn near Devizes at 10:50
p.m., on the evening of August 11, a
mere 17 hours after it was allegedly
recorded. All it showed were the
UFOs. John Weyleigh was the only
one who claimed to have seen them
“live.”
3. Before detailed computer analysis
of the film was performed, several
film experts stated that the image
processing required to blend the two
series of events-the formation of
the circles and the flight of UFOs-
would have required a degree of
technical sophistication, as well as
the use of professional editing equipment.
4. What would the motive be for committing time and money to the creation of an elaborate crop circle hoax
video? After the hoax was revealed
and a confession obtained, we have
since arrived at some conclusions
as to why such an operation would
be undertaken.
 There has long been strong
suspicion, along with some anecdotal evidence, that the Oliver’s
Castle video was part of a government-sponsored disinformation
campaign to discredit crop circle
research. After all, the British government did successfully pull off
Operation Blackbird. It is not that
farfetched to conceive of an ongoing disinformation crusade,
signed off on at the highest levels
of government-on both sides of
the Atlantic. Could this have been a
government plot?
The following factors disprove the
film’s authenticity:
1. The identity of the man purporting
to have filmed the UFOs and the
crop circle-John Weyleigh-was
dubious. Many attempts to contact
him were unsuccessful and much of
the information he provided turned
out to be false.
2. One of the first things Weyleigh
wanted to talk about was money. He
offered me a handwritten royalty
contract almost immediately and
seemed to be very interested in how
he could profit from sales and broadcast of the video.
3. The camera appeared to be already
set up for the event, and the crop
pattern conveniently formed in the
exact center of the frame. The
frame did not change during the construction of the crop design, even
as the spheres left the field.
 Weyleigh did not follow the flight
of the balls of light with his camera,
nor did he attempt to zoom in on the
original pair of balls, both of which
are actions that would be expected
if the event and the filming of it were
truly spontaneous. The framing of
the scene suggested that the cameraman already knew about and anticipated the arrival of the second
pair of spheres. Of course, this interpretation would be moot if the
footage was created out of “whole
cloth” in a video editing bay.
4. Weyleigh’s comments on the
soundtrack of his footage fall short
of the level of excitement one would
expect of someone witnessing a
truly transdimenional event.
5. Many research discoveries publicly
attributed to me appear in the sequence, including: Small UFO
spheres seen in the vicinity of the
fields where crop circles appear;

Army personnel showing an interest in crop circles (Weyleigh claims
he was approached by a military
officer who asked him if he had
seen anything, but this encounter was
not seen on the tape); the design of
the pattern is a snowflake, and I have
repeatedly publicly used the phrase
“like a snowflake freezing” to describe specific patterns.
 The claim of hearing an electrostatic crackling or trilling sound before the crop formation appeared, a
direct reference to the crop circle
sound I have personally witnessed
three times and recorded twice; my
repeated statements about the speed
at which witnesses report crop
circles forming; and the snippet of
footage showing the plants oscillating, opening, and dropping to the
ground like a fan, a characteristic I
have described many times.
 It was uncanny! Here, in a few
seconds of video, were all of the elements that were not only typical of
authentic crop circle formations, but
were also points of information I had
spoken and written about countless
times during my career. It was as
though someone had made notes on
elements that I had emphasized over
the years, and then said, “Well, let’s
be sure to add the sound, and make
sure you mention the military guy,
and let’s make it a snowflake, and
let’s have the formation appear in
less than 10 seconds.” The presence of all these factors made me
suspicious and, it would turn out, for
good cause.
6. When my wife Synthia and I first met
Mr. “Weyleigh,” he was extremely
nervous and wanted to leave the moment he obtained my signature on a
handwritten contract granting me a
10 percent share of all monies
earned by the video. Wouldn’t the
natural emotions after filming such
an extraordinary event be elation
and excitement? Why was he so
anxious, unless he was afraid he
would be found out?
These suspicions started the wheels
turning, and immediately I began to speculate on the possible reasons why this man
would go through the trouble of making
such a video if it was, indeed, a hoax.
The question, why would he do this?
kept playing in a loop in my mind.
Why?
I concluded that there were three possible reasons for Weyleigh to make the
Oliver’s Castle video:
Money: How would Weyleigh make
money from the video? Royalties from sales
of the video on VHS and DVD, plus broadcast fees charged to television stations that
wanted to air the video. After Wayleigh was
uncovered as “John Wabe,” and it was
confirmed that the film was a hoax, he came
forward, admitted his involvement-and
then signed a deal with Nippon TV to participate in a documentary about the Oliver’s
Castle video. This led me to believe that he
was trying to recoup whatever profits he
could from the video after he resigned himself to accepting that there would be no
profit from the sale and airing of the original video.
Mischief: Could it be possible that Wabe
would invest his time and money to produce a prank? My initial reaction was “not
bloody likely.” Yet, in a videotaped confession, Wabe claimed he made the video for
“fun” and that it would be “a good laugh.”
He said he had always been interested in
crop circles and that he knew that many
crop circle followers believed UFOs were
making them, so he gave them what they
expected.
A disinformation campaign: This theory
posits that Wabe was hired by governmental agencies to make a hoaxed video as part
of a broader plan to discredit crop circle
researchers. This begs the question: Why
would they bother? Wouldn’t such a video
be done better by NASA or NSA, instead
of some small British film editing company?
Assuming one of the governments were
actually involved, they would have had to
have known that their ruse would have
been uncovered.
After months of speculation, and endless Internet debate, the truth was uncovered: John Weyleigh was actually John
Wabe, and he was a video editor for a company called First Cut in Bristol, England.
Wabe admitted his involvement in making
the film and in disseminating it to myself. I
myself never asked for money from any of
the media outlets I granted permission to
show the Oliver’s Castle footage, so the
whole effort paid Mr. “Weyleigh” nothing
for his efforts.
Ultimately, the truth is known only to
Wabe and his partners, yet fun. His interest in signing a royalty contract almost immediately, however, is persuasive evidence
that they may have also been in it for the
money.
Postscript
In 2002, John “Weyleigh” Wabe and
his partner John Lomas were editors on a
wildlife documentary series called Wildlife, which was produced by the
Scandinature production company. Nice
to see he’s keeping his editing skills up to
snuff, eh?
Snowflake formation featured in the hoaxed Oliver’s Castle video. It was discovered by the
young man who claimed to have filmed UFOs on August 11, 1996.


===================================================================
Chapter 16. Crop Circle Empowerment: The Cost of Deception
By Synthia Andrews

Synthia Andrews is Colin Andrews’s wife. Synthia originally wrote this
piece for Colin’s Website www.cropcircleinfo.com and updated it for this book.
•••
There is an incredible story to be told
about the crop circles of England, and it is
not the one on which most people are focused. It is a story of the spiritual potential
of humans: the potential we have to interact with the living force of nature through
intuition and geometry to create energetically significant, consciousness-shifting
tools. Surprisingly, the majority of crop
circle enthusiasts overlook this truth in the
belief that only a “mysterious force” or
“alien intelligence” can be the creator of
this phenomenon. It may be that a mysterious force or alien intelligence is indeed involved, but certainly people are as well. It
is interesting that the circles are perceived
as valuable only if they are made by a nonhuman source. It is as if we are afraid to be
powerful, co-creative, spiritual beings.

Background
In July 1999 my husband, Colin
Andrews, announced to BBC News the
results of his two-year study into human hoaxing of crop circles. His research indicated that during the two
years of his study, at least 80 percent of
the crop circles he researched (in England) were manmade. This announcement stunned the crop circle
community, largely because Colin was
one of the original crop circle researchers and has been the subject’s primary
proponent for the last two decades. He
started the first research organization,
Circles Phenomenon Research International (CPRI), and has amassed the largest database in the world on the subject.
He was in a unique position to evaluate
the presently occurring formations
against the earlier phenomenon.

The announcement resulted in immediate warfare within the established crop
circle research community. Prominent alternative magazines that purported to
deal in truth refused to publish his statements. Fellow researchers refuted his
report with character assassination rather
than with facts. Interestingly, only a handful of people (mostly scientists) paid attention to the rest of his statement-that
approximately 20 percent of the circles
studied showed no evidence of being
manmade, and that many of these demonstrated a unique magnetic signature.
Although Colin continues to work with
scientists on the magnetic results, as an
intuitive energy healer, I find an equally
compelling mystery lies with the
manmade formations.
Energy healers assist the body’s own
healing processes by attempting to bring
all life systems into harmony through touch,
meditation, prayer, and spiritual and organic
processes. This can be a compliment to
standard medical procedures. The irrefutable evidence of the effects of this placebo
effect proves that not all physical ailments
need medical intervention to improve.
An energy healer believes that the human body is more than a physical entity.
Mind, body, and spirit are unified, coordinated, and animated by interacting energy
systems. These systems interface between
our internal and external environments. If
energy functions are weakened, misaligned,
or missing altogether, then disharmony and
disease result. Although these systems are
largely autonomic, they can be influenced
by the individual, a process often facilitated
by an energy healer.
To review the historical and experiential record on crop circles:
• The first published report of a mysterious circle appearing in an oat
field occurred in 1678. Orange balls
of light were witnessed in the sky at
the time the circle appeared (Witchcraft in Hertfordshire by Lewis
Evans and Hertfordshire Folk
Lore by W.B. Gerish).
• The CPRI database contains firsthand reports from farmers of crop
circles occurring as early as the
1920s, in many of the same fields
in which they appear today.
• Originally, the formations were
simple circles that evolved into
ringed circles and circles with
satellites.
• The simple formations further
evolved during the 1990s into complex patterns.
• The majority of circles have occurred around ancient sacred sites
such as Stonehenge, Avebury, and
other megalithic complexes. The
folklore about these sites includes
the same types of experiences reported in relation to crop circles.
• People entering crop circles experience a sense of spiritual awe.
• The phenomenon occurs worldwide.
• Many formations display complex
geometries.
• Many formations display diatonic
(musical) ratios between component
parts.
• There is an association of crop
circles with water; sometimes the
formations align with watersheds or
underground waterways or even
cattle troughs. The underground
water features are detectable from
the air but not from ground level.

• Magnetic distortions have occurred
inside formations affecting compasses and electrical equipment.
Current research is focusing on
magnetometer surveys.
• A high-pitched, two-toned, electromagnetic sound has been heard by
multiple witnesses on different occasions and has been recorded on
two occasions. A BBC television
crew made one recording and the
effect of the sound damaged their
electronic equipment. A later broadcast of the sound also damaged
broadcasting equipment.
• Some people visiting the circles
experience physiological effects
including heightened awareness,
feeling subtle energies, headaches,
and a profound sense of peace.
• CPRI research conducted with scientist Masahiro Kahata into
brainwave patterns indicates that
brainwaves are affected by proximity to crop circles.
• The circles seem to have healing
properties. People claim spontaneous healings inside some circles.
The use of crop circle photographs
as healing tools is practiced at the
Institute for Resonance Therapy in
Germany and with individual Radionics and energy practitioners.
 The photographs of the crop
circles hold a visible record of the
patterns and designs and can be very
helpful in focusing the intentions of
the therapist to heal. In the case of
the Institute of Resonant Therapy,
computers digitally capture the photograph and, using a proprietary
electronic transfer system, applies
certain frequencies encoded in the
data to the person being healed.
• Scientists have found cellular
changes in plants associated with
crop circles.
• Unidentified balls of light have been
seen and filmed in and around the
formations, as well as in and around
megalithic sacred sites.
• The patterns are hauntingly familiar
and resemble symbols from indigenous cultures. Seeing the patterns
for the first time often has an emotional effect on the viewer.
• The formations contain dowsable
energy, and energy-sensitive individuals, such as Chi Gung master
Nan Lu of the American Taoist
Healing Center in New York, apparently can locate the formations by
feeling for the energy with their
hands.
• The formations usually occur in relation to established lines of earth
energy, known as ley lines.
• The phenomenon is interactive. Patterns have appeared in the fields after people have visualized or
requested them to appear. Researchers have often noticed that after they
consistently observed a feature and
then formulated a hypothesis around
it, the next formation would break the
rule they had just established.
• When Colin Andrews and Pat
Delgado made the phenomenon
public in 1989 with the publication
of Circular Evidence (Bloomsbury
Press), more and more people were
drawn to the fields, some to visit the
mysterious markings and others to
take up the challenge of making
them.
• Most amazingly, as people have
consciously begun to make more of
the formations, the anomalies and
energy effects surrounding the formations continue to occur, even
with known hoaxes, regardless of
the source of the formation.
It is the anomalies that keep people
faithful to the idea of either a supernatural force or aliens as the creator of the
circles. The term “supernatural,” however, merely refers to a natural force
that we do not yet understand. When
you have stood in a field and watched
balls of light move around a crop pattern, it is hard to believe that the circle
was manmade. However, there are substantial reports of these same anomalies
occurring in manmade circles. The apparent irreconcilability of these facts is at the
foundation of the controversy. It may be
time to revise our theories and expand our
understanding.
A Theory of Energy
Humans have been making patterns
and geometric structures to shift consciousness and move energy for thousands of
years. Zuni sand paintings, Tibetan yantras,
and Indian mandalas are a few examples
of geometric patterns used in this way. The
most extravagant examples of energy shifting geometric tools may be Stonehenge in
England and the Great Pyramid in Egypt.
It is noteworthy that Old English folklore
establishes Stonehenge and other stone
circles as sites of spontaneous healing,
observation points for strange lights, and
places where lightning seems to gravitate 1.
The original discoverer of ley lines, Alfred
Watkins, author of The Old Straight
Track2 believed that Stonehenge and other
megalithic monuments are linked together
through energy pathways. The relationship of ancient sacred sites to underground
waterways is also well established. Additionally, the Great Pyramid’s energy effects,
particularly those on physiology, have been
the focus of much study 3. What all of these
ancient monuments have in common is that
they use sacred geometry to constrain and
direct subtle energy for a specific effect.
Paul Devereux writes in his book Secret of Ancient and Sacred Places:
Sacred geometry is the geometry inherent in all nature, whether
it be the energy dance of atoms and
molecules, the formation of a crystal, the growth of a plant or human
skeleton, the motion of weather systems or galaxies. Certain patterns
and ratios are used by nature in
the formation of the manifest universe: The process of becoming is
governed by the implied geometry.
Such geometry is used in magical invocation for the same reasons.
The builders of the ancient sacred
monuments observed the ways of
nature closely and encoded its architecture into their structures so
that the holy places would act as
microcosms of the whole universe4
.
Can it be that crop circles, in utilizing
sacred geometry at energy centers, activate
a heretofore unmeasured energy inherent
in nature?
John Michell writes in his book The New View over Atlantis 5
:
From the relics of the Stone-age
science practiced by the adepts of the
ancient world it appears: first, that
they recognized the existence of natural forces of whose potential we are
now ignorant, and learnt to manipulate them; second, that they gained


thereby certain insights into fundamental questions of philosophy, the
nature of the universe and the relationship between life and death.
He continues: “The work of scientists
such as Baron C. von Reichenbach and Dr.
Wilhelm Reich, further confirms the possibility, indicated in folklore all over the
world, that some form of natural energy
was known in prehistoric times and that a
method was discovered, involving a fusion
of the terrestrial spirit with the solar spark,
by which this energy could be disposed to
human benefit.”6
 Is it possible that in making crop circles today, as in ancient times,
humans are the “terrestrial spirit” fusing
with the “solar spark,” thereby activating
a powerful force of nature?
I am suggesting that what we think of
as causes are really effects. When biologists see cellular changes in plants within
formations, the popular conclusion is that
a powerful force must have been engaged
to create the circle. But what if it is the
reverse? What if a powerful force was released as the result of creating the circle?
The evidence shows that ancient sacred sites are aligned to unseen underground waterways and ley lines. It is
believed this system was part of a subtle
energy matrix the sites were activating and
releasing for human use. Researchers have
noted the same correlations and similar
effects with crop circles, including the same
types of dowsing results. It is also interesting that both crop circles and sacred sites
are associated with reports of strange lights
in the sky and UFO activity. Do they come
because they are drawn to the earth energy
being activated? Are the objects that have
been filmed in crop circles making the
circles, exploring them, or utilizing their
energy?
Dr. Hans Jennings has demonstrated that
sound waves create patterns by vibrating
particles into specific geometries. Changing the frequency of the sound changes the
geometry of the vibrating particles7
. Some
researchers have speculated that sound
waves may have vibrated crops into geometric patterns, thereby creating crop
circles. Isn’t it equally possible that the creation of a living geometry generates a frequency that produces the observed and
recorded sound and activates the energy
effects associated with crop circles?
We live in a unique time in history
during which the arcane knowledge and
mythology of the past are fusing with the
science of the present. Nowhere is this
more in evidence than in the field of medicine. Modern medicine is open in a way it
has never been before to alternative and
complementary medicine theories based on
subtle energy. Some of these healing modalities, such as Radionics and Reiki, create patterns and symbols that establish
precise frequencies and induce specific
healing effects. The healing frequencies are
used to shift mind and/or matter. Is it possible that the crop circles are working in
the same way? Results at the Institute for
Resonance Therapy (IRT) in Cappenberg,
Germany suggest they do. At IRT, crop
circle photographs are used in a complex,
repeatable protocol for healing processes.
They have been used to revitalize forests
and improve farming yields, among others.8
Another piece to the puzzle may be
seen in the work of nature-energy pioneers
such as the founders of Findhorn in Scotland and Perelandra in the United States.
Michelle Small Wright, founder of
Perelandra, has documented in her books
the process of what she calls “co-creative
science”.
9
 In her work she communicates
with the intelligence within nature and uses
geometrical designs to create energy gardens. As at Findhorn, her gardens exceed
the limits imposed by natural laws, as we

know them. Forty-pound cabbages grown
in the barren rock of northern Scotland
would be unbelievable if not seen. Wright
describes this ability to transcend natural
limits as the spiritual growth of humans joining with nature to become co-creators of
the world around us. In fact, we are already co-creators of the world around us,
we simply do it without consciousness or
intention-look at the chaos of modern
times. Perhaps we are being called to return to ancient ways and be co-creative
with nature as a matter of choice, not default, and with conscious intent. Perhaps
crop circles are a step in this direction.
This theory is already being utilized
in California by Mr. Bill Witherspoon, who
makes patterns in the landscape with the
intention of changing the field of consciousness.10 Wouldn’t it be wonderful if people
in all walks of life and places on the earth
began to consciously use geometry and
natural energy in their gardens, landscapes,
homes, offices, and communities? Is this
simply a return to the ancient Chinese practice of feng shui?
The Cost of Deception
Why some researchers and hoaxers
alike want to obscure the truth of the
manmade formations is interesting. Despite
the hate mail and raging controversy over
Colin’s disclosure, most crop circle researchers are already aware that humans
are constructing circles. In 1997, Colin first
began his in-depth investigation into
manmade formations. He hired a detective
to track hoaxers and create a profile for
distinguishing manmade circles. At this
time, farmers were losing patience with the
hoards of people trampling their fields
whenever a formation appeared. To elicit
their cooperation in his study, Colin agreed
to provide the farmers with details of any
known circle-making activity that occurred
on their land. We expected support from
the crop circle research community in
Colin’s efforts to reduce manmade activity, but much to our surprise this generated
an angry furor. Some researchers went so
far as to ask Colin to stop because “why
ruin everyone’s fun?”
In August of 1998, Colin and I attended
a gathering of several researchers at a seaside restaurant in Southsea, Portsmouth.
Photographer Steve Alexander and Karen
Douglas were present. During the discussion Karen and Steve began to explain why
they believed it was a poor decision on
Colin’s part to expose the hoaxers. Karen
explained her thoughts on the value of hoaxing by describing the experience she had
while constructing a circle with Steve for
research purposes several years earlier.11
Karen’s description included how beautiful
it was to be out in the quiet of the night,
joining nature, and in harmony with the landscape as they created a magical formation.
She went on to suggest that exposing
people for their role in creating these sacred formations was misguided. I actually
agree with Karen’s assessment of the value
of manmade circles. But why keep the
method of creation a secret? If manmade
formations are a valuable asset, why not
show everyone how creating sacred geometry in nature can create sacred space
and be a tool of empowerment?
Other circlemakers describe experiences similar to Karen’s. In October of
1996, Colin and I were in Finland at a UFO
convention at which Colin was speaking.
Present in the audience was Robert Irving,
a well-known circle maker. At some point
during the proceedings, Irving introduced
himself and asked to have a meeting. We
agreed to meet in the conference cafeteria.
The conversation was so interesting we
continued it the next day in downtown
Helsinki. At the time, Colin was still resisting his growing alarm at the possibility
that many formations were manmade, and
I was personally quite hostile. I must say I
ended up with a great deal of respect and
genuine liking for Robert Irving.
Irving had been involved in circle making since the early 1990s and was corroborative in much of his detail, confirming site
information that Colin knew was privileged
information between himself and few other
researchers. More interesting, Irving discussed some personal experiences he had
while making the circles. He, like many
circlemakers, claim unusual experiences in
the fields while creating formations.
They speak of lights appearing in the
fields while they are working; about designing a pattern, going into the field to make
the pattern, and creating an entirely different design-one with symbolic impact, or
one that had been previously meditated on
by individuals or groups. John Macnish, in
his book Crop Circle Apocalypse,
12 writes
that the first avowed circlemakers, Doug
and Dave, felt compelled “by an unknown
source” to go out into the fields at night
and create patterns.
To illustrate his motivations in making formations, Irving related an event
during which he entered a pattern the
morning after he and several others had
made it. A number of people were in the
formation and Irving was enjoying hearing their comments, praises, and impressions. He reported witnessing a woman’s
swollen ankle significantly reduce in size
while she was in the formation.
When I asked him directly why
circlemakers didn’t acknowledge the
artwork they created, he said that for
him, if people knew they were
manmade, the magic results would stop
happening. It seemed his opinion was
that the energy effects were induced
by the person’s belief in the mysterious
source of the circles. I disagree. I think
the effects are real, palpable, and part
of ancient knowledge.
This remarkable 200 foot diameter design was positioned precisely in the center of an old
Roman road which could only be seen from hundreds of feet up in an aircraft, making its
positioning from the ground almost impossible.

We live in a time when we need to become more conscious, where we need, in
Colin’s words, “to recognize our place in the
natural world” and find the tools of empowerment necessary to change the direction in
which we are heading. If crop circles are a
part of that, it is time to stop hiding from the
truth and pretending people are not a part of
the magic and mystery. Aliens, or a mysterious force, may have originated the circles
and may still make some or inspire the making of others. Perhaps we are in training. The
importance is that we can use geometries and
natural forces to change our consciousness
and in so doing, the world in which we live.
The cost of deception, of ignoring the
human component, is the loss of the opportunity for spiritual growth. We have the choice
to either give our power to an outside source,
or to embrace our own abilities. Let us accept our spiritual evolution and consciously
begin our training in co-creative living.

Notes
1. Devereux, Paul. Secrets of Ancient and Sacred Places. London: Cassell Publications, 1995, p. 24.
2. Watkins, Alfred. The Old Straight Track. London: Garnstone Press republication, 1970.
3. King, Serge Kahili. Earth Energies. Wheaton, Il.: Theosophical Publishing House, 1992, Chapter 5.
4. Devereux, p. 22. 
5. Michell, John. The New View Over Atlantis. San Francisco: Harper & Row, 1986, p. 197.
6. Mitchell, p. 197.
7. The Institute for Resonance Therapy Cappenberg, 1994 IRT, Cappenberg, Germany: IRT-Cappenberg@T-Online.de.
8. Jennings, Dr. Hans. Cymatics (video) Newmarket, N.H.: MACROmedia, 1986.
9. Smallwrite, Michelle. Behaving as If the God in All Life Matters. Warrenton, Va.: Perelandra, Ltd., Perelandra, Ltd., PO Box
3603, Warrenton, Va. 20188, 1997 update.
10. artheals.org/artists/Witherspoon_Bill_177/
11. June 26-27, 1995, in West Stowell, Wiltshire.
12. Macnish, John. Crop Circle Apocalypse.Wye Valley, South Wales, U.K.:
Circlevision, 1993.


=======================================
Chapter 17. The '80/20' Statement: The Politics of Truth

Knowing is not understanding. There is a great difference between knowing and
understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
-Charles F. Kettering

Hate mail. Threats. Red-faced zealots screaming in my face. Contempt. Media ridicule. Professional
scorn. Hatred. Insults.
These are some of the tribulations I
have had to endure since Wednesday, August 9, 2000, the day I made an announcement on British radio and television that
would change my life.
That day, I announced the outcome of
a two-year long magnetometer survey of
crop circles in England, along with my findings from this investigation into the crop
circle hoaxing problem.
People who had a serious interest in
the crop circle phenomenon-and I am
speaking of those who fervently believed
that all crop circles were of paranormal
origin-thought their world had come to
an end that day.
The furious backlash immediately
heaped upon me made that quite clear.
For several years prior to my announcement, I had been aware of a
growing number of manmade crop
circle formations.
During the mid-1990s, I was shown
confidential information by a BBC journalist who had gone undercover for two years,
and who had worked closely with Dave
Chorley and Doug Bowers-the two most
famous crop circle hoaxers-in an attempt
to establish the truth behind their claims to
be making all the crop circles in England.
I was shown letters mailed by Doug
and Dave that contained the hand-drawn
patterns of crop circles that they planned
to make in Hampshire and Wiltshire, and
also provided dates and places for the formations. On the envelopes of some of these
letters, they had sketched the planned design and then placed a stamp over it. The
envelopes had then been postmarked by
the Royal Mail.
These patterns did appear, and they
appeared where and when the letters had
said they would. On one occasion, Doug
and Dave even made a crop design as a
birthday surprise for the reporter’s young
son.
Unbeknown to Doug and Dave,
though, they were being filmed by this
BBC journalist as they made their circles,
and in ensuing weeks, other hoaxers were
tracked and their handiwork was also
filmed.
This information was devastating to
me . Frankly, I did not want to believe the
evidence being shown to me, as others now
do not want to believe me.
To satisfy my own desire and need for
the truth, I began my own investigation into
human hoaxing of crop circles.
They Laid It Down for All to See
In 1999, I began my investigation into
hoaxing.
I was fortunate and grateful to have
the project fully funded by well-known
philanthropist Laurence Rockefeller as
part of an overall crop circle research
funding package provided by Mr.
Rockefeller himself. Mr. Rockefeller
has funded a number of my research
projects into the crop circle mystery,
beginning in July 1997, when one of his
close advisors asked if I would be interested in submitting for funding consideration a proposal for a long-term
program of research. My proposal was
accepted and, in 1999, I turned my attention to investigating crop circle counterfeiting.
My hoaxing investigation took place in
England during 1999 and 2000.
My research included engaging retired
police detectives as private investigators;
crop circle site inspections; collection of
physical evidence; extensive aerial photography; recording of personal experiences;
and gathering information from the media.
By this time, several media organizations in London and elsewhere, including NBC, the BBC, Nippon TV, Sky TV,
and others, had paid people to create crop
formations for television programs. We
were fortunate to receive help from many
of these media outlets in the form of information as to when crop formations
would be made, who would be making
them, and where they would be located.
We also enlisted the help of undercover
researchers who were able to infiltrate
the hoaxers and convince them that they
could be trusted.
Once we had concrete evidence that a
crop circle was manmade, we went in and
recorded the ground details of the formation with great specificity. We were then
able to look for these same details in aerial
photographs taken of all the patterns in
England during those two years.
In many of the designs we investigated,
we not only found underlying tracks where
people had gained access to vital construction points, but also peg holes were found
where lay-out stakes had been used and
then removed.
When these documented facts were
combined with the undercover films of
people making crop circles, we were able
to reach accurate conclusions as to the
number of formations that were hoaxed in
England during that period.
This was unassailable evidence, and
yet it was still not enough for those
cereozealots who insisted on believing that
every crop circle was “real.”
Based on our research, I concluded that
approximately 80 percent of all the crop
circles we investigated in England from
1999 through the year 2000 were
manmade.
This was one of the most important
research findings to date because it cut to
the core of what was truly important: the
remaining 20 percent of the crop circles
showed no sign of human hands.

And the Band Begins to Play
It all began the morning of August 6,
2000. I received a telephone call at my U.K.
research base in Andover, England from
Francesca Kasteliz of the BBC National
News in London.
She asked a simple question: Did I
have any new crop circle research developments to report?
My answer to that question, and the
events that soon followed, set in motion
an extraordinary wave of change; something that caused joy, as well as anger-
more anger than anything I have ever
witnessed in my life-in the crop circle
community.
Two days after agreeing to share my
latest findings with the BBC, I was standing in a large simple crop circle at Alton
Barnes, Wiltshire with an array of television cameras pointed at me.
I had arrived at approximately 7:30
a.m. as the crew were raising the transmitter mast up into the overcast sky, and making their final preparations for a live
broadcast.
The TV journalist who would be interviewing me arrived shortly thereafter,
and we chatted briefly as we awaited the
word that the segment would begin. We
were minutes from broadcasting the latest crop circle news live throughout Great
Britain.
As is common in England, there was a
heavy fog hugging the field in which we
stood that morning, and fog also blanketed
the hills behind us. The director was hoping the haze would lift in time for the broadcast. There was a complex, manmade crop
formation in the field adjacent to ours, and
he hoped to show it on camera during the
airing of my interview.
Unfortunately, the weather did not cooperate this day, and when we went on the
air, the director had to be satisfied with
showing only the simple circle in which I
stood. I found this truly ironic. Nature had
spoken and she had decided that the complex, manmade designs were to be removed from the equation-at least for this
broadcast.
During the interview, I stated that most
of the complex crop circle designs that we
had investigated were judged to have been
manmade, but that approximately 20 percent of those that we had researched were
not. I then went on to explain that what
was significant about our findings was that
in that 20 percent, magnetic anomalies had
been conclusively recorded and measured
and, again, these readings were only found
in the simple circles.
As I spoke, the BBC showed elaborate animated computer graphics illustrating how magnetism may play a role in the
creation of simple circles.
My interviewer then concluded the
interview by saying, “Well, the mystery
remains.”
Overall, it was a well-produced segment, and I believed that I had succeeded
in communicating my findings to the
world. At the time, I had no idea what kind
of response my words would provoke.
That evening, the first hate mail arrived
in the form of venomous e-mails. This was
followed in the ensuing days by similar
noxious missives in my mailbox. Then the
verbal attacks came from researchers and
members of the public who had not taken
kindly to what I had revealed. I was barred
from farmers’ fields where I had worked
without interference many times; and I was
“disinvited” from a well-known U.S. radio program by the host, who denounced
me as a “deliberate disinformer.” In a letter to me, the host told me that he was certain that I had been lying about my findings.
Around the same time, an article began circulating on the Internet in which the author
accused me of having been “bought off”
by the Rockefeller family. An international
magazine refused to publish details of my
research and results, instead adding to the
anti-Colin-Andrews rhetoric by stating that
I was either a funded disinformer in the
employ of the Rockefeller family, or that I
was being paid by the CIA to deliberately
spread disinformation.
I was stunned by the vitriol that was
hurled my way, and I learned a great deal
about people during this experience. In
the minds of many, my statement had
crossed the line and instantly transformed
me into an enemy. I had evidence to bolster my conclusions, but none of that
mattered. I had said something certain
people had not wanted to hear, and thus,
I was ostracized from the crop circle
community.
I tried to ignore a great deal of this
unpleasant nonsense, but I was not always
successful in avoiding confrontations.
On several occasions, my way into the
fields was blocked by angry researchers or
rabid believers who not only physically
prevented me from doing my work, but also
insisted on confronting me personally so
that they could express their feelings to me
about what I had said.
Grown men stood nose to nose with me,
shouting into my face, spouting crazed nonsense with uncontrolled fury. The behavior
of some of these fanatics was abominable,
and they should be ashamed of themselves.
Thankfully, the situation has improved
somewhat.
In recent months, I have been given the
opportunity to discuss my findings on television, radio, and in print, and what has also
tempered the reaction to my conclusions is
the fact that others-independent researchers with whom I have nothing to do with-
are arriving at the same conclusions.
That said, though, I must acknowledge
that there still exists today an extreme fringe
faction of crop circle devotees who not only
believe that all the patterns around the
world are “real,” but are hell-bent on the
public believing likewise.
One example of this type of blind denial occurred during one of my appearances
on the hugely popular U.S. radio program
Coast to Coast with Art Bell during the
summer of 2002.

On this occasion, George Noory was
hosting the show, and we had already been
on the air for two hours when a caller
phoned in to have his say about my work
and my “80/20” conclusion.
“Everything you have just said is not
true,” he proclaimed.
“What is not true?” George replied.
“I have not heard him say a single thing
that I thought was untrue or, for that matter, unreasonable.”
The caller “non-answered” George’s
question by responding, “It’s just not true.
Ask other researchers like Michael
Glickman or Andy Thomas.”
I then asked George if I could speak
with this caller myself and answer his questions, but as is often the case in these type
of situations, the caller hung up when
George began to challenge his claims.
The reaction by many in this camp
seems to be “Don’t tell me something I
don’t want to hear.” It is not simple disagreement. It appears to be an inability to
modify their position in the face of new
facts.
I believe it is critically important that
those who are finding it difficult to accept
these new discoveries not allow denial to
pummel them into blindness.
Denial and deception-the other “D &
D”-are synonymous with Doug and
Dave in the crop circle field, and the metaphor is apt: Doug and Dave practiced deception and denial for years, and even after
they admitted that they were responsible
for some circlemaking, they continued to
deceive by laying claim to formations they
had nothing to do with.

Hearing Troubles
With hindsight, I now know that my
80/20 statement was wildly misunderstood.
It was misinterpreted as me saying that
all crop circles are manmade, when I had
gone to great pains at the time, and have
continued to do so ever since, to make it
clear that the mysterious, unexplainable 20
percent was a gift to mankind. My statement was also misinterpreted as me saying that 80 percent of crop formations
around the world, and spanning all of history, were manmade. As I said then, and
will say yet again, I was referring to the
crop circles we investigated in England,
in the specific two-year period during
which we conducted our research.
I rocked the boat. I understood why this
happened: Mine was the loudest voice out
there reporting the results and supporting
the research.
It was my face that was seen on TV,
and my voice that was heard on the radio.
It was my findings that were being written
about in books, newspapers, and magazines; and I was the one lecturing around
the world about my conclusions.
There is some small measure of satisfaction in the fact that since that notorious
BBC interview aired, a number of other
crop circle researchers have publicly
agreed with my findings.
It staggers me to realize to what extent
people will go to hang on to their beliefs,
and how hard it is for many to accept
change-even when they are presented
with evidence of the truth.
I have repeatedly said that to prove just
one crop circle real is to establish the presence of a very important phenomenon on
Earth.
I committed thousands of dollars, along
with a great deal of professional expertise
and expensive equipment, towards proving that 54 crop circle events in the United
Kingdom, out of an event total of 236 countrywide crop formations during those two
years, could not be explained.
If we extrapolate, and apply that
number’s ratio to the formations reported
in the rest of the world during 1999 and
2000-236 in 1999, and 175 in 2000-then
82 of the 411 confirmed worldwide crop
circle reports would be unexplained.
A few days after the BBC television
news program aired, I received an invitation from Professor Andrei Ol’khovatov in
Moscow to present my findings at a Geophysicist Congress in Russia, planned to
discuss the Tunguska explosion event of
1908.
Magnetometer anomalies had been discovered at the Tunguska site, and the Russian scientists wanted to check their
findings against the magnetometer readings
I recorded in authentic crop circles.
The Russian scientists wanted to learn
more about the real crop circles, especially
after hearing that my research had determined that there was, indeed, a baffling
mystery in the crop circle phenomenon.
They were especially intrigued by findings
showing that numerous simple crop designs had strange magnetic anomalies associated with them.
•••
I have often been asked why I made
my announcement before conferring with
my fellow researchers and allowing a peer
review process to confirm my results.
It’s a good question.
The answer is that I felt then-and,
in fact, I still feel-a strong sense of societal, scientific, and moral responsibility surrounding my work. I carry the unasked-for
title of best-known voice on the subject of
crop circles and I feel strongly that my
role is to keep everyone informed. Fellow

researchers, scientists, governments, and
the public all deserve nothing less than the
best data I can provide, and I decided that
it was best to go public with my findings as
soon as possible.
I have willingly presented my research
to government scientists, the British and
German governments, indigenous people
in many countries, individual seekers of
truth, and religious leaders.
It is very important that the truth be told.
What is happening on earth with the
“signs” of the crop circles is of great significance to many cultures.
The council of Hopi Elders, for instance, are the caretakers of a prophecy
that has been kept secret for hundreds
of years. The prophecy is known to concern profound changes in the world that
would manifest as changes in human behavior, attitudes, and consciousness, accompanied by visible environmental
changes. The Hopis believe they hold a
sacred responsibility to reveal the prophecy to the United Nations when they see
the signs that signal the beginning of the
changes that have been foretold. The
Hopis believe that the crop circle phenomenon plays a role in this prophecy,
and they have eagerly embraced my research and used it to help them further
understand what is going on.1
I speak of the Hopis to make the
point that there are many people all over
Hopi Elder Thomas Benjaca.
the world carefully monitoring the crop
circle enigma and it is to them I feel I
owe the greatest responsibility with my
work.

Notes
1 See www.memorologyllc.com/CropCircleInfo/Research_Route_5.htm.

==================================================
Chapter 18. Half and Half: Where I Stand Today

I am half scientist and half intuitive.
-Colin Andrews

I have learned a great deal about crop
circles since driving along that road
near Stonehenge in July 1983, and I have
learned perhaps even more about people. I
will try to state for the record where I stand
today.

What I Know Now That I Did Not Know Then About Crop Circles:
• There is a real mystery involved in
their creation and in their purpose.
• They frequently appear in ancient
places.
• The geometries of crop circles are
found in the artifacts of ancient cultures, especially their writings and
artwork.
• There are “hot spots” of crop circle
activity around the world.
• Absolute proof of a real phenomenon is elusive using current scientific technology.
• The symbols seen in crop circles
often bring together a wide range
of people.
• The vast majority of crop circles
appear in vegetation which we later
consume.
• Crop circles attract extraordinary attention when they appear.
• The patterns have evolved over
time, and some designs now have
identifiable meaning.
• There is frequently a high level of
interference with electronic equipment inside the crop circles.
About People:
• A cult-like, pseudoreligious obsession with the crop circle mystery
has formed more quickly than I
would have ever expected.
• Crop circles are now perceived by
some people to hold great spiritual
meaning, as well as possible scientific potential, and this has sparked
creative thinking and new ideas in
many who are studying the phenomenon. The mystery has become
a catalyst for the pursuit of knowledge.
• Fear of the unknown has created a
faction of organized, vocal skeptics,
a group whose voices sometimes
seem to be louder than those of the
individuals objectively seeking the
truth.
• Religious belief systems are challenged by the crop circle enigma.
People who are committed to a particular religious philosophy feel ill
at ease attributing any profound
meaning or significance to the crop
circle mystery.
• Some of the first people to respond
to my research findings were representatives from intelligence organizations in the United States,
Germany, and the United Kingdom.
Many of them infiltrated research
groups, and some even visited
researcher’s homes and spoke to
their families in an effort to acquire
information about the burgeoning
crop circle mystery.
• The benign and beautiful subject of
crop circles has provided a unique
glimpse into human behavior, and I
often think that we have learned
more in the past 20 years about
people, than about crop circles. Sad
to say, not all of what we have
learned about the behavior of certain members of the human family
is encouraging.
•••

Nothing you read anywhere-not
even in this book-will fully explain the
crop circle mystery; not today or even
tomorrow.
The enigma may never be fully explained, but I am certain that we are being
given hints as to where it comes from, and
where it might be going.
These hints are fascinating, and they
fill me with intrigue and excitement. But
not having all the answers does not mean
that we should stop using our imagination
in an attempt to understand. Imagining
possible futures and searching for answers
is what drives the evolving engine of human potential, and it is what contributes to
the growth of our human civilization.
It is quite possible that mankind will
never fully understand the intricate workings of the master plan of our existence.
But we are regularly being given hints and
clues, and I think that many of us have
evolved enough to intuitively sense when
we are being presented with glimpses of
the underlying structure of this master plan.
The crop circle mystery could simply
be outside our realm of understanding. The
answers may be locked in a dimension
somewhere external to the boundaries of
our current reality. Some crop researchers
have speculated that the crop circle patterns
are visible energy discharges between dimensions, and that we can only see half
(or less) of the actual anomaly. That may
be true, and the theory illustrates the difficulties-knowing what to consider and
what to reject-when working with the
crop circle riddle.
We are now living in an age of microbiology, genetic engineering, and
nanotechnology. We are regularly creating
new materials and developing new techniques that allow us to employ the highest
levels of technological skills known to man
in our pursuit of knowledge. Eyeing some
hoped-for human benefit, we are now able
to combine genes from the plant kingdom
with genes from the animal kingdom. Man
can now play God, but as we enter the 21st
century acting as God, we should understand that this does not make us God.
One alarming reality of our current biotechnological developments and genetic
manipulations is that there is not a single
scientist working in this field today who
can state with certainty what the effect on
other species, the environment, or man
himself will be from incorporating these
new, genetically contrived creations into
nature.
This lack of knowledge, however, has
not stopped or prevented the introduction
of these products into the biosphere. Today, 65 percent of all soybeans packaged
for human consumption in the United
States are genetically altered. Only time
will tell what the effects are of the incorporation of genetically altered foods and
animals into the human gene pool.
Those of you reading this book are seeing through eyes that see what no one of
any other era has seen. We have seen man
unleash the power of the atom to produce
both extraordinary levels of energy, and an
extraordinary power to destroy. And we did
this before we fully understood the ramifications of such a monumental act, and before we knew what to do with the
byproducts of nuclear energy. We now store
radioactive materials under mountains, but
this does not assure the safety of mankind.
Only metal cans and concrete stand between us and deadly harm. And to make
matters worse, some nations simply dump
their nuclear waste into the sea.
These are frightening realities of our
modern age, and another of those realities
is that we live in troubling times with more
questions than answers.
Curiously, into this amalgam of threats
comes the crop circles: What do the crop
circles mean to us?
I believe that we need to understand
the role that human consciousness plays in
the crop circle enigma. Darwin was right:
On this planet, only the fittest survive.
But that oversimplifies the paradigm
of life on earth by not factoring in the will
of a species to survive-consciously or unconsciously-and how deliberately applied
means of survival affect this equation.
I believe that all species on earth feel
the constant threat of extinction. Call it the
“high mind”-another term for Jung’s collective unconscious-a sensory self that
registers and responds to threats on a purely
instinctual basis. Animals instinctively use
strength and/or flight (depending upon the
threatening animal) to maintain their place
in the ecology.
Man also uses the ability to dominate
both animals and other humans, but there
is an additional factor in man’s quest for
survival. We can use our spiritual awareness, our intelligence, and our emotional
identity to apply compassion, love, and
empathy to our actions. These emotions are
quite powerful and cannot be faked (although many politicians, in their quest for
power and wealth, try to fake feelings on a
regular basis). When our intentions are sincere and deeply held, the results can be
amazing.
In the beginning days of my research
into crop circles, I realized that the clues-
and sometimes the answers-that I sought
were often provided for me if I prayed quietly, with an open heart, and endeavoring
to maintain a genuineness and sincerity in
my requests.
I have experienced some incredible
things. And what was common to all of my
most profound revelations was that I had
asked not for a final answer, but instead,
for true knowledge and spiritual awareness.
From those prayers came a glorious event
or stunning clue that helped shine a brighter
light on this puzzling enigma.
I have heard both male and female
voices speaking to me in single, sometimes
cryptic sentences. I have had a Celtic Cross
crop pattern appear close to my home
shortly after I prayed for just such a symbol. I have heard strange sounds inside crop
circles that still cannot be explained. And I
am not alone in these experiences. Other
sincere researchers have reported similar
happenings.
Here are two of the most intriguing
examples:
• Filmmaker William Gazecki told
me that when he arrived in England
to start filming his movie Crop
Circles: Quest for Truth, he asked
for a crop circle to appear and one
did-right outside his bedroom window that night.
• Inventor and engineer Mike Curry
left a surveillance operation at
Blackland, Wiltshire after having witnessed a dumbbell crop formation
appear in a field fully monitored and
protected by cameras and infrared
beams to stop intruders. Even with
all this surveillance, the crop pattern
appeared unbidden, in a small bank
of fog and without detection or being seen by the cameras. Mike left
the site frustrated and confused, repeatedly asking the question: Could
this happen anywhere and at any
time? He was still puzzled when he
arrived at his home, which is several hundred miles north of the
surveillance site. He woke the
next day to find the identical crop
design in the field outside his bedroom window.
Also, there have been many occasions
when it seems as though the creators of the
circles have listened in on conversations
between researchers and then acted in response to what was specifically discussed.
One day, while flying over southern
England with Busty Taylor, Busty commented to me that he would love to someday find all the previous crop designs
wrapped into one stunning new formation.
The next day, just such a formation appeared, precisely below where the aircraft
had been when Busty had expressed his
wish 24 hours earlier.
Pat Delgado and I were once discussing the law of angular momentum, the law
of physics that describes the direction and
velocity of spin in natural vortices. We were
standing in a field at the time and talking
about the fact that all the crop circles that
had rings around them complied with this
law. The next day a new crop circle appeared in the field next to where we had
stood. This new formation, for the first time
in our research, did not comply with the
law of angular momentum.
The examples are numerous, and they
have convinced me that some form of intelligence is involved in this mystery, and
that this intelligence seems to be aware of
our thoughts. I began to hint at this conclusion publicly towards the end of the
1980s.
But I completely agree with those who
say that extraordinary claims need to be
backed up with extraordinary evidence.
In the case of these crop circle experiences, this is difficult, for how does one scientifically prove-after the fact-that any
one of the people involved did pray, or did
make the statements they claim to have
made? The demand for that evidence and
the questions of skeptics are important to
public debate, however, and are an important part of understanding the crop circle
phenomenon.
Over time, I have established cordial,
yet guarded, relationships with some of
the people making counterfeit crop
circles. Many of them have told me of
strange experiences in the fields while
making crop circles, and some of these
events so closely resembled what I, along
with other serious researchers, had witnessed, that sometimes I felt as though I
was listening to myself, or one of my colleagues talking.
Some of these circlemakers had seen
globes flying above the fields, inexplicable
flashes of light, sudden shadows, and many
other anomalous happenings.
One of these counterfeiters is a man
named Rodney Dickinson, who is from a
group in London using the unfortunate
name of “Team Satan,” (although they also
call themselves the Circlemakers). Rodney
has taken several of the most impressive
photographs of UFOs ever seen. Rodney
also has videotaped UFOs and is credited
with some of the best UFO footage ever
obtained. All of Rodney’s photographic
evidence of UFOs was shot from inside
crop circles.
I have received similar reports from
many other hoaxers, and I have concluded
that it is possible that they may have something significant to contribute to the picture. Of course, all the work of the serious
researchers would be much easier if the
hoaxers would simply stop doing what they
are doing, but that is unlikely, and it seems
as though the phenomenon has begun to
use them in its own mystifying way.
If researchers and hoaxers have the
same paranormal experiences in and
around crop circles, whether the circles
are manmade or genuine, we have a very
interesting situation. Both sides of this
equation witness the paranormal, and yet
each interprets these events within the context of their own reality. The researchers
are trying to prove that some of the crop
circles on earth are “real,” while the hoaxers attempt to test these claims with counterfeits. It is while this dance goes on that
the major clues manifest themselves and,
hopefully, some day, we will all see the complete picture.
I believe that we are all involved in some
kind of experiment with consciousness.
None of us now know whose experiment it is, but if it does not belong to an
off-planet source, then we should own it
ourselves, because it may be important to
our future.
Something strange is going on, and I
think the hearts and souls of the researchers and hoaxers hold the answers. I believe that our God-given ability to think and
act with highly evolved brain functions,
manifested in such elevated emotions as
love and compassion, links us to the Divine. When we explore the crop circle phenomenon with these qualities in place, an
emotional energy is produced that seems
to put us “online” with the creators of the
crop circles. As all lifeforms live and die
by the message codes of their DNA, so,
perhaps, is the message of the crop circles
similarly encoded, and honesty and an
open heart are the keys to a true understanding of this communication.
I do think that this makes sense, and
that it helps to explain why these strange
things happen at places where crop circle
researchers and crop circle counterfeiters regularly meet: inside the crop
circles.
A fascinating element of the mystery
is the glowing orbs that are regularly seen
near, and occasionally inside the crop
circles. They have been witnessed and
filmed many times and I have no doubt that
they are real and that they have something
to do with the intelligence behind crop
circles.
I saw my first ball of light in 1986
while waiting for Dr. Terrence Meaden at
a crop formation. The orb moved behind
the only small cumulus cloud in that part
of the sky and remained there. The moment
I locked onto it with my eyes, it suddenly
seemed to be aware of me and it began to
move in a deliberate manner, almost as if
it were toying with me. Also, when I later
asked for some kind of clue as to the true
nature of the crop circles, the alarming
“crop circle sound” began and I became
quite afraid. As soon as I became fearful,
the noise stopped, as if the source of the
sound was aware of my fear and responded
to restore an emotional balance for me.
How much of this was created by my
own mind? Skeptics will tell you, “all of
it.”
But could it be that the orbs are not
machines built by some alien beings, but
are “nature’s machines”-visual manifestations of some kind of natural energy that
serve to connect one dimension to another?
•••
There seems to be a yin/yang paradigm
in the game that is being jointly played out
by the researchers and the hoaxers. Is it
possible that the players on both sides of
the game board are vital to the ultimate understanding of the mystery, and that the
answers will be found in a study of human
consciousness?
After two decades of research I can not
say how the crop circles are made but, perhaps more importantly, I believe I know
why.
I believe that human beings are an
essential and integral part of what is occurring in the crop fields around the
world-in what is manifesting as crop
circles. The designs encompass both
spiritual and natural elements, some of
which can be “read” mathematically. I believe that they are being offered to us at a
time when our “living” planet is in trouble,
much of which we ourselves have caused.
I think we are being summoned to address these problems, but first we must
come to terms with ourselves and ask the
questions, “Who are we?” and “What contributions can we make that will benefit all
life on earth?” We may never know why
we are here. But we do know that we are
here as a species, and that we need to determine our ultimate fate.
We have limited resources on Earth.
Sharing these fragile gifts should be our
highest priority as we enter this new and
critical millennium.
If we do not recognize our
interconnectedness with all of nature, then
we will continue our environmental-and
spiritual-downslide.
Our future, and the future of all life on
earth, will depend upon respecting ourselves, and respecting the living planet.
We all have to share this responsibility.
I believe that all of this ties in with crop
circle consciousness.
We are being challenged to learn, and
the tools of our instruction are ancient spiritual symbols, mandalas, and other innate,
natural patterns.
We are being touched by the angels, and
given the chance to learn about ourselves.
Since 1975, there has been a consistent cascade of beautiful crop circles, and
there were random reports of formations
even earlier.
This coincides with a time of extraordinary and unprecedented changes in our
world.
Human survival seems threatened in
ways never before seen-profound environmental degradation, war and the threat
of war, political upheaval, terrorism of all
types, religious conflict, poverty, starvation,
natural disasters, and more. And yet now,
with the Damoclean sword of extinction
hanging over our head, the signs of contact appeared.
Who-or what-is making contact with
us? It is not yet clear if we have made contact with a paradimensional part of ourselves, or with something or someone else.
Scientists at Purdue University, doing research funded by the U.S. Department of
Energy, have discovered the possible existence of other dimensions outside the three
spatial dimensions of length, width, and
height. In a paper published in the November 4, 2002 issue of Physical Review Letters, Purdue physics professor Ephraim
Fischbach wrote, “A new kind of gravitylike force would be the fingerprint of the
fact that we may really live in a world that is
more than three spatial dimensions. You
wouldn’t see this force over large distances,
but you could see it over small distances.”
Some crop circle theorists have long suggested that the crop patterns may be energy
signatures from another dimension. If this is
the case, and we are, indeed living in more
than three dimensions, then it is quite possible that some yet-to-be identified energy,
which may be part of human consciousness,
is playing a role in the crop circle enigma.
I believe that what is taking place in
the fields of our planet is evidence of signs
of contact, and that the orbs and other associated phenomenon are further proof that
this contact-the source of which may be
Professor Fischbach’s other dimensions-
is transdimensional and important enough
to cross the barriers between these states
of being.
The crop designs run parallel to other
major signs of change on earth.
Is the source a spiritual one? Are we
being urged towards a new awakening in
our consciousness?
I believe we are being given a wakeup call and that it is our responsibility to
acknowledge the message, and take action.
A closing thought: I believe that all
good has come from positive thinking. Our
forefathers all believed in a wonderful future, and acted to make it so.
A positive thought is a construct of
hopeful energy sent out into the world.
Like some of our friends in the indigenous peoples who safeguard and study
ancient prophecies that speak of signs of
change, we, too, should observe the multiple signs of change occurring around us-
in our beliefs, our industries, our politics,
and our environment-but especially in our
fields.
We should respond to our intuition. We
can not afford not to.


====================================================
Part VI. At the Movies


Chapter 19. Crop Circle Movies and Documentaries

Abigail Breslin, Patricia Kalember
“Colin, of all the people we knew of,
has had the longest career researching
the crop circles and has the largest
database of information. I’ve been
working with Colin almost exclusively
because, of all the people, he’s the cream
of the crop.”
-Warren Betts, publicity director
for the movie Signs

This chapter looks at a small sampling
of the many films and documentaries that look at paranormal phenomena in general, and crop circles specifically. This is but a tiny representation
of the many resources available to the crop
circle enthusiast.
21.1 Signs (2002)
• Feature Film
• Writer and Director: M. Night
Shyamalan
• Disney/Touchstone
• Rated PG-13
• Starring: Mel Gibson, Joaquin Phoenix, Cherry Jones, Rory Culkin,

My involvement with the movie Signs
was to provide visual materials and information about 15 crop circle events to
Touchstone/Disney for use during the promotion of the film and afterward. (By the
way, I do not know with certainty that the
title of the movie was drawn from my work,
but I have been describing crop formations as “signs” for more than a decade,
and it seems as though this particular element of my message struck a chord with
Night Shyamalan and the producers of the
film.)

Colin standing beside a poster for the movie
Signs.

The crop circle events I chose were
all very important manifestations about
which I was able to provide significant
amounts of data, including reports of recorded paranormal activity in the formations. They were all very dramatic, very
impressive patterns and I had a number of
aerial photographs of each of them.
These photographs were used to promote the movie, and the studio is continuing to use my pictures and information in
materials pertaining to the film.
Touchstone/Disney also asked that I
make myself available for media questions
regarding crop circles, and I willingly
agreed to that request. I was, in a sense,
the studio’s “point man” for specific questions about the phenomenon. Sometimes,
questions were passed on to me from the
studio; sometimes I dealt with the media
people one on one.
My Thoughts About the Film
Signs is an exciting and scary science
fiction film that uses crop circles as a plot
device to advance its “alien invasion”
storyline.
I thought the script was quite clever,
and I found interesting the suggestions
scattered throughout the story that, for instance, extraterrestrials can read our minds.
There is a scene in which the daughter of
the farmer played by Mel Gibson says to
her father, “ETs can’t read our minds, can
they?” And the implication is, “Why yes,
of course, they can.” I also liked that director and writer Night Shyamalan hinted
that the concept of synchronicity-the
theory of the coincidence of events that
seem to be meaningfully related-might
not, in fact, be what we think it is. It did
provide food for thought.
This is interesting writing and adds to
the forward movement of the story, but I
do not think the movie itself does very
much to further the serious study of crop
circles.
In essence, the crop circle phenomenon, which I believe has already offered
a great deal for mankind, and will continue
to offer much more, was used solely as a
device in a typical Hollywood extravaganza, complete with the standard
“razzmatazz” of threatening aliens, frightening scenes, and expensive special effects.
There was very little real insight into the
phenomena, and, in a sense, the film debased what many of us believe is the true
purpose of the manifestations: spiritual enlightenment and higher consciousness. In
Signs, the crop circles are used as landing
signals for an alien invasion: a negative,
evil purpose.
But, hey, that’s show business, right?
I also felt that the overall sentiment of
the film-and I base this not only on the
script but on some of the comments made
by the actors on the film-was skeptical.
Some of the comments I heard gave the
impression that almost everybody involved
with the movie believed that all of the
world’s crop formations were hoaxes, and
that there were no paranormal events going on in the fields. This was regrettable,
in my opinion. Everyone involved in Signs
had the opportunity to further the discussion of the real phenomena taking place
on our planet.
Shyamalan did, to his credit, leave
some doors open. He did leave room for
the possibility that crop circles were real,
and that there might be some benefit to
mankind if we try to understand them, but
overall, the feeling one comes away with
after viewing Signs is that crop circles are
hoaxes, and that if they were real, they
would likely be used for nefarious purposes.
As I said, I found this regrettable.
21.2 Crop Circles:
Quest for Truth (2002)
• Director: William Gazecki
• OpenAge Media
• Not Rated
• Starring: Colin Andrews, Nancy
Talbott, Steve Alexander, Busty
Taylor, Michael Glickman, Andy
Thomas, and others.
A magnificent look at the phenomena and, in fact, this is the crop circle
documentary that absolutely needed to
be made, and which should be must-viewing for every person involved in government at any level anywhere around the
world. Something is happening on our
planet, and Quest for Truth takes a reasoned, comprehensive look at what might
be going on.
The film alternates between one-onone interviews with researchers, photographers, writers, farmers, and witnesses,
and stunning footage of crop formations
in England, most of it in
the form of aerial photography. The original music
is reverential and uplifting, and director Gazecki
wisely keeps himself out
of the picture and allows
his experts and the crop
circles to speak for
themselves.
Hopefully, this will
get wide airing on network or cable, and be
readily available for
rental. It really is an important overview of
something quite extraordinary and is also a truly
moving and emotional viewing experience.
21.3 A Place to Stay (2002)
• Feature Film
• Director: Marcus Thompson
• Hollywood Daze Motion Pictures
• Not rated
• Starring: Johnny Dallas, Amanda
Ray King, Colm O’Maonlai,
Miranda Llewellyn Jenkins, Joe
Ferrera, Graham Elwell
I was chief consultant on this emotionally powerful film set in Alton Barnes,
England, and writer and director Marcus
Thompson successfully communicates
the lure of crop circles, interwoven with
a powerful and dramatic love story. My
1991 documentary Undeniable Evidence was apparently the inspiration for
Thompson to create A Place to Stay, and
I was greatly honored to play myself in
the movie. The movie is an engaging romance with X-File-type elements that
will appeal to the conspiracy-minded
viewer. The film is slated to debut at the
2003 Sundance Festival and then will be
released to theaters.
Colin shaking the hand of William Gazecki, director of Crop Circles:
Quest for Truth.

21.4
Undeniable Evidence (1991)
• Documentary
• Director: Kevin Redpath
• ARK Soundwaves
• Not rated
• Starring: Colin Andrews
This is a comprehensive crop circles
documentary written, produced, and starring Colin Andrews. It includes coverage
of the scientific research to that point; interviews with farmers and eyewitnesses; a
lengthy interpretative narration by me,
Colin Andrews; and, of course, stunning
images-both on video and in still photographs-of crop formations and the beautiful English countryside. The video is still
in print and is available for purchase from
many book and video Websites. Undeniable Evidence can also often be found in
video stores for rental, such as Blockbuster.
It is highly recommended.

21.5 History’s Mysteries:
Crop Circle Controversy (2000)
• Documentary
• Host: Arthur Kent
• The History Channel, A & E Networks
• Not rated
• Starring: Colin Andrews, Nancy
Talbot, Lucy Pringle, George
Bishop, John Lundberg, Douglas
Bower, Terry Wilson, farmers.
This brief documentary (40 minutes
that ran as an hour on The History Channel) does a decent job of introducing the
viewer to the crop circle phenomenon and
covering all the myriad elements of the
mystery, albeit somewhat perfunctorily.
Everything seems to be here: The Barge
Inn, the Princess Diana story, historical
accounts of crop circles, the various theories and, of course, Doug and Dave. To
the producers’ credit, though, the documentary makes the argument that Doug
and Dave’s story has a great many holes
in it, and that it cannot account for the
worldwide extent of the phenomenon.
(One of the best lines in the piece is “How
can a worldwide phenomenon be explained
by two guys and a board?”) The documentary covers my “80/20” statement
(see Chapter 18), and also, unfortunately,
tries to make a connection between a
single case of crop circles appearing close
to a mysterious cattle mutilation (see
Chapter 4.11).
One of the highlights of the documentary is an interview with admitted crop
circle “artist” John Lundberg who, in the
end, seems to support the theory that there
is a real phenomenon outside of the work
of the hoaxers. All in all, a quality documentary done with the attention to detail
one would expect from The History Channel.

21.6 Ultimate Crop Circles: Signs from Space? (DVD, 2002)
• Documentary
• Director: Tim Werenko
• Central Park Media
• Not rated
• Starring: Colin Andrews, Peter
Robbins
This interactive DVD consists of a
lengthy one-on-one interview with me,
conducted by UFOlogist Peter Robbins,
author of the best-selling book, Left at East
Gate. The interview is broken into several
sections: Beginnings, Personal Cost, Set
Up, Enter the CIA, Pressured, Full Circle,
Intelligence, and Then and Now. The DVD
also includes an extensive still photograph
gallery accompanied by my commentary,
along with several video segments, most
notably the complete footage of the
Oliver’s Castle video (see Chapter 16).

==========================================
Closing Words: Carrying Out Instructions

What I have learned during my 20
years researching crop circles is
that interaction is occurring between a creative intelligence and the human mind. This realization has impacted
me greatly.
There is overwhelming evidence of
signs of contact.
What I see, and what I have faith in, is
that it was never intended that we “believe”
in crop circles, but, instead, that they serve
as a tool for us to learn more about ourselves.
Moody Blues singer and crop circle
enthusiast Mike Pinder recently reminded
me of words he wrote some time ago, “We
are lost in a lost world.” Now, more than
ever, we need to believe in something and,
most importantly, we need to believe in
ourselves.
Crop circles are the visual manifestation of an experiment with human consciousness. My research and study has
proven to me that we, as a species that has
a powerful spiritual side to its being, do
have what it takes to create a new and sustainable future for our planet and ourselves.
Sadly, it is late in the day for this realization, and there are many who still do not
see the truth. But we must apply ourselves
to the urgent needs of our species and our
planet because, frankly, we do no have a
single moment to waste.
Our complete disregard for the environment has already taken an enormous
toll on all living things, and is easily seen
on a planetwide scale. As I write this, a
sunken oil tanker sits at the bottom of the
ocean off the coast of Spain. If its hull ruptures (and many experts believe it will),
the oil it releases into the ocean will be
double what was spilled by the Exxon
Valdez. We cannot go on like this. Clearly,
a change in human attitude is called for.
In my view, the number of crop circles
that are manmade versus those that are not,
has become irrelevant. All the signs in the
fields play a role in awakening mankind
to the ongoing opportunity to reverse our
self-destructive course and achieve true
spiritual maturity.
To convince the masses of the importance of this quest, however, we must all
do our work, and speak our message, with
humility, respect, and above all, honesty.
We are all in this together: researchers, the lay public and those who make
counterfeit crop circles.
When the whole picture ultimately
unfolds, I think it will be seen that we were
all just carrying out instructions.
-Colin Andrews
December 1, 2002


Appendices

=============================================
Appendix A. A Crop Circle F.A.Q.

The FAQ-Frequently Asked Questions-file is common on the
Internet these days, and is found on
Websites and newsgroups that regularly
have new visitors and sign up new
members.
Many sites and newsgroups focus on
a single subject (UFOs, the Civil War,
Spanish cooking) and present and discuss
a great deal of information, resulting in a
flood of data that could be daunting to a
newcomer.
This FAQ by no means covers the
entire range of information and knowledge about the subject of crop circles, but
its 15 questions are the ones most commonly asked, and we have attempted to
answer them concisely, accurately, and
completely.
More information on all the topics
covered in these questions can be found
elsewhere in this book.
1. What are crop circles?
2. Aren’t all crop circles
manmade?
3. Where are most crop circles
found?
4. What kinds of vegetation are
crop circles found in?
5. Is there a particular time of the
year that crop circles appear?
6. How can you tell when a crop
circle is real?
7. Who are Doug and Dave?
8. Is it true that all crop circles are
made by aliens and UFOs?
9. Has anyone ever seen a crop
circle form?
10. Have crop circles ever appeared
in exactly the same place?
11. How long do crop circles last?
12. How large are crop circles?
13. What happens to the plants
inside crop circles? Are they cut
or broken? Is it true some
plants are burned?
14. Are the plants always swirled in
one particular direction?
15. Have “crop” circles ever been
reported in snow?

1. What Are Crop Circles?
A. Crop circles are geometric designs
created in fields when cereal crops
such as wheat, oats, oil-seed rape (canola),
and corn are flattened. Originally, they were
simple circular areas in vegetation in which
the plants were bent over at right angles
and swirled to the ground in a uniform fashion. In the past 13 years, more complex
patterns have appeared, which include
straight lines, appendages and extensions
in various shapes, and repetitive geometric patterns. The word “pictogram” is used
to describe these agriglyphs.
2. Aren’t All
Crop Circles Manmade?
A. Absolutely not. There is concrete sci entific evidence 
that many crop formations show no sign of human creation. 
Before 1989 and the publication of my first book,
Circular Evidence (the first book written about
the crop circle phenomenon), very few crop
circles were manmade. As the subject of crop
circles received increasing publicity over the
ensuing years, the number of counterfeits increased dramatically. I believe very strongly,
however, that the manmade factor is important and must not be ignored or cavalierly dismissed. All activity in the fields, regardless of
its source, should be fully researched. That
being said, I again state with certainty that the
truth would be revealed much sooner if all hoaxing ceased immediately.
3. Where Are Most Crop
Circles Found?
A. The majority of crop circles, both historically and currently, are in England,
with a high concentration of formations in
southern central England. Other “hot spots”
include Germany, the United States, Canada,
and the Netherlands. They have appeared
in dozens of countries all over the world (see
Chapter 5).
4. What Kinds of Vegetation Are Crop Circles Found in?
A. Crop circles are found in the whole
range of cereal crops, with the vast
majority found in barley and wheat. They
also appear in oats and many other forms
of vegetation, including canola (called oil
seed rape in United Kingdom), long grass,
corn, tobacco, and rice. There have been a
few reports of crop circles in vegetable
crops, especially spinach and potatoes.
Crop formations have also been found in
groves of small trees.
5. Is There a Particular Time of the
Year That Crop Circles Appear?
AIn the northern hemisphere, crop
circles appear from late April until
early September This coincides with the
period of the growing season when the vegetation has grown in excess of three inches
in height.
6. How Can You Tell
When a Crop Circle Is Real?
A. These days, identifying genuine formations by physical inspection
alone is becoming increasingly difficult,
and often requires scientific equipment
and testing to confirm authenticity. In
the 1980s, crop circles rarely drew visitors, and thus, no damage was done to
the site after initial discovery. It is a different situation today. In addition to a
site being compromised by tourists
tramping through the fields, many formations that are initially thought to be
genuine are, in fact, counterfeits. This
is due in large part to hoaxers applying
to their fakes the characteristics researchers recorded and reported in the
early years of the phenomenon.
That being said, there are certain key
signature characteristics that can be looked
for when trying to identify a real circle. If
the following are found in a crop circle, the
formation is probably authentic.
• There are no tracks into the circle.
• There are no signs of interference
with the soil or the plants at points
in the circle where hoaxers would
have had to stand to create the
formation.
• The plants are not damaged.
• The plants are more vibrant in appearance and the root structure is
more extensive than usual.
• The swirl symmetry is even and
there is usually two or fewer rotations of the spiral vein of the circle
before it strikes the standing wall of
the circle’s circumference.
• There are magnetic and electrostatic
anomalies in the formation, and
compass rotation occurs when inside the circle.
• The plants are changed at the cellular level.
• Small quantities of an unknown
magnetic material are found in the
crop circle’s soil and impregnated
into the plant tissue.
• A magnetic profile as registered on
a magnetometer mimics the actual
design of the crop circle.
• The profile of the electrostatic field
found in a crop circle shows unusual
patterning.
Features that have long been associated with real circles but have, in the last
20 years, been perfected by those making
counterfeits include:
• Very precise geometries made without obvious mistakes.
• Well-formed cut-off lines around the
circle or pattern.
• The plants involved are bent over
evenly during the early stages of
growth. In later stages, though, the
plants are broken. This “bending but
not breaking” feature has not been
successfully hoaxed in oil-seed rape
(canola) plants.
• Some impressive spiral veins have
been reproduced.
It should be kept in mind that all of
these features have not been achieved with
some evidence of human involvement and
this is another way researchers can distinguish counterfeits from the authentic
formations.
7. Who Are Doug and Dave?
A. Doug Bower and Dave Chorley are
two elderly British men who came forward in 1990 and laid claim to having created all the crop circles in England. These
senior citizens lived in the Southampton area
in Hampshire, England and their “confession” ended up plastered on the front page
of the British tabloid Today. Their story
quickly made its way around the world and
there are still people who credit the two
men with creating the crop circle phenomenon. When confronted with evidence
proving that they had nothing to do with
certain formations, they backed down and
modified their claim. At one point, they
claimed to have made the Celtic Cross design that appears on the cover of my book,
Circular Evidence, but could not even duplicate it on paper when asked by myself
and Pat Delgado. They then withdrew their
claim to that formation.
It is accepted today that Doug and
Dave did make some-perhaps many-
crop circles. However, it is also accepted
by skeptics and believers alike that it is
patently impossible for them to have made
all that they claimed they did.
Doug and Dave did, however, deal a
serious blow to the perception of the crop
circle phenomenon in the mind of the general public. And there is suspicion that that
is precisely what their intentions were all
along. A conspiracy has not been proven,
but many believe that powers with money
(governmental, military, or otherwise) used
Doug and Dave as part of a disinformation
campaign. Dave Chorley died of cancer in
the mid-1990s. Doug Bower has kept a
relatively low profile in recent years.
8. Is It True That All Crop Circles
Are Made by Aliens and UFOs?
A. There has long been suspicion that
crop circles were formed by UFO
landing gear, or by energy rays beamed
down from an alien spacecraft onto the
field. Most serious crop circle researchers
allow that an extraterrestrial intelligence
may be involved in the phenomenon, but
the majority discount the possibility of the
formations being created by alien ships.
9. Has Anyone
Ever Seen a Crop Circle Form?
A. Yes, there have been eyewitnesses to
the formation of crop circles. Currently, there are approximately 50 people
worldwide who have reported seeing a crop
circle form in realtime as they watched.
The first reports came from Argentina
in 1959, and again in 1960. There were two
witnesses to the 1960 event.
The next credible report came from
Australia in 1966, followed by several believable accounts over a number of years
from people in the county of Wiltshire,
England.
One of the British eyewitnesses was a
local journalist named Arthur Shuttlewood
from Warminster, Wiltshire. Shuttlewood
was standing in a field near Warminster
with several others late one evening when
they all heard a strange sound crackling in
the long grass. As they watched, the plants
swayed back and forth hypnotically like a
snake, and when the movement and sound
ceased, they all saw that a crop circle had
formed.
Also, a bicycle shop owner named Ray
Barnes, who lived in a small village near
Warminster, watched as a line of plants bent
over and swept across the field in an undulating wave. This line of demarcation eventually stopped its forward movement and
the plants then rotated and formed a single
circle in the crops.
Researcher Nancy Talbott and a colleague witnessed strange lights over a field
in the Netherlands in 2001 and, shortly
thereafter, a simple dumbbell pattern was
discovered in the crops. Talbott’s colleague
also claims to have witnessed a circle form
in the same field during 1999.
In almost every case, eyewitnesses
report seeing only simple crop circles
forming.

10. Have Crop Circles Ever Appeared in Exactly the Same Place?
A. This is a very rare occurrence but it
has happened. One such place where
crop circles have appeared several times is
in the field below Bratton Castle in
Wiltshire, England. (For more information
about one such event in 1987, check out
my first book, Circular Evidence.)
11. How Long Do Crop Circles Last?
A. Crop circles remain in the fields until
the plants are harvested, or until they
die naturally at the end of the growing season. The crop circle “season” usually begins
when the plants are approximately three
inches high, in late April and May in the
United Kingdom, along with other countries
in the northern hemisphere. Harvest occurs
during late August, early September.
12. How Large Are Crop Circles?
A. The smallest reported crop circle is
 approximately one foot in diameter,
but these are very rare. The average crop
circle is about 60 feet in diameter. The more
elaborate designs have stretched out across
the landscape over distances of three quarters of a mile. Among these, the 1994 formations at Ashbury, Berkshire; and 1996
designs at Etchilhampton, Wiltshire are the
most notable. Most major designs that include complex patterns are 200 to 300 feet
wide.
13. What Happens to the
Plants Inside Crop Circles? Are
They Cut or Broken? Is It True
Some Plants Are Burned?
A. The individual plants are bent over at
right angles without being broken or
cut. I have never witnessed burning of any
kind in the hundreds of circles I have inspected, but several reports of burnt plants
do exist. Biophysicist William Levengood
has reported finding evidence of burning
inside some of the plants he has analyzed.
14. Are the Plants Always
Swirled in one Particular
Direction?
A. Until 1986, almost all the plants in
crop circles were spiraled in a clockwise direction. After circles were discovered with single and double rings around,
the plants in the central circles were found
to be swirled counterclockwise as well. (See
T9 and T10 in the Andrews Catalogue on
page 206.) Since 1986, the data reports about
the same numbers of clockwise and counterclockwise circles. There are also reports
of patterns in which both directions of rotation occur in the same circle.
15. Have “Crop” Circles Ever
Been Reported in Snow?
A. Snow circles have been reported on a
few occasions but it is not known if
they represent the same phenomenon as
crop circles.
The most impressive snow circle was
seen and photographed by students at MIT
University in Boston, on the 2nd of February in 1993. Many shapes, including circles
and rings, were formed in the light snow
that covered a very thin layer of ice on the
Charles River. The ice was very thin and
would not have been able to support even
the weight of a small child, so the suspicion
that the acres of geometric designs were
made by the students was quickly ruled out.
Snow is not that common in southern
England, but on those occasions that snow
has covered the usual areas where crop
circles form, no designs have been reported
in the snow. However, in January 1983, Mr.
F. B. James witnessed something at Winterbourne Monxton near Avebury,
Wiltshire that might well be the same phenomena as the crop circles. One morning,
Mr. James discovered several perfect, 15-
foot diameter circles in young wheat plants
that had been heavily covered in frost. The
circles were only noticed because the frost
had melted inside each circle. Interestingly,
swirled crop circles have since been reported in this area since 1987.


=======================================
Appendix B. A Crop Circle A to Z

Agriglyph. A word coined to describe crop
circle patterns and designs. Its genesis was
the word “petroglyph,” which is a carving
or a line drawing on rock. The Greek prefix “petro-” was replaced with “agri-”, a
variant of “agro-” to indicate that the drawings were being done in fields. The suffix
“glyph” means “word.”

Alton Barnes. Area in Wiltshire, England,
known for its scenic splendor, archaeological sites, crop circle manifestations, and

UFO sightings. Alton Barnes is within the
41.5-mile crop circle equilateral triangle in
central southern England identified by Colin
Andrews.

The Andrews Catalogue. A catalogue of
black-and-white silhouettes of hundreds of
crop circle designs, both authentic and
manmade. Colin Andrews continues to add
designs to this massive compilation. The
Catalogue, complete through the formations of 2002, is reprinted in this volume.

Avebury. Village built inside the world’s
largest stone circle in Wiltshire, England,
one mile north of Silbury Hill, with
Stonehenge and other prehistoric archaeological sites nearby. A great deal of crop
circle activity occurs in Avebury and surrounding environs.
Balls of Light. Many witnesses to crop
circle formation have reported seeing balls
of golden light floating and flitting above
fields where, shortly thereafter, a crop circle
appeared. Sometimes, the balls are reported
as being silvery and metallic.
Some witnesses state that the balls move
with purpose and that they seemed to be reading their minds. These balls of light are prevalent in the Avebury area of England. They
particularly center around one hill where they
are seen so often that the hill is known as
“Golden Ball Hill.” There is no concrete evidence that these balls are responsible for, or in
some way connected to, the creation of crop
circles. However, there is a great deal of anecdotal evidence (as well as quite a bit of movie
footage of the lights) that indicates that they
are often seen in the area of crop circles. The
association with crop circles is still unknown,
but there does indeed seem to be some kind
of nexus between the balls and the circles.

Barbury Castle Tetrahedron. A massive,
12,000-square-yard crop formation that appeared in one night on July 16, 1991, in a
field near the hill fort of Barbury Castle in
Wiltshire, England. The night before its
appearance, residents of the nearby village
of Wroughton experienced a power blackout and many residents witnessed and reported flying balls of colored light above
the field where the formation later manifested. The day after it appeared, a British
newspaper ran a photo of the design with
the headline, “Now Explain This One.” The
formation consisted of a triple ring in the
middle with a triangle surrounding it as a
perimeter, and three varied circular satellites extending out from the three angles
of the triangle.

Brain Waves. The brain wave patterns of
people participating in crop circle experiments (including Colin Andrews himself)
have registered a distinct change when the
subjects enter crop circles.

Celtic Cross. A Latin cross is the standard
Christian cross, consisting of a vertical bar
with a shorter horizontal bar two-thirds up
its length. A Celtic cross is a Latin cross
with a circle superimposed over its center.
A crop formation described as a Celtic cross
design consists of a center circle surrounded by four circles at each point of the
compass, at the bottom, top, and side of
the cross. Colin Andrews wished for a
Celtic cross crop design to appear near his
home, and a design did manifest shortly
thereafter. A photo of this pattern appears
on the cover of Colin’s first book, Circular Evidence.
Cereal Crops. Edible grass crops grown
for food. The vast majority of crop circles
appear in cereal crops, specifically wheat,
oats, corn, oil-seed rape, buckwheat, and
barley.

Cerealogy. Also known as “cereology.”
The study of crop circles. The word was
coined to describe the discipline of crop
circle research, much the way “UFOlogy”
was coined to describe the study of the
UFO phenomenon.

Chaos Theory. The theory that within the
chaos of seemingly random, unconnected
events, order can be found. The “butterfly
effect” is the most oft-cited example of
chaos theory. In Ian Stewart’s The Mathematics of Chaos, he explains this effect:
The flapping of a single
butterfly’s wing today produces a tiny
change in the state of the atmosphere.
Over a period of time, what the atmosphere actually does diverges from
what it would have done. So, in a
month’s time, a tornado that would
have devastated the Indonesian coast
doesn’t happen. Or maybe one that
wasn’t going to happen, does.1
Chaos theory is relevant to crop circles
because when the variations in a specific
model are plotted on a graph, what is
known as a Koch Curve emerges; a square
fractal that is known for its infinite expansion and diminution. Fractals are also found
in many crop circle designs.
Cheesefoot Head. A natural amphitheater
near Hampshire, England, known for unusual goings-on, including crop circle
manifestations, odd sounds, and elusive
lights.

CIA. U.S. intelligence agency rumored to
be interested in crop circles and the folks
who study them. Colin Andrews was approached by a man claiming to be a CIA
agent when he lived in England, and much
of what Colin was told by this man came
to pass. His credibility was shattered, however, by his erratic, especially “non-agent”
behavior.
The alleged “agent” was discredited
by individuals I consulted who had knowledge of the standard tactics and methods
used by the CIA. Most damning was this
man’s appearance on national television,
combined with his unrelenting focus on
gaining access to the bank accounts into
which all “shared” monies would be deposited. This was obviously the behavior
of a con man who tried to use my fame
and reputation to capitalize on what he saw
as a money-making scheme. He constantly
spoke of producing a video showing UFOs
making crop circles, but he needed me to
sell it to the media. After I severed ties
with him, his ruse fell apart.

Circles Phenomenon Research International. The crop circle research organization founded by Colin Andrews. CPR
published a newsletter for many years and
is considered the preeminent crop circle
research group.

Circular Evidence. The first book written about the crop circle phenomenon. It
was written by Colin Andrews and Pat
Delgado and published in 1989. It quickly
became a worldwide best-seller.
Crop Circles. Circular geometries most
commonly found in cereal crops. In authentic crop circles, the vegetation is bent
over at right angles and spiraled into often
complex patterns. Many crop circles
around the world are hoaxes. However,
there is a percentage of formations that
exhibit characteristics that cannot be duplicated by hoaxing and cannot yet be
completely explained.

Crop Circles: The Latest Evidence. Colin
Andrews’s and Pat Delgado’s follow-up to
Circular Evidence, published in 1990.
Crop Rings. Simple rings that appear in
fields, usually without the crops in its center being flattened. Sometimes they appear as double or triple rings. The
difference between crop rings and crop
circles is that the plants inside crop circles
are all flattened.

The Cosmic Connection. Book by crop
circle authority Michael Hesemann, published in Germany in 1993, and translated
in England in 1996. It suggests a strong
link between UFOs, extraterrestrials, and
the formation of crop circles.

Diatonic Ratios. The diatonic scale consists of the eight notes of the musical scale,
without flats or sharps. The diatonic scale
comprises the white keys on a piano: C, D,
E, F, G, A, B, C. There is a specific interval between each note of the diatonic
scale-C to D, G to A, etc.-and this difference is measured by adding or subtracting the vibration of a particular note in
kilohertz from the vibration in kilohertz of
the note one step above or below. The difference between the two notes is called a
diatonic ratio.

What does all this have to do with crop
circles? Professor Gerald Hawkins discovered that the differences in diameters
of larger and smaller circles in crop formations result in a diatonic ratio (the identical
ratio exists for the size differences of multiple circles as for the difference between
the intervals of musical notes on the diatonic scale). These ratios have been found
in formations all over the world which are
considered authentic by the experts and
their existence deflates somewhat the “all
the circles are hoaxed” theory. If all circles
are hoaxed, the argument goes, and countless circles manifest specific diatonic ratios, then there exists an enormous, global
conspiracy to include dimensions in counterfeit circles that will produce these esoteric, mathematical ratios.

Dowsing. Searching for and sometimes
locating underground water, minerals, underground mines, or buried objects by using a divining rod, which is usually a forked
branch or stick made of hazel wood, ash,
or rowan, that bends downward when held
over a source. A pendulum suspended
above the ground or a map is also sometimes used. Steel wire clothes hangers bent
at right angles are also commonly used.
Many dowsers report strong reactions from
crop circles.
Earth Energies. Magnetism, gravity, electrostatic fields, radiation, and other energy
forms that are manifest in the biosystem of
the earth and often associated with the appearance and location of crop circles.

4:15. The time Colin Andrews’s home
alarm system triggered for many nights,
until he figured out what the numbers
meant (see Chapter 2.9).

Fractals. A geometric pattern that is infinitely complex, infinitely repeating, and
infinitesimal. A fractal creates shapes and
surfaces that cannot be represented by classical geometry. Fractals are used especially
in computer modeling of irregular patterns
and structures in nature. Many crop circles
manifest fractals, especially in “Golden
Mean” designs, such as the Julia Set found
opposite Stonehenge.

Gaia Theory. The theory that the earth
and all its component biological “parts”
comprise an enormous living organism (see
Chapter 4.1).

Grass Circles. Circles that appear in grass,
as opposed to cereal crops.

Grasshopper Warbler. A bird indigenous
to England that makes a high-pitched, trilling sound. When Colin Andrews first heard
the sound of the crop circles (See Chapters
9 and 10), at least one entomologist claimed
that the sound was actually that of the
grasshopper warbler, ignoring the fact that
the sound’s movement, duration, volume,
and dynamic variation seemed to clearly
preclude the possibility that it was being
created by a bird. Not to mention the fact
that the grasshopper warbler is a very rare
bird and is almost always found in marshes;
also the sound Colin recorded in a crop
circle is 5.2 kilohertz and the warbler is 6
kilohertz. Another important fact to consider is that the sound has also been recorded as radio waves, which precludes the
sound coming from a bird.

Healings. Some people have reported remarkable healings after visiting a crop
circle. There have been claims of improvements to severe arthritis, reduction of tremors, the elimination of allergies and their
attendant symptoms, and other improvements in health. Proponents believe that
there are energy fields in crop circles that
have positive effects on the human body.
People have also reported improvements
in psychological problems and many claim
elevated spirits and new vigor after visiting a crop circle. Ironically, the exact opposite effect has also been reported, with
some people experiencing headaches, nausea, dizziness, abnormal menopausal bleeding, disorientation, excessive fatigue, and
other negative consequences after visiting
a crop circle.

Hedgehogs. “Rutting hedgehogs” was a
sarcastic explanation for crop circles coined
by Gordon Creighton of the Flying Saucer
Review. Creighton intended it as a putdown of the media for their often ridiculous explanations of the crop circle
phenomenon. True to form, many in the
media took Creighton seriously and “rutting hedgehogs” ended up being cited by
journalists as one hypothetical cause for
crop circles.

Hoaxers. One or more people who enter
farmers’ fields and create crop patterns.
Hoaxers produce their designs for one of
two reasons: to deliberately deceive or to
create “earth art.” Hoaxers do not usually
admit their work, no matter what their real
purpose. Some earth artists take credit for
a creation, but most do not. Hoaxers, also
known as counterfeiters, use boards and
rollers to flatten crops, and many plot out
their designs on computers first. Hoaxers
usually damage or kill the plants in their
designs. Hoaxers sometimes get permission
from farmers (and pay them a stipend),
many times they do not. Many serious
cereologists are in agreement that hoaxers
have “muddied the waters” of crop circle
research and have skewed the perception
of the phenomenon in the eyes of the general public, leading many to believe that

A Crop Circle A to Z / 187
all crop circles are manmade. (See Chapter 2.13.)
Hopi Indians. Native American indigenous people who believe that crop circles
are part of a series of earth changes that tie
into an important prophecy in the guardianship of the Hopi Elders.

Ice Circles. Circles and geometric patterns
that appear on ice in designs that are very
similar to crop circles found in fields. Often, ice circles materialize on ice that is so
thin and fragile that it wouldn’t be able to
support the weight of a dog, let alone hoaxers with tools to cut the ice.

Institute of Resonance Therapy. German clinic that has experimented with crop
circle images in ecosystem revitalization
protocols. The ecosystems of today are
facing unprecedented challenges to their
very existence, and the survival information genetically imprinted in lifeforms does
not contain viable strategies to combat the
destruction, toxins, and assaults against
them. IRT has been working with crop
circles as remedies and has had documented success.

Julia Set. A massive crop formation that
seemingly appeared in a period of 45 minutes in a field across the road from the
Stonehenge site. See Chapter 6 for more
information on this fractal-based, spiraling
crop formation.

Ley Lines. Invisible lines of “earth energies,” especially magnetism, that crisscross the planet in a geodetic grid. Many
sacred sites are aligned along ley lines, as
are many crop circles. Psychics and
sensitives, using faculties similar to those
employed in dowsing, can “read” ley lines
and are usually proven correct when equipment is used to register magnetic and other
readings. Ley lines were originally recognized and reported by Alfred Watkins in
1921 after he noticed that an invisible
straight line ran through the hilltops where
ancient sacred sites were situated.

M15. British intelligence agency reportedly
behind the Operation Blackbird deception,
which was implemented to discredit Colin
Andrews and Pat Delgado and to defuse
public interest in the crop circle phenomenon.

Magnetism. One of the theories for the
creation of crop circles. It states that a
mysterious shift in the earth’s magnetic field
produces a current that “electrocutes” plants
and forces them to lie flat on the ground.
This theory could explain why electronic equipment being used in some crop
circles has malfunctioned or has been destroyed. This theory does not explain the
“blown nodes” factor of authentic crop
circles. Some plant nodes are as big as 200
times their original size. A corollary to the
magnetism theory is that the current produced by shifts in the earth’s magnetic field
combines with energies from underground
aquifers, or even from water in the air, to
create the “blown nodes.” (See Chapter
4.2.)
Mandelbrot Set. The first fractal crop
circle design. The Mandelbrot design was
discovered by the French mathematician
and chaos theorist Benoit Mandelbrot
while working with a mathematical model
he was experimenting with. Mandelbrot
conducted his experiment at Cambridge
University in England, which is very close
to where a Mandelbrot crop formation
ultimately appeared.

Microwaves. Some crop circle researchers suspect microwave radiation in crop
formations as being responsible for feelings of both ill health and well-being experienced by many visitors to crop circle
sites. Also, biophysicist William Levengood
believes that microwaves may be responsible for the expulsion cavities found in the
plants in authentic crop circles.

Military Helicopters. Military helicopters
have often been seen flying above new crop
formations and also above empty fields that
later manifest a crop circle. One of the first
public confirmations of military helicopter
reconnaissance flights are the photos of
helicopters flying over crop circles in Colin
Andrews’s and Pat Delgado’s 1989 book,
Circular Evidence.

Mowing Devil. A mysterious figure, possibly the devil himself, who appeared one
night in 1678 in a ball of fire and cut a
farmer’s crops into an oval. One of the earliest accounts of a crop circle forming (see
Chapter 2.5).

Music. After studying the crop circle photos in Circular Evidence, Professor Gerald
Hawkins remarked to his wife that he was
looking at music. His hunch paid off after
further research revealed that the ratios of
size differences in crop circles were the
same as the ratios of intervals between one
note on the western scale and another.
These diatonic ratios have been found
in many authentic formations. Hawkins
later refined position in his 1996 article
“The Diatonic Ratios in Crop Circles,”
which appeared in the Fall/Winter 1996/
97 issue of the Circles Phenomenon Research newsletter. “Of course we cannot
say that the crop circles are ‘musical.’ All
that can be said is that the crop circles and
the eight-note musical scale are based on
the same mathematical relationship.” (See
Chapter 12.)

Nodes. The joint or knuckle of a plant stem.
William Levengood believes that in authentic crop circles, the nodes of the plant
stems have exploded, as though the minute
amounts of water inside them was superheated quickly and blew out the nodes. This
effect is not found in plants from hoaxed
formations. Sometimes, the nodes are swollen and enlarged, but not ruptured, and the
plants continue to grow.

Oil-Seed Rape. A European plant
(Brassica napus) of the mustard family,
which is cultivated as fodder and for its
seed that yields a valuable oil. Oil-seed
rape, which is also known as canola, is
one of the crops in which crop circles
appear most frequently.

Oliver’s Castle Video. A video purporting to show flying white balls (UFOs)
creating a snowflake crop circle pattern
in a field below Oliver’s Castle near
Devizes, in Wiltshire, in England. The
pattern appears in only a few seconds,
and then the balls fly out of the frame.
The video was eventually proven to be a
hoax (see Chapter 16).

Operation Blackbird. A crop circle surveillance operation in July 1990, coordinated by Colin Andrews, and funded by
the BBC and Japanese television. The purpose of the operation was to film the formation of a crop circle. In actuality, it was
the first known government attempt to
deescalate the public interest in the growing phenomenon of crop circles, and a plot
was concocted to discredit Colin Andrews
and devalue his work. Operation Blackbird was carried out by means of a wellorchestrated, well-funded, multilevel hoax
perpetrated on Colin Andrews and the global public by the British government (see
Chapter 15).

Operation White Crow. One of the first
crop circle surveillance operations. It took
place in the “Devil’s Punchbowl” in
Cheesefoot Head, Winchester, in Hampshire, in 1989, one year prior to Operation
Blackbird. During this operation, Colin
Andrews recorded the unusual trilling
sound that was accompanied by physical
effects on one of the team members (see
Chapter 10).

Petroglyphs. Lines or drawings found on
rock, and believed to have been created by
prehistoric man. (See Agriglyphs.)

A Crop Circle A to Z / 189
Pictogram. Another word for pictograph,
used when referring to crop formations. A
pictorial representation of numerical data
or numerical relationships, or the use of
hieroglyphic symbols to communicate a
message. The highly complex crop formations are believed to have some type of
encoded message and may be an agricultural hieroglyphic.

Plant Analysis. A general term for the series of tests performed on plants taken from
crop circles. These tests include radioactivity measurement, spectrographic analysis, magnetometer readings, microscopic
study, cellular crystal experiments, weighing, photographing, and more.

Plasma Vortex. An electrically neutral,
highly ionized gas composed of ions, electrons, and neutral particles concentrated
into a powerful whirlwind believed to be
capable of, and responsible in some cases,
for creating crop circles (see Chapter 4.6).

Radiation. Radioactive isotopes were at
one time discovered in crop circles but for
some reason the military lab performing
the tests stopped the research and did not
issue a conclusive statement. Colin
Andrews has carried a Geiger counter into
crop circles with him for years and reports
he has never registered anything unusual.
See Chapter 3 for more on Colin’s research
into radioactivity in crop circles.

Remote Viewing. The ability to perceive
people, objects, places, or events at a location removed from the “viewer” by either
space or time. Remote viewing has been
used in crop circle experiments with mixed
results.

Sacred Geometry. Specific patterns and
ratios found in nature embodying the complete range of scale: from the energy signature of atoms and molecules, to the
spiraling arm of the Milky Way galaxy.
Man has consciously applied sacred
geometric ratios in everything from architecture to art, mimicking deliberately
what nature achieves spontaneously,
striving to create an artificial microcosm
of the universe with his science and art
(see Chapter 2.8).

Sand Circles. Crop circle–like geometric
patterns and designs that appear unbidden
in expanses of desert sands. Sand circles
are always presumed to be authentic manifestations, because footprints in the sand
surrounding the formations are never
found, and they are often discovered in
exceptionally remote areas.

Secrets in the Fields. Book by crop circle
authority Freddy Silva. Subtitled “The Science and Mysticism of Crop Circles.”
SETI. The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence.

Signs. Blockbuster 2002 Disney/Touchstone movie written and directed by M.
Night Shyamalan and starring Mel Gibson.
Signs used the appearance of crop circles
on a former priest’s (Gibson) farm as a plot
device for an alien invasion movie. Colin
Andrews was a consultant on the film and
was used by Disney as a media liaison, in
addition to providing data and photographs.

Silbury Hill. An enormous artificial
mound south of Avebury in Wiltshire, England that was built in 2660 B.C. with chalk
and soil. It covers more than five acres and
is approximately 130 feet high. We do not
know why Silbury was originally built but
one theory is that it, like Stonehenge, is a
solar observatory. Silbury Hill is positioned
on a ley line, and crop circle activity is
commonplace around Silbury Hill and
Avebury.

Snow Circles. Circles and geometric patterns that appear in fresh snow in designs
very similar to the crop circles found in
fields.

Sounds. A specific metallic trilling sound
has been reported in crop circles. There is
also often electrostatic interference with
video and recording equipment when this
sound is heard. Colin Andrews personally
experienced this sound three times and has
two tape recordings of it that he often plays
for his audiences at his lectures. See Chapter 9 for more details on the sounds in, and
of the circles.

Stonehenge. A group of standing stones
on Salisbury Plain in southern England that
date to c. 2000–1800 B.C. The megaliths
are enclosed by a circular ditch and embankment that may date to c. 2800 B.C.
The arrangement of the stones suggests
that Stonehenge was used as a religious
center and also as an astronomical observatory. There remains questions as to who
designed, shaped, carried, and set up this
enormous site. Many crop circle researchers believe that the stone triptychs were
placed to permanently record an authentic crop circle formation and, indeed, hypothetical designs that fill in the missing
stones do look like commonly seen crop
formations (see Chapter 6).

Stonehenge Decoded. The seminal book
on the Stonehenge site, written by renowned astronomer and scientist, Gerald
Hawkins (see Chapter 6).

Tramlines. The straight lines that run up
and down the length of a field of crops that
farmers use for their tractors and for walking through the fields. Tramlines can be
usually be seen bifurcating crop formations
and many skeptics point to them as being
easy access for hoaxers to create a formation without leaving tracks. It is true that
tramlines can do just that, but there are
countless instances of crop circles appearing in the middle of a section of a field that
is not accessible by tramlines. Tramlines
run nowhere near some crop circles. A tram
line is approximately six feet wide, which
is the average tractor axle length. This
knowledge is useful in scaling the size of
crop formations from the air.

Tree Circles. The phenomenon of tree
circles is believed to be related to crop
circle formation and may employ some of
the same energies. There seem to be two
types of tree circles reported. The first is
when standing trees bend and move to form
a geometric pattern similar to that found in
the fields. These formations are only visible from the air and there have been random accounts by pilots of a group of trees
in a forest forming a design. The other type
of tree circle reported occurs when young,
still flexible trees bend to the ground and
form a circular pattern, similar to the way
plants flatten down to create a design. One
notable account was reported by Paul
Vigay, editor and publisher of Enigma. The
following is an edited and abridged version of the account given to Paul:
 [This] happened between
the years 1963 and 1969 [in]
Grand Lake, New Brunswick,
Canada….This area had long
been strip mined for coal. In
1960, [a] mining company
started to reforest the area...trees
were planted on both sides of the
road. These trees were growing
on crown land, in beautiful, perfectly straight lines.
In about three years...they had
grown to be quite tall, and the
butts of these trees were about 3
inches in diameter. In the middle
of a summer afternoon, I was in a
car on my way to the lake….When
we came...to this stand of pine
trees, the road was blocked with
police and army vehicles.
There were...police and army
personnel walking around inside the
pine trees on both sides of the road.
We were motioned...to move
along.
While passing by, I noticed, on
both sides of the road, two circles.
The trees were all bent to the
ground. The circles were about 10
feet away from the edge of the road,
one on either side. They were fairly
large, about 12 feet in diameter.
The really odd thing was all the
trees laid down flat to the ground
[and] the tops of these trees all
pointed to the circumferences of the
circles.…Talk around town was that
bears had pushed the trees down.…I
knew that couldn’t be the
answer.…Months later, the trees were
cut as close to the ground as they
could.
Fencing was put up to keep the
curious out, [but] we could see
through the fence....You could see the
butts of the trees enough to see they
were severely curved at ground level,
[which would have been] impossible
to do without breaking the
trees….[F]or years later nothing
grew there. This is not a story; this is
the truth. Why would they call the
army if it were only bears? Why
would they fence it off?

UFOs. Unidentified flying objects. UFOs
have been suggested as a possible explanation for the formation of crop
circles. One theory is that crop circles
are formed by the UFO’s landing gear;
another suggests that UFOs create the
formations from their craft using some form
of laser or energy beam. UFO sightings
around crop circle sites are commonplace.
In Australia, crop circles were originally
known as “saucer’s nests” because of the
belief that UFOs were creating them when
they landed. While no video documentation of alien craft creating, or flying above
crop circles has surfaced, there is a great
deal of video footage showing unidentifiable balls of light flying above fields where
crop circles later appear or already exist
(see Chapters 4.7 and 16).

Ultimate Crop Circles: Signs From
Space? An interactive DVD produced in
2002 by Central Park Media on which
Colin Andrews is interviewed at length by
author Peter Robbins. The DVD also includes a crop circles photo gallery from
Colin Andrews’s archive, the Oliver’s
Castle video, and other features.
Undeniable Evidence. An acclaimed 60-
minute videotape documentary about the
crop circle phenomenon produced by Ark
Soundwaves of Glastonbury, UK in 1991,
starring Colin Andrews.
Underground Aquifers. An underground
bed or layer of earth, gravel, or porous
stone that yields water. A great many of
the world’s authentic crop circles appear
in fields above underground aquifers.

United Nations. In 1992, Colin Andrews
addressed the Parapsychology Society/
S.E.A.T. group of United Nations employees on the crop circle phenomenon.


==============================================
Appendix C. A Crop Circle Who's Who

Alexander, Stephen. Crop circle photographer. He first became interested in crop
circles during 1990 when he filmed a
strange object in a field where a crop circle
already existed. His was one of the first
films to successfully capture the small orbs
seen near crop circles. He has since become one of the best photographers of crop
circles in the world.

Amamiya, Kiyoshi. Crop circle researcher and C.P.R. (Circles Phenomenon
Research) International coordinator in Japan. Responsible for much of the research
on crop circles in Japan. Co-author of
1983’s Project Garuda.

Anderson, Paul. Director of the C.P.R.
International affiliate in Canada since 1995.
He has now formed his own organization
Canadian Crop Circle Research Network,
researching the crop circle phenomenon all
throughout Canada.

Anderson, Paul. (Great Britain) Worked
with Colin Andrews during both crop circle
surveillance projects, Operation White
Crow in 1989, and Operation Blackbird in
1990. In recent years, he has carried out
field work in Oxfordshire County, England.

Andrews, Colin. The world’s leading authority on the crop circle phenomenon. Coauthored (with Pat Delgado) the first book
on the subject, the international best-seller
Circular Evidence, and its sequel, Crop
Circles: The Latest Evidence. He is the researcher who has worked the longest on
the crop circle enigma and is the creator
and compiler of the most complete database on the subject.

Andrews, Richard. Renowned expert in
the ancient art of dowsing. (No relation to
Colin Andrews.) A farmer and lover of the
countryside, he became involved with crop
circle research in 1988. Richard passed
away in 1999 and is sadly missed in the
fields.

Andrews, Synthia. Wife of Colin
Andrews, writer, researcher, and hugely
supportive of his work. Synthia Andrews
has worked in the field of therapeutic massage and body work for over 20 years. She
is a teacher at the Connecticut Center for
massage therapy and leads workshops in
the United States and United Kingdom.
Her work focuses on the emotional and
energetic factors in health and healing. She
began incorporating crop circles into her
practice in 1992.

Aubrun, Dr. Jean-Noel. Physicist and
engineer who has worked with Colin
Andrews for many years. A highly respected scientist who has many areas of
expertise that have been put to good use
in crop circle research. Carried out the
preliminary analysis of Colin’s
groundbreaking crop circle magnetometer
survey, which is continuing to reveal significant findings.
Barnes, Ray. Eyewitness to the formation of a 100-foot diameter crop circle at
Westbury, Wiltshire, England on July 3,
1982. Owns a bicycle store in Westbury.
Bishop, George. Secretary of the Center for Crop Circle Studies. An openminded man largely responsible for the
annual conferences and keeping the CCCS
in existence.

Bowers, Douglas. The “Doug” of the
most famous crop circle hoaxers, Doug and
Dave. An artist and senior citizen who, with
his friend Dave Chorley, claimed to have
made all the crop circles in England. In
1990, the British newspaper Today promised to pay them 10,000 pounds for their
story, but they ultimately had to threaten
legal action against the paper to get their
money. Doug is now retired and rarely
speaks to the media about crop circles.

Boerman, Robert. A key crop circle researcher in the Netherlands. Boerman
heard about the mystery in 1997 and was
investigating his first circle within days.
He discovered a white sticky substance in
that first circle, which, after extensive
analysis, remains unidentified. Author of
Crop Circles: Gods and Their Secrets.

Chorley, David. The “Dave” of the most
famous crop circle hoaxers, Doug and
Dave. Friend of Doug Bowers and also
an artist. The two elderly men claimed to
have made all the crop circles in England.
In 1990, they sold their story to a national
newspaper in England. It was always
Dave who showed an angry edge towards
crop circle researchers when he took part
in television interviews about the subject.
He passed away in 2000. (See Douglas
Bowers.)

Charles, Prince. (See Princess Diana.)

Christopher, Ian. Director of the Mariposa Pacific Research Institute based in
California. Produced one of the best documentaries ever made about the crop circle
mystery, Something Wonderful Has
Happened...But It Was Not in the News,
which won a number of awards.

Collins, Andrew. British writer often confused with Colin Andrews. Author of several popular books, including the 1988
classic, The Black Alchemist. In 1991,
Collins concluded that orgone energy, a
theoretical universal life force emanating
from all organic material first hypothesized
by Austrian scientist Wilhelm Reich, could
explain many of the crop circle mysteries.
His findings were published in a book
called The Circlemakers.

Corso, Colonel Philip. J. U.S. military
officer; writer; served on the National Security Council under President Dwight D.
Eisenhower. At a meeting with Colin
Andrews at a congress in San Marino, Italy
before he died, Corso acknowledged that
he was aware of crop circle reports coming in to the White House in 1960. He said
the reports were forwarded to the National
Security agency (NSA) and that they were
considered at that time to be some form of
as-yet unexplainable communication.

Curry, Mike. Inventor of a high-mast security system employed by Colin Andrews
and the BBC during Operation Blackbird.
(See Chapter 15.) Curry personally witnessed the strange crop circle sound during one of the special operations.

Delgado, Pat. Co-author with Colin
Andrews of the first book written about
crop circles, Circular Evidence. An electromechanical design engineer, Delgado
was contracted to NASA to assist with
tracking the Mariner Spacecraft from the
Woomera tracking station in Australia.

A Crop Circle Who’s Who / 195
Diana, Princess. Princess Diana and
Prince Charles discovered crop circles on
their royal property, and through a retired
military officer who acted as an intermediary, sought out Colin Andrews for a tour
and an explanation. This excursion was
quickly canceled and denied when news
of Charles and Diana’s interest in crop
circles was mysteriously leaked to the media and the story appeared on the front page
of British newspapers. Colin Andrews,
Diana, Charles, and their aides were the
only ones who knew of the plan to visit
the crop circles and so it is believed today
that someone in the royal entourage tipped
off the press, or that Colin Andrews’s phone
was bugged. See Chapter 15 for more details on this incident.

Dickinson, Rod. Artist based in London,
England and crop circle counterfeiter. He
has participated in the creation of many
impressive crop designs, but ironically he
has also personally witnessed and photographed several impressive UFOs.

Gazecki, William. Director and producer
of the acclaimed 2002 crop circles documentary, Crop Circles: Quest for Truth, the
first-ever feature film about the phenomenon. Gazecki was also nominated for a
Best Director Academy Award for his 1997
film, Waco: Rules of Engagement.

Glickman, Michael. Architect and crop
circle researcher, best known for his extreme views on crop circles and for being
instrumental in helping the police make the
first arrest and prosecution of a man hoaxing a crop circle.

Fisk, Dr. David. Scientific Advisor to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher’s
government during the period when the government was being asked the first questions about crop circles in England.

Haddington, Lord John. Former president of the Centre for Crop Circle Studies
and an active member of the House of
Lords in the British Government.

Hadley, Robert. Professor of physics and
astronomy who analyzed Colin Andrews’s
field data from the type 367 “Solar System” crop pattern (Andrews type 367) in
1995 and concluded that the design was
an outstandingly accurate scaled replica of
our solar system.

Haselhoff, Dr. Eltjo. Theoretical physicist
and author of the book, The Deepening
Complexity of Crop Circles Scientific Research and Urban Legends. Haselhoff, who
has worked at Los Alamos National Laboratories in the United States, has studied
the crop circle phenomenon for 10 years.

Hawkins, Gerald. Internationally renowned astronomer working at HarvardSmithsonian Observatory in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, and author of the
groundbreaking book, Stonehenge Decoded. Professor Hawkins has done extensive work on analyzing the mathematical
ratios found in crop circles. He has stated
that his interest in the subject began when
he read Circular Evidence in 1989.

Hein, Dr. Simeon. Ph.D. in Sociology, and
Director of the Boulder, Colorado-based
Institute for Resonance. He has carried out
extensive ground researching into the electrostatic fields found in crop circles and,
with colleague Ron Russell, continues to
pursue this promising area of investigation.
Author of the book, Opening Minds: A
Journey of Extraordinary Encounters,
Crop Circles, and Resonance.
Hesemann, Michael. Historian, science
writer, crop circle researcher, and
UFOlogist. Among the subjects he has researched and written books about are
UFOs, crop circles and the Fatima Secrets.
Native of Duselldorf, Germany.
Irving, Robert. Crop circle counterfeitor.
He has admitted to making some of the crop
circle patterns which later became known
as “Thought Bubbles.” Instead of a board
and rope, Irving prefers to use a lightweight
green plastic garden roller to push the
plants down.

Jones, Ron. One of the original members
of the Center for Crop Circle Studies; has
been involved with crop circle research
since the late 1980s. Was present and witnessed the first crop circle sound heard
during Operation White Crow in the summer of 1989. See Chapter 10.

Kahata, Masahiro. Leading electronics
engineer from Japan, now living in the
United States, Kahata has extensively investigated why some visitors to crop circles
claim healings and why electronic equipment regularly fails inside circles. He is the
inventor of IBVA brainwave monitoring
equipment, which is used in many hospitals for monitoring patient brainwave activity. He has also looked closely at the
science and art of dowsing crop circles by
using his equipment.

Keel, Shelly. C.P.R. International (U.K.)
researcher who took part in Operation
White Crow and Operation Blackbird with
Colin Andrews. She was with three other
researchers, including one scientist, during
a double “missing time” episode when leaving a new crop formation near Silbury Hill
on May 23, 1994. Keel experienced firsthand a series of strange happenings following her missing time ordeal.

Kikuchi, Professor. Plasma scientist from
Japan who became involved with researching crop circles in Japan and England during 1989.

King, Jon. British UFOlogist and writer;
claimed to have knowledge of the importance of Barbury Castle, Wiltshire, England
to extraterrestrial contact and UFO
sightings many years before one of the
most famous crop patterns to date. The
Barbury Castle Tetrahedron appeared
there in 1991.

Laumen, Frank. Well-known crop circle
researcher in Germany, he has taken most
of the impressive photographs of the formations in that country.

Levengood, William. Renowned Michigan biophysicist, who began investigating
plants taken from crop circles in 1990 when
Colin Andrews and Pat Delgado sent the
first samples to him from England.

Levengood believes that pinhead-sized
holes in the plants, called “expulsion cavities,” are caused by moisture inside the
stems being heated rapidly and turning to
steam.

He believes this is created by microwave energy that happens in microseconds. Other of his published findings relate
to elongated nodes, and also his discovery
that the seeds from plants in crop circles
often grow up to five times faster than
control seeds, and that the seedlings can
tolerate lack of water and light for a considerable time without apparent harm. In
“Anatomical Anomalies in Crop Formation Plants,” which appeared in the 1994
issue of the journal Physiologia
Plantarum (92:356), Levengood summed
up his conclusions:
Crop formations consist of geometrically organized regions ranging from two to 80 meters diameter,
in which the plants (primarily grain
crops) are flattened in a horizontal position. Plants from crop formations display anatomical
alterations which cannot be accounted for by assuming the formations are hoaxes. Near the soil
surface the curved stems often form
complex swirls with “vortex” type
patterns. In the present paper, evidence is presented which indicates

A Crop Circle Who’s Who / 197
that structural and cellular alterations take place in plants exposed
within the confines of the “circle”
type formations, differences which
were determined to be statistically
significant when compared with
control plants taken outside the
formation. These transformations
were manifested at the macroscopic level as abnormal nodal
swelling, gross malformations
during embryogenesis, and
charred epidermal tissue. Significant changes in seed germination
and development were found, and
at the microscopic level differences were observed in cell wall
pit structures. Affected plants also
have characteristics suggesting
the involvement of transient high
temperatures.

Lodge, Oliver. Spiritualist and scientist
who some believe may be trying to communicate from the beyond through crop
circles (see Chapter 4.8).

Lucas, Roy. Farmhand working on a farm
near Avebury, England who witnessed several strange columns of whirling mist in
two fields on the farm shortly before 11
crop circles were found on the land.

Lundburg, John. London crop circle
counterfeiter who prefers to be called a
“land artist,” one of a team calling themselves “Team Satan.” The team claim responsibility for many crop circle patterns
but refuse to work with researchers in order to identify them.

Lutz, Dr. Franz. Medical doctor, and son
of a psychic healer of great repute. Former
head of the Institute of Resonant Therapy
in Germany, he has worked with crop patterns in the process of healing of plants and
animals through resonance. European government scientists have shown a great deal
of interest in Lutz’s work. Dr. Lutz has
worked with Colin Andrews since 1996.

Macnish, John. Television producer and
journalist who worked for the British
Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) for
many years; later formed his own film
company called Circlevision and began
undercover work to try and discover who
was making some of the crop circles.
Macnish was commissioned by the BBC
to work with Director David
Morganstern, Colin Andrews, and Pat
Delgado on the crop circle surveillance
project, Operation Blackbird in 1990.

Maki, Masao. Well-known, highly respected Japanese crop circle and metaphysics researcher; author of several crop circle
books published in Japan.

Meaden, Terence. Meteorologist and
head of The Tornado and Storm Research
Organization in England. In 1980, he became the first scientist to research crop
circles. In 1989, he published The Circles’
Effect and Its Mysteries, the second
book ever written about crop circles.
Meaden theorized that a new kind of
weather phenomena called a “plasma
vortex” was causing crop circles. In his
essay “Crop Circles: The Real and the
Hoaxed,” which appeared in the 1992
issue of the journal Weather (47:368), Dr.
Meaden summed up his conclusions:
We believe that the formation
of real crop circles is a rare phenomenon resulting from the motion
of a spinning mass of air which Professor Tokio Kikuchi has modelled
by computer simulation and calls
a nanoburst. This disturbance
could involve the breakdown of an
up-spinning vortex of the eddy or
whirlwind type. On this theoretical
model such a process leads to plain
circles and ringed circles-types

which are known from pre-hoax
times in Britain and other countries,
and are the only species which
credible eyewitnesses have seen
forming. All other so-called crop
circles reported in the media news
in recent years are likely to be the
result of intelligent hoaxing, while
the so-called paranormal events to
which Deardorff alludes are nothing but the consequence of poor
observation and/or exaggeration
by susceptible mystics and vulnerable pseudoscientists. In the absence of hoaxing, the subject
would still be unknown to the general public because the average
number of real-circle reports per
annum is small (indeed in some
years it may be zero).

Mitchell, Sir David. A Member of the
British Parliament for northeast Hampshire, England. In 1990, he visited a crop
circle in England with Colin Andrews and
was later helpful in initiating and maintaining dialogue about the phenomenon with
various British government departments.

Morganstern, David. Director of the
BBC television program Daytime Live.
Andrews and Delgado made many appearances on this national program during the
early 1990s. It was during one of these programs that a man who first claimed to be a
crop circle eyewitness, and then later a CIA
operative, made himself known to Andrews
and Delgado. Morganstern was present
when the strange crop circle sound was
recorded during an interview in a crop
circle.

Müller, Andreas. Leading crop circle
researcher in Germany; his main contribution to the mystery has been in compiling a worldwide database on the
subject.

Noyce, Ralph. Former head of the UFO
desk in the Defense Staff 8 department
at the Ministry of Defense in the United
Kingdom. Noyce made his interest in the
crop circles known publicly and actively
researched them after he retired from the
Ministry of Defense. He died in May of
1998.

Pope, Nick. Former Higher Executive Officer in Department 2a of the Air Secretariat in the U.K. Ministry of Defense, the
department which deals with UFO and
crop circle reports. Pope told Colin
Andrews that he believes there is a real
crop circle phenomenon and that, like the 5
percent of UFO reports made to his department that are believed to be extraterrestrial, similar numbers can probably be
applied to the real circles. Andrews had
several meetings with Pope during his time
in office.

Presley, Reg. Lead singer in the 1960s
pop group The Troggs, and a close friend
of Colin Andrews. Colin and Reg lived a
few hundred yards from each other in the
town of Andover, Hampshire, England. Reg
has become very interested in the crop circle
mystery and has visited many sites with
Andrews. He is the author of a book about
the paranormal, which includes crop circles,
called Wild Things They Don’t Tell Us (the
title of which is, of course, a tribute to his
enormous hit, “Wild Thing.”) (See Chapter
15.)

Pringle, Lucy. Well-known crop circle researcher who has specialized in the effects
of crop circles on humans. Author of the
book, Crop Circles: The Greatest Mystery of Modern Times.

Probert, David. A chartered surveyor
hired by Colin Andrews to professionally survey the field in which the Julia Set crop formation appeared and come up with an
estimate as to how long it would take to make
the complicated design. Probert ultimately
calculated that it would have taken him
two full days to accurately lay out the pattern. Also, while driving home alone in his
car one day in 1990 after investigating a
series of crop circles at Blackland,
Wiltshire, Probert heard a strange voice
in his car that said, “Stay out of the crop
circles.” A number of other people studying crop circles have also heard single sentences from strange voices. (See Chapter
6 for the complete story of the Julia Set
formation.)

Ramadan, Mohammad. President of the
special interest group at the United Nations
who invited Colin Andrews to make a special presentation about his research to staff,
delegates, and the public at the United Nations in 1992.

Ramsby, Quinn. Colin Andrews brotherin-law, and owner of the audio-video production company Memorology. Memorology
produced Colin’s highly acclaimed crop
circles CD Cosmic Artist. Cosmic Artist
showcases 280 of the best crop circle photographs taken by Colin since 1983. It also
includes the only public record of Police and
Ministry of Defense photographs of the crop
circle mystery. Maps and captions also accompany a fully automated slide show on
the CD.

Robbins, Peter. Internationally-known,
highly respected UFO researcher and sales
executive with Central Park Media in New
York. CPM produced the first in-depth crop
circle interview (starring Colin Andrews)
recorded on DVD for public sale. Robbins
is co-author to the best-selling book, Left
at East Gate.

Roy, Archie. Professor Emeritus of Astronomy at the University of Glasgow in
Scotland and one of the first scientists to
research the crop circle mystery. His main
field is astrodynamics and he worked with
Colin Andrews on crop circle research during the 1980s. Roy is a fellow of the Royal
Society of Edinburg, the Royal Astronomical Society, and the British Interplanetary
Society. He is currently director of the
NATO Advanced Study Institute. He is the
former president of the Center for Crop
Circle Studies, of which he was a founding
member.

Russell, Ron. Internationally renowned
“Space Artist” whose work is displayed at
the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum,
the Jet Propulsion Lab, and elsewhere. He
is director of Midwest Research, an organization established to study crop circles in
the United States.

Schnabel, Jim. Author of Round in
Circles, a book that purports to prove that
almost all crop circles in existence are
hoaxes.

Shyamalan, M. Night. Director and writer
of the blockbuster 2002 movie Signs, which
used crop circles as a plot device.

Shyamalan also wrote and directed the movies The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable.

Silva, Freddy. Crop circle researcher who
spent several years walking the fields of
southern England researching the mystery
with Colin Andrews. After attending one
of Andrews’ lectures in the United States,
he became hooked and began to investigate them himself. He recently published
his first book, Secrets in the Fields.

Sorensen, Peter. Videographer and director who, since the mid-1990s, has made a
major contribution to the archival video
record of crop circles in England. The crop
circle footage in the highly acclaimed
video, Something Important Has Happened-But You Did Not See It On The
News, was shot by Sorenson. In 2000, he
became convinced that many of the complex crop designs in England were
manmade and deliberately established
working relationships with several of the
crop counterfeitors involved.

Spignesi, Stephen J. New York Times
best-selling author; Colin Andrews’s coauthor for Crop Circles: Signs of Contact; author of more than 30 books.

Talbott, Nancy. Worked as a road manager for several rock groups and became
interested in crop circles after watching a
program on television. She has had several
paranormal experiences and has become
the public voice for biophysicist William
Levengood. Levengood was the second
scientist to study plants from crop circles.

Talbott now works with B.L.T., a study
group established to carry out scientific
research on crop circles. She has appeared
in several crop circle documentaries. Her
discourse in Crop Circles: Quest for Truth
is extraordinarily complete, understandable, and persuasive.

Taylor, Busty. A pilot and driving instructor who regularly flies his light aircraft over
the fields of England looking for new crop
circles. In 1985, he discovered a set of five
crop circles forming a Celtic Cross south
of his home. When he later drove to the
spot, he found a strange white sticky substance in the circles which is still, to this
day, unidentified. (See Robert Boerman.)
Taylor has worked with Pat Delgado,
Terence Meaden, and Colin Andrews and,
in the 1980s, was part of the first research
team to undertake investigation of the crop
circle mystery.

Thomas, Andy. Boy Scout leader who
spends all his free time researching crop
circles. Thomas has made a valuable contribution to the study of crop circles with
his work for the Center for Crop Circle
Studies’ “West Sussex” group of
cereologists. Author of Vital Signs: A Complete Guide to the Crop Circle Mystery
and Why It Is Not a Hoax.

Thompson, Marcus. Owner of Hollywood Daze Motion Pictures and director
of the British movie A Place To Stay, which
was filmed in the crop circles of Wiltshire,
England during 2001 and shown at the
Cannes Film Festival in 2002. Thompson
engaged Colin Andrews to provide data and
serve as the film’s chief consultant for the
crop circle scenes.

Tuersley, Don. Crop circle enthusiast who
often accompanied the C.P.R. team into the
fields during the 1980s. Tuersley was one
of the first to pay close attention to tracks
that were being found on occasion in some
fields and circles. He suspected human
hoaxing of crop circles well before many
other researchers.

Vigay, Paul. Computer programmer and
crop circle researcher; has one of the best
crop circle sites on the Internet and one of
the most extensive online databases. He is
also the editor and publisher of Enigma,
the New Sciences Research Journal.

Wabe, John “Weyleigh.” British man
who claimed to have captured on film
images of UFOs flying very low over a
field near Devizes, Wiltshire creating a
“snowflake” crop circle design. According to his story, he was camping out on
an ancient hill fort known as Oliver’s
Castle and was doing a “crop watch,”
hoping to see a circle form. He began
filming after seeing strange lights above
the field, and he later came to Colin
Andrews with his film. Andrews was,
at first, intrigued, but then, suspicious.
Andrews hired private detectives to investigate the man and his claims and
also subjected Weyleigh’s footage to
professional analysis. It was ultimately
learned that Weyleigh’s real name was
John Wabe, that he was a video editor,
and that his film was a fraud. There are
still many who believe that the Oliver’s
Castle video could not have been hoaxed
and that it does, indeed, show UFOs creating a crop formation, even though Wabe
later confessed to the hoax.

A Crop Circle Who’s Who / 201
White, John. Writer, editor, and authority on higher consciousness and enlightenment. He is the founder and director
of the annual UFO Experience convention; founder of the Noetics Society with
astronaut Edgar Mitchell; veteran, civic
leader, and devoted patriot; and literary
agent for both authors of this book. Colin
Andrews met his wife Synthia, as well as
many of his key contacts at one of White’s
UFO conferences in 1991.

Williams, Matthew. The first person to
be arrested and charged with trespassing
after making a crop circle design in England. Williams has proven to those researchers that are willing to listen that he
is capable of making very impressive crop
patterns with a small team of workers.

Wingfield, George. Respected crop circle
researcher who has been working in the
field since 1987. Wingfield has done valuable research on the existence and cause
of crop circles, and he also looked into the
British and American governments’ involvement in the phenomenon.

Withers, James. Crop circle researcher
known for his superior observation skills.
Withers has spent hundreds of hours over
many days and nights looking for clues to
the crop circle phenomenon in the fields
and in the skies. Withers was a highly valued participant at the Operation White
Crow and Operation Blackbird crop circle
surveillance operations. Along with Shelly
Keel, Withers constructed a crop circle
for one of the major scenes in the British
movie, A Place To Stay. A few days after
the crop circle was built, a huge formation now known as “The Galaxy” appeared nearby at Milk Hill.

==========================================
Appendix D. Crop Circle Websites

home.clara.net/lucypringle
Lucy Pringle’s fantastic site. Loaded with
stunning photographs. A must-see.

www.busty-taylor.com/cropper/98busty2.htm
Well organized site about crop circles.

www.circlemakers.org
The Website of one of the most organized
group of hoaxers, three men who go by the
name of “Team Satan,” and who Danny
Sotham describes as “fibbing bounders.”
The Circlemakers regularly claim “authorship” of complex crop patterns, including
some of the designs to which many experts
assign the most credibility. As Freddy Silva
says in Secrets in the Fields:
According to the images posted
on their Website, one would think they
created...the original ‘Julia Set,’
which, of course, they would have had
to make in broad daylight beside
Stonehenge while invisible. But then
again it’s far more convenient to claim
a bank robbery than do the deed
yourself, just as it is common practice
for multiple terrorists to claim responsibility for the same bomb.
The unpleasant violent imagery notwithstanding, Silva’s point is well-taken.

www.coasttocoastam.com
The Website that replaced the Art Bell
show’s site. George Noory’s Coast to
Coast radio show covers a wide range of
paranormal topics, including crop circles.
Colin Andrews has appeared on Noory’s
show several times.

www.CosmicArtistCD.com
Website of Colin Andrew’s Cosmic Artist CD-ROM, which compiles hundreds
of Colin’s original crop circle photographs,
location maps, and detailed explanatory
captions.

www.cropcircleanswers.com
Ed and Kris Sherwood’s excellent site.
Scientific research into the crop circle
phenomenon.

www.cropcircleconnector.com
Excellent crop circle site.

www.cropcircleinfo.com
Circles Phenomenon Research International (CPR), Colin Andrews’s Website.

www.cropcircleradius.com
Good site for crop circle links.

www.cropcircleresearch.com
A well-organized, comprehensive Website
about crop circles. Excellent crop circle
search engine.

www.stephenspignesi.com.
Website of Colin Andrews’s co-author on
Crop Circles: Signs of Contact.

www.swirlednews.com
A well-organized, comprehensive Website
about crop circles.


===========================================
Appendix E. The Andrews Catalog

I established the Andrews Crop Circle
Catalogue system in 1983. Each crop
pattern is assigned a specific “T” number. I have included designs for all the crop
formations I have come upon during my research over the years, be they authentic or
manmade. The designs are not all drawn to
scale, although many are. Some patterns have
appeared many times in various countries.
A companion pamphlet to the
Andrews Catalogue is available. This
stand-alone publication provides the location, month, and year of appearance of
every design shown. For more details,
contact either of the authors through their
Websites (See Appendix D) or through the
publisher.



=====================================
Index

A
A Place to Stay, 16, 171
alien spacecraft as crop circle creators, 70
Andrews Catalog, The, 205-231
Andrews, Synthia, 145
Australia, 78
Austria, 80
Avebury Lights, 50
B
ball of light, 164
biological changes in crops, 51
Bowers, Doug, 153-158
Brazil, 81
C
Canada, 77
cattle mutilations and crop circles, 72-73
Celtic Cross of Longstock, 112-113
Celtic Cross, 31, 33
Center for Crop Circle Studies, 53-54
China, 82
Chorley, Dave, 153-158
Circles Phenomenon Research
International Newsletter, 91, 111, 115
Circles Phenomenon Research
International, 28, 76, 145
Circular Evidence, 21, 22, 26, 115-116,
127
communication, crop circles as form of,
45-46
Conway, Stuart, 93
cover photo, story behind, 15-16
Crop Circle Apocalypse, 151
crop circle A–Z, 183-191
“Crop Circle Empowerment,” 145-152
crop circle F.A.Q., 177-181
crop circle food and drink, 54-55
crop circle movies and documentaries,
169-172
crop circle theories, 61-73
crop circle Websites, 203

crop circle Who’s Who, 193-201
crop circles
and cattle mutilations, 72-73
and sacred sites, 40-41
of the past, 38-40
crop circles, defined, 37
crop circles, fate of, 46-47
crop circles, magic of, 38
crop circles, number of, 37
Crop Circles: Quest for Truth, 162, 171
Crop Circles: The Latest Evidence, 21
Curry, Mike, 162
Czech Republic, 79-80
D
deceased as creators of crop circles,
70-71
deception, cost of, 150-151
Delgado, Pat, 21, 127-128, 132-135, 162
Deveruex, Paul, 148
Diatonic Ratios, 115-117
Dickinson, Rodney, 163
documentaries about crop circles,
169-172
E
80/20 Statement, 153-158
energy, theory of, 148-150
England, 76
extraterrestrial intelligences, 28-29
F
farmers, reaction of, 47-49
Finland, 80
first crop circle, 38
Fischbach, Ephraim, 165
fractal geometry, 87
fractal mathematics, 34
France, 79
G
Gaia Theory, 61-65, 68
Gazecki, William, 162
geography, 59
sacred, 41
Germany, 77-78
Gibson, Mel, 27, 169-171
golden lights, 50
government satellites theory, 71-72
Greer, Dr. Steven, 112
H
Hadley, Robert, 16
Hawkins, Gerald, 16, 93
History’s Mysteries: Crop Circle
Controversy, 172
hoaxes, 52, 75, 119-165
reason for, 123-124
Hungary, 78
I
ice rings and snow circles, 72
India, 81
insecurity, 85
intelligent design of crop circles, 35-36
Ireland, 81
Israel, 80
Italy, 80

Index / 237
J
Japan,. 78-79
Julia Set, 13, 34
Julia Set, 87-90
L
Lang-Bernhand, Nicolae, 38
Levengood, William, 16, 51-53, 90
life force energies, 68
Lodge, Oliver, 71
M
Madison Square Garden speech, 17,
25-26, 59, 85, 101, 121
magic of crop circles, 38
magnetism theory, 65-68
Macnish, John, 151
Mexico. 81
Michell, John, 148
microwave radiation as theory, 68-69
movies about crop circles, 169-172
N
Netherlands, The, 78
New View Over Atlantis, The, 148
New Zealand, 80
nodal expansion, 51
O
Oliver’s Castle video, 139-143
Operation Blackbird, 131-137
Operation White Crow, 105
P
plants, changes in, 13, 16, 34, 51
plasma vortices and whirlwinds, 69
Poland, 81
Presley, Reg, 19-20
Probert, David, 89
profiting from crop circles, 49-50
R
radiation, 53-54
Reich, Wilhelm, 68
requesting crop circles, 13-14, 32
robust erections, 54
Russell, Ron, 113-114
Russia, 80
S
sacred geometry, 41
sacred sites and crop circles, 40-41
Scotland, 79
Secret of Ancient and Sacred Places, 148
September 11, 2001, 35

Shyamalan, M. Night, 169-171
Signs, 15, 169-171
snow circles and ice rings, 72
sounds of crop circles, 103-105
South Africa, lack of crop circles, 75
spiraling views, 101
spirituality and crop circles, 34-35
starch crystals, changes in, 52
Stonehenge Decoded, 93
Stonehenge Julia Set, 87-90
“Stonehenge: A Coincidental Discovery,”
91-93
Stonehenge, 13, 41-42, 59, 83-97, 104
Sweden, 81
Switzerland, 79
T
Taylor, Busty, 21, 162
interview with, 95-97
Thompson, Marcus, 16
U
UFO Experience, 27
UFO landing sites, 70
UFOs, 22, 27, 32, 124, 139-143
Ultimate Crop Circles: Signs from
Space?, 172
Undeniable Evidence, 172
underground water theory, 58
United States, 76-77
Unsolved Mysteries, 75
V
“Viagra Effect,” 54
W
Wales, 79
War of the Worlds, The, 124-125
Wessex Triangle, 42-45
Wild Things They Don’t Tell Us, 20
Y
Yugoslavia, 82

=============================================================
About the Authors

Colin Andrews, a former engineer with the British Government, is universally considered the world’s leading authority on the crop circle phenomenon. Beginning his
study of crop circles in 1983, his first book, Circular Evidence, was a worldwide bestseller. He was a scientific consultant for Signs, the blockbuster movie starring Mel Gibson.
Colin travels all over the world investigating crop formations, and lectures regularly on
the subject. His Website, CropCircleInfo.com is an exhaustive resource.

Stephen J. Spignesi is a New York Times best-selling author of more than 30 books
about American and world history, biography, film, TV, popular culture, crime, and the
paranormal.
