============================================================================
Title Pages


UFOs and Related Subjects: An Annotated Bibliography, 
Lynn E. Catoe, 

Prepared by the Library of Congress, July 
1969 

09-November-2014 

12-November-2014 

15-December-2014 

Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC-R) 
ATTN: FOIA Requester Service Center 
8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 0944 
Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060-6218 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The governmentattic.org web site (“the site”) is noncommercial and free to the public.  The site and materials 
made available on the site, such as this file, are for reference only.  The governmentattic.org web site and its 
principals have made every effort to make this information as complete and as accurate as possible, however, 
there may be mistakes and omissions, both typographical and in content.  The governmentattic.org web site and 
its principals shall have neither liability nor responsibility to any person or entity with respect to any loss or 
damage  caused,  or  alleged  to  have  been  caused,  directly  or  indirectly,  by  the  information  provided  on  the 
governmentattic.org  web  site  or  in  this  file.    The  public  records  published  on  the  site  were  obtained  from 
government agencies using proper legal channels.  Each document is identified as to the source.  Any concerns 
about 
in 
the  document 
question.  GovernmentAttic.org is not responsible for the contents of documents published on the website. 

the  site  should  be  directed 

the  contents  of 

to 

the  agency  originating 

DEFENSE  TECHNICAL  INFORMATION  CENTER 

8725 JOHN J. KINGMAN ROAD 

FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA 22016-6218 

:<,jiff', 
"'t">l'"' 

DTIC-R (FOIA 2015-50) 

N0V  1 ')  ?()1d 

This is  in  response to  your email dated November 9,  2014, received in  this office 
November 10, 2014, requesting information under the Freedom of Information Act 
(FOIA) (enclosure  I).  Under Department of Defense rules  implementing the FOIA. 
published at 32 CFR 286, your request was categorized as "other." 

Attached you will  find  document AD0688332, entitled "UFOs and Related Sul?iccts: An 
Annotated Bibliography".  It is approved for public release. 

To date, there are no assessable fees  for services from  DTIC.  Please understand that 
other members of the public may submit a FOIA request  for copies of FOIA requests 
received by this office, or the names of those who have submitted requests.  Should such 
occur, your name and,  if asked for,  a copy of your request will be released; however, your 
home address and home telephone number will  not be released.  Other private citizens 
who have obtained your name by using such a request may contact you: however, 
correspondence from  the DoD about your request will be on official letterhead.  Please 
contact me at (703)  767-9204 if you  have any questions.  Thank you  for your interest in 
obtaining information from  DTlC. 

1 Enclosure 

Sincerely. 

~E£~0N 

FOIA Program  Manager 



AFOOR  68-1656 

UFOs  and  Related  Subjects:  An  Annotated  Bibliography 

Lynn E.  Catoe 

Prepared by  the Library of  Congress 

Science and Technology Division 

for  the 

Air  Force Office of Scientific  Research 
Office of Aerospace Research,  USAF 

Arlington,  Virginia  22209 

under 

AFOSR project orders 67-0002  and 68-0003 

ri:- l'hls document has been app'roved tor publ!o • 
i"leas• and sale; its d1atr1but1on 1s UDlimited. 

Library of Congress  Card Catalog No.  68-62196 

U. S.  Government Printing Office,  Washington:  1969 

For Sale by the Superintendent of Documents 

U. S,  Government  Printing Office 

Washington,  D. C.  20402  - Price $3. 50 

FOREWORD 

The subjed of unidentified flying objects is a popular phenomenon of the  period from 

1947,  evoking widl',Jpread speculation,  and producing a  literature of  great variety and 
scope.  This body  of literature and documentation is source material for  readers seek-
ing better understanding of this question,  which has involved the  U.S.  Air  Force as 
well as other official groups. 

This is believed to  be  the  most  comprehensive bibliography published to  date on 
the  subject,  and includes the extensive UFO collection of  the Library of  Congress,  as 
well as  related material useful in understanding the nab;.re of the question. 

The bibliography was produced by  the Library's Division of Science and Technology 

with  support provided by  the Air  Force Office of Scientific Research,  a Wlit  of the 
Office  of Aerospace Research,  the  research agency of the U.S.  Air  Force. 

The bibliographer is Miss Lynn  E.  Catoe,  who  also collected the books,  journal 
articles,  pamphlets,  conference proceedings,  tapes,  original manuscripts,  and other 
material listed here,  a  total of  more than  1, 600  items. 

This literature survey was  requested by  AFOOR to assist a  scientific  research 

project at the University of Colorado under the direction of  Dr.  Edward U.  Condon  on 
unidentified flying objects.  The  research began  1 November  1966,  and has been 
carried out with support provided by  AFOSR at the  direction of  the Secretary of the 
Air  Force under contract  F4_4620-67-C-0035.  The preparation of  the bibliography was 
accomplished under AFOSR  project orders 67-0002 and 68-0003. 

Materiai collected by  the Library of Congress and cited in this bibliography was 
made available in its entirety,  with the exception of the addenda,  to the  University of 
Colorado project in the form  of microfilm.  The  bibliography itself was  provided the 
university in  card form.  While much of this  material is protected by  copyright,  photo-
copies of  some items are available for  sale to the public.  lnqu)ries on  their purchase 
may be directed to the Library of Congress,  Photoduplication Service,  Washington, 
D.C.  20540. 

In keeping with its policy of making widely  available the results of projects it 

supports,  AFOSR  has undertaken publication of the bibliography,  and its expected .sale 
through the Superintendent of Documents of the  U.S.  Government Printing Office. 
This publication in no  way  constitutes  an  endorsement by  the Department of the 
Air  Force of any material cited,  or of any  v\ews  expressed in  any  of the material. 
Responsibility for  editorial content remains that of the bibliographer.  Inquiries on 
this publication  may  be directed to the Staff Information Officer,  AFOSR,  Arlington, 
Virginia  22209. 

Cartoons have developed as a  distinct art fo!"m  reflecting public  opinions of our 
time.  Appreciation is expressed here to  the artists who  have permitted the use of 
their work,  and to  their publications holding copyright. 

AFOSR was fortunate to avail itself of the resources of the Science and Technology 
Division,  and especially the dedicated and highly  skillful services of  Miss Catoe.  The 
material she developed will assist those seeking to  understand not  only these and 
related phenomena but also their various implications for a  wide  range of  inquiry. 

July 1969 

ii 

================================================================
PREFACE 

This  bibliography will indicate to  many  that the subject of unidentified flying objects 

is far broader and more complicated than  has been  recognized by  the  adherents to  any 
one  theory or solution.  There are deep historical roots,  involved social and psycho-
logical implications,  and a  complex overlapping of  many  disparate subject fields. 

It would  seem that the whole  must be studied to  understand the  significance of the 

parts,  and the phenomenon would  seem to be  multiple in case and diffuse in source. 
There is no  simple,  single  explanation of  the  UFO phenomenon  that  can be applied to 
all cases described in  the  literature. 

In historical perspective,  UFO  literature,  especially during the  last two  decades, 

indicates a pat~flrn of brief but voluminous "waves."  These are made up  of books, 
magazine artic 1e1::>  and newspaper stories devoted to  detailed descriptions of unidentified 
flying  objects,  including controversial acc·:>Unts  of people who  claim to have had direct 
personal experience with  these objects and their occupants. 

Each new wave of literature is a  rediscovery of an old subject,  for the tales of 

marvelous flying  machines piloted by  unearthly beings  can be traced even  beyond their 
mention in  the ancient  Hindu  scriptures.  Also,  it should be  noted that the folklore and 
mythology of many  countries and the  legends of  many aboriginal tribes seem to  be inte-
grally related - - if not completely bound - - to  the belief that this planet's skies are 
occupied,  perhaps  even populated,  by  entities supe!'ior to  man. 

Thousands of  books and pamphlets on  the  UFO  phenomenon have  appeared,  offering 
a wide  range of speculation and explanation.  Some  of  these works  were first published 
in  the  lSth century.  An  appreciable wave of "flying saucer" literature appeared in the, 
1920' s,  simultaneously with astronomers'  growing interest in  other planets.  The most. 
popular thesis has always  been that  the UFOs  and theh· occupants are visitors from 
another planet or from a  distant star system.  However,  in  1818,  some individuals 
became convinced that the  earth is hollow and that another and alien  race occupies its 
interior.  Since 1944,  much material has  been published to  support this "inner earth" 
theory and the hypothesis  that UFOs  originate there. 

iii 

A large part of the available UFO  litel'ature is closely linked with mysticism and 
the  metaphysical.  It deals with  subjects like mental te!.epathy,  automatic writing,  and 
invisible entities as well as phenomena like poltergeist manifestations and 
"possession."  One  school of thought holds that flying  saucers are Biblical "signs in the 
sky"  that portend the  Second Coming.  Another  believes that an invisible fourth- or 
other-dimensional world is involved.  Some  groups  have  concluded that mankind is 
being,  and may have always been,  manipulated by  extraterrestrial forces  -- the UFO 
occupants.  Others detail the  endless battle between "good"  and "evil'1  believing that the 
UFOs  play an int\"!gral part in  this "war."  Unearthly ,,police forces"  are desclibed and 
explained. 

Many of the UFO  reports now  being publis!~ed in the popular press recount alleged 

incidents that are strikingly similar to  demoniac possession and psychic phenomena 
which  have  long been known  to  theologians and parapsychologists.  Therefore, 
references to  these subjects have  been included as well as references to occult works 
which have similarities to  the  general tone and content of the  UFO  literature. 

A  major objective of this bibliography was  to  gather material from  the physical 
sciences which  related to  the UFO phenomrJnon.  The  results of this intensive effort 
were a  collection of articles which appeared in scientific and technical journals.  Some 
discussed UFOs in  general terms in light of the  limitations of present physical 
theories,  and others explore peripheral areas,  such as ball lightning and interstellar 
travel,  which  relate to  certain theoried  regarding UFOs.  Admittedly the number of 
such "hard science"  references is small,  but  they fill an  important place in this 
collection. 

For his  very useful contribuHon,  the section on  mirages,  I  wish to  thank 

Lt.  Col.  Daniel H.  Lufkin,  USAF,  Chief of the Aerospace Sciences Division of the 
Environmental Technical Applic·ations Center,  Military Airlift Command,  U.S.  Air 
Force.  The  references are thf:  best treatments,  theoretical and practical,  of this 
classical subject.  Because of its special nature,  I  have incorporated his bibliography 
separately as appendix  1.  These items are not included in  the author index,  nor are 
others in  the addenda. 

This two-year survey of the growing UFO  literature reveals many publications 

that are the  result of painstaking research,  yet in its entirety,  contradictions are far 
more common  than  consistencies.  It is also noteworthy that points of view are taken 
up  by  factions,  each of which seems convinced that its answer to  the  UFO  riddle is the 
right one  and the only one. 

iv 

I have sought to  include items of scholarly interest and intent,  and to  make the 
bibliography as useful as possible for both scholars and general readers interested 
in the  subject.  The principal difficulties in achieving completeness are the great 
volume of UFO  and UFO-related literature,  and  the  fact  that much of it is privately 
published and of limited distribution. 

Scientific theory of today often becomes fact tomorrow.  The line between the 

possible and the impossible is arbitrary.  Many  misconceptions pass for information. 
One day,  perhaps within our time,  out of all the  contradictions surrounding the UFO 
phenomenon,  man may discover to  his  complete satisfaction its exact nature and 
origin. 

July 1969 

LYNNE.  CATOE 

v 

================================================================
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

Much of the  "flying saucer"  literature of the past twenty years was privately 

printed and poorly distributed and would have quickly and  permanently disappeared 
if it had not been carc:fully prese:--.:ed by  individual collectors and students of the 
phenomenon.  This bibliography c .. l!ld not  have  been compiled without the full  and 
selfless cooperation of such collr-:ctors  throughout the  world.  Many of these people 
gave most fredy of their time.  and their assistance and enthusiasm was of inestimable 
value. 
or,  in  some cases,  ever.  lent their entire collections to this project for copying.  Others 
painstakingly supplied information which made it possible to locate obscure items,  and 
offered practical suggestions and lists of  books which  they felt  should  be included. 

I  am particularly grateful to the following individuals who  located  rare items 

Jan Aldric~i 
Hulvio  ~rant Aleixo 
Hemani  Ebecken de  Araujo 
Gra!r  B::t.rker 
William  Don  Barnes 
Lionel  Beer 
Otto 0.  Binder 
Ted  Bloecher 
Charles  Bowen 
.:neen L.  Buckle 
Edwardo  Buelta 
C.  Maxwell  Cade 
Robert J.  Childerhouse 
Leonard G.  Cramp 
Gordon  Creighton 
Leon Davidson 
Isabel Davis 
W.  Raymond Drake 
H.  C.  Dudley 
Gene  Duplantier 
P.  M.  H.  Edwards 
Lucius  Farish 
Zindermans  Forlag 
Rene  Fouere 
Wolfr~·.m  Fragner 

Stanton  T.  Friedman 
Oscar A.  Galindez 
Richard C.  Gerdes 
Gabriel Green 
Richard Hall 
Carol Halford-Watkins 
James A.  Harder 
Rene J.  Hardy 
Joanna Hugill 
Philipp Human 
J.  Allen Hynek 
George Isuis 
Sushil K.  Jain 
Ebbe .Johansson 
Kurt  Kauffmann 
Aleksandr Kazantsev 
Lars Kim-Nicklason 
John  A.  Keel 
Elizabeth Klarer 
Eugene  B.  Konecci 
Kenneth  Larson 
June Larson 
L.  Gerald Laufer 
John  D.  Llewellyri 
Ernest Linder 

vii 

L.  James Lorenzen 
Walter  F.  Luna 
Sven Magnusson 
Mario Maioli 
James E.  McDonald 
Donald H.  Menzel 
Aime  Michel 
Modern Space  Flight Association 
James W.  Mosely 
Stewart Nixon 
Peter E.  Norris 
Hermann Oberth 
Frank Pedersen 
Roberto  Pinotti 
Hector Quintanilla 
K.  Gosta Rehn 
Philip Rodgers 
Mary  F.  Romig 
Margaret Rose 

Frank B.  Salisbury 
Iva.n  T.  Sanderson 
Philip Seff 
Gianni Settimo 
Benjamin Simon 
Edgar ~imons 
Loo Sprinkle 
Fred P.  Stone 
Ivy Sutton 
Egerton Sykes 
Howard Timmins 
Brinsley Le Poer Trench 
M.  R.  Veillith 
M.  Jean Vuillequ ez 
Joseph A.  Webb 
William  B.  Weitzel 
Alice K.  Wells 
Paul J.  Willis 
Lou  Zinsstag 

Deep  appreciation is expressed to  Arthur G.  RenFtrom,  Head of  the Aeronautics 

Section,  Science and Technoiogy Division,  Library of  Congress,  who  generously 
assisted production of this  volume in such matters as research, translations and 
preparation of  the  manuscript. 

LYNNE.  CATOE 

================================================================
CONTENTS 

Unidentified  Flying Objects 

General References 

Books and Pamphlets 
Periodical Articles 

Abductions 
Air  Force 
Ancient Records 
Angel  Hair 
Bases
Cartoons,  books of 
Censorship 
Central Intelligence Agency 
Contact Claims 
Design 
Detectors 
Electromagnetic  Effects 
Landings 
Men  in  Black 
Mission 
News Management 
Occupants 
Origin and Nature 
Orthoteny 
Perception 
Personalities 
Photographs 
Propulsion 
Psychic Aspects 
Radar 
Radiation  Effects 
Research 
Seductions 
Sightings 
1800s 
1900s 
1940s 
1950s 
1960s 
Statements 
University of Colorado Study 
Miscellaneous 
Bibliography 

Origin of  Life 

Mankind 

Evolution 
Origin 

Solar System 

General References 
Mars 
Moon 
Venus 

Extraterrestrial Life 

General References 
Communication 
Implications 
Inte lli gene e 
Philosophy 

Extraterrestrial Visitors 

Ball Lightning and  Fireballs 

Disc-li.ke Aircraft 

Unidentified Submarine Objects 

Fortean Phenomena 

UFOs and  Religion 

UFOs and Time 

Gravity and Anti-gravity 

Hollow  Earth Theory 

Disappearances 

Related Subjects 

Gener::i.l  References 
Atlantis and Lemuria 
Miracle at  Fatima 
Poltergeists 
Prophesies 
Teleportation 
Tunguska  Meteorite 

Selected  Fiction 

Appendices 
l'M.rages 
Addenda 

Author Index 

Cartoons 


"Well,  isn't there any other agency that 
we  can contact that DOES believe in us?" 

"Earth's surface temperature is under  100 

degrees.  In that frigid climate,  there 
couldn't possibly be life as we  Venusians 
know it." 

"Its another of those flying  saucer things." 
"Stay calm,  Dr.  Condon  -- Just tell them 
you  don't believe in them~" 

"Definitely swamp  gas~" 
" •• , Attributable to swamp  gas and other 

like phenomena creating illusions which 
to the untrained seem ... " 

"If you  ask me,  they know  more about UFOs 
than they' re telling." 

"I don't get a  lot of their art,  but they know 
how  to do  a  realistic nude. " 

"Near as I can make out,  they're on  their 
honeymoon." 


Unidentified  Flying  Objects 

GENERAL  REFERENCES 

===========================================================
Books and Pamphlets 


Adamski,  George.  Flying saucers farewell.  London,  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman, 

1961.  190  p. 

Adamski discusses the r"''lsons  spacecraft from other planets are visiting earth 
and man's place in the ur.iverse as  reportedly revealed to  him through contact 
with beings  from  Venus,  Mars,  and Saturn. 

-----Inside the spaceships.  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman,  1955.  256  p. 

Account of alleged physical contact and communication with  beings from  Venua, 
Mars,  and Saturn.  Descriptions of trips in extraterrestrial spacecraft.  Photo-
graphs and diagrammatic dra\\ings. 

Adler,  Billy,  comp.  Letters to  the Air  Force on  UFOs.  New  Yvrk,  Dell Pub.  Co., 

1967. 

l57  p. 

"From the files of the U.S.  Air  Force 'Project Blue  Book'." 

Aleman  "J'elasco,  Miguel.  Los secretos y las leyes del espacio.  Mexico,  D. F., 

1962.  258  p. 

Allingham,  Cedric.  Flying saucer from  Mars.  New  York,  British  Book Center, 

1955.  153  p. 

Report of alleged UFO  landing  Feb.  18,  1954,  near Lossiemouth,  North 
Scotland,  and author's contact with a Martian. 

Angelucci,  Orfeo M.  Th1>  secret of the saurers.  Amherst,  ·Nis.,  Amherst  Pr~ss, 

1955.  167 p. 

Account of author's alleged  ride in extraterrestrial spacecraft and  contact with 
extraterrestrial beings associated with the objects.  Propulsion of  sparecraft 
explained as conv~rted magnetic  energy  ''inherent in all the Wliverse. '' 

Arnold,  Kenneth  A.  The  flying  saucer as Isa\\' it.  Boise,  Idaho,  The Author,  1950. 

16 p. 

Author's account of  UFO sighting June 24,  1947,  near Mt.  Rainier,  Washington. 

Arnold.  Kenneth  A.  and Ray Palmer.  The  coming of the saucers.  Boise,  Idaho, 

The  Authors,  1952.  192 p. 

Dotailed acccur.t  of  Arnold's s\ghting on June 24,  1947,  of chain of nine  saucer-
like objects flying  in formation near Mt.  Rainier and of June 21,  1947,  report-
ed sighting of six disc-shaped UFOs off Maury Island,  Wash.,  by Harold  A. 
Dahl.  Photographs. 

Babcock,  Edward J.  and Timothy G.  Beckley,  eds.  UFOs  around the world. [n.pJ 

Interplanetary News  Service,  1966.  G4  p. 

Selected articles by UFO researchers,  including Jacques Vall~e,  Antonio Ribera, 
Frank Edwards,  and Henry R.  Gallart. 

Baker,  Robert M. L.  Investigations of  anomalistic observational phenomena.  El 

Segundo,  Calif.,  The Author,  1968.  23 p. 

In  his state:nent,  the author (1)  presents a  summary of  analyses that have lead 
him to believe that anomalistic phenomena [UFOs]  exist~ (2)  explains the prob-
able inadequacy of  current terrestrial  sensors in observing and/or defining 
characteristics of  the anomalistic phenomena;  (3)  suggests a  number of tentative 
hypothetical  sources for the phenomenon and the  justification for their scientific 
study;  and (4)  makes specific recommendations for new  observational and study 
programs.  Presented at Symposium on Unidentified  Flying Objects,  Committee 
on Science and Astronautics,  House  of  Representatives,  July  29,  1968. 

Barker,  Gray.  Gray Barker's book of  saucers.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Sauce:rian 

Books,  1965.  77  p. 

Book  catalogues UFO sightings in all parts of the world,  1S62-1!?63.  Sauc'er 
landings,  communication between saucer crews and humans,  seizure ofter-
restrials by  saucer crews,  mating  of extraterrestrials with terrestrials,  anci 
"the men  in  black" are discussed. 

----- They knew  too  much about flying  saucers.  New  York,  University Books, 

1956.  256  p. 

Instances are cited in which flying  saucer investigators have allegedly been 
fright1med  into silence by  various  visitors,  including  "three men in black." 

Beer,  Lionel.  An  introduction to flying  saucers.  London,  The  Author,  1964.  44p. 

Typescript.  A five-part series of articles:  (1)  How,  What and Where?;  (2) The 
Historical  Aspect;  (3)  UFO Research Today;  (4)  Friendly and Hostile'i;  (5)  The 
Visitors Themselves. 

Bender,  Albert K.  Flying  saucers and the three men.  Annotated and with introd. 
and e!pilogue  by Gray Barker.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books,  1962. 
194 p. 

Discussion of  activities of and reports of  UFO sightings made to International 
Flying Saucer Bureau,  organized by  Bender in April 1952 in Bridgeport,  Con':l., 
and of Bender's contact with extraterrestrial beings which he  claimed resulted 
in his dissolving IFSB  ln November  1953. 

Bray,  Arthur.  Science,  the public,  and the UFO:  a philosophical study.  Ottawa, 

Canada,  Bray Book Service,  1967.  193 p. 

state-of-the-art summary of available facts on unidentified flying  objects in 
world perspective.  Includes history of the UFO phenomenon;  possible existence 
of  extraterrestrial life;  contact  stories; and possible modes of propulsion for 
extraterrestrial spacecraft. 

Buckle,  Eileen.  The  Scoriton mystery.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1967.  303 p. 

Full  details  of investigation by  British Unidentified  Flying Object Research 
Association  (BUFORA)  of  E. A.  Bryant's claim that  on  April  24,  1965,  near 
Scoriton,  England,  he  encountered three iadividuals from  a  landed extraterres-
trial spacecraft,  one of  whom  told him,  ''My name  is Yamski. '' (George Adamski 
had died on  April 23.) 

Buli,  F.  Malcolm.  UFO handbook 2.  London,  British UFO Research Assn.,  [1964) 

31  p. 

Details are given of  the various natural and man-made phenomena that could be 
misinterpreted as unidentified flying  objects. 

Calvillo Madrigal,  Salvador.  Plativologia,  eusayo nesciente.  Mexico,  1954.  21  p. 

Listing of  worldwide  sightings of  UFOs from  1947  with emphasis on those view-
ed throughout  Mexico  in  1952. 

Campione,  Michael  J.  Reality of  UFOs,  their danger,  their hope.  Cinnaminson, 

N. J.,  The  Author,  1965.  16 p. 

General discussion of the UFO phenomenon,  inrludin:;  recognizable  character-
istics,  physiological effects on  humans,  statistics on sightings and landings, 
theories on their origin,  and USAF policy. 

Chambers,  Howard V.  UFOs for 1;1e  millions.  Los  Angeles,  Sherbourne Press, 

Inc.,  1967.  158p. 

Book discusses UFO  sightings,  the persons who  made them,  the persons who 
made evaluations of the  sightings,  and what people who thl'lk they'vt!  made actu-
al  contacts with aliens think these sightings  mean. 

Chartrand,  Robert  L.  and William  F.  Brown.  Facts about unidentified flying ob-

jects.  Washington,  Library of Congress,  Legislative Reference Service,  1966. 
29 p. 

Includes the following:  description of various types of UFOs;  trends in UFO 
activity;  historical sightings of aerial phenomena;  identification of flying  ob-
jects (versus UFOs);  U.S.  Government  monitoring of UFO activity;  special 
studies of UFOs;  sptclal briefings on UFO activity; public  reaction to UFOs; 
Air Force Regulation  200-2. 

Coelho Netto,  Paulo.  A realidade dos  discos voadores.  Rio  de  Janeiro,  Editora 

Minerva,  1966.  59  p. 

Cohen,  Daniel.  Myths  of the  space age.  New  York,  Dodd,  Mead & Co.,  1967. 

278 p. 

Author  discusses "myths"  -- including flying  saucers  -- that have persisted in-
to  modern times"although mankind shouldby nowknowbetter .. "  In  his discus-
sion of  UFOs,  he  cites and oifrrs explanations for  several classic sightings. 

Cox,  Donald W.,  ed.  America's explorers of  space,  including a  speciaJ  report on 

UFOs.  Maplewood,  N. J, ,  Hammond,  1967.  93  p. 

Special  rep' rt on unidentified flying  objects gives brief overview oi the UFO 
controve ··,y.  Possible UFO sightings by Gemini astronauts Young  and  Collins 
in mid- ~.:166 are discussed as well  as attempts  made to contact other worlds 
under Project Ozma. 

Cremaschi,  Inisero and Guiseppe  Pederiali.  Dischi volanti:  benvenuti.  Bologna, 

Carroccio,  1967.  157  p. 

Summary of  evidence in support of theory of extraterrestrial origin of UFOs. 
UF'O photographs from  many parts of the world are analyzed and discussed as 
are contactee  reports. 

Da Silva,  Renato I.  No  espaco nao estamoJ s6s.  ffilo  Paulo,  Edart,  1966.  213 p. 

Theories  relating to possibility of life on  the moon  and other planets are sum-
marized.  Parapsychological phenomena of  mental telepathy  precognition,  ESP, 
premonition,  and astral projection are discussed as they might  relate to  con-
tact with  extraterrestrial entities or intelligences. 

Do.wid,  Jay.  The  flying  saucer reader.  New  York,  New  American Library,  1967. 

244 p. 

An anthology of  material on various aspects of  the UFO phenomenon.  Authors 
include  Brinsley  le  Poer Trench,  Paul Thomas,  Edward J.  Ruppelt,  Jacquea 
Vallee,  Brad Steiger,  W.  Gordon  Allen,  George  Adams~, George Hunt 
Williamson,  Albert K.  Bender,  Donald Keyhoe,  Gavin Gibbons,  Raymond 
Bernard,  Donald H.  Menzel  and Lyle  G.  Boyd,  Aime  Michel,  and Harold 
Wilkins. 

Earley,  George W.  Unidentified flying  objects:  an historical perspective.  Bloom-

field,  Conn.,  The  Author,  1967.  14 p. 

Paper presented at ASME  Design  Eng~neering Conference  in New  York City, 
May  15-18,  1967.  Examines overall  UFO  scene from  1947;  summarizes sev-
eral representative  unsolved sightings reported in U.S.; discusses global na-
ture of sighting reports;  suggests that some UFOs  may be extraterrestrial 
spacecraft; advances general  suggestions for  more effective study  of  UFO 
phenomenon. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Flying saucers,  serious business.  New York,  Lyle  Stuart,  Inc., 

1966.  319 p. 

Report on  worldwide  sightings  of UFOs  and attack on veil  of  secrecy that govern-
ments of the world have  drawn around the  matter.  Data cited authenticated by 
NICAP. 

Erskine, Allen L.  Why are they watching us?  New  York,  Tower Books,  1967.  124p. 

Author expresses his personal opinions on  the UFO phenomenon. 

Feryer,  R.  Fliegende untertassen. UFO's  -- Greifen Ausserirdische machte im-
unsere verhaltnisse ein?  Wohor kommen  sie?  Wer sind ihre piloten?  Was 
bezwecken  sie?  Boniswil/ Aargau,  Schiftenverlich,  1954.  32  p. 

The flying  saucer menace.  New  York and London,  Universal  Publishing and Dis-

tributing  Corp.,  1967.  64  p. 

Facts and photographs that would seem to  indicate UFO  hostility. 

Flying  saucer review.  World roundup  of  UFO  sightings and events.  Introd.  by 

Brinsley le Poer Trench.  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1958.  224  p. 

Chronological  listing of UFO  sightings between late  1955  and December 1957 
as  reported to  Flying Saucer Review. 

Flying  saucers and UFOs  1968.  New  York,  K. M. R.  Publications,  1968.  73  p. 

Contents includes:  The South  Hill  Scare in Virginia;  A Strange  Feud:  Animals 
and  Flying Saucers;  The  Millerton Bowling  Ball;  Russia Begins  a Search for 
UFOs;  Who  are those Mysterious  Men in  Black I;  The  Secret of  Deception 
Island's Volcano. 

Flying saucers illustrated.  Studio City,  Calif.,  Kling  House,  Ltd.,  1967.  80  p. 

UFO phenomenon is treated from  several points of view by  different authors: 
"Contact Outer Space," by John Otto;  "Lies in the Skies," by  Frank Edwards; 
'The World's Strangest Convention," by  Jacob Konrath;  "George Adamski the 
First Ambassador to  Outer Space?, " by  Bob Grant;  "The UFO and Anti-Gravity," 
by  Bud  Pecaro;  ''Does  He  Talk to Flying Saucers?, " by  Michael x.  3ar!on; 
'The Case for  Flying Saucers," by  Bill  Hughes;  "Mysteries of the Deep," by 
Jacob Konrath;  "Flying Saucers and their Occupants,'' by  Jacob Konrath;  "First 
Authentic  Flying Saucer Photo," by Kenneth  Larson.  Many  UFO photos  are 
included. 

Flying saucers pictorial.  Tucson,  Ariz.,  Arizill  Realty and Pub.  Co.,  1967. 

Flying  saucers:  UFO  reports  -- No.  1.  New  York,  Dell  Publishing Co.,  1967. 

67  p. 

Compilation of  speculation and theories relating to UFO phenomena.  Flying 
saucer photos taken during IGY  mission,  reports of alleged encounters with 
humanoids,  and discussion of life on othf''" planets are included.  Sighting  of 
mysterious object by Hillsdale College  (l~.lich.) coeds  on March 14,  1966,  and 
incident in which Betty and Barney Hill were allegedly taken aboard a  flying 
saucer for physical examination are detailed. 

Flying  saucers:  UFO  report  -- No.  2.  New  York,  Dell  Publishing Co.,  1967.  64p. 

Summary of the  "sense and  nonsense,  speculatior. and theories"  relating to the 
UFO phenomenon.  Includes information on landings,  saucer occupants,  the 
Michigan  "flap," commonly  report UFO types,  and UFO research organizations. 
D~tails are  given of  sighting at Wanaque  Reservoir (N. ,J. ) on  Jan.  13,  1966, 
and mysterious glowing particles seen by  John Glenn while in orbit around the 
earth  Feb.  20,  1962. 

Flying  saucers:  UFO  reports  -- No.  3.  NewYork,  Dell  Publishing Co.,  1967.  64p. 

Coverage on UFO controversy,  theories,  hoaxes,  and photographs. 

Flying  saucers:  UFO reports -- No.  4.  New  York,  Dell  Publishing  Co.,  1967. 

64  p. 

Fact and theory on the  UFO phenomenon.  Features reports on UFOs  seen in 
outer space by U.S.  astronauts; a  ring-shaped UFO that gradually became en-
gulfed in and hidden by  a  vapor clo11d;  "outer space grass"; historical  evidence 
that space  ships from  alien worlds provided the life power for ancient stone-
works that baffle archeologists. 

Fry,  Daniel W.  The White  Sands  incident.  Los  Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing  Co., 

1954.  66  p. 

Author describes how  on  July 4,  1950,  he was taken in remote-controlled ex-
traterrestrial spa~ecraft on a  ride from White Sands Missile Range,  N.  Me:ic., 
to New  York City and back in approximately  30  minutes,  and claims he  con-
versed telepa.thically with extraterrestrial being i!ll  UFO's base ship 900  miles 
above  earth's surface . 

. ----- The  White Sands incident.  Louisville,  Ky.,  Best Books,  Inc.,  1966.  120 p. 

Account of  20-minute  roundtrip ride to New  York  in unmanned,  extraterrestrial 
spacecraft which allegedly landed near White  Sands  Proving Grounds,  New 
Mexico,  and  report of  subsequent  conversations with an extraterrestrial on 
science,  technology,  and philosophy. 

Fuller,  John G. 

Incident at Exeter; the story of  unidentified flying  objeds over 

America today.  New  York,  Putnam,  1966.  251  p. 

Report of Sept.  3,  1965,  sighting of  UFO  at Exeter,  N.  H.,  with testimony of 
60  persons who allegedly viewed  the  object. 

Girvan,  Ian Waveney. 

;Flying  saucers and common sense.  London,  Frederick 

Muller,  Ltd.,  1955.  160 p. 

Discusses mental processes by which  author  came to accept validity of theory 
that UFOs emanate from  somewhere outside  earth's atmosphere and that they 
are piloted or remotely controlled by  intelligent beings.  Also writes of the 
impact of the subject of  UFOs  on  the public  mind.  Published also in American 
edition  (New  York,  Citadel Press,  1956). 

Goodwin,  Harold.  The  science book  of  space travel.  New  York,  Franklin Watts, 

Inc.,  1954.  213 p. 

Popular discussion of  the technical problems inherent  in  space travel.  Chapter 
18  summarizes current fact and theory regarding the UFO phenomenon. 

GrP.en,  Gabriel and Warren Smith.  Let's face the facts about  flying  saucers.  New 

York,  Popular  Library,  1967.  127 p. 

Reports from  research members of the  Amalgamated  Flying  Saucer Clubs  of 
America (AFSCA)  that would  seem to  indicate that  UFOs  are vehicles from 
other planets and are piloted by  extraterrestrials. 

Greenbank,  Anthony.  Creatures frorr..  outer space  (stepping from flying  saucer). 

In  The  book  of  survival.  New  York and  Evanston,  Harper  & Row,  1967.  p.  34. 

Advice  on  what  to do  in the event of encounter with  crew disembarking from 
landed flying  saucer:  (1)  avoid rapid forceful  movement;  (2)  use no  shrill 
sounds;  (3)  breathe quietly;  (4)  avoid giving a  direct menacing gaze. 

Greenfield,  Irving  A.  The  UFO  report.  New  York,  Lancer  Books,  1967.  141  p. 

Summary of the author's personal investigations into the numerous UFO  sight-
ing  reports on  Long  Island,  N.  Y.,  in the  i:;pring  of  1966~ including  many first-
hand accounts and a  review of  the history of the phenomenon.  Supports the 
extraterrestrial thesis and the  "Air Force conspiracy" allegations. 

----- Why  a;~e ~~ey watching us?  by  Allen  L.  Erskine(pseud).  New  York,  Tower 

Publications,  1967.  124 p. 

Concise  review of the UFO  "classics, " with emphasis on the Air  Force  "con-
spiracy" and the extraterrestrial thesis. 

Hall,  Richard H.,  ed.  The UFO evidence.  Washington,  National  Investigations 

Committee on Aerial Phenomena,  1964.  1&4 p. 

Documented report containing  746  UFO sighting cases selected from NICAP 
files and covering NICAP's  investigations from  early 1957 to the end of  1963. 
Sightings are listed and analyzed by observer categories. Historical develop-
ment of  phenomenon and  Congressional attitudes and activity are treated.  Evi-
dence is presented to support hypothesis that UFOs are under intelligent con-
trol and that some of them might therefore be  of  extraterrestrial origin. 

Heard,  Gerald.  The  riddle of  the flying  saucers.  Is another world watching? 

London,  Carroll  &  Nicholson,  1950.  157 p. 

Lists in chronological order the UFO phenomena reported through'lut the  world 
between Midsummer 1947  and early Autumn  1950.  Revised edition with new 
material published in New  York in 1953 by  Bantam  Books with title Is  Another 
World Watching?  The  Riddle  of the  Flying Saucers. 
- - - -

Herrmann,  Joachim.  Das falscheWeltbild;  Astronomie und  Aberglaube.  stuttgart, 

Kosmos Verlag,  Franckh' sche Verlagshandlung,  1962.  162 p.  (Dfo  Orion-
Biicher} 

Fact and fiction  relating to UFO phenomenon are discussed. 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  The  scientific problem posed by  unidentified flying  objects. 

Evanston,  lll.,  The  Author,  1968.  15 p. 

Author  makes the following  recommendations:  (1)  that  a  mechanism be  set up 
whereby the problem posed by the  reports from  all over the  world,  but  expe-
cially in  the  U.S. ,  from people of  high credibility,  can be adequately  stedied, 
using all  methods available to  modern science; and  (2)  that the  U.S.  seek the 
r.ooperation  of the  United Nations in establishing a  means for the  impartial and 
free interchange among  nations of  information about  unidentified flying  objects. 
Statement made at the Symposium on  Unidentified  Flying  Objects,  Committee 
on Science and  Astronautics,  House  of Representatives,  July  29,  1968. 

James,  Trevor.  They  live in  the sky.  Los Angeles,  New  Age Publishing Co., 

1958.  270  p. 

Author  postulates that reevaluation of  the  UFO  phenomenon  is needed: 
"Blanket terms,  such as the 'space people' need to be eliminated,  and 
careful attention  }Xlid  not only  to the invisible animals that fly  in  our 
air,  but to the various orders of  beings who  either visit us or who  have 
their natural habitat in  invisible domains surrounding and interpenetrating 
our own." 

Jessup,  Morris K.  The case for the  UFO,  unidentified flying objects. 

Frank Edwards.  New York,  Citadel  Press,  1955.  239  p. 

Introd.  by 

Author analyzes and correlates many  JXU'anormal  phenomena of  scientific re-
cord and theorizes that objects such as stones,  ice,  water,  colored rain,  or-
ganic  matter,  living organisms,  and  vegatable matter that have fallen  to  earth 
from  the heav£ns come from  intelligently operated extraterrestrial spacecraft 
or are in  some way  formed,  guided,  or influenced by  the operators of such 
SJXlCecraft. 

----- The expanding case for the U1'"'0,  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1957.  253  p. 

In  this  sequel to The Case for the UFO,  the author further develops the theory 
that paranormal phenomena,  when  collat~d and analyzed,  support belief in  the 
existence of  intelligence functioning in  space.  He  suggests that UFOs  may  be 
a  sentient animal life form that originated on  earth aeons ago but which now 
lives naturally in open  space. 

Johnson,  DeW.  B.  Flying saucers,  fact or fiction?  Los Angeles,  1950.  339  p. 

Master of  Arts thesis  in  journalism at UCLA. 

Keyhoe,  Donald  E.  The flying saucer conspiracy.  New York,  Holt,  1955.  315  p. 

Covers  important developments 1953-55  in  UFO  sightings and events.  Reports 
paraphrased from  official USAF  records and cleared through  USAF  Press 
Office,  DOD. 

----- The flying sauce1·s are real.  New York,  Fawcett Publications,  1950.  175  p. 

Author states his conclusions about the UFO  phenomenon:  (1)  the earth has 
been under  periodic observation from  another planet,  or other planets,  for at 
least two centuries;  (2)  this observation suddenly increased in  1947  following 
the series of  A-bomb explosions begun  in  1945;  (3)  the observation,  now  inter-
mittent,  is part of a long-range survey and will continue indefinitely. 

-·--- Flying saucers from  outer space.  New  York,  Holt,  1953.  276  p. 

Reports  USAF  information on  UFOs  leading to alle1?,ed Intelligence admission 
that they  are extraterrestrial and under intelli.gent control. 

----- Flj.ing saucers:  top secret.  New  York,  Putnam,  1960,  283  p. 

Evidence on UFO sightings presented by NIC AP to individual  congressmen and 
committee chairmen in attempt to secure open Congressional  hearings on  sub-
ject.  Details of NICAP's behind-the-scenes battle against USAF censorship. 
Main points are backed by documents available at  NIC AP office ln  Washington. 
D.C. 

Knaggs,  Oliver.  Let the people know.  Cape  Town,  South  Africa,  Howard  Timmins, 

1966.  113 p. 

References to fiying  saucers that  go bac-k  as far as the  14th  century are cited 
to  ''prove" that flying  saucers are not  something of  the present generation. 
Author concludes that there are definite grounds for believing  military authori-
ties are keeping details of UFO activities from the public to avoid possible pan-
ic since there are so many factors they eaMot explain themselves. 

Kraspedon,  Dino.  My  contact with flying  saucers.  Translated from the  Portuguese 

by  J.  B.  Wood.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1959.  205  p. 

Discusses in detailed technical terms the forces that UFOs use to navigate  in 
earth's atmosphere and to travel through space on  interplanetary voyages.  Pre-
sented in question-and-answer form,  information synthesizes series of five al-
leged meetings between author and captain of  an extraterrestrial spacecraft. 

Le  Poer Trench,  Hon.  Brinsley.  The  flying  saucer story.  London,  Neville 

Spearman,  1966.  208 p. 

Author presents evidence to support his belief that  UFOs  are extraterrestrial 
and that they have visited earth for  millenia. 

Leslie,  Desmond and George Adamski.  Flying saucers have landed.  London, 

Werner Laurie,  1953.  232  p. 

Account of alleged contact by Adamski with a  landed extraterrestrial spacecraft 
anda meeting with a  man fronl  Venus  on  Nov  20,  1952,  near Desert<:enter, CW.f. 
Photographs of  spacecraft.  Review  by  Leslie of material from  old manuscripts 
referring to sightings of  unidentified objects nying through the air from  earliest 
times. 

Loftin,  Robert.  Identified flying  saucers.  New  York,  David McKay  Co.,  1968. 

General summary of  the  various aspects of the  UFO  controversy.  Author states 
that although evidence  he  has gathered over a fifteen  year period would tend to 
support the extraterrestrial hypothesis,  it  is still an hypothesis. 

Lore,  Gordon and Harold  H.  Deneault.  Mysteries of  the  skies:  UFOs  in perspec-

tive.  Englewood  Cliffs,  N. J.,  Prentice-Hall,  1968.  237  p. 

Historical aspects of the  UFO phenomenon are presented.  The  ld97  "airship'' 
reports are treated in detail. 

Lorenzer\  Coral E.  The great flying saucer hoax; the UFO facts and their interpre-

tation.  New  York,  William-Frederick Press,  for the  Aerial Phenomena Re-
search Organization of  Tl.:~so.~.- Ariz.,  1962.  257 p. 

Author,  director of Aerial Phenom~na Research Organization,  presents docu-
mented information to support theory that U-.:US  are not only real,  but are ex·· 
traterrestrial and unfriendly and that visit ... Jns follow a pattern indicating 
military reconnaissance and biological and el'ological  Arvey. 

Lorenzen,  Coral and Jim  Lorenzen.  UFOs over the  Americ:as.  New  York,  Signet 

Books,  The New  American  Library,  1968.  254 p. 

Authors report that  1967 brought an unprecedented number of UFO Jandings, 
low-level hovering maneuvers,  and landings with occupants  visible.  They 
suggest that the almost constant u:n> activity from 1965 to the present indicatm 
that close approaches of the planet to Mars to earth is no longeraQDBSaryfator 
there are no longer cyclical  recurrences of UFO activity peaks.  An interpre-
tation of this might be that UFOs are interplanetary in origin and the occupants 
have established bases close enough to earth so that long journeys are no longer 
necessary,  the authors say. 

McDonald,  James E.  Are  UFOs extraterrestrial surveillance craft?  Tucson,  Ariz., 

The  Author,  1968.  4 p. 

Stressing the need for establishment of a  vigorous investigation program d  the 
UFO phenomenon,  the author noted that close-range sightings of  machine-like 
objects of unconventional  nature and unconventional performance characteris-
tics,  seen atlow altitudes,  appeared to be occurring all over the globe,  pos-
sibly with increasing frequency.  Suggestions that such observations can be ex-
plained away  in terms of  meteorologic:al optics or in terms of atmospheric 
plasmo1.s  cannot be  supported with cogent scientific arguments,  he said.  Talk 
given  Mar.  26,  1968~  before the  American Institute of  Aeronautics and Astro-
nautics,  Los Angeles.  Calif. 

----- Science,  technology,  and UFOs.  Tucson,  Ar~zona,  The  Author,  1968.  14 p. 

Noting  that throughout the  entire world only a  small handful  of scientists have 
taken the trouble to attempt direct  checks  on  the  puzzling and recurrent reports 
of  UFO phenomena,  author presents evidence,  based on personal Investigation, 
to support his hypothesis that UFOs  are extraterrestrial probes or vehicles  --
products of  some technology other than our own.  He  al~ ) reviews competitive 
hypotheses.  Speech presented Jan.  26,  1968,  at a  General Semir.ar of the 
United Aircraft Research Laboratories,  East Hartford,  Conn. 

----- Statement on unidentified flying  objects.  Tucson,  Arizona,  The  Author,  l96a 

39  p. 

In his statement,  the  author review• his experiences in interviewing UFO wit-
nesses in the U.S.  and abroad and discusses ways  in which his professional 
experience in the field  of atmospheric physics and  meteorology assisted 
past and present attempts to  account for  UFO phenomena.  Presented at the 
Symposium  on  Unidentified  F1ying  Objects,  Committee  on  Science and Astro-
nautics,  House of Representatives,  July 29,  1968. 

----- :UFOs--an international scientific problem.  Tucson,  Ariz.,  The Author, 

1968.  40 p. 

Summarizing his position,  the author states:  (1)  the  UFO pl'oblem seems to  be 
a  matter of great sclentUic  interest: (2)  machine-like objects--possibly extra-
terrestrial in origln--have been repeatedly seen,  often by observers ct very 
high credibility;  (3) UFO observatior.s are being made on a  global  scale indicat-
ing an international scientUic problem;  (4)  there has never been a thorough sci-
entific investigation of UFOs;  (5)  there is no convincing evidence of U.S.  -::ovH-
up conspiracy ~rating to conceal true nature  of UFO problem;  (6)  Condon 
Committee's lack of scientific vigor in ::onducting USAF-sponsored UFO study 
is disappointing;  (7)  UFO study programs by scientific groups are needed through-
out  the world to systematically appraise conceivable hypotheses to account for 
UFO phenomena.  Speech given  Mar.  12,  1968,  at the Canadian Aeronautics 
and Space Institute Astronautics Symposium,  Montreal,  Canada. 

Maney,  Charles A.  and Richard Hall.  The challenge  of unidentified flying objects. 

Washington,  'lb~ Authors,  1961,  208 p. 

Book is a series of separate articles by authors in which each presents his own 
v.ersion and interpretation of UFO phenomena. 

Michel,  Aime.  The truth about flying saucers.  New  York,  Criterion Books,  1.956. 

255 p. 

Author presents and comments on  UFO sightings reported throughout the world 
from 1947.  Sources include:  Project Saucer  records; communiques or re-
cords of the air forces in U.S. A.,  U. K.,  Canada,  South  Africa,  France,  and 
Sweden; USAF's  Air Technical Intelligence Center;  National Meteorological 
Office  (France and the  French Union);  French and foreign technicll periodicals; 
personal inquiries; and information ln the files  d.  NICAP.  Summarizes current 
theories and expla'lations of UFO phenomena.  Translation of  Lueurs su:- les 
soucoupes volantes.  Publi5hed also in paperback edition by  Pyramid  Pubns. 
(T1647),  New  York. 

Miller,  Robert w.  and Rick R.  Hilberg.  The  saucer enigma.  Cleveland,  Ohio, 

UFO Magazine Publications,  1968.  23 p. 

In  "A Brief History of the Saucers," UFO sightings  1619-1897 are listed; a 
general summary of the  UFO controversy follows. 

Moseley,  James W.,  ed.  Jim Moseley's book of saucer news.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va., 

Saucerian Books,  1967.  118p. 

Selected articles from  back issues of Saucer News:  Why  are They Here?, 
Justin Case;  Florida's Coral Castle,  James W.  Moseley;  The  Antiquity of 
Civilized Man,  M. K.  Jessup;  Message  From Mars Sent to  Earth Fifty Years 
~, news  item;  The Case of the Crashed UFO,  Bob  Barry;  Nexus Staff 
Demonstrates Reality of ESP,  Nexus Staff; UFO Spotter Taken to Washington 
(The  Olden Moore Story),  by  C. W.  Fitch;  California Newsboy  Attacked by 
Saucer,  news  item;  The  Legends of Mt.  Shasta,  Richard Cohen;  Scully Breaks 
a  Long Silence,  Frank Scully;  Connecticut Teacher Reports Saucer with  Three 
Little Men Inside,  news  item;  Humanoids  and  the Mars Saucer Cycle,  Lonzo 
Dove;  Figure of Christ on Wall,  news  item;  A Reporter's Report,  Ivan 

Sanderson; The  Death of Captal! Mantell,  Kenneth H.  Ford;  Are Spacemen 
Living  Among Us?,  unschedulet.I newsletter; Glass Pitting at Saucer News He.id-
quarters,  news item;  The Air Force Position on  F1Jing Saucers,  Maj.  Lawrence 
J.  Tacker,  USAF;  The Red  Plague,  news  item; The UFO ColoaBook, 
Patricia A.  Jones;  Flying Saucers and the United Nations,  Micbae G.  Mann; 
Outoianding Sightings from the?  year 1881;  The Electromagnetic Effe-:ts of Fly-
~~. John J.  Robinson;  Twenty Minutes of  Terror,  Jeanne Stevens; 
Do  Flying Saucers Come  From Mars?, Justin Case; The  Mysterious Fate ~ 
Clipper 944,  Max  B.  Miller;  Mystic Barber's "Doomsday Demonstration, 11 
photo newsstory;  Flying Saucer Research on Trial,  Thomas M.  Comella; Astro-
~ut Photographs UFO,  news item; Detailed Sighting from  Pennsylvllllfa,  news 
item; Who  is Fooling Donald Keyhoe?,  Michael G.  Mann;  \\'elrd Sighting in 
Orego!lr  news  item; Howard Menger,  the New  Adamski,  James w.  Moseley; 
How  to Build A Saucer,  Y. N.  lbn  Aharon;  An Open Letter to Saucer Research-
ers,  Dr.  Leon Davidson;  (b:>en  Letter of Reply to Dr.  Leon David.son,  Brinsley 
le  Poer Trench; Dr.  Leon Davidson and the Secret Weapon 'Ibeoa, Richard 
Hall;  Three Men in Black--the .Al  Bender Story,  James w.  Moseley;  Sauc~r 
with HieroglyPhics  Found in E~ news  item. 

National  Investigations Committee on  Aerial  Phenomena.  [ NICAP Headquarters 
UFO Newspaper Clipping  File,  1947-1966].  Washington,  D.C.,  1967.  37 v. 
(looseleaf)  35  mm. 

Material constituted the newspaper clippings file of Civilian Saucer Intelligence 
(CSI),  New  York,  now  defunct.  Microfilm made by the Science and Technology 
Division,  Library  of Congress,  1967. 

Nebel,  Long John.  The flying  saucer story.  New  York,  American Music Library, 

1966.  Matrix no.  AML-201.  2s.  12  in.  33  1/3 rpm microgroove. 
Interviews by  the author  of individuals involved in uro controversy. 

The  new  report on flying  saucers.  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fawcett  Publications,  Inc., 

1967.  80 p. 

Contains UFO  sighting reports and photographs;  interviews with  Project Blue 
Book  Chief Maj.  Hector Quintanilla and  broadcaster Long Jobn Nebel;  and 
statements by Wernher von  Bra\m,  Dr.  J.  Allen Hynek,  John  .t\lller,  and--
!ViaJ.  Geort;e  W.  Oi:,les. 

Olsen,  Thomas M.  The  reference for outstandi:tg UFO  sighting reports.  Rider-
wood,  Md.,  UFO Information Retrieval  Center,  Inc.,  1967.  1 v.  (various 
pagings)  (UFORIC  - 6661) 

Collection of  160  outstanding UFO reports as originally published.  A numerical 
value of  reliabiWy is formulated for  each case:  the  reports are presented in 
chronological  order and  cross-indexed by date,  geographical location,  and 
source. 

Pereira,  Flavia A.  0  livro vermelho dos  discos voadores.  Sao  Paulo,  Edicoes 

Florenca Ltda.,  1967,  486 p. 

Handhook containing summary tables of information on all aspects of the UFO 
phenomenon worldwide:  sightings,  occupants,  electromagnetic efiects,  radar 
detection,  professions of witnesses,  physiological effects,  geographical dis-
tribution,  and statements by prominent individuals. 

Rehn,  K.  GOsta.  De fiygande tefaten;  dokument  och teori.  Gnteborg,  Zindermann; 

Stockholm,  Sfflig,  1966.  174 p. 

State-of-the-art survey on fact and theClry  about the UFO phenomenon. 

Ribe~ Antonio.  El gran enigma de los platillos volantes.  Santiago de Chile, 

Buenos Aires,  Mexico,  Barcelona,  Editorial Pomaire,  1966.  431  p. 

Author summarizes worldwide reports of wiexplained aerial phenomena (1800s-
1960s) with emphasis on U.S.  accounts and on  the 1954 wave of UFO sightings 
in Franc~.  CUi:rent theories on the possibilUy d.  life In other worlds ar.e  dis-
cussed.  Hypotheses attempting to explain the UFO phenomenon are suueyed. 

Ruopelt,  Edward J.  The report on uaidentifled fiylng  objects.  Garden City,  New 

York,  1956.  315 p. 

Author,  a.  former chief of USAF's  Project mue Book,  writes a factual  account 
of Air Force investigation of UFO sighting reportt1 and discus.Jes all  aspects 
of the UFO controversy.  Published also in papel'back edition by  Ace  Books 
(G537),  Sew York. 

Sanderson,  Ivan  T.  Uninvited  visitors.  New  York,  Cowles Education Corp.,  1967. 

Author,  a  biologist,  speculates on the nature ol the UFO phenomenon.  Chapter 
headings:  What Could UFOs Be?;  Things In the Sky;  A Thing on the Ground; 
The Shape and Substance of UFOs and UAOs;  What  Do  Th~y Do?;  Could UJo'Os 
or UAOs  Be Alive?; other Strange Things  Come Down  From the Sky;  0-11r  Un-
invited Visitors;  And More Uninvited Visitors!; Where Do  They Come  From? 
How?; When Did They Start Coming and Why?;  A Concept ol Cosmic  Evolution. 

Scully,  Frank.  Behind the flying  saucers.  New  York,  Henry Holt,  1950.  230  p. 

Presents inforn. ation to support position that UFOs  are real and that official 
disclaimers of their existence by DOD  are calculated to deceive the public. 

Sim~t;, Auriphebo Berrance.  Os  discos voadorf;!s;  fantasia e  realidade.  S?ro Paul" 

Edart Livraria Editora Ltda.,  1959.  390 p. 

Survey of world literature on UFO phenomena with emphasis on contactee 
claims.  Current theories on possibility of life on other planets are evaluated. 

Stanford,  Rex  G.  Brev fran  Rex  Stanford.  S!ikaren,  v.  5,  no.  3,  1968:  16. 

Author's response to questions submitted to him by the editor,  Sven Magnusson. 
He  states his belief that flying  saucers come from and are controlled by beings 
from  outer space.  The author's book,  Look Up,  was translated into Swedish 
with tiUe Kontakt;medRymdminniskor(Halsingborg,  Parthenon,  1959).  Also 
discussed is Project Starlight International,  organized by his brother,  Ray 
Stanford,  Corpus Christi,  Tex.,  to collect physical proof of the existence of 
UFOs. 

Soule,  Gardner.  UFOs  & IFOs:  a factual  report on flying  saucers.  New  York, 

G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1967.  189 p. 

Surveys UFO sighting reports and discusses current explanatory hypotheses. 
Includes a chapter on  'What to Do  If You See a UFO. " 

Sprinkle,  R.  Leo.  Personal and sci1mtific  attitudes:  a  survey of persons interested 

in UFO reports.  Laramie,  Wyoming,  The  Author,  1968.  11  p. 

A questionaire survey was conducted among three groups:  26  Ph. D faculty and 
graduate students in a university Psychology Department;  59 graduate students 
enrolled in an NDEA Guidance  Institute;  and  259 members of the  National  In-
vestigations Committee on  Aerial  Phenomena (NICAP). 
It was hypothesized 
that there would be no  differences between the scores of the three groups on 
the  Personal Attitude Survey (Form D,  Dogmatism Scale,  Rokeach,  1960) and 
the Scientific  Attitude Survey (Sprinkle,  1962).  Results showed significant 
differences  (P < . 001)  between the three groups with  respect to their mean 
scores on both inventories,  with the  NICAP  group scoring higher on both  "dog-
matic" and "scientific" inventories,  followed by the  guidance group and the 
psychology group,  respectively.  Investigation was  supported by  Grants-in-
Aid Committee,  Society for the  Psychological Study of Social  Issues (a division 
of the American  Psychological  Association). 

Stanton,  L.  Jerome.  Flying saucers:  hoax  or reality?  New  York,  Belmont Books, 

1966.  157 p. 

Attempts to answer certain questions relating to the UFO problem:  (1)  what  is 
happening,  how  did it begin,  what do we  know  up  to the moment?;  (2)  are we 
be~ studied by non-earthly visitors,  or are all UFOs  natural phenomena we 
don  t uncterstand?;  (3)  is there really a conspiracy to conceal the  truth from 
the public,  and if so,  who  is responsible,  and what  is the  motive for the con-
cealment?;  (4)  what  reasons are there for  thinking intelligent life  may  exist 
elsewhere in our solar system,  or in other similar systems nearby in  our 
galaxy?;  (5)  if other intelligent life does exist,  what are the chances of their 
contacting us,  or vice versa?;  (6)  will  a  real  scientifil: attack on  the UFOprob-
lem provide us with a definite solution? 

Stanway,  R.  H.  and A.  R.  Pace.  Flying  saucers.  Stoke-on-Trent,  Eng.,  New-

chapel Observatory,  1968.  85 p. 

Steiger,  Brad.  Strangers from the skies.  New  York,  Award  Books,  1966.  158 p. 

Author  cites cases (1897  to date)  on  a worldwide  scale involving  sightings  of 
flying  saucers and their crews by humans. 

Stranges,  Frank E.  Flying saucerama.  New  York,  Vantage  Press,  1959.  115 p. 

Catalogue <1  worldwide UFO sightings to suprort thesis that proolem demands 
international investigation and worldwide  intl'rest. 

stringfield,  Leonard H.  Inside saucer post ..• 3-0 blue.  Cincinnati,  Civilian Re-

search,  Interplanetary Flying Objects,  1957.  94 p. 

"Inside story" of CRIFO (Civilian Researcb,  lnte11>lanetary  F1ying  Obj~ds) 
operations from September 1955 when the Air Defelil:e Command designated 
the author's home a  ''UFO reporting post," and CRIFO was lmown  internation-
ally as a  "civilian cl~aringhouse for saucer information. "  Author concludes 
that UFOs are interplanetary vehicles and that the world governments with 
technlci!l know-how  also believe this to be the answer. 

Tacker,  Lawrence J.  Flying saucers and the  U.S.  Air Force.  Princeton,  N. J., 

Van  Nostrand,  1960.  164 l>· 

Author,  a former USAF public  information officer on UF"Os,  discusses UFC· 
sightings  reported to  Aerospa:~e Technical  Intelligence Center (Project Blue 
Book),  Wright  Patterson Air Force Base,  from Summer 1947 through Summer 
lfl60 in attempt to demonstrate that,  in general,  they were misinterpretations 
ol' known objects.  He  also gives history of USAF's  research effort into UFO 
phenomena,  including Project Saucer and  P:.·oJe~~ Grudge. 

1be True report on fiying saucers.  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fawcett  Publications,  1967. 

96 p. 

Reprint of articles on UFO controversy for True by Donald E.  Keyhoe,  John A. 
Keel,  Edward Ruppelt,  William B.  Nash and William H.  Fortenberry,  and 
Lloyd Malian. 

Twitchell,  Cleve.  The  UFO saga.  Lakemont,  Ga.,  CSA  Press,  1966.  94 p. 

Summary of  experiences of  individuals who claim to have  seen UFOs,  or rid-
den in them,  or communicated with  their crews. 

Tyler,  Steven.  Are the invaders coming?  New  York,  Tower  Publications,  1968. 

139 p. 

Survey  of basic  UFO literature such as Edward R:ippelt's writings,  and  extracts 
from the  publications of NICAP and  APRO.  Supports the  "Air Force conspir-
acy'' hypothesis. 

UFO:  fiying  saucers.  Poughkeepsie,  N. Y.,  Western Publishing Co.,  1968.  64  p. 

Comic  book.  Accounts  of UFOs  in ancient history,  UFO  kidnapph:~s.  and 
"classic" sightings and landing cases,  including  those where  occupants were 
allegedly seen. 

Unidentilied Flying Objects Research Committee.  Report on unidenUfied objects 

observed Feb.  24,  1959,  by American aud United Airlines pilots.  Akron, 
Obit',  1960.  22 p. 

Report includes statements  reporting simultaneous  U .tu sightings  by 
ground obs'";rvers. 

United Press International.  Flying saucers; a Look special by the editors of United 
Press International and Cowletl Communications,  Inc.  [New  York,  1967] 65 p. 

state-of-the-art review of tile flying  saucer controversy.  Chapter heacUngs 
are:  Scientific fact?  Or science fiction?;  1be Man Who  started it All  ~Kenneth 
Arnold);  First Man  Killed in a Saucer Incident (Capt.  Thomas Mantell!;  Mys-
tery of the  Lubbock  Lights;  1be Day the Saucers Visited Washington,  D.C.; 
Olha o disco!  (U1'"0  Photographed off Trinidade by Brazilian ship on IGY  mis-
sion);  Lonnie  Zamora's Big White Egg,  1be Thing at Exeter; It Looked Like a 
Football  Field!  (200-ft.-wide UFO  seen by Texas Police Officers); Case of 
the Crashing Russian Satellite;  Four Nights of UFOs Rock Michigan;  Now  do 
you  believe me?  (UFO Photographs); Saucer Jokes and UFO Hoaxes;  Man-ma.de 
Flying s .. ~·~ers; Believers,  unite!;  Have  no fear,  we  mean you no harm (Con-
tactee stodes); What  do the psychologiE\S think?;  What are we  doing about 
UFOs?;  What to do If you  see a UFO.  Publist.ed also in paperback edition 
(New  York,  Cowles  Education Corporation,  1968,  157 p. ). 

U.S.  Congress.  House.  Committee on  Armed Services.  Unidentified flying ob-

jects.  [Washington,  U.S.  Govt.  Print.  Off.,  1966]  84 p.  (89th Cong.,  2d  sess. 
House.  Report no.  55) 

Information concerning U.S.  Air  Force activities in the area of reported un-
identified flying  objects. 

Uriond6,  Oscar A.  Objetos aereos no  identificados:  un enigma actual.  B'.ienos 

Aires,. The  Author,  1965.  155 p. 

State-of-the-art  report on theories and  research relating to the UFO phenome-
non.  Author concludes that at pres~nt it is impossible to either prove or dis-
prove the reality of flying  saucers.  He urges international cooperation in a 
program to resolve the problem. 

~ 

Vallee,  Jacques.  Anatomy  of  a phenomenon:  unidentified objects in space--a scientific

  appraisal.  Chicago,  H.  Regnery Co.,  1965.  210 p. 

Analyzes and  collates  selected UFO  sighting reports to support proposition 
that the phenomenon  can be  studied with the greatest degree of scientific ac-
curacy only in terms of classes--not as a  collection of  individual  oddities. 
Summarizes current theories on UFO phenomenon. 

Valle~  Jacques and  Janine  Vallee.  Challenge to science: the UFO enigma.  Chicago, 

H.  Regnery Co.,  1966.  268 p. 

Scienti!ic study of UFO sightings  re11orted throughout world from  1951.  Book 
empt.asizes  global  nature of phenomenon,  showing how  European sightings 
illuminate observations in U. S.  and other parts of the world.  Sightings in 
France are ·treated in detail and the methods deveJuped for studying them are 
suggested as applicable to· the phenomenon as a  whole.  Published also in 
paperback edition by Ace Books  (H28),  New  York. 

Vallee,  Jacques and Janine V~e.  Les phenomenes insolites de l 'espace; le dos-

sier des mysterieux objets celestes  Paris,  La Table Rond,  1966.  321  p. 

Part I (Chapters 3-5) is devcted to a  discussion of whether the location of 
sightings follows a precise law;  Part Il (Chapter·s  7-10) discusses variations in 
the frequency of sighting reports and their possible correlation with known phe-
nomena;  Part m (Chapters 11-13) is an attempt tu establish as accurate clas-
sification categories as possible for different lyfit:s of sighting reports and 
descriptions or-physical characteristics of obj  ds f!ighted. 

Vogt,  Cristian.  El  misterio  de los platos voladores.  Buenos Aires,  Editorial 

"La Mandragora"  [1956]  190 p. 

Contains general discussion of UFO phenomenon and summaries of explanatory 
hypotheses relating to it.  Activities of governmental and private research pro-
jects and contactee claims are also reported. 

Weor,  Samael.  Los platillos voladores.  San Salvador,  The  Author,  1966.  28 p. 

Overview  of the UFO controversy with  emphasis on thie  plausibility of the  e..11:-
traterrestrial hypothesis. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  Flying saucers uncensored.  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1955. 

255 p. 

Author caWogues UFO sightings and incidents over U.S.,  Western Europe, 
U.S.,  and Australia from  1947 through 1955  and speculates that extraterres-
trial visitants are possibly established in bases on moon  and other planets; a 
cosmic general staff may receive reports on terrestrial affairs as well  as bio-
logical and ecological samples from  earth for purposes of study and experi-
mentation.  Published also in British edition (London,  Arco,  1956),  and in 
paperback edition by Pyramid Pubns.,  Inc.  (Tl651),  New  York. 

Williamson,  George Hunt  and John  McCoy.  UFOs confidential! ; the  meaning behind 

the  most closely guarded secret of  all  time.  Corpus  Christi,  Tex.,  Essene 
Press,  1958.  100 p. 

Zeirabi,  J.  El  misterio de los discos voladores.  Santiago de  Chile,  The  Author, 

1953.  77 p. 

Account of  author's alleged contact with landed flying  saucer and its Martian 
crew and trip to Mars aboard spacecraft.  He  describes in detail physical fea-
tures of Mars,  its science,  culture,  and political  institutions.  Experience 
reportedly took place in September  1952. 

====================================================================
Periodical Articles 


"Apparaissaient des soucoupes vol antes. "  France illustration,  v.  8,  Oct.  4,  1952: 

363-372. 

BarkP-r,  Gray  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers froLl  other worlds. 

June  1957:  28-38. 

General summary of activities of UFO  researc'· groups and  r~ports <A.  UFO 
sightings. 

----- Chasing the flying saucers.  Flying s .. ucers from  other worlds,  Aug.  1957: 

29-40. 

General summary of reported UFO sightings during March  1966  and activities 
of UFO  res1?archers. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  1958:  20-35. 

General report of activities of UFO  researchers.  Mentions  messages from  ex-
traterrestrial beings allegedly received by John Otto of Chicago,  beginning 
November 28,  1954. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Dec.  1958:  43-56. 

Summary of UFO  sightings and activities of UFO researchers during summer 
1958. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Feb.  1959:  24-34. 

Report on high i;1c i~ence of UFO sightings in 1958. 

Benard,  Paul  C.  Who  believes  in flying  saucers?  Bluebook,  v,  101,  July 1955:  2~ 

110-113. 

Results of  author's inquiry into 123  UFO sightings  reported during  1952-1955 
near  Blythe  and Desert Center,  Calif. 

Binder,  Otto O. 

54-62. 

''Oddball" saucers that fit  no pattern.  Fate,  v.  21,  Feb.  1968: 

Report of  rarities in UFO sightings. 

Bowman,  Norman J.  The  need for  critical analysis of flying  disc  reports.  Journal 

of  spaceflight,  v.  5,  Nov.  1953:  11. 

UFO data that haw been gathered by Government and civilian research groups 
should be  analyzed statistically to indicate what  is probably unreliable,  deter-
mine averages,  etc.,  the author suggests.  He  feels that this is the only way 
the UFO problem can be approached to yield conclusions of significance. 

Bowman,  Norman J.  A scientific analysis of the flying disk reports.  The rocket 

news letter,  v.  3,  June  1950:  2-7. 

Reprint of  a!l address given before the Chicago Assn.  of News  Broadcasters on 
Apr.  16,  1950.  Author  states belief that fiying disks are real.  If best authen-
ticated reports are correct,  performance characteristics are beyond current 
earth aircraft techn.:>logy  and one  must conclude they are of extraterrestrial 
origin.  But if reports have been exaggerated,  disks may be a new  type of U. S. 
aircraft.  Instrument observations of disks would settle question. 

BUFORA rl!search officer's annual  report  - 27th  Nov.  1965.  BUFORA  journal and 

bulletin, .v.  1,  ,Spring 1966:  9-12. 

Survey and summary of  1,200 reports of UFO  sightings in the United Kingdom; 
summary of  20 worldwide UFO landing reports. 

Caputo,  Livio.  Anche  gli astronauti hanno visto i dischi volanti.  Epoca,  v.  LXIV, 

Aug.  28,  1966:  16-23. 

Report on  UFO  sightings,  chiefly in the U.S.,  from  18t>7  to date and on  investi-
gation of phenomenon by  Pi'oject Blue Book.  Research programs of  NICAP 
and  APRO are mentioned. 

----- Rapporto sui dischi volanti-2:  stanno per invaderci?  Epoca,  v.  LXIV,  Sept. 

4,  1966:  32-37. 

Report of UFO  sightings,  chiefly in the U.S.,  during  1965-1966.  Summary of 
various theories explaining UFO phenomenon. 

Cheeriothere,  earthlings!  America,  v.113,  Aug.  21,  1965:  177. 

Commentary on  increase in reported UFO sightings during August  1965. 

Clark,  Jerome.  The roots of  skepticism.  Flying saucers,  Apr.  1968:  19-21. 

Historical  and  modern reasons for widespread disbelief in  the reality of UFOs 
are discussed. 

Cohen,  Daniel.  The  return of flying  saucers.  The nation,  v.  201,  Sept.  13,  1965: 

212-124. 

Overall  survey of UFO events in  the U.S.  from  1947  and of  the personalities 
and organizations involved. 

ComeHa,  Thomas  M.  Why  the  real saucer is interplanetary,  Fate,  v.  8,  Dec. 

1955:  17-23. 

Postulating that the  maneuvers and speeds of the  "saucers" reported by reliable 
witnesses are proof that thef operate  ''by some totally revolutionary process 
which outdates  rocket and  jet propulsion;• the author reviews  "evidence" in sup-
port of the extraterrestrial-origin hypothesis. 

Confusion in the  sky.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  24-29. 

Article asserts that contradictory statements of  the  "experts" are responsible 
for  confusion in the public's mind about the UFO phenomenon. 

Cort,  David.  Saucery and flying  saucers.  The nation,  v.  189,  Nov.  7,  1959:  331-

332,  340. 

Compares pract~ce of  alchemy with belief in flying  saucers,  postulating that 
both are based on  ''the event for which  there are no data. " 

Crum,  Norman J.  Flying  saucers and book  selection.  Library journal,  v.  79, 

Oct.  1,  1954:  1719-1722. 

Survey of library experiences and policies in adding  fJ.y!ng  saucer books to 
the  .!ollections. 

Current comment:  What  goesonup there?  America,  v.  87,  Aug.  23,  1952:  489. 

Article states  reported USAF position on  flying  sauce:·s:  they  are not  space-
craft from  distant planets; they are not  secret enemy weapons. 

L<t.genis,  Arleigh  J.  Do you  believe in flying  saucers?  Michigan technic,  Jan. 

1960:  16-17,  50-51. 

Author  summarizes details of June  1947  sighting by J<:enneth  Arnold  of flying 
disc-shaped objects;  the  January 1958  crash of  Cai. t.  \r1antell  while chasing a 
UFO;  and the  June  1952  appearance of  mysterious  object':l  over the White House 
a11d  Capitol.  He  reviews the  various explanatory theories. 

Daniel-Rops.  Une  enigme  sous nosycm:.  France illustration,  v. 7,  May  5,  1951: 

490. 

Day,  Langston.  Flying saucers:  fact  or fiction?  Chambers's  journal,  Nov.  1950: 

688-670. 

Edwards,  Frank.  An  a&tronomer  reports on  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  12,  Mar.  1959:  34-

41. 

Astronomer  Frank Halst0ad,  former curator of  Darling Observatory,  Univer-
sity of  Minnesota,  states his  belief that  UFOs  are extraterrestrial spacecraft 
and describes  circumstances under  which  he personally  made  a  sighting. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Are our satellites bunting the saucers?  Fate,  v.  16,  May  1963: 

29-35. 

Within the 24-month period following  1947-1948 appearance c1  UFOs in the re-
gion ol the South Pole,  Argentina,  Chile,  Australia,  France~ Great Britain, 
the Ul!ited states,  SWeden,  and the Soviet Union sent expeditions to the A'ltarc-
tic.  Tangible developments were (1)  motion and still pictures of disc-shaped 
objects that circled ships under Chilean commander Orrego; and  (2)  realiution 
that objects presumably entered earth's atmosphere at polar regions for area-
son.  On  March 2, 1958,  telemetry from Explorer satellites confirmed existence 
m zone of intense radiation - Van  Allen belt  - encircling earth about  600  miles 
out from equator.  There 1s no such belt above either of the polar regions. 

----- Frank Edwards' report:  authorities who believe in fiying  saucers.  Fate, 

v.  14,  Jan.  1961:  29-35. 

Astronomers said to 
jects are Sr.  Jose Bonilla,  director of observatory at Zacatecas,  Mexico; 
Dr.  H.  Percy Wilkins;  Dr.  James Bartl~tt,  Jr.;  .Frank Halstead,  curator of 
the University of Minnesota observatory; and Clyde Tombaugh. 

have seen and/or photographed unidentified flying  ob-

----- Frank Edwards' report:  an open forum  on UFOs.  Fate,  v.  11,  Aug.  1958: 

75-81. 

Author llDts  and gives answers to questions which he thinks indicate what  the 
a-.rerage person wants to know about UFOs:  (1)  What  are flying saucers?  (2) 
Have they landed?  (3) What do they want?  (4) Where do they come from?  (5) 
Why  don't they contact us?  (6) Why does the Air Force persist in ridiculing 
those who  report unidentified flying  objects? 

----- Frank Edwards'  report:  s:i.ence heads for outer space.  Fate,  v.  11,  Jan. 

1958:  33-40. 

Discussion of the influence that the UFO phenomenon has had on the direction 
of scientific research. 

----- Frank Edwards' report:  scientists and satellites.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958: 

69-76. 

Author says that the scientific community which,  in  1957,  ''derided,  denounced 
a.'ld dismissed" the possibility of a  Soviet-launched earth satellite,  is probably 
just as misguided  cu:rrently in negative attitude regarding the reality of fiying 
saucers. 

------ Frank Edwards'  report:  ten years of UFOs.  Fate,  v.  10,  Oct.  1957:  65-

69. 

Summarizes government research into the attitudes of the public  concerning 
UFO phenomena during 1947-1957. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  why  shoot the  moon?  Fate,  v.  11,  May 

1958:  41-47. 

Cites evidence of wmsual UFO activity near both poiar regions,  with numerous 
reports of UFOs  moving north and south at considerable altitude,  presumably 
in transit from  one pole to the other.  Suggests that "unknowns" may have es-
tablished a base on the moon. 

----- The plot to silence me. 

I<'ate,  v.  10,  June 1957:  17-23. 

Author claims that in August  1954 he was fired from his job as news commen-
tator for the Mutual  Broadcasting System because the president of the sponsor-
ing organization (AFL)  said he "talked too much about flying  saucers. "  He 
says he was later offered a well-paid job by the  Pentagm• to silence him.'' 

----- To see or not  to see flying saucers.  Fate,  v.  10,  Ma)  1957:  17-32. 

Instance of near-collisions between idrcraft and UFOs (1954-1955)  are noted. 
other sightings by credible observers are J"eported.  Author  ~"Um;~sts that 
rather than insist that the objects do not exist,  the  Air  Force should keep the 
public informed of findings  in investigations underway.  Excerpted from au-
thor's book,  My  First 10,000,000 Sponsors (New  York,  Ballantine  Books,  1956). 

Everson,  Vincent.  The fowls tha.t fly  in mid-heaven.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958:  62-

68. 

Author describes mysterious objects apparently fluttering near tile  sun and the 
telescopic  rig he  developed to watch them. 

Fawcett,  George D.  Current UFO status.  Flying saucers,  June  1968:  18-Hl. 

During  1967,  93 UFO landings,  81  UFO car chases,  62  UFO photographs,  36 
UFO plane encounters,  30  UFO occupant  reports,  11  radar trackings of  UFOs, 
and 9 ,Power failures  related to UFO appearances were reported worldwide. 

----- Flying saucers:  exploslve situation for 1968.  Flying saucers,  Apr.  1968: 

22-25. 

Study  of  1S67  reports of UFO  incidents from 40  Rtates and 20 foreign countries. 
Included are 75  landings,  56 photographs,  52  car chases,  30 pilot pursuits,  14 
"occupant" reports,  11  radar trackings,and 7 UFO-related power failures. 
Many  of these incidents occured in North  Carolina,  P~nnsylvania,  New  England, 
Florida,  California,  Ohio,  England,  Canada,  Argentina,  Australia,  Peru,  and 
Mexico. 

----- 1966--the year of  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1967:  6-11. 

Postulating that the subject of flying  saucers "has finally taken on  respectabil-
ity," author lists significant  'breakthroughs" and  analyzes  major occurrences 
during 1966. 

Fawcett,  George D.  UFO  repet~tions.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1966:  28. 

IJsts aspects of UFO sightings that are repeatedl; reported. 

Flick,  Dav~d.  Tripe for the public.  Library  jcurnal,  v.  80,  Feb.  1:  1955:  :ro2, 

204. 

Commenting on the  "thought processes and the strange logic" employed by li-
brarians responsible for book  selection,  thE'  author says that no amowit cf 
rationalizing about  "future historical importance;• "balanc~d collections,''  and 
"public demand"  can justify their expenditure of tax dollars for books about 
Dying saucers "whose purpose seems to satisfy a  jaded taste for the bizarre 
and the sensatiorud. " 

Flying  saucers.  Journal of  the British Interplanetary Society,  v.  11,  Sept.  1952: 

224·2213. 

Conclusions in April  7,  1952,  Life  magazine feature on  the  UFO phenomenon 
tending to support the reality of flying  saucers are summarized.  British 
Interplanetary Society states its position of remaining unconvinced that earth 
is already in contact with extraterrestrial forces and gives  the  reasons. 

Flying  saucers.  Public  opinion quarterly,  v.  14,  Fall  1950:  597-598. 

Results  of poll  in which  question was asked:  What  do you  think flying  sauce.:-s 
are?  Asked of 94% of a  national  sample who  had heard or read of  UFOs.  23% 
believed they were Army  or Navy  experiments or new  weapons;  16% thought 
them to be an  optical illusion or hoax;  5% said they were comets,  shooting 
stars,  or something from another planet. 

Fontes,  Olavo  T.  Project Argus  and the "anonymous'' satellite.  Flying  saucers, 

Oct.  1959:  8-12. 

Author  suggests that the  mission of nuclear missile launching  Project Argus 
may  have  been to destroy an unidentified satellite that circled the  earth from 
Aug.  16,  1959,  until  Argus' warheads were exploded in space Aug.  27,  Aug.  30, 
and Sept.  6.  Satelllte may have  been associated with  UFOs,  author  speculates. 

----- A suggested scientific  investigation of the  UFO phenomenon.  Flying  saucer 

review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  1967:  22-24. 

In  setting up  a  scientific  investigation into the UFO phenomenon,  it is suggested 
thatthe following steps be taken:  (1) cancellation of  unnecessary security restric-
tions;  (2)  a  systematic rather than haphazard search for UFO  appearances; 
(3)  use of the  most effective detection methods available;  (4)  determination of 
the best locations to set up  detection instruments;  (5)  use of  a  convergent pro-
cedure to alert given areas of  a possible UFO  sighting;  (6)  distribution of  avail-
able  equipment and trained observers in reasonable proportions in different 
areas (7)  consideration of  effect the search procedure might have  on  the  search-
ed object. 

Fouere,  Rene.  M;tf'Ors a hublots.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Feb.  1965:  7-9. 

Mett'ors  and atmospheric phenomena have often been mistaken for fiyjng  sau-
cers.  Plasmas re.tembl~ flying saucers have been synthesized in the labora-
tory.  However,  none of these phenomena have features  that even remotely re-
semble the "portholes'' described bl many alleged sightings.  Presence of port-
holes would then preclude a  meteoric or other "natural'' explanation for a UFO 
sighting. 

----- Observations d' un  astron:>me argentin.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  June 1966: 

3-11. 

; 

~ 

On Nov.  14,  U'64,  the Reverend Father &iaito Reyna of the Society c4.  Jesus, 
saw and photographed a  "flotilla'' of flying  saucers from the Adhara Observa-
tory,  San  Miguel,  Buenos  Aires,  Argentina.  Incident is reported in detail 
and newspaper accounts quoted. 

----- Sommes-nous a un  tournant?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1966:  6-12. 

Author postulates th .. ,.t  UFO  research seems to have reached a  crucial turning 
point and cites as indications of this the fact that (1) USAF has begun to make 
its  Project  Blue  Book files  more accessible to researchers,  and  (2)  establish-
ment of the  Condon  ,roject at the University of Colorado to study UFO 
phenomena. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  The  saucers are flying.  Fate,  v.  8,  Aug.  1955:  6-16. 

Postulates five possible explanations of flying  saucers:  (1)  they are space ships 
piloted by  intelligent beings from  somewhere else in the universe;  (2)  they are 
space animals which  live in space;  (3) they are natural phenomena such as ag-
gregations of  electrons,  or some other kind  of energy which we  di  ot understand
;  (4)  they originate on  earth and are man-made;  (5)  they a1 

Jucinatfons .. 

Fuller,  Jean.  The  Exeter incidents.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967: 

25-27. 

Summary of  the  21  UFO  sighting cases described in detail  by  John  Fuller in his 
book,  Incident at  Exeter. 

Fulh!r,  John G.  A communication concerning the UFOs.  Saturday  review,  v.  50, 

Feb.  4,  1967:  70-72. 

In  SR's scl.ence  sections for  August  6,  September  3,  and October  1,  John  Lear, 
SR's  science editor,  discussed various aspects of the UFO controversy.  Among 
several books from  which he  took excerpts was  John  Fuller's  Incident at Exeter. 
Fuller takes exception to  Lear's articles and  defends his  own position. 
---

Gearhart,  Livingston.  Bombed by  meteors.  Fate,  v.  18,  Mar.  1965:  80-82. 

On  November  5,  1906,  ::;S  St.  Andrew was  caught in an apparent  meteor shower; 
fall  included a  sauc~r-shaped meteor 10-15 feet  in  diameter. 

Gibbs-Smith,  Charles H.  Flying saucers.  The queen,  v.  202,  Nov.  17,  1954:  64. 

A discussion by the well-known aeronautical  his~orian of  the UFO phenomenon. 
He  states that one can rule out UFOs as being foreign aircraft and secret wea-
pons and speculates that techniques  may have been achieved in some other civ-
ilization in the universe th~~ surmount matter and time as we  know  them--
techniques no  more startling for- such a  civilization than flying and  radio appear 
ta our civilization on  earth. 

Goble,  H.  C.  Did Jones chart an unknown  world?  Fate,  v.  10,  Apr.  1957:  68-70. 

Analysis cf the  700-page  observations of  Zodiacal  Light  made  Apr.  4,  1853  to 
Feb.  3,  1855,  by  Rev.  Jones,  Chaplain of  Commodore  Perry's experituon to 
Japan,  seems to indicate that some components of  the  '1ight" were artificially-
propelled luminous objects with behavior identical to that of UFOs. 

Gray,  Grattan.  The town that believes in flying saucers.  MacJean's,  v.  80,  Mar. 

1967:  4. 

Describes projected $14,000  landing pad for flying  saucers to be erected for 
centennial  celebration of St.  Paul,  Alberta,  Canada. 

A hard look at  "flying saucers."  U.S.  news & world report,  v.  60,  Apr.  11,  1966: 

14-15. 

Summary of opinion about the  reality of the  UFO phenomenon. 

Harney,  John and Alan W.  Sharp.  Report on  a visit to Warminster.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  3-4. 

Report  in investigation of  alleged UFO incidents at Warminster,  England.  Re-
printed from  July  1967 MUFORG  Bulletin  of  the  Merseyside UFO Research 
Group. 

Heavenly bogies.  Time,  v.  88,  Sept.  2,  1966:  81-82. 

Reviews  of  Frank Edwards'  Flying Saucers -- Serious Business  and  John G. 
Fuller's Incident at Exeter. 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  Are flying  saucers real?  The  Saturday evening post,  v.  239, 

Dec.  17,  1966:  17-21. 

Hynek,  chairman of  the  department of  astronomy at  Northwestern  lJniv.  and 
consultant to  USAF's  Project  Blue  Book,  states that of  the  15,000  cases of  UFO 
sightings that have  come to his attention,  "several hundred are puzzling,  and 
some of  the puzzling incidents,  perhaps one  in 25  are bewildering."  He  cites 
illustrative examples and urges a  serious inquiry  into the  nature of  the 
phenomenon. 

----- The  UFO gap.  Playboy,  v.  14,  Dec.  1967:  144-146,  267,  269-271. 

Author says that from what  ''hard" information  he has,  the  U. s. S. R.  may have 
been studying the UFO  phenomenon  with dispassiraate thoroughness for years; 
the  U. S.  is only now beginning to consider treating the problem seriously.  He 
outlines wtiat he believes  to  be  a thorough and e[ficient way  to obtain scientific 
knowledgt:  !lf  UFOs. 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  UFOs  merit scientific study.  Science,  Oct.  21,  1966:  329. 

In  an  open  letter,  the author states that he  "cannot dismiss the UFO  phenomenon 
with a shrug" and urges that the Air Force "ask physical and  social scientists 
of  stature to  make a respectable,  scholarly study of the UFO  phenomenon. " 

----- Unusual aeria! phenomena.  Journal of the Optical Society of America,  v.  43, 

Apr.  1953:  311-314. 

Author report!':  that several hundred serious reports of  "unidentified aerial ob-
jects" have  been  studied in detail in  an attempt to  get a  inttern classification. 
It appears to  him  that reported phenomena which do  not admit of a  ready and 
obvious  explanation  exhiuit fairly well-defined intterns and that these are worthy 
of further study.  One  inttcrn in  particular,  that of  a  hovering nocturnal light, 
does  not appear to  him  to be  readily explainable on  an  astronomical basis or 
by  mirages,  balloons,  or by conventional aircraft. 

Is the U. s.  Government expecting invaders from  space?  Flying saucers from  other 

worlds,  Aug.  1957:  16-21. 

Presents "factua.l" though  circumstantial evidence to support theory that USAF 
knows  that some  of  the unidentified objects observed are from  other worlds 
and  is taking measures to  repulse an  extraterrestrial invasion force. 

Jones,  Harold S.  The flying saucer myth.  The spectator,  Dec.  15,  1950:  686-687. 

Author,  the  British astronomer royal,  says that flying  saucers are "improbable" 
and the  extraterrestrial hypothesis  "the strongest possible demonstration that 
the whole  thing is a  myth. " 

Jones,  R.  V.  The  natural  philosophy of flying  saucers.  Physics bulletin,  July 

1968:  225-230. 

Prominent British physicist examines the  UFO  evidence.  Although  commending 
genuine  scientific  inquiry into the  subject,  he  retains his  skepticism of 
flying  saucers. 

Kaempffert,  Waldemar.  Expert sees flying  object--saucer or balloon.  Science 

digest,  v.  31,  Feb.  1952:  74. 

Account of  Charles B.  Moore's sighting of  UFO while tracking a Skyhook  bal-
loon  with a theodolite,  Moore  was  project engineer for  Project Skyhook;  UFO 
sightings have often been explained as Skyhook  balloons. 

Keel,  John A.  Secret UFO  bases across the U.S.  Saga,  v.  36,  Apr.  1968:  30-33, 

86,  89-90,  92-94,  96. 

Author suggests that  ''while everyvne has been studying the skies,  searching 
for a  clue to the origin of the UFOs,  the objects and their occupants  may have 
been happily nesting almost in our very midst,  quietly preparing for their 
'D·Day'!" 

Keel,  Jc!m A.  UFOs--the statistical problem.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1968:  18-19. 

Author states that random UFO sighting reports do not provide data of  sufficient 
depth or ''keys to the many hidden factors"  of the phenomenon.  He  suggests 
that UFO researchers revise their approach to the subject and "search for new 
and possibly illogiczl (by  our standards) clues buried in the more controversial 
cases." 

Keyhoe,  Donald E.  Flying saucers--fact or fancy?  The  air line pilot,  v.  22,  Oct. 

1953:  9-10. 

Major Keyhoe  describesofficial statements from USAF's Air  Technical  Intel-
ligence Center to refute Dr.  Donald Menzel' s  explanations that UFO sightings 
are attributable to natural atmospheric phenomena.  He  also cites "an official 
Air  Force document" which states that an increasing number of officials linked 
with the investigation are convinced "that the saucers are interplanetary. " 

----- Plying saucers:  menace  or myth?  Argosy,  v.  350,  June  1960:  17,  80-83. 

Author states that for  13 years,  USAF has maintained officially that reports of 
UFOs are the result of delusions and hoaxes,  with no  solid basis whatsoever. 
He purports to expose this cover-up policy by  making public  official USAF doc-
uments,  including Regulation 200-2 and a directive referring to UFOs as "seri-
ous business. " 

Klemin,  Alexander.  Tl>' flying  saucer.  Aero digest,  v.  32,  Mar.  1950:  129-130. 

Author examines "flying saucer stories'' from point of view  of aerodynamic 
feasibility and practicality and concludes there is "nothing in them." 

Kor,  Peter.  Perspective:  flying  saucers- -physical or psychic?  Saucer news, 

v.  13,  Fall 1966:  10-12. 

Inquiry into the language and concepts that have been used to determine the 
nature of the UFO phenomenon. 

----- UFOs from the critic's corner:  the myth  of the flying  saucer mystery.  Fly-

ing saucers,  Dec.  1959:  48-53. 

Author,  a  non-believer in UFOs,  gives  reasons for his non-belief and critically 
analyzes current UFO  "research." 

Lang,  Daniel.  Ils livrent combat aux soucoupes volantes.  Constellation,  v.  79, 

Nov.  1954:  133-154. 

Review  of UFO sighting reports,  especially in the U.S. A.,  a.nd of theorie::>  ad-
vanced by members of the scientific community to explain the phenomenon. 

- - - - - A reporter at large:  something in the sky.  The New  Yorker,  v.  28,  Sept 6, 

1952:  68-89. 

Discussion of  USAF's  Project Saucer investigat!on into reports of "strange 
celestial objects. " 

Lear,  John.  A reply.  Saturday review,  Feb.  4,  1967:  73. 

~ science editor restates his position in the UFO contrmrersy and answers 
John  Fuller's criticisms of  him for publishing excerpts from  Incident at Exeter 
(New  York,  G. P.  Putnam's Sons,  1966) without permission  and out of context. 

Le  Poer Trench,  Brinsley.  The  three W's.  Saucer news,  v.  11,  Dec.  1964:  7-10. 

Discusses three questions important in UFO l'esearch:  (1)  where do they come 
from?  (2)  who  crews them?  (3)  why  are they coming? 

Lyustiberg,  Villen.  "Letaiushchie tarelki "?  Mif!  [Are flying  saucers a  myth?] 

Pravda ukrainy,  no.  40,  Feb.  17,  1968:  2. 

Flying saucers are described as a well camouflaged means of  misinforming 
masses of people: 
''whenever magazine or newspaper circulation lags,  when-
ever the  reader gets sated with  economics and politics,  whenever he has to be 
distracted from asking embarrassing questions,  then Western businessmen 
use one  of  three sure-fire perennial sensations--flying saucers,  sea serpents 
(sometimes the  Loch  Ness monster),  and  Abominable Snowmen.'' 

McDonald,  James E.  A need for an  international study of  UFOs.  Flying  saucer 

review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1~68:  11. 

Author writes an endorsement to Soviet scientist Zigel 's plea for "a joint effort 
of  all  the  scientists of the world"  to determine the  nature of  UFOs.  From a 
Dec.  10,  1967,  New  York Times  sto1·y  by Henry Kamm. 

----- UFOer  -det st¢rste videnskabelige problem i vor tid?  Randers,  Denmark, 

UFO-NYTis  Forlag,  1967.  64  p. 

Translation of  '1JFOs:  the greatest scientific problem of  our times," delivered 
at the convention of the  American Society of  Newspaper  Editors,  Washington, 
D. C.,  April  22,  1967. 

Malian,  Lloyd.  What  we  are doing about  UFOs.  Science  &  mechanics,  v.  38,  Jan. 

1967:  38-43,  62-67,  76. 

Survey of  activitiee of  official  and private organizations engaged in UFO 
research. 

Mandel,  Siegfried.  The great saucer hunt.  T"ne  Satur<iay  review,  v.  38,  Aug.  6, 

1955:  28·29. 

Ten books dealing  with flying  saucers are reviewed:  Flying Saucers have Land-
~ Desmond Leslie and George Adamski;  Inside the Space Ships,  George 
Adamski;  Flying Saucers from Mars,  Cedric Allingham; Space,  Gravitv,  and 
the  Flying Saucers,  Leonard G.  Cramp;  Flying Saucers on the Attack,  Harold T. 
Wilkins;  The Case for the UFO,  M. K.  Jessup;  Roundtrip to Hell  in a  Flying 
Saucer,  Cecil Michael;  The Saucers Speak,  George H.  Williamson and AlfredC. 
Bailey;  Flying Saucers from Outer Spac~,  Donald E.  Keyhoe;  Flying Saucers, 
Donald H.  Menzel. 

Maney,  Charles A.  Scientific aspects of UFO  research.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  4,  Sept-Oct.  1958:  10-12,  30. 

Maney discusses role of scientific  method in UFO research in speech at open-
ing of Planetary Center,  Detroit,  Mich.,  June  14,  1958. 

Marais,  D.  Are we being watched?  Personality,  v.  1410,  Jan.  1,  1954:  26-28. 

Margolis,  Howard.  The UFO phenomenon.  Bulletin of  the  atomic  scientists,  v.  23, 

June 1967:  40-42. 

Problems and difficulties inherent in the  University of  Colorado study of un-
identified flying  objects are discussed by the author.  He  concludes that it is 
unlikely that the final  report will  resolve the issue and speculates that it may 
"add more fuel  to the controversy. " 

Markowitz,  William.  The physics and  metaphysics  of unidentified flying  objects. 

Science,  v.  157,  Sept.  15,  1967:  1274-1279. 

Reported UFOs cannot be under extraterrestrial control if the laws of physics 
are valid,  the author asserts.  He  adds that the  data published do  not  justify 
the holding of investigations of the phenomenon. 

Miller,  Max B.  Report on the UFO.  Fate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  31-34. 

Review  of  Edward J.  Ruppelt's book  about  the U.S.  Air Force's UFO  investi-
gations,  The Report on Unidentified  Flying Objects  (New  York,  Doubleday, 
1956). 

----- Scientists track space radio signals.  Fate,  v.  12,  June  1959:  57-58. 

Mysterious  radio signals  whose source may  be  moving in a  direction away 
from the  earth were monitored on frequencies  of  20  and  40  megacycles for 
three hours in late November  1958,  from an  Air  Force Missile Test Center 
installation at Cape Canaveral. 

Miller,  Stewart.  On  scientific dogma.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr. 

1967:  26-27. 

Spf'C:ulation about UFOs must be expressed within a  coherent and consistent 
framewoi'k,  the author postulates; otherwise UF'O researchers must not level 
accusations of narrow-mlndet:lness at those who point out  mistakes. 

Moorehouse,  Frederick G.  The  case of the flying  saucers.  Argosy,  v.  329,  July 

1949:  22-24,  92. 

Author states that:  (1)  there are fiying  saucers; (2)  they  represent the most 
advanced form  of guided missile yet to appear;  (3)  they use a new  source of 
propulsion which derives from a compact  "soft fission"  atomic powerplant that 
affords amazing performance in terms of  range and speed;  (4)  they use a  new 
scheme for guidance and control that gives a never-before-reached degree of 
precision.  He  documents his claims. 

The  mysterious chunk of hardware at Ottawa.  Topside,  Spring 1968:  1-4. 

On  June  12,  1960,  a  sonic boom was heard in Quebec  City,  Canada.  At about 
the  same time,  a fiery object fell  out of  the sky,  splitting into two pieces,  both 
of which fell  into the St.  Lawrence  River about  20  mi.  upriver from Quebec 
City and were later recovered.  X-ray diffraction  analysis indicated the un-
identified objects consisted of  a  metallic face-centered cubic compound,  with 
a unit-cell dimension agreeing with those  of austenitic steel and meteoric  iron. 
The semi-quantitative spectrographic analysis showed there was insufficient 
nickel present for the  material to be of  meteoric origin;  the subject was con-
sidered to be of terrestrial origin.  Subsequent laboratory experiments on  the 
metal by Wilbur B.  Smith and co-workers resulted in a  number of  unusual  re-
actions not consistent with the normal behavior of  terrestrial metal. 

The  new  saucer epidemic.  New  republic,  v.  127,  Aug.  18,  1952:  7. 

Commentary on  increased reports  of  UFO sightings.  Opinions are given 
of  scientists (including Donald H.  Menzel and  Noel Scott) who  believe it 
Wllikely that flying saucers come from another planet. 

Nollet,  A.  R.  Flying  saucers .. a hard look.  Marine corps gazette,  v.  43,  Dec. 

1959:  20-25. 

States that hope  for  a U.S.  scientific "saucer"  breakthrough based on  April 
29,  1959,  article in  U.S.  News  and  World Report entitled" Flying Saucer 
Age  for  the  U.S.  -- It's Getting Nearer" were  misplaced since the "saucers" 
turned out to  be  ground effect vehicles.  Describes the  different types of 
GEVs  worldwide and suggests military uses. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Dr.  Hermann Oberth discusses UFOs.  Fate,  v.  15,  May  1962: 

36-43. 

Author  says that in  the absence  of  a more plausible explanation,  one might 
assume  that UFOs  are "flying machines"  that  (1)  are not built by  humans; 
(2)  fly by  means of  artificial gravity fields;  and  (3)  produce high-tension 
electric charges to  push  the air out of their paths so that it does  not start 
glowing,  and strong magnetic  fields  to interact with  ionized air. 

Transitions of UFOs from half-transparent to invisible state might be  related 
to creation of artificial gravity fields.  Oberth  "would bet 100 to one  that some 
of the ·contact persor..s are normal and have  seen and experienoa:lsomething." 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Warum Ufoforschung?  In  Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft fur 

Interplanetarik.  Wien,  Europilischer-Verlag,  1961.  p.  1-7. 

After summarizing hypotheses that might explain the UFO phenomenon,  the 
author predicts that scientific institutions will  enter seriously into UFO  re-
search once  the field has been more clearly defined so that it can be assigned 
to the appropriate specialists and when enough evidence has been collected so 
that the facts can no longer be  denied or ridiculed. 

----- Wir werden beobachtet.  Deutsche illustrierte,  Sept.  11,  1954:  10-11,  24-28. 

Discussion of  UFOs,  their behavior and characteristics is followed by examples 
of UFO  sightings.·  It is concluded that in the light of current scientific and 
technological knowledge and research,  they  are too advanced to have been built 
by  man and must have been constructed by  extraterrestrial beings especially 
adapted biologically to space travel.  Author  urges serious research by the 
scientific community  and that official  agencies make  available all records in 
their possession. 

Official Air  Force statements on unidentified flying objects.  The  UFO  investigator, 

v.  1,  Jan.  1958:  25-26. 

Period 1947-1952  is covered. 

Ogles,  George W.  What does the Air  Force really know  about flying  saucers? 
Washington,  D. c.,  The  Airman,  1967.  8 p.  Reprinted from  The  Airman, 
v.  11,  July  1967,  p.  4-9;  Aug.  1967,  p.  26-31. 

Survey of  the  UFO controversy and  statement of  the  Air  Force position:  the 
Air  Force has  never denied the possibility of  life on  other planets; what it does 
say is that no  evidence has been received nor discovered which proves the ex-
istence and intraspace mobility of  extraterrestrial life.  Some widely publicized 
"sightings" are also discussed. 

Ormond,  Ron.  Is Siam  a  secret base for flying  saucers?  Flying  saucers,  May 

1959:  51-56. 

Story  is told of  big fiery wheels  that come out  of  the sky and land near the  village 
of the  Lahus,  an  aboriginal  tribe inhabiting the northern sector of  Thailand. 

Out-of-the-blue believers.  The  New  Yorker,  v.  35,  Apr.  18,  1959:  36-37. 

Commentary on  a symposium  relating to UFO phenomena sponsored by  Civilian 
Saucer Intelligence of  New  York. 

Pacic,  Warren E.  Interview with  Donald Keyhoe.  Fate,  v.  12,  Aug.  1959:  86-90. 

Keyhoe discusses UFO sightings by reliable observers and  states the determi-
nation of NICAP  (National  Investigations Committee on  Aerial  Phenomena) to 
obtain pllblic Congressional hearings on the phenomenon. 

Palmer,  Ray.  New  report on the flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  4,  .Jan.  1951:  63-81. 

Excerpts from article entitled "The  Flying Saucers--Fact or Fiction" printed 
in July  1950  Flying.  Reports alleged UFO sightings on  March 31,  1950,  by 
Chicago and Southern Air  Lines pilots Capt.  Jack Adams  and G. W.  Anderson, 
Jr.,  near Little Rock,  Ark.;  in July 1948 by  Eastern Air Lines pilots Capt. 
Clarence S.  Chiles and  John B.  Whitted southwest of Mongomery,  Ala.; on 
April  27,  1950,  by  Trans-World Air  Lines pilots Capt.  Robert Adickes and 
Robert Manning near South  Bend,  Ind.;  and on May  29,  1950,  by  American 
Airlines pilot Capt.  William  T.  Sperry near Washington,  D.C. 

Pastorino,  Luiz  P.  The  flying discs and the  U.S. S. R.  BUFORA  journal and bul-

letin,  v.  1,  Spring  1967:  4-6. 

The  people who  see  ''flying saucers."  The  UFO investigator,  v.  1,  Jan.  1958: 

23-24. 

Listing of witnesses to UFO sightings; pr'Jfesslons are given. 

Posin,  Dan  Q.  An  eye on  space.  Popular mechanics,  v.  113,  Feb.  1960:  103. 

Commentary on  reports of  "hair-raising sights in the  sky. "  Unnamed scientist 
is quoted as saying that while  it is not probable that extraterrestrial spacecraft 
have visited earth,  "they can come and they  might  come--any day. " 

Pravda i vynsysel  ob  UFO  [Trutr. and fantasy about  UFOs].  Tekhnika molodezhi, 

No.  8,  1967:  23-27. 

A series of  articles by  Alexander Kazantsev and Jacques  Vallee,  Yu  Makerov, 
and  George  Campbell. 

Priestly,  Lee.  Inside APRO ... a  saucer fan dub.  Fate,  v.  12,  Jan.  1959:  59-65. 

Account of the activities of  the  Aerial  Phenomena Research Organization  (APRO} 
of  Tucsor.,  Arizona. 

Prytz,  John.  The  Air  Force opinion on UFOs.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  26-27. 

Author states that although officially USAF  disclaims the  reality of flying  sau-
cers,  a high percentage of USAF personnel  believe in the  seriousness of 
phenomenon. 

Rankow,  Ralph.  The  disc with the domed top.  Fate,  v.  19,  Aug.  1966:  54-61. 

Highway  inspector describes encounter with  soundless aerial object that he 
was able to photograph. 

Ross,  John c.  What  were the  doughnuts?  Fate,  Spring 1948:  12-14. 

In an analysis of military aircraft and weaponry,  author states it would be dif-
ficult to confuse them with the flying disks  reportedJy seen by Kenneth  Arnold. 
He  suggests extraterrestrial origin. 

Ruppelt,  Edward J.  Inside stor1 of the saucers.  Sci~nce digest,  v.  39,  Apr.  1956. 

35-41. 

Condensed from a  chapter of the book,  The  Report on Unidentified  Flying Objects, 
published in New  York by Doubleday,  1956.  Author describes his activities as 
head of·_:,  AF's  Project Blue Book,  1951-1953.  He  states that while  balloons, 
alrplan~i;,  stars,  and many other C'lmmon objects have been reported as UFOs, 
there are hundreds of other UFO reports which carry the verdict,  "Conclusion 
Unknown." 

----- What our Air  Force found out  about flying  saucers.  True,  May  1954:  19-20, 

22,  24,  26,  30,  124-134. 

Ruppelt,  in charge of USAF's  Project IDue  Book f::-om  1951  to  1953,  reports 
w!lat he learned about flying  saucers during this period.  He  states his opinion 
that the saucers are either inter planetary or do  not  exist. 

Sagan,  Carl.  Unidentified flyL;g  object.  h. Encyclopedia Americana,  v.  27,  New 

York,  Americana Corp.,  1967.  p.  368-369. 

"Unidentified flying ol>ject"  is defined and then discussed in terins of  investiga-
tions,  hypotheses of  extraterrestrial origin,  and psychological factors. 

Salisbury,  Frank B.  The  scientist and the  UFO.  Bioscience,  Jan.  1967:  15-24. 

Five hypothc·ses purporting to explain the UFO phenomenon are discussed and 
a few  representative sightings considered. 

Sharp,  Peter F.  An  appraisal of the present UFO position.  Flying saucer revi.:'w, 

v.  7,  1961:  19-22. 

Analysis of  current hypotheses which attempt tr,  explain UFO phenomena. 

Simons,  Rodger  L.  The  space snip hokum.  The Catholic wo-rld,  v.  140,  Nov.  1934: 

164-170. 

Arguments on the  improbability of  there ever being travel to and from  other 
planets. 

Situation report:  What is the unidentified flying  object situation these days?  Ameri-

can engineer,  Mar.  1967:  55. 

Two  new  develq>ments relating to the UFO phenomenon are cited:  (1)  Dr.  J. 
Allen Hynek's open letter to Science urging serious scientUtc investigation of 
the problem; and (2)  the  USAF-sponsored,  15-month study at the University of 
Colorado,  headed by Dr.  Edward U.  Condon. 

Smith,  E. R.  UFOs and artificial satellites.  F1y.l.ng saucer review,  v.  7,  Sept-Oct. 

1961:  6-11. 

Some  conventional methods of observing things seen in the sky are discussed 
for benefit of UFO  researchers.  Possibility of confusing satellites with UFOs--
and vice versa--is treated. 

Snova  ''Letaiushchie tarelki"? ('.'Flying saucers" again?)  Pravda,  Feb.  29,  1968:  8. 

In answer to letters from  readers claiming to have  seen fiyi'lg saucers,  article 
on  the  subject by several scientists was published.  It is postulated that "no 
one  has in his possession any  new  facts that would substantiate the reality of 
flying  saucers.  They are not  encountered by scientists who study i:he  state and 
conditions of  earth's atmosphere.  This therefore means there are no  grounds 
for  reviving the  nonsensical,  long-buried rumors about  secret trips to our 
planet by  Martians or Venusians."  Article signed by  E.  Mustel,  D.  Martynov, 
and  V.  Leshkovtsev. 

Stanford,  Rex  G.  Brev  fran  Rex  Stanford.  Sokaren,  v.  5,  no.  3,  1968:  16. 

C• 

• 

Author's  response to questions submitted to  him by  the editor,  Sven  Magnusson. 
He  states his belief that flying  saucers come from and are  controlled by  beings 
from  outer space.  The  author's book,  Look Up,  was translated into Swedish 
with  title Kontakt  med Rymdmanniskor -(Hlilsil.gborg,  Parth4"non,  1959).  Also 
discussed is Project Starlight International,  organized by his brother,  Ray 
Stanford,  Corpus Christi,  Tex. ,  to collect physical proof of  the existence of 
UFOs. 

Stevens,  Stuart.  Sighting peaks  and planetary oppositions.  Flying  saucers,  Aug. 

1966:  20-21. 

Author  suggests the UFO  sighting peaks betwee11  the  Martian oppositions might 
mean there is also an opposition wave  for other planets in our solar system. 
Reprinted from  Orbit,  journal  of the  Tyneside,  England,  U.  F. O.  Society. 

The  strange ir.~ruder.  Newsweek,  v.  56,  July 4,  1960:  83. 

Radio astronomer Ronald Bracewell  comments on possibility that an unidentified 
satellite from  an extnterrestrial civilization is orbiting the sun. 

Szachnowski,  Antoni.  The necessity of  a global international federation of  UFO 

groups.  BUFORA  journal  and  bulletin,  v.  1,  Spring  1965:  5-9. 

Lecture at the  Southern Region UFO  Research Groups Conference,  Oxford, 
England,  May  8,  1965. 

The truth about the book  "The report on unidentifJ~d flying objects" by  Edward J. 

Ruppelt.  Flying saucers,  Dec.  1958:  35-42,  56. 

Ruppelt's ''report" is challenged,  specifically his statement that the  Maury 
Island incident was "the dirtiest book  in UFO  history" and was perpetrated by 
Ray  Palmer. 

UFO:  an objective look at unidentified flying objects.  Science & mechanics,  v.  37, 

Dec.  1966:  30-39,  57-58,  62-76. 

Illustrated directory of all major sightings through  December 1966.  Detailed 
case histories of the 12  most mysterious UFO sightilgs. 

Vallee,  Jacques.  How  to classify and codify sa\!cer sightings.  Flying saucer re-

view,  v.  9,  Sept.-Oct.  1963:  9-12. 

Article sets forth briefly 1'rinciples which can be used  in the classification and 
coding of flying  saucer sightings. 

----- How  to select significant UFO reports.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

Oct.  1965:  15-18. 

Auther believes that the scientific way  to process UFO  data is to divide the prob-
lem into two parts:  (1)  consider all the  reports from  all  available sources, try-
ing to  explain them  in terms of  conventional objects;  (2)  when all identified cases 
have been eliminated,  the residue must  contain reference to the UFO phenome-
non if it exists as an unconventional,  objective agent  in the generation of  reports. 

----- UFO  research in the  U.S. A.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Jan. -Feb.  1966: 

6-11. 

Author  reports on his impressions of trends--motivations and theories--in 
Ameril'!an ufology. 

Vallee,  Jacques,  and Aleksandr Kasantsev.  What  is it that  is flying  in our skies? 

Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  1967:  11-12. 

General discussion of  theories relating to the UFO phenomenon. 
UFO sighting cases are cited. 

''Classic" 

Vallee,  Jacques and  Janine Vallee.  Astronomers' verdict:  flying  saucers are real. 

Fate,  v.  20,  Apr.  1967:  62-72. 

An  objective  review of major hypotheses on  origin of  UFOs  leads author to con-
clude that (1)  all sightings cannot be attributed to conventional  causes;  (2)  ex-
istence of  alien i'ltelligence must be considered;  (3)  extreme caution  must be 
used in developing latter hypothesis because of phenomenon's complexity.  Ex-
cerpted from  Challenge to Science:  UFO  Enigma,  published in  Chicago by 
H.  Regnery  Co.,  1966, 

Vallee,  Jacques and Janine Vall~e.  Mar&  and the fiylng saucers.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  8,  Sept. -Oct.  1962:  5-11. 

Study of the periodicity of the flying  saucer phenomenon in its correlation with 
the oppositions of  Mars. 

Veit,  Karl.  Mainzer Weltkongres der UFO-Forscl:.t>r.  UFO-nachrichten,  Dec. 

1967:  1,  3. 

Proceedings of the  7th International UFO Congress,  Mainz,  Germany,  Nov.  3-6, 
1967. 

Vonkeviczky e  gli UFO all 'UNU.  Centro unico nazionale per lo studio del fenomeni 

ritenuti di natura extraterrestre.  Notiziario,  no.  5,  1967:  8-14. 

Because of  his interest in UFOs and letters to the Secretary General of the 
United Nations  urging an  international study of the phenomenon,  Colman 
Vonkeviczky,  a U.  N.  photo technician,  allegedly lost his  job and was  subse-
quently denied employment at the U.N.  when a  vacan<;y occurred. 

Waithman,  Robert.  These flying  saucers.  The  spectator,  v.  184,  Apr.  14,  1950: 

489-490. 

Commentary on the flying  saucer controversy. 

What  were the flying  saucers?  Popular science,  v.  159,  Aug.  1951:  74-75,  228. 

Results of  an unofficial  Popular Science survey in which eye-witnesses to UFO 
phf'nomena were asked to choose the explanation that seemed most plausible to 
them:  52%  believe they  rnw  ''man-made aircraft'';  16% believe they saw "some-
thing .:ommonplace";  4 % believe they saw a  ''visitor from  afar";  28%  are still 
uncertain,  but  more than half of them think they saw either man-made aircraft 
or visitors from  afar. 

Wilkins,  Harold  T.  Flying saurers.  The contemporary review,  July 1950:  49-53. 

Well-corroborated UFO incidents are cited by author as proof that the phenome-
non  cannot be dismissed as  misinterpretation of  natural objects. 

Willems,  Louis.  De  lieve  invasie.  A.  B. C.,  Oct.  8,  1966:  14-16. 

Speculation on  whether increasing reports of  worldwide  sightings  of  UFOs har-
binger an invasion by  extraterrestrial beings. 

Wilson,  Harvey.  Found:  flying  saucer base in outer  space.  The  National  pol~ce 

gazette,  v.  173,  Aug.  1968:  14,  24. 

It is speculatPd that pulsating signals from the  region of  the  star Vega are in-
dicative of  a  flying  saucer base there. 

The wind is up in Kansas.  Time,  v.  60,  Sept.  8,  1952:  86. 

Wichita Beacon issues a state-wide call for a flying  saucer watch. 

Zigel,  Felix.  The  UFO problem  -- a challenge to  science.  Flying saucers,  June 

1968:  25-26. 

The  joint effort of  all scientists in the world should be  applied to discovering 
the  nature of  the UFO phenomenon,  the  author says.  Details given of  sightings 
in the U.S. S. R.,  1965-1967. 

Zinsstag,  Lou.  ('onversations with Dr.  Jung.  Flying  saur.el·  review,  v.  9,  July-

Aug.  1963:  lt-16. 

Author,  a  relative of  Dr.  Jung,  gives details of  informal talks about  various 
aspects of the flying  saucer controversy. 


=================================================
ABDUCTIONS 

The  Brazilian abduction.  1'1'lying saucer review,  v.  8,  Nov. -Dec.  19o2:  10-12. 

Dec.  1962:  10-12. 

Descriptiqn by Raimundo  Mafra of the disappearance of his father,  Rivalino 
Mafra da Silva,  from  Duas  Pontes,  Diamantina,  Brazil,  and  concomitant 
events that might indicate aJduction U/ UFO. 

Comella,  Tom.  Have  UFOs  "swallowed'' our aircraft?  Fate,  v.  14,  May  1961: 

32-37. 

Master/Sergeant 0.  D.  Hill o!  Project  Rlue  Rook allegedly related instances 
where aircraft being tracked on  ra'.la:r  my.;terio:isly disap,,eared after 
"merging" with  UFO.:;  also being tracked. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  Attempted abduction  by  UFO  entity?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Mar.  -Apr.  1967:  23-24. 

Translation of newspaper accoJnt (Ettala'at  Teheran,  Iran  ,  Oct.  15,  1954) 
of an  apparent attempted abduction  by  UFO. 

----- Even  more amazing.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  July-Aug.  1966:  23-27; 

Sept. -Oct.  1966:  22-25;  Nov.  -Dec.  1966:  14-16;  v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967: 
25-27;  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  18-20. 

English version of original declaration  made  by  Antonio  Villas  Boas that 
on  the night of  October 15-16,  1957,  he  was abducted by  helmeted,  uniformed 
creatures from  his iarm near  rrancisco de  Sales,  Brazil,  onto a  landed 
spacecraft of  apparently extraterrestrial origin;  there,  he was  seduced by 
a  naked,  fair-skinned,  red-haired womrin  with  slanting eyes  in  what  may 
have been a  biological  experiment.  A translation of  the  medical report 
confirms the  possibility of  the alleged experience. 

-----The most amazing case of all:  ?art 1--a Brazilian farmer's story.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965:  13-17. 

On  Dec.  15,  1957,  Antonio Villas  Boas,  a  Brazilian farmer,  was allegedly 
taken aboard a flying saucer and seduced by  a white-skinned,  red-haired 
woman  with  "slanted" eyes.  Based on  account in the April/ July 1962 
bulletin of  the Sociedad  Brasileira de Estudos Sohre Discos Voadores. 

----- The  most amazing case of  all.  Part 11--Analysis of the Brazilian farmer's 

story.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr.  1965:  5-8. 

Author analyses details of Antonio  Villas  Boas  story that he  was taken.  aboard 
a  landed flying saucer and seduced by a  white-skinned,  red-haired,  slant-
eyeci woman.  He  speculates that the mission of  some extraterrestrial 
visitors might be to breed a  mixed race--a new  race which would  have 
inherited some of  our characteristics,  including our ability to live  in a 
mixture of  80%  mtrogen and  20%  oxygen. 

Gaddis,  Vincent H.  Survey of  mysterious disappearances.  In  his  Invi~,ibleJiorizons. 

Philadelphia,  Chilton Co.,  1965,  p,  161-225. 

- -

Describes  disappearances of  men  and aircraft under circumstances that 
would  suggest kidnapping by extraterrestrials. 

Important discoveries.  Flying saucer review,  '"  12,  Nov. -Dec.  1966:  17. 

Comparison of case of  Barney and  Betty Hill who,  on  the  night of Sept.  19, 
1961,  were allegedly caifured by beings from  a flying saucer and taken 
aboard the  spa<.:ecraft for  physical examination and that of Antonio  Villas 
Boas who was  allegedly abducted by extraterrestrial beings for sexual 
experiment aboard their landed spacecraft on  Oct,  15/16,  1957. 

Keel,  John A.  More from  my  Ohio  Valley notebook.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  20-21. 

During a visit to  Sistersville,  Ohio,  for  informatioo about the 1897  UFO 
sighting there,  author learns there have  been  numerous  UFO  sightings 
1966-1967 and  is told of  an  abortive attempt by  a  UFO  to kidnap a 
bloodmobile  in  March 1967, 

----- The  UFO kidnappers.  Saga,  v.  33,  Feb.  1967:  10-14,  50,  52-54,  56-60,  62. 

Documents  instances where  UFOs  have tracked and  sometimes kidnapped 
humans.  Reports cases where airborne  planes  have  beE:n  engulfed by  UFOs. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Thr  disappearance of  Rivalino da Silva:  kidnapped by  a  UFO? 

Fate,  v.  16,  June 1963:  26-33. 

The wind is up in Kansas.  Time,  v.  60,  Sept.  8,  1952:  86. 

Wichita Beacon issues a  state-wide call for a flying  saucer watch. 

Zigel,  Felix.  The UFO problem -- a  challenge to science.  Flying saucers,  June 

1968:  25-26. 

The  joint errort or  all scientists in the world should be applied to discovering 
the nature of the  UFO phenomenon,  the author says.  Details given or  sightings 
in the U.S. S. R.,  1965-1987. 

Zinsstag,  Lou.  Conversations with Dr.  Jung.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  July-

Aug.  1963:  14-16. 

Author,  a  relative oC  Dr.  Jung,  gives details of informal talks about various 
aspects of the flying  saucer controversy. 

ABDUCTIONS 

The Brazilian abduction.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Nov.-Dec.  19o2:  10-12. 

Dec.  1962:  10-12. 

Descriptiqn by Raimundo  Mafra of the disappearance of his father,  Rivalino 
Mafra da Silva,  from Duas  Pontes,  Diamantina,  Brazil,  and concomitant 
events that might indicate aoductiou lrJ  UFO. 

Comella,  Tom.  Have  UFOs  "swallowed" our aircraft?  Fate,  v.  14,  May  1961: 

32-37. 

Mister/Sergeant O.  D.  Hill of  Project  Rlue  Rook allegedly  related instances 
where aircraft being tracked on  rada:r :;ny..;terioasly disap;>eared after 
"merging" with  UF03  a.lso  being tracked, 

Creighton,  Gordon.  Attempted abduction by  UFO  entity?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Mar.  -Apr.  1967:  23-24. 

Translation of newspaper accoJnt (Ettala'at  Teheran,  Iran  ,  Oct.  15,  1954) 
of an  apparent attemptP.n  abduction  by  UFO. 

~-·--- Even  m,.)re  amazing,  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  July-Aug.  1966:  23-27; 

Sept. -Oct.  1966:  22-25;  Nov. -Dec.  1966:  14-16;  v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967: 
25-27;  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  18-20. 

English version of origina.l declaration  made by  Antonio  Villas  Boas that 
on  the night of October 15··lf! ~  1957,  he  was abducted by  helmeted,  uniformed 
creatures from his farm  near Francisco de Sales,  Brazil,  onto a  landed 
spar.ecraft of  apparently extraterrestrial origin;  there,  he  was  seduced by 
a  naked,  fair-skinned,  red-haired woman  with slanting eyes in what may 
have been a biological experiment.  A translation of the  medical report 
confirms the  possibility of the alleged experience. 

-----The most amazing case cl all:  Part 1--a Brazilian farmer's story.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965:  13-17. 

011  Dec.  15,  1957,  Antonio Villas Boas,  a  Brazilian farmer,  was allegedly 
taken aboard a flying saucer and seduced by  a white-skinned,  red-haired 
woman  with  "slanted" eyes.  Based on  account in  the April/July 1962 
bulletin of  the Sociedad Brasileira de  Estudos Sobre Discos Vi::adores. 

----- The most amazing case of all.  Part II--Analysis of the Brazilian farmer's 

story.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr.  1965:  5-8. 

Author analyses details of Antonio Villas Boas story that he was taken aboard 
a  landed flying saucer and seduced by  a  white-skinned,  red-haired,  slant-
eyed woman.  He  speculates that the mission of some extraterrestrial 
visitors might be to breed a  mixed race--a new  race which would have 
inherited some of  our characteristics,  including our ability to live in.  a 
mixture of  80%  .1itrogen and  20% oxygen, 

Gaddis,  Vincent H.  Survey of  mysteriousdisappearances.  In his Invisible..horizons. 

Philadelphia,  Chilton Co,,  1965.  p.  161-225. 

- -

Describes  disappearances of men and aircraft under circumstances that 
would  suggest kidnapping by  extraterrestrials. 

Important discoveries.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Nov. -Dec.  1966:  17. 

Comparison of  case of  Barney and  Betty Hill who,  on  the night of Sept.  19, 
1961,  were allegedly  caJi;ured by beings from  a flying  saucer and taken 
aboard the  spacecraft for physical examination and that of Antonio  Villas 
Boas who  was allegedly abducted by  extraterrestrial beings for  sexual 
experiment aboard their landed spacecraft on  Oct.  15/16,  1957, 

Keel,  John A.  More from  my  Ohio  Valley notebook.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  20-21, 

During a  visit to Sistersville,  Ohio,  for informatioo about the 1897  UFO 
sighting there,  author learns there have been numerous  UFO  sightings 
1966-1967 and  is told of  an abortive attempt by  a  UFO  to kidnap a 
bloodmobile  in  March 1967. 

----- The  i.JFO  kidnappers.  Saga,  v.  33,  Feb.  1967:  10-14,  50,  52-54,  56-60,  62, 

Documents  instances where  UFOs  have tracked and sometimes kidnapped 
humans.  Reports  cases ivhere airborne  planes have been engulfed by  UFOs. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  The  disappearance of  Rivalino da Silva:  kidnapped  by a  UFO? 

Fate,  v.  16,  June  ~963: 26-33. 

A 12  year-old boy told police that on August  20,  1962,  two  strange,  globe-
shaped objects had visited his home  and taken away his terrified father. 
Alleged incident occurred in Diamantino,  Brazil. 

Spraggett,  Allen.  Kidnapped by  a  UFO.  Fate,  v.  20,  Jan.  1967:  34-41. 

Account of UFO's abduction of Barney and Betty Hill on Sept.  19,  1961,  near 
Franconia Notch,  N. H. 

Steiger,  Brad and Joan Whritenour.  Flying saucers are hostile.  New  York, 

Award Books,  1967.  160 p. 

Documented cases in which UFOs  have  allegedly been involved in murders, 
lddnappings,  auto crashes,  destruction of  '.lirplanes,  and other acts of 
aggression. 

Wells,  Leslie E.  They disappeared into the  unknown.  Fate,  v.  9,  July 1956:  63-67. 

Cases are detailed which suggest that men,  both singly and in numbers,  have 
been spirited from the  earth.  It is  speculated that they  might have  entered 
worlds that coexist with ours. 

Wolk,  George.  The terror above  us,  by Malcolm Kent  [pseud.]  Nev•  York,  Tower 

Publications,  1967,  124  p. 

A fiction novel presented as fact,  representing the  story of two  young  men 
who  are abducted by  a flying  saucer and subjected to a form of  "brain washing. " 

===============================================
AIR  FORCE 


Adler,  B.,  comp.  Letters to the  Air Force on  UFO's.  New  York,  Dell  Pub, 

Co. ,  1967.  157  p. 

Binder,  Otto 0,  Exposed:  why the Air  Force sits on  UFOs.  Bluebook,  v.  106, 

Dec,  1967:  16-19,  74-76,  78-79, 

Speculation on reason that USAF  cloes  not declare that UFOs  are rflal:  "the 
USAF  cannot admit that they  are unable  to protect America from UFO 
surveillance or they  would be  'out of business' in short order for  having 
failed in their main mis.don." 

Booth,  Leon.  Flying saucers.  Ordnance,  v.  51,  July-Aug.  1966:  30-31, 

USAF  role in investigating UFO sighting reports is discussed. 

Bryant,  Larry w.  The  UFO cover-up at Langley Air Force  Base.  Flying saucers, 

June 1968:  11-14. 

Author  gives  details of UFO sighting at Langley Air Force  Base  on Jan.  28, 
1965,  by responsible witnesses  and of Air Force failure to investigate the 
incident and subsequent  misrepresentation of the facts. 

Cahn,  J.P.  Flying saucers and the  mysterious little  men.  True,  v.  ~2,  Sept. 

1952:  17-19,  102-ll2. 

Report of  investigation into allegations in Frank Scully'&  book,  Behind the 
Flying Saucers {New  York,  Henry Holt,  1950),  that a crashed flying 
saucer and corpses of  its three-foot-tall crew had been taken into custody by 
the  u. S.  Air Force.  Claims prove untrue  and  the  book a hoax. 

Chartrand,  Robert L.  and William  F.  Brown.  Facts about unidentified flying 
objects.  Washington,  D. C.,  Library of Congress,  Legislative Reference 
Service,  1966.  29  p. 

Includes the  following:  description of various types of  UFOs;  trends in UFO 
activity;  historical sightings of  aerial phenomena;  identification of flying 
objects (versus UFOs);  U.S.  Government monitoring of  UFO  activity; 
special studies of  UFOs;  svecial briefings on UFO  activity; public reaction 
to UFOs;  Air Force  Regulation  200-2. 

Cohen,  Daniel.  UFOs--what a new  investigation may reveal.  Science  digest, 

v.  60,  Dec,  1966:  54-56,  58,  60-63. 

Reviews  USAF's  Project Blue  Book investigation of  UFO reports and sum-
marizes aims of  independent 15-month study by  University of Colorado. 

Current comment:  What goes on up  there?  America,  v.  87,  Aug,  23,  1952:  489. 

Article states reported USAF  position on flying  saucers:  they are not  space-
craft from distant planets; they are not  secret enemy weapons. 

Davidson,  Leon.  Flying saucers:  an analysis of the  Air  Force  Project Blue  Book 

Special Report  No.  14.  [3rd ed.,  rev.  and enl.]  Ramsey,  N. J,,  Ramsey-
Wallace  Corp.,  1966.  84  p. 

Author  states that throughout its investigation of  UFO phenomena,  USAF  has 
withheld information,  photographs,  and  other evidence  it has amassed.  He 
suggests that full text of  Project Blue  Book Special Report  No.  14  (analysis 
of  reports of  unidentified aerial objects}--an offset copy dated May  5,  1955 
is in the  appendix--prol.Jably was  not  made  readily available  to the public 
because in  20%  to 30% of  cases in main study,  oriGin of  objects sighted was 
declared unknown.  He  also points out that the report did not discuss whether 
or not there was  evidence to prove or disprove that UFOs  might  be  extra-
terrestrial objects or  devices.  First and second editions published by 
author  (White  Plains,  1956,  1957). 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  some answers to the saucers.  Fate, 

v.  11,  July 1958:  45-51. 

Author outiines  several possible reasons that the Air Force has remained 
silent on  the question of the reality of  UFO  activity.  He  postulates that 
there is official recognition of  the  phenomenon although  such  recogniticn 
is denied publicly. 

Greenfield,  Irving A.  Why  at'e they watching us?  by Allen  L.  Erskine  fpseud} 

New  York,  Tower  Publications,  1967.  124  p. 

Concise review of the  UFO  "classics," with emphasis on  the Air Force 
"conspiracy" and the extraterrestrial theses. 

Hall,  Richard.  Is there a  veil of  secr~cy around the flying saucers?  Flying ::;aucers 

from  other worlds,  June 1957:  51-56, 

Author  postulates t!tat although individuals continue to sight UFOs,  the  press 
remains silent and  the Air Force tries to  convince the  public  it is all 
imagination. 

Keyhoe,  Donald  F.  Flying saucers:  menace or myth?  Argosy,  v.  350,  June 1960: 

17,  80-83. 

Author states that for 13  years,  USAF  has  maintained officially that reports 
of  UFOs  are the result of  delusions and  hoaxes,  with  no  solid basis wha: 
:-
ever.  He  purports to  expose this coverup policy by making public  official 
USAF  documents,  including Regulation  200-2 and  a directive referring to 
UFOs  as  "serious business." 

Lee,  Ben S.  AF  vs.  saucers.  Aviation week,  v.  56,  June 23,  1952:  16. 

Article reports that under  USAF  Air  Techtdcal Intelligence Command direction, 
physicist at the  Univ.  of California is developing and testing special  photo-
graphic  equipment that may  enable sciPntists to determine the composition of 
light  phenomena,  including "flying saucers." 

Maney,  Charles A.  Why  the Air  Force cannot investigate UFOs.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  9,  July-Aug.  1963:  29,  33. 

Author suggests that USAF  resists publicizing evidence of  real navigating space 
travel by intelligences from  outer space in deference to the p.rotection  of 
capital investment:  if the  U.S.  government were unhampered in  its study 
and  investigation of the  scientific means  by which  space travel is accomplished, 
those  means  could  in  time be determined;  the resultant scientific breakthrough 
might upset orthodox conceptions and  result in  financial disaster for  certain 
vested interests. 

----- Why  the Air Force can't inves~te UFOs.  Fate,  v.  16,  May  1963:  26-28. 

Author  postulates that there is sufficient proof to establish the actuality of 
real,  navigating space travel by intelligence from outer space. 

Miller,  Max  B.  Report on  the UFO.  Fate,  v.  2,  Dec.  1956:  31-34. 

Review of  Edward J.  Ruppelt's book about the  U.S.  Air Force's UFO  investi-
gations,  The Report on  Unidentified  Flying Objects  (New York,  Doubleday, 
1956). 

Ogles,  George W.  What does the Air Force really know  about flying  saucers? 

Washington,  D. C.,  The Airman,  1967.  8 p. 

Survey of the  UFO  controversy  and statement of the Air Force position: the 
Air Force has never denied the possibility of life on  other planets; what 
it does  say is that no  evidence has been received nor discovered which 
proves the existence and  intraspace mobility of  extraterrestrial life.  Some 
widely  publicized "sightings" are also discussed.  {Reprinted from  The Airman 
v.  11,  July 1967,  p.  4-9; Aug.  1967,  p.  26-31.) 

Prytz,  John.  The Air Force opinion on  UFOs.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  26-27. 

Author states that although  officially  USAF  disclaims the reality of flying 
saucers,  a high  percentage of  USAF  personnel believe in  the  seriousness of 
the phenomenon. 

Quintanilla,  Hector.  Unidentified flying  objects.  Dayton,  Ohio,  The Author, 

[196- ]  37  p. 

Summary of  UfiAF  investigation of the  UFO  phenomenon. 

Ruppelt,  Edward J.  Inside story of  the  saucers.  Science digest,  v.  39,  Apr.  1956: 

35-41. 

Condensed from  a  chapter of  the book,  The  Report on  Unident1fied  Flying 
Objects,  published in  New  York by Doubleday,  1956.  Author describes his 
activities as head of  USAF's  Project Blue Book,  1951-1953.  He  states 
that while balloons,  airplanes,  stars,  and  many  other common objects have 
been  reported as  UFOs,  there are hundreds of other UFO  reports which 
'~arry the verdict,  "Conclusion  Unknown. " 

-----The report on  unidentified flying  objects.  Garden City,  New York,  1956. 

315  p. 

Author,  a  former chief of  USAF's  Project Blue  Book,  writes a factual account 
of  Air Force investigation of  UFO  sighting reports and  discusses all aspects 
of  the UFO  controversy.  Published also in  inperback edition by  Ace  Books 
(G537),  New  York. 

----- Report on  unidentified fiying objects.  ft'ate,  v.  10,  Apr.  1957:  27--13. 

An Air Force F-86 jet pilot,  paced by a fiying saucer d•'l"l.ng  summer 1952, 
opened fire on it.  Account excerite<f from author's t?ook,  The Report on 
Unidentified Flying Objects (Garden CJty,  N. Y. ,  Doubleday,  1956). 

----- What our Air  Force found  out about flying  saucers.  True,  May  1954:  19-20, 

22,  24,  26,  30,  124-134. 

H·.Jppelt.  in charge of USAF's  Project Blue  Book from 1951 to 1953,  reports 
what he learned about fiying saucers durklg this period.  He  states his 
opinion that the saucers 3.l'e either interplanetary or do  not exist. 

ScientUic Advisory Panel on  UntdentUied Flying Objects.  Report of  meetings of 

Scienillic Advisory  Panel on  Unidentified  Flying Objects,  January 14-18, 
?953.  Washingtcm,  D. C. ,  '953.  24  p. 

Report of the scienillic panel on untdP.ntified flying objects,  under the 
chairmanship of H.P.  Robertson.  Conclusions were:  (1)  that the evidence 
presented un  unidentified fiying objects showed no  indication that these 
phenomena constitute a direct physical threat to national security; and  (2) 
that the continu~d emphasis on the reporting of these phenomena results in 
a threat to t.1te  orderly functioning of the  protective organs of the body 
politic.  It .tecommended:  (1)  that the national security agencies take 
immediate steps to strip the  unidontUied fiying objects of the special 
status they have been given and  the aura of mystery they have unfortunately 
acquired; and  (2) that the national security agencies institute policies on 
intelligence,  training and p.ibllc  education designed to  prepare the material 
defenses and the  morale of the country to recognize most promptly and to 
react most effectively to true indications of hostile  U 1''0 intent or acb.on. 

Serious flaws  in AF Special Report 14  revealed by  NICAP analysis.  The UFO 

investigator,  v.  1,  Jan.  1958:  16-18. 

Analysis of the  main  points of  USAF  Project Blue Book  report. 

Shalett,  Sidney.  What you  can believe about flying  saucers.  Part I.  Saturday 

evening post,  v.  221,  Apr.  30,  1949:  20-21,  i36-139. 

Reports  on  USAF  probe of  250 reports on unidentified flying objects and 
concludes that "if there is a  scrap of  bona fide evidence to support the 
notion that our inventive geniuses or any  potential enemy,  on  this or any 
other planet,  is spewing saucers over America,  the Air Force has been 
unable to locate it. " 

Stringfield,  Leonard H. 

Inside saucer post •.• 3-0 blue.  Cincinnati,  Civilian 

Research,  Interplai1etary  Flying Objects,  1957,  94  p. 

"Inside story" of CRIFO  (Civilian Research,  fatP.rplanetary  Flying Objects) 
operations from  September 1955 when  the Air Defense Command designated 
the author's home a  "UFO reporting post," and CRIF'O  was  known  inter-
nationally as a  "civilian clearinghouse for saucer information."  Author 
concludes that UFOs  are interplanetary vehicles and  that the world governments 
with technical know-how also believe this to be the answer. 

Tacker,  Lawrence J.  Flying !Jaucers and the u. s.  Air Force.  Princeton,  N, J. , 

Van  Nostrand,  1960.  164  p. 

.\uthor,  !1 former UNAF  piblic information officer on  UFOs,  dlscusses UFO 
sightings reported to Aerosi-.ce Technical Intelligence Center (Project Blue 
Book),  Wright  Patterson Air Force Base,  from Summer 1947 through Summer 
1960 in attemit to demonstrate that,  in general,  they were?  misinterpretations 
of known objects.  He  also gives history of  USAF's research effort m•.o  UFO 
J,ilenomena,  including Project Saucer and P:roject Ol'Udge. 

Tyler,  Steven.  Are the invaders com!ng?  New York,  Tower Publications,  1968. 

139  p. 

Survey of  basic UFO literature such as Edward Ruppelt's wi•ltings,  and 
extracts from the publications of  NICAP and APRO.  Supports the "Air F .irce 
conspiracy" hypothesis. 

"UFOs"--they're back in new sizes,  shapes,  colors.  U. s.  news  & world report, 

v.  61,  Aug.  22,  1966:  59-60. 

Of 1966  UFO  sightings,  USAF  officials say:  (l)  more variety in sizes and shapes 
is reported;  (2)  there are lights of all kinds  c~:ieomita.'lt with sightings;  (3) 
UFOs  seem to be  noisier than in the JBSt;  (4) appearance of objects allegedly 
seen during daylight hours is invariably that of some llght-t.'.c.lored metal; 
(5)  movement of reported UFOs continues to be erratic; (6)  no  "little green 
men" have appearod;  (7)  sightings have been concenti-a•ed more in the 
northeastern u. s.  than  in the past; and (8)  objects ex.JU.bit  apparent tendency 
to follow  power lines. 

U.S.  Air Force.  Aids to identification of flying objects.  Washington,  D. C.,  U. s. 

Govt.  Print.  Off. ,  1968.  35  p. 

Introduction  is a  brief history of UFO  reports and  studies and  provides some 
information on  scientific observations and analyses; the section  "Aids to 
Identification of  Flyin~ Objects" gives in-depth information on flying  objects 
and  natural phenomena;  the "Questions and Answers" section responds to 
many of  the questions commonly asked about  UFOs. 

U.S.  Air Force.  Air Materiel Command.  Unidentified aerial objects;  Project 

Sign.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson Air  F.:>rce  Base,  1949,  35  p. 
(Its Technical  Report No.  F-TR-2274-IA} 

Descriptive and analytical study of  243  domestic and  30 foreign  reported  UFO 
sightings between 1947  and 1948.  Individual cases are described in  brief 
form  as an appendix.  Methods  and  reasoning applied in evaluating data are 
presented.  Project Sign  was initiated by  the  Technical Intelligence Division, 
Air Materiel Command,  on  January 22,  1948. 

----- Unidentified flying  objects;  Project Grudge.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson 

Air Force  Base,  1949,  366  p.  (Its Technical Report No.  102-AC  49/15100) 

Report discus.ies in full the history of Project Grudge,  the  problems en-
countereci,  aart the .Pl'ocedures follow~ in the investigation and evaluation 
of reports of unidentified flying objects through January 1949. 

u. s.  Air Force.  Air Technical Intt:lll!ience Center.  Special !'eport no.  14. 

(Atl2'lysis  of  reportS 01  unW·critifl 
Patter.son Air Force Base1  1955.  308  p.  Project no.  10073. 

aerial objects.)  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wrj~ht­

Results of 1953  study of  UFOs  uy  committee chaired by H. P.  RobertEon, 
theoretical physicist at California. Institute of Technology.  Examination of 
distributions of important character~&tfo& of sightings and study of sightings 
evaluated as "unknown" led to  conclusion that a combination of f2.ctors, 
principally the reported maneuvers of the objects and the unavailability of 
supplemental data such as aircraft flight  plans or balloon-launching records, 
resulted in failure to  identify as "knowns" most of the reports of objects 
classified as "unknowns. " 

~1. S.  Air  Force.  Scientific Advisory  Board.  Ad Hoc  (0' Brien) Committee to 

review Project Blue  Book.  Special report.  Washington,  D. C. ,  1966.  10  p. 

In order that the present USAF  UFO  investigatilln program be  strengthened to 
provide opportunity for scientific investigation of selected sightings in greater 
de}th and detail than had been  possib1.e to date,  it was recomm~ded that:  (A) 
contracts be negotiated with a few  selected universities to  provide scientific 
teams to invest..igate  pi•omptly and in d~pth certain selected UFO sightings; 
(B) at each AFSC  base,  ::in officer skilled in  investigation should be designated 
to work with the corresponding university team for that geographical sect:ion; 
(C)  one unlve1'sity or one noi:-for"profit organization should be selected to 
coordinate the work of the teams mentioned under  (A)  above,  and also to  make 
certain of  cfose communication and coordination with Project Blue  Book. 

U.S.  Congress.  House.  Commi;±ee on  Armed Services.  Unidentified flying objects. 
waslifiigiOn,  U:-S.GoVt  Print.  Off.,  1966.  84  p.  (89th Cong.,  2d  sess.  House. 
Report D'J.  55) 
Information concerning U. s.  Ail' Force activities in the area of reported 
unidentified flying  objects. 

Webster,  Robert N.,  and John C.  Ross.  Air Force report on  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  12, 

Feb.  1959:  54-66. 

Critique of  USAF's Special Report No.  14,  originally issued on  May  5,  1955, 
summarizing its investigations of unidentified fiy!ng  obje~ts through July 31,  1958. 

What the Air Force believes about flying saucers.  Fate,  v.  2,  Nov.  1949:  69-83. 

Digest of official report of studies made by  Project Saucer of the Air Materiel 
Command,  Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,  Ohio.  Incidents involving 
Kenneth Arnold  (June 24,  1947),  Capt.  Thomas  F.  Mantell  (Jan.  7,  1948), 
Eastern Air Lines pilots Cai;:t.  C. s.  Chiles and John B. Whitted(July 194l1), 
and North Dakota National Guard Lt.  George F.  Gorman  (Oct.  1,  1948)  ar~ 
discussed. 

===============================================
ANCIENT RECORDS 


Adamski's hieroglyJitics.  Flying sauc~r review,  v.  8,  Jan, -Feb.  1962:  7-8. 

Report of discovery by Prcl.  Marcel F.  Homet in north~rn Brazil of boulder 
with  engraved symbols bearirag a striking resemblance to those allegedly 
given Adanaski on  a  Jiiotograi;ilic  plate by a  Venusian. 

Allen,  W.  Gordon.  Spacecraft over Mexico.  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  Mar. -

Apr.  1959:  16-19. 

in the conquest of Mexico was the ruler's preoccupation with  the 

Author postulates that one of the reasons Cortez had such an easy victory over 
Montllzuma 
predicted return of Quetza.lcoa.tl--an extraterrestrial.  He also quotes writings 
from  the archives of the Aztec  priesthood on  early cataclysms and on 
phenomena that may have beE:n  UF'O appearances. 

Ancient records of  UFO  ir.  Japan.  Australian saucer record,  v.  2,  June 1962: 

15-17. 

Material in ancient Japanese history books that may be interpreted as meaning 
that earth has had extraterrestrial ~sitors from the very earliest times is 
listed in chronological order from  637-1714 A.  D.  Reprinted from  Flying 
Saucer News  of Ja}lln published by the Cosmic Brotherhood Association. 

Belgische UFO-Waarnemingen.  Het interplanetair nieuwsbulletin,  v.  2,  Oct. -Nov. -

Dec.  1967:  3-7. 

List of  UFO  sightings over Belgium 1575-1967.  City where sighting occurred 
and description of object are included, 

Boncom}llgni,  Solas.  Ath•alita'  del mito di Osiris.  Clypeus,  v.  5,  Feb.  1968: 

9-12. 

According to legend,  the Egyptian god Osiris came to earth from the heavens 
in a  vehicle whose description was  similar to that of the "flying saucer." 

Creighton,  Gordon,  A Russian  wallrainting and other "spacemen. "  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  11,  July-At1g.  1965:  11-14. 

Discussion of artifacts,  drawings,  and images which are said by some to 
portray extraterrestrial visitors who  landed on earth long ago. 

Dikshitar,  V. R.  Ramachandra.  Aerial and  naval warfare.  In War in ancient 
India,  Madras,  Bombay,  Calcutta,  and  London,  Macmillan and Co. ,  1944. 
p.  275-298, 

The "8amarangana Sutradhara" (circa 11th century) is quoted,  where scme 230 
stanzas are devoted to the various types of space equipmmt then tn  use.  "It 
is said that in an aerial car one can  mount up to the Suryamondala or solar 
region and to the Naksatra maPda!a or stellar region.  They are said to move 
so fast as to make a noise·that muld  be  heard from  the ground." 

Drake,  W.  Raymond.  Did UFOs  stop a war?  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Mar. -

Apr.  1963~ 13-14. 

In 776 A. D. ,  an  event that may  be  interpreted as intervention by UFOs  ~s 
chronicled by an unknown  French monk in the Annales  Laurissenses and 
paralleled by the Annales  Egif11\.ardi  compiled bY Ab&>t  Einhiid,  biographer 
of Charlemagne: durLig the siege of Slgiburg by the Saxons,  two  large shields, 
reddish in color,  appeared above the church causing the Saxons to flee in 
panic. 

-----Gods or spacemen?  Amherst,  Wis.,  Amherst Press,  1964.  176  p. 

Author sur,gests i;~ .. t  present theology may be based on false premises since 
the exper'.ences and vb!,.,ns of saints are phenomena that might be associated 
with  UFOs  and their extraterrestrial crews.  He  reviews the mythological and 
religious traditions of the countries of the world to demonstrate worldwide 
"race memories" of spacemen visiting earth.  He  suggests that terrestrial 
destruction in ages iast may have  been caused by inte1•planetary warfare 
rather than by collision of celestial bodies with earth. 

----- Space gods of ancient Britain.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  July-Aug.  1965: 

15-17. 

Examination of the history and mythology  of the ancient Britons for indications 
of visitations from  extraterrestrial beings. 

----- Siacemen in antiquity,  Sunderland,  England,  The Author,  196-

l v. 

Typescript is composed of the following  mcnographs: Spacemen  in  Antiquity; 
UFOs over Anci~nt Rome;  Space Gods  of  Ancient Britain; Spacemen in  Saxon 
Times;  UFOs  Fought for Charlemagne; Spacemen  in  Norman Times; A Bricie 
from Space; Siacemen in  the Middle Ages;  Spacemen  in  Ancient India;  Siacemen 
in  Old Tlbet; Siacemen in Old  China;  Siacemen in Old  Jaian; Semiramis, 
Space-Qt·een  of Babylon. 

-----Spacemen in  the  Middle  Ages.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  May-June 1964: 

11-13. 

Chronicles from the Middle Ages are cited antl reveal that throughout that 
period the belief pe1'aisted in  beings from  the  skies who  were keeping  earth 
under surveillance. 

----- Srecemen in Norman  times.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr.  1966: 

17-19. 

Ancient historical writings in  France are interpreted in terms of  UFO  phenomena. 

-----Spacemen in Saxon  times.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Sept. -Oct.  1964: 

10-12. 

References in  Anglo-Saxon literature to phenomena tha.t  might corr~spond to 
appearances of UFOs and their extraterrestrial crews are listed. 

-----Spacemen in the ancient East.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1968. 

Traditions are cited whrch tell of "supermen" from the skies,  ''Divine 
Dynasties," who  ruled on  earth in India,  Tibet,  China,  Japan,  an.:l :.Jabylonia. 

----- UFOs  over ancient Rome.  Flyblg saucer review,  v.  9,  Jan. -Feb.  1963: 11-13. 

Passages from the works of classical historre.ns  that may record visits to earth 
of extraterrestrial spacecraft are cited. 

Drury,  Neville.  Flying ships in  "Oahspe."  AuRtralian flying  saucer review,  no.  9, 

Nov.  1966:  40-41. 

Pasmges from Oahspe are cited that would seem to describe spa.cecraft of 
extraterrestrial origin. 

Enoch and other cosmonauts; Soviet theories.  Time,  v.  75,  Feb.  22,  1960:  26. 

Evans,  Gordon  H.  UFOs  in history and myth.  Science a.'ld  mechanics,  v.  38 1 

Feb,  1967:  52-55,  86,  88,  90, 

Survey of  references to  unexpla: 
through the 19th century.  Simil...rities between ancient and modern accounts 
are noted.  Author suggests that mythology and the literature of the supernatural 
(including the Irish leprechaun)  may have been derived from  contact between 
human  and extratei-restrial beings. 

,d aerial phenomena from  Biblical times 

Farish,  Lucius.  Myths,  legends,  and  UFO~.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Nov. -

Dec.  1965:  19-21. 

Author cites  possible references to the  UFO  phenomenon found  in  Rushton M. 
Dorman's treatise on  Ame.r.ican  Indian  mythology and folklore,  The Origin of 
Primitive Superstitions,  published in 1881. 

Hansen,  L.  Taylor.  He  walked the Americas.  Amherst,  Wisc.,  Amherst Press, 

1963.  256  p. 

A collection of American Indian  legends lhat refer to a  saintly teacher who 
performed  miracles of  healing,  and who  may  have been an extraterrestrial. 

Helland,  Albert E.  They caught a  spaceman.  Fate,  v.  ll,  Mar.  1958:  62. 

Author quotes from  ancient manuscript to  cite instance when  an  apparently 
extraterrestrial being was captured and  released during the 13th century. 

Homet,  Marcel.  Sons of  the  sun.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1963.  239  p, 

Chlefiy reporting oo  an archeological expedition to the Amazon,  the book 
describes 10, 000-year-old symbols discovered there that are deeply-
engraved in rock and almost identical to the symbols on  the photographic 
plate allegedly dropped by a  Venusian scoutship over George Adamski's 
home in California on December 13,  1952. 

Kazantsev,  Aleksandr.  Vizitnye  kartochi s  stru.  (Calling rards from  other planetF?) 

Tekhnika molodezhi,  no,  1,  1967:  22-25. 

Author suggests there are traces on  earth of the inssage of  extraterrestrial 
beings in the form of f'lintlngs on  rocks,  with  special note of the Dogu 
statuettes that were found  in northern Jainn; these are di5cussed in detail. 
It is suggested that they  represent visitors from outer space dressed in 
their since suits. 

Knaggs,  Oliver.  Let the people know.  Cape Town,  South Africa,  Howard  Timmins, 

1966,  113  p. 

References to flying saucers that go  back as 
to "prove" that flying  saucers are not sometr. 
Author concludes that there are definite gr~u1··.:.~ for  believing military 
authorities are keeping details of  UFO  activiti~s from the  public to avoid 
possible innie since there are so  many factors they  cannot themselves explain. 

as the 14th century are cited 
f  the present generation, 

Lambert,  Richard S.  Flying saucers--their lurid inst.  Saturday night,  v.  67, 

May 10,  1952:  9,  18, 

Historical records of  UFO  manifestations from 1662 are surveyed. 

Larson,  Kenneth.  The discovery of the graphic  message of Goodhue.  Los Angeles, 

The Author,  1968,  30  p. 

The Great Pyramid architect incorporated geometrical and engineering designs 
seemingly concerned with the coming of the since age and increasing UFO 
activity,  the author suggests.  He  gives a  detailed explanation of how  he 
reached this conclusion. 

-----The Great Pyramid a  UFO  beacon?  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  31-33. 

Author cites inssages in the Ro~l Annals of  Pharoah Thutmose III (1483-
1450  B. C.) that record  the visi  of a fleet of  unidentified flying  objects to 
Egypt,  Since the Great Pyramid was  in  existence at  that time,  he  speculates 
on  whether it was built as a  monument or to reflect beams of sunlight into 
since to attract the attention of  extraterrestrial visitors. 

Ledger,  Joseph R.  Saucers or ghosts?  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Sept. -Oct, 

1962:  19-20. 

Article suggests that in the days before flying  mr,chines were considered 
posslble,  the rationalization employed to accomodate the inexplicable took 
an occult form.  Old legends are examined to determine whether the form 
in which they now  appea.t·  is really the  result of such  a fanciful  embroidery 
of an  actual UFO sighting i11  the  remote past. 

Lesli~,  De~::io1'd and George Adarr.ski.  Flying saucers have landed.  London, 

Werner  Laurie,  1953.  232  p. 

Account of contact by Adamski with a  landed extraterrestrial spacecraft 
and a  meeting with a  man from  Venus on  Nov.  20,  1952,  near Desert 
Center,  Calif.  Photographs of  spacecraft.  Review of  material from old 
manuscripts referring to  sightings of  unidenti!ie~ objects flying through 
the air. 

J...ovitch,  A.  UFOs--science or sorcery?  Engineering digest,  v.  61,  Feb.  1967: 

29-34. 

Historical reports of strange aerial phenomena from  45, 000  B. C.  to 
1952 are cited.  Postulating that centuries of  recorded reports must 
reflect response to unknown  phenomena that deserve scientific study, 
the author discusses feasibility  of flying  saucers from  proIXJlsion, 
structural,  and biological tolerance  points of view. 

Michell,  John  F.  The flying  saucer vision:  the holy grail restor~.  London, 

Sidgewick & Jackson,  1967.  176  p. 

Establishes the  existence in  the }.llSt of a ilying saucer cult and examines 
its origins.  Suggests some of the ways in  which the current revival of our 
belief in these objects is likely to affect us in  the years to come.  Postulates 
that it is essential that the true basis of  mythology  be  recognized and the 
origins of  our  civilization examined in the light of what we  can now  suspect 
of  extraterrestrial influences in  the past. 

Miller,  Max  B.  Flying saucers,  fact or fiction?  Los Angeles,  Trend Books, 

1957.  12 8  p. 

Survey of  references to UFOs  in  literature from  earliest written records 
t" 1957  and  state-of-the-art review of  research relating to subject. 
Non-technical. 

Misraki,  Paul.  Les extraterrestres,  par  Paul Thomas  1 pseud.  1•  Paris,  Plan, 

1962.  224  p. 

Develops  hypothesis that from  earliest antiquity to modern times,  extra-
terrestrial beings have kept earth under  surveillance,  have  at times visited 
this planet,  and have frequently  modified the course of history by  means of 
spectacular appearances,  Cites biblical  p:;issages  and ancient manuscripts. 
First English edition  translated by Gavin Gibbons and  published unde.r  title 
Flying Saucers Through the Ages  (London,  Neville Spearman,  1965). 

Moseley,  James W.  Peruvian desert:  map for  saucers?  Fate,  v.  8,  Oct.  1955: 

28-33. 

Describes complex markings recently discovered on the desert near Nasca, 
Peru,  by airliners passing over the  area,  Markings may be 1, 000 years old 
and are clearly visible and meaningful only from  the air.  It is speculated 
that they  may have  been  constructed as signals to  interplanetary visitors or 
to some advanced earth race that occasionally visited the  peoples of the 
region  in an aircraft. 

The official guide to  UFOs:  a  special Science  &  Mech.1.nics  news book.  New York, 

Science  & Mechanics  Publishing Co. ,  1968.  96  p. 

Contents:  UFO:  Theories of  Flight; The Mysterious 12  (most unusual 
sightings of a decade];  The Scientist and the UFO;  Ithaca's Terrifying UFO 
Epidemic; What Happened at Wanaque,  N. J. ? ;  Complete Directory of 
UFOs;  UFOs  in  Histo1-y  and Myth, 

Oge-Make.  Tribal memories of the flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  2,  Sept.  1949: 

17-21. 

Navajo Indian  legend of city built in  caverns of  Panamint Mountains  (Calif.) 
by beings who  arrived in  silver spacecraft centuries before the  coming of the 
white  man  and who are believed to  still dwell there. 

Pinotti,  Roberto.  Space visitors in  ancient Egypt.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12, 

May-June 1966:  16-18, 

Author  suggests that ancient records such as the  Tulli  papyrus  (part of  the 
royal annals of  Pharoah Thutmose III,  1483-1450  B.C.) seem to indicate 
that extraterrestrial creatures visited earth in  the  past and that most of 
our religions and  mythologies were originated by deification  of  these 
space visitors • 

-----.  Space visitors in  ancient Egypt.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1966:  18-19. 

Author quotes  excerpts from  the papers of  Professor Alberto Tulli,  former 
director of the  museum  of the Vatican.  Tulli says the  Royal Annals of the 
Pharoah Thutmose m (1483-1450  B, C.) reveal that unknown  objects with the 
same characteristicsas the so-called flying  saucers of  today were often  seen 
in  the skies of  Egypt in  those days. 

Voorname  Kronologie,  Hel interplanetair nieuwsbulletin,  June 1966:  1-6. 

Chro!lology of  UFO sightings 8:1, 000  B. C.  - 1966, 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  Flying saucers on  the 3.ttack.  New  York,  Citadel  Press, 

1954.  329  p. 

Author traces reports of  cosmic visitors !::i earth's skies as far back as 729 
A. D.  Conjectures t.hat  sir&!stcr or brJstile  Lrr:~s of  unknown  inte::.·planetary 
origin may act to keep space explo1·ers from  earth well within limits of 
substratosphere.  London  ed.  has title:  Flying Saucers from  the Moon. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  1, 000 years of flyin~ saucers.  Fate,  v.  4,  Apr.  1951:  23-30. 

Accounts are reported from  archives of the British Royal Scciety,  med11~val 
chronicler$.,  17th  century astronomers'  epheme.-ides.  and from  rare volumes 
in Latin of strange lights and flying objects seen in the sky for  the pa.st l, 25Q 
years. 

WilU.amson,  George H\mt.  Other tongues--other n~sh.  Amherst,  Wis. ,  Amherst 

Press,  1952.  448  p. 

Author affirms that extraterrestrial visitors have been  coming to earth in 
spacecraft for several mill"'nia and  quotes references to them  in  the  Bible, 
ancient mythology,  and old  documents.  He  relates technological and 
sociological  progress on  earth to influence  of  space intelliget·~.es and cites 
references  from  latest authenticated  UFO  sightings to  support theory that 
visitors from  space are now  making themselves known  to the Wllfld as a 
whole  to lead mankind to a  new,  enllghtened age. 

-----.  Road  in  the sky.  London,  N.  Spearman,  1959.  248  p. 

Develops hypothesis that there is a coooection  between  the flying  ~::iucerEi of 
the  past and  present and the legends of  mankind that attempt to  explain God 
and the supernatural.  Cites instances of  past ext.rat'?rrestrial  visitations 
recorded in  legends and  myths  of ancient civilizations and the American 
Indians. 

Zaitsev,  Vyacheslav.  Visitors from  outer since.  Sputnik,  v.  1,  Jap,,  1967: 

162-179. 

Author reports on  thirty years  of  research to  .;ubstantiate th~ory that 
intelligent beings from  outer space have  had contact with earth.  Among evidence 
cited are hieroglyphics deciphered by  Chinese archeologist revealing that 
extraterrestrial spacecraft landed on  earth 12, 000  years ago;  legends sup-
porting information  in  the hieroglyphics and vestiges of  graves and  skeletons 
that  serm to  confirm the  legc1:.is;  myths,  biblical  passages,  and apocrypha( 
legends; and frescoes dating fr:m1  1350  at Dechaney  Monastery,  Yugoslavia. 

============================================================
ANGEL  HAIR 

"'ottage,  Barrie.  Ring  clouds  and  angel  hai.'.  Flying saucei:  "eview,  v.  IO, 

May-June 1964:  14-16. 

Listing of  unusual  cloud formati0n  sightings that may  have  a  coor.ection  wilh 
UFO  pheno.nenon.  An  instance  of  the  fall  o[  "angel  hair" is  cited. 

Sharp,  Peter  F.  Angel  hair.  Flying saucer review,  v.  I~,  Jan-Feb.  1964: 

14-15. 

Reports of appearance of  "angel hair"--c;fte.1 accompanying UFO  phenomena--
are examined for e'lidence of a connection with the life  cycle  of  the  spider. 

Webster,  Robert N.  Things that fall from  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  ll,  Oct.  1958:  25-31. 

Discussion of falls from  the  sky of cobweb-like material callee, "angel hair, " 
and speculation on !ts orig'..n. 

=============================================
BASES 


Fouere~ Rene.  Existe-i-11 des bases sous-marines de  soucoupes volantes? 

Phenomenes spatiaux,  Feb.  1965:  16-25. 

Lists instances 1845-19w where Jisc-like or wheel-like glowing objects were 
seen entering the ocean,  jn or on  the  oceans,  or leaving the oceans.  Gives 
reasons the ocean depths would  be ideal flying  saucer bases. 

Ormond,  Ron. 

ls Siam a secret base for flying  saucers?  Flying saucers,  May 

1959:  51-56. 

Story is told of big fiery wheels that come out of the  sl;.y  and land near the 
vmage of the  La.bus,  an  aboriginal tribe inhabiting the  northern sector of 
Thailand. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  More about UFOs  and the sea.  Flying raucer review,  "·  11, 

Nov. -Dec.  1965:  17-18. 

Author summarizes events which may  indicate underwater reconnai!!'sance 
by UFOs  oi submarine bases. 

-----.  UFOs  and  the sea.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Hov. -Dec.  1964:  8-10. 

Account of strange happenings  at sea that might support hypothesh that the 
bodies  'lf water covering three-quarters of  euth's surface are providing a 
hiding  place for  UFOs. 

Steiger,  Brad and  Joan Whritenour.  Unidentified underwater saucei s.  Saga, 

v.  36,  June 1968:  34-37,  54-57. 

Instances arc cited in  which  UFOs  seen hovermg over oceans,  l.akes,  and 
rivers have submerged in the water.  It is suggested that t'le ohjects may 
ha·1e  unde.:.-v;ater  ''bases. " 

=================================================
CARTOONS  

books of Binder,  Otto o.  Our space age.  New York,  Bell-McClure Syndicate,  1965-1968. 

Series of  cartoons and  illustrations of worldwide  UFO  repot'ls,  both current 
and  past,  covering the  period Seitember 27,  1965-May 13,  1968. 

Farris,  Joseph.  UFO--ho ho!  New York,  PoJUlar Library,  1968,  90 p. 

Selected UFO  cartoons by  J oseiit Furls. 

Menzel,  Donald H.  Meet the Martians.  n. p.,  1965. 

p.  220-223. 

Doodles,  in color,  of "creatures and their associates"  representing "some 
form  of  extraterrestrial I.Ile,  most probably from Mars."  Reprinted from 
The graduate  journa_!,  v.  7,  Winter 19C5:  220-233. 

==================================================
CENSORSHIP 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Dec.  1959:  22-29. 

Tells how  Long  John Nebel Show in  New York was ordered cut off the air 
during discussion of fiying saucers by  Gray  Barker,  James Moseley,  and 
Jonah ibn Aharon. 

Bryant,  Larry W.  A hard look at UFO  news  management.  Fate,  v.  17,  Feb.  1964~ 

41-44. 

. 

Author asserts that "paper curtain" around  UFO  news includes the local as 
well as national level. 

The  UFO  cover-up at Langley Air Force Base,  Flying saucers,  June 

1968:  11-14. 

Author  describes UFO sighting at Langley  AFB on  Jan.  28,  1~~5,  by  respon-
sible witnesses and alleged Air  Force failure  to  investigate the  incident,  and 
subsequent alleged misrepresentations. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Censorship and  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  12,  Sept.  1959:  47-52. 

Author gives examples of  "latest techniques" for suppressing UFO  reports: 
(1)  numerous conflicting solutions are offered tc cases which  have  been  given 
widespread publicity,  thereby confusing the  public;  (2)  pressure is applied to 
officials of the agency employing an alleged witness to ask the witness to 
keep quiet about  UFO  sighting;  (3)  Congressmen requesting available informa-
tion about the  UFO  phenomenon are given  "a brush-off to the effect that 
everything adds up to nothing. " 

Edwards,  Frank.  Flying saucers,  serious business.  New York,  Lyle Stuart, 

Inc. ,  1966.  319  p. 

Report on  worldwide sightings of UFOs  and  attack on"veil of secrecy"  that 
governments of the world have drawn around the matter.  Data cited 
authenticated by NICAP. 

Frank Edward~' report:  Do you  still believe  in flying saucers?  Fate, 

v.  13,  .June 1960:  27-34. 

Author cites instances where military and  scientific authorities attemited 
to discredit the subject of  UFOs  through ridicule. 

Frank Edwards'  rt!port:  is the  UFO  "curtain" lifting?  Fate,  v.  11,  June 

1958:  47-54. 

Cites instances of apparent suppression of  UFO  news by the Air Force and 
analyzes cunent official actions that seem to indicate  it change in  policy. 

Frank Edwards'  report:  some answers to the saucer.  Fate,  v.  11,  July 

1958:  45-51. 

Author outlines several IXlSSible  reasons that the  Air Force has remained silent 
on  the  question of the reality of  UFO  activity.  He  postulates that there is 
official recognition of the  phenomenon although  such recognition  is denied 
JXIblicly. 

The  plot to  silence me.  Fate,  v.  10,  June 1957:  17-23. 

Author claims that in  August 1954  he was fired from  his  job as news  com-
mentator for the  Mutual  Broadcasting System because the  president of the 
sponsoring organization  (AFL)  said he  ''talked too  much  about flying  saucers." 
He  says he  was  later offered a  well-paid job by  the  Pentagon  "to silence him." 

The spies from  outer space.  Real,  v.  5,  Nov.  1954:  20-21,  58-60. 

Evidence  is given  by the author to support his belief that a  ''blanket of 
silence" imposed by the Government  is preventing the  public from  getting all 
the  fact~ about unidentified flying objects.  He  also suggests that flying  saucers 
are ex'£raterrestrial and engaged in  reconnaissance activities. 
' 

To  see or not to  see.  In  his My  first 10, 000, 000  sponsors.  New  York, 

Ballantine Books,  1956.  p.  110-125. 

Reports are given  of  UFO  sightings 1947-1954  by  apparently reliable witnesses, 
especially  airlines  pilots,  and  subsequent apparent "muzzling'' of witnesses 
and suppression of news  stories ostensibly by  a Government agency. 

Fitch,  C. W.  UFOs  and Goven:mental secrecy.  Saucer n~ws, v.  n,  Dec.  1964: 

16-18. 

Postulates that it is not the  U.S.  Air Force but  "a small group very high  up 
jn  the government" that is keeping UFO  information from the  I"blic. 

Hall,  Richard.  Is there a veil of  secrecy around the flying  saucers?  Flying saucers 

from other worlds,  June 1957:  51-56. 

Author  postulates that although  individuals continue to  sight UFOs,  the  press 
remains silent and the Air Force tries to conviree ·the  public  it is all 
imaginatlon. 

Keel,  John A.  The  "silencers" at work.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr. 

1967:  10. 

Col.  George  P.  Freeman,  Pentagon  spokesman for  Project Blue Book,  is 
alleged to  have  said in a  press interview that "mysterious men dressed in 
Air Force uniforms  or bearing impressive credentials from  government 
agencies have  been  'silencing'  UFO witnesses."  Similar mystery men  have 
reportedly turned up and  confronted UFO  witnesses in the states of Washington, 
Texas,  Connecticut,  and on  Long Island,  N. Y. 

Keyhoe,  Donald  F.  Flying saucers:  menace or myth?  Argosy,  v.  350,  June 

1960:  17,  80-83. 

Author states that for 13 y  us,  USAF  has  maintained officially that reports of 
UFOs  are the  result of  delusions and hoaxes,  with no  solid basis whatsoeveir. 
He  purports to expose this cover-up policy by  making  I"blic official  USAF 
documents,  including Regulation  200~2 and a  directive referring to UFOs  as 
"serious business.·· 

Flying saucers:  top secret.  New  York,  Putnam,  1960:  283  p. 

Evidence on  UFO sightings  presented by  NICAP  to  individual Congressmen 
and committee chairmen in attempt to secure open  Congressional hearings 
on  subject.  Details of NICAP  efforts to exp.lse  alleged Air  Force .::ensor-
ship of information  on  subject.  NI CAP documents cited in support of  these 
views. 

Lasco,  Jack.  Has the Air Force captured a  flying  saucer?  Saga,  Apr.  1967: 

18-~~'  ~7-68,  70-74. 

Available  information on  alleged sighting of  landed oval-shaped UFO  by 
policeman  Lonnie Zamora near Socorro,  New  Mexico,  on  April  24,  1964; 
alleged sighting of  oval-shaped UFO  near La  Madera,  New  Mexico,  by 
Orlando Gallegos on  April  26;  and  radio message from  an  RB-57  bomber 
pilot from  Stallion Site  011  April  30  reporting a  landed egg-shaped  UFO  is 
detailed.  Author suggests that USAF  censorship has  prevented release of 
full and accurate descriptions of incidents. 

Lear,  John.  The disputed CIA  document on  UFOs.  Saturday review,  Sept.  3,  1966: 

45-50. 

Discussion of  quMtions raised by CIA  editing of the Robertson panel minutes 
before the document was declassified.  It is suggested that vital information 
of long-range si~ificance regarding possible visits to earth by extraterrestrial 
S!llCecraft may nave been withheld for strategic reasons. 

Scully~  Frank.  Behind the flying saucers.  New York,  Henry Holt,  1950.  230  p. 

Presents information to support position that UFOs  are real and that official 
disclaimers of their existence by DOD  are calculated to deceive the  public. 
Published also in British edition  (London,  Gollancz,  1950). 

Steiger,  Brad.  What µice silence?  Flying saucers,  June 1968:  31. 

A  private citizen investigates  an alleged UFO  landing and is given a  piece of 
metal that supposedly fell from  the machine.  The metal sample is taken away 
from him during a visit by what seemed to be representatives of  "the men  in 
black." 

Steiger,  Brad and Joan Whritenour.  Flying saucers !Xlnic  U.S.  airlines.  Saga, 

v.  36,  Aug.  1968:  33-35,  82-84,  86,  88-90. 

Newark Star-Leciger reporter John Lester quotes a  pilot as saying that any 
pilot who did not maintain  maximum secrecy after sighting a  UFO  was subject 
to a  possible 10 years in  prison and a  fine  of  $10, 000.  Organization of the 
Volunteer Flight Officer's Network which includes  68  airlines,  50 of which 
are outside the U. s.,  is mentioned;  memher crewmen would attempt to 
amass ';>hotographic  evidence of  UFOs. 

White House is hiding the truth about flying saucers.  Midnight,  v.  14,  May  20, 

1968:  14-15. 

Unnamed "UFO expert" states that the flying saucer mystery has  been solved 
but that the U. N.  and "'orld heads of  state have entered a  conspiracy of 
silence,  releasing as little information to the  public  i.1.s  possible. 

Young,  Mort.  UFO: 

156  p. 

top secret,  New  York  [Essandess Special Editions]  1967, 

Author relies heavily on  official documents to present "a convincing 
account of  how  for two  decades the United States Government caused you  and 
me to believe that  people who  saw unidentified flying objects were mistaken 
or were fools  or were charlatans. " 

=======================================
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 

Davidson,  Leon.  ECM  +CIA='  UFO.  FlyJng saucer review,  v.  6,  Mar.  Apr. 

1960:  9-12. 

Author  p01:;tnlates that UFO  r:.henomena are created by the CIA as part of  the 
cold war and explains techniques that could be •.ts~d to produce "authentic" 
radar sightings of U!"Os. 

An  open lettel' to saucer researchers.  Flying saucers,  no.  FS-24, 

Mar.  1962:  36-51. 

Author  states what  he  believes  to  be  the true explanation of  the  UFO phenom-
enon:  "The Central Intelligence Agency ... took over the  public image of the 
'flying saucer'  created by  secret flights  of U.S.  aircraft and artificial meteor 
research,  etc.,  during the period 1947-48.  By  W50,  the CIA  had set in motion 
a plan  encouraging public  belief in interplanetary  travel through  a psycho-
logical technique of 1:.uiding the  release of planted information,  ordering se-
cret tests of  authentic military developments whi.ch  gave  misleading :lmpres-
sic:'s  to  observers,  etr..  CIA  delegated the Air  Force to act as the official 
"investigator" to stave off public  inquiry.  It secredy sponsored the formation 
of saucer study groups and  contact clubs,  including NICAP ... The  CIA set up 
many  saucer publishers,  sponsored the publicizing of Adamski's books  and 
others,  and sponsored the  wave  of saucer articles in  1952  in  'Life'  and  'Look,' 
etc.  The CIA  also condttcted  the  hoaxes  played upon  Adamski and  Fry,  in-
cluding Adamski's desert contacts,  his 'train disappearance,'  etc. ,  in ad-
dition to other activities of this nature. 

Why  I believe Adamski.  Flying saucers,  Feb,  1959:  38-46. 

Author  postulates that the C. I. A.  or its subsidiaries were involved in 
"causing" the Adamski contacts,  and that the  extraterrestrial "Brothers" 
were agents  or operatives of these agencies.  Adamski,  subject of  a CIA-
engineered hoax,  was honestly and  sincerely reporting what he  was told, 
the author believes. 

Why  I believe Adamski.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  Jan. - Feb.  1960: 

3-8. 

Author suggests that Adamski was  sincere in  his reports of  ~ontact with 
extraterrestrial spacecraft and  their crews but was  victim  of  deception 
perpetrated by CIA  as a  mo\e in the  cold war. 

Lear,  John.  The  disputed CIA  document on  UFOs,  Saturday review,  Sept.  3, 

1966:  45-50. 

Discussion of  questions  raised b-· CIA  editing of  the  Robertson  panel 
minutes  before the document ·vas dt:ciassified.  It is suggested that vital 
information  of long-range significance rt:!garding  possible visits to  earth 
by extraterrestrial spacecraft may  have  been  withheld for strategic 
l'easons. 

=======================================================
CONTACT CLAIMS 

Adamski.  Centro unico nazionale per lo  studio del fenomeni  ritenuti di natura 

extraterrestre.  Notlziario,  no.  5,  1967:  2-7. 

Summary of the claims made by George Adamskl regarding his encounter with 
flying  saucers and their crews and  of  the controversy surrounding the truth 
of his allegations. 

Adamski,  George.  Flying saucers farewf'11,  London,  New  York,  Abelard-

Schuman,  1961.  190  p. 

Adamski discusses the reasons spacecraft from  other planets are visiting 
earth and  man's place in  the  unive.rse as allegedly  revealed to him 
through contact with beings from  Venus,  Mars  and Saturn.  Published also 
with title Behind the  Flying Saucer Myst~ by  Paperback Libral'y (53-439), 
New York. 

Iuside the  spaceships.  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman,  1955.  256  p. 

Account of alleged physical contact and  comm~nication with beings from  Venus, 
Mars,  and Saturn.  _Descriptions  of trips  in extraterrestrial spacecraft.  Photo~ 
graphs and diagrammatic drawings. 

Albanesi,  Renato.  The Italian scene:  Signor Si:ragusa's  message.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  9,  Jan. -Feb.  1963:  3-5. 

Report of alleged contact bv  Eugenio Siragusa with  extraterrestrial beings from 
UFO  on  Apr.  30,  1962,  and  Sept.  5,  1962,  in  Catania,  Sicily.  Communication 
was by  mental telepathy.  Information  in  article first aµpeared  in  Oct.  28,  1962, 
issue of  Domenica del Corriere. 

Allingham,  Cedric.  Flying saucer from  Mars.  New York,  British Book Center, 

1955.  153  p. 

Report of  UFO  landing  Feb.  18,  1954,  near Lossiemouth,  North Scotland, 
and author's alleged contact with a  Martian. 

Angelucci,  Orfeo M.  The secret of the  saucers.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Amherst Press, 

1955.  167  p. 

Account of author's :.-ide  in extraterrestrial spacecraft and  alleged contact with 
extraterrestrial beings associated with the objects.  Propulsion of  spacecraft
  explained as converted magnetic energy "inherent in all the universe. " 

Son  of  the  sun.  Los Angeles,  DeVorss  & Co. ,  19!59.  211  p. 

Account of  alleged experiences amo ig Alpha Ceofaurians spiritually,  morally, 
and technologically  superior to earthmen anci  l.if  t:-!p into sun's interior on  one of 
their spacecra~t. 

· 

Another SJleech  by WUbf)rt  B.  Sm!·h,  Flying s,:,.uce1•  review,  v.  9,  Nov. -Dec. 

1963:  ll-14. 

Author,  head of Canada's  Project Magnet,  imparts information allegedly 
obtained from  extraterrestrial sources that casts serious doubt on  validity 
of some basic concepts of our science and on  our ideas of  time.  He  mentions 
having made "hardware that works"  from  information given  him by extra-
terrestrial intelligences.  Extracts from  speech d\~livered to  Vancouver 
(Canada)  Flying Saucer Club in March 1961. 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers iro:n other worlds, 

May  1958:  20··35,  80. 

lnclud•?S  radio interview by Gene  Lass on,  station KG FW,  Kearney,  Nebraska, 
of California grain dealer Reinhold Schmidt who  claimed that on  Nov.  5, 
1957,  he came upon a  flying saucer landed in  a  river bed '.'nd  conversed with 
the  crew members. 

Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Jul~•-Aug,  1958:  2035. 

General report of  activities of  UFO  researchers.  Mentions  messages from 
extr·terrestrial beings allegedly received by  John Otto of Chicago,  beginning 
Nov11;.nber  28,  1954. 

Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  May  1959:  19-43. 

General discussion of  activities of  UFO  researchers and alleged contactees. 
Claims made by "Prince Neosom  of  the  Planet Tythian" are mentioned, 

-----

ed.  Gray  Barker's book  of  Adamski,  Clar!{sburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian 

Books,  1967,  78  p. 

Summary articles relating  to  George Adamski's alleged contact with 
Venusians and  rides in  their spacecraft.  Reprints  of the  following  mono-
graphs  by  Adamski:  (1)  My  Fight  with the  Silence Group;  (2)  Questions and 
Answers;  (3)  Space Age  Philosophy. 

Gray  Barker's book  of  saucers.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books, 

1965.  77  p. 

Book  catalogues  UFO  sightings in  all  parts of  the world,  1962-1963,  Saucer 
landings,  communication between saucer cre,vs and  humans,  seizure of 
terrestrials by  saucer crews,  m:1ting  of  extraterrestrials with  terrestrials, 
and  "the  men  in  black" are discussed, 

Barton,  Michel X.  Flying saucer revelations.  Los Angeles,  Futura Press,  195'7, 

38  p. 

Discusses role of  interplanetary beings in  man's origin  and  evolution. 
Considers stories of contact between  extraterrestrials and  earth men and 
the  implications.  Reports on flying  saucer sighting at Giant Rock Airport, 
Yucca Valley,  Calif. ,  on  Mar 12,  1955,  during Inb::rplanetary Spacecraft 
Convention. 

Bender.  Albert K,  Flying  saucers and the three men.  Annotated and with 
introd,  and  epilogue by Gray  Barker.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian 
Books,  1962,  194  p. 

Discussion of activities of and  reports of  UFO  sightings  mad<!  to Inter-
national ·Flying Saucer Bureau,  organized by  Bender in  April 1952  in  Bridge-
port,  Conn,,  and  of Bender's contact with  extraterrestrial beings which  he 
claims resulted in his dissolving IFSB  in  November 1953.  Published also 
by Paperback Librdl'Y,  Inc.  (53-686),  New York. 

Bethurum,  Truman.  Aboard a flying  saucer.  Los  Angeles,  De  Vorss  & Co., 

1954,  192  p. 

Story of alleged contact b~tween author and  flying  saucer and crew from  planet 
Clarion at Mormon  Mesa,  Nevada,  during eleven visits berveen  July and 
November 1952. 

The  voice  of  the  planet Clarion,  Prescott,  Ariz,,  The  Author,  [ 195-

88  p. 

l 

Collection of  poetry and  prose written Ly  Bethurum while he  was allegedly 
under the  telepathic  control of Aura Rhanes,  the  female  capt4ln of  a 
spacecraft from  the  planet Clarion, 

Bowen,  Charles.  Fantasy or truth?  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  July-Aug. 

1967:  11-14. 

Details of  case where an  individual was allegedly transported from Salzburg, 
Austria,  to another  planet and back in a flying  saucer on  May  15,  1951,  are 
reexamined in  the  light of  subsequent similar contact claim cases. 

A Brazilian contact claim.  Flying saucer i·eview,  v.  7,  Sept. -Oct.  1961:  18-20. 

Translation of  report of  contact with  extraterrestrial oeings and  ride in 
flying  saucer by  Prof,  Joao  de  Freitas Guimaraes on  Aug.  27,  1957,  near 
$ao Sebastia-6,  Brazil.  Originally appeared in  Discos Voadores,  Bulletin 
No.  4,  July 1,  1959,  issued by Dr.  W.  Buhler in  Rio  de  Janeiro,  Brazil. 

Buckle,  Eileen.  T.1e  Scoriton  mystery.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1967, 

303  p. 

FUil details of investigation by  British Unidentified  Flying Object Research 
Association  (BU FORA) of E. A.  Bryant•s claim that on  April 24,  1965,  near 
Scoriton,  England,  he encountered three individuals from  a landed extra-
terrestrial spacecraft,  one  of whom  told him,  "My name  is Yamski"  (George 
Adamski  having died April 23,  there  being suggested reincarnation). 

Chambers,  Howard  V.  UFOs  for the  millions.  Los  Angeles,  Sherbourne  Press, 

Inc.,  1967.  158  p. 

Book discusses UFO  sightings,  the  persons who  made  them,  the  persons who 
made  evaluations of the sightings,  and what  people who  think they've  made 
actual contacts with aliens think these sightings mean. 

Clark,  Jerome.  A contact claim.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965: 

30-32. 

Noting the way  in which the  "beings" associated with the  1897  "airship" sight-
ings  seemed interested in  reinforcing the  belief that the  craft  was of 
mundane  origin,  the author concludes that the  extraterrestrials either were 
engaged in  some unknown  activity in which  they did  not  want their real 
identity  made  known,  or that they chose to  hide  their existence realizing 
that the comparative  unsophistication  of  nineteenth  century Americans would 
not  permit them to accept the  interplanetary answer. 

----- The  meaning of  contact.  Flying saucer review,  v.  ll,  Sept. -Oct.  1965: 

28-29. 

Speculating that the  UFO  beings  might  put a false  cover over their activities 
so as to  keep officialdom or anyone  else from  coming close to  the truth, 
the author suggests that contact claims become a tool with  a two-fold  purpose: 
to  discourage legitimate inquiry into the  saucer field  by  making  it look 
ridiculous,  and to  instill false ideas  into the  minds  of  those who  do  go  to 
investigate the  subject. 

----- Two new  contact claims.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  May-June 1965:  20-23. 

On  January 26,  1965,  a landed flying saucer and its  3 1/2 ft.  occupants were 
allegedly  seen near Brands  Flats,  Virginia.  On  January  30,  1965,  TV 
repairman Sid  Padrick allegedly encountered a landed flying  saucer and was 
invited aboard by  its crew members. 

Cox,  Adrian.  Thoughts  on  extended dimensinns.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

July-Aug.  1963:  8-9. 

Article assume; that some 1  at least,  of the contact claims are genuin4'!  and 
inquires into the  possible  motives of  those who  are allegedly visiti11g us. 

Creighton,  Gordon  W.  The  Italian scene:  Bruno GhibaudPs contact claim.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  9,  May-Jun~ 1963:  18-20. 

Summary of  two  articles which  appeared in  the Turin,  Italy,  news[Jilper  Le 
ore on  Jan.  24  and  31,  1963,  regarding Bruno Ghibaudi's claim that he ii;:.d 
Ealked  to the humanoid  pilots c;f  UFOs  in  Summer 1961. 

-----The Italian scene--Part 4.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  July-Aug.  1963: 

10-12. 

Translation of articles in  January 6 and  20,  1963,  issues of Settimana Incom 
Illustrata reporting contact claims: \I)  on  Aug.  25,  1960,  a  Swedish student was 
? 1.legedly drawn up into a  flying  saucer near Halmstad and then  taken to a 
"subterranean space-base";  (2)  a  man who  allegedly  photographed the 
occupants of  3  landed flying  saucer had the film  confiscated by  tall men with 
bronzed complexions  and  dark hair;  (3)  on  June 3,  1961,  a  disc-shaped 
unidentified submarine object was  seen in  the  Mediterranean off the coast 
of Italy. 

----- Three more Brazilian cases.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  May-June 1967: 

5-8. 

Translation from  July 1959 SBEDV  (Sociedade  Brasileira de  Estudos sabre 
Discos Voadores)  Bulletin Of. three alleged contact/landing incidents in 
Brazil,  1958-1959. 

----- The Villa Santina Case.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967:  3-7. 

Account of alleged encounter with a  landed flying  saucer and its pilots by 
Professor L. R.  Johannis on  Aug_  14,  1947,  near Villa Santina,  Carnia,  Italy. 
Translated from  "P..J  vista un  disco \Olante"in  May  1964 Clypeus. 

Crenshaw,  James.  The great Vencsian  mystery.  Fate,  v.  19,  June 1966:  32-39. 

Episode  involving two  be!:-;gs  who  claimed to have come from  Venus  and to 
have  landed their spacecraft near Barstow,  Calif.,  in  June 1953. 

Dick,  William.  U.S.  Air Force p?oject uses doctor to  prove cop's report of 

flying saucer by  hy}l'lotism.  National enquirer,  v.  42,  May 19,  1968:  1,  3,  4. 

On  Dec.  2,  1967,  police  officer Herbert Schirmer allegedly encountered 
humanoid crew of  extraterrestrial spacecraft that hovered over the  ground 
near Ashland,  Nebraska.  While under hynotic  trance by  Dr.  Leo Sprinkle, 
associate professor of  psychology at the  University of Wyoming,  Schirmer was 
"unswerving" in  relating details of  incident. 

Duclout,  Jorge A. ,  & Napy Duclout.  Unico documento confL•mado sabre el origen, 
estructura y destino de  las platos voladores; transcripcion de  las grabaciones, 
sabre alambre,  registradas durante experimentaciones psiquicas  en  que  se 
concerto una  cita con un  plato volador,  la cual fue  complida en la fecha 
preestablecida;  2da. 
un  plato volador,  el 6 de Septiember de 1954.  Buenos Aires,  America Tecnica 
& Editorial J. A.  Duclout,  1956.  179  p. 

!'!dicion,  ampliada con las testimonios del  pasaje de 

Elizabeth Klarer's flying  saucer.  Flying saucers from  other worlds,  June 1957: 

65-69,  75. 

Mrs.  Elizabeth  Klarer gives her account of  a flying  saucer landing near her 
home  in  Natal,  South Africa,  on  April 7,  1956,  of  her contact with occupant 
and  ride in  the siacecraft. 

Foght,  Paul.  Inside  the flying  saucers:  pancake::;.  Fate,  v.  14,  Aug.  1961:  32-36. 

Joe Simonton of  Eagle River,  Wisconsin,  claims a flying  saucer landed in  his 
back yard on  April 18,  1961,  and the  crew  members gave him  three friP.d  cakes. 

Fouere,  Rene.  Surhumains  ou  sous-humains,  anges ou demons,  que  sont les 

extra-terrestres?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1966:  5-11. 

Speculation on the nature of the extraterrestrial beings apparently visiting 
earth based in  part on  reports of  "contactees." 

Fry,  Daniel W.  The White  sands incident.  Los  Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing Co., 

1954.  66 p. 

Author descrioes how  on  July 4,  1950,  he was taken  in  remote-controlled 
extraterrestrial spacecraft on  a ride from  White Sands  Missile Range, 
N.  Mex.,  to  New York City and back in  approximately 30  minutes,  and claims 
he  conversed telepathically with extraterrestrial being in  UFO' s base ship 
900  miles above  earth's surface. 

----- The White  Sands  incident.  Louisville,  Ky.,  Best Books,  Inc.,  1966. 

120  p. 

Account of  20-minute roundtrip ride to New York in  unmanned,  e:i..iraterrestrial 
spacecraft which allegedly landed near White  Sands  Proving Grounds, 
New  Mexico,  and  report of  subsequent conversations with an  extraterrestrial 
on  science,  technology,  and  philosophy. 

Fi~Her, Curtis.  The  men  who  ride  in  saucers.  Fate,  v.  7,  May 1954:  44-47. 

All2ged contacts of  earthmen  with crewmen of  flying  saucers are reported, 
including the stories of Truman Bethurum,  George Adamski,  Orfeo Angelucci, 
J oho  Black,  and  John Van  A!len. 

Fuller,  John G.  The interrupted journey.  New  York,  Dial  Press,  1966.  302  p. 

Account of  UFO  experience Sept.  19,  1961,  of  Barney and Betty Hill near 
Cannon  Mountain,  N, H.,  during which  they were taken aboard an  extra-
terrestrial spacecraft,  given a }'.ilysical examination,  and  released.  Data 
used were ba.1Edon  tape recordings  made by the  principals while under 
hyJX1osis  during subsequent psychiatric treatm mt. 

Gibbons,  Gavin.  They  rode in  SJ:llCC:i  ships.  London,  Neville Spearman,  Ltd., 

1957,  217  p, 

Account of  repolted l'ide& in extraterrestrial sp1.cecraft t:y  Danie 1 Fry 
(on  July 4,  1950,  from White  Sa.iKI~ Missile Range,  N,  Mex.,  to New  York 
and  back in 20 minutes) and Truman Bet.'iurum  (on  July  27,  1952,  from 
Mo:L~mon Mesa,  Nevada). 

Gilman,  Peter.  Do the cherubim come from  Mars?  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

Sept. -Oct.  1967:  19-21,  29. 

On  Apr.  24,  1964,  Gary Wilcox,  who was working his farm in  Newark Valley. 
N.  Y. ,  allegedly saw a  UFO land in  a  nearby field.  Tht! crew were two 
humanoid 4-ft. -tall entities who were holding specimens of  soil and sod, 
said they were from  Mars,  and who  explained that although th<:!y  had been 
obtaining their food  from the atmoslilere,  they had to find  a way  to 
rehabilitate their soil to raise food.  Author suggests that "food taken from 
the  atmosphere" might be analogous to the celestial manna described in 
the Bible in  Exodus;  the angels involved in  this manifestation were the 
cherubim and  therefore may  have come from  Mars.  The entities also 
said there would be  coming changes in  the  universe which  would affect our 
solar system and that Mars may be where earth is now.  Author draws a 
pll'allel between this information a.nd  Velikovsky's theory  in  Worlds in 
Collision. 

Girvin,  Calvin C.  The night has a thousand saucers.  El Monte,  Calif., 

Understanding Publishing Co. ,  1958.  168  p. 

Author claims io have  been  inducted into the  Army in 1944;  tells of  being 
fatally W'lunded  in World War II;  of a  ''Venusian" incarnatint, into  his body 
and healing his wounds;  and of  adventures as an agent for friendly  extra-
terrestrials.  Alleges  physical conU>,ct  with  Venusians and  visits to 
Venusian  "mother ship" aboard a flying  saucer. 

Hudson,  Jan.  Those sexy saucer people.  Cariterbury,  N.  H.,  Greenleaf Classics, 

1967.  176  p. 

A cross-section of  (;Ontactee  stories,  largely concerned with  messages and 
messengers .tllegedly of extraterrestrial origin.  Emphasis is on  the 
influence  such experiences had on  the lives of the cnntactee claimants,  the 
divorces that r~sulted, and  the  sexual experience of  sorue contactees 
W•!h  i;"!e  UFO  occup1.nts. 

Hugill,  Joanna.  On  the road from  Sydney  to  Melbourne.  Flyi.ag saucer review, 

v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  3,  11. 

Story of  the  alleged refusal by  an  Auf.tralian motorcyclist on  Aug.  24,  1967, 
to  respond to the  invitation  of  two  silver-clad figures  standing beside a 
saucer-shaped craft to  board the  craft.  Author prepared article from  a 
transcript of  taped interview with  witness by  Peter Norris,  chairman of  the 
Victorian  Flying Saucer Research Society,  and  M.  Thornhill. 

Important discoveries.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Nov. -Dec.  1966:  17. 

Comrarison of easer: of  Barney and Betty Hill who,  on the nisht of Seit.  19, 
1961,  were allegedly ca}tured by beings from a fiying sauce:- and taken 
aboard the  s~cecraft for  imysical examination and that of Antonio Villas 
Boas who was allegedly abducted by  extraterrestrial beings for sexual 
experiment aboard their landed s~cecraft on Oct.  15-lG~ 1Y57. 

The Italian scene:  Part 2.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Mar. -Apr.  1963:  3-6. 

Report on  inquiry by Italian periodical Domenica del Corrie:..•e into stories of 
UFO  incidents and cnntact claims in  Italy 1956-1962. 

James,  Trevor.  The case for contact.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Jan. ~Feb. 

1962:  9-11. 

Use  of occult science as a new tool in  investigating claims by individuals 
of  contact with  extraterrestrial beings is suggested by author.  He  says 
the occult scientist would approach these reports with some assurance 
tha~ the contactee had had experiences involving his perceJtions and 
couJd evaluate situations that were not necessarily the way they seemed 
to the  contactee. 

----- Scientists,  contactees and  equilibrium.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6, 

Jan. -Feb.  1960:  19-21. 

Author suggests that review of  stories of  persons allegedly contacted by 
extraterrestri.Ll beings  reveals a  struggle between Christ and anti-Christ 
forces.  Al!egations should be evaluated not so much  in  the light of  whether 
they  are possible or val.id  but  in the light of who  contacted these  people:  were 
they forces of  good  or forces of evil? 

Keel,  John,  The little man  of Gaffney.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -fl.pr. 

1968:  17-19. 

Details of  encounter by  Gaffnt!y,  South Carolina,  police officers with a 
landed flying saucer and its humanoid  occupant on  Nov.  17,  1967. 

----- Strange messages frnm flying  saucers.  Saga,  v.  35,  Jan.  1968:  22-25, 

69-70,  72-74. 

Similarities are noted  in  the details  of messages given  contactees throughout 
the world. 

----- An  unusual contact clai::n  from  Ohio.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Jan. -

Feb.  1968:  25-26. 

On  July 18,  1967,  Reverend Anthony  de  Polo of  Boardman,  Ohio,  allegedly 
encountered and  carried on  telerathic communication with  a  humanoid  being 
he believes to  be  of  extraterrestrial origin. 

Kobler,  John.  He  runs flylnfr  saucer  headquarter!').  Saturday evening post, 

v.  228,  Mar.  10,  1956:  ?.6-27,  69,  72. 
Report on activities of  James S.  Rigberg of New York City--head of Flying 
Saucer News Club--who collects reports of  UFO  sightings and "contact" 
claims as tele}iloned or written to him. 

Kraspedon,  Dino.  My  contact with flying saucers.  Translated from  the Portuguese 

by J.  B.  Wood.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1959.  205  p. 

Discusses in detailed technical terms the forces that  UFOs  use to navigate 
in  earth's atmos}ilere and to travel through space on  interplanetary voyages. 
Presented in question.;,and-answer form,  information synthesizes series 
of five  alleged meetings between author and captain of an extraterrestrial 
sp1.cecraft. 

Lemaitre,  Jules.  Angels or monsters?  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  Nov. -Dec. 

1959:  3-5. 

An  inquiry into contact reports in  Europe and the  U. S. 

Leslie,  Desmond and George Adamski.  Flying saucers have landed.  London, 

Werner  Laurie,  1953.  232  p. 

Account of alleged contact by  Adamski  with a  landed extraterrestrial space-
craft and meeting with a  man  from  Venus  on  Nov.  20,  1952,  near Desert 
Center,  Calif.  Photographs of spacecraft.  Review  by  Leslie of  m~terial 
from old manuscripts referring ti)  sightings of  unidentified objects 
throughout antiquity. 

Lindsay,  Gordon.  The  riddle of  the flying saucers.  Dallas,  Tex. ,  The  Voice  of 

Healing Publishing Co.,  1966.  31  p. 

Author  says  repoi'ts  do not  ring true of  flying  saucers landing,  nor of 
claims o! their extraterrestrial origin,  creatures of  high  evolutionary devel-
opment,  or of  bringing knowledge  to  the human  race to  save it from  dis-
aster.  He  suggests that the whole thing has  the  earmarks of the diabolical. 

Lorenzen,  Coral and  Jim  Lore;izen.  Flying saucer occup1.nts.  Introd.  by 
Dr.  Frank B.  Salisbury.  New York,  Signet Books,  The New  American 
Library,  1967.  213  o. 

Reports from  men  and women  who  have allegedly seen and communicated 
with  ext.raterrestrial creatures.  Authors,  directors of  thf>  Aerial Phenomena 
Research Organization,  claim that eyewitness reliability has been  checked 
by  psy~t!atric and other scientific methods.  Also,  an  in-depth analysis of 
the role of the CIA  in the study of  UFO  sightings is  presented. 

Luciano Galli's contact claim.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Sept. -Oct.  1962: 

29-30. 

Account of  July 7,  1957 (or 1959),  alleged encounter near Bologna,  lta.Jy, with a 
landed flying saucer from  Venus and its crew and ride aboard spacecraft
 to "mother ship. "  Based on  interview by Renate Alba11ese  in  June 
1962 Domenica della Sera. 

Martin,  D,  M.  Seven hours aboard a space ship.  Detroit,  Mich.,  The Author, 

[ 1959?]  29  p. 

Author claims that in  June 1956 beings from  Venus took him for a  ride in 
one of their sracecraft during which they explained its operation,  discussed 
conditions on  their planet and spoke of the law-enforcing "central authority" 
of  the solar system. 

The  Mel  Noel story:  the  inside story on  the U.  S.  Air Force secrecy on  UFOs. 

Inglewood,  Calif.,  The AuUtor,  1966.  26  p. 

Author,  an  ex-USAF lieutenant,  gives details of a 1953-1954  USAF  assignment 
that was  allegedly specifically oriented towards the search for  UFOs.  He 
claims that on  three different occai;:ions,  he,  the two  pilots,  and the command-
ing colonel saw a group of  16  UFOs,  5  UFOs,  and again  5 UFOs  and had 
communication with their r ..lot during the third sighting.  The commanding 
colonel allegedly later met these beings and boarded their spacecraft. 

Menger,  Howard,  F:\'om  outer space to you.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian 

Books,  1959.  256  p. 

Report of contacts with visitors from  other planets and discussion of their 
philosophy. 

----- The Howard Menger story.  Flying saucer review,  v.  4,  July-Aug.  1958: 

10-12,  iii. 

Author's account of  alleged  personal contacts with extraterrestrial spacecraft 
and  thei~ occupants. 

Mr.  Cooke goes  to Zomdic.  Flying saucer review,  v.  4,  July-Aug.  1958:  26-27. 

neport of  alleged contact with  extraterrestrial beings ~nd ride in  spacecraft 
to  planet Zomdic  in  another solar system. 

Michael,  Cecil.  Roundtri:1  to  Hell in  a flying  saucer.  New  York,  Vantage  Press, 

1955,  61  p. 

Account of author's alleged contact in  1952 with extraterrestrial beings who 
had the  power to materialize and  dematerialize at will and who took him  to 
their planet,  Hell,  In  his astral body  aboard a flying  saucer. 

Mitchell,  Helen  and  Betty Mitchell.  We  met th? space people.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va., 

Saucerian  Publications,  1959.  17  p. 

Addresses delivered by Helen and Betty Mitchell during Bt:ck !\elson 
Convention,  June 28-29,  1958,  concerning alleged contact with ll.fartians and 
Venusians klld  ride in  Martian spa.cecraft.  Extraterrestrials warn of  impending 
change in  plane  of  earth's axis and concomitant cataclysms. 

Miller,  Max B.  Th£  men who  ride in saucers.  Fate,  v.  13,  Feb.  1960:  32-38. 

Report on first national convention of the Amalgamated  Flying Saucer Clubs 
of America in  Los Angeles,  July 11-12,  1959. 

Mundo,  Laura.  Pied piper from  outer space.  Los Angeles,  The  Planetary S}Xl.c ~ 

Center Working Committee,  1964.  152  p. 

Author describes  alleged visit to Mars and  philosophical1  political,  and 
educational institutions there.  Her "guide" on  the vbit discusses earth's 
}Xl.St  history 1  role in  God's  plan 1  and  ultimate destiny. 

Nebel,  Long  John.  The flying saucer story.  New  York 1  American  Music  Library 1 

1966.  Matrix no.  AML-201.  2s.  12  in.  33  1/3 rpm  microgroove. 

Interviews by the author of ildividuals involved in  UFO  controversy. 

----- The way out world.  Englewood Cliffs,  N.  J.,  Prentice-Hall1  1961.  225  p. 

Tales and word  portraits of  men  and women who  claim to have  sighted 1  con-
tacted,  flown  in,  traveled to other  planets,  systems 1  and galaxies in  flying 
saucers. 

Nelson,  Buck. 

I  visited  Mars,  Venus,  and  the  moon.  Search,  Dec.  1956:  6-20. 

Extract from  a lecture given  before the Study Group on  Interplanetary 
Relationships,  Detroit,  Mich.,  July  26,  1955.  Nelson  describes alleged 
interplanetary voyage with extraterrestrials who landed their spacecraft 
on  his farm. 

----- My  trip to  Mars,  the  moon,  and  Venus.  Mountain  View 1  Mo.  1  The Author, 

1956,  44  p. 

Contact with  crews of flying  saucers  1954-1955 and alleged voyages aboard 
SJXl.Cecrat:t  while  in  his corporeal body  are described by author. 

Norkin,  Israel.  Saucer diary.  New  York,  Pageant  Press,  1957.  137  p, 

Publication  consists of correspondence between author and  persons claiming 
contact with  extraterrestrial occupants of  UFOs. 

Oberth,  Hermann,  Katecilismus der Uranidem.  Wiesbaden-Schierstein,  Ventla-

Verlag,  1966,  160  p. 

Communication with an extraterrestrld being through a  psychic medium  has 
caused Oberth to adopt this view:  ~ere is a  soul which  outlives the  body; 
this world serves as a  training-ground for the  soul;  the  soul will continue 
life (on  a  planet where conditions art;  in keeping with its degree of develop-
ment) after death. 

Owens,  Ted,  Flying saucer intelligences speak.  New  Brunswick,  N.  J., 

Interplanetary News  Service,  1966,  7 p. 

Author  claims to be  the only humar  r-:presentative of  the Saucer Intelligences 
(UFO  occupants)  on  earth;  that he  lb abl~ to receive intelligence from  these 
people and transmit it to humans;  and that ~iE>  ~ able to  prove out the intelli-
gence that has been  transmitted,  He  gives an  account of  his  experiences. 

Pascalis,  Bernardino.  Werkelijkheid of fanta!'lie?  Panorama,  Feb.  21-27,  1967: 

31-38. 

Feature article on  UFO  rer.orts in which there was alleged communication with 
the  occu{Xints  or crew of the  objects. 

Rampa,  T.  Lobsang.  My  visit to  Venus.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books, 

1966.  42  p. 

Allegedly autobiographic,  the book  tells how  the author and  six "telepathic" 
lamas were taken aboard an  extraterrestrial sr --:ecraft to  Venus  to observe 
that  planet's  superior civilization.  Voyage  was  sponsored  by  a brotherhood 
of  "guardian" incarnate and discarnate entities from  many  different planets 
"who safeguard life in  all forms.'' 

Reeve,  Bryant and Helen  Reeve.  Flying saucer pilgrb1mage.  Amherst,  Wis. , 

Amherst Press,  1957.  304  p. 

Account of  two-year private research by  authors into  UFO  phenomenon which 
involved  23, 000  miles of travel to  interview individuals  claiming contact with 
extraterrestrial beings.  Religious,  philosophic,  2.nf.  prophetic  implications 
of  UFO  a)Jpea.rances  are also discussed. 

Rocha,  Hugo.  Outros  mundos  outras humanidades.  Porto,  Editora Edu~acao 

Nacional,  1958.  371  p. 

First part of  book  presents arguments from  the literature and from  scientific, 
philosophical,  and  religious writings  supporting and  opposi1,g the theory of 
a  plurality of  inhabited worlds.  Second  part gives  reports of  individuals 
claiming contact with extraterrestrials,  including Adamski,  Bethurum,  Fry, 
Allingham,  Jorge and  Napy  Duclout,  Kraspedon,  and Ramatis and  de Freitas 
Guimaraes. 

Schmidt,  Reinhold O.  The  Kearney  incident.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1959:  31-45. 

Author allegedly  sighted a  :i.anded flying  saucer on  Oct.  25,  1957 and was  taken 
for a  ride by  its crew.  Incident occured near Kearney,  Nebraska. 

Schmidt,  Reinhold.  The Reinhold Schmidi: story.  Los Angeles,  Amalgamated 

Flying Saucer Clubs of America,  1960.  18  p. 

Author relates his claim that on  Nov.  5,  1957,  he encountered a landed fiying 
saucer and its crew near Kearney,  Nebraska,  and tells of his subsequent 
experiences with "siace people. " 

Science:  cups or saucers?  Time,  v.  70,  Sept.  9,  1957:  67. 

Commentary on  claim of  Joio de  Fre!tq_s  Guimar.tes,  a  professor of  Roman 
law at the Santos,  Brazil,  Catholic  University that he  had taken an hour-long 
ride through outer siace in  a fiying saucer and communicated teleiathically 
with the occuiants. 

,·mvano,  Ceccarelli.  Mario 'Zuccala's strange encounter.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  8,  July-Aug.  1962:  5-7. 

On  April 10,  1962,  Mario Zuccala allegedly  encountered a landed flying saucer 
ntar Florence,  Italy,  was taken aboard by its humanoid crew and later 
released. 

Simoes,  Auri{ilebo Berrance.  Os  discos voadores; fantasia e  realidade.  sao Paulo, 

Edart Livi·arla Editora Ltda. ,  1959.  390 p. 

Survey of world literak~e on  UFO  ?tenomena with  emphasis on  contacte.1 
claims.  Current theories on  possibility of  life on  other planets  are evaluated. 

Siace ships--and the  people  they visit.  Flying saucers,  Feb.  1959:  6-7,  15. 

Survey of  >·~ports o:1  persons claiming contact with extraterrestrial beings. 

A speech by Wilbert B.  Smith.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Sept. -Oct.  1963:  13-16. 

Author,  a Canadian electrical engineer and head of  Project Magnet,  summarizes 
findings  of two-year UFO investigation,  including a  series of communicatillns 
with intelligences claiming to be extraterrestrial and  laboratory experiments 
suggested by  these entities that confirmed the validity of their alien science. 
Trattscript of tape recorded speech <telivered al Ottawa,  Canada,  on  Mar.  31, 
1958. 

Spraggett,  Allen.  Kidnapped by  a  UFO.  Fate,  v.  20,  Jan.  1967:  34-41. 

Account 0£  UFO's abduction  of  Barney  and Betty Hill on  Sept.  19,  1961,  near 
Franconia Notch,  N.  H.· 

Stranges,  Frank E.  Stranger at the  Pentagon.  Van  Nuys,  Calif.,  International 

Evangelism Crusades,  1967.  201  p. 

Account,  as allegedly told to author,  of visit to earth by Valiant Thor of Venus 
and his address to a special group at the  United  Nations and  meeting with  high 
officials at the  Pentagon. 

Thomas,  Franklin.  We  come in  peace.  Los Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing Co. , 

1955.  53  p. 

Account of  alleg~ flying saucer landing in  Austria and of message of peace 
conveyed by the Martian occupant. 

Twitchell,  Cleve.  The  UFO  saga.  Lakemont,  Ga. ,  CSA  Press,  1966.  94  p. 

Summary of experiences of  individuals who  claim  to  have  seen  UFOs,  or 
ridden in  them,  or communicated with their crews. 

Van den  Berg,  Basil.  My  discovery will  prove Adamski1s  claim.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  8,  Nov. -Dec.  1962:  3-5. 

Author claims to  have  deciphered the  hieroglyphics on a  photographic  plate 
allegedly given Adamski by Venusians and to  have  constructed an  anti-gravity 
device  based on  them. 

Van  Tassel,  GE•orge.  The  council  of  seven lights.  Los Angeles,  De  Vorss & Co., 

1958.  156 p. 

The  "middle viewpoint" of  life,  religion,  planet earth,  and other worlds is 
given by  author on  basi.s  of knowledge  gleaned from  the  ''organized intelli-
gences of other places. " 

Veit,  Karl.  Planeten-menschen.  Wiesbaden-Schierstein,  Ventla-Verlag,  1961. 

223 p. 

Author  suneys scientific opinion on  the  possibility of  life on other worlds and 
summarizes UFO  sighting  reports from  1947 to date.  Details are given of 
"contactee" reports and the  alleged appearance  and  behavior  of  beings from 
outer space. 

Vogt,  Cristian.  El  misterio de  los platos voladorcs.  Buenos Aires,  Editorial 

"La Mandragora"  [1956)  190  II· 

Contains general discussion  of  UFO  phenomenon  and summaries of  explana-
tory hypotheses relating to it,  Activities of  governm ettal and  private 
research projects and contactee claims are also reported, 

Zenabi,  J.  El  misterio de  las discos voladores.  Santiago de Chile,  The  Author, 

1953.  77  p. 

Account  of author's alleged contact with landed flying  saucer and its Martian 
crew and  trip to  Mars aboard sµicecraft.  He  describes in  detail physical 
features of  Mars,  its science,  culture,  and  political institutions.  Experience 
reportedly took  place in September 1952. 

==================================================
DESIGN 

Brooks,  Angus.  Remarkable sighting near Dorset coast.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  3-4. 

Re}X)rt of  UFO  observed Oct.  26,  1967,  at Moinge  Downs,  between Weymouth 
and  Lulworth Cove,  Dorset,  England.  In  "hover" }X)sition,  object consisted 
of four  "fuselages" at equidistant position ru:ound a  central chamber.  Further 
construction details 8re given. 

Fry,  Daniel W.  Steps to the stars.  Lakemont,  Ga.,  CSA  Publishers,  1956. 

83  p. 

The 00.sic  physical concepts underly!ng the  construction and operation of a 
vehicle that could undertake interplanetary travel are discussed. 

Is this the real flying  saucer?  Look,  v.  19,  June 14  ,  1955:  44-46. 

Design study for a  flying-saucer f";hter  prepared for  Look  by Republic 
Aviation Corp.  engineer Thomas Turner.  Sketches indicate appearance of 
a  craft that would fulfill  following  requirements: 
(1)  ability to take off and 
land vertically:  (2)  high speed of  over Mach 2.;  (3)  high rate of  climb; 
(4)  excellent maneuverability;  (5)  heavy armament;  (6)  ability to operate at 
60, 000 ft. 

Schroeder,  W.  Only  4  hours to reach the  moon.  Flying saucer review,  v.  4, 

Jan. -Feb.  1958:  12-14. 

Author considers ideal design for spacecraft that could travel outside earth's 
atmosphere and  concludes that  (1)  it must be  circular;  (2)  it must have the 
rocket motor on  top and  the remainder of  the  structure underneath;  and  (3) 
the  lower parts must be wider than  the  upper ones and  have a hole in  the 
middle for unobstructed flow  from  the  rocket motor.  He  says  UFOs  fit this 
description because the design  consideration applies universally. 

~:anley,  Neil and Chester S.  Geier.  The flying  saucer jigsaw  puzzle.  Fate, 

v.  1,  Fall 1948:  101-104. 

Speculates that  possible reason for different sizes and shapes of  observed 
flying discs is that they are specialized units that fit together  like a  jigs·~w 
puzzle to compose a  complete unit.  Advantages of fragmentation would  l>e 
(1)  greater speed and functioning efficiency;  (2)  protection against loss~ 
and  (3)  greater ease and  safety  in  landing. 

Winder,  R.H. B.  Comrm'!nt on  the Angus  Brooks sighting.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  4-5, 

Speculating on  the  reason for the crosslike configuration during hover  of  the 
UFO seen over England Oct.  2b,  19il7,  by Angus  Brooks,  author suggests 
observations or measurements demandin;;; instruments located at thE::  four 
corners of a  square or  requirin~ two  or four linear devices  (possibly antennae), 
intersecting at right angles. 

Winder,  R.H. B.  Design for a  flying saucer.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12, 

Nov. -Dec.  1966:  21-26, 

Article considers in  broad outline the engineering design of a  spacecraft 
capable of  reproducing performance and  effects characteristically noted in 
repo::.-ted  UFO  sightings. 

Deisign for a  flying  saucer.  Flying s~ur.:er review,  v.  l:;,  Jan. -Feb. 

1967:  13-18. 

Continues discussion of  design considerations of  spacecraft capable of 
performing in  manner noted in reported UFO  sightings. 

Design for a  flying saucer:  Part II  - construction and  performance. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967:  13-18. 

Author discus~es the  practical application of a  fusion-powered hydromagnetic 
spacecraft ana  problems of operation in the  planetary atmosphere. 

Design for a flying saucer:  Part III  -- characteristics and  effects. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  l:J,  Mar. -Apr.  J!'j67:  20-23. 

Author describes  ionization and  hydromagnetic  phenomena associated with 
the use  of  hydromagnetic  proJXllsion.  He  relates this to reported UFO 
behavior. 

Design for a  flying saucer:  Part IV  -- characteristics and effects. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  May-June 1967:  9-12. 

In  discussion c:f  i::haracteristics ~d effects of  a disc-shaped craft with 
hydromagnetic  propulsion,  the author considers:  (1)  permissible and 
forbidden  flight configurations;  (2)  kinds of  electromagnetic radiation 
emitted by  machine;  (3)  visual consequences  of  ionization  in  the air; and 
(4)  physiological  effects of  strong magnetic fields. 

====================================================
DETECTORS 

Aho,  Arthur C,  Magnetic  UFO  detector.  Flying saucers,  Feb.  1961:  25-26. 

Do-it-yourself directions for  making a  portable flying  saucer detector. 

Lafon',.~,  Paul.  Detecteurs magnetiques.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1966:  12-16, 

Blueprint for  making a  magnetic detector for  UFOs. 

Lloyd,  Dan.  UFO  detector network in  the United  Kingdom.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  27-28. 

UFO  detector network equipped with  McCarthy detectors is described and 
regional list given  of detector owners with a  telephone. 

Thompson,  T.A.  means of detecting UFOs.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  1, 

Spring 1966:  6-8. 

Description of a  prototype  UFO  detector. 

==================================
ELECTROMAGNETIC  EFFECTS 

Attention aux soucoupes!  Phenomer.es  spitiaux,  Mar.  1966:  29-30. 

Several cases are cited where beams of  rays from  UFOs  caused damage to 
the eyes.  It is speculated that this is caused by  the electro-magnetic field 
surrounding the  objects. 

Binder,  Otto o.  How  flying  saucers can injure you.  Mechanix illustrated,  v.  64, 

Jan.  1968:  64-66,  136-137. 

Discusses f.bysiological  reactions of the human body to electromagnetic 
effects  (EM)  caused by UFOs. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  A long,  cool look at alien intelligence:  It's all in  the  mind. 

Flying saucer revlew,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  7-9. 

Author suggests the possibility that UFOs  and  poltergeists are among 
phenomena which could be "experienced" with completely convincing realism, 
due to effects of electromagnetic fields.  He  also suggests that this electro-
magnetic radiation could be either terrestrial or extraterrestrial in  origin; 
it could be either a stochastic natural process or the planned  product of a'1 
alien intelligence. 

Campione,  Michael J.  Reality of  UFOs,  their danger,  their hope.  Cinnaminson, 

N. J., The Author,  1965.  16  p. 

General discussion of the UFO  phenomenon,  including recognizable 
characteristics,  physiological effects on  humans,  statistics on  sightings and 
landings,  theories on  their origin,  and  USAF  policy. 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  A UFO  steps the  clocks.  BUFORA  journal and bulletin, 

v.  1,  Summer 1965:  19. 

Electro-magnetic watches and  clocks stopped for 45  minutes when  a 
cylindrical,  white  UFO  flew  over the Azores on  July 9,  1965. 

-----.  Report on Warminster.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  1,  Autum11 

1965:  6-8. 

Accounts of the mysterious aerial sights and  sounds reported frequently  in 
Warminster,  England.  Author speculates that the dull,  crunching noise 
arises out  of an  electromagnetic interaction between a low-flying UFO  and 
the ground  (espec!ally when  there are deposits of ferromagnetic  material). 
He suggests that the "humming" sound  might come from altitude-finding 
de\•iccs on  the  UFOs. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  Astronauts forced down  by  UFOs?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  11,  May-June 1965:  15-18. 

January 1965 issue of  Die Andere Welt is quoted as saying:  "In  Moscow there 
are persistent rumors that the  last manned  satellite [ Voskod 11  launched 
Oct.  11,  1964,  with three··man crew J was repeatedly overtaken by extremely 
fast flying discs which struck the craft violent shattering blows with their 
powerful  magnetic fields." 

-----.  Mysterious  psychological effectf)  of flying  saucers.  Flying sau:~ers 

review,  v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  5-6. 

ApJ;W'ent effect on  heart,  bladder,  and  bowels of  individuals allegedly .in 
proximity to flying  saucers,  anrl/or their occupa.nts is discussed.  It ls 
speculated th 't phenomenon may be due  to electromagnetic rays. 

Edwards,  Frank Edwards report:  UFO  sightings and alibis,  Fate,  v.  111  Mar. 

1958:  27-34. 

Author says that according to USAF  officials,  persons who  report seeing 
UFOs  are suffer:ng from  hallucinations;  however,  since cars and tractors 
reportedly have their ignition systems killed by proximity to these objects,  he 
suggests that surely new  "alibis" are needed. 

Finch,  Bernard E.  Physiological effect on  witness at Hook,  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  19~7:  7,  27, 

Apparent side-effects of  UFO  force field  on  the body  of the individual sighting 
it Oct.  26,  1967,  near Hook,  England,  are discussed, 

Fontes,  Olavo T.  Brazilian top secret report revealed.  Flying saucers,  Feb, 

1960:  6-14,  24. 

Three instances are related in  which  UFOs  sigMeu in  Brazil in 1957  seeMed 
to have  hostile intent and  to  possess a weapon  used as a  means of defense 
and attack that completely disrupts electrical systems. 

Maney,  Charles A.  Scientific  measurement of  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  18,  June 1965: 

31-39. 

Cites instances where the strengths of  magnetic fields associated with UFOs 
have been measured by  physical devices. 

Michel,  Alme.  Flying saucers in  Europe:  saucers--or delusions?  Fate,  v.  ll, 

, 

Jan.  1958:  73-79. 

Cases of  UFO  sightings in  France during 1954 are repork-d in which electric 
ch'cuit "puialysls" of motor vehicles was a  concomita.nt feature. 

New clues to UFO  electrical interference.  The  UFO investigator,  v.  3,  Nov. -Dec. 

1965:  3-4. 

Reported UFO sightings prior to or duri!lg the Nov.  9,  19651  ''blackout'' are 
reviewed; repo:rts of smaller-scale instances of  electromagnetic interference 
are surveyed for COmJlll'ison. 

Norman,  Paul.  Electro-magnetic effects of  UFOs.  Flying saucer review,  '"·  11, 

Sept. -Oct.  1965:  26-28. 

Summary of known  cases where  UFO sightings were accompanied by electro-
magnetic  }ilenomena:  interference with radio and television sets; dimmed 
headlights and sWled motor car engines; and  power and light failures.  Account 
taken from  (Xlper read by author at the Ballarat (Australia) Astronomical 
Society's 1965 conference. 

Romig,  Ma.ey  F.  and Donald  L.  Lamar.  Anomalous  sounds and electromagnetic 

effects associated wi~ fireball entry.  Santa Monica,  The  Rand Corp., 
1963.  60  p. 

(Rand Corp.  Memorandum RM-3724-ARPA.) 

Memorandum describes nature of cert.ain hissing sounds and electromagnetic 
effects associated with the  passage of  very bright meteors or fireballs and 
discusses  their possible origin from  the standpoint of atmospneric electricity 
and reentry }ilysics.  Study was motivated by possibility that a better under-
standing of these  phenomena will lead to new techniques for determining the 
size,  natun,  and  path  of any  large body entering earth's atmos}ilere. 

Strange effect.ci !roni EM waves.  The UFO  investigator,  v.  3,  Nov. -Dec.  1965:  5. 

Experiments and research by Prof.  Clyde  E.  Ingalls,  Cornell University,  are 
summarized and seem to indicate that electromagnetic waves  can be "heard." 
Reports of odd  effects and EM  (electromagnetic) interference concomitant with 
UFO  sightings are briefly surveyed. 

Surles effets biologiques des cham~ magnetiques intenses.  Phenomenes spatiaux, 

Dec.  1965:  8-10. 

Many of the individuals who have allegedly been in  proximity to fiying saucers 
or their occupmts report being stricken by Jlll'alysis.  Problems with vision, 
electric shock,  and a sensation of heat (burns are often  suffered),  accompany 
this paralysis.  It is suggested t.'u!.t exposure to a sufficiently intense 
magnetic field rould be the causal factor. 

Vogt,  Christian.  Non  dramatique incident.  Pheuomenes spatiaux,  Feb.  1965: 

5-6. 

A tragic accident allegedly occurred on  May  24,  1954,  near Las Vegas, 
Nevada,  when an experimental jet aircraft was  destroyed  as  it attempted 
to shoot down  a  fiying saucer. 

Winder,  R.H. B.  Vehicle stopiage at Hook.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

Nov.-Dec.  1967:  6-7. 

Report of motor vehicle electrical system failure in conjunction with UFO 
sighting f'..ct.  26,  1967,  near Hook,  England. 

============================================
LANDINGS 

L'affaire de  Valensole.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Sept.  1965:  5-24. 

On  the  morning of July 1,  1965,  Maurice Masse of Valensole,  France,  allegedly 
saw a  landed football-shaped machine in a  lav1!nder  field on his property.  The 
apparent "pilot" of the craft was  about the  height and weight of an eight year 
old boy.  Article reports newspaper accounts of incident and gives details of 
official government investigation. 

Allingham,  Cedric.  Flying saucer from Mars.  New York,  Hritish Book Center, 

1955.  153  p. 

Report of UFO  landing Feb.  18,  1954,  near Lossiemouth,  North Scotland,  and 
author's contact with a  Martian. 

Bowen"  Charles.  Crash-landed UFO near Mendoza.  Flying saucer review,  v.  ll, 

Ma)-June 1965:  7-9. 

A cigar-shaped capsule estimated to be about 8 meters long and 1 meter in 
diameter allegedly fell at San Miguel,  Argentina,  in  Januaey 1965,  and was 
photographed by an aircraft from  the Provincial Aeronautical Bureau. 
According to newspaper account in  La Cronica,  local inhabitants said the 
obje\!t was a flying  saucer and that they had seen little individuals working 
around the craft in uniforms like divers'  suits that gave off a strange 
phosphorescence. 

-----.  A significant report from  France.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

Oct.  1965:  9-11. 

Summary of newsraper aceounts of alleged UFO  landing July 1,  1965,  on  the 
farm  of Maurici:!  Masse ne'U'  Valensole,  France. 

Bowen,  Charles.  Who hoaxes who?  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  July-Aug. 

1965:  6-9. 

Details are given of the alleged la.nd\ng of a  spacecraft at Brooksville,  Fla., 
on  Mar.  2,  1965,  in which two  JBpers containing hieroglyphics were reportedly 
drcpped by an occupant of the SJBCecraft.  Although the incident was labeled a 
"hoax" by  USAF,  the author suggests that "perhaps the attempt to dezelve is 
not as straightforward as it would at first appear." 

Bowen,  Charles and Gordon Creighton.  The Storrington reporl'o;:  landings in 

Sussex?  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  4~6. 

Report of alleged UFO  sightings near storrington,  England: 
(1)  on  Oct.  29, 
1967,  an ice-cream.:cone-shaped object was seen;  (2) on  Nov.  16,  19~7, the 
object vi~ed had a  trumpet shape at w~ appeared to be the front,  a dome 
shaped -center,  and two tails on  the right-hand side.  A gilding humanoid 
figure was seen in connection with the latter sighting. 

Cahn,  J.P.  Flying saucers and the  mysterious little men.  True,  v.  32,  Sept. 

1952~  17-19,  102-112. 

Report of investigation into allegations in  Frank Scully's book,  Behind the 
Flying Saucers (New York,  Henry Holt,  1950),  that a crashed flying  saucer 
and corpses of its three-foot-tall crew had been taken into custody  by the 
U.S.  Air Force.  Claims prove lllltrue and the book a hoax. 

Clark,  Jerome.  Two  new  contact claims.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  May-,June 

1965:  20-23. 

On  January 25,  1965,  a  landed flying  saucer and ita  3 1/2 ft,  occuiants were 
allegedly  seen near Brands Flats,  Virginia.  On  January 30,  1965,  TV  re-
pairman Sid Padrick ailegedly encountered a  landed flying  saucer and was 
invited aboard by iw crew members. 

-----.  UFO  landings in South America,  Flying sr- icers,  Oct.  1966:  24-25. 

Author reports alleged landings of  UFOs  during September in  Brazil and 
Peru and describes the  "ufonauts" observed, 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  The Scoriton affair.  BUFORA  journal and bulletin,  v.  1, 

Autumn 1965:  10-11. 

On  June 7,  1965,  E.  Arthur Bryant sighted a  UFO  that appeared to descend 
onto a  nearby field.  Next  morning,  throughout the area "Where  he  estimated 
the object had  come to earth,  the foliage  and  grass were singed.  A small, 
turbine-like fitting with curved blades was found  as well as a  glass  phial 
containing "silver sand" and  a  piece  of  paper on  which  was  written : 
"Adelphos Adelpho. " 

Creighton,  Gordon.  The extraordinary happenings at Casa Blanca.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  SeJi. -Oct.  1967:  16-18. 

On Aug.  22,  1955,  a group of children playing in  the garden ;lf a  home in 
Casa Blanca,  California,  allegedly first sight.eel  silvery,  spinning discs 
and later 3-ft. -tall transparent beings who emerged from landed craft. 
Authc,r considers accounts of incident by Coral Lorenzen in  Flying Saucer 
Review's The Humanoids and by Winona Cro?:1well in a  19&5  1Ssue of the 
Journal of the Borderland Sciences Researcli  t .. ssoclat.Jon. 

Do flying saucers ever land?  Flying saucel's,  Oct.  1966: 

:JO. 

Li&~:; =~;:;::;rt:i .:.r  flying saucer landings worldwh1e  and encounters with 
humanojd occupants 1964-l966. 

Ductiline,  J.  L.  La repartition des atterrissages de soucoupes volantes en 

France.  Phenoml!nes spatiaux,  May  1965:  21-25. 

By  v!otting the  points of allegoo  UFO  landings over a  period of years on a 
map of  France,  the author obse&"Ves  that they seem to be aligned circularly 
around a  "neutral" center. 

Dunn,  William J.,  Jr.  An analysis of the 1965  Brookville landing case.  Saucer 

news,  v.  13,  June 1966:  6-8. 

Reviews information on  March 196S  sightings of airbol'llf! and landed UFOs 
and contact with  presumed crew near Weeki Wachi  Sprmgs,  Florida. 

Elizabeth Klarer's flying saucer.  Flying sauce'.""s  from  other worlds,  June 1957: 

65-69,  75. 

Mrs.  Elizabeth Klarer gives her account of a flying saucer J.anding near h!r 
home in  Natal,  South Africa,  on  April 7,  1956,  of  her contact with occupant 
and ride in  the spacecraft. 

Enqu1te 'a Valensole.  Phenomenes sintiaux,  Sept.  1965:  42-46. 

Report of a  magistrate on  his inquiry  into claim by Maurice Masse of 
Valensole,  France,  that a  football-shaped flying machine had landed in his 
lavender field  July 1,  1965,  and  h~ had seen the diminutivP  pilot of the craft. 

Fawcett,  George D.  Flying saucers:  explosive situation for 1968.  Flying saucers, 

Apr.  1968:  22-25. 

Study  of 1967  reports of  UFO  incidents from  40 states and  20  foreign countries. 
Included are 75  landings,  56  photographs,  52  car chases,  30  pilot pursuits, 
14  "occuJBnt" reports,  11  radar trackings and  7 UFO-related power failures. 
Many  of  these incidents occured in  North Carolina,  Pennsylvania,  New  Engl&nd, 
Florida,  California,  Ohio,  England,  Canada,  Argentina,  Australia,  Peru,  and 
Mexico. 

Fouere,  Rene and Francine Foliere.  Le  plateau de Valensole serait-il un  haut 

lieu du tourisme insolite?  Phenom'enes spa.tiaux,  Sert.  1966:  10-20. 

There have been four of five  UFO sightings at Valensole,  France,  within 
a year of thf! time Maurice Masse allegedly saw a  landed sracecraft and 
its occupmt in hia lavender field  (July 1,  1965),  according to reports 
cited by the authors. 

Ginan,  Waveney.  The Wiltshire crater mystery:  the meteor that never was. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Seit. -OCt.  1963:  3-7. 

Details of incident where "something" landed in farmer Ray  Blanchard's 
field in Charlton,  Wilshire,  England,  on  July 16,  1963,  leaving a  saucer-
sl".aped depression eight feet in diameter and about four feet in derth. 
In the center of depression was a three-f P.et-d~ep hole variously described 
as from five  inches to one foot  in diameter.  Radiating from  central hole 
were four slot marks,  four feet long and one foot wide. 

Greenbank,  Ant.bony.  Creatures from outer SlllCe  (stepping from  flying saucer). 

In The book of survival.  New  York and  Evanston,  Harper & Row,  1967.  p.  34. 

Advice on what to do in the event of encounter with crew disembarking from 
lantled flying saucer:  (1)  avoid rapid forceful movement;  (2)  use no shrill 
sounds;  (3) breathe quietly;  (4)  avoid giving a  direct menacing gaze. 

Holledge,  James.  Flying saucers  over Australia,  Londo!l,  Melbourne,  Sidney, 

Howitz  Publications,  Inc.,  1965,  130  p. 

Book gives eye witness accounts of flying  saucers sighted over Australia 
as well as saucer landings in Australia. 

The humanoids.  Flying saucer review,  Oct. -·Nov.  1966,  32  p. 

A survey of worldwide reports of landings of  unconventional aerial objects 
and their alleged occupants:  The Villa Santina  [Italy]  Case;  Few and Far 
Between  b:.arading and occupant reports a  rarity in  the  British Isles], 
Charles Bowen;  The  Pattern Behind the  UFO  Landings [Report on  the 
analysis of 200 documented o!>servations  made  in 1954 1,  Jacques Vallee: 
The  Landing at Villares Del Saz [Slllin]  ,  Antonio  Ribera;  The  Humanoids 
in  Latin America,  Gordon Creighton;  The  Landing at Socorro,  N, M.  [  New 
light on  a  classic case] ,  W.  T.  Powers;  UFO Occuµmts  in  United States 
Reports,  Coral Lorenzen;  Questions on  the Occuinnts,  Donald  B.  Hanlon; 
The  Problem of  Non-Contact,  Aime  Michel; Was  it a  Landing at Silvei .on 
[South Africa)?,  Ed  Pitlo and  Edgar Sievers. 

Keel,  John A,  From my  Ohio  Valley note book.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

May-June 1967:  3-5. 

Report on  unpublicized  UFO  "ground level activities" in Ohio and w.,:;i; 
Virginia,  October 1966-J anuary 1967, 

Keel,  John.  The 111.:tle  man  of Gaffney.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr. 

1966:  17-19. 

Details or encounter by  Gaffney,  South Carolina,  police officers with a 
landed flying  s~ucer and its humanoid occuJllnt on  Nov.  17,  1967. 

Kunkel,  Wallace.  The little man who wasn't there.  1'"ate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  48~52. 

Speclal report: a  crowd gathered in  a  canyon  in  the Sierra Nevada mountains 
near Oroville,  Butte County,  Calif.,  on  July 20,  Hl53,  and vainly awaited 
arrival of a  flying  saucer and  its pilot.  Miner John Black ai1d  John Van  Allen 
had allegedly  seen  craft three times on  the  20th of the month--in  March,  May, 
June--and believed it would return July 20th. 

Leslie,  Desmond and George Adamski.  Flying saucerg have landed.  London, 

Werner  Laurie,  1953.  232  p. 

Account of alleged contact by  Adamski with a  landed extraterrestrial SJllcecrait 
anrreetr.g with i..  man from  Venus on  Nov.  20,  1952,  near Desert Center1 
Calif.  Photographs of spacecraft.  Review  by  Leslie of material from  01d 
manuscripts referring to  sightings of  unidentified ob1ects from antiquity. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Diving for  lost UFO.  Fate,  v.  17,  May 1964:  62-65. 

Efforts are being made to salvage a flying  saucer which seemed in  mechanical 
difficulty when  it allegedly  sank in  the  Peropava River,  Brazil,  on  Or,tober  31, 
1963, 

Lorenzen,  Coral and Jim Lorenzen.  UFOs  over the Americas.  New  York,  Signet 

Books,  The New  American  Library,  1968.  254  p. 

Authors  report that 1967  brbught an  unprecedented number of  UFO  landings, 
low-level hovering maneuve.rs,  and landings with  occupants  visible.  They 
suggest that the almost constant UFO activity from 1965 to  the present indicii:es 
that close approaches of the  planet to  Mars  to earth is no  longer a factor; 
there are no  longer  cyclical recurrences of  UFO  activity  peaks.  An  inter-
pretation of  this  might be that UFOs  are interplanetary  in  or·igin and the 
occupants have established  bases close enough to earth so that long  journeys 
are no  longer ne"essary,  the  authors say. 

Michel,  Aime.  Flying saucers in  Europe:  meeting with the :Martian.  Fate,  v.  10, 

, 

Sept.  1957:  43-46. 

A ...... vuu~ .:,!  alleged encounter  by  Antoine Mazaud on  Sept,  10,  1954,  near 
Limoges,  France,  with a  creature apparently from  a  landed "flying saucer." 
Other inhabitants of  Limoges reported sighting on  the  same evening a  reddish 
disc that left a  bluish  trail. 

----- Flying saucers in  Europe:  the little men.  Fate,  v.  10,  Nov.  1957:  72-76, 

On Se.X.  IO,  1954,  Marius Dewilde allegedly saw two creatures tlui.t appeared 
to oo crew of a "flying saucer" that had landed on  railroad tracks in an area 
near Valenciennes,  France.  Details of subsequent investigation are given. 

----- Flying saucers over Europe:  French flying saucer.  Fate,  v.  10,  Dec. 

1957:  33-38. 

A flying saucer allegedly landed in a field  in Saint-Seine-l'Abbaye,  France, 
(near Dijon),  was seen by several people,  and left an  excavated hole  in  the 
ground.  Occurrence was on Oct.  4,  1954. 

----- The  mystery at Marignane.  Fate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1958!  22-30. 

French customs officer Gabriel Gachignard  reported that a weird,  football-
shaped object landed at Marigoane airport (France) on  Oct.  26-27,  1952. 
Reprinted from author's book,  The Truth Abo•1t  Flying Saucers  (New  York, 
Criterion Books,  195~. 

----- Valt.nsole.  Phenomenes sill.tiaux,  Mar.  1966:  21-26. 

Auihor's ir:_yestigation of  claim by Maurice Masse that on  July 1,  1965,  he saw 
a hnded football-shaped flying  machine and  i~ pilot in  his lavender field 
pr.:xluces  new facts.  Among them:  (I)  during the week  preceding the alleged 
inddent,  Masse and his father noticed that young lavender plants were damaged 
as though someone were taking cutting~ from them;  (2)  when  the  UFO  flew  away, 
it accele1-ated rapidly and then vanished completely twenty yards away;  (3)  Masse's 
"IXU"alysis"  may  have been due to post-hy11.1otic  suggestion since "real" ~a-
lysis would have  stopped the heart muscles; and  (4)  Masse may  not be revealing 
all the details of his encounter with the  UFO  ''pilot. "  Reprinted from  Flying 
Saucer Review. 

----- The Valensole affair.  Flying saucer review,  v.  ll,  Nov. -Dec.  1965:  7-9. 

Comment by author on  July l,  1965,  sighting at Valensole,  France,  of  UFO 
and  its humanoid crew based in  his own  investigation. 

Michel,  Aime and Charles Bowen.  A visit to Valensole.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  6-12. 

Aime Michel and Charles Bowen  interview Maurice Masse (in August 1967) 
at Valensole,  France,  about his alleged experience with the humanoid 
occuill.nts  of a flying  saucer that landed on  his  property July 1,  1965, 
Mention  is also  made  of  UFO  sighting on  Sept.  17-18,  1965,  from St.  Michel 
Observatory,  France,  by three astronomers. 

More about Marliens.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Sept, -Oct.  1967:  14-15. 

Report quoting extensively from the  Lausanne  (Switzerland)  news!-llper, 
Feuille d'  Avis,  on  marks discovered  May  9,  1967,  in a  clover field in 
Marliens,  Frruice,  that seem to indicate a flying  saucer landing. 

Nelson,  Buck.  I visited Mars,  Venus,  and the moon.  Search,  Dec.  1955:  6-20. 

Extract from a  lecture given before the Study  Group on  Interplanetary 
Relationships 1  Detroit,  Mich.,  July 26,  1955.  Nelson describes alleged 
interplanetary voyage with extraterrestrials who landed their spacecraft 
on  his farm. 

1966 Tully.  Australian flying saucer review,  No.  9,  Nov.  1966:  16-18. 

On  Jan.  19,  19t36,  banana grower George  Pedley saw a "vapor-like saucer" 
take off from  a "nest" in the reeds near Tully,  Australia.  Two  more "nests" 
were discovered by cane farmer Tom Warren and s'!hool teacher Hank 
Penning during the  month. 

Perego,  Alberto.  The Monguzzi case [Basle,  1965]  •  2 p. 

English translation by  Lou  Zinsstag of  pertinent section of  Peego's Svelato il 
mistero dei dischi volanti  (Rome,  Edizioni del C. I. S. A. E. R. ,  1957). 

Que  s'est-il passe a Marliens.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  June 1967:  24-30. 

Newspaper accounts of May  6,  1967,  incident in  Marliens,  France,  in which. 
markings were found  in  a field for which  there was no conventional explanation. 

Retour sur Attigneville:  l'inc!.dent de Xertigny.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1966: 

13-17. 

Details of further inquiry into incident at Attigneville,  France,  Mar.  26,  1966, 
in which a  strange white wheel with  red spokes at its periphery was seen 
traveling at a constant speed of about  30  kilometers an  hour.  A circular 
depression discovered by a farmer at Xertigny,  France,  on Sept.  4,  1966, 
that he originally thought was a  meteor crater,  is also discussed. 

Retour sur Valensole:  les conclusions de notre eriq~teur.  Ph;nomenes spatiaux, 

Dec.  1965:  11-16. 

The unanimous  opinion  of  persons interrogating Maurice  Masse concerning 
his alleged July 1,  19o5,  encoWlter  with  landed UFO and its occupant is that his 
account of the  incident is a truthful one. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  The  Madrid landing.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  May-June 

1966:  28-31. 

Statements of witnesses to  appearance and  brief ''touch down"  of  UFO  at 
Aluche,  near Casa de  Campo,  S}llin,  on  Feb.  7,  1966. 

Rifat,  Alain.  Was  it a landing at Marliens?  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

Sept-Oct.  1967:  11-13. 

Report on  strange hole and associated marks found  in a  clover field in 
Mullens,  France,  May  9,  1967.  Marks were similar to the Charlton 
crater of 1963,  and to those found  at Valensole in 1965, 

Rymdbes61c 0000eller vad?  Sokaren,  v.  5,  no.  1,  1968:  8-10. 

On August 23,  1967,  in Sweden,  a  "creature" was sightf>d by  two  witnesses 
in conjunction with a  UFO  sighting,  The following day,  footprints were 
found at the site of the encounter. 

Sanderson,  Ivan T.  "Something" landed in  Pennsylvania.  Fate,  v.  19,  Mar.  1966: 

33-35. 

Details are given of the crash of a fiery obje-ct--flying rather than falling at 
1, 062. a mpi and observed to make a  25° turn--near Pittsburgh,  Pa.,  on 
Dec.  9,  .1965. 

Senelier,  Jean.  Observat.~ons sur ,Ie rapport d'analyse cJe  la,terre de  Mar liens; 

remarques sur de  pretendus debris d' O. V. N. I.  Phenomenes spatiaux, 
Dec.  1967:  12-15. 

On May  6,  1967,  markings were found  in a field in Marliens,  France,  that 
were interpreted by some as indicating that an aircraft--terrestrial or 
extraterrestrial--had landed there.  Laboratory analysis of soil samples 
revealed no traces of  material not indigenous to earth: this was also  true 
of analysis of burnt organic material found. 

La "soucoupe" carrle de  Bolazec ou  le tracteur volant.  Phenomenes spatiaux, 

Mar.  1966:  17-20, 

Alleged landing of a  square-shaped UFO  near Bolazec,  France,  on  Jan,  16, 
1966,  Is  reported,  Newspaper accounts  of  incident are cited. 

Thomas,  Franklin.  We  come in  peace.  Los Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing Co,, 

1955.  53  p. 

Account  of alleged flying saucer landing in  Austria and of message of  peace 
conveyed by the Martian  occu{Ent. 

Thomas,  Robert B.  "Flying saucers" or "fairy rings"?  Farmer's almanac, 

v.  175,  1967:  50-51. 

Fairy ring phenomenon,  supposedly caused by  discharge of lightning upon 
the  earth,  is discussed,  It is suggested that it could be  caused by  UFO 
landings. 

The Tully  "nests":  How  freakish  can ·whirlwinds be?  Flying saucers,  Apr.  1968: 

6-9. 

Author examir1es  question of whether areas in Tully,  Australia,  where the 
reeds "were without exception bent below water level,  dead and swirled 
around in a clockwise manner,  as if they had been subjected to some 
terrific rotary force" could be explained in  terms of  known  . ·.mospheric 
processes.  Conclusion is negative.  Reprinted from  Australian Flying 
Saucer Review. 

UFO:  flying saucers.  Poughkeepsie,  N. Y,,  Western Publishing Co.,  1968.  54  p. 

Comic book.  Accounts  of UFOs  in  ancient history,  UFO kidnappings,  and 
"classic" sightings and  landing cases,  including those where occupants  were 
allegedly &een. 

Wilkins,  H.  P~rcy.  Mysteries of space and time.  London,  Frederick Muller,  Ltd., 

1955.  2;J8  p. 

Mysteries on  the  land,  in  the  sea,  in  the  air,  and in outer space are discussed. 
Chapter 2 is devoted to "Flying Things in Space" and  investigates the relia-
bility of various accounts and  probability of impending "invasion" of earth. 
Author  ieels it is improbable that alien life  could exist in our atmosphere 
without a  period of acclimatation in some inaccessible and remote s}X>t  such 
as the interior of South America or amid the snows of the  Himalay~s. 

Zulli,  Alphonse.  Glassboro UFO  landing reviewed.  Fate,  v.  19,  Sept.  1966:  32-39. 

Mysterious holes,  scorched earfo,  injured trees,  and  unidentflied chemicals 
give  evidence that a  30-foot "something" landed on Sept.  4,  1964,  at 
Glassboro,  N. J. 

=======================================
MEN  IN  BLACK 

Barker,  Gray.  Gray Barker's book  of  saucers.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian 

Books,  1965.  77  p. 

Book  catalogues  UFO  sightings in  all inrts of  the  world,  196?.-1963.  Saucer 
landings,  communication b~tween saucer crews and humans,  seizure of 
terrestrials by  saucer crews,  mating of  extraterrestrials with terrestrials, 
and  "the  men  in  black" are discussed. 

----~  They knew  too  much about flying  saucers.  New York,  University  Books, 

1956.  256  p. 

Instances are cited in which flying  saucer investigators have  allegedly been 
frightened  into silence by  various visitors,  including "three  men  in  black." 

Bender,  Albert K.  Flying saucers and  the three  men.  Annotated and with  introd. 

and  epilogue by  Gray  Barker.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books,  1962. 
194  p. 

Discussion of activities of and  reports of  UFO  sightings made to International 
Flying Saucer Bureau,  organized by Bender in April 1952 in  Bridgeport, 
Conn.,  and of Bender's contact with  extraterrestrial beings which he  claims 
resulted in his dissolving  IFSB  in  November 1953.  Published also by 
Paperback Library,  Inc.  (53-686),  New York. 

Easley,  Robert s.  and Rick R.  Hilberg,  MIB:  a  report on  the  mysterious men  in 

black who  have terrorized UFO  witnesses and investigators in all parts of 
the nation.  Cleveland,  Ohio,  UFO  Magazines  Publications,  1968.  24  p. 

Article discusses increasing numbers  of  "hush up" cases where witn~sses 
to important UFO  sightings are being systematically silenced by the "men in 
black." 

K<>e·i,  John A.  The  "silencers" at work.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar, -Apr. 

1967:  10. 

Col,  George P.  Freeman,  Pentagon spokesman for  Project Blue Book,  is 
alleged to have said in  a  press interview that "mysterious men  dressed 
in Air  Force uniforms or bearing impressive crecientials from govern-
ment agencies have been  'silencing'  UFO  witnesses."  Similar mystery 
men have  reportedly turned up and confronted UFO  witnesses in  the states 
of Washington,  Texas,  Connecticut,  and on  Long Island,  N.  Y. 

----- UFO  "agents of terror."  Saga,  v.  33,  Oct.  1967:  29-31,  72-74,  76-79,  81. 

Report on  activities of  "men  in  black" who  masquerade as government 
investigators,  but whose  real job is to seize  pictures of flying  saucers, 
suppress evidence  of  sightings and  contacts,  and frighten  witnes.;as into 
silence. 

----- UFO  report:  the  sinister men in  black.  Fate,  v.  21,  Apr.  1968:  32-39. 

Cites many  reports of appearance of  "men ;n  black."  Suggests they  might 
come from  some group or organization directly related to the  UFO  pheno-
menon  and  are successfully infiltrating our cities and villages.  Their 
mission seems to be to  "silence" individuals who  have had  UFO  experiences. 

Steiger,  Brad.  What  price silence?  Flying saucers,  June 1968:  31. 

A private citizen investigates an alleged  UFO  landing and  is given  a  piece  of 
metal that supposedly fell  from  the machine.  The  metal sample is taken 
away from him  during a  visit by what seemed to be  representatives of  "the 
men  in  black. " 

=======================================
MISSION 

Adamski,  George.  Flying saucers farewell.  London,  New  York,  Abelard-

Schuman,  1961.  190  p. 

Adamski discusses the reasons spacecraft from  other planets are visiting 
earth and man's  place in  the universe as reportedly revealed to him  through 
contact with beings from  Venus,  Mars,  and  Saturn.  Published also with 
title Behind the Flying Saucer Mystery by  Paperback Library (53-439), 
New Yorl:. 

Ashtar.  In  days to come.  Los Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing Co.,  1955.  91  p. 

Prophesies the  coming of legions of  "s~ce people" to assist in  establishing 
the  new  Golden  Age.  Message received through automatic writing. 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Feb.  1961:  22-24,  58. 

Discusses conclusion by some  UFO researchers that UFOs are hostile and 
suggests that the  occasional injuries they have caused might be accidental. 

Tte book of  spaceships in  their relationship with the earth.  Los Angeles, 

DeVorss & Co.,  1967.  47  p. 

Discussion of origin and intent of extraterrestrial spacecraft in  earth's atmos-
phere by  one  who  alleges to  be a  traveler in these spacecraft as well as an 
aerial traveler without any kind of vehicle but his own  body. 

Clark,  Jerome.  Why  UFOs  are hostile.  Flying saucer review,  '"  13,  Nov. -

Dec.  1967:  18-20. 

Author postulates that because  UFOs  have killed and  injured seemingly 
innocent  persons,  we  should not conclude that the saucers have  sinister 
motives;  because UFCs  usually do  not bother us,  we  should not conclude 
that they  are indifferent to us;  because  UFO  beings are sometimes kind 
to  us,  we  should not conclude that they  like us.  We  should conclude, 
though,  t:~at they are intimately concerned with us--to the  extent  that  t:1ey 
have  gone  to fantastic  lengths to prevent us from  knowing what they are 
cioing. 

Clarke,  Arthur C.  When  earthmen become t.'le  "UFO" of other planets.  Flying 

saucers,  Aug.  1968:  8-17. 

The  story of the  movie  "2001:  A Space Odyssey," translating the  challenges 
posed by extraterrestrial life into a  motion  picture. 

Cove,  Gordon.  Who  pilots the flying saucers.  London,  The Author,  1955.  80  p. 

Flying saucers,  according to the author,  are celestial warnings of an 
impending Divine interruption of the course of world events:  they are to 
wan men of the coming judgement and to e11c:ourage  the believer. 

Cox,  Adrian.  Thoughts on  extended dimensions.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

July-Aug.  1963:  8-9. 

Article assumes that some,  at least,  llf the contact claims are genuine and 
inquires into the possible motives of those who are allegedly visiting us. 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  Amazing news from  RJJssia.  Flying saucer revi~w, v.  8, 

Nov. -Dec.  1962:  27-28. 

Translation of an article by Signor Alberto Fenoglio stating that the  USSR' s 
munitions  plants,  atomic  installations,  airfields,  and  missile bases are 
under constant UFO surveillance.  Article.;  appeared in Oltre il cielo:  missili 
& razzi,  Issue No.  105,  June 1-15,  1962. 

The most amazing case of all.  Analysis of the Brazilian farmer's story. 

Flying saucer i·eview,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr.  1965:  5-8. 

Author analyses details of Antoni1J  Villas  Boas story that he was taken aboard 
a  landed flying saucer and seduced by  a white-skinned,  red-hairerf,  slant-eyed 
woman.  He  speculates that the mission of some extraterrestrial visitors 
might be to breed a  mixed race--a new  race which would have  inherited some 
of our characteristics,  including our ability t.o  live  in  a  niixture of  SOS( 
nitrogen and 20%  oxygen. 

----- Postscript to the most 1mazing case of all.  Fiying saucer ri!view,  v.  11, 

July-Aug.  1965:  24-25. 

Author suggests that far from  being sensational,  the account of the  seduction 
of a  Brazilian farmer aboard a  landed flying saucer by an apiarently extra-
terrestrial woman  "is nothing new  in the long history of the  planet earth." 
He  cites instances of apparently similar incidents. 

----- A small "experiment"?  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  1967: 

16-17,  20. 

~eport of a  series of five  cases of  sudden and inexplicable  loss of  conscious-
ness at Barra de Tijuca,  Brazil,  accominnying UFO  sighting,:.  Aa 
presented identical features,  and all  occurred in a  very restricted area 
and within an absolute limit of thirty minutes.  Corroborated by  reputable 
physicians and  hospital staff.  It is suggested that a  UFO  might  have  been 
carrying out some "test" on  earthmen designed to  asce!"tain  [;UCh  things 
as degree of  "susceptibility" of the  "targets," and the s}A!ed  with which 
ambulances and  doctors can respond in  emergencies. 

Duclout,  Jorge A. ,ardNapy Duclout.  Unico documento confirmado sobre el 

origen,  estructura y destino de las platos voladores; tra.nscripcioo de 
las grabaciones,  sobre alambre,  registradas durante experimentaciones 
psiquicas en que  se concerto una cita con  un  plato volador,  la cual fue 
complida en la fecha preestablecida;  2da.  Edicion,  amplia.da con los 
testimonios del {Bsaje de un  plato vulador,  el 6 de Septiember de  1954. 
Buenos Aires,  America Tecnica & Editorial J.  A.  Ouclout,  1956.  179  p. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards' report: what do flying  saucers w.mt?  Fate, 

v.  10,  Sept.  1957:  19-27. 

A scient!st (who  asked to remain anonymous) theorizes that beings from 
Mars are transporting minerals mined on  the  moon and water taken 
from the earth back to their own  planet in what we  call "flying saucers. " 

----- Frank Edwards'  report: why  shoot the moon?  Fater  v.  11,  May  1958:  41-47. 

Cites evidence of  unusual  UFO  activity near both  polar regions.  with numerous 
report; of  UFOs  moving north and south at considerable altituae,  pre-
sumably in  transit from  one  pole to the othPr,  Suggests that "unknowns"  may 
have  established a  base on  the  moon. 

----- The spies from  outer s{Bce.  Real,  v.  5,  Nov.  1954:  20-21,  58-60. 

Evidence is given by  the author to  support his belief that a  "blanket of 
silence" imposecl:  by the Government is preventing th{'  , ... tilic from  getting 
all the facts about unidentified flying objects.  He  also suggests that flying 
saucers are extraterrestrial and engaged in reconnaissance activities. 

Farish,  Lucius.  Cattle rustling by  UFO.  Fate,  v,  19,  Apr.  1966:  4Z-45. 

"Rustling" of  a  heifer from  the farm  of Alexander Hamilton  by  UFO  on 
April  21,  1897,  is described. 

Fawcett,  George D,  Current UFO  status.  Flying saucers,  June·l968:  18-19. 

During 1967,  93  UFO  landings,  81  UFO  car chases,  62  UFO  photographs, 
36  UFO  plane encounters,  30  UFO  occu{Bnt  reports,  11  radar trackings of 
UFOs,  and  9 power failures  related to  UFO  appearances were reported 
worldwide. 

----- The flying  saucers  are hostile.  Flying  saucers,  Feb.  1961:  12-21,  58. 

Chronicles ap{Brently  hostile acts by  UFOs  1944-1960.  Lists statements 
that  UFOs  are extraterrestrial spacecraft by  Air Chief Marshall Lord 
Dowding;  Dr.  Herma,nn  Oberth;  Lt,  Col.  John O'Mara; Wilbur  B.  Smith; 
Albert M.  Chop;  and Geneiral  L.  M.  Chassin. 

Ferguson,  William.  A message from  outer space.  Oak  Park.  Ill., Golden Age 

Press,  1955.  54  ~ 

A translation decoding the Book  of Revelations allegedly given to author 
teleIBthically by  "Khauga,  the angel who  gave  it to St.  John. "  Flying 
saucers are said to be  the s}llcecraft o(  "perfec! ee  beings" who  are 
"progressed to a  four dimensional state of  reality" and who are "preparing 
earth for the second coming of Jesus." 

Flanders,  C.  M.  Superman--does he  really exist?  Flying s~ucers, Oct.  1959: 

16-19.  45. 

Author  postulates a  "Federation" of  super beings who  are keeping earth 
ma.n's efforts to invade S}llce under surveillance. 

The flying  saucer menace.  New York and  London,  Universal  Publishing and 

Distributing Corp.,  1967,  64  p. 

Facts ancj  inotographs that wwld seem to  indicate  UFO  hostility. 

Fontes,  Olavo  T.  Brazilian top secret report revealed.  Flying saucers,  Feb,  ll:'oO: 

6-14,  24. 

Three instances are related in which  UFOs  sighted in  Brazil in  1957 seemed 
to have hostile intent and tu possess a  weapon  used as a  means of defense 
and attack that completely disru1:ts  electrical systems. 

----- Djing girl sa.ved  by humanoid surgeons.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

Sept. ~Oct.  1967:  5-6. 

Entities from  a  flying saucer allegedly "operated" with an  instrument  re-
sembling a  flashlight on  a  girl dy!ng  of  cancer  (Oct.  25,  1958, ). 
Incident 
occured in  Petropolis,  Brazil.  A complete cure was  reportedly effected. 

----- Project Argus and the "anonymous" satellite.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1959: 

8-12. 

Author suggests that the  mission of nuclear missile launching  Project Argus 
may have been to destroy an  unidentified satellite that circled the earth 
from  Aug.  16,  1959,  until Argus' warheads were exploded  in  since Aug.  27, 
Aug.  30,  and Sept  6,  Satellite may  have  been associated with  UFOs, 
author speculates. 

Gaddis,  Vincent H.  Survey of  mysterious disappearances 
horizons.  Philadelphia,  Chilton Co. ,  1965  p.  161-225. 

In  his Invisible 

Describes disappearances of  men and  aircraft under circumstances that 
would suggest kidnapping by  extraterrestrials. 

Giles,  Gordon A,  The  UFOs  have taken  over the  earth.  Monsieur,  v.  9, 

Apr.  1967:  10-13,  54-55, 

It is claimed that reported UFO  activities seem to fall into a  definite 
iattern consistent with  the  idea of an  "earth µltrol" carried on  by other beings. 

Gli UFO  debattuti all' ONU.  Centro unico  nazionale  per lo studio del fenomeni 

ritl?nuti di natun extraterrestre.  Notiziaric,  No.  6,  1967: 

Report on Dr.  James E.  McDonald's  June 7,  1967,  speech before the  U.  N. 
Outer Siace Committee expressing belief that UFOs  may be extraterrestrial 
siacecralt on  reconnaisant'e missions to earth. 

Grant,  W.  V.  Men  from  the  moon  in America.  Dallas,  Texas,  The Author,  [ 195-] 

31  p. 

"SJllce  men" who  have allegedly contacted certain humans are supernatural 
beings from  an evil  (anti-Christ) source and  are not from the moon,  other 
planets,  or a Russian satellite,  the author postulates.  Their goal of 
ruling the world is to be accomplished by deceiving and thereby  influencing 
mankind. 

----- Men  in  the flying  saucers identified.  Dallas,  Tex.,  The Author,  (195_ J 32  p. 

Author  postulate·; that flying  saucers are reai and that there are supernatural 
beings in  them;  l1owever,  he  claims that these spirits are den.oniac anti- Christ 
forces  attemptin~ to dupe man and take over our world. 

Hapgood,  Charles H.  The  Piri Reis map of  1513.  Keene,  N.  H.,  The Author, 

1962.  48  p. 

The  accuracy of  both latitude and  longitude throughout the  Piri Reis map of 
1513  is inexplicable  in terms of  our  present ideas of  the  extE'r'  of geographical 
knowledge  and  cartographic science in ancient times or ir 
the author contends. 
It has  been  speculated that data usec. 
survey by an  extraterrestrial siacecraft. 

·  1enaissance, 
,(,re from aerial 

Hecker,  Randall C.  Did  UFO  sabotage  Mariner IV?  Fate,  v.  20,  Way  1967:  32-37. 

Appearance of  UFO  near Tidbinbilla  [Australia] tracking station and con-
comitant loss of  Mariner IV  l;pace  probe] signals on  July 14,  1965,  is 
suggested as defensive  measure by  intelligences controlling  UFO  to  prevent 
relay of  information that life exists on Mars. 

Heline,  Corinne.  America's invisible guidauce.  Los  Angeles,  New  Age  Press, 

1949.  175  p. 

An  "invisible hierarchy" is postulated by  the author composed of  an 
"exalted brotherhood" that has elected to render world service by guarding 
and guiding world destiny  "from the  higher levels of the inner planes. " 

Is the  u.  s.  government ex1:iecting  invaders from  since'?  Flying saucers 

from  other worlds,  Aug.  1957:  16-21. 

Presents "factual" though circumstantial evidence to suppo:rt theory that 
'USAF knows that some ot the unidentified objects ob;;erved are from  other 
worlds and  is taking measures to repulse an  extrate~·restrial invasion force. 

Keel,  John A.  Secret UFO  bases across the U.  S.  Saga,  v.  36,  Apr.  1968:  30-33, 

86,  89-90,  92-94,  96. 

Author suggests that "while everyone has been studying the skies,  searching 
for a  clue to  the origin of the UFOs,  the  objects and  their occui:ants may 
have been happily nesting almost in  our very  midst,  quietly  prei:aring for 
their '0-Day' ! " 

----- The  UFO  kidnap,ers.  Saga,  v.  331  Feb.  1967:  10-14,  50,  52-54,  56-60,  62. 

Documents  instances where  UFOs  have tracked and  sometimes kidna,l)ped 
humans.  Reports cases where airborne planes have been  engulfed by  UFOs. 

----- UFO  report: the sinister men  in  black.  Fate,  v.  21,  Apr.  1968:  32-39. 

Cites many  reports of appearance of  "men in  black."  Suggests they  might 
come from some group or organization directly related to the UFO  pheno-
menon and are successfully infiltrating our cities and  villages.  Their 
mission seems to be to  "silence" individuals who  have  had  UFO  experiences. 

Keyhoe,  Donald E.  The flying  saucers are real.  New York,  Fawcett Publications, 

1950.  175  p. 

Author states his conclusions about the  UFO  phenomenon:  (1)  the earth has been 
under  periodic observation from another  planet,  or other  planets,  for at leant 
two  centuries;  (2)  this observation suddenly  increased in 194 7,  following  the 
series of  A-bomb explosions begun  in  1945;  (3)  the  observation,  now  inter-
mittent,  is i:art of a  long-range survey  and will l!ontinue  indefinitely. 

Larson,  Kenneth  L.  Charles  Fort and  the  UFO.  Flying saucers,  July 1959: 

20-23,  42. 

Speculates on  whether sightings of  unidentified flying  objects between 
November 1896 and April 1897  reported by Charles Fort implied that 
an aerial survey of the world took  place. 

Layne,  Meade.  The  coming of  the guardians.  Vista,  Calif.,  Borderland 

Sciences Research Associates  Foundation,  Inc.  (P. 0,  Box  548),  1964.  72  p. 

UFO  phenomenon  is discussed,  the nature and origin of  the  spacecraft,  and 
the reasons for their incursion into earth's atmosphere.  Author postulat::is 
they do  not belong to the world of  three-dimensional  matter,  but emerge 
from  denser etheric worlds. 

Lindsay,  Gordon.  The riddle of the flying saucers.  Dallas,  Tex.,  The Voice of 

Healing Publishing Co. ,  1966.  31  p. 

Author says that reports of  flying saucers landing in the desert,  claiming to 
come from  other planets,  claiming to oe  creatures of a  high state evolutionary 
development,  claiming to  bring knowledge to  the  human  race to save it from 
disaster -- do  not ring true.  He sugi;ests that the whole thing has the earmarks 
of the diabolical. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  The Fitzgerald investigation:  what it means.  Flying saucers, 

May  1959:  47-50. 

On  Sept.  21,  1958,  Mrs.  William  Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake,  Ohio,  allegedly 
saw an apparently  intelligently controlled metallic object about 22  feet in 
di2.meter and six feet thick;  luminescent smoke seemed to issue from nozzles 
in  apertur .. s  on  the rim.  Author compares this  report to  similar ones 
throughout the world that were accompanied by  mention of electrical inter-
ference and power failure and concludes  !hat the era.ft may  be engaged in 
weapons testing. 

----- Flying saucers: the  startling evidence of the invasion from  outer space. 

New York and Toronto,  Signet Books,  New  American Library,  278  p. 

Authur  presents evidence in support of theory that  UFOs  are reconnoitering 
earth's water reserves and military defenses,  gathering flora and fauna, 
and tracking our space  missiles.  Original title:  The Great Flying Saucer Hoax 
(New  York,  Willi::i.m-Frederick  Press,  1962). 

----- The great flying saucer hoax;  the  UFO  facts and their interpretation. 

New York,  William-Frederick Press,  for the Aerial  Phenomena Research 
Organization of Tucson,  Ariz. ,  1962.  257  p. 

Author,  director of Aerial  Phenomena Research Organization,  presents 
documented information  to  support theory that UFOs  are not only  real, 
bu~ are extraterrestrial and  unfriendly  and that visitations follow  a 
pattern indicating military reco11naissance and biological and ecological 
survey.  Published also with titl~ Flying Saucers in  JXiperback edition 
by  New American Library,  Inc.  (Signet book  T3058),  New  York. 

Luna,  Walter F.  Los  UFOs  y su posible  mision en la tierra.  Montevideo,  The 

Author,  1968,  15  p. 

Assuming that UFOs  are extraterrestrial spacecraft under intelligent control, 
the author speculates on  their mission to the  planet earth. 

McDonald,  James E.  Are UFOs  extraterrestrial surveillance craft?  Tucson, 

Ariz. ,  The Author,  1968.  4  p. 

Stressing the need for establishment of  a  vigorous  investigation  program of 
the UFO  phenomenon,  the author noted that close-range sightings of 
machine like objects of unconventional  nature and  unconventional  performance 
characteristics,  seen at low  altitudes,  appeared to be occurring all over the 
globe,  possibly with increasing frequency.  Suggestions that such observations 

can be explained away  in  terms of  meteorological optics or in  terms of 
atmospheric plasmas cannot be supported with  cogent scientific 
arguments,  i1e  said.  Talk given  Mar.  26,  1968,  before the  American 
Institute of Aeronautics  and Astronautir.s,  Los Angeles,  Calif. 

Marais,  D.  Are we  being watched?  Personality,  v.  1410,  Jan.  l,  HIM:  26-28, 

Misraki,  Paul.  Les  extraterrestres,  pir Paul Thomas  [ pseud.]  Paris,  Pion, 

1962.  224  p. 

Develops  hypothesis that from  earliest antiquity to  modern times,  extra-
terrP.strial beings have kept earth under surveillance,  have  at times 
visited this planet,  and have frequently  modified the  course of history by 
means  of  spectacular appearances.  Cites biblical  passages and ancient 
manuscripts. 

The mystery satellite: a study  in  confusion.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  May-

June 1960:  25-26. 

Possible extraterrestrial origin is discussed of  satellite discovered circling 
earth in  near-polar orbit in  February 1960.  Reconnaissa.!ce  mission possible. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Flying saucers come from  a distant world,  American weekly, 

Oct.  24,  1954:  4-5. 

Author states that flying  saucers are possibly  manned by  intelligent observers 
who  are members of  a  race that may  have  been  investigating earth for 
centuries and that they  possibly have  been  sent to  concilct  systematic, 
long-range investigations,  first of  men,  animals and vegetation,  and  more 
recently of atomic centers,  armaments.  and centers of  armament production. 

Philip,  Brother.  Secret of the Andes.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books, 

1961.  151  p. 

Discusses the connection of  lost cities of South America and the  UFO  pheno-
menon.  Postulates that current presence of  numerous  extraterrestrial 
s~cecraft in  earth's atmosphere is to assist in  evacuation of  earth following 
an  impending catastrophe. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  More about  UFOs  and  the  sea.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Nov. -

Dec.  1965:  17-18. 

Author summarizes events which  may  indicate  underwater reconnaissance by 
UFOs  of  submarine bases, 

Sanctillean.  Flying saucers: portents of these "last days, "  Santa Barbara,  Calif. , 

I.  F.  Rowny  Press,  1950.  39  p. 

Some  o(  the  "mystery ships'' which so puzzle mankind today are said to be 
observation scouts from  other planets and dimensions seeking to discover 
where next there may  be a  rocket experiment or an atomic  bomo explo::;ion. 

Settimo,  Gianni.  Gli  U, F. 0,  preJBrano un  "Rapporto Kinsey"  interplanetario? 

Clypeus,  v.  5,  Feb.  1968:  ~3-34. 

Article suggests that some UFOs  might  be  studying the sex habits of humans 
and cites cases that would  seem to support the theory. 

Sprinkle,  R.  Leo,  Patterns of  UFO  reports,  Laramie,  Wyoming,.  The Author, 

1967.  15  p. 

References are cited which  survey the literature on  UFO  reports,  including 
explanatory hypotheses.  Results of various investigators are summarized, 
with  emphasis on  evidence indicating that UFOs  are spacecraft controlled by 
intelligent  beings who are conducting ao  intensive survey of the earth. 
Suggestions are offered with r<:>gard  to  psychological  procedures and techni-
ques  for investigating  UFO  reports,  with emphasis on  hy{Xlotic  techniques 
and the  pendulum  technique for comparing the reliability of conscious and 
subconscious  information from  t.JFO  observers.  Speech given at Sept.  1-5, 
1968,  meeting of American  Psychological Association,  Washington,  D.  C., 
under title "Psychological  Proulems of Gathering  UFO  Data. " 

Steiger 1  ilrad.  Flying saucers on  the attack.  Saga,  v.  34,  1967:  32-35,  76,  78-81, 

83-84. 

UFO  cases a.re  cited which would  seem to  indicate hostile intent. 

Steiger,  Brad and Joan Whritenour.  Flying saucers are hostile.  New  York,  Award 

Books,  1967.  160  p. 

Documented cases in  which  UFOs  have allegedly been  involved  in  murders, 
kidnappings,  auto  crashes,  destruction of airplanes,  and other acts of 
aggression. 

The strange intruder.  Newsweek,  v.  56,  July 4,  1960:  83, 

Radio astronomer Ronald  Bracewell comments on  JX>Ssibility  that an unidentified 
satellite from  an  extrate!'restrial civilization is orbiting the  sun. 

Tomas,  Andrew.  Their  purpose of  coming?  Australian  fl~•ing saucer review, 

no.  9,  Nov.  1966:  5-7. 

Summary of theories that attempt to explain the purpose of  extraterrestrial 
spacecraft visitations in  the past,  in modern history,  and currently. 

Wellman,  Wade.  Sense and  speculation.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

Oct.  1965:  30-31. 

The belief ls expressed that two  or more races are partlciinting in  scrutiny 
of  Qur  planet and  may long since have  "taken it over, " without our 
knowledge,  since their doings  might not attract our notice. 

Willems,  Louis.  De  lieve invasie.  A. B. c.,  Oct.  8,  1966:  14-16. 

Speculation on whether increasing reports of worldwide sightings of  UFOs 
harbinger an  invasion  JY  extraterrestrial &Jeings. 

----- Wordt de aarde door andere  planeten  bes pied?  A. B. c., June  4,  1966:  6-11. 

Summary of information that would seem to indicate that earth has been under 
surveillance by extraterrestrial pilots of  the sincecraft ovserved in earth's 
atmosphere since earliest record€d  history. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  ·Flying saucers on  the attack.  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1954. 

329  p. 

Author traces reports of cosmic visitors to  earth's skies as far back as 729 A. D. 
Conjectures that st1ister or hostile forces of  unknown  interplanetary origin 
may act to keep space ~plorers from  earth well within limits of substratosphere. 
London  ed.  has title:  Flying  Saucers from  the  Moon.  Published also in  paper-
back  edition by Ace  Books  (A-11),  New York. 

----- Flying saucers uncensored,  New York,  Citadel Press,  1955.  255  p. 

Author catalogues  UFO  sightings and  incidents over u. K.,  Western  Europe, 
U.  s.,  and  Australia from 1~~7through1955 and speculates that extraterrestrial 
visitants are possibly established in  bases on  moon  and  other planets;  a 
cosmic general staff may  receive reports on  terrestrial affairs as well as 
biological and ecological samples from  earth for  purposes of  study and 
experimentation.  Published also in  British edition(London,  Arco,  1956),  and 
in  paperback edition by  Pyramid  Pubns.,  Inc.  (Tl651),  New  York. 

Williamson,  George  Hunt.  other tongues--other flesh.  Amherst,  Wis. ,  Amherst 

Press,  1953.  448  p. 

Author affirms that extraterrestrial visitors have  been coming to earth in 
spacecraft for several millenia and  quotes  references to them  in the  Bible, 
ancient mythology,  and old documents.  He  relates technological and  socio-
logical  progress on  earth to  influence  of  space intelligences and  cites references 
from  latest authenticated  UFO  sightings to  support theory that visitors from 
space are now  making themselves known  to the world as a  whole  to  lead man-
kind  to  a new,  enlightened age. 

----- Secret places of  the  lion.  Amherst,  Wis. ,  Amherst Press,  1958.  230  p. 

Author cites Biblical JDSSages and  material in  ancient manuscriits to 
support theory that many  leaders of the JDSt were men and women  from 
other world·;  in  time and space who  had migrated to earth in  what today are 
called UFOs  ~o assist mankind in  its climb from  beasthood to  manhood. 
He  discloses discoveries suggesting that ancient civilizations in South America, 
especially,  had continuing contact with extraterrestrial visitors. 

Williamson,  George Hunt and  John  McCoy.  UFOs  confidential!;  the mc'lning 

.>ehind the most closely guarded secret of  all time.  Co.r?Js Christi,  Tex. , 
Essene  Press,  1958.  100  p. 

=============================================
NEWS  MANAGEMENT 

Bryant,  Larry W.  A hard look at UFO  news  management,  Fate,  v.  17,  Feb,  1964: 

41-44. 

Author asserts that ''paper curtain" around  UFO news  includes the local as 
well as national level. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  is the UFO  "curtain" lifting?  Fate, 

v,  ll,  June 1958:  47-54. 

Cites instances of  apparent suppression of  UFO  news  by  the Air  Force and 
analyzes current official actions that seem to  indicate a change in  policy. 

Strentz,  Herb.  Seeing saucers.  Colun~'.J1a journalism review,  Fall 1966:  23-2$, 

Press coverage of  reported UFO  sightings is treated. 

=================================================
OCCUPANTS 

Barker,  Gray.  The case for non-human  space visitors.  Flying saucers,  Feb,  1959: 

18-23. 

Cites landing/contact reports th:tt would  seem to indicate that some  saucers 
either contain  or are piloted  by  1~on-humanoid entities.  Mentions  speculation 
that alien animals  might  ue  deposited on  earth,  then taken up again  to undergo 
laboratory examination to  det~rmine how  the atmosphere,  disease germs,  and 
other environmental factors  on  earth had affected them. 

----- Gray  Barker's book of  saucers.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian  Books, 

1965.  77  p. 

Book catalogues  UFO  sightings  in  all  parts of the world,  1962-1963,  Saucer 
landings,  communication between saucer crews and humans,  seizure of 
terrestrials ty saucer crews,  mating of  extraterrestri~ls with terrestrials, 
and the  "men in  black" are discussed, 

Barker,  Gray.  The  monster and the saucer.  Fate,  v.  6,  Jan.  1953:  12-17, 

Account of author's  investigation of sighting  on  September 12,  1952,  near 
Flatwoods,  W,  Va.,  of a  "ten-foot,  red-faced monster,  which sprayed a 
foul,  sickening gas."  There were seven witnesses whose  stories agreed. 

Bowen,  Charles.  Crash-landed UFO  near Mendez.a,  Flying saucer review,  v.  !l, 

May-June 19115:  7-9. 

Details of  case in which a  mysterious artefact  "fell" at San  Miguel,  Argentina 
(January 1965).  According to  newspaper account,  local inhabitants declared 
the object was a flying saucer and that they saw  "little" individuals walking 
around the craft in  uniforms  like divers'  suits, 

----- The  spectre of Winterfeld.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb,  1968: 

15-17. 

Encounter  of  young couple on  Nov.  13,  1967,  near Cranleigh,  England,  with a 
4 1/2 foot  luminous  entity that was  accompanied by  a  nauseating odor. 
Description of  entity was  similar to that of  the "Flatwoods  monster." 

Brandt,  Ivan.  The  problem  of the  Frankensteins.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

May-June 1967:  16-19. 

Incidents are summarized which seem to  suppcrt the author's speculation 
that some extraterrestrials have arrived at a stage of  chemical and physio-
logical knowledge which has enabled them to produce a very advanced type 
of biological robot which they  send or bring with them  to our planet to 
help with their research. 

Cahn,  J,  P,  Flying saucers and  the mysterious little men.  True,  v.  32,  Sept. 

1952:  17-19,  102-112. 

Report of  investigation  into allegations  in  Frank Scully's book,  Behind the 
Flying Saucers  (New York,  Henry  Holt,  1950),  that a  crashed flying saucer 
and corpses of  its three-foot-tall crew had b~e11 taken  into  custody  by the 
U,  S,  Air Force,  Claims  prove untrue and the book  a hoax. 

Caputo,  Livio.  Rapporto sui dischi volanti:  qualcuno ha  parlato con  "loro. " 

Epoca,  v.  LXIV,  Sept,  11,  1966:  30-38, 

Report of  creatures seen in  or near spacecraft of apparently  extraterrestrial 
origin in  countries throughout the world,  1950-1965, 

Clark,  Jerome.  A contact claim.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965: 

30-32. 

Noting the way  in which the  "beingR" associated with the 1897  "airship" sightings 
seemed interested in reinforcing the  belief that the craft was of  mundane origin, 
the author concludes that the  extraterrestrials either were engaged in  some 
unknown  activity  in  which they did not want their real identity  made known,  or 
that they chose to  hide  their existence realizing that the comparative un-
sophistication of nineteenth century Americans wonld  not permit them to 
accept the interplanetary answer. 

----- The  meaning of contact.  Flying saucer revi~w, v.  11,  Sept, -Oct.  1965: 

28-29. 

Speculating that the  UFO  beings  might put a false cover over their activities 
so as to keep officialdom  or anyone  else fro~ coming close to the truth,  the 
author suggests that contac' claims become a  tool with  a two-fold  purpose: 
to discourage legitimate inquiry into the  saucer field  by  making it look 
ridiculous,  and to  instill false ideas into the minds of those who do  go  to 
investigate the subject. 

----- UFO  landings in  ~outh America.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  24-25. 

Author reports alleged landings of  UFOs  during September in  Brazil and 
Peru and describes the "ufonauts" observed. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  The  extrao1'<iinary  happenings  at Casa Blanca.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  16-18. 

On  Aug.  22,  1955,  a group of  children  playing in  the garden of a  home  in 
Casa  Blanca,  California,  f. llegedly first sighted silvery,  spinning discs and 
later 3-ft. -tall transparent beings who  emerged from  landed craft.  Author 
co:isiders accounts of incident by Coral Lorenzen  in  Flying Saucer Review's 
The Humanoids  and  by Winona Cromwell in  a 1955  issue of  the Journal of the 
Boderland Sciences Research Association. 

Do  flying saucers ever land?  Flying saucers,  Oct,  1966:  30. 

Lists reports of  flying  saucer landings worldwide and  encounters with  humanoid 
occupants 1964-1966, 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  space  men  - or monsters:  Fate,  v.  11, 

Sept,  1958:  76-83. 

Analysis  of conflicting reports of alleged flying  saucer occupants and dis-
cussions of  how  much  truth reports contained. 

Eiseley,  Loren C.  Little men and flying saucers.  Harper's,  v.  206,  Mar.  1953: 

86-91, 

Reasons are given for the author's non-belief in  the tw1.1-foot-tall  beings 
described as crewmen of extraterrestrial sptcecraft al.iegedly  sighted: 
a normal human  being cannot function  with a  ca~city, at the very minim\111, 
of less than 900 cubic centimeter~ of caiacity; a  man with a hundred-cubic-
centimeter brain will not be a  builder of flying saucers--he will be  less 
intelligent than an ape. 

Entities associated with Type I sightings.  Part two:  the scientific interpretation. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  May-June 1964:  3-5. 

Statistical characteristics found  in considering selected accounts of "landing" 
an,a  • .e  "entities'' described in th~ reports are reviewed and :'iscusse<i in 
terms of scientific interest. 

Etranges creatures.  Phenom~nes sintiaux,  Dec.  1966:  32-34. 

Description of "occuJX1.nts"  allegedly seen in conjunction with  landed flying 
saucers in  France,  Argentina,  Venezuela and  Peru. 

Evans,  Gordon H.  Do  the  UFOs  use a  JX!.ralysis  ray?  Fate,  v.  19,  Dec.  1966: 

101-105. 

Evidence  is presented suggesting that e:ii.traterrestrials visiting earth use a 
raraiysis device to stun or immobilize defensively. 

Fawcett,  George D.  Flying saucers:  explosive situation for 1968.  Fiying saucers, 

Ar;r.  1968:  22-25. 

Study of 196ireports of  UFO  incider.ts from  40 states and  20  foreign  countries, 
Included are 75  landings,  56  photographs,  52  car chases,  30  pilot pursuits, 
14  "occuJX!.nt"  reports,  11  radar trackings,  and  7 UFO-related  power failures. 
Many  of these incidents occured in  North Carolina,  Pennsylvania,  New  England, 
Florida,  California,  Ohio,  England,  Canada,  Argetina,  Australia,  Peru,  and 
Mexico. 

Flying silucers:  UFO  report--No.  2,  New  York,  Dell  Publishing Co.,  1967.  64  p. 

Summary of  the  "sense and  nonsense  sp~culation and  theories" relating to 
the  UFO  phenomenon. 
Includes informa·:ion on  landings,  saucer occupants, 
the  Michigan  "flap,'' commonly reported UFO typ1:-s,  ::>.nd UFO research organi-
zations.  Details are given  of  sighting at Wanaque  Reservoir  (N.  J,) on 
Jan.  13,  1966,  and mysterious glowing  particles seen by  John Glenn while 
in  orbit around the earth Feb,  20,  1962, 

Fontes,  Olavo T.  Dying girl saved by humanoid surgeons.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  5-6. 

Entities from  a flying  sauct1r  ai~~gedly "opcraled" with  an instrument resembling 
a  flashlight on a.  girl dying of  cancer  (Oct.  25,  1958, ), 
Petropolis~  Brazil.  A complete cure waR  reportedly effected, 

Incident occured in 

Foutre,  Rene.  Seraient-ils des revenants du  futur?  Phenomenes spatiaux, 

June 1966:  ll-i4. 

Author speculates on at explanation fer the fact that UFO  occl•pants do not 
attempt widespread contact with huma."ls:  they might be time travelers 
returning to  the past from  the future. 

----- Surhumains OIJ  so~-humains, anges ou demons,  que  sont les extra-

terrestres?  PMnomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1966:  5-ll. 

Speculation on  the nature of the extraterrestrial beings apparently visiting 
earth based in  }llrl on  reports of "contactees." 

----- Une  lumiere qui traverse les murs.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1967: 

23-24. 

Accounts of incidentsin Arg~ntimduring October 1963 and  January 1965 when 
UFOs  caused individuals observing them to lose all mobility by directing at 
the houses they  occupied what appeared to be a  team of  light. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Little  men from  all aver.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  30-33. 

Descriptions of flying  saucer occupants sent to  Fate from  all over the world 
are summarized.  Reports were from  Muenster~rmany; Q'.larouble, 
France;  Mofjell,  Norway;  Bucine,  Tuscany,  Italy; Sudbury,  Ont.,  Canada; 
and Coldwater,  Kansas. 

----- The,  men who  ride in  saucers.  Fate,  v.  7,  May 1954:  44-47. 

Alleged contacts of  earthmen with  crewmen of flying  saucers are reported, 
including the stories of  Truman  Bethurum,  George Adamski,  Orfeo Angelucci, 
and  John  Black and  John Van  Allen. 

Gilman,  Peter.  Do  the cherubim come from  Mars?  Flyin.; saucer review,  v.  13, 

Sept. -Oct.  1967:  19-21,  29. 

On  Apr.  24,  1964,  Gary Wilcox,  who  was working his farm  in  Newark Valley, 
N.  Y. ,  allegedly saw a  UFO  land in a  nearby field.  The crew were two 
humanoid 4-ft. -tall entities who were holding specimens· of  soil and  sod, 
said they were from  Mars,  and who  explained that although  they had  been 
obtaining their food  from  the atmosphere,  they  had  to find  a way  to 
rehabilitate their soil to raise food.  Author suggests that  "food taken  from 
the atmosphere  might  be :>.nalogous  to the celestial manna described in  the 
Bible in  Exodus;  the angels involved in  this manifestation were the cherubim 
and U "'l'efore  may  have come frmn  Mars.''  The  entities also said there would 
be earning changes in  the universe which would  affect our solar systein and 
that  Mars  may  be where  earth is now.  Author draws a  µi.rallel  between 
this information and Velikovsky's theory  in  Worlds in  Collision. 

Goupil,  Jean.  L'hypothese du champ ~.i.-ilsif:  essaie d'explications des incidents 

de tcelly.  PMnomenes spiltiaux,  Mar.  196'1:  18-23. 

A hypothesis ii;  advanced to explain behavior of  the  "creatures" seen at 
Kelly,  Kentucky,  on  Aug.  21,  1955. 

Grant,  w.  V.  Men  in  the flying saucers identified.  Dallas,  Tex.,  The Author, 

[195-]  32  p. 

Author postulates that flying saucers are real and that there are supernatural 
beings in them;  however,  he claims that these spirits are  demoniac  anti-
Christ forces attempting to dupe  man and  take over our world. 

Greenbank,  Anthony.  Creat•U"es from outer SJBCe  (stepping from  flying  saucer). 

In  The book of survival.  f.ew York and  Evanston,  Harper & Row,  196'1.  34  p. 

Advice ort what to do in the event of  encounter with crew disembarking from 
landed flying  saucer:  (1)  avoid rapid forceful  movement;  (2)  use no  shrill sounds; 
(3)  breathe quietly;  (4)  avoid giving a direct menacing gaze. 

Helland,  Albert E.  They caught a s}Bceman.  Fate,  v.  11,  Mar.  1958:  62. 

Author quotes from  ancient manuscript to cite instance when  an apJBrently 
extraterrestrial being was captured and released during the 13th century. 

Hugill,  Joanna.  On  the road from  Sydney  to  Melbourne.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  3,  11. 

Story of  the alleged refusal by an Australian  motocyclist on  Aug.  24,  1967, 
to respond to  the  invitation of  two  silver-clad figures  standing beside a 
saucer-shaped craft to come aboard.  Author prepared article from  transcript 
of taped interview with witness by  Peter Norris,  chairman of Victorian  Flying 
Saucer Research Society,  and  M.  Thornhill. 

The humanoids.  Flying saucer review,  Oct. -Nov.  1966.  32  p. 

A  survey of  worldwide  reports of  landings  of  unconventional aerial objects 
and their alleged occu}Bnts:  The Villa Santina [Italy]  Case;  Few and  Far 
Between f Landing and  occui:nnt reports a  rarity in  the  British Isles], 
Charles Bowen;  The  Pattern Behind the  UFO Landings  [Report on  the analysis 
of  200  documented observations made  in 1954 ],  Jacques Vallee;  The  Land~ng 
at Villares Del  Saz  [Si:nin],  Antonio  Ribera;  The  Humanoids  in  Latin 
America,  Gordon Creighton;  The  Landing at Socorro,  N.  M. [New  light on  a 
classic case],  W.  T,  Powers;  UFO  Occui:nnts in  United States Reports, 
Coral  Lorenzen;  Questions on  the Occui:nnts,  Donald  B.  Hanlon;  The  Problem 
of  Non-Contac_!,  Aime' Michel;  Was  it a  Landing at Silverton [South AfricaJ?, 
Ed  Pillo arrl  Edgar Sievers. 

lbson,  Jack.  Did  a since visitor land in  Bradford?  Flying saucer news, 

Autumn  1955:  4-5. 

A 3mall humanoid being about  4-ft tall,  dressed in  skin  tight black clothing, 
armb down  by sides and feet together,  was allegedly seen in Yorkshire, 
England,  on  August 15,  1955.  It did not walk,  but hopped with both feet 
together.  A cigar-shaped UFO  was seen in  the sky earlier in the evening. 

Janse•·1,  Clai'e John.  Little tin  men  in  Minnesota.  Fate,  v.  19,  Feb.  1966:  36-40. 

Sighting of  rocket-like  UFO  and  its tin can-shaped occuinnts on  Oct.  23,  1965, 
near Long  Prairie,  Minn.,  is reported. 

Keel,  John A.  Never mind the  saucer!  Did you  see the guys who were driving? 

True,  v.  48,  February 1967:  36-37,  78,  80-83. 

Article cites cases reported worldwide of creatures observed in  vicinity of 
grounded  UFOs.  Similarities and differences in alleged appearance, 
behavior,  and dress are noted. 

----- New  landing and creature reports.  Flying sa11cer review,  v.  12,  Nov. -Dec. 

1966:  5-8. 

Reports of  strange objects and lights  in the  skies above  Erie,  Pa.,  and 
surrounding districts during July 1966 are discussed and a  UFO landing and 
unearthly creature sightings during the same  period detailed. 

Knight,  Oscar  F.  Wolverton  trail event:  a  visitor from  Veflus.  Strathmore,  Calif. , 

1063. 

11  p. 

During a  camping trip in Sequoia National  Park,  Calif.  on  July 1,  1955,  author 
observed a  "mother ship" from which  a  number of  smaller UFOs were dis-
charged.  He  later encountered a being whoss strangeness of  manner and 
speech led to speculation that he  may  have  been an  occui:ant of the strange 
craft. 

Ley,  Willy.  The  mighty  invaders from  outer since,  Catholic digest,  v.  22, 

Apr,  1958:  25-29. 

"Portrait" of the  man  from  planet X:  {l) he  breathes air;  (2)  he  eats both 
plants  and  meat;  (3)  he  is probably  not  much  larger than the largest human 
being;  (4)  he  weighs  at least 40  pounds and  probably  more;  (5)  he has a  skull 
of  some kind;  (6)  he  has two  eyes and ears;  (7)  his eyes and ears are near 
the  brain; and  (8)  he  has hands and feet.  Condensed from  This Week,  Nov.  10, 
1957. 

Lloyd,  Dan.  Crawling lights--a new development.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13, 

May-June 1967:  29-30. 

Report on  alleged sightings in  Ohio during March 1966  of  strange objects 
including two types of  sinceship-W~e craft; doughnut-shaped  pulsating lights 
that "crawled" along the walls of  a  house;  and  moving,  stump-like creatures, 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Besieged by  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  17,  june 1964:  34-38, 

On October 18,  1963,  truck driver Eugenio  Douglas was  reportedly accosted 
by three "robots" near Monte  Mabe,  Argentina.  On  October 21,  the  entire 
Moreno family  in  Cordoba province,  Argentina,  allegedly s:iw a  landed  UFO; 
five other discs kept the family  under  seige with beams of light that ma.de 
the  house  "hot ~s an oven," 

----- The reality of  the little men.  Flying saucers,  Dec,  1958:  26-34. 

Relates incidents where "little men" were reportedly seen in  connection with 
landed UFOs  in  South America,  1950-1955, 

Lorenzen,  Coral and .Jim  Lorenzen.  Flying saucer occuinnts.  Introd.  by 
Dr.  Frank B.  Salisbury,  New  York,  Signet Books,  The New  American 
Library,  1967.  213  p. 

Reports from  men  and women  who  have allegedly  seen and communicated with 
extraterrestrial creatures,  Authors,  directors of  the Aerial  Phenomena 
Research Organization,  claim that eyewitness reliability has been checked 
by  psychiatric and other scientific  methods.  Also,  an  in-depth analysis of 
the role of  the CIA  in  the study of  UFO  sightings is given. 

Michel,  Aime.  Flying saucers in  Europe:  meeting with the Martian.  Fate,  v.  IO, 

Sept,  1957:  43-46, 

Account of  allegedencounter by  Antoine Mazaud on  Sept.  10,  1954,  near 
Limoges,  France,  with a  creature apinrently from  a landed  "flying saucer." 
Other inhabitants of  Limoges reported sighting on  the  same evening a 
reddish disc that left a  bluish trail. 

----- Flying saucers in  Europe:  the little men,  Fate,  v.  10,  Nov,  1957:  72-76, 

On  Sept.  10,  1954,  Marius Dewilde allegedly  saw two  creatures that appeared 
to be crew of a  "flying saucer" that had landed on  railroad tracks in  an  area 
near Valenciennes,  France.  Details of subsequent investigation are given, 

Miller,  Max  B.  Recent dramatic saucer reports.  Fate,  v.  13,  Jan.  1960:  29-32. 

Details are given  of  UFO  sightings  in  New  Zealand,  Australia,  and  New  Guinea 
during June-July 1959  where occuinnts were observed by  responsible  persons. 

"M, O.C." et leurs occuinnts vus au sol en  1967.  Lumie~es dans  la nuit,  no.  93, 

Mar. -Apr.  1968:  14-16. 

Landed  UFOs  and their occuinnts seen during 1967  in Chile,  Sinin,  Argentina, 
and the  U,  S. 

The New  Zealand "flap" of 1909.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Nov. -Dec.  1964: 

32-33. 

Discussion of newspaper reports of cigar-shaped flying objects and their 
occupants observed over New  Zealand in 1909. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Flying saucers come from  a  distant world.  American weekly, 

Oct.  24,  1954:  4-5. 

Author states that flying  saucers are  possibly manned by  intelligent 
observers who  are members of a  race that may have been investigating 
earth for  centuries and that they  possibly  have been  sent out to conduct 
systematic,  long-range investigations,  first of  men,  animals and 
vegetation,  and  more  recently of atomic centers,  armaments,  and centers 
of armament production. 

Ormond,  Ron. 

I  found  a  little green man.  Flying saucers from  other worlds, 

Aug.  1957:  22-26. 

Miner claims that flying  saucers led him  to  cave where  he discovered 
mummified remains of two  creatures 15-16 inches talJ. 

Pereira,  Flavia A.  0  livro vermelho dos discos voadores.  &.l:o  Paulo, 

Edicoes  Florenca Ltda. ,  1965:  486  p. 

Handbook  containing summary tables of  information on  all aspects of the 
UFO  phenomenon worldwide:  sightings,  occupants,  electromagnetic effects, 
radar detection,  professions of  witnesses,  physiological effects, 
geograpMcal distribution,  and statements by  prominent individuals. 

Retour sur Valensole:  les conclusions de  notre enq~teur.  Phe11omene~; 

spatiaux,  Dec.  1965:  11-16. 

The unanimous  opinion  of  persons interrogating Maurice Masse concerning 
his JuJv 1,  1965,  encounter with  landed UFO  and  its occupant is that his 
account of the incident is a  truthful one. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  What happened at  Fatima?  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

Mar. -Apr.  1964:  12-14. 

Resume of  the miracle at Fatima,  north of  Lisbon,  Portugal,  which 
extended from May 1 ~ to Oct.  7,  1917,  in  context of the  UFO  phenomenon. 
Author suggests that  UFO  occu£Xints  may  present themselves  in  terms 
familiar to  "contactees," usaa!ly as divine  manifestations. 

Roberts,  Keith.  Reconsidering the mysterious  "little men."  Saucer news,  v.  12, 

Mar.  1965:  7-~. 

Article reconsiders stories of  crashed UFOs  containing corpses of  "little 
men," 

Robinson,  Jack and  Mary Robinson.  The  case for extraterrestrial little men, 

Saucer news,  v.  13,  Fall 1966:  7-9. 

Presents scientifically feasible biological hypothesi:; for  existence of 
humanoid extraterrestrial beings. 

A sauc~r, two  men,  and  "little creatures."  Flying saucers,  May  1959:  57-60. 

Two  young  men,  Hans  Gustavson and Stig Rydberg,  driving home  from  a 
dance near  Halsingborg,  Sweden.  allegedly sighted a  landed flyini;  saucer 
and were attacked by !our jelly-like lead-grey creatures a  little more than 
four  feet  w'..l.  Incident allegedly occurred Dec.  20,  1958.  Reprinted from 
A. P.R. 0.  Bulletin. 

Scully,  Frank.  Behind the flying  saucers.  New  York,  Henry  Holt,  1950.  230  p. 

Presents information to support position that UFOs  al'e real and that 
official disclaimers of  their existence by  DOD  are calculated to deceive 
the  public.  Claims that a  crashoo flying  saucer and the corpses of  its 
three-foot-tail crew were taken into custody  by  USAF, 

S~eep Rock flying saucer.  Fate,  v.  5,  Feb. -Mar.  1952:  68-72, 

Article consists of a  letter origina!ly fAlblished  in  the September and October 
1950 issues of Steep Rock  Echo,  a  house  magazine of  Steep Rock  Iron  Mines, 
Ltd.,  Steep Rock  Lake,  Ontario,  Canada.  Written  by  a  senior employee  of 
the mine,  the letter reports a flying  saucer sighted July 2,  1950,  that lanrted 
on  water and was apparently  manned by  robots. 

Steiger,  Brad,  Strangers from  the skies.  New  York,  Award  Books,  1966, 

158  p. 

Author cites cases  (1897  to date) on  a worMwide  scale involving sightings 
of flying  saucers and their crews by  humans. 

Steiger,  Br.t.d  1nd  Joan Whritenour.  Abominable spacemen.  Saga,  v.  35, 

Feb.  1968:  34-35,  58-60,  62,  64, 

Article  postulates a  connection  between  UFO  sightings and landings and the 
recent reported appearance of  gorilla-like humanoids throughout the  U. S, 

Thompson,  William C.  Houston  bat man.  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct,  1953:  26-27. 

Figure of  a  man  with wings like a bat,  dressed in  gray or black tight-fitting 
clothing was  reportedly seen in  Houston,  Tex. ,  on  June 18,  1953,  Figure 
was framed in  a glow  of  light.  Appearance  of  apparition  paralleled in  many 
ways object seen  by  seven residents of  Flatwoods,  W.  Va. ,  September 12, 
1953, 

UFO:  flying  saucers.  Poughkeepsie,  N. Y.,  Westen!  Publishing Co.,  1968, 

64  p. 

Comic  book.  Accounts of  UFOs  in ancient history,  UFO kidnappings,  and 
"classic" sightings and landing cases,  including those where occupants 
were allegedly  seen. 

Vallee,  Jacques.  A descriptive study of  the entities associated with the Type l 

sighting,  Flying saucer review,  v,  10,  Jan. -Feb,  1964:  6-12. 

Report on  study  of  UFO  sightings in  which witnesses  pt~ceived f0rms  in human 
shape which they  bP.lieved to be the  pilots of  the spacecra1t.  List of 80  UFO 
sightings from  1909  through 1960 where  pilots were observa.~ with  statistical 
interpretation. 

Wilkins,  H.  Percy.  Mysteries of  space and time.  London,  Frederick Muller, 

Ltd. ,  1955.  208  p. 

Mysteries on  the la.1d,  in  the  sea,  in  the air!',  and in  outer space are 
discussed.  Chapter 2 is devoted to "Flying Things in Space" and investigates 
the reliability of  various accaunts and  probabihcy- of  impending "invasion" 
f)f  earth,  Author feels it is  improbable that alien  Hfe  could exist in our 
atmosphere without a  period of  acclimatation in  som~ inaccessible and  remote 
spot such  as the  interior of South  America or amic the  snows of  the 
Himalayas. 

Winder.  R. B, H.  The  little blue man on  Studham cnmmon.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  3-4. 

Schoolboys  playing  on  the common near Studham  Village  Primary School, 
England,  Jan.  28,  1967,  allegedly sawa 3-ft.-tall man wearing a  helmet and 
emanating a  greyish-blue glow.  He  wore a  one-piece  vestmen~ extendh1J?;  down 
to a  broad black beit supporting a  black box at the front about six inches i:;quare. 
When  pursued by the boys,  he disappeared three times in a  cloud of 
yellowish  mist. 

=============================================
ORIGIN AND  NATURE 

Allen,  W.  Gordon.  Spacecraft from  beyond three dimensions.  New York, 

Exposition  Press,  1959.  202  p. 

Develops  thesis that the  mind of man  seems to  be a  many-Ievelled 
(intellectual levels)  receiver that tunes to the  "universal thought source" 
and  that UFOs  might therefore be thought-controlled "thought form 
phenomena. " 

Are  "contact group" si:;"'htings  metaphysical?  Flying saucers,  July-Aug,  1958: 

12-15,  19. 

Referring to the group of  UFO  investigators who  place a.  mystical,  religious, 
or metaphysical interpretation on the entire UFO  Jitenomenon,  author states 
these concepts cannot be rejected but must be considerE:d,  They could com-
prise a  facet of the overall picture, 

Avignon,  Andre.  Des animaux-machines?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Nov.  1964: 

13-14. 

Compares  Jitysical details of  UFO  sighted at Vauriat:  Frc.nce,  on  Aug.  29, 
1962,  with objects  sighted 184~-1872 and recorded by Charles  Fort in 
Book of the Damned,  Suggests a  machine-lik~ animal  indigenous  to  space 
might be  involved, 

Barker,  Gray.  Hostile  spacecr~.ft.  Flying saucers,  Dec.  1958:  12-23,  78. 

Review  of Trevor James' book,  They  Live in  the Sky  (Los Angeles,  New  Age 
Publishing Co.,  !958),  and  background information cin  James' involvement in 
UFO  res(·a.rch.  James suggests that UFOs  may be  invisible animals 
indigenou:; to our atmosphere. 

Barton,  Michael X,  We  want you.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1960.  34  p. 

Author suggests that not all  l:FOs  ccr~1e from  outside  or inside the  planet 
earth btit that some of  t~1em are Nazi-built (from  the  bluep:t'ints  of  Vikton 
Schauberger) at an armed fortress in  Patagonia  (Argentina)  to which Adolph 
H:..tler fled  in  July 1945.  He  speculates that the story of  Hitler's suicide 
was fraudulent and that Hitler is i::till alive.  The unfulfilled  predictions  of 
Karl Michalek between 1958  and 1960  are also analyzed. 

Bessor,  John P.  Are the saucers space animals?  Fate,  v.  B,  Dec,  1955:  6-12. 

Flying disks,  the author contends,  are a  form  of  space animal,  or creature, 
of  a  highly attenuated  (ectoplasmic?) substance,  ca{llble of  materialization 
and dematerialization,  whose  propellant is a  form  of  kinetic  energy, 

UFOs:  animal  or mineral?  Fate,  v.  20,  Nov.  1967:  32-39, 

Presents facts to substantiate theory  that typical flying  saucers are sky 
animals of an  ''ectoplasmic" substance and are capable of  materialization 
and dematerialization. 

The book  of  spaceships in  their relationship with  the earth.  Los  Angeles, 

DeVorss  & Co.,  1967.  47  p. 

Discussion of  origin and intent of  extraterrestrial spacecraft in  earth's 
atmosphere by  one who  alleges to be a  traveler in  these spacecraft as well 
as an aerial traveler without any kind  of vehicle but his own  body, 

Bowen,  Charles.  Mystery animals.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Nov. -Dec. 

1964:  15-17. 

Markerl increase in  England during 1963-1964  in appearance of large mystery 
animals of the cat family  is discuso:;ed.  Reports indicate that depredations 
by  the animals are sometimes accompanied by  UFO  sightings. 

Bray,  Derek,  R. M.  Flying saucers:  a  startling theory.  Panorama,  v.  1,  Nov. 

1962:  4-7. 

Author  points  out that whenever angelic beings  have  made themselves 
visible to  man,  clothed in  normal costume and  speaking the language of 
the  country,  they have  not been  identified as such until they  chose to 
make themselves known  by an  overt act of  superhuman  power or by 
identifying themselves by word of  mouth;  throughout the ages there  must have 
been,  and very probably still are,  visitations by angP.ls--probably  in  most 
cases appearing as normal human  beings. 

Bull,  F.  Malcolm.  UFO  handbook  2.  London,  British UFO  Research Assn. , 

[ 1964] 

31  p. 

Details are given  of the various natural and man-made  phenomena that could 
be  misinterpreted as unidentified flying  objects. 

Campbell,  John W.,  Jr.  How  do  saurers fly?  Pie,  v.  23,  Nov.  1952:  16-17, 

73-74. 

Reasons are given fer the author's belief that flying  saucers are intelligently 

manned  extraterrestrial sµicecraft.  He  speculates on  where they  come  from 
and  on  why  their pilots seem  to  prefer the western U.S. 

Campione,  Michael  J.  Reality of  UFOs,  their danger,  their hope.  Cinnaminson, 

N. J.,  The  Author,  1965. 

16  p. 

General discussion  of  the  UFO  phenomenon,  including recognizable 
characteristics,  physiological effects  on  humans,  statistics on  sightings 
and landings,  theories  on  their origin,  and  USAF  policy. 

Clarke,  Arthur C.  Flying saucers.  Journal of  the  British Interplanetary Society, 

V.  12,  May  1953:  97-100. 

In  author's opinion,  UFOs  are not  material bodies because: 
observed to travel at accelerations which  no  material body  could stand,  and 
(2)  despite the  enormous speeds reported,  no  sonic booms are ever heard.  He 
considers it possible that UFOs  may  ''turn out to be of  intelligent extra-
terresb'ial origin"  but  "if they  are artificial,  a~d come from  other  planets,  it 
is fairly  certain they are not  spaceships ... they  will be  something very  much 
more sophisticated. " 

(1)  they  have  been 

----- What's up there?  Holiday,  v.  25,  Mar.  1959:  32,  34-37,  39-40. 

Author describes personal UFO  sightings that proved to have  conventional 
explanations.  He  suggests that many  hard core  unexplained  UFOs  may  be 
"plasmoids" -- ball lightning, 

Marked increase in  England during 1963-1964  in  appearance of  large mystery 
animals of  the cat family  is discussed,  Reports indicate that depredations 
by  the animals are sometimes accompanied by  UFO  sightings. 

Bray,  Derek,  R. M.  Flying saucers:  a startling theory.  Panorama,  v.  1,  Nov. 

1962:  4-7. 

Author points out that whenever angelic  beings have  made themselves 
visible to  man,  clothed in  normal costume and  speaking the language of 
the country,  they have not been  identified as such until they  chose  to 
make themselves known  by an overt act of  superhuman  power or by 
identifying themselves  by  word  of  mouth;  throughout the ages there  must have 
been,  and very  probably  still are,  visitations by angf.!ls--probably  in most 
cases appearing as normal human beings. 

Bull,  F,  Malcolm.  UFO  handbook  2.  London,  British  UFO  Research Assn. , 

[1964] 

31  p. 

Details are given  of  the various natural and  man-made  phenomena that could 
be  misinterpreted as unidentified flying  objects. 

Campbell,  John W.,  Jr.  How  do saurers fly?  Pie,  v.  23,  Nov.  1952:  16-17, 

73-74. 

Reasons are given fer  the author's belief that flying  saucers are intelligently 

manned  extraterrestrial spacecraft.  He  speculates  on  where  they  come from 
and  on  why  their pilots  seem to  prefer the western  U.S. 

Campione,  Michael  J.  Reality  of  UFOs,  their danger,  their hope.  Cinnaminson, 

N. J. ,  The  Author,  1965. 

16  p. 

General discussion of the  UFO  phenomenon,  including recognizable 
characteristics,  physiological effects  on  humans,  statistics on  sightings 
and  landings,  theories  on  their origin,  and  USAF  policy. 

Clarke,  Arthur C.  Flying saucers.  Journal of  the  British Interplanetary Society, 

V.  12,  May  1953:  97-100. 

In  author's opinion,  UFOs  are not material bodies ber.ause:  (l)  they  have  been 
observed to travel at accelerations which  no  material body  could stand,  and 
(2)  despite the  enormous  speeds reported,  no  sonic booms are ever heard,  He 
considers it possible that  UFOs  may  "turn out to  be of  intelligent extra-
terrest:rial origin" but  "if they are artificial,  a:ld  come from  other  planets,  it 
is fairly  certain they are not  spaceship!' ••. they  will  be  something very much 
more sophisticated. " 

----- What's up  there?  Holiday,  v.  25,  Mar.  1959:  32,  34-37,  39-40. 

Author describes personal  UFO  sightings that proved to have  conventional 
explanations.  He  suggests that many  hard core unexplained  UFOs  may be 
"plasmoids" -- ball  lightning. 

Ferguson,  William.  A message from  outer space.  Oak  Park,  Ill.,  Golden  Age 

Press,  1955.  54  p. 

A translation decoding thE>  Book of Revelations allegedly given to author 
telepathically by  "Khauga,  the angel who gave itto St.  John."  Flying saucers 
are said to  be the spacecraft of  "perfected beings'' who  ru:e  "progressed to a 
four dimensional ~tate of  reality" and  who  are "preparing earth for the 
second coming of Jesus. " 

Finds saucers exist solely in imagination.  Science digest,  v.  37,  J at;.  1955:  24. 

Flying saucer controversy;  meteorological balloons,  and weather conditions 

which  may  provide explanations  of the  phenomenon.  Illustrated T ... ondon  news, 
v.  223,  Dec.  5,  1953:  936-937. 

The flying  saucer mystery.  Science news  letter,  v.  57,  Mar.  25,  1950:  188. 

The  "most likely" explanations  of  reported flying  saucers are reported as: 
(1)  the  planet Venus;  (2)  balloons;  (3)  meb•ors;  (4)  secretly tested aircraft; 
(5)  mass hallucinations;  (6)  secret disc-like devices being tested by  the 
armed forces. 

Flying saucers.  The engineer,  v.  191,  Mar.  30,  1951:  416-417. 

Office of  Naval Research's official announcement that flying  saucers are 
Skyhook balloons  prompted  speculation as to why,  if this is true,  so much 
time and effort were lavished on  "Project Saucer." 

Flying saucers.  Public  opinion  quarterly,  v.  14,  Fall 1950:  597-598. 

Results of  poll  in which question was asked:  What do you  think flying  saucers 
are?  Asked of  94%  of  a national  sample who  had heard or read of  UFOs. 
23o/r  believed they were Army  or Navy  experiments or new  weapons;  16% 
thought them  to  be  an  optical  illusion or hoax;  5%  said they were  comets, 
shooting stars,  or something from  another  planet. 

Fouere,  Rene.  Leurres et realites.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Mar.  1967:  13-17, 

Phenomena often  mistaken for  UFOs  are discussed. 

----- Meteors a hublots.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Feb.  1965:  7-9. 

Meteors  and  atmospheric  phetiomena have  often been  mistaken for flying 
saucers.  Plasmas resembling flying  saucers have  been  synthesized in  the 
laboratory.  However,  none  of  these  phenomena have features that even 
remotely  resemble the  "portholes" described in  many  alleged  sightings. 
Presence of  portholes would  then  preclude a  meteoric or other  "natural" 
explanation for a  UFO  sighting. 

Fouere,  Rene.  S~ratent-Us des revenants du  futur?  Phenomenes si::atiau'C 

June 1965:  11-14. 

Author speculates on  an explanation for the fact that UF'•) occupints do net 
attemiX widespread contact with humans:  they might be time travelers 
returning to the  JD.St  from the future. 

----- Surhumains <iU  sous-humains,  anges ou demons,  que  soot les extra-

te,.restrf!s?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1966:  5-ll. 

Speculat'lln on  the  nature of  the  extraterrestrial beings apparently visiting 
earth based in  part on  reports of "contactees. " 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Let's getitstraightabllutthe saucers.  Fate,  v.  5,  Dec.  1952: 

20-31. 

Details of  UFO  sigl'tings over Washington,  D. C.,  during July 1952 are 
reported and some theories ~·~at have been advanced to explain the  UFO 
phenomenon discussed, 

----- The saucers are flying.  Fate,  v.  8,  Aug.  1955:  6-16. 

Postulates five  possible explanations of flying saucers:  (1)  they are space 
ships piloted by intelligent beings from  somewhere else in the universe; 
(2)  they are space animals which bve in  space;  (3)  they are natural 
phenomena such as aggregations of  electrons,  or some other kind of energy 
which we  do not understand;  (4) they  originate on  earth and are man-made: 
(5) they are hnllucina~ions. 

----- Saucers and  ionization.  Fate,  v.  6,  Feb.  1953:  8-10. 

Theory  is advanced that "flying saucer" phenomen·Jn  is du-.~ to ionized areas 
in t.he  air which  fo~lo1v electrical and  magnetic  patterns 01•igi11atlng from the 
higl1  i::>n~.zation powers of  radioc-:t:tive  m.:terials,  thu11de.rsto1• ns,  r:i.diation 
from  the  sun,  or even the slow disintegration  of  natural ores. 

Fuller,  John G.  A communication concerning the  UFOs.  Saturday Review,  v.  50, 

Feb.  4,  1967:  70-72. 

In  SR's science sections for .August  6:  September  3,  an<l  October 1,  John 
Lear,  SR's science editor,  discussed various aspects of the  UFO  controversy. 
4mong several books from  which he took excerpts was  John Fuller's 
"incident at Exeter,"  Fuller takes exception to Lear's articlP.s and 
defends his own  position. 

Gaddis,  Vincent  H.  Mysterious 11.e;hts  and fires,  New York,  David  McKay Co., 

11167.  280  p. 

In  three sections,  "Earth's Glowing Ghosts,"  "Electro-Dynamic Man," and 
"Premat11re Cremations," the book deals wi~ t'lie  enigmatic aspects of 
fires li.nd  lights.  UFOs  are treated in the U.rst  s~tion.  Agreeing that some 
of thest 'lbjects appear to be  metallic craft pllote<i by humanoid  beJngs,  the 
author  j)Oints out that many reported sightings could be what he  calls 
"e!ectro-animals"--a form  of upper-atmospheric life perhr.ps feeding on 
pure <:nergy.  Firefalls,  ball lightning,  fireballs and similar phenomena are 
also tr~ated in the first section. 

Girvan,  Ian Waveney.  Flying saucers and common sense.  London,  Frederick 

Muller,  Ltd. ,  1955,  160  p. 

Discusses mental  processes by  which author came to accept validity of 
theory that  UFOs  emanate from  somewheM outside earth's atrnospherf> 
and that they are piloted or remotely cmtrolled by intelligent beings.  Also 
writes of the impact of  the subject of  UFOs  on  the  public  mind. 

Great balls of fire.  Newsweek,  v.  68,  Sept,  5,  1966:  78, 

Summary of  Philip Klass' theory that many  UFO  sightings ar&  really ball 
lightning, 

Green,  Gabriel and Warren Smith.  Let's face  the fads about flying sa·!:,ers. 

New York,  Popular Library,  1967,  127  p, 

Reports from  research members of the Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs 
of America (AFSCA)  that would  seem to  indicate that UFOs  are vehicles 
from  other planets  piloted by  extraterrestrials. 

Green,  Vaughn  M. 

!::'lyini:i;  monsters.  Fate,  v.  8,  Jan.  1955:  112-114. 

As  our earth evolved,  great winged creatures evolved which  could live in 
outer space,  the  author speculates.  Living in  outer space outside earth's 
atmosphere,  such creatures could  live for hundreds of  years,  stirred 
into activity only  when  meteoric particles disturbed them  or when  by  chance 
they were drawn  into earth's atmosphere.  He  suggests thaf perhaps many 
UFO  sightings could be  explained in  this way. 

Guieu,  Jimmy.  Flying saucers come from another world,  Translated by 

Charles Ashleigh.  London,  Hutchison  & Co. ,  1956.  248  p. 

Halsey,  Wallace C,  Cosmic end-time secrets.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press, 

1965.  102  p. 

Contains collected writings,  lectures,  and  charts of the author.  UFOs,  their 
origin and  purpose,  are discussed,  as well as the story of creation; the 
Tower of  Babel;  our solar sy.;;cem 's imbalance;  functions  of  the  Pyramids:  the 
Infinite Light;  squaring the body;  pineal gland or "third eye" development; 
teleportation;  the work  of  the Melchizedek Order;  cosmic high  noon;  the 
transitor beam;  the White Stone;  and  the Solar Tongue, 

Hanl;;en,  L.  Taylor.  The mystery ship.  Fate,  •r.  1,  Win~er 1949:  30-33. 

Author  spe•.:ulates on  possible origin of wingle:-c·a  spacecraft seen over 
Montgomery,  Ala~ on  July 23,  1949,  and hints that it could have come frvn 
Mars. 

Hull,  J" oe.  Men  in motion;  obituary of  the flying saucers.  The air line  pilot, 

v.  22,  Sept.  1953:  13-1<1. 

Dr.  Donald H.  Menzel's book,  Flying Saucers,  is hailed as having solved the 
flying saucer riddle by  proving that natural atmospheric phenomena ac .. ount 
for  UFO  sightings.  The autho1•  th~reforc ~~stulates that 1953 should mark "the 
-!rtd"  of flying  saucers. 

Hyr:ck,  J.  Allen.  Unusual aerial phenomena.  Journal of the Optical Society  of 

Ameri<!a,  v. '43,  Apr.  1953:  311-314. 

Author reports that several hundred serious reports of "ur.identified aerial 
objects" have been studied in detail in an  attempt to  get a  pattern classifica-
tion.  It appears to him that reported p!J.enomena which  do  not admit of a 
ready and obvious explanati.cn exhibit fairly well-defined ratterns and that 
these are worthy  uf.  f11:1.her  study.  One  pattern in  IW'ticular,  that of a 
hovering noctu1'1lal  lirht,  does not appear to him  to be  readily explainable on 
an astronomical basis or by mirages,  oalloons,  or  conventional aircraft. 

James,  Trevor.  SaJcers and  psychism.  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  Nov. -Dec. 

1959:  24-2'1. 

Any  investigation,  government or '.)ersonal,  which  does not take into account 
the  psychic aspects of  the  UFO  phenomena,  cannot be  considered either 
truly scientific or exhaustive,  the author  postulates.  Ht  believes that UFOs 
come from  and  return to an  optically invisible realm;  UFus are predominently 
of  an  intradimensional nature,  and are not physical ships launched  from  another 
world to journey ac.ross  space to land on  physical earth. 

----- Space animals--a fact of  life.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  J1. iy-Aug. 

1960:  3-7. 

Arti1  le and supporting photographs suggest that UFO  phenomena o!:>served  in 
the skies of the world are of two kinds: 
(1)  extraterrestrial sJ:Qcecraft under 
the int~lligent control of human  or humanoid  pilots;  and  (2)  amoeboid, 
self-luminous creatures of circular shape--resembling m·Jlluscs of the 
ocean--who exist in  the  heat state,  are metallic,  maneuver intelligently, 
and are their own  energy source. 

----- Tht!y  live  in the  sky.  Los Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing Co.,  1958.  270  p. 

Author  postulates that reevaluation of the  UFO  phenomenon  is needed: 
"Blanket terms,  such as the  'sJ:Qce  peo9le1  need to  be eliminated,  and 
careful attention  paid not only  to  the invisible animals that fly  in  our air, 
but to the various orders of beings who  either visit us or who  have their 
natural habitat in  invisible domains surrounding and  inter penetrating our 
own." 

Jessup,  Morris K. 

1  f1e  c2oie  for the  UFO,  unid~ntified .lying objects.  Introd. 

~Frank Edwards.  N~w York,  Citadel  Press,  1955.  239  p. 

Author analyzes and correlates many  paranormal Jitenomena of scientm.c 
record and theori?.es that objects such as stones,  ice,  water,  colored 
:rain,  orgaric matte1·,  living organisms,  and vegetable matter that have 
lall•,;i to earth from  the heavet;.s  come from  intelli~ently operated extra-
te:-1.P.stl'ial  sincecraft or are in sorne way formed,  guided,  or influenced by 
the cpe~tors of such spacecraft. 

----- The expanding case for the  TJFO.  New  York,  Citadel Press,  1957, 

253  p. 

In  this sequel to The C~se for the UFO!  the author further develops the 
theory that paranormal phenomena,  when  collated and analyzed,  support 
belier in  the existence of  intelligence functioning in  space,  He  suggests 
that UFOs  may be a sentient animal life form that originated on  earth aeons 
ago but which now  lives natu.t-a.lly  in open space. 

Kaempffert.  Wa!demar.  Expert ~ees flying object--saucer or balloon. 

Science digest,  v.  31,  Feb,  1952:  74, 

Ar.c;;unt  of Chat'les B.  Moore's  sighting of  UFO  while tracking a Skyhook 
b:illoon with a  theodolite.  Moore was  project engineer for  Project Skyhook; 
UFO  sightings have  often  been explained as Skyhook balloons. 

Keyhoe,  Donald  Edward.  Flying saucers from  outer space,  New York,  Holt, 

1953.  276  p. 

Reports  USAF information on  UFOs  aJ.legedly  leading tc Intelligence ad.mission 
that these are extraterrestria~- and under inteHigent control. 

Klass,  Philip J.  Many  UFOs  are identified as ph~smas.  Aviation week  & space 

technology,  v,  85,  Oct,  3,  1966:  54-55,  57,  59,  6!,  65,  67,  69,  71,  73. 

Evidence is presented in  support of  theory  tha.t  high-level  UFOs  could be 
created by  electric discharge between clouds n1•  between invisible layers 
o!  charged dnst/j_ce  iarticles.  Ol'casional daylight sightings of wh:i.t  have 
been reported as well-structured or silhouetted objects are explainable as 
plasmas that give the illusion of  metal structure,  posEible  due  to whirling 
charged dust or ice  Jll'l'ticles.  Conclusions based on  analys~s of  l'eports 
collected by  National Investigations Committee on  Aerial Phenomena. 

----- Plasma theory  may  explain many  UFOs.  Aviation  week  &  since 

technology,  v.  85,  Aug,  22,  1966:  48-50,  55-56,  60-61. 

Theory  is advanced that many low-altitude  UFOs  are a form  of  ball lightning 
(plasma),  also called kugelblitz,  that is generated by  lightning or by corcna 
discharge alm:g high-voltage  power lines under appropriate conditions.  Idea 
was  prompted by  nu1n(:Lrous  U1"0  sightings on  or near high-teno;;ion  lines, 
especially at Exeter,  N. H.,  during 1965,  and the  <;imilarity of  their charac-
teristics to those reported for some k•_1gelblitz  sightings. 

Kla~'s,  Philip.  That was no  saucer,  that was an  echo.  Aviation week,  v.  59, 

July 20,  1953:  2'3,  28,  30. 

CAA study of unidentified radar plots is reported as showing that the  spurious 
targets are caused by radar energy which  ricochets off  small atmo~pheric 
areas,  strikes the ground,  and returns an echo via fr.€  same path.  These 
isolated refracting areas are normally found  under temperature inversion 
conditions and travel with the wind,  giving movir,g-target indications on 
radar scopes.  Findiugs contained in CAA  T. D.  ReIX>rt  No.  180  entitled 
"A  Preliminary Study  of  Unidentified  Targets Observed on  Air Traffic Control 
Radars" by Richa.rd C.  Borden and Tirey K.  Vickers. 

----- UFOs  -- identified.  New York,  Random  House,  1968.  290  p. 

The<Jry  is advanced that most UFOs  seerr to be  "natural plasmas of ionized 
ai?,  sometirnes containing charged dust particles or tiny charged ice 
particles."  These plasmas may be closely related to St.  Elmo's fire and 
ball lightning.  Thay appear to whirl and float,  sometimes  maneuvering 
as though  they were controlled by an  intelligent bJing;  they can also give off 
light.  Hypothesis is applied to explain reported UFO  sightings near Exeter, 
New Hampshire,  and to an alleged saucer landing in Socorro,  New  Mexico. 

Klemin,  Alexander.  The  flying  saucer.  Aero digest,  v.  32,  Mar.  1950:  129-130. 

Author examines  "flying saucer stories"  from  point of view of aerodynamic 
feasibility and  practicality and concludes tlwre is "nothing in  them. " 

Kor,  Pete1·.  Perspective:  flying  saucers--physical or psychic?  Saucer news, 

v,  13,  Fall 1966:  10-12. 

Inquiry into the language and concepts that have been used to determine the 
mture of  the UFO  phenomenon. 

Layne,  Meade.  The coming of  the guardians.  Vista,  Calif. ,  Borderland Sciences 

Research Associates  Foundation,  me.  (P.O.  Box  548),  1964.  72  p. 

UFO  phenomenon  is discussed,  the nature and  origin of the spacecraft,  and 
the reasons for their incursion into earth's atmosphere.  Author  postulates 
they do  not belong to the world of  three-dimensional matter,  but emerge from 
denser etheric worlds. 

----- Flying discs--the ether ship mystery anrl  its solution.  San  Diego, 

Borderlanrl Scienct·s Research Associates,  1950.  38  p. 

Theorizes that UFOs are supi·:i-physical:  the spacecraft do not come from 
another  planet of our solar system or from  any  other heavenly  body  known  to 
us;  they  come from  the  region of  existence  calle~ the etheric  plane. 

Le Poer Trench,  Brinsky.  The flying saucer story.  London,  Neville Spearman, 

1966.  203  p. 

Author  presents evidence to support his belief that UFOs are extraterrestrial 
and that they  have  visited earth for  millenia. 

----- The  three W's.  Saucer news.  v.  11.  Dec.  1964:  7-10. 

Discusses three questions important in  UFO  research: 
from?  (2)  who crews them?  (3) why  are the~r coming? 

(1)  where do they .. ~om~ 

Liddel,  Urner.  Phantasmagoria or unusual  observations in the atmosphere. 

Journal of  t.,e QJl:ical Society of America,  v.  43,  Apr.  1953:  314-317. 

Author says he  can categorically state that there is no  evidence which leads 
one to doubt the physical  laws  of motion and inertia. or to believe in 
interplanetary travel at this time.  All relia.bly reported UFO  incidents can be 
fully  explained when  sufficient scientific data are provided.  Most of the 
incidents are the result of  reflection,  refraction,  meteors and  meteor trails, 
and diffraction. 

Lindsay,  Gordon.  The riddle of the flying  saucers.  Dallas,  Tex.,  The  Voice of 

Healing  Publishing Co, ,  1966,  31  p. 

Author  says reports do  not  ring true of  flying  saucers landing in the desert, 
nor do  claims of their origin on  oth~r planets,  existence of  cr~atures of  higher 
evolutionary development,  and  their  bringing knowledge  to  the human  race to 
save it from  disaster.  He  suggests that the whole story '1as  the  earmarks of 
the diabolical. 

Loftin,  Rob~rt.  Identified flying  saucers.  New  York,  David McKay Co,,  1968. 

In  press. 

General summary of the various aspects of  the  UFO  controversy.  Author 
states that although  evidence he  has  ~athered over a fifteen year period would 
tend to support the  extraterrestrial l1ypothesis,  it is still an  hypothesis. 

Lorenzen,  Coral and  Jim Lorenzen.  UFOs  over the Americas.  New  York, 

Signet Books,  Tl:e  New  American  Library,  1968,  254  p. 

Authors report that 1967 brought an unprecedented number of  UFO  landings, 
low-level hovering maneuvers,  and  landings with  occupants  visible. 
They  suggest that the almost constant UFO activity from  1965  to  the present 
indicates that close approaches of the  planet to  Mars to earth is no longer a 
factor;  there are no  longer cyclical recurrences of  UFO  activity peaks. 
An  interpretation of  this might be that UFOs  are interplanetary in  origin 
and the occupants have  established bases close enough to earth so that long 
journeys are no  longer necessary,  the  authors say. 

McDonald,  James E.  Are  UFOs  extraterrestrial surveillance craft?  Tucson, 

Ariz.,  The Author,  1968.  4 p, 

Stressing the need for  establishment of a vigorous  investi[,-ation  program of the 
UFO  imenomenon,  the author noted that close-range sightings of  machine-like 
objects of .unconventional nature and  unconventional  performance characteristics, 
seen at low atlitudes,  appeared to be  occurring all over the globe,  possibly with 
increasing frequency.  Suggestions that such observations can be explained 
away  in  terms of meteorological optics or in terms of atmospheric plasmas 
cannot be  supported wlth cogent scientific arguments,  he said.  Talk given 
Mar.  26,  1968,  before the American Institute of  Aeronautics and Astronautics, 
Los Angeles,  Calif. 

----- Science,  technology,  and UFOs.  Tucson,  Ariz.,  the  author,  1968, 

14 p. 

Noting that throughout the entire world only  a small handful  of  scientists have 
taken the trouble to  attempt direct checks on  the  puzzling and recurrent reportr.; 
of  UFO  phenomena,  author presents evidence,  based on  personal investiga-
tion,  to support his hypothesis that UFOs  are extraterrestrial probes or 
vehicles--products  of  some technology  other than  our own.  He  also reviPws 
competitive hypotheses.  Speech p!'esented Jan.  26,  1968,  at a  General Se'.ninar 
of the  United Aircraft Research Laboratories,  East Hartford,  Conn. 

----- Statement on  unidentified flying objects.  Tucson,  Arizona,  The Author, 

1968.  39  p. 

In  his statement,  the author reviews his  experiences in  interviewing  UFO 
witnesses in the  U.S.  and abroad and discusses ways  in which his  p!'ofessional 
experience in the field of atmospheric  physics and  metorology illuminates the 
past  and  present attempts ta account for  UFO  phenomen:J.  Presented at the 
Symposium  on  Unidentified Flying Objects,  Committee on  Science and 
Astronautics,  House of nepresentatives,  July 29,  1968. 

----- UFOer  -det  strste  videnskabelige problem i vor tid?  Denmark,  UFO-NYTs 

Forlag,  1967.  64  p. 

Translation of  "UFOs:  the greatest scientific  problem of  our times,"  delivered 
at the convention of the American Society of  Newspaper Editors,  Washington, 
D. C.,  April  22,  1967. 

----- UFOs--extrr.terrestrial probes?  Astronautics &  aeronautics,  v.  5, 

Aug.  1967:  19-20. 

Author states his belief that the extraterrestrial-origin hypothesis for the 
UFO  phenomenon  must be given serious scientific attention.  He  points out 
that most arguments against feasibility of  interstellar travel are couched 
in terms of  present-day scientific knowledge and  technology, 

Manas,  J oho  H.  Flying saucers and space men:  a  scientific and  metaphysical 
dissertation in interplanetary traveling.  New York,  Pythagorean Society, 
1962.  124  p. 

Maney,  Charles A.  Donald MPnzel and the Newport News  CFO:  a  critical report. 

Fate,  v.  18,  Apr.  1965:  64-75. 

Evidence is offered that Dr.  Menzel's orthodox cxplauations  of fl;•kg 
saucers fall to  ~xplain observed phenomena. 

Maney,  Charles A.  and Richard Hall.  The challenge of  unidentified flying  objects. 

Washington,  The Autho..:"s,  1961.  208  p. 

Book  is a  series of  separate articles by  authors  in  which each  presents his own 
version and inte:i·rret&.tion of  UFO  phenomena. 

March of the news·  new  light  on "flying saucer-s. "  U.S.  news  &  woI'ld report, 

v.  62,  Mar.  20,  1967:  16. 

When  ammonium  vapor is ignited with  a  high-voltage spark,  the result is a 
mass of glowing gas that assumes the shape associated with  U.FOs--a 
disc-shaped subject with an  inverted-saucer top and  sometimes the appearance 
of tiny windows around the  rim.  It can be tracked by  radar and produces 
a  "charge field" that could affect radio performmce nearby.  Research was by 
Dr.  Robert S,  Powell,  Melpar Inc.,  Falls Church,  Va. 

Mauer,  Edgar  F,  Of spots before the eyes.  Science,  \.  115,  Dec.  19,  1952: 

693. 

The author,  a  physician,  suggests that flying  saucers are muscae volitantes 
(motes before the eyes caused by shadows cast upon  the retina by  cells ia the 
vitreous humor)  "or perhaps some abnormal cortical discharges in  the 
migrainous. " 

Meerloo,  J oost A.  Flying saucer syndrome and the need for miracles.  Journal 

of the American Medical Association,  v.  203,  Mar.  18,  1968:  170. 

Analysi8 of subjective interpretation and failures  in  objectivity that may 
explain flying  saucer reports: 
for  magic;  (3)  optical illusions;  (4)  psychological  perceptual distortion; 
(5)  physical  distor~~'>n of  images;  (6)  anxiety;  (7)  flying saucer cult;  (8)  rumor 
and  propaganda. 

(1)  memory distortions;  (2)  personal search 

:.·enzel,  Donald H:.  Flying :;aucel's.  Cambridge,  Harvard University  Press,  1953. 

319  p. 

Phenomena underlying the  20%  of  UFO  sighi.ings that USAF  lists as unexplained 
are reported as meteorological optical effects:  mirages,  reflections in  mist, 
refractions and  reflections by  ice crystals.  Author asserts there is no evidence 
that  UFOs  are interplanetary spacecraft manned by  extraterrestrial beings. 

----- UFO:  fact or fiction?  Cambridge,  Mass.,  The  Author,  1967.  15  p. 

With respect to UFOs,  the author states his  position as being that natural 
explanations exist for  "unexplained" sightings,  He  attempts to  show that 
arguments advanced in favor of the  interplanetary nature of UFOs  are 
fallai!lous, 

Menzel,  Donald H.  and  Lyle G,  Boyd,  The world of flying  saucers.  Garden City, 

N, Y.  ,  Doubleday,  1963,  302  p. 

Authors describe the  common types of  UFO  sighting and analyse some of  the 
repres~ntative and  most interesting cases in each category.  It is concluded 
that specific UFOs  can be accounted for in  terms of  normal  physical 
phenomena. 

Michel,  Aime.  The truth about flying saucers.  New York,  Criterion Books, 

1956,  255  p. 

Author presents and ccmments on  UFO  sightings re ported throughout the 
world from  1947.  Sources include:  Project Saucer  records;  communiques 
or records of the  air forces in  U. s. A.,  U, K, ,  Canada,  South Africa, 
France,  and Sweden;  USAF's Air Technical Intelligence Center; National 
Meteorological Ofiice  (France and the French Union);  French and foreign 
technical  periodicals;  personal inquiries; and information  in the files of 
NICAP.  Summarizes current theories and  explanations of  UFO  phenomena. 

Miller,  R.  DeWitt.  You do take  it with you.  New York,  Citadel Press,  1955. 

238  p. 

Discussion of strange and  unusual  phenomena which seem to demonstrate 
existence of a world beyond the range  ol physical measurement.  Author 
believes that flying  saucers can be  intelligently evaluated only  in this 
context. 

Moorehouse,  Frederick G,  The case of  the flying  saucers.  Argosy,  v.  329,  July 

1949:  22-24,  92, 

Author states that: 
(1)  there are flying saucers;  (2)  they represent the  most 
advanced form  of  guided missile yet to appear;  (3)  they  use a new  source  of 
propulsion which  derives from  a compact "soft fission'  atomic  powerplant 
that affords amazing performance in  terms of  range and speed;  (4)  they use 
a new  scheme for guidance and control that gives a  never-before-reached 
degree of  prP.cision.  He  documents  his  claims. 

Mlseley,  James W.  UFOs,  the universe,  and Mr.  John M.  Cage.  Fate,  v.  15, 

Sept.  1962:  78-84. 

Cage  suggests that UFOs  are not machines but are "sentient life forms of 
a highly  tenuous  composition,  charged with  and feeding  upon  energy in the 
form  of negative electricity. " 

Mulholland,  John.  Magicians scoif at flyir.£  &?U'.ers. 

Sept,  1952:  96-98, 

l-'0puL'\r  scienc.::i,  v.  161, 

Author,  a  professional magician,  states his c.pinion  that flying saucers may 
be optical  illusions. 

The  mystery of  other worlds revealed,  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fawcett Publications, 

1952.  144  p. 

Chapter headings include:  life on other wor!ds;  c.:ommul'ication with other 
worlds;  the exinnding universe;  possibilities for an  invasion base on  the  moon; 
a  case for flying  saucers; investigation  of the Carolina saucer; are the flying 
sauc~rs Russian-owned? 

New  light on flying saucers.  u. S.  news  & world report,  v.  62,  Mar.  20,  1967:  16. 

Report that Dr.  Robert S.  Powell at Melinr,  Inc.,  had succei>ded in  making 
"flying  saucers" in the laboratory by  igniting ammonia vapo.: with a  high 
voltage  spark. 

Oberth,  Hermann,  Dr.  Hermann Oberth discusses  UFOs,  Fate,  v.  15,  May  1962: 

36-43, 

Author  says that in  the  abs~ncr. cf a  more  plausible explanation,  one might 
asst.me that UFOs  are  "flying machines" that  (1)  are not built by  human 
beings;  (2) fly  by  means of  artificial gravity fields;  arid  (3)  produce high-
tension electric cha11ges  to  push the air out of  their paths so that it does 
not start glowing,  and  strong magnetic fields to interact with ionized air at 
higher altitudes.  Transitions of  UFOs  from  half-transJlll'ent to invisible 
state might be related to creation of artiUcial gravity fields,  Oberth  "would 
bet 100  to one that some of the contact persons arP.  normal and hs.ve  seen and 
experienced something, " 

----- Flying saucer:;:  come from  a  distant world.  American •;1eekly~  Oct.  24, 

1954:  4-5. 

Author st1tE:s  that flying saucers are possibly manned by  intelligent observers 
who  are  members of  a  race that may  have be~n investigating earth for cen-
turies and that they  passibly have been sent lo conduct systematic,  long-
range invP.stigations,  first of  men,  animali:.  and vegetation,  and  more recently 
of  atomic centers,  armaments,  and  centers of  armament production. 

Palmer,  Ray.  Saucers from  eg_rth:  a  challenge to  secrecy.  Flying saucers, 

Dec,  1959:  8-21. 

Author suggests that the  most logical origin for flying  saPrers is our own 
earth and that the hollow  earth theury,  which  suggest the interior of  the 
earth is poJX!lated  by  a  highly  evolved race w\th great technological skill, 
merits serious attention. 

Perret,  Jacques.  Barbu,  mare de  cafe,  hallebardes.  Mercure de France, 

Mar.  11  1953:  408-427. 

Commentary on  difficulty of ascertaining whether or not UFOs are 
hallucinations. 

Psychoanalyzing the flying saucers.  Air force,  v.  33,  Feb.  1950:  15-19. 

Psychological study  prepared by  USA F's Aeromedical  Laboratory.  Writer 
ccncludes that there are sufficient psychological explanations for the reports 
of unidentified flying objects to provide  plausible explanations for reports not 
otherwise explainable,  Errors in  identifying real stimuli result chiefly from 
inability to estimate speed,  distance,  and  size. 

Rougeron,  Camille.  Soucoupistes et antisoucoupistes.  Illustration,  V.  6, 

Apr.  29,  1950:  422. 

Russian  UFOs.  Soviet science in the news,  v.  5,  July 1963:  1-2. 

Soviet scientists claim the hypothesis that UFOs  originate  in  other worlds 
r.ierits serious examination and are calling for a worldwide investigation. 

Sanctillean.  Flying saucers: portents of these  "la&1 days. "  Santa Barbara,  Calif. , 

I. F.  Rowny  Press,  1950.  39  p, 

Some of the  "mystery ships" which  so puzzle mankind today are said to be 
ob••ervation  scouts from  other  planets and  dimensions  seeking to discover 
whore  next there may be a  rocket experiment or an atomic bomb explosion. 

Sanderson,  Ivan  T.  Uninvited Visitors.  New  York,  Cowles Education Corp., 

1967.  244  p. 

Author,  a biologist,  speculates on  the nature of the  UFO  phP.nomenon, 
Chapter heaflings:  What Collld  UFOs  Be?;  Things in the Sky;  A Thing on 
the Groond;  The Shape and Substance of  UFOs  and  UAOs;  What Do  They Do?; 
Could UFOs  or UAOs  Be Alive?; other Strange  Things Come Down  From the 
Sky;  Our Uninvited Visitors; And  More Uninvited Visitors!; Where Do  They 
Come  From?  How?; When  Did  They Start Coming and Why?; A Concept of 
Cosmic  Evolution, 

Santesson,  Hans S.,  ed.  Flying saucers in fact and fiction.  NP.W  York,  Lancer 

Books,  1968,  22•1  p, 

Antholugy of science fiction stories in  which the central themes revolve 
around "flying saucers" and  imaginative solutions to the  mystery,  Two  non-
fic~ion essays,  one  pro-UFO by Ivan  T,  Sanderson,  and one anti··UFO by 
Lr.ste!' Del Rey,  are included,  other outstar.ding science fiction writers such 
as Robert Bloch,  Judith Merril,  Theodore Sturgeon,  John Stephens,  Miriam 
Allen deFord,  Bertrarr. Chandler,  Edward D.  Hoch,  Aidan van  Alm,  John 
Nicholson,  and Richard Wilson are represented, 

12'1 

Saucers and smoking.  Newsweek,  v.  52,  Aug.  ll,  1958:  85. 

Swiss psychologist Carl Jung is quoted as havinf; written in the Bulletin of  the 
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (date not given) that the  postWar 
sightings cf flying  saucers and oth~r unidentified flying  objects  (UFOs) were 
not hllllucinatiom.;. 

Saucers explained.  Science newsJ;?tter,  v.  77,  Apr.  30,  1960:  279. 

Summary of report by Dr.  Richard P.  Youtz of Barnard College to Eastern 
Psychological Association meeting that  most anexp.1.ained UFOs are 
probably a  peculiarity of  perception known  to  psychologists as "afterimage. " 

Saucers under glass.  Newsweek,  v.  40,  Aug.  18,  1952:  49. 

Physicist Noel Scott reports that he  has  produced flying  saucers in  mlniature 
in  the laboratory.  When  ionized air is introduced into a  partial vacuum,  he 
can  produce orange-red balls,  discs,  and  mushrooms capable  of registering 
on  a  radar screen.  Scott  is employed at the  Research and Development 
Laboratories at Fort Belvoir,  Va. 

Schoenherr,  Luis.  UFOs  and fourth dimension.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

Mar. -Apr.  1963:  10-12. 

Discussing the  relationship between  UFOs and the fourth dimension,  the 
(1)  the fourth dimension is a 
author suggests the following  possibilities: 
means of  connection between different three-dimensional space;  (2)  space 
travelers are indeed coming from  outer space but they  use the fourth 
dimension for their traveling;  (3)  the  UFOs  are not three-dimensional but 
actually four-dimensional objects. 

----- UFOs and the fourth dimension.  Flying saucer review,  v.  IO,  Jan. -Feb. 

1964:  16-20. 

Outlines four  hypotheses concerning the nature of the  UFO  phenomenon: 
(1)  UFOs are a machine emanating from  a region of  the  cosmos unobservable 
in  our space-time continuum;  (2)  UFOs  originate in  our space-time continuum 
but voyage  outside  it using the fourth  dimension;  (3)  UFOs  are four-dimensional 
structures and that  part of the  UFO  observable to us  is the three-dimensional 
projection of the structure in  that  part of  the cosmos observable to  us; 
(4)  UFOs  may  be time machines,  assuming that the fourth dimension  is time. 

----- UFOs  and the fourth dimension.  Flying saucer review,  v.  ll,  Nov. -Dec. 

1965:  12-13,  18. 

Author enlarges on  hypothesis that  UFOs  could be a  sort of  spacecraft 
traveling to our space along the fourth  dimension and suggests that they are 
not necessarily a  means  oLrannportation in the  conventional sense of the 
word,  but  instead,  they  could be  technical devices for the  production of 
local  spatial curvatures which  extend  into the  space to be  contacted.  Once 
this has been accomplished,  beings from  the other space could transcend 
into ours. 

Schopfer,  Siegfried.  Fliegende Untertassen:  ja oder nein?  Stuttgart,  Walter 

Hadecke Verlag,  1955.  32  p. 

lMdence rel2.ting to  UFOs  is examined and author concludes that although 
nallucinations,  images,  and fantasies relating to the  pheilomenon  may  be 
real,  there is no  such thing as a flying  saucer. 

Shalett,  Sidney.  What you  can believe about flying  saucers.  Saturday evening 

post,  v.  221,  May  7,  1949:  36,  184··186. 

Applies  "logical" explanations to reported facts  of  UFO  sightings and con-
cludes they arc results of tricks played hy  sun,  stars,  and senses. 

Sharp,  Peter F.  An  appraisal of the  present UFO  position.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  7,  1961:  19-22. 

Analysis of  current hypotheses which  attempt to  explain UFO  phenomena. 

Slim  chance for  saucer sightings.  Science digest,  v.  43,  Feb.  1958:  60. 

USAF  says there are less than two  chances in  100 that UFO  sightings cannot 
be identified as familiar objects,  reports Chemical and Engineering News. 
The  six categories into which  USAF  places UFOs  are:  balloons,  aircraft, 
astronomical,  other (i.e.,  .reflections,  searchlight3,  birds,  clouds,  hoaxes, 
ice crystals,  fireballs),  insufficient data,  and  unknowns. 

Some  "saucers'' may  be  electrical.  New  scientist,  v.  31,  Sept.  1,  1966:  463. 

Discussion of  Philip J.  Klass' theory that corona discharges,  in  the shape 
of balls of  luminous gas,  occur when  there are salt deposits on  very high 
voltage transmission lines and account for many  UFOs. 

Something in the air.  Time,  v.  60,  Aug.  11,  1952:  58. 

Radar impulses bouncing off  a temperature inversion are suggested as the 
explanation for mysterious radar ''blips" believed by some to  be  caused by 
flying saucers over the Capitol in Washington,  D.C.,  July 20-21,  1952. 

Siace visitors:  examples of  mysterious and well-authenticated unidentified 
flying objects,  by  "Theorist."  Practic3.l mechanics,  v.  24,  Dec.  1956: 
138-141. 

Sprinkle,  R.  Leo.  Patterns of  UFO  reports.  Laramie,  Wyoming,  The Author, 

1967.  15  p. 

References are cited which  f'.lXVey  the liter2.ture en  UFO  reports,  including 
explanatory hypotheses.  F ·_  ·-;ults  of various investigators are summarized, 
with  emphasis on  evidence indicating that UFOs  are spacecraft controlled by 
intelligent beings who are cooducting an lritensive survey of the earth. 
Suggestions are offered with  regard to psychological  procedures and 
techniques for investigating UFO  reports,  with emphasis on  hypnotic tech-
niques and the  pendulum  technique for comparing the reliability of cooscious 
and  subconscious information from  UFO  observers.  Speech given at Sept. 
1-5,  1968,  meeting of American  Psychological Association,  Washington,  D. C, , 
under title "Psychological  Problems of Gathering UFO  Data." 

Stanford,  Rex  G.  Brev fran Rex Stanford.  So!~aren,  v.  5,  no.  3,  1968:  16. 

Author's response to  questions  submitted to him  by the editor,  Sven 
Magnusson.  He  states his belief that flying saucers come from and are coo-
trolled by  beings from  outer space,  The author's book,  Look  Up,  was 
translated into Swedish with title Kontakt med Rymdmanniskor  (Halsingborg, 
Parthenon,  1959).  Aiso discussed  is Project Starlight International, 
organized by his brother,  Ray  Stanford,  Corpus Christi,  Tex.,  to collect 
physical  proof of the existence of  GFOs. 

Bteiger,  Brad and  Joan Whritenour.  The  Allende  letters.  New  York,  Award 

Books,  1968.  155  p. 

When  the Office of  Naval  Research  published a  limited edition of a strangely 
annotated copy  of  Morris Jessup's book,  The Case for the UFO,  it included 
two  letters received by  Jessup from  Carlos Allende,  who was apparently 
one  of  the annotators.  This book  explores Allende's role in  the  UFO 
controversy, 

Stranges,  Frank E.  Danger from  the stars.  Venice,  Calif.,  International 

Evangelism Crusades,  Inc. ,  1960.  14  p. 

Author  postulates that planet earth has been  host to generations of  inte:rstellar 
visitors who  can  travel with or without what we  call fiying  saucers and who fall 
into four classifications:  ministering ang~l-::;  guardian  angels;  angel  reapers; 
and  fallen  angels.  He  discusses their characteristics and  trait&  ar.d  then 
warns against "counterfeit" flying  discs causing crashes,  near collisions, 
near-havoc,  and  all  manner of fear and  superstition.  He  lists occurrences 
1945-1960 that seem to  ind:icate  a  r..attern  of  violence and deliberate 
interference. 

Stumbaugh,  Virginia.  The  anatomy  of  mirages.  Fate,  v.  6,  Apr.  1953:  85-93, 

Stating that an  important segment of  scientific opinion  believes  that flying 
saucers can be  explained as mirages,  the author discusses phenomena that 
are proven  mirages and  the  conditions necessary for the  phenomenon  to  be 
manifested.  She  says that while  many  UFO  sightings fit into a  mirage 
theory,  scores do  not., 

Study radar  ''ghosts."  1cience news letter,  v,  62,  Aug.  16,  1952:  99. 

Article states that ;i.  DOD  ienel is trying to discover the  phenomena that can 
tt is hoped that findings will  help dispel impression 
be  picked up by radr..r. 
that unexpected ''blips" appearing on  radar screens are "flying saucers." 

Sykes,  Egerton.  Flying saucers and negative  matter.  Atlantis,  v.  5,  Sept. 

1962:  49-51. 

It l:w.s  been established,  asserts the author,  that if heavy matter can be 
volatized instantaneously,  it may  under certain circumstances recombine on 
the negative side of lite si.:ale.  This second.µoy  :;tage will be shortlived,  but 
will have characteristics similar to  those of fireballs. 

Temperature inversions cause "flying saucers."  Science news letter,  v.  62, 

Dec.  20:  1952:  388. 

Reports the CM had confirmed that the  "flying saucers" seen on  radar scope 
at National Airport near Washington,  D.C.,  during July 1952  were result of 
temperature inversions bending the radar waves, 

Those flying  saucers; an l\stronomer's explanation.  Time,  v.  59,  June 9,  1952: 

54-56. 

Dr.  Donald H.  Men:.:el,  Harvard professor of astrophysics,  analyzes 
frequently-reported characteristics of flying  saucers and uses scientific 
deduction  to  show that sightings were caused by terrestrial rather than 
P.xtraterrestrial  phenomena. 

Tufty,  Barbara.  8 planet-probe robots.  Science  newsletter,  v.  84,  Oct.  12, 

1963:  22'1. 

Ufology.  Newsweek,  v.  62,  Aug,  5,  1963:  44, 

Review  of  Donald H.  Menzel  and  Lyle G.  Boyd's oook  The World of  Flying 
Saucers  (New York,  Double.day,  1963). 

Unger,  George.  Flying saucers:  physical and spiritual aspects.  Foreword by  Dr, 

H.  Poppelbaum.  East Grinstead,  Sussex,  Eng. ,  New  Knowledge  Books, 
1958.  43  p. 

An  anthroposophist convinced of  spiritual relationship between  the  cosmos and 
earth,  author  postulates that while  UFOs  are real phenomena,  they are not 
spacecraft  from  other planets;  the spreading of  sensational news  about 
their appearances  may  be considered a  large-scale diverting mar.oeuvre by 
adverse spiritual forces  to distract mankind from  task of  spiritual development. 

Uriondo,  Oscar A.  Objetos aereos no  identificados:  un  enigma actual.  Buenos 

Aires,  The Author,  1965.  155  p. 

State-of-the-art report on theories and research relating to the UFO 
phenomenon.  Author concludes that at  present it is impossible to either 
prove or disprove the reality of flying saucers.  He  urge::s  international 
cooperation  in  a  program to resolve the  i)roblem. 

U. s.  space  plans offer clue to  CFO  problem,  The UFO  investigator,  v,  2, 

Jan. -Feb,  1963:  6-7. 

Assuming that there are inhabited planets,  some of  which are technically far 
ahead of  us and  may have achieved space travel long ago,  article postulates 
that fundamental  sµace-travel  requirements would be basically the same 
for any world and  examines  U.S.  s{Xlce  plans for clues to the nature and 
ope1-atlons of advanced S{Xlce  explorers,  including any now  observing earth, 

Vaeth,  J.  Gordon,  Skyhooks as flying saucers.  In 

2(>0  miles up,  New  York, 

Ronald  Press Co. ,  1951.  p.  111-ll6, 

-

Details of  appearance and  properties of  Skyhook  balloons for high altitude 
resf;~rch are given to  explain why  Skyhook sightings have  often  been 
interpreted as flying saucer or other unusual  phenomena,  The sighting of a 
UFO--not a balloon--that occurred during a Skyhook operation oear Arey, 
N.  Mex. ,  on  April  24,  1949,  is discussed, 

Vallee,  Jacques and  Aleksandr Kazantsev.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec. 

1967:  11-12. 

General discussion  of  theories and  hypotheses  relating to the  UFO  phe~om1>11on. 
Reprinted from  Tekhnika Molodezhi,  v.  8,  Aug.  1967, 

. 

Vallee,  Jacques and  Janine Vallee,  Astronomers' verdict:  flying  saucers are 

' 

real.  Fate,  '"  20,  Apr.  1987:  62-72. 

An  objective review of  major hypotheses on  origin of  UFOs  leads author to 
conclude  that  (1)  all sightings cannot lJe  attributed to  conventional causes; 
(2)  existence of  alien  intelligence must be  considered;  (3)  extreme caution must 
be  used  in  developing lattel' hypothesis  because of  phenomenon's  complexity. 
Excerpted from  Challenr to Sc~ence:  U:FO  Enigma,  published in Chicago 
by  H.  Regnery Co, ,  196  • 

- -

· 

Wassilko-Serccki,  Zoe.  Startling tneory on flying  saucers.  Americ;',n 

astrology,  v.  23,  Sept,  1955:  2-5. 

Taking into consider:..tion all enumerated characteristics uf  UFOs,  the 
probability  is  sugge~t.ed that they represent hitherto  unknown  type  of  animal 
life indigenous to e;  ri.h's ionosphere.  Their bodies are postulated as being 
hollow,  composed of  a  minimum  of  dense matter,  and charged with electricity. 
It is also  suggested that these creatures could be something like a  "missing 
link" between  organic and  inorganic life and that this is the  reason they 
give a  machine-like impression. 

Webster,  Robert N.  The saucers aren't balloons.  Fate,  v.  1,  May-J~ne 1951: 

4-7. 

Attacks theory by Office of  Naval Research chief of the nuclear physics 
branch Dr,  Urner Liddel that "Skyhook" balloons account for  all &aucer 
reports.  Cites five  UFO  c;ighting  reports that cannot be explained by 
Dr.  Liddel's theory. 

----- Saucers:  material or immaterial?  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct.  1953:  4-5. 

Author discusses his theory that flying  sauc.ars are a kind of "ectoplasmic 
ghost animal. " 

Wellman,  Wade.  Extra-sol.ll' UFOs.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Mar. -Apr. 

1962:  8-10. 

Suggestion  is made that  UFOs  co'lle from  c.u+side  earth's solar system--
possibl:y  from  61  Cygni or 70 O:qi1iuchi. 

----- '1'he  psychology  of  scepticism.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Sept. -Oct. 

1963:  32-34. 

Review of Donald H.  Menzel's book,  The World of  Flying Saucers  (New  York, 
Doubleday  & Co.,  1963), 

What were the flyi\/lg  saucers?  Popular science,  v.  159,  Aug.  1951:  74-75,  228. 

Results of an  unofficial  Popular Science survey in  which eye-witnesses to 
UFO  phenomena were asked to  choose the explanation that seemed most 
plausible to them:  52%  believe they  saw  "man-made aircraft"; 16%  believe 
they  saw  "something commonplace";  4%  believe they  sa.w  a  "visitor from 
afar";  28%  are still uncertain,  but  more than half nf  ihem think they saw 
either man-made airc1•aft or visitors from  afar. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  Flying saucers.  The contemporary  review,  v.  78,  July 1950: 

49-53. 

Well-corroborated UFO  incidents are cited by author as proof that the 
phenomenon  cannot be  dismissed as misinterpretation of  natural objects. 

Wilson,  Harvey,  Found:  flying  saucer base in  outer space.  The  national  police 

gazette,  v.  173,  Aug,  1968:  14,  24, 

It is speculated that pulsating signals from  the  region of the star Vega are 
indicative of  a flying  saucer base there. 

Wilson,  Richard.  A nuclear physicist exposes flying  saucers.  Look,  v.  15, 

Feb.  27,  hl5J:  60-62,  64. 

Report on Office of  Naval Research's Skyhook  project which has  resulted in 
many  re ports of flying  saucer sightings. 

Wood,  Robe1t H.  Saucers,  secrecy &  security.  Aviation week,  v.  54,  Feb.  19, 

1951:  50. 

Editorial comment on  Feb,  27,  1951, Look  ma.gazine story quoting Dr.  Urner 
Liddel,  chief of  the nuclear physics  branch of ONR  as saying,  "There is not 
a  single reliable report of an 
[UFO]  observation which  is not attributable 
to the cosmic  [ Skyhook]  balloons. " 

Wylie,  C,  C.  Saucers elude astronomers.  Science newsletter,  v.  61,  June 14, 

1952:  3'15. 

Author,  professor of astronomy at the  University  ~f fowa,  states that not 
one  "saucer" has been  reported as the result of astl'0ncmical observation, 
He  ~ays the fact that each saucer has been reported frv:>.l  only one  point 
suggests that most have  been  spots of reflected light. 

Wylie,  Philip.  Of stress and  saucers.  Saturday  review,  v.  42,  Aug.  8,  1959:  17. 

Carl Jung,  in  Flying Saucers:  A Modern M  th of  Things Seen in~ 
(!'few  York,  Harcourt Brace,  l 
images  projected by  the frightened.  Wylie  takes issue with  some of the 
Swiss  psychiatrist's conclusions. 

,  asserts that UFOs  are compensatory 

--- ·- UFOs:  the  sense and  nonsense.  Popular science,  v.  190,  Ma~:.  19ti7: 

76-79. 

!'l what he  terms  an "informal consensus" of  scientific opinion,  author 
~ Jnsiders  (1)  the possible nature of  UFOs  ;;ighted but not explained,  and 
(2)  whether  reported sightings are evidence that alien beings are reaching 
earth. 

Young,  John R.  The  negative universe.  Fate,  v.  11,  Apr.  1958:  87-89, 

Hypothesizes that intelligent beings  may  exist in  a  "negative universe" that 
interpenetrates and  coexistR with ours without  our being conscious of it. 
Suggests that this  might explain  poltergeist manifestations and flying  saucers. 

=============================================
ORTHOTENY 

Cleary-Baker,  John,  Leys,  orthotenies,  and the  UFOs,  BU:FORA 

bulletin,  v.  2,  Summer 1967:  6-7, 

journal and 

The author states that the attempt to link  UFOs  with  a  discredited archeologicl\.l 
fallacy  (the leys of  Great Britain) and the abandoned  orthoteny theory is to 
hamper the real work of  UFO  investigators. 

Duchtne,  J.  L.  La rer.urtition des atterrissages de  soucoupes volantes en  France. 

Phenomt!nes  spatiaux,  May  1965:  21-25. 

By  plotting the  points of alleged UFO  landings over a  period of years on  a  map 
of  France,  the author observes that they  seem to  be aligned circularly around a 
"neutral" center. 

Fontes,  Olavo  T.  Brazil under  UFO  survey.  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Mar. -

Ap:-

'Q60:  10-14. 

Dr.  Fontes documents the  intensive UFO  survey to which Brazil was subjected 
on nigh! of  May  13,  1960.  Sightings followed orthotenic  inttern first discovered 
by  Aime  Michel  in  France in  1954. 

Goddard,  J.  New  light on  ancient tracks.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Mar. -

Apr.  1964:  15-16. 

Theory is proposed that the  "leys, " old  straight tracks stretching for  miles over 
the  English countryside,  were built by  the intelligences behind the flying  saucers 
for navigational  purposes or in  order to  find  readily a form  of  magnetic  current 
that is helpful to them.  It is suggested that leys and orthotenies are similar. 

Haythornthwaite,  P. K.  3avic as a  permanent alignment.  BUFORA  journal and 

bulletin,  v.  I,  Autumn  1965:  16-18. 

Analytical calculations are made to test the significance of  orthotenic 
alignments. 

----- Bavic  plotted as a world circle line.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Nov. -

Dec.  19C3:  17-18. 

For those who wish to  cah::ulate their own  orthotenic world lines,  author gives 
the formula relating !attitude and longitude on a great circle line: 

cos  ~ =; 

1-k 2 
""'1--""K-2-co_s_,2,...(""'Q-+-x) .... 

where  ~ is latitude 

Q is longitude 

and k and  x are two  constants for the given  great circle which  may  be found 
by substituting into the formula the values of  Q  and  ~  for two known  points 
on  the line. 

Maney,  Charles A.  An  evaluation of Aime Michel's study of the straight line 

mystecy.  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  Nov. -Dec.  1959:  10-14. 

Stating that Michel's book,  Flying Saucers and  the Straight-Line Mystery, 
is "outstanding, "  Maney  summarizes Us  contents.  A public  lecture given 
at  Akron,  Ohio,  on  March  14,  1959,  sponsored  by  the  Research Committee 
of Akron. 

Menzel,  Donald H.  Do flying saucers move  in straight lines?  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  IO,  Mar. -Apr.  1964:  3-7. 

It is contended that orthoteny (occurrence of  UFO  sightings from  places that 
lie on  the  same "straight line"),  l!.s  discovered by  Aime  Michel,  is invalid 
because it is based on  questionable statistics. 

----- Global orthoteny.  Flying saucer review,  v.  IO,  July-Ang.  1964:  3-4. 

Author attacki::  Aime Michel's claim that local orthotenic alignment discovered 
during UFO  sightings could be  extended to  constitute great world circle lines 
and  also critifizes claims of further developments in  orthotenic research by 
Jacques Vallee. 

----- Orthoteny  -- a lost cause.  Parts I and  II.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11, 

May-June 1965:  9-11;  July-Aug.  1965:  26-28. 

Critique of  orthoteny.  Author suggests Aime  Michel's straight lines are 
only  accidental alignments  of randomly clispersed points and that his 
statistics are incorrect.  (Michel  had theorized that UFO  sighting points 
could be  joined together by straight lines all radiating from  the  point where 
a  "cigar-shaped" mother-ship had been  seen. ) 

Michel,  Aime'.  Flying saucers and the  straight-line mystery.  Pref.  by  L. M. 

Chassin.  New York,  Criterion Books,  1958.  285  p. 

Author discusses his discovery that UFO  sightings of a  single day during 
late Summer and early  Fall 1954,  even though they  might occur as far 
a[Ql't as England,  France,  and northern Italy,  fell  clearly and precisely 
along straight lines forming highly charactf!ristic patterns suggesting 
systematic aerial exploration.  Translated from _Myst~rieux obiets  ce'lestes 
and  edited by  the  Research Division  c;f  Civilian Saucer Intelligence  of 
New  York.  Appendix on  latest U. s.  sightings by Alexander D.  Mebane. 

----- Global orthoteny.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  May-June  1963:  ~-7. 

Michel announces that "local" orthotenic  alignments  previously discovered in 
UFO  sightings can be  extended to  constitute great world circle lines. 

----- New  thoughts  on  orthoteny.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Jan. -Feb.  1966: 

19. 

Michel speculates that his  presumed discovery of an  underlying order in 
manifestations of UFO  phenomena on  a  planetary scale--orthoteny--was but 
a false trail. 

----- Reflecti'lns  of an honest liar.  Flying saucer review,  v,  11,  May-June 

1965:  11-14. 

Author  points  out discrepancies in  Dr.  Men.:i:el' . .;;  analyses of  orthotenic 
statisdcs. 

Michel,  Aime.  Where Dr.  Menzel has  gone wrong.  Flying saucer review,  v.  IO, 

Mar, -Apr.  1964:  8-10. 

Author answere  Menzel's criticism of statistical method on  which theory of 
crthoteny is based. 

Ribera,  At.tonio.  "Bavic" in the Iberian  peninsula.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

Sept. -Oct.  1963:  30-32. 

Evidence  is presented that confirms statements  made  about  global orthoteny 
and the  Bayonne-Vichy line which  Aime  Michel discovered and illustrated in 
~.is book,  Flying Saucers and  the  Straight Line Mystery  (New  York,  Criterion 
Books,  1958).  "Ba\'i.c"  consisted of six  UFO  sighting points  over  France: 
Bayonne,  Lencouacq,  Tulle,  Ussel,  Gelles,  and Vichy,  and  the incidents all 
occurred on  Sept.  24,  1954.  Michel  later discovered that his line  could  be 
further  extended until it encircled the  globe.  Author's verification is of 
the Spanish stretch of·· Bavic." 

----- Spanish orthotenies in 1950,  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Nov. -Dec,  1961: 

9-11. 

Wave  of  UFO  sightings in 1950 off the Iberian peninsula that form  straight-line 
orthotenies when  plotted on  a  map arP, discussed. 

----- UFO  survey of Spain:  more evidence,  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

Jan. -Feb.  1963:  14-17. 

Author Eubmits orthotenic map of Spain as proof that the Iberian peninsuh 
was subje'!ted to deliberate survey by  UFOs  during Spring 1950, 

UFO waves follow  a  certain pattern.  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  May-

June 1959:  12-14. 

Report on  discoveries by  Eduardo Buelta,  a Spanish engineer and  UFO 
rESeardlcr, that (I)  UFO  sightings follow  a  pattern in both time and  space and 
(2)  the  peak of sightings indicatE:s a  movemnet eastward as if earth were being 
submitted to  close and methodical  survey.  Complements work by  Aime Michel 
on  theory of orthoteny. 

Seevior,  Peter M.  Foundations of  'lrthoteny.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11, 

Mar. -Apr.  1965:  10-12. 

Discussion of discrepancies in  orthotenic  results so far published and  inquiry 
into possible ways of basing  further study  on  a  more  solid foundation, 

Toulet,  Francois.  Mathematic de  l'orthotenie,  Phenomeneo:;  spatiaux,  June 1967: 

7-11. 

Mathematical formulae that may be applied to orthotenic studies, 

Vallee,  Jacques.  The  Menzel-Michel controversy.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

July-Aug,  1964:  4-6. 

In  answer te;  Donald Menzel's attack on  Aime  Michel's claim that local 
orthotenic alignments discovered during UFO  sightings could be  extended 
to form  great world circles,  author discusses me!:hod  used for computation 
of great c!rcles as well as new  indications about the statistical significance 
of the linesp  based on  IBM  computer data. 

, 

----- Recent developments in  orthotenic  research.  Flying saucer review,  v,  9, 

Nov. -Dec.  1963:  3-6. 

General outline of  methods  perfected for analyzing orthotenic alignments, 

----- Towards a generalisation of orthoteny and its application to the  North 
African sightine,s.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Mar. -Apr.  1962:  3-7. 

Apparent confirmation of  orthoteny  in  UFO  sightings  in  the  Morocco-Algeria-
Tunisia area is reported. 

The Warminster phenomenon.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  July-Aug.  1965: 

3,  9. 

In  a letter published in  the Warminster Journal (June  4,  1965),  amateur 
geologist and  naturalist David Holton  wrote  that recorded instances of 
phenomenon  consisting of  pe:-sistent "whirrings," humming sounds,  and 
vibrations of  several degrees of  intensity were occurring at places which  when 
linked,  formed "straight lines"  on  the  map and that three of these  lines 
passed through Warminster  (England)  itself.  He  also told how  a  number of 
witnesses to whom  he  had spoken about the noise also had fleeting glimpses 
of a luminous object overhead. 

================================================
Perception

Comella,  Tom.  UFO's:  problems in  perception,  Fate,  v.  12,  Jan.  1959: 

92-96. 

Details are given  of  UFO  sighting in Cleveland,  Ohio,  October  21,  Hl55, 
There were several witnesses. 

Durham,  Anthony  and  Keith Watkins.  Visual  perception of  UF~s.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  May-June 1967:  27-29, 

Fit1e  details of the  structure of  the  eye that may be  relevant to the  accuracy 
of  UFO  reports are noted, 

----- Visual perception of UFOs:  Part II.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  July-

Aug,  1967:  24-25, 

After considering problems in percept.ion  presented to the brain i.:  UFO 
sightings,  tht: authors note that h  the data  comJ.ng  in were cor.1pletely new, 
it is probable the brain would pick a  simplifying oypotliesls base<i on  the 
observer's experience and attitudes.  The observer wouM  then  see and 
remembe1• this inte1•pretation of the data,  and one could not tell what the 
original experience was really like. 

Finch,  Bernard E.  Can they see us?  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -.n.pr. 

1968:  31. 

Reports of the movements of flying saucers,  including n8ll' misses of  trf'es; 
buildings,  overhead cables,  and hills suggest to author thai whoever is it, 
control .- ppears to have very poor vision in  our atmo!':iphere.  He feels that 
this cm. Id account for the strange and  paradoxical 1·eported movements of 
UFOs. 

Fuhs,  Allen  E.  Visual sensitivity of residents of other planets.  ARS  Journal, 

v.  30,  June 1960:  577. 

Visual sensiti'?ity of  hypothesized ir ~elligent beings outside our solar system 
is dii: cussed. 

Hughes,  F. P.  Letters: a  tnlined eye on  UFOs.  Science,  v.  156,  June 9,  Hi67: 

1311-1312. 

Drill designed to  aicl  discriminating observation of  aerlal and/or atmospheric 
phenomena. 

Illusfons nf nature.  Science illustrated,  v.  2,  Oct.  1947:  42-44. 

Examples of illusions of nature that can fool  man  inb major misconceptions. 

Luckiesh,  Matthew.  Seeing is deceivi11g.  Science Hlu!':trated,  v.  1,  June 1946: 

86-87. 

Instances in V.'hkh  if one believes what he sees,  he  often is believing what 
isn't true. 

Perrd,  J a.cques.  Barbu,  mare de  i:::Ue,  hallebardes.  Mercure de  France, 

Mar.  1,  1953:  408-427. 

Commentary on  difficulty of  ascertaining whether or not lJFOs are 
hallucinations. 

Smith,  E.  R.  UFOs and artificial satellites.  Flying saucer revJew, 

Sept. -Oct.  1961:  6-11. 

, .•  7, 

Some conventional methods of  observing things seen in  the  sky are discussed 
for benefit of  UFO  researchers.  Possibility of  confusing satellites with 
UFOs--and vice versa--is treated. 

Wertheimer,  Michael.  A case of "autostasis" or reverse autokinesis.  Perceptual 

and motor skills,  v.  26,  Feb.  1968:  417-418. 

Three of  5 observer!.  <>f  a light in the night sky that was actually movL•r. 
continuously along a linear course reported it as stationary as long as the 
light was  on. 
'!'he  }ilenomenon,  "autostasis," eeems to be opposite to the 
wellknown  Jitenomenon  of autokinesis,  or apinrent motion of aa actually 
stationary light in  an undifferentiated field.  This work  was  helped by the 
Air  Force Office of Scientific Research which  supported the University of 
Colorado's  program to conduct a i::cientific  study of  unidentified flying 
objects. 

===================================================
PERSONALITIES 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  May  1959:  19-43. 

General discussion  of activities of  UFO  researchers and alleged contactees. 
Claims made by  "Prince Neosom  of the  Planet Tythian" are mentioned. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Dec.  1959:  22-29. 

Tells how  Long  John Nebel Show  in  New  York was  ordered cut off the air 
during discussion of flying  sa.ucers by Gray  Barker,  James Moseley,  and 
Jonah ibn Aharon. 

Buckner.,  H.  T.  The flying  saucerians:  a lingering cult.  New  society,  v.  9, 

Sept.  1965:  14-16. 

Cohen,  Daniel.  The return of flying saucers. 

131-134. 

;he nation,  v.  201,  Sept.  13,  1965~ 

Overall  survey of  UFO  ever.ts in the  U.S.  from  1947 and of the  personalities 
and organizations involved. 

Drai;er,  Hal.  Afternoon with  the  space people.  Harper's magazine,  v.  221, 

Sept.  1960:  37-40. 

An  observer's view of  visitors and  speakers at the September 1959  Northern 
California Spacecraft Convention in  San  Francisco sponsored by  the 
Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of  America.  Summarizes AFSCA!s 
apinrent aims. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  authorities who  believe  in  flying 

saucers.  Fate,  v.  14,  Jan 1961:  29-35. 

Among astronomers who  have  seen and/or photograi;hed unidentified flying 
objects are Sr.  Jose Bonilla,  director of  observatory at Zacatecas, 
Mexico;  Dr.  H.  Percy WHkins;  Dr.  James Bartlett,  Jr.: Frank Halstead, 
curator of  the  University of  Minnesota observatory;  and Clyde Tombaugh. 

Grescoe,  Paul.  This man  knows  UFOs.  Canadian magazine,  May  25,  1968:  9, 

11. 

On  July 6,  1967,  Warren Smith,  Lorne Grovue,  and Craig Dunn  photographed 
an unidentified flying object. while Gn  a  prospecting trip near Calgary,  Canada. 
Article describes investigation of  incident by  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek. 

Kobler~ .John.  He  runs flying-saucer headquarters.  Saturday evening  post,  v.  228, 

Mar.  10,  lil56:  26-27,  69,  72. 

Report on activi:ies of  James S.  Rigberg of New  York City--head of  Flying Sau-
cer News Club-··who collects  reports of  UFO  sightings and "contact" claims as 
telephoned or written to him. 

Leslie,  DC'smond.  George Adamski.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11 1  July-Aug. 

19S5:  18-19. 

Obituary for George Adamski who  died at age  75  on  April  23rd,  1965,  at a  san-
atorium  in  Takoma Park,  Md.,  following a  heart attack. 

The new  report on  flying  saucers.  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fawcett Publications,  Inc., 

1967.  80  p. 

Contains  UFO  sighting reports and  photographs;  interviews with  Project Blue 
Book Chief Maj.  Hector Quintanilla and  broadcaster Long John Nebel;  and 
statements by 'Wernher von  Braun,  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek,  John  fuller,  and Maj. 
George W.  Ogles. 

Ogden,  Richard C .. The case for the R.  E.  Straith letter.  Flying saucers,  Dec. 

1959:  34-39,  47. 

A letter released to  the  public  by  George Adamski and  signed by  R.  E.  Straith 
of  the State Department said in  part:  "It will no doubt  please you to know  that 
the Department has on  file a  great deal of  confirmatory  evidence bearing out 
your own  claims,  which  as both  of  us  must realize,  are conti·oversial,  and 
have  been disputed generally."  Letter was labeled a forgery  since the State 
Department claimed that R.  E.  Straith was  unknown  to them.  Auli10r  presents 
evidence that he believes  proves the "Straith letter" to be authentic. 

On  the flying  saucer trail.  Thi?  American  magazine,  v.  157,  Apr.  1954:  56. 

Coral  Lorenzen,  founder and  head of  the Aerial Phenomena Research Organi-
zation,  tells in  interview how  she evaluates flying saucer sightings reported 
by APRO  members  in  attempt to  find  solution to UFO  mystery. 

Out-of-the-blue believers.  The New  Y0rk2r,  v.  35,  Apr.  18,  1959:  36-37. 

Commentary on  a  sympor.;ium  relating to  UFO  IJhenomena sponsored by Civilian 
Saucer Intelligence of  N£:w  York. 

The  people who  see  "flying saucers."  The UFO  investigator,  v.  1)  J.m.  1958: 

23-24. 

Listing of  witnesses to  UFO  sightings;  professions are given. 

Roberts,  August C.,  and Dominick Lucckesi.  Saucers in  the wee  hours:  the "Long 

John" party Iir.e.  Flying saucers from other worlds,  May  1958:  14 -19. 

Profile  of  individuals associated with ufology  that have been heard on  the Long 
John Nebel Show  in  New  York City.  Mentioned are Gray  Barke,.·,  Mark  Probert, 
George Van  Tassel,  Art Aho,  John Otto,  Daniel Fry,  M.  K.  Jessup,  Howard 
Menger,  Ralph Slater,  Joe Eddleman,  James Moseley,  Dr.  Leon  Davidson, 
Hannes  Bok,  Courtlan Hastings,  and  Lex Mebane. 

Saucer flap.  The New  Yorker,  v.  42,  Apr.  9,  1966:  32-33. 

Possible significance of Michigan  "flap" of  UFO  sightings during March  1966 
is discussed with  three ufologists:  Jose Cecin,  head of  the New  York Subcom-
mittee  of the  National Investigations Committee on Aerial  Pehnomena;  James 
W.  Moseley,  President of the Saucer and  Unexplained Celestial Events Research 
Society;  and  Michael J.  Campione,  New  Jersey representative of  the Amalga-
mated  Flying Saucer Clubs of  America. 

Van  Sommers,  Tess.  These are our ufologists.  Pix,  v.  78,  July 31,  1965:  14. 

Veit,  Karl.  Mainzer Weltkongres der UFO-Forscher.  UFO-nachrichten,  Dec. 

196'1:  1,  3. 

Proceedings  of  ~he 7th  International UFO  Congress,  Mainz,  Germany,  Nov. 
3-6,  1967. 

Zinsstag,  Lou.  Conversations with  Dr.  Jung.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  July-

Aug.  196J:  14-16. 

The author,  a  relative of  Dr.  Jung,  discusses with  him  the  UFO  pht-nomenon 
and  reports his  comments. 

----- On  George Adamski.  Basle,  Switzerland,  The Author,  1959.  5 p. 

Impressions of  George Adamski recorded during his trip to  Europe  in  1959. 

===============================================
PHOTOGRAPHS 

Adamski,  George.  I photographed s1>a.ce  ships.  Fate,  v.  4,  July 1951:  64-74. 

Adamski reports on  his sightings of  flying  saucers through  6-inch and  15-inch 
telescopes from  his  home  on  Mt.  Palomar  1944-1950.  He  describes  his at-
tempts to  photograph  the objects. 

ArchE;rs'  Court Reseai""'·h  Croup.  mometric analysis of  the  "flying saucer" photo-

g~hs.  Archer~' Court,  Hastings,  Sussex,  1954.  27. 

Baker,  Robert M.  L.  Future experiments on  anomalistic observation data.  The 

journal of the  ~.stronautical sciences,  v.  15,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  44-45. 

Requirement is given  for additional experiments in  th,·  :u·~a of anomalistic 
phenomena,  based upon  the  pai.:city  of  "hard data";  relevant data collected by 
astronomers,  meteoriticists,  and  meteorologists,  which would  be either over-
looked or not detscted; and the possible "filtering" and/or ''editing" out of  per-
tinent data by various spa.:e surveillance systems  prior to  its evaluation.  Ex-
periment involving two  cameras slaved to a detection  radar is outlined and it 
is concluded that such a  system shoul1 be  constructed for use in  meteoritk, 
astronautical,  and "UFO" study  programs. 

----- Obse1:'Vational  evidence of anomalistic  phenomena.  The journal of the astro-

nautical sciences,  v.  1!!,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  31-36. 

Summary  is presented of  data from  a  series of  analyses and  experiments  initi-
ally cal'ried out by  author under auspices of Douglas  Aircraft Co.  and  based 
on  movie film  containing anomalistic data originally  provided by  U.S.  Air  Force. 
It is concluded that on  the basis of the photographic evidence,  the images cannot 
be  explained by  presently known natural phenomena. 

Birch,  A.  Flying saucer::;  photographed in  England.  Fate,  v.  16,  Jan.  1963:  26-27. 

14 year-old schoolboy Alexander Birch sighted and  photographed a flying  saucer 
in  late  February or early March 1962  in  Mosborough,  Sheffield,  Et'gland.  Pho-
to  has been declared genuine  by  experts. 

Bowen,  Charles.  Crash-landed  UFO  near Mendoza.  Flying aaucer review,  v.  11, 

May-June  1965:  7-9. 

Details of case !n which  a  mysterious  artifact  "fell" at San  Miguel,  Argentina 
(January 1965).  According to  newspaper account,  local inhabitants  declared 
the object was a  Hying  saucer and  that they  saw  "little" individuals walking 
a.round the craft in  uniforms  like divers'  suits. 

----- The Russell  photograph.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967:  29. 

Spectacular photographs  of  a  UFO were taken  on  Dec.  15,  1966,  over a  south 
London  suburb. 

The  camera sees flying  saucers.  True,  v.  27,  July 1950:  44-45.  82. 

A selection of  flying  saucer photographs.  Editors of  True have verified that 
each is a true photographic  image appearing in  the original negative. 

Creighton,  Gordon  W.  The  mysterious Templeton  photograph.  Flying saucer re-

view,  v.  10,  Nov. -Dec.  1964:  11-12. 

Developed  picture that James P.  Templeto'l,  a Carlisle,  England,  fireman 
took  of  his  daughter in  May  1964  shows 
r,.  -n~,.n in the background in wlite garb 
which resembles  a  padded space suit; on  his head is a  helmet,  apparently trans-
parent.  Templeton emphatically stated that except for his httle girl in front of 
him  when  he  snapped the  picture there was no  one in  sight. 

Cremaschi,  lnisero and Guiseppe  Pederiali.  Disch! volanti:  benvenuti.  Bologna, 

Carroccio,  1967.  157  p. 

Summary of  evidence in  support of  theory of  extraterrestrial origin of  UFOs. 
UFO photographs from  many  parts uf  tl:e  W( 3d are analyzed and discussed as 
are contactee r~ports. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  al!thorities  who  believe in  flying  saucers. 

Fate,  v.  14,  Jan.  1961:  29-35. 

Among astrc;nomers who  have seen and/or photogaphed unidentified flying ob-
jects are 81·.  Jose Bonilla,  director of  observatory at Zacatecas,  Mexico; 
Dr.  H.  Percy Wilkins;  Dr.  James Bartlett,  Jr.; Frauk Halstead,  curator of 
the  University of  Minnesr.h. Observatory; and Clyde T-.:m1baugh. 

----- Frank Edwards'  report:  how  to fake  a flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  10,  Dec. 

1957:  46-54. 

Author lays down  "ground rules" for becoming a  "saucer celebrity."  He  reveals 
how  to fake  UFO  photos  and  what  pitfalls  to avoid in  describing an  imaginary 
visit to  another world. 

Fawcett,  George D.  A camera's eye analysis of  411  flying  sauce1s ft•om  281  photo-

graphs taken around the world.  Fate,  v.  15,  Feb.  1962:  67-87. 

Study  analyzes visual characteristics of  UFOs  from  photographs alone. 

Ferriere,  Joseph I..  We  photographed  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  20,  Mar.  1967:  52-55. 

Two-man  photographic  team  successfully records on film  during daylight hours 
UFO  activity  JVer  Woonsock~t, R.  I.,  July  24,  1966. 

Flying saucers pictorial.  Tucson,  Ariz.,  Arizill Realty and  Pub.  Co.,  1967. 

Fogl,  T.  Saucer photographed at sea.  Flying saucers,  July 1959:  6-9. 

While author was with the British ship SS  Ramsey  enroute h•om  Vancouver  to 
Port  Elizabeth via  Panama during 1957,  he  sighted and  took two  photographs 
of a  UFO. 

Fontes,  r  iavo  T.  The Brazilian navy  sighting at the  island of  Trinidade.  Flying 

sp·_ . ..:ers,  Feb.  1961:  27-54. 

Details of  UFO  sighting Jan.  16,  1958,  by  Brazilian ship Almiraate Saldanha 
which was on  IGY  mission nE'ar  Trini.da:le Island.  Photographs taken were 
certified as genuine by the  Brazilian govemment.  Reprinted from A. P. R. o. 
BuJletin. 
··-

-

Fontes,  Olavo T.  Trinidade observationerne-der fremtvang officiel brasiliansk 

anerkendelse af UFO-ernes eksistens.  Handers,  Denmark,  UFO-NYTs  Forlag, 
196'1.  30  p. 

UFO waa  sighted and  photographed by  Brazilian ship on  IGY  mission off  Trini-
dade Island,  Brazil,  on  Jan.  16,  1958.  Reprinted from  Feb:-:uary  1961  APRO 
- -
Bulletin. 

Galindez,  Oscar A.  Unusual  photographs from Argentina.  Flying saucer l'eview, 

v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  196'1:  8-9. 

On  July 3,  1960,  Capt.  Hugh  F.  Niotti,  graduate of  the National Schoel of  l\ero-
nautics at Cordoba,  Argentina,  photographed a  cone-shaped  UFO.  Photo was 
puhli;;hed as an exclusive feature  in  No.  222  of  La Revista Nacional de  Aero-
nautica,  official organ  of  the Argentine  Air Force.  On  Dec.  1,  1965,  Father 
Benito Reyna  photographed  UFOs  silhouetted against the moon !ro.m  the Adhara 
ObserYatory at San  Miguel,  Buenos Aires,  Argentina. 

Heath,  David.  The Kingsford Heights,  Indiana,  sighting.  Flying saucers,  Oct. 

1966:  16-17. 

On  April  3,  1966,  :::.uthor  saw and  photographed two  football-shaped  UFOs. 

Hinman,  Grace.  How  to take a  UFO  ph::>tograph.  Fate,  v.  20,  Nov.  1967:  78-80. 

Robert J.  Lo•11,  pt"oject coordinator fol·  uF'O investigation being ccnducted at 
the  University :JI  Coloia.do,  provides  in::.t.ructions for taking useful  UFO  pictures. 

Kowalezewski,  Stanislaw.  U. F. O.  photogr.aphed over  Poland.  Flying saucers, 

Feb.  1960:  27-28. 

Details of  UFO  sighted and  photographed by  author on  Dec.  22,  1958,  near 
Muszyna,  Poland.  Polish photographic  experts believe  photograph  is genuine. 
Information first published in~ Warszawy on  Feti.  23,  1959. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Brazilian official report on  the  Trinidade  UFO.  Fate,  v.  l:: 

Mar.  1965:  38-48. 

UFO  is photographed near Trinidade Island on  January  16,  1958,  by  Brazilian 
navy  training ship on  IGY  mission. 

Mayher,  Ralph.  I proved flying  saucers are real.  Pie,  v.  25,  June 1954:  12-15, 

66-67. 

Ex-Marine  photographer tells how  on  July 29,  1952,  he photographed a  UFO 
traveling in  a  left-to-right direction at speed estimated by  the University of 
Miami as 7 ,550 mph. 

Palmer,  Ray.  1914  UFO 

7-9. 

photo  puzzles experts.  Flying s~ucers, Aug.  1966: 

Photo ihat has lain in  an  album since it was  taken  in  Pennsylvania in  1914 
seems to show a  disc-shaped UFO. 

Powers,  W.  T.  Photographic  surveillance for  UFOs:  Is  1~ feasible?  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  14,  17. 

Information  is given on  proposed equipment  and estimated cost for one  year's 
operation of an  "all-sky camera network" that would  photograph low-level, 
close-range UFOs. 

Rankow,  Ralph.  The disc with the domed top.  Fate,  v.  19,  Aug.  1966:  54-61. 

Highway  inspector discl'ibed encounter with  soundless aerial object that he was 
able to  photograph. 

----- The Heflin  photographs.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968: 

21-24. 

Author,  professional photographer in New  York and former photographic  con-
sultant  to  NICAP,  describes conditions  ur.der  which four photographs of a  UFO 
were  taken by  Rex  Heflin on  Aug.  3,  1965,  in  Orange County,  California. 

----- The Martin B-57 and the changing  UFO.  Fate,  v.  19,  Nov.  1966:  36-45. 

Evidence that :>.n  apparently genuine UFO photograph taken near Edwards AFB 
in 1954 as a  public!ty portrait for the Martin Company was doctored up  and 
made  to  look like a  fake. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  Two  more facts  for the UFO file.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8, 

July-Aug.  1962:  14-15. 

Striking  similarity is noted between UFO photograph  in  Jan.  8,  1961,  Komsom-
olskaya Pravda and  UFO photograph taken in  Barcelona on  Aug.  27,  1959. 

Roberts,  August  C.  The  Nicholson photos.  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  1968:  84-

85. 

Ralph E.  Nichols011  of  Patterson,  N.  J. ,  snapped three photos  of UFOs  in 
November  1957 from  the  roof of  his home while trying to photograph one  of  the 
Sputniks. 

Rob<>rts,  August  C.  The Skywatch Tuwer case.  Flying saucers from  other worlds, 

Aug.  1957:  8-15. 

Details of UFO sighting on July  28,  ltl:><::,  Irom Civilian Defense Skywatch Tow-
er,  New  York City,  and photograpt.:i.ng  of  ob.iect. 

Ross,  John C.  UFOs and the  record flight  of  the X-15  Fate,  v.  15,  Aug.  1962: 

38-44. 

UFOs were allegedly filmed by  rear-facing  ~J.meras on NASA test pilot  Joseph 
A.  Walker's X-15  aircraft during  May  1961  flight  when world altitude  record 
was set. 

Schihherr,  Luis.  Spindles in the  sky.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Fer. 

1965:  9-11. 

Gener~! discussion of optical phenomena that  may cause apparent  UFO photographs. 

Speaking of pictures:  a  rash of flying  disks breaks out  over the  U.S.  Life,  July 21, 

1947:  14-16. 

Reports UFO  sightings in 43  states and the  District of  Columbia between June 
25  and  July 10,  1947.  Explanator theories  eummarized. 

Steiner,  Ralph.  How  to expose flying  saucers.  Popular science,  v.  162,  Jan.  1953: 

227-229. 

Instructions for photographing flying  saucers through  a diffraction grating that 
will  reveal the chemical composition of object's light  source. 

Strauch,  Arthur A.  I photographed a UFO.  Fate,  v.  19,  June  1966:  67-72. 

Report on UFO  seen and photographed on Oct.  21,  1965,  near Gibbon,  Minn. 

UFOs?  No!  Lens flare?  YZS!  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965: 

7-9. 

Discussion of common shapes of lens flares  and how  they  can be  mistaken for 
photographs of UFOs. 

Veestraeten,  Door  J.  Ze  zien ze  weer vliegen.  Panorama,  Apr.  19-25,  1966:  56, 

57. 

UFO photograph taken by  Jacqueline Wingfied on  Dec.  26,  1965,  near Wat~rford, 
Ireland,  is discussed. 

Wilson,  Harlan.  Photographers analyze UFO picture.  Fate,  v.  13,  Oct.  1960: 

70-73. 

On  March  2,  1960,  a  photograph was  taken of  a  brf.ght,  glowing object  50  feet 
above the ground in Leibnit:t.,  Austria.  It waE  d~scribed as milky white,  rotat-
ed,  and emitted intense heat.  Vienn:i  meterological  station said it could not 
have  been a  balloon or other  meteorological  instrurnent,  nor ball lightning,  nor 
a  meteor. 

X-15 pilot  sho·.vs  his film. 

:it'lying  saucer review,  v.  8,  July-Aug.  1962:  3-4,  13. 

X-15 pilot  Joseph  A.  Walker,  in lecture to Second  National  Conference on  Peace-
ful  Uses of  Space  Researc:h in Seattle,  Wash.,  May  11,  1962,  showed  slides of 
5 or 6 cylindrical  or discoid objects taken by a  camera mounted on the rear of 
his supersonic plane.  The  objects,  he  said,  appeared as the plane  reached the 
arc of  its flight  and began heading back for  earth. 

===============================================
PROPULSION 

Angelucc\,  Orfeo.  The  secret of the  saucers.  Amherst,  Wis ..  Amherst Press, 

1955.  167 p. 

Account of author's alleged  ride in extraterrestrial spacecraft and contact with 
extraterrestrial beings associated with the objects.  Propulsion of  spacecraft 
explained as converted magnetic  energy  "inherent  in all the universe." 

Beach,  David.  Some UFO  thoughts from  Britain.  Flying saucers,  Jun(;  1968:  27-

28. 

Author  specula.tes on  the  motive force  causing reported UFO behavior. 

Burridge,  Gaston.  Townsend Brown and his anti-gravity discs.  Fate,  v.  11,  Nov. 

1958:  40-48. 

Describes propulsion  principle based on  3iefeld- Brown  effect said to  be  suc-
cessfully used to  fly  saucer-like disc.  Anli-gravitic  potential~ discussed. 

Chase,  Frank Martin.  Document  96;  a  rationale for flying  saucers.  Clarksburg, 

W.  Va.,  Saucerian Publications,  1968.  128 p. 

"At  least 70% of  the  contents of this book  is completely nev:  materkls; this re-
lates to the possible advent  of  ZAMN power for  propulsion of  flying  discs"  -
Gray Barker,  publisher,  p.  [vi.] 

Comella,  Thomas  M.  Why  the  real saucer is interplanetary.  Fate,  v.  8,  Dec. 

19.J::>:  17-23. 

Postulating that  the  maneuvers and  speeds of  the  "sauce?'s"  reported by  reli-
able witnesses are p1·oof  thcit  they operate "by  some totally  revolutionary prc·-
cess which outdates  rocket and  jet propulsion," the  author  reviews  "evidence" 
in  support of  the extra terrestrial-origin hypothesis. 

Cramp,  Leonar.:l G.  A challenge to the technical press.  Flying saucer rr?view, 

v.  9,  Jan. -Feb.  1963:  6-10,  iii. 

Author  re-states the  G-field theory proposed in his book,  Space,  Gravity,  and 
the  Flying Saucer (London,  T.  Werner Laurie,  1954).  He  contends that  recent 
re·v>rted behavior of  UFOs during sightings conforms to that rredicted by his 
th~u;"V, 

----- Piece for a  jigsaw.  Cowes  (I. 0. W. ),  Eng.,  Somerton  Publishing Co.,  1966. 

388  p. 

Briefly appraises current developments in and  state-of-the-art of  aero-
astronautic1:L  Reviews,  analyzes and  correlates technically corroborative evi-
dence  of  contra-gravitatitJnal theory of UFO propulsion in authenticated UFO 
sightings and events.  Offers  evidence vcr!.fying existence of  visiting extrater-
restrial spacecraft. 

----~  Space,  gravity,  and the  flying  saucer.  Introd.  ty Desmond Leslie.  London, 

T.  Werner  Laurie,  Ltd.,  1954.  182 p. 

Postulating that  UFOs  are intelligently controlled extraterrestrial spacecraft, 
author  introduces theory ar.d :mpporting arguments that they are propelled by 
a  controlled gravitatioeal field. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report.  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957:  51-57. 

Cites  claimed discovery in  1926  by  Dr.  Charles  F.  BJsh that lintz  basalt defies 
laws of gravity by  not accelerating in  free  fall.  Claims that in  April 1957  five 
major aeronautical companies  were engaged in anti-gravity research projects. 
Alleges that the  U.S.  Air  Force has a  multi-million dollar  plant equipr cid  for 
investigation of anti-gravity and counter-gravitational forces.  Suggests  that 
research activity  relates to  determining propulsion  mode  of UFOs. 

Evans,  Gordon H.  UFO:  theories of flight.  Science and mechanics,  v.  38,  Aug. 

1967:  48-51,  72-74. 

Evaluation of current theories that  attempt to  explain UFO  propulsion. 

Finch,  B.  E.  The  saucer--a flying plasma.  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  July-Aug. 

1961:  13-16. 

Arguments are presented to support  "plasma jet" theory of  UFO  propulsion. 

Flying  saucers and science.  American  mercury,  v.  85,  July  1957:  121-125. 

Stating that DOD will  shortly confirm that flying  saucers are "space ships, " 
art~cle speculates that  the power units  in UFOs  must  involve  one  of  the follow-
ing:  nuclear fission,  mass conversion of  energy,  cosmic  rays,  or the  electro-
m':l.gnetic  forces  existent everywhere. 

Goupil,  ,Jean.  L'hY,Poth~se ~champ magn~tiqu~ car.alise:  tentative  d'explication 

de  quelques phenomenes etranges.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  June  1967:  2-4. 

Observed UFO behavior and phenomena associated with  sightings are  explained 
by theory of a  controlled magnetic field that serves as a  means  of propulsion. 

----- Une  cons<:?quence  curieuse de  1 'hypotheoe  du  champ  repulsif:  la forme  des 

"O. v. N. I. "  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  June  1967:  9-11. 

It is shown that the  shapes  reported for  flying  saucers are the  ideal configura-
tions for s.pacecraft using  a rPpelling force field as a means of  propulsion. 

Gradecak,  Vjekoslav.  Electricity for  space exploration.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  8,  May-June  1962:  16-19. 

Autho!'  discusses role eler.tric propt:lsion will play in making extemdve  space 
trips possible and  summarizes feaf'ibility  studies carried out  at Ryan Aero-
nautical  Co.,  San Diego,  Calif. 

Harder,  James A.  The  UFO propulsion problem.  Berkeley,  Calif.,  The Author, 

1968.  10  ~· 

Author  stc.tes  that  ''concerning the propulsion of ti FOS,  a  tentative hypothesis 
would  be  t. iat  it is connected with an application of gravitational fields  that we 
do  not  understand."  Statement  made  at the  Symposium on Unidentified  Flying 
Objects,  Committee on Science and Astronautics,  House  of Representatives, 
July 29,  1968. 

Holden,  A.  R.  Flying saucer propulsion.  Flying saucer review,  v.  4,  Jan. -Feb. 

1958:  18-21. 

Author  theorizes that negative  charge of  earth tends to  induce  electrical charges 
on  smaller bodies in proximity to  it,  thus creating an attractive or gravitational 
force.  UFOs  may be  constructed to not  only neutr&.lize  these induced charges, 
but also to set up  opposing charges that would alter the force of attraction;  the 
spacecraft could be  made  to  rise or descend as required depending on  the 
amount oI  charge it  released to  its poles. 

Jones,  Bob.  Magnetic  space propulsion.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1966:  25. 

Author  gives  reasons why  it is easy to draw up  physically sound means of using 
magnetic force  for  propulsion but  impractical to put them  into operation. 

Keyhoe,  Donald E.  How  the  saucers fly.  Fate,  v.  7,  Nov.  1954:  27-43. 

Excerpt from  author's bo.:>k,  Flying Saucers from Outer Space.  Cites conclu-
sions of  Canadian geomagnetic  engineer Wilbur B.  Smith  that it is possiLle to 
produce a  magnetic "sink''  within the  earth's field;  that  is,  a  region into which 
magnetic flux v:ill  flow  at a  controlled rate,  giving  up  some of  its potential 
energy iH  the  pro~ess.  Smith noted that  most of the  descriptions of  flying  sau.-
cers are in accordance with the  design which wol'ld be  necessa:~y to exploit  the 
properties of a  ''magnetic  sink." 

Keyhoe,  Donald E. 

I know  the  senet of  the flying  saucers.  True,  \.'.  47,  Jan. 

1966:  34-36,  94-95. 

Author suggests that control over gravity is the only  explanation for tht>  astound-
iag maneuvers that  "flying saucers" are said to m!-!ke. 

-··--- Tefatci:s  hemligh~t:  antigravitation.  SOkaren,  v.  4,  no.  6.  1967:  7-10. 

Obs<'rved behavior of UFOs leads author !o spt·c~.ite that  they  are propelled by 
an anti-gravity device. 

Kor<'smaros,  Jesse.  Flying discs,  clouds,  and falling  ice.  Flying  saucers,  l!ec. 

1959.  30-33. 

Author suggests that flying  saucers employ water as a coolant v1hich  in turn is 
changed into water vapor by the propulsion system; this vapor  is seen as a 
cloud ar,d  accounts for the  cloudlike aspect of UFOs  sighted near sources of 
fresh  ~ater.  If the flying  saucer was at an extreme altiturie and exuding large 
~mouats of water vapor,  this vapor could freeze and aC'count  for  ice falls  re-
ported from  a  clear sky. 

----~  Radar--clue to UFO propulsion?  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957,  €4-69. 

A theory of UFO propulsion involvL1g  vortices generated in the  ether is sug-
gested by the fact that  radar often detects UFOs when th~ eye does not. 

Krafft,  Carl  F.  The atom and the  UFO.  Fate,  v.  10,  Oct.  1957:  51-53. 

Author suggests that since the  current nuclear theory does  not  seem to explain 
how UFOs operate,  a  new  theory may be  needed. 

----- Atomic  .strurture in relation to spaceship propulsi'l:l.  Flying  saucer  review, 

v.  5,Sept. -Oct.  1959:  21-22. 

Possib:Jity of  synthesizing a  material that  would  make use of  electro-magnetic 
repulsion between electrically chargP.d ions for  (ionic) propulsion of  interplane-
tary spacecraft is discussed. 

Kraspedon,  Dino.  My  contact with flying  saucers.  Translated from  the  Portuguese 

!ly  J.  B.  Wood.  Lond:>n,  Neville Spearman,  1959.  205 p. 

Discusse:; in detailed technical terms the forces  that  UFOs use to navigate  in 
earth's atmosphere and to travel through space on  interplanetary voyages. 
Presented in  questioa-a . .ld-answer form,  information synthesizes series of 
iive alleged meetings  between  author  and  captain  of  an  extraterrestrial 
spacecr::Jt. 

Lauritzen,  Han-,,  Disclosure of the  motive power systems of  the flying  saucers. 

Het interplanetaire nieuwsbulletin,  v.  1,  Sept.  1966:  10-12. 

Speculation that the  reactions of diamagnt-tic  and paramagnetic  materials under 
the action vi  rr.agnets  might afford motive power to  flying  saucers. 

Lauritze;i,  Hans.  F1ying  saucers -- superconducting whirls of plasma.  Flying 

saucers,  Mar.  196't:  10-11. 

Author hypothesizes that UFOs  are super-conducting  ring-shaped whirls of 
plasma tra.pped  by  earth's magnetic  lines of force.  Phenomena accompanying 
UFO sightings  are explained in this context. 

----- MagneUc  motors:  power  systems of the flying  saucers?  F1ying  saucers, 

Mar.  19~7:  13-21. 

Author states that in its space program the Soviet Union is using the  mechanical 
accelerator as the pt·opulsion system.  Experiments seem to indicate that its 
range  comprises al!  iields of  velocity through the speed of light and perhaps 
many times faster than light.  Proposals for experiments with this mode  of pro-
pulsion are det:;.iled. 

----- Th~ motive  power of the flying  saucers.  Saucer news,  \'.  13,  Winter  1966-

1967:  7-9. 

Describes theoretical and experimental work carried out to determine the  mo-
tive power of flying  saucers. 

Lafonta,  Paul.  Delendus  est clypeus.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Nov.  1964:  8-12. 

Lists phenomena associated with  UFO sightings and draws conclusions about 
mode  of propulsion based on  interpretations  of  these phenomena. 

Look!  It's flying  discs again.  Popular mechanics,  v.  96,  Aug.  1951:  120-121. 

Desc :iptfon of  electrical principle that pe1 mits  saucer-type metal plate used 
for  disr,iay purp<Jses  to  rotate in  n!id-air without  apparent support. 

Moorehouse,  Frederick G.  The  case of the flying  saucers.  Argosy,  v.  329,  July 

1949:  22-24,  92. 

Author states that: 
(1)  there are flying  saucers;  (2)  they repxesent the  most 
advanced form  of guided missile yet to appea::;  (3)  they use a new  source of 
propulsion which  derives from  a  compact  "soft fission'' atomic powerplant that 
affords amazing performance in terms of  range  and speed:  (4)  they use a  new 
scheme for  guidance  and  control  that gives a  never-before-reached degree of 
precision.  He  documents his claims. 

Norman.  Paul.  Gravity powered objects?  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr. 

1965:  18-20. 

Professor  Fred Hoyle  is quoted ':ls  saying that quasars "must be gravity power-
ed" and that  ''if these stars are gravity-powered they will  be found  to be pulsat-
ing."  It is suggested that the observed pulsations of UFOs  might w~ll suggest 
they are gravity-powered. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Dr.  Hermann Oberth discusses UFOs.  Fate,  v.  15,  May  1962: 

36-43. 

Author says that in the absence of  a  more plausible explanation,  ·1ne  might as-
su~e that UFOs are "flying machines·· that  (1)  are not  built by  hcman  beings; 
(2)  fly by  means of artificial gravity fields;  and  (3)  produce high-tension elec-
tric charges to push the air out of their pati1s  so that it doea  not  start glowing, 
and strong magnetic  fields  to interact with  ionized air at higher altitudes. 
Transitions of UFOs from half-transparent to invisible state might  be related 
to creation of artificial gravity fields.  Oberth  ''would bet  100 to one that  some 
of the contact persons are normal and have seen and experienced something. " 

Ogden,  Richard C.  The creation of the solar system.  Flying saucer review,  v.  4, 

July-Aug.  1958:  14-18. 

Author reveals that there are more than nine planets in our solar system and 
gives locations of three newly-discovered planets; that our solar system  con-
tains more than one asteroid belt; and gives  informatic.~ on  how  man  c~'l defy 
gravity and apply this knowledge toward building a  spacecraft that can maneu-
ver outside earth's atmosphere. 

Plantier,  Jean.  La propulsion des soucoupes volantes par action directe  sur latome. 

Tours,  Maison Mame,  1955.  123 p. 

Presents theqry and supportir.g arguments that  UFOs are propelled through use 
of a  controlled force field.  Explain::;  observed anomalies  in behavior of UFOs 
by  this theory. 

Ross,  John C.  Canada hunts for  saucers.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  12-15. 

Canada's Project Magnet with equipment that  could be used to investigate the 
possibility of flying  saucers powered :1y  magn:-tic  propulsion is described. 

Slater,  Robert M.  Solving the  secret of  UFO propulsion.  Flying saucers,  June 

1968:  15-17. 

Author  proposes a  hypothetical propulsion system for UFOs based on phenome-
na observed in  relation to the objects.  He  theorizes that the machines are 
powered by  a  small fusion  reactor which operates by  combining deuterium 
with helium. 

Strong,  James Godwin.  Flight  to the  stars.  New  York,  Hart  Publishing Co.,  1965. 

178 p. 

Speculative discussion of  future  galactic flight  by  man,  including possible 
means of propulsion and galactic worlds that may be  congenial  for habitation. 

\'an As,  I.  A.  Anti-gravity:  the  science of electrogravitics.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  8,  Jan. -Fell.  1962:  22-24. 

Principl~ i~ 1>roposed for an anti-gravity  diamagnetic  spacecraft of aluminum 
and bismuth that would travel along the lines of force of the planets. 

Watson,  W.  H.  Ufology and the ion rocket.  F1ying  saucer review,  v.  4,  Sept. -Oct. 

1958:  22-23. 

Author develops  hypothesis that UFOs are ion  rocket propelled and presents 
supportini~ evidP.nce. 

Winder,  R.  H.  B.  Design for- a  flying  saucer:  construcHon and performance. 

Flying sauct-r review,  Feb.  1967:  13-rn. 

Author discu<ises the practical application of a fusion-powered hydromagnetic 
spacecraft and problems of  operation in the planetary atmosphere. 

----- Design for a  flying  saucer:  Part m -- characteristics and effects.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr.  1967:  20-23. 

Author desr.dbes ionization and hydromagnetic phenomena associated with the 
use of hydromagnetic propulsion.  He  relates this tlJ  reportert UFO behavior. 

---- - Design for a  flying  saucer:  Part IV  -- characteristics and effects.  F1ying 

saucer review,  v.  13,  May-June  1967:  9-12. 

In discu:.::ion of  characteristics aad effects of  a  disc-shape~ craft with hydro-
magnetic  propulsion,  t'1e  author considers:  (1)  permissible and forbidden 
flight  configurations;  (2)  kinds of  electromagnetic  radiation emittEd by machine; 
(3)  visual  consequences of  ionization in the air;  and (4)  physiol.lgical effects of 
strong magnetic fields. 

======================================================
PSYCHIC  ASPECTS

Allen,  W.  Gordon.  Spacecraft from  beyond three  dimensions.  New  York,  Exposi-

tion Press,  1959.  202  p. 

Develops thesis that the  mind of  man seems to be a  many-levelled (intellectual 
levels)  receiver that  tunes  to  the  "universal thought  source" and that  UFOs 
might  therefore be  th01.1ght-controlled  "thought  form  phenomena. '' 

Asimov,  Isaac.  UFOs--what I think.  Science digest,  v.  59,  June  1966:  44-47. 

Commenting on  the compulsion  of  ''believers" to identify unidentified flyjng  ob-
jects,  the author  says that  "its not what  you see that is suspect,  but  how  you 
interpret what  you see. "  He  suggests that persons who want to believe that the 
spacecraft crews are bent.volent guardians of our welfare are "insecure person b] 
clinging desperately to a fantasy of security.'' 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying  saucers,  July-Aug.  1958:  20-

35. 

General  report of activities of UFO researchers.  Mentions  messages Crom 
extraterrestrial beings allegedly received by  John Otto of  Chicago,  beginnin5 
November ':?8,  1954. 

Barton,  Michael  X.  Release your cosmic power.  Los Angeles,  Futura Presf:., 

1961.  3 p. 

A "way .Jf  life" based on the  ''cosmic secret of  balance" is descrfbed.  Infor-
mation allegedly transmitted to author telepathically by  extraterrestrial beings. 

----- Secrets of  higher contact.  Los  Angeles,  F\~tura Press,  1959.  30  p. 

Technique by which human beings  may  "reach up  into the high  consciousness  of 
the  Interplanetary BE!ings  and contact them" is revealed.  Informatiou trans-
mitted telepathi:cally to author by  "Space  Brothers." 

----- The  spacemasters speak.  Los Angeles,  F\•tura  Press,  1960.  34  p. 

Messages from beings on  Mars,  Venus,  and Antares allegedly transmitted 
telepathically to author for delivery during the  Harmony Grove  (Escondido, 
Calif.) Spacer.raft Convention,  July 2-4,  1960. 

Carter,  Joan  F.  Fc.:urteen footsteps  from  outer space.  Dallas,  Tex.  Royal  Pub-

lishing Co.,  1966.  168 p. 

Describing herself as clairvoyant and gifted with  ESP,  the  author discusses 
sightings,  visions,  and experiences involving UFOs as well  as alleged personal 
encounters with extraterrestrials. 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  The  "psycholc.gical" saucer.  BUFORA  journal  and  bulletin, 

v.  1,  Winter 1965:  17-18. 

Discussion of  the  UFO as a  contemporary visionary manifestation. 

Donnelly,  Joseph W.  Diary of  a psychic.  Hollywood,  Fla.,  The  Author,  1966. 

60  p. 

Anecdotes  and personal  experiences of  author in  the  development  of  extrasen-
sory perception allegedly written under guidance of  "spirit mentors."  Includes 
discussion of ps ye hie-occult-UFO matters. 

Girvin,  Calvin C.  The  night  has a tr.ousand saucers.  El  Monte,  Calif.,  Under-

standing  Publishing  Co.,  1958.  168  p. 

Author cl:,.ims to have been inducted into the  Army in 1944;  tells of being fatally 
wu.1.nded  in World War Il;  of  a  "Venusian'' incarnating into his body and healing 
~is wounds;  and o~ adventures as an agent for friendly extraterrestrials.  Al-
leges physical r:cntact with Venusians and visits to Venusian  "mother ship" 
aboard a flying  saucer. 

Hampton,  Wade  T.  How  to hypnotize by telepathy.  Fate,  v.  9,  Nov.  1956:  88-94. 

Tests indicate that a  subject may be  entranced by mental command. 

----- Mystery of hypnotic  "ecstacy."  Fate,  v.  ·w,  Jan.  1957:  94-99. 

Discussion of the  "visions" of ecstatics and the bearing that the phenomenon 
might have on the existence of a  •·spirit world" and on communication wtth be-
ings on another plane of existence. 

Howard,  Dana.  Th~ keys to the citadel of  space.  Los Angeles,  Llewellyn Publica-

tirms,  Ltd.,  1960.  203 p. 

!Auch  of the knowledge leading to scientific and technological advance today is 
being channeled to man by thought transfer from  'brothers'' on adv:mced planets, 
postulates the author.  She  vuggests that by  cu 1tivating extrasensory r.erception, 
the human mind could readily tap other grades of consciousness to obtain knowl-
edge tt.at will  enable the civilization on earth to attain a htgher (vibrational) 
plane of existence. 

----- Over the threshold.  Los  Angeles,  Llewellyn  Publications,  1957.  140 p. 

Subjective  report of p?..ranormal  contact between author and a  beii1g from  Venus 
who,  in  mission to ''guide  men in the ways of perfection, "  discourses on such 
subjects as:  The Intuitions;  Disease and Destruction;  Reincarnation;  Religion; 
The Subworlds;  The  Akhemy of  Finance;  The Secret of  Youth;  and The  Meaning 
of  Consdousness. 

Inglefield,  Gilbert S.  Fatima:  the three alternatives.  Flying saucer  rc:view,  v.  10, 

May-June  1964:  5-6. 

Events at  Fatima,  Portugal,  on  Oct.  13,  1917,  must have  one  of  three explana-
tions,  claims the  author:  (1)  the  dancing  sun was  a phenomenon that  science 
can explain;  (2)  it was  a pure miracle;  or,  (3)  it was  due  to UFO  intervention 
either on  its own or with the  liaison of Christian agency. 

James,  Trevor.  The  case for  contact.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  8,  Jan. -Feb. 

1962:  9-11. 

Use of  occult  science as a  new  tool  in  investigating claims by individuals of con-
tact with extraterrestrial beings  is suggested by  author.  He  says the occult 
scientist would  approach thE-se  reports with some assurance that the contactee 
had had experiences  involvin~ his perceptions and could evaluate situations that 
were not  necessarily th~ way  they  seemed to the  contactee. 

James,  Trevor.  S<.\ucers  and psychism.  Flying saucer review,  v.  5,  Nov. -Dec. 

1959:  24-27. 

Author postulates that any  investigation,  go\·ernment  or personal,  which does 
not take into account the ;>sychic  aspects of  UFO phenomena,  cannot be con-
sidered either truly scientific or exhaustive.  He defiues psychic as "beyond 
known physical processes''  and  suggests that cases of psychic  contacts indicate 
UFO experiences of an intradimensional nature. 

----- Scientists,  contactees and equilibrium.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  Jan. -

Feb.  1960:  19-21. 

Auther suggests that review of  stories of  persons allegedly contacted by extra-
terrestrial beings  reveals a  struggle between Christ and anti-Christ forces. 
Allegations should be evaluated not  so much in the  light  of whether they are 
possible or valid but  in the light of who contacted these people:  were they forces 
of  good or forces of evi!? 

Jung,  Carl Gustav.  Flying saucers; a  modern myth  of  things seen in the  skies. 

Trar.slated from the German by  R.  F.  C.  Hull.  New  York,  Harcourt,  :arare, 
1959.  186 p. 

Text treats UFOs primarily as a psychological phenomenon with  particular em-
phasis on their or:currence in  dreams and in modern poetry.  Explains basic 
emotional pattern and act!ons of  individuals ciaimir.g contact with occupants of 
UFOs.  Translation of  Ein  moderner M  bus (Zurich,  Rascher-Verlag,  1958). 
Issued also in British edition  London.  Routledge  &  Paul,  1959). 

Kor,  Peter.  Perspective:  flying  saucers--physical or psychic?  Saucer news, 

v.  13,  Fall  1966:  10-12. 

Inquiry into the language and  concepts that have  been used to determine the 
nature of  the UFO phenomenon . 

.... ee,  Gloria.  The  going and the  glory.  Aukland,  New  Zealand,  Her?Jds of  the  New 

Age,  1966.  73  p. 

Book  was  allegedly dictated telepathically to Verity by Gloria Lee  after her 
demioe  on  Dec.  2,  1962.  Discusses the  condition of  the soul after death.  Pos-
tulates that "space people" are etheric  b~ings and that earth people in their pre-
sent stage of development  would not  be  aL!e  to see them "in their own  environs." 
''Space people"  materializE.•  only when they  "convert to earth's frequency. " 

Martin,  Mitch.  Space  travelers in  1870?  Fate,  v.  11,  Sept.  1958:  44-50. 

Account  of  reports on  psychometric exploration of  oute-r  space--especially 
Mars--by the  Denton family of  Wellesle~·,  Mass.,  between  1860  and  1873. 
William  Denton was.  convinced that the  men on  Mars had  "traced us  out  as a 
people" in  1873. 

Meerloo,  Joost A.  Flying saucer syndrome and the need for  miracles.  Journal of 

the  American Medical Association,  v.  203,  Mar.  18,  1968:  170. 

Analysis of  subjective interpretation and failures in objectivity that  may e::plain 
flying  saucer reports:  (1)  memory distortions;  (2)  personal search for  magic; 
(3)  optical  illusions;  (4)  psychological perceptual distortion;  (5)  physical distor-
tion of  images;  (6)  anxiety;  (7)  flying  saucer cult;  (8)  rumor and propaganda. 

Michael,  Cecil.  Roundtrip to P.ell  in a flying  saucer.  New  York,  Vantage  Press, 

1955.  61  p. 

Account of  author's alleged contact in  1952 with  extratenestrial beings who  had 
the power to  materialize and dematerialize at will and who  took him to their 
planet,  Hell,  in his astral body aboard a flying saucer. 

Miller,  Will  and E'1elyn Miller.  We  of the new  dimension.  Los  Angeles,  The 

Authors, [ 195-)  .  115 p. 

Intelligences from  other worlds and dimensions allegedly dictate the book tele-
pathically to the authors.  The  role of  the individual  in the universe and how  he 
can advance  into a well-balanced,  fuller life is discussed. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Katechismus der Uranidem.  Wiesbaden-Schierstein,  Ventla-

Verlag,  1966.  160 p. 

Communication with an extraterrestrial bting through a  psychic  medium has 
caused Oberth to adopt this view:  there is a  soul which outlives the body;  this 
world serves as a  training-gro11nd for the soul; the  soul  will  continue life  (on 
a planet where conditions are in keeping with  its  degree of  development) after 
death. 

Pelley,  William  D.  Star guests ... design for  mortality.  Noblesville,  Ind.,  Soule raft 

Press,  1950.  318  p. 

Description of experiments in clairaudient writing and psychical contact with 
beings  ''of the  more harmonious planes ... above  the planes of  earth." 

Perturbations psychiques.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Dec.  1966:  21-23. 

Psychic  effect on  witnesses of  encounters with flying  saucers is discussed. 

Ribera,  Ant::mio.  What  happened at  Fatima?  Flying saucer  review,  v.  10,  Mar. -

Apr.  1964:  12-14. 

, 

Resume of  the  miraclP at  Fatima,  north  of  Lisbon,  Portugal,  which  exte11ded 
from  May  13  to  Oct.  7,  1917,  in  context of  the  UFO phenomenon.  Autho1·  sug-
gests that UFO  occupants  may presi:nt themselves in terms familiar to  "con-
tactees, '' usually as divine  manifestations. 

Unger,  George.  F1ying  saucer:  physical and  spiritual aspects.  Foreword by  Dr.  H. 

Poppelbaum.  East Grinstead,  Sussex,  Eng.,  New  Knowledge  Books,  1958. 
43 p. 

An  anthr~csophist convinced of spiritual  relationship between the cosmos and 
earth,  autltor postulates tha'  while UFOs are real pt.enomena,  they are not 
spacecraft ~.rom other p!anetE.;  the spreading of  sensational news  about their 
appearanc~s may be considered a  largP.-scale diverting maneuver by advers'.! 
spiritual forr.es  to distract mankind from task of  spiritual development. 

Walsh,  William  T.  Our Lady  of Fatima.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1947.  227  p. 

'Ibree shepherd children from Serra da Aire,  Portugal,  reported six times in 
1917 that they had  seen a  circular globe of  light descend from the  heavens and 
had spoken with a  lady--later thought to be the  Virgin Mary--who had stepped 
from inside it. 

=======================================================
RADAR 

Browning,  Keith  A.  and David Atlas.  Velocity characteristics of some clear-air 

dot angels.  Journal of the atmospt.eric  sciences,  v.  23,  Sept.  1966:  592-604. 

Nat'.1re  of the targets responsible for cel'tain clear-air dot  angel echoes,  and 
their suitability as winu tracers,  are deduced from pulse Doppler  radar obser-
vations of their velocity characteristics. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  Have UFOs learned to outwit  radar? 

Fate,  v.  12,  Dec.  1959:  50-55. 

Sightings of  UFOs flying  either  very high or very low  may indicate  radar de-
t<:?ction  evasion maneuvers. 

Glover,  Kenneth  M.,  Kenneth  R.  Hardy,  Thomas  G.  Konrad,  W.  N.  Sullivan,  and 

A.  S.  Michaels.  Radar observations of insects in free flight.  Science,  v.  154, 
Nov.  25,  1966:  967-972. 

It is concluded that  the  mysterious discrete  "dot angel" echoes observed from 
invisible targets in the apparently clear atmosphere are,  in large  measure, 
due  to insects. 

Klass,  Philip.  That was  no  saucer,  that was an echo.  Aviation week,  v.  59, 

July  20,  195.l:  26,  28,  30. 

CAA study of unidentified radar plots is reported as showing that the  spurious 
targets are caused by  radar energy which  ricochets off  small  atmosphei-lc 
areas,  strikes the  ground,  and  returns an  echo via the  same path.  These iso-
lated refracting 'l.reas are normally found  under temperature inversion condi-
tions an~ travel with the  wind,  giving  moving-target indications on  radar scopes. 

Findings contained in CAA T. D.  Report No.  180  entitled  "A Preliminary Study 
of Unidentified  Targets Observed on  Air Traffic  Control  Radars" by  Richard C. 
Borden and Tirey K.  Vickers. 

Malian,  Lloyd.  These  saucers nearly foole1 the  Air  Force.  T'lis week,  May 7, 

1967:  4-5. 

Report on  investigation of  radar sightings near Guam  of  what appeared to be 
UFOs.  Objects weret  identified as U.S.  aircraft flying  below horizon. 

Saucers over Paris.  Flying  saucers from  other worlds,  June  1957:  76-77. 

UFO was tracked by  radar from Orly Airport,  near Paris,  France,  on  Febru-
ary 19,  1956.  Speed was  calculated at 2,250  miles an hour. 

Something in the air.  Time,  v.  60,  Aug.  11,  1952:  58. 

Radar.  impulses bouncing off a  temperature inversion are suggested as the ex-
planation for  mysterious radar  "blips" believed by some to be caused by flying 
saucers over the  Capitol  in Washington,  D.  C.,  .July  20-21,  1952. 

Study  radar  ''ghosts.''  Science news  letter,  v.  62,  Aug.  16,  1952:  99. 

Article states that a  DOD  panel  is trying to  discover the phenomena that can be 
picked ~P by  radar.  It is hoped  that findings  will help  dispel  impression that 
uaex~1ected 'blips'' appearing on radar screens are "flying saucers. " 

Temperature inversions cause  'flying saucers."  Science news  letter,  v.  62,  Dec. 

20,  1952:  388. 

Report the  CAA had confirmed that the  ''flying  saucers'' seen on  radar scopes 
at  National  Airport near Washington,  D.  C.,  during  July  1952  were results of 
temperature inversions bending the  radar waves. 

=====================================
RADIATION  EFFECTS 

Foght,  Paul.  Guilty:  the  m}'stery  ray that  kills.  Fate,  v.  14,  Mar.  1961:  31-33. 

A young  man  is found  dead  in his car,  his skin and  flesh destroyed while  his 
clothing and hair were intact.  The car was  hot  enough  to  melt a  religious stat-
ue on the  dashboard althoubh  nothing w~s burned.  It is sugp;ested that  a  nuclear 
energy  ray would have had this effect. 

Haythornthwaite,  P.  K.  Radioactivity and  the UFO.  BUFORA  journal and bulletin, 

v.  1,  Summer 1965:  13-14. 

Possible radiation effects of  UFOs are  considered. 

Hervey,  Michael.  The  strange growing in Martinique.  Fate,  v.  9,  Sept.  1956: 

27-41. 

Radioactive deposits  of an unknown  nature on the  island of Martinique seem to 
affect the growth of  animals,  insects,  plants,  and man to a  remarkable degree. 
It is suggested that an extraterrestrial spacecraft crashed on  Monte  Pel~e in 
1948  and that the  radiation is emanating from the wreck which has buried itself 
deeply in the ground. 

Slaboda,  Emil.  He  collected on  a  flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  10,  June  1957:  66-69. 

Night watchman Harry J.  Sturdevant was  granted medical compensation for 
disability caused by  injuries he  said he suffered when  a  UFO zoomed past him 
while  he was on duty.  Alleged incident took place near  Trenton,  N.  J. ,  on 
Oct._2,  1956. 

Smith,  Alson J.  Psychic warnings of  Pel~e eruption.  Fate,  v.  13,  May  1960:  27-

34. 

Many  omens  of  disaster preceded the eruption of  Mt.  Pelee,  Martinique.  on 
May  8,  1902.  A single fiery blast incinerated the 40,000  occupants of the  city 
of  St.  Pierre in less than one  minute.  It ha~ been speculated th1t explosion of 
a..*l  e~raterrestrial spacecraft within the  mountain's  crater was  responsible for 
th~ destruction. 

Young,  Mort.  The flying  saucer invasion that panicked thP  Pentagon.  Saga,  v.  34, 

July  1967:  22-25,  70,  72,  74-76. 

It is claimed that after the flurry of  UFO sightings in Michigan  in March  1966, 
investigators found  traces of  radioactivity,  peculiar impres~ions in the ground, 
and that all plant and animal  life in the  immediate sighting area had b1:>en  k1lled. 
Excerpted from UF'O--Top Secret (New  York,  Simon  &  Schuster,  1967). 

=============================================================
RESEARCH 

Bowman,  Norman J.  The  need for  critical analysis of flying  disc  reports.  Journal 

of  spaceflight,  v.  5,  Nov.  1953:  11. 

UFO data that has been gathered by  Government  and  civilian research groups 
should be analyzed statistically to  indicate what  is probably unreliable,  deter-
mine averages,  etc.,  the author suggests.  He  feels that this is the  only way 
the  UFO problem can be  approached to yield conclusions of  significance. 

Caputo,  Livio.  Anche  gli astronauti hanno visto i dischi.  volanti.  Epoca,  v.  LXIV, 

Aug.  28,  1966:  16-23. 

Report on UFO sightings,  chiefly in the U.S.,  from  1897  to  19titi and on  investi-
gation of phenomenon by  Project  Blue  Book.  Research programs of  NICAP  and 
APRO are mentioned. 

Chartrand,  Robert  Land William  F.  Brown.  Facts about •midentifieu flying  objectF .. 
Washington,  D.  C.,  Library of  Congress,  Legislative  Reference Service,  1966. 
29  p. 

Includes  the following:  description of  various types  of  UFOs;  trends in UFO 
activity;  historical sightings of  aerial phenomena;  identification of flying  objects 
(versus UFOs);  U.S.  Government  monitoring of  UFO activity;  special  studies of 
UFOs;  special ~l'iefings on UFO activity; public  reaction to UFOs;  Air Force 
Regulation 200-.&. 

Cohen,  Daniel.  UFOs--what a new  investigation may  reveal.  Science digest,  v.  60, 

Dec.  1966:  54-56,  58,  60-63. 

Reviews  USAF's  Project  Blue  Book  investigation of  UFO  reports and summa-
rizes aims of  independent  15-month study by University of  Colorado. 

Davidson,  Leon.  Flying saucers:  an analysis of  the  Air  Force  Project Blue  Book 

Special Report  No.  14.  [3rd ed.,  rev.  and enl. J  Ramsey,  N.  J.,  Ramsey-
Wallace  Corp.,  1966.  84  p. 

Author  states that throughout its investigation of  UFO phenomena,  USAF has 
withheld information,  photographs,  and other evidence it has amassed.  He 
suggests  that full  text of  Project Blue  Book Special Report  No.  14  (analysis 
of  reports of  unidentified aerial objects)--an offset copy dated May  5,  1955  is 
in the  appendix--probably was not  mude  readily available to the public because 
in  20% to  30% of  cases in  main  study,  origin of objects sighted was declared 
unknown.  He  also points  out that the report did not  discuss whether or not 
there was evidence to prove or disprove the theory that  U !<'Os  might be  extra-
terrestrial objects or devices.  First and second editions  published by author 
(White  Plains  19G6,  1957). 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards,  report:  ten years of  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  10,  vet. 

1957:  65-69. 

Summarizes government  research into the .\ttitudes concerning UFO phenome-
non  1947-1957. 

Everett,  Eldon K.  Saucers over Puget Sound.  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  1958: 

52-60. 

Author  relates experiences in flying  saucer investigations from  1948 to 1954, 
including  the  Maury  Island  (Wash. ) incident. 

Fawcett,  George D.  UFO  repetitions.  Flying  saucers,  Aug.  1966:  28. 

Lists aspects of UFO  sightings that are repeatedly  reported. 

F'ontes,  Olavo  T.  A suggested scientific investigation of the UFO  phroomenon. 

Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  1967:  22-24. 

In setting up  a  scientific  im·esti~ation into the UFO phenomenon,  it is suggested 
that  the foHowing  steps be  takt-n:  (1)  cancellation of unnecesmrysecurity restric-
tions;  (2)  a  systematic  rather than haphazud search for  UFO appearances;  (3) 
use of the  most effective detection methods available;  (4)  determination of the 
best locations to  set up detection instruments;  (5)  use of  a  conver~ent pr()('Pdure 
to alert given areas of a possible UFO sighting;  {6)  distribution of  available 
equipment and trained observers iu  reasonable  proportions  in different areas; 
(71  consideration of effect the search procec:b1re  might  have on the  searthed 
object. 

Fouere,  Rene.  Sommes-nous aun tournant?  Phenom~:les spatiamc,  Dec.  1966:  6-

12. 

Author postuiates that  UFO  research seems to have  rea.-:hed a  crucial turning 
point and cites ".S  indications oi this the fact that  (1)  USAF has begun to make 
its Project Blu1•  Book files  more accessible to  researchers,  and  (2)  establish-
ment of the Condon  Project at the University GI Cul or ado to study UFO phtnomena. 

Gibbons,  Russel W.  Ohio Northern investigates the  saucers.  Fate,  v.  5,  Oct. 

1953:  18-20. 

Basic objectives of Ohio  Northern's  ?roject A.  begun in July  1952,  are sum-
marized:  (1)  to objectively collect data from all possible sources deali~ with 
''flying saucers, "  and to anal7zP this data in various departmi'nts of  the unh•u-
sity;  (2)  to make public the  results of research of a private institution u~am -
pered by  bureaucratic  restrictions;  (3)  to stimulate and promote objecti\'e study 
of all types of illusory phenomena by  individual  observers,  and to  issue reports 
of  the project  investigations; and  (4)  to aid in creating more accurate observers 
for the civilian air defense program. 

Gli  UFO 1al' lnghilterra all 'URfilo,.  Centro unico nazionalc per lo  studio del  fenom-

eni  ritenuti di natura extraterrestre.  Notiziario,  No.  6,  1967:  13-20. 

Newspaper accounts of  "official" Soviet  interest in flying  saucers are summa-
rized.  Government commission to  study  UFO phenomenon  is discuo;;sed. 

Gre~nfield,  Irving  A.  The  UFO  report.  New  York,  !.ancer Books,  19t:7.  141  p. 

Summary  of  tile author's personal  investigations into the  numerous UFO sight-
ing  repo:-ts  on  Long  Island,  N.  Y.,  in the  spring of  1966,  including  many first-
hand accounts and a  review of the  history of the phenomenoa.  Supports the ex-
traterrestrial thesis ar.t'  the  ''Air  Force ccnspiracy" allegations. 

Hatvany,  Edgar  A.  Dr.  Hynek  &  the  UFOs.  BU FORA  journal  and bulletin,  v.  1, 

Autumn  1966:  5-8. 

Commentary on letter from  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek  dated Aug.  1,  1966,  and sub-
mitted to but  not  pubH..;hert  by Jlcience,  in which he urges  scientific  attention 
to the CFO phenomenon. 

Hickman,  Warren and Eric Turner.  Report from  Ohio  Northern.  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct. 

1953:  21-25. 

Highlights from  analysis of the  54  UFO sightings  reported to Ohio Northern 
University's  Project A are:  (1)  the  objects fly  with a  pe~~iar step-like pattern 
of  flight,  moving  in a  horizoni.al  path,  then  risinJ!  n ... rtically,  then moving hori-
zontally again,  in a  series of  steps;  (2}  i.rained observers who have been close 
to the "saucers" state they are  material objects;  (3)  they are disc-like in shape 
and their domes  give  of!  w1  amber light.  At  night the  color seems reddish.  'lbe 
rest of the disc  is silver-colored c ~cept for a  hazy blue light around the edges; 
(4)  observers only yards from  the objects sighted have  ruled 01Jt  explanations of 
light  reflection,  cloud  formation,  ionization,  and similar theories. 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  The  scientific problem posed by unidentified flying  objects.  Evans-

ion,  Ill.,  The  Author,  1968.  15 p. 

Author  makes the following  recommendations:  (1)  that a  mechanism be  set up 
whereby  the  problem posed by the  reports from  all over the world,  but especial-
ly  in  the U.S. ,  from people of high credibility,  can be adequately studied,  using 
all  methods available  to  modern science;  and (2)  that the U.S.  seek the  coopera-
tion of  the  United  Nations in establishing a  means for the impartial and free  in-
terchange among  nations  of information about unidentified flying objects.  State-
ment  made  at the Symposium  on  Unidentified  Flying Objects,  Committee on Sci-
ence and Astronautics,  House of  Representatives,  July 29,  1968. 

----- Tne  UFO gap.  Playboy,  v.  14,  D~c.  1967:  144-146,  267,  269-271. 

Author  says that from  what  "hard" information he  has,  the U.S. S. R.  may have 
lx>en  studyini;  the  UFO phenomenon with dispassionate thoroughness for years; 
the  U.  S.  is only now  beginning to consid~r treating the problem seriously.  He 
outlinc•s what  he believes to  be  a  thorough  and efficient way to  obtain scientific 
knowled~e of  UFOs. 

I nostri a(lerenti ci  hanno  chiesto. il parere sull'  AIAS.  Centro unico nazionale per 

lo  studio del  fenomeni  ritenuti di natura extraterrestre.  Notiziario,  no.  4, 
1967:  1-4. 

Repurt on  founding  in Home  of  l 'Associ.azione  Italiana Avvistatori Spaziali which 
proposes to scientifically study the UFC ~henomenon and to serve as an  inter-
national  clearinghouse for UFO information. 

Keel,  John.  UFOs--the statistical problem.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1968:  18-19. 

Author  states that  random UFO  sighting reports do not provide  data of  sufficient 
depth or ''keye to the  many hidden factors" of the pher.omenon.  He  suggests 
that UFO  researchers revise their approach to the  subject and  "search for  new 
and possibly illogical  (by  our standards)  clues buried in the more controversial 
cases." 

Kor,  Peter.  Perspective:  flying  saucers--physical or psychic?  Saucer news, 

v.  13,  Fall  1966:  10-12. 

Inquiry into the language and concepts that have  been used to determine the  n<' -
ture of the l'FO phenomenon. 

Kor,  Peter.  UFOs from the critic's corner:  the  myth of the flying  saucer mystery. 

Flying saucers,  Dec.  1959:  48-53. 

Author,  a  non-believer in UFOs,  gives  reasons for his non-belief and critically 
analyzes current UFO  "rese?.rch." 

McDonald,  James  E.  A need for  un  international  study of  UFOs.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  11. 

Author writes an endorsement to Soviet  scientist Zigel's plea for  "a joint effort 
of all the scientists of  the world" to determine the nature of  UFOs.  From a 
Dec.  10,  1967,  New  York  Times  story by Henry Kamm. 

Malian,  Lloyd.  What we are doing about UFOs.  Science  &  mechanics,  v.  ~8,  Jan. 

1967:  38-43,  62-67,  76. 

Survey of activities of official and private organizations engaged in  UFO research. 

Maney,  Charles A.  Scientific aspects of UFO  research.  Flying  saucer review, 

v.  4,  Sept. -Oct.  1958:  10-12,  30. 

Maney discusses role of  scientific method in UFO  research in speech at open-
ing of Planetary Center,  Detroit,  Mich.,  June  14,  1958. 

Margolis,  Howard.  The  UFO phenomenon.  Bulletin of  the  atomic scientists,  v.  23, 

June  1967:  40-42. 

Problems and diificulties inherent in the UnivE:rsity of  Colorado study of uniden-
tified flying  objects are discussed by  the author.  He  concludes that it is un-
likely that the final  report will  resolve  the  issue and speculates that  it  may 
"add m'.lre  fuel  to the  controversy. •· 

Michel,  Aime.  A note on William  of Occam.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -

Apr.  1968:  10-11. 

Author points out that William of Occam's dictum that  "for the purpo:;e of  ex-
planation,  things not  known  to exist should not. .. be postulated as existing" is 
a  dangerous  intellectual narcotic.  He  asserts that all  discoveries without  ex-
ception have been made by rebels who  rejected the  "simplest hypothesis, " and 
likens these pioneers  to  UFO  researchers who  refuse to adhere to the  ''mis-
interpretation'' theory about.  UFOs. 

Miller,  Max  B.  Report on the UFO.  FatP,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  31-34. 

Review  of  Edward J.  Ruppelt's book about the U.S.  Air  Force's UFO  investi-
gations,  The  Report  on  Unidentified  Flying Objects  (New  York,  Doubleday, 
1956). 

-

Miller,  Ste'Vart.  On  scientific dogma.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr. 

196'1:  26-27. 

Speculation ab('lut  UFOs  must be  expr~ssed within a  coherent and consistent 
framework,  the author postulates; otherwise UFO  researchers mui;t  n~t level 
ac.cusations  of  '.":\rrow-mindedness at those who point out  mistakes. 

Munday,  John C.  On the  UFOs.  Bulletin of the atomic scientists,  v.  23.  Dec. 

1967:  40-4L 

Ai.1thor  urges independent,  exhaustive studies into the  UFO phenomenon. 

Oberth,  Hermann.  Warum Ufoforschung?  In  Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft ftlr 

Interplanetarik.  Wien,  J:;uropaischer-Verlag,  1961.  p.  1-7. 

After  summarizing hypotheses that  might  explain the  UFO phenomenon,  the 
author predicts that  scientific  institutions will  enter seriously into UFO  re-
search once the field  has  been  more clearly defined so that it can be assigned 
to the appropriate specialists and when  enough evidence h:::.s  been collected .so 
that the facts  can no longer be denied or ridic•1led. 

Plenty going on  in the  ..;kies.  U.S.  news  &  world report,  v.  36,  Jan.  1,  1954:  27-

28. 

Exrerpts from  text of  USAF  report on its investigation of  •midentified flying  ob-
jects during 1952. 

Priestly,  Lee.  Inside  At~kO ... a  saucer f::in  club.  Fate,  v.  12,  Jan.  19S9:  59-65. 

Account  of  the c::.ctivities  of  the  Aerial  Phenomena Research  ('Ir ·anization (APRO) 
of  Tucson,  Arizona. 

The  Projec:t  A report.  Ada,  Ohio,  Ohio  No&thern  University.  1953.  9 p. 

Scientific analysis of  unidentified flying  objects  reported in the  year  1952.  Con-
ducted by  the faculty and  staff of  Ohio  Northern University,  Ada,  Ohio. 

Psychoanalyzing the flying  saucers.  Air  force,  v.  33,  Feb.  1950:  15-19. 

Psychological  study prepared by  USAF's  Aeromedical  Laboratory.  Writer con-
cludes that  there are  sufficient  psychological  explanations for the  reports  of 
unidentified flying  objects to provide plausible  explanations for  reports not 
otherwise explainable.  Errors in  identifying  real  stimuli result chiefly from 
inability to  estimate speed,  distance,  and  size. 

Rehn,  K.  Gosta.  The  question  of procf -- a  new  slant.  Bromma,  Sweden,  The 

Author.  1967.  5 p. 

It is ~he author:.,;  ~on~en.tion that  in  the study of  the  UFO phenomenon,  philosophy 
of  science has  1ur1sd1chon and  must  rule on the problem,  claiming precedence 
over other disciplines. 

Rogers,  Warren.  Flying saucers.  Look,  v.  31,  Mar.  21,  1967:  76-80. 

Background information on the USAF-sponsorei:t  study of the UFO phenomenon 
by the  University of  Colorado- -what  it hop{'S  to accom1;iish and how. 

Ruppelt,  Edward  F.  Inside  story of  the sauce:s.  Science digest,  \'.  39.  Apr.  1956: 

35-41. 

Condensed frcm a  chapter of the book,  '_fhe  Report on  Unidentified_ _fJiing  Ob_: 
jects, published in New  York by  Doubleday,  1956.  Author  describes his activ-
ities as head of USAF's  Project  Blue  Book,  1951-!953.  He  states that  while 
balloons,  airplanes,  stars,  and  many other common  objects have been  report-
ed as UFOs,  there are hundreds of other UFO  reports which crirry the  verdict, 
"Conclusion Unknown." 

----- What our Air Force found  out  about fly!ng  saucers.  True,  May  1954:  19-20, 

22,  24,  26,  30,  124-134. 

Ruppelt,  in charge of  USAF's  Project  Blue  Book from  1951  to  1953,  reports 
what he learned about flying  saucers during  this period.  He  states his opinion 
that the  saucers a~e either interplanetary or cto  not  exist. 

Science and space:  UFO-watcher watcher.  Newsweek,  \'.  69,  Mar.  20,  1967:  111. 

Interview with physicist Dr.  Erlward U.  Condon about procedures and techniques 
planned in UFO investigation he  heads at the  University of  Colorado.  Project 
is supported by  Air  Force Office of Scientific  Research. 

Serious flaws  in AF Special  Report  14  revealed by  NICAP  analysis.  The  UFO inves-

tigator,  v.  1,  Jan.  1958:  16-16. 

Analysis of  the  main points of  USAF  Project  Blue  Book  report. 

Sharp,  Peter  F.  The truth:  some suggestions for  the  inve~tigator.  Flying  sau<'er 

review,  v.  9,  Nov. -Dec.  1963:  7-&. 

Advice  to UFO  researchers:  (1)  the  investigator should always bear in  mind 
the  scarcity factor,  i.e.,  his  normal  reaction is to become  increasingly scepti-
cal as  the unusualness of the  case increases;  (2)  theories  must  only  be  huilt  on 
wide  experience and documentation. 

Snuldiner,  Herbert.  The  great UFO probe.  Popular science,  v.  191,  Oct.  1967: 

120-123. 

Report on the objectives of  a  $313,000 USAF-sponsored study of the UFO phe-
nomenon at the  University of  Colorado,  headed by Dr.  Edward U.  Condon. 
Findings would be  released in  Fall  1968. 

Simons,  Howard.  American newsletter.  New  scientist,  v.  32,  Oct.  27,  1966:  174. 

Announcement that the Air  Force had enlisted Dr.  Edward U.  Condon of the 
University of  Colorado to head a  15-month study of unidentified flying objects 
(UFOs)  under~ :t313,000 grant. 

Sprinkle,  R.  Leo.  Patterns of UFO  reports.  Laramie,  Wyoming,  The  Author, 

1967.  15p. 

References are cited which  survey the  literature on UFO reports,  including ex-
planatory hypotheses.  Results of  various  investigators are summarized,  with 
emphasis on evidence  indicating that UFOs  are spacecraft controUed by intelli-
gent beings who  are conducting an intensive survey of  the earth.  Suggestions 
are offered with  regard to psychological procedures ~nd techniG_ues  for  investi-
gating UFO reports,  with emphasis on hypnotic !echniques and the pendulum 
technique for comparing the  reliaLility of  conscious and subconsdous informa-
tion from UFO observers.  Speech given at Sept.  1-5,  1968,  meeting of  Ameri-
can  Psychological  Association,  Washington,  D.  C.,  under title  "Psychological 
Problems of  Gathering UFO Data.'' 

----- Some uses of  hypnosis  iri  ~JFO r£Jt.arch.  Laramie,  Wyoming,  The  Author, 

19GIL  18  p. 

A brief review of  UFO literature is presented.  Examples are described in the 
use of hypnotic  techniques  in investigation of persons who have  observed UFO 
phenomena.  Advantages  an,·  disadvantages of hypnosis are discussed in regard 
to  obtaining more detailed information from UFO observers.  Speculations are 
offered regarding possible relationships of paranormal or ESP processes and 
observations  of  UFO phenomena.  Cases are described which  indicate possible 
relationship;;  of  hypnotic  and psychic experiences of UFO observers.  Sugges-
tions are presented for further investigation of UFO phenomena through use  of 
hypnotic  and parapsychological procedures.  Speech delivered May  9,  1968,  at 
Rocky  Mountain  Psychological  Association Meeting. 

Szachnowski,  Antoni.  The necessity of  a  global  international federation of UFO 

groups.  BUFORA  journal  and bulletin,  v.  1,  Spring 1965:  5-9. 

L•?cture at  the Southern Region UFO Research Groups Conference,  Oxford, 
England,  May  8,  1965. 

Tacker,  Lawrence  J.  Flying  saucers and the  U.S.  Air  Fc;.·ce.  Princeton,  N.  J., 

Van  Nostrand,  1960.  164  p. 

Author,  a former USAF public  information officer on  UFOs,  discusses UFO 
sightings  reported to  Aerospace  Technical  Intelligence  Center  (Project Blue 
Book),  Wright  Patterson Air  Force  Base,  from  Summer  1947  through Summer 
1960  in attempt to  demonstrate that,  in general,  they were misinterpretations 
of  known  objects.  He  also gives  history of  USAF's  research effort  into UFO 
!)henomena,  including  Project Saucer and  Project Grudge. 

UFOs  again.  Ordnance,  v.  51,  Mar. -Apr.  1967:  450 

Announcement that USAF  had  awarded  a~313,000 contract to the University of 
Colorado for scientific evaluation of UFOphenomenon.  Project would  be  head-
ed by Dr.  Edward U.  Condon. 

U.S.  Air  Force.  Air Materiel Command.  Unidentified aerial objects;  Project Sign. 

Da)rton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson Air  Force  Rase,  1949.  35 p.  {Its  Technical 
Report No.  F-TR-2274-IA) 

-

Descl"iptive and analytical study of  243  domestic  and  30 foreign  reported UFO 
Individual  cases are described in brief form 
sightings between 1947  and 1948. 
as an appendix.  Methods and  reasoning applied in evaluating data are preser 1t.d. 
Project Sign was initiated by  the  Technical  Intelligence  Division,  Air Materiel 
Command,  on January 22,  1946. 

·---- Unidentified flying objects;  Project Grudge.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright- l?atterson 

Air  Force  Base,  1949.  366  p.  (Its  Technical Report No.  102-AC 49/15100) 

Report discusses in full  the history of  Project Grudge,  the problems encounter-
ed,  and the prov~dures followed  in the investigation and evaluation of  reports 
of unidentified flyin~ objects  through January 1949. 

U.S.  Air  Force.  Air  Technical  lntelli  ence  Center.  Special  report no.  14.  (Analy-
sis of  reports of unidentified aerial objects  •  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson 
Air  Force Base,  1955.  308  p.  (Project no.  10073) 

Results of  1953  study of  UFOs by  committee chaired by H.  P.  R'lbertson,  theo-
retical physicist at California Institute  of  Technology.  Examination of  distribu-
tions  of important characteristics of sightings and study of  sightings evaluated 
as  ''unknown" led to conclusion that a  combination of factors,  principally the  re-
ported maneuvers of  the  objects and unavailability of  supplemental data such as 
aircraft flight plans or balloon-launchir.g  records,  resulted in failure to  identify 
as  ''knowns"  most of  the reports of objects  classified as  "unknowns.  " 

The  U.S.  Air  Force news  release.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  8,  July-Aug.  1962: 

11-13. 

Statement on  UFO  report evaluation for  1961  issued by  USAF  in  February 1962. 

U.S.  Congress.  House.  Committee  on  Armed Services.  Vnidentified flying  objects. 
(89th  Cong.,  2d  sess.  House. 

[Washington,  U.S.  Govt.  Print.  Off.,  1966)  84  p. 
Report no.  55) 

Information concerning  U.  S.  Air  Force  activities  in  the  area of  reported sightings 
of unidentified flying objects . 

. 

Vallee,  Jacques.  How  to  classify and codify  saucer sightings.  Flying  saucer re-

view,  v.  9,  Sept. -Oct.  1963:  9-12. 

Article sets forth  briefly principles which  can be used in the  classification and 
coding of  flying  saucer sightings. 

----- How  to  select significant UFO  reports.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

Oct.  1965:  15-18. 

Author believes that the  scient.ific  way to process UFO data is to divide the prob-
lem  into two parts:  (1)  consider all the  reports from all available sources,  try-
ing  to explain them in terms of conventional  objects;  (2)  when all identified cases 
have been  eliminated,  the  residue must contain reference to the UFO phenome-
non  if it exists as an  unconventional,  objective agent in the  generation of  reports. 

Vallee,  Jacques.  A survey of  French UFO  research groups.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  22-24. 

Evaluation of the five  major  French publications  devoted  to UFO  research: 
Ouranos  (Commission Internationale d'  Enqu~tes Scientifiques Ouranos);  GEPA 
Bulletin (GroupemE>ct  d'  Etude  de  PMnomen~s Aeriens); lllnieres  dans la """N\i'it; 
Letaurier Interplanetaire;  and the  CEREIC  Bulletin (Centred' Etude et de 
Recherche d' Elements  Inconnus de  Civilization). 

----- A ten point  research proposal.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Sept. -Oct. 

1966:  12-14. 

Author suggests thJ.t  UFO  research is an ordinary field of  science and lists ten 
problems which can be  resolved by  applying  conventional  scientific techniques 
(i.e.,  problems which do  not  require t~~ development of  new  methods and do 
not  pre-suppose new  discoveries in other fields  of knowledge). 

----- UFO  research in the U.S. A.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Nov. -Dec.  1965: 

~2-36. 

Author lists civilian groups rictive  in UFO  research and attempts to assess their 
reliability. 

----- UFO  research in the  U.S. A.  Flying  saucer  review,  v.  12,  Jan. -Feb.  1966: 

6-11. 

Author  reports on  his imprei:sions of  trends--motivations and theories--in 
American ·ufology. 

Vall~e,  Jacques and  Janine  Vallee.  Les ph~nomenes insolites de  l 'esp?..ce;  le dos-

sier des  mysterieux objets celestes.  Paris,  La Table  Rond,  1966.  321  p. 

Part I (Chapters  3-5)  is devoted to a  discussion of  whether the  location of  sight-
ings foHows  a  precise law;  Part II  (Chapters 7-10)  discusses variations in the 
frequency of  sighting reports and their possible correlation with known  phe-
nomena;  Part lil (Chapters  11-13)  is an attempt to establish as accurate a  clas-
sification  categories  as possible for different types of sighting reports and 
descriptions or  the  physical characteristics  of the objects sighted. 

Veit,  Karl  L.  Erforschung ausserirdischer Weltraumschiffe  -- ein wissenschaft-

liches Anliegen des  20.  Jahrhunderts.  Wiesbaden-Schierstein,  Yentl.a-Verlag, 
1963.  95  p. 

Discussion of  ideas on  the current state of  European astronomy is followed  by 
a  report on  UFO's by  Ruppelt,  by  statements of  scientists on life in the uni-
verse,  a  report on  UFO  research activities  in the USA,  reports of  UFO  land1ngs 

and a  list of astronomers\l.hote.veseen UFOs.  On  the question of  how  UFO~ and 
space research will influence the belief in God and our relationship to the  relig-
ions,  statements by scientists indicate that the two areas are mutually exclus-
ive,  but that increased space research tends to lead to increased spiritual 
awareness.  A  brief summary of the  current state of UFO research in Europe 
is followed  by  a discussion of  opposing views,  a list of persons \Illa luve actually 
seen UFOs,  a  call for increased resear"h,  and a list of UFO  publications. 

Vezina,  Allan K.  Canada  1967  -- a big year for UFO research.  Flying  sauce:rs, 

June  1968:  8-10. 

Summarizes 1967 UFO incidents in Canada.  Mentions power cut-offs and burn-
ing of an individual  L'l  association with  sightings.  Disc-shaped UFO allegedJy 
crash-landed into Shag Harbour,  Nova  Scotia;  although there were  many witnes-
ses,  neither the  UFO nor its wreckage was found. 

Webster,  Robert N.  and John c.  Ross.  A1r  Force report on UFOs.  Fate,  v.  12, 

Feb.  1959:  54-66. 

Critique of USAF's Special  Report  No.  14,  originally issued on May  5,  1955, 
summarizing its investigations of unidentified flying  objects throuih 1952. 

Zigel,  Felix.  The UFO problem  -- a  challenge to science.  Flyi.ng  saucers,  June 

1968:  25-26. 

The  joiut effort of  all  scientists in  the world should be  applied to discovering 
the  nature of  the UFO phenomenon,  the  author says.  Details given of  sightings 
in the U.S. S. R.  1965-1967. 

=======================================================
SEDUCTIONS 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  Even  more amazing.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  12,  July-Aug. 

19e6:  23-27;  Sept. -Oct.  1966:  22-25;  Nov. -Dec.  1966:  14-16.  v.  13,  Jan. -
Feb.  1967:  25-27j  v.  14,  Jan. -F\?b.  1968:  18-20. 

English version of  original  declaration made  by  Antonio  Villas  Boas that  on  the 
night  of October 15-16,  1957,  he  was abducted by helmeted,  uniformed crea-
tures from his farm  near  Francisco de  Sales,  Brazil,  onto a landed spacecraft 
of  apparently extraterrestrial origin;  there,  he  was  seduced by  a  naked,  fair-
skinned,  red-haired woman with  slanting eyes in what  may have beer. a  biologi-
cal experiment.  A translation of the  medical  report confirms the possibility 
of  the alleged experience. 

----- The  most amazing case of  all:  Part 1 -- a  Brazilian farmer's  story.  Fly-

ing  saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965:  13-17. 

On Oct.  15,  1957,  Antonio Villas  Boas,  a  Brazilian farmer,  was allegedly taken 
aboard a flying saucer and  seduced by  a white-skinned,  red-hafred woman with 
''slanted" eyes.  Based on account in the April/ July  1962  bulletin of the Sociedad 
Brasileira de  Estudos Sobre Discos  Voadores. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  The  most amazing case of all.  Part Il  - Analysis of the  Bra-
zilian farmer's story.  F1ying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr.  1965:  5-8. 

Author analyses details of Antonio  Vilas  Boas story that he was taken aboard a 
landed flying  saucer and seduced by  a whit"'.'-skinned,  red-haired,  slant-eyed 
woman.  He  speculates that the  mission o! some extraterrestrial visitors might 
be to breed a  mixed race  -- a  new  race which would have  inherited some oI our 
charactPristics,  including our ability to live in a  mixture of 80%  nitrogen and 
20°6 oxygen. 

----- Postscript to the  most amazing case of all.  Flying  saucer  review,  v.  11, 

July-Aug.  1965:  24-25. 

Author  suggests that far from being sensatio'lal,  the  account of the  sed\'.ction of 
a  Brazilian farmer aboard a  landed flying  saucer by an apparently extraterres-
trial woman  ''is nothing new  in the  lo;i~ history of  the planet earth.''  He  cites 
instances of  apparently similar incidents. 

Fontes,  Olavo  T.  Even more amazing ... Part V.  Flyi.ng  saucer review,  v.  13, 

May-June  1967:  22-25. 

Comments by  the author on  deposition by  Antonio Villas  Boas who  claimed he 
was taken aboard a flying  saucer and seduced by  a  red-haired woman. 

Hudson,  J::m.  Those  sexy saucer people.  Canterbury,  N.  H.,  Grt:enlead Classics, 

1967.  176 p. 

A cross-section of contactee stories,  largely concerned with  messages and 
messengers allegedly of  extraterrestrial origin.  Emphasis is on the  influence 
such experiences had on the lives of  the contactee  claimants,  the divorces that 
resulted,  and the  bizarre sexual experiences of  some contactees with UFO 
occupants. 

Sheldon,  Jean.  I was  seduced by  a flying  saucer.  The  National  tattler,  v.  6,  Apr. 

2,  1967:  1,  8-9. 

Report  of  a  Michigan girl who  was allegedly forced to have'sexual  relations 
with ·a  crew member of  a  UFO. 

==========================================================
SIGHTINGS 

1800s 

Bowen,  Charles.  Cross country cog whee is.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  12,  Sept. -

Oct.  1966:  16-17 

Details of  maneuvers of  cogwheel-like  mechanisms--possibly sonde devices 
from another world designe~ to record relief of  earth's surface--sighted on 
Mar.  26,  1966,  near Attigneville,  France; on May 31,  1955,  at Puy-Sajnt-
Galmier,  France; and on  Feb.  8,  1855,  in DevonsJ-Jre,  England. 

Caputo,  Livio.  Anche  gli astronauti hanno visto i  dischi volanti.  Epoca,  v.  LXIV, 

Aug.  28,  1966:  16-<!3. 

Report  on UFO sightings,  chiefly in the  U.S. 1  from  1897  to 191Hi  and on investt-
gation of phenomenon by  Project Blue  Book.  Research programs of  NICAP  and 
APRO are mentioned. 

Ciark,  Jerome.  A contact claim.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  1965: 

30-32. 

Noting 'the way in which the  "beings" associated with the  1897  "airship" sightings 
seemed ~nteres.tcd in reinforcing the belief that the craft was  of  mundane  origin, 
the  author concludes  that the  extraterrestrials either were engaged in some un-
known activity in which they did not want their real iden•ity  made known,  or that 
they chose to  hide  their existence realizing that the  comparative unsophistica-
tion of  nineteenth century Americans would not permit them  to accept the  inter -
planetary answer. 

----- More on  1897.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  22-23. 

Story in the  April  2::S,  1897,  Harrisburg (Ark.}  Modern News  is quoted,  relating 
the visit of  an "airship'' and conversation of the  ''aeronaut"  with ~.n ex-Senator. 

----- The  strange case of  the  1897  airship.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  July-

Aug.  1966:  10-17. 

Account  of  large numbers of  piloted aircraft,  carrying brilliant searchlights 
and hun1an-like passengers,  capable of  flying  against the wind,  landing and 
taking off when approached,  which first appeared in northern California in 
November  1896  and reappeared all  over the wester;; and midwestern United 
States in March 1897. 

Farish,  Lucius.  An  1880  UFO.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  May-June  1965:  34-

35. 

A balloon describP.d as raving the  shape of  a fish  and  ''apparently guided by  :i 
large fanlike  apparatus" was  seen,  with occupants,  over Gallisto Junction, 
N.  M.,  on  March 26,  1880.  Account appf'ared in the Daily New  Mexican,  San-
ta  Fe,  1880,  and in  June  1964 _True  West  magazine. 

Unidentified  ''airships" of the Gay Nineties.  Fate,  v.  19,  Nov.  1966:  94-104. 

Newspaper items ~re cited as evidence  of  aerial activity over a  large portion 
of the  U.S.  d'lring  1896-1897.  Passengers of  aircraft also reportedly observed. 

Got.Je,  H.  C.  Did  Jones  ch<i.i."t  Ciii  iiiiAuuwn  worid?  Fate,  v.  10,  Ap;.-.  1957:  68-7\l. 

A.nal~•sis of  the 700-page observations of  Zodiacal  Light  made  Apr.  4,  1853 to 
Feb.  3,  1855,  by  Rev.  Jones,  Chaplain of Commodore  Perry's expedition to 
Japan,  seems to  indicate that some components of tb"J  "tight'· were artificially-
propelled luminous objects with behavior identical to that of UFOs. 

Hanlon,  Donald  B.  TeJias  odyssey of  1897.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Sept. -

Oct.  1966:.  8-11. 

Wave of  UFO  sightings over  Texas during  1897  as reported in the press is 
discussed. 

Hanlon,  Donald  B.  and ,Jacques  Vallee.  Airships over Texas.  Flying saucer review, 

7.  !3,  Jan. -Feb.  1967:  20-25. 

, 

Article documents the analysis of  the  1896-1897 wave  of UFO sightL'1gs  ever the 
U.S.  by presenting thirty hitherto unpublished  reports. 

Larson,  Kenneth  L.  Charles  Fort and the  UFO.  Flying  saucers,  July 1959:  20-23, 

42. 

Speculates on  whether sightings of unidentified flying  objects between  November 
1896  and April  1897  reported by Charles  Fort implied that an aerial survey of 
the world took place. 

Lore,  Gordon and Harold H.  Deneault.  Mysteries of the skies:  UFOs in perspec-

tive.  Englewood Cliffs,  N.  J.,  Prentice-Hall,  1968.  237  p. 

Historical aspects of  the UFO phenomenon are presented.  The  1897  ''airship" 
reports are h·eated in detail. 

Miller,  Robert W.  and Rick R.  Hilberg.  The  saucer enigma.  Cleveland,  Ohio, 

UFO  Magazine Publications,  1968.  23  p. 

In "A Brief History of  the Saucers,"  UFO  sightings,  1619-1897,  are listed;  a 
general st.mmary of  the UFO  controversy follows. 

Ribera,  Antol)io.  El  gran enigm:t de  los platillos volantes,  desde la prehistoria 

hasta la epoca actual.  Santiago de  Chile,  Buenos  Aires,  Mexico,  Barcelona, 
Editorial  Pomaire,  1966.  431  p. 

Author summarizes  worldwide  reports of  unexplained aerial phenomena  (1800s-
1960s) with  emphasi:;  on  U.S.  accounts and on  the  1954 wave  of  UFO sightings 
in  France.  Current theories on the  possibility of  life  in other worlds  are dis-
cussed.  Hypothese11  attempting to explain the UFO phenomenon are surveyed. 

Watson,  W.  H.  19th  century paraglider?  Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec. 

1957:  21. 

DescriptioM of the  "airships" reportedly seen over tl·e  ~. S.  between  1880 aml 
!897 and des<'riptions or similar aeronautical devices currently being tested 
in U.S.  and U. K.  suggested idea to author that UFOnauts are genera!ly a  f~w 
decades ahead of us with their d~vlces. 

=============================================
1900s 

Chaloupek,  Henri.  Uuc observation en Moravie en 1913.  Phenom<'nes  spat!aux, 

Mar.  ~ q67:  28. 

Report or alleged UFO sightini; near Brno,  Czeckoslovakia,  in late summer 
1913. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  Saucers and South  Africa.  Flying  sau~er review,  v.  8,  July-

Aug.  1962.  18-21. 

Account  of UFO sightings during  1914 over South  Africa.  Resume from  first 
~hapter of  Edgar Sievers'  Flying Saucer tber Sudafrika  (Pretoria,  Sagittarius 
Verlag,  195::>). 

Edwards,  Frank.  UFOs,  natural  satellites,  or meteors?  Fate,  v.  16,  Dec.  1963: 

49-54. 

Flaring lights seen in the  skies of Saskatchewan lln  February 9,  1913,  were 
sa•d by  scientists to be  meteors although they traveled parallel  to earth  in 
formation. 

Gearhart,  Livingston.  Bumbed by  meteors.  Fate,  v.  18,  i\-lar.  1965:  80-82. 

On  November  5,  1906,  SS  St.  Andrew was  caught  in  an apparent  meteor  shown; 
fall  included a  saucer-shaped  meteor  10-15 ff'et  in diameter. 

The  Ne\\'  Zealar.d  "flap" of  1909.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  10,  Nov. -Dec.  1964: 

32-33. 

Discussion of newspaper reports  of  ciJar-·;haped flying  objects and their oc -
cupants  observed over New  Zealand in 1909. 

Observations  etrang~rcs.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Feb.  1965.  32-33. 

Report of UFO  sightings  in  Transvaal  (1906)  and in U.S. A.  (1964-1965). 

============================================
1940s 

Arnold,  Kenneth  A.  ! di<.:  see the flying disks.  Fate,  Spring  1948:  4-10. 

Details ct Arnold's June  24,  1947,  sighting of  nine disc-shapea objects flying in 
formation near Mt.  Rainier. 

----- The  flying  saucer as I saw it.  Boise, Idaho,  The  Author,  1950.  16 p. 

Author's account of  UFO sighting June 24,  1947,  near Mt. riainier,  Washington. 

----- Mystery of the flying disks.  Fate,  Spring  1948:  19-48. 

Apparent  censorship by newspapers of  reports of  UFO sightings aftE>r  July 10, 
1947,  is discussed.  UFO sightings by  reliable witnesses are cited to support 
author's  belief in the  reality of flying  saucers. 

Arnold,  Kenneth  A.  and Ray  Palmer.  The coming  cf the saucers.  Boise,  Idaho, 

The  Authors,  J.952.  192  p. 

Detailed account of Arnold's sighting on  ~lune 24,  1947,  of chain of  nine  saucer-
like objects flying  in formation near Mt.  Rainier and of June  21,  1947,  reported 
sighting of  six disc-shaped UFOs  off  Maury  Island,  Wash.,  by Harold A.  Dahl. 
Photographs. 

Berry,  Bruce D.  Flying  saucer over the Golden  Gate.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958: 

52-54. 

A tear-shaped UFO  is allegedly seen on  Sept.  11,  1943,  near San  Francisco's 
Golden  Gate park. 

Bloecher,  Ted.  Report  on  the  UFO wave  of  194'/. 

lntrod.  by Dr.  James  E. 

McDonald.  Washington,  D.  C.,  The  Author,  1967.  1 v.  (various µagings) 

Prima;:ily a  reference work,  this  report provides a  chronological listing of 
more  than 850  UFO sightings  made  during  June-July,  1947.  Sightings were 
made  in  48  states,  the  District of  Columbia,  and Canada.  Newspapers provid-
ed basic  source of  information.  Cases  selecteti as  representing special aspects 
of  the  UFO phenomenon are  reported in dPtail. 

Busson,  B12rnard  and  Gerard  Leroy.  Visitors from  the  skies.  In  The  last secret;; 

of  the  earth.  Ne··:.'  York,  G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1956.  p.  13.:.34, 

Sun-0.11ary  01·  "modern" reports of  UFO sightings from  1947,  with  emphasis  on 
the  1954  "wave·  of flying  saucers over  France. 

Calvillo Madrigal,  Salvador.  Plativolor:da,  ensayo nesciente.  Mexico,  1954.  21  p. 

Listing of worldwide sightings of UFOs from  1947  with  emphasis on  thost>  viewl?d 
throughout  Mexico  in  1952. 

Chaloupek,  Henri.  Observations en  Tchecoslovaquie et en  Bulgarie.  Phenomenes 

spatiaux,  Mar.  1968:  20-24. 

Following UFO sightings are noted:  (l}  Ju.? 1,  1966,  at Snopousov,  Czecho-
slovakia;  (2)  summer 1944 at  Blovice,  Czechoslovakia; and (3)  Nov.  21,  1967, 
at Sofia,  Bulgaria. 

Dagenis,  Arleigh  J.  Do  you  believe in flying saucers?  Michigan technic,  Jan.  1960: 

16-17,  50-51. 

Author summarizes details of  June  1947  sighting by  Kenneth  Arnold of  flyin~ 
disc-shaped objeds; the  January 1948 crash of Capt.  Mantell  while  chasing a 
UFO;  and the  June  1952 appearance of  mysterious  l)bjects  over the White  House 
and Capitol.  He  reviews the various explanatory theories. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Are our satellites hunting the  saucers?  Fate,  v.  16,  May  1963: 

29-35. 

Within the  24-month period following  1947-1948 appearance of  UFOs  in  the  re-
gion  of the South  Pole,  Argentina,  Chile,  Australia,  France,  Great  Britain, 
the United States,  Sweden,  and the Soviet Union  sent expeditions to the Antarctic. 
Tangible  developments were  (1)  motion and still pictures of  disc-shaped objects 
that circled ships under  Chilean commander Orrego;  and  (2)  realization that  ob-
jects presumably entered earth's atmosphere at polar regions  for a  reason.  On 
March 2,  1958,  telemetry from  Explorer satellites confirmed existence of  zone 
of  intense  radiation  - Van  Allien belt  - encircling earth about  600  miles out  from 
equator.  There is no  such belt above  either of  the  polar  regions. 

----- To  see  or not  to  see. 

In  his  My  first  10,000,000  sponsors.  New  York,  Bal-
lantine  Books,  1956.  p.  110-125. 

Reports are given of  UFO  sightings  1947-1954 by  apparently  reliable witnesses, 
especially airlines pilots,  and subsequent apparent  "muzzling'' of  witnesses and 
suppression of news  stories ostensibly by a  Government  agency. 

Everett,  Eldon K.  Saucers over  Puget  ~ound.  Flying  saucers,  July-Aug.  1958: 

52-60. 

Author  relates experiences in flying  saucer  investigations from  1948  to 1954, 
including the Maury  Island  (Wash.) incident. 

Flying saucera definitely proved.  Fate,  v.  1,  Winter  1949:  47-51. 

Story of  a half-hour  encounter Oct.  1,  1948,  over  Fargo,  N.  Dak.,  between an 
Air National  Gu,ud plane  and flying  disc.  Four  witnesses confirm  story. 

Gregg,  Doris D. 

I am being watched by  a  UFO.  Fate,  v.  14,  Nov.  1961:  27-33. 

After sighting  several UFOs in  1948 near  Longview,  Texas,  author alleges she 
has been under continual surveillance by  the objects up  to the present. 

Heard.  Gerald.  T:1e  riddle of the  flying  saucers.  Is another world watching? 

London,  Carroll  &  Nicholson,  1950.  157 p. 

Lists in chronologic<..l  order the UFO  phenomena  reported throughout  the world 
between Midsummer  1947  and  early Autumn 1950.  Revised edition with  new 
material published in  New  York in  1953 by  Bantam  Books. 

Janssen,  John  H.  My  encounter with  the  flying  discs.  Fate,  v.  2,  Sept.  194!):  12-

16. 

An  aircraft  at 6,000  ft.  altitude  reportedly encounters a  flying  saucer on  July 
23,  1947,  over Morristown,  N.  J.; the engi::ie  stops but  the aircraft  remains 
in  normal  level-flight attitude although  motionless. 

Jones,  S.  H.  The Swedish  ghost  rockets.  Flying saucer news,  Summer  1955:  10-

12. 

Analysis,  ir.  the  light  of  recent  knowledge  and events,  of  the  many  UFOs  seen 
over Scandinavia in  the  summer of  1946. 

Lang,  Daniel.  Something in the  sky.  In  From  Hiroshima to the  moon.  New  York, 

Simon and Schuster,  1959.  p.  320-:-346. 

Overview of UFO  sighting  reports  1947-1954;  summary of  explanatory hypothe-
ses; and discussion of  the  "official" USAF  position. 

~ichel,  Aime".  The  truth about  flying  saucers.  New  York,  Criterion Bo0ks,  1956. 

255  p. 

Author presents and  comments  on  UFO  sightings  reported throughout  the world 
fro .. 1  1947.  Source::;  include:  Project Saucer  records;  communiques or records 
of  the air forces  in U.S. A.,  U. K.,  Canada,  South  Africa,  France,  and Sweden; 
USAF's  Air  Techniral  IntE>lligence  Center;  National  Meteorological  Office 
(France and the  French Union):  French and foreign  technieal pE>riodirals;  pPr-
sonal  inquiries;  and informatio11  in the files  of  NICAP.  Summarizes current 
theories and explanations of  UFO phenomena.  Translation of  Lueurs  sur les 
soucoupes  volantes. 

National  Investigations Committee o,,  Aerial  Phenomena.  [ NICAP  Headquarters 

UFO  Newspaper Clipping  File,  1947-1966].  Washington,  D.  C ..  1967.  37  v. 
(looseleaf)  35  m rn. 

Material  constituted the  newspaper  dippings file  of  Civilian Saueer Intelligence 
(CSI),  New  YorY.  now  defunct.  Microfilm  made by  the  Science and  Technob1.,ry 
Division,  Library ·of  Congress.  1967. 

Olsen,  Thomas  M.  The  reference for  outstanding UFO  sighting  reports.  Rider-

wood,  Md.  UFO  Information  Retrieval Center,  Inc.,  1967.  1 v. 
ings)  (UFORIC  - 6661) 

(various pag-

Collection of  160  outstanding UFO  reports as originally published.  A nunwri-
cal  value  of  reliability is formulated for  each case,  the  reports arE.- presented 
in chronological order and cross-indexed by date,  geographical  location and 
source. 

Palmer,  Ray.  Kew  report on the flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  4,  Jan.  1951:  63-81. 

Excerpts from article entitled "T!ie  Flying Saucers--Fact or  Fiction"'  printed 
in  July  1950  Flying.  Reports  alleged UFO  sightings on  March  31,  1950,  by 
Chicago and Southern Air  Lines pilots Capt.  .Jack  Adams  and G.  W.  Anderson, 
Jr.,  near  Little  Rock,  Ark.;  in  July  1948 by  Eastern Air  Lines pilots  Capt. 
Clarence S.  Chiles and John B.  Whitted southwest of  Montgomery,  Ala.;  on 
April  27 1  1950,  by  Trans- .Vorld Ah  Lines pilots Capt.  Robert  Adickes and 
Robe1·t  Manning  near South  Beud,  Ind.;  and on .May  29,  1950,  by  American 
Airlines pi.lot  Capt.  William  T.  Sperry near Washington,  D.  C. 

Perego,  Alberto.  L'aviazione di altri pianeti opera tra noi.  Rome,  Edizioni del 

Centro Italiano,  1963.  563 p. 

Report on worldwide UFO  sightings  between  1943-1963 with  emphasis  on  those 
over Italy. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  Objetos desconocidos  en  el  cielo.  Barcelona,  Libraria  Editorial 

Argos,  1961.  289  p. 

Reports  major UFO sightings  throughout  the world from  1947,  reviews  some 
of  the  literature on  the  subject,  and summari7es theories  currently proposed 
to explain the UFO phenomenon. 

Signs,  portents,  and flying  saucers.  NPwsweek,  v.  30,  July  14,  1947:  19-20. 

Reports  "flap" of  UFO sightings coast-to-coast over U.S.  during weekend of 
July  4,  1947. 

Speaking  of  pictures:  a  rash of  flying discs  breaks out  over the U.S.  Life,  July  21, 

1947:  14-16. 

Reports UFO  sightings in  43  states and the  District  of  Columbia  between  June 
25  and  July  10,  1947.  Explanatory theories  summarized. 

U.S.  Air  Force.  Air Materiel Command.  Unidentified aerial  objects;  Project 
3ign.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Nright-Patterson  Air  Force  Base,  1949.  35  p.  (Its 
Technical  Report  No.  F-TR-2274-IA) 

--

Descriptive and analytical  study of  243  don estic and  30 foreign  reported UFO 
sightings  between  1947  and 1948.  Indh'idual  cases are described in  brief form 
as an appt>ndix.  Methods  and  reasoning applied in evaluating data are presented. 
Project Sign was initiated by  the  Technical  Intelligence Division,  Air Materiel 
Con1mand,  on  January 22,  1948. 

U.S.  _.\.ir  Force.  Air Materiel  Command.  Unidentified flying  objects;  Project 
Grudge.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson Air  Force Base,  1949.  366 p. 
(Its  Technical  Report  No.  102-Ac  49;15100) 

Report discusses in full  the history of  Project Grudge,  the problems encounter-
ed,  and the  procedures followed  in the investigation and evaluation of  reports 
of  unidentified flying  objects through January  1949. 

U.S.  Air  Force.  Air  Technical  Int~lligence Center.  Special  report no.  14. 

(Anal-

ysis of  reports of  unider~tifiecl aerial objects}.  Dayton,  Ohio,  Wright-Patterson 
Air  Force  Base,  1955.  308  p. 

(Project  no.  10073) 

Results of  1953  study  of  UFOs  by  committee chaired by  H.  P.  Robertson,  theo-
retical physicist at California Institute  of  Technology.  Examination of distri-
butions of  important characteristics of  sightings and study of  siglitings  evaluat-
ed as  "unkn~wn'' led to conclusion that a  combination of  factors,  principally the 
reported maneuvers  of the  objects and unavailability of  supplemental data such 
as aircraft flight plans or balloon-launchir.g  records,  resulted in failure  to 
identify as "knowns"  most  of thereportsof objects classified as "unknowns.•· 

Vallee,  Jacques.  Ghost  rockets:  a  moment  of  history.  Flying  saucer review, 

v.  10,  July-Aug.  1964:  30-32. 

Article cites reports  in  French press of strange lights,  apparently Jnder intel-· 
ligent  control,  seen in northern Europe  during  1946. 

What  the  Air  Force beiieves about  flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  2,  Nov.  1949:  69-83. 

Digest of official  report of  studies made  by  Project Saucer of the  Air Materiel 
Command,  Wright-Patterson Air  Force  Base,  Ohio. 
Kenneth  Arnold  (.June  24,  1947),  Capt.  Thoman  F.  Mantell  (.Tan.  7,  1948), 
Eastern Air  Lines pilots  Capt.  C.  S.  Chiles  and John  B .  .Vhitted(July  1948~ 
and  North  Dakota  National  Guard  Lt.  George  F.  Gorman  (Oct.  1,  1948)  are 
discussed. 

Incidents  involving 

Wilkins,  Harold  T.  Flying saucers uncensored.  New  10rk,  Citadel  Press,  1955. 

255 p. 

Author  catalogues UFO  sightings and  incidents over U. K.,  Western Europe, 
U.S.,  and  Australia from  1947  through  1955  and  speculates that  extraterres-
trial visitants :ire possibly established in bases on  moon  and other planets;  a 
cosmic general  staff may  receive  reports on  terrestrial affairs as well  as bio-
logical  and  ecological  samples  from  earth  for  purposes  of  study  and 
expt>rimentation. 

Zinsstag,  Lou  and  T.  Allemann.  UFO-sichtungen iiber der Schweiz,  1949-1958. 

Basel,  Zurich,  UFO-Verlag,  1958.  48  p. 

Compilation of  reports of unidentified flying  objects seen over Switzerland  1949-
1958. 

====================================================
1950s 

An  airline captain speaks out.  The  UFO  investigator,  v.  2,  Oct. -Nov.  1962:  5-6. 

Main details arr!  given  of  July 14,  1952,  UFO  sighEng by  Pan American 
Airways  pilot Capt.  William  B.  Nash.  Statement by  Nash  is  published in 
reply to  Dr.  Donald Menzel's rejection of  his  report. 

Anderson,  Carl.  Two nights to remember.  Los Angeles,  New Age  Publishing Co., 

1956.  55  p. 

Flying saucers are allegedly viewed at close range by  author and his family 
on  Apr.  4,  1954,  on  the Mojave Desert,  California,  and  in  August 1955 at 
Yosemite National  Park. 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying 3a•.1cers,  Dec.  1958:  43-56. 

Summary of  UFO  sightings and activities of  UFO  researchers during summer 
1958. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Feb.  1959:  2•1-34. 

Report on  high  incidence of  UFO  sightings  in  1958. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  July 1959:  24-37. 

Feb.  24,  1959,  UFO  sighting by  American Airlines  pilot Capt.  Peter Killian 
is discussed i11  detail. 

----- Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Fe!J.  1960:  15-24. 

Describes interview with family of Weston,  West Va.,  in  which  they described 
hearing an  intense whining noise on  July  9,  1959,  that ;::aused  temporary 
paralysis.  Source  of  the sound  see:ned to  be  a  brightly  glowing  object back 
of  their house. 

----- The  monster and  the  saucer.  Fate,  v.  6,  Jan.  1953:  12-17. 

Account of  auth0r's  investigation of  sighting on  Sept0ml•er 12,  1952,  near 
Flatwoods,  W.  Va.,  of  a  "ten-foot,  red-faced monster,  which  sprayed a  foul, 
sickening gas. "  There were  seven witnesses whose  stories agreed. 

Benard,  Paul C.  Who  believes in  flying  saucers?  Bluebook,  v.  101,  July 1955: 

20,  110·-113. 

Results of  author's  inquiry into 123  UFO  sightings  reported dur.i11g  1952-1955 
near Blythe and  Desert Center,  Calif. 

Bender,  Albert K.  Flying saucers and the three men.  Annotated and  with  introd. 
and  epilogue by Gray Barker.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian  Books,  1962. 
194  p. 

Discussion of  activities of and  reports of  UFO  :::ightb1gs  made  to International 
Flying Saucer  Bureau,  organized by  Bender in  April 1952  in  Bridgeport,  Corin,  , 
and  of  Bender's alleged contact with  extraterrestrial beings  which  he  c!din:s 
resulted in  ~is dissolvin::; H'SB in J.'lovembtff  1 G53. 

Bessor,  John  P.  Som·:  str2nge meteors.  Fate,  v.  7,  July 1954:  78-79. 

Among  str::i.;1ge  aerial objects described is a  six-foot-diameter purple globe  that 
land~d in  a  Philadelphia,  Pa. ,  field  in  October 1950.  When  touched by  a 
iJ(lliceman,  it dematerialized. 

Bowen,  Charles .. Cross country cog wheels.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12, 

Sept-Oct.  1966:  16-17. 

Details of  maneuvers of cogwheel-like  mechanisms--possibly sonde devices 
from  another world designed to  record relief of  earth's surface--sighted on 
Mar.  26,  1966,  near Attigneville,  France;  on  May  31,  1955,  at Puy-Saint-
Galmier,  France; and  on  Feb.  8,  1855,  in  Devonshire,  England. 

----- A South American  trio.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb.  196f·  19-21. 

Three  UFO  sighting cases from  South  America:  (l)  In  April,  1957,  a  resident 
of Cordoba,  Argentina, allegedly encountered a  landerl flying  saucer and was 
invited by  one  of  the crew members to enter for an  inspection tour;  (2)  On 
Jan.  10,  1958;  an  unidentified floating object was viewed off  the coast of 
Smi  Paulo,  Brazil,  by  several witnesses before sinkir1g out of  sight;  (3) 
During a fire near Slro  Bernado do  Campo,  Brazil,  in  1963,  a flying  saucer 
landed amid  the flames,  and several tall,  good-looking "people" emerged 
from  it and  picked up  pieces of  burnt material,  stones,  and other debris. 

A Brazilian contact claim.  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Sept. -Oct.  Hl61:  18-20. 

Translation of  report of  contact with  extraterrestrial beings and ride in  fly 1ng 
saucer by  Prof.  J oao de  Freitas Guimaraes on  Aug.  27,  1957,  near S:to 
Sebastiao,  Brazil.  Originally appeared in  Discos Voadores,  Bulletin  No.  4, 
July I,  1959,  issued by  Dr.  W.  Buhler in  Rio  de  Janeiro,  Brazil. 

Brief saucer review.  Fate,  v.  11,  Mar.  1958:  14-17. 

Resume of  UFO  sightings during November 1957  reported from  around the 
world. 

Busson,  Bern3.rd and  Gerard Leroy.  Visitors from the  skies.  In  The  last secrets 

of  the earth.  New  York,  G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1956.  p,  13-34. 

Summary of  "modern" reports of  UFO  sightings from 1947,  with emphasis on 
the 1954  "wave" of flying saucers over France. 

Caldbeck,  David.  Flying saucers over South Africa.  Australian  saucer rec0rd, 

v.  3,  First quarter 1957:  3-8. 

Summary of  newspaper accounts of  UFO  sightings  in  South Africa,  1951-1956. 

Calvillo Madrigal,  Salvador.  Plativologia,  ensayo nesciente.  Mexico,  1954.  21  p. 

Listing of  worldwide  sightings of  UFOs from 154 7 with emphasis on  those 
viewed throughout Mexico in  1952. 

Carnell,  John.  BOAC's flying  jellyfish.  Fate,  v.  7,  Nov.  1954:  16-23. 

Report of  seven  black objects that followed  a  BOAC  stratocruiser for  80 miles 
over the coast of  Labrador on  July 1,  1954,  and then  vanished when  a  jet 
fighter approached.  It was  said that there was  a  big centr<' 1  object which 
appeared to  continuously  change shape and  six smaller objec~s that  "dodged" 
around the  "parent. " 

Carrouges,  Michel.  Les apparitions de  martiens.  Paris,  Fayard,  1963.  275  p. 

Study  of  UFO  sightings reported during September-October 1954  as a 
sociological  1)henomenon. 

Comell.i.,  Tom.  UFO's:  problems  in  perception.  Fate,  v.  12,  Jan.  1959:  92-96. 

Details are given  of  UFO  sighting in  Cleveland,  Ohio,  October 21,  1955.  There 
were several witnesses. 

Constance,  Arthur.  What blazed over  Britain'?  Flying saucer news,  Autumn  1955: 

8-15. 

Summary of  numerous  news paper reports of  UFO  seen  by  hundreds  of  people 
in  cities and towns  throughout Great Britain  on  March  24,  1955. 

Couten,  Francois.  Curieut et ~ecret contact  interplanetaire survenue en Argentine 

le  2  janvier 1953.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Nov.  1964:  5 .. 7, 

Report of  UFO  landing in  Argentina on  .Jan.  2,  1953. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  A cigar-shaped  UFO  over  Anta~ctica.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  .10-22. 

A group of  Chilean  scientists observed two  UFOs  for  two  days  off  Robertson 
Island,  Antarctica,  during January 1956.  Scientists were  participating in 
2nd  International Geophysical Year 1956-58  exp2dition.  Report  supplied by 
UFO  Chile  of  Santiago. 

Creighton,  Gordon.  The extraordinary happenings at Casa Blanc;:i..  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  16-18. 

On  Aug.  22,  1955,  a group of  children  pl.aying in the garden of  a  home in 
Casa Blanca,  California,  allegedly first sighted silvery,  spinning discs and 
later 3-ft. -tall transparent beings who emerged from  lanJed craft.  Author 
considers accounts of  incident by Coral Lorenzen in  Flying  Saucer Review's The 
Humanoids and by Winona Cromwell in  a  1955  issue of  the  Journal of the  - -
Borderland Sciences Research Association. 

----- UFOs  in  the South Atlantic.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  13. 

During the summer of  1952,  "disc-shaped machims" were seen hovering a 
meter or so above the south Atlantic off  the coast of  Itenhaem,  Brazil.  From 
Os Discos Voadores-Fantasia e  Realidad by Auriphebo Simoes  (~o Paulo, 
Livr~ia .Eaart,. 1957.  p.  375-376). 

Cruttwell,  Norman  E.  G.  Flying saucers over  Papua in  1959;  points out general 

characteristics of  series;  and discusses  their possible nature,  origin, 
and pu1·post:!,  UFO  activity at Boianai,  Papua,  June 26-27,  1959,  where 
humanoids were observed in  hovering spacecraft by Anglican Mission director 
Father William B.  Gill is given  particular attention. 

----- What happened in  Papua in  1959?  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  Nov. -Dec. 

1960:  3-7. 

Details and an:ilysis of sighting on  June  26-27,  1959,  at Boianai Mission~  Papua, 
of  UFO  apparently  manned by  humanoids. 

Dagenis,  Arleigh J.  Do you  believe in  flying  saucers?  Michigan  technic,  Jan.  1960: 

16-17'  50-51. 

Author summarizes details of June 1947  sighting by  Kenneth  Arnold of  flying 
disc-shaped objects; the  January 1948  crash of  Capt.  Mantell while chasing 
a  UFO;  and the  June  19 52  appearances of mysterious objects over the  White 
House and Capitol.  He  reviews  the various explanatory theories. 

Dixon,  William A.  Saucers or illusions?  Air facts,  v.  14,  Sept.  1,  1951:  37-43. 

Report by  TWA  pilot Capt.  Art Shutts of  UFO  sighting on  Dec.  27,  1950 
(Flight 361)  near Bradford,  Illinois.  Crew me1.1bers Capt.  Robert Kaddock 
and hostess Mary  Lind  also saw object. 

Dowling,  J.  Flying saucer over Durban.  Outspan,  v.  1449,  Dec.  3,  1954:  14-17. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Flying saucer:>  over Brazil.  Fate,  v.  13,  Sept.  1960:  42-49. 

Reports  UFO  sightings in  Brazil 1953-1958. 

Edwar'1s,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report: flying  saucers stoppl?d the ball game! 

Fate,  v.  10,  Nov.  1957:  35-41. 

About  75  players and parents attending a  Little League baseball game in 
Paris,  Ill.,  July 18,  1957,  watched two  shiny,  disc-shaped objects pursue 
a  jet pla11e  across the sky. 

----- To  see or not  to see flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  10,  May 1&57:  17-32. 

Instances of  near-collisions between aircraft and  UFOs  (1954-1955)  are noted. 
Other sjghtings by  credible observers are reported.  Author su.ggcsts that 
rather than  insist that the  objects do not exist,  the Air  Force should keep the 
public  info!'med of findings  in  investigations  underway.  Excerpted from 
author's book,  My  First 10,000,000 Sponsors  (N. Y.,  Ballantine,.  1956). 

----- UFO  iJuzzes train.  Fate,  v.  12,  Feb.  1959:  25-30. 

On  October 3,  1958,  crew of freight train No.  91  were allegedly  paced by 
four  UFOs for 1hour10 minutes on  run  between  Monon,  Indiana,  and Indianapolis. 

Flying saucer review.  World roundup of  UFO  sightings and events. 

Introd.  by 

Brinsley le Poer Trench.  New York,  Citadel  Press,  1958.  224  p. 

Chronological listing of  UFO  sightings between late 1955 and December 1957 as 
reported to  Flying Sauce1·  Review. 

Flying saucer roundup:  saucer report no.  1.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958:  29-37. 

Summary of  UFO  sighting reports March-October 1957. 

Fontes,  Olavo  T.  The  Brazilian navy  sighting at thl~ island of  Trinidade.  Flying 

saucers,  Feb.  1961:  27-54. 

Details of  UFO  sighting Jan.  16,  1958,  by  Bra?:ilian  ship  Almiranb~ Saldanha 
which  was  on  IGY  mission near Trinidade Island.  Photographs ta.ken  were 
certified as genuine by  the Brazilian government.  Reprinted fror,1  A. P.R. O. 
Bulletin. 

r~ort-Lamy,  27  mars 1955.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  19fi7:  25-27. 

Report of  UFO  sighting allegedly witnessed by  70  people  at Fort-Lamy airport, 
France,  on  March  27,  1955. 

Fuller,  Curti~.  Fate's report on  flying  saucers.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  16-22. 

Significant developments during 1953  in  the investigation of  unidentified aerial 
objects a.re  reported. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Let's get straight about the saucet"s.  Fate,  v.  5,  ::>ec.  1952:  20-31. 

Details cf  UFO  sightings over Washington,  D.  C.,  during July 1952 are 
reported and some theories that have  ':leen  advanced to explain the  UFO 
phenomenon discussed. 

----- Report from New  Zealand.  Fate,  v.  10,  June 1957:  15-16. 

UFO  sightings near Auckland,  N.  Z.,  on  Sept.  4,  1956. 

----- Saucers trail airlilier.  Fate,  v.  12,  Aug.  1959:  25-31. 

On  February 25,  1959,  39  persons on  an American Airlines OC-6 airliner 
piloted by Capt.  Pett;!r  Killian  oi.lserv'->d three UFOs for 45  tdnutes while 
the  plane was  enro:.ite  between  Bradford and  Erie,  Pennsylvania. 

Garreau,  Chari~.  Alerte dans le t'~.Pl !  Documents officiels sur les objets volants 

non  identifies.  Paris,  tditions a .. Grand Da.micr,  1956.  257  p, 
"Cosmos") 

(Collection 

Lists sightings ui  UFOs  in  Europe and the  U.S.A.  from  June 1947  to Autumn 
1954  and builds case to support theory they are of  extraterrestrial origin. 

Gibbons,  Gavin.  The coming of  Ute  space ships.  London,  Neville Spearman>  Ltd. , 

1956.  183  p. 

Account  of  UFO  sightings by author over North Wales from  Dec.  1953  to March 
1955  and of sightings  reported to British Flying Saucer Bureau between May 
Hl52  3.nd Jan.  1956. 

Gonzales  Ganteaume,  Horacio.  Platillos voladores sobt'e Venezuela.  Caracas, 

, 

1961.  250  p. 

Account  of  authenticated  UFO  sightings over Venezuela from  1959  based on 
published and urjpublished  official  reports.  General review of  worldwide 
manifestations  of  UFO  phenomenon. 

Hall,  Richard H.,  ed.  The  UFO  evidence.  Washingtou,  National Investigations 

Committee on  Aerial  Phenomena,  1964.  184  p. 

Documented report containing 746  UFO  sighting cases selected from  NICAP 
filE:s  and covering NICAP's  investigations from  early 1957  to  the end of 
1963.  Sigi1tings are listed and analyzed by  observer categories;  historical 
development of  phenomenon  and Congressional attitudes and activity are 
treated.  Evidence is  prei:;ented to  support hypothesis that UFOs  are under 
intelligent control and  that some of  them  might therefore be of  extra-
terrestrial origin. 

Hamilton,  .Jared.  Saucers oYer  Italy.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  14-19. 

Reports 'lf urir!entified flying objects seen over Italy Seitember-November 1954 • 

.Heard,  Gerald.  The  riddle of the flying  saucers. 

London,  Carroll & Nicholson,  1950.  157  p. 

Is another wnrl<l  \Vatching? 

Lists in  chronological order tlae  UFO  ?tenomena reported throughout the 
wo.rld between Midsummer 1947  and early Autumn 1950.  Revised edition 
with new  material published in New York in 1953 by Bantam Books with 
title ls Another World Watching?  The Riddle  of  the Flying Saucers. 

I saw a flying  saucP.r.  Flying saucers irom other worlds,  June 1957:  44~50. 

Reports of alleged UFO  sightings throughout the wcrld May-August 1956. 

I saw a  flying  saucer.  Flying saucers from  other worlds,  Aug.  1G57:  74-80. 

Personal accounts of alleged  UFO  sightings 1953-1957. 

Keyhoe,  Donald  E.  Flight 117  and the flyjng saucer.  True,  v.  27,  Aug.  1950: 

24-25,  75. 

Report of a  red disk that paced a  Trans World Air Lines DC-3 over Indiana 
on  April 27,  1950.  Pilots were Robert F.  Manning and Robart Adickes. 

----- The flying  saucer conspiracy.  New York,  Holt,  1955.  315  p. 

Covers important developments 1953-55 in  UFO  sightings and events.  Reports 
paraphrased from  official  USAF  records and cleared through  USAF  Press 
Office,  DOD. 

Knight,  Oscar F.  Wolverton trail event:  a  visitor from Venus.  Strathmore,  Calif.·, 

1963.  11  p. 

During a  camping trip in  SequQia National  Park,  Calif.,  on  July 1,  1955,  author 
observed a  "mother ship" from which  2..  number  of smaller UFOs  were dis-
charged.  He  later encountered a being whose strangeness of  manner and 
speech led to speculation that he  may  have been an occupant of the strange craft. 

Korean saucers.  Newsweek,  v.  39,  Mar.  3,  1952:  44. 

Three-foot -diameter flying  saucer reportedly moved parallel to  a  B-29  flying 
over North Korea at 200  mph  about midnight Jan.  29-30,  1952.  For five  min-
utes it was in view  of two  crewmen and then disappeared. 

Lang,  Daniel.  Something in  the sky.  In  From Hiroshima to the  moon.  New  York, 

Simon and Schuster,  1959.  p.  320-346. 

Overview of  UFO  sighting reports !347-1954;  summary of  explanatory 
hypotheses; and discussion of  the  "official" USAF  position. 

Letter from  Pcll"is.  The New  Yorker,  v.  3C,  Oct.  23,  1954:  159-160. 

Report of and commentary on  flying  saucP.rs seen over France during 
~eitembcr 1054. 

Luciano Galli's contact claim.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  Sept. -Oct.  1962:  29-30. 

Account of July 7,  1957  (or 1959)  encounter near Bologna,  Italy,  witb a landed 
flying saucer from Venus  and  its crew and ride aboard spacecraft to  "m;;thc>.1.• 
ship."  Based on  interview by Renate Albanese in  June 1962  Domenic.,  delia.l:le~. 

Luna.,  Walter Fernandez.  La ufologia en  el Uruguay.  Montevideo,  Th.? Author,  1968. 

14  p. 

Details are given of  authenticated UFO  sighting in  Uruguay J 11ly  7,  1958. 

Maney,  Charles A.  The Campinas sighting.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8,  May-June 

1962:  3-6. 

Summary of  information relating to  UFO  sighting Dec.  13,  1954,  at Campinas, 
Brazil,  during which a  liquid substance was seen to  drop from  the ripacecraft. 

Mann,  Mary and Amey Hoag.  We  saw a flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  l~.  Apr.  1957, 

54 .. 56, 

On  Seit.  4,  1956,  near  Melbourne,  Fla. ,  a  star-like object was sighted that 
changed in size and shape. 

Michael.  Canadian flying  saucer~.  Ontario,  Canada,  The  Brotherhood of  Faithists, 

1957.  26  p. 

Record of  UFO  sightings in  Canada 1955-1956 rP.lated at the 19rt,; .1:eetiug of 
the Brotherhood of  Faithists,  Casa Loma,  Toronto,  Canada. 

Michel,  /.ime.  Bocaranga saucers.  Fate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  15-19. 

On  Nov.  22,  1952,  eight men  spent half an  hour observing fo.ir flying  saucers, 
their evolutions,  variations of  color and luminosity,  and  the whole  range of 
their antics.  Account  is taken  fro:n  records of  the local Service M6tEforologique 
of  the Oubangui Chari in  French Equatorial Africa.  Reprinted from  author's 
book,  The Truth .~bout Flying Saucers (New  York,  Criterion Books,  1956). 

----- Flying saucers in  Europe:  Italian flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  10,  Oct.  1957:  19-24. 

A UFO  is sig'1ted over Rome  by  hlany witnesses on  Sept.  17,  1!154. 
whole  series <Jf  UFO  observations was made  on  the same day. 

In  France,  a 

Michel,  Aime.  Flying saucers in  Europe:  ~auct:rs--or deh .. sions'!  Fate,  v.  11, 

, 

Jan.  1958:  ·73-79. 

Cases oi UFO  sightings in  France during 1954  art.  o:e~-rted in  which electric 
c1r{!t•1t  "paralysis" of  motor vehicles was a  '!ori.:omit..uit feature. 

----- Flying saucers in  Europe:  the crisis of  autumn,  1954.  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug. 

1957:  28-35. 

Report on  UFO sightings and landings  in  France durir1g the fall  of 1954. 

----- The truth about flying  saucers.  New York,  Criterion Book:.,,  1956.  255  p. 

Auttv.r  presents and comments on  UFO  sighting~ reported throughout the world 
from  1947.  Sources include:  Project  Saucer  records;  communiques or records 
of  the air forces in  U.S. A.  ,  U.  K,,  Canada,  South Africa,  France,  and Sweden; 
USAF's Air Technical Intelligence Center;  National Meteorological Office 
(Frar.ce and the  Frer.ch Union):  French and foreign technical  periodicals; 
personal inquiries;  ?:Jd  information in  the files  of  NICAP.  Summari?.es current 
theories and  explana~ ions  of  UFO  phenomena.  Translation of  Lueur.s  sur les 
soucoupes volantes.  Published also  in  paperback edition  by  Pyramid Pubns. 
(TI647),  Ne\V  York. 

Miller,  Max B.  Recent dramatic saucer reports.  Fate,  v.  13,  Jan.  1960:  ~9-32. 

Details are given of  UFO  sightings in  New  Zealand,  Australia,  and New  Guinea 
during June-July 1959 where occupants were observed by  responsible  persons. 

----- UFOs invade Australian  skies.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958:  48-51. 

Report of  UFO  sightings over Australia dur-ing  July 1957. 

Mollohan,  Hank.  The Holly River sighting,  as told to Gray  Barker.  Flying saucers 

from  other worlds,  May  1958:  36-41. 

Report  of  a  UFO  sighting November  8,  1957,  near Holly,  West Virginia. 

More  saucers.  Time,  v.  59,  Mar.  3,  1952:  92,  94. 

USAF  spokesman i·evealed that on  Jan.  29,  1952,  the  tail gunner and fire-
control  man  of  a  B-29 over Wonsan,  North  Kore'.l,  saw a  disc-shaped object 
that seemed tG  fly  with a revolving motion. 
It was  orange in  color with  small, 
bluish flames around  its rim.  For five  minutes  it flew  along with  the bomber 
at 200  mph;  then  it disappeared. 

Morgan,  Dean.  The  Red  B•Jd,  Illinois photo.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1959:  5-7. 

Details arP.  given of  UFO  sighted on  April  23,  1950,  near Red  Bud,  minois,  and 
of  the  photograph taken. 

National Investlgations Committee on  Aerial Pheno1:1ena. 

(NICAP Headquarters 

UFO  Newspaper Clipping File,  1947-1966j.  Wasbington,  D.  C.,  1967. 
37 v.  (looseleal).  35  mm. 

~terfal constituted the newspaper clippings tile of Civilian Saucer Intelligence 
(CSI),  Nev•  York,  now  defunct. 
i\licro!il.iu  made  oy  the Science and 'l'echnology 
Division,  Library of Congress,  1967. 

The night of Se}tember 29.  Fate,  v.  12,  Feb.  1959:  31-38. 

Details of  numerous  UFO  sightings  reporte1 throughout North America  on 
September 29,  1958. 

Nor-man,  Samuel.  Recent UFOs  over Japan.  Fate,  v.  9,  June 1956:  22-24. 

Sightings of  strange aerial objects over Ja~n during January 1956 are described. 

Observations francaises  plus anciennes.  Phenoml!nes  spatiaux,  Nov.  1954:  26-36. 

UFO  sightings 1955-1963. 

Observations francaises plus anciennes.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Feb.  1965:  29-32. 

UFO  sightin~s in  France 1951-1962. 

Observations hors  presse.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1966:  27-30. 

Three previously unpublished UFO  sighting reports:  (1)  On  Aug.  18,  1952, 
a disc-shaped object was  observed over the Indian Ocean  by the  crew of 
the  "Oregon," (2)  on  Aug.  20,  1955,  an  object "like a ball of  fir~·· was  seen 
near  Pres de  Cronat,  France;  (3)  On  Dec.  2,  1957,  a  circular object was 
seen between  Roy~re and  Bourga.11euf,  France. 

Olsen,  Thomas M.  The  reference for outstanding UFO  sighting reports.  Riderwood, 

Md.  UFO  Information  Retrieval Center,  Inc.,  1967.  1 v. 
(UFO RIC  - 6661) 

(various pagings) 

Collection  of  If') outstanding UFO  reports as originally  published.  A numerical 
value of  reliability is formulated for each case;  the  reports are presented in 
chronological order and cross-indexed by  date,  geographical "location  and source. 

Palmer,  Ray.  New  report on  the flying saucers.  Fate,  v.  4,  Jan.  1951:  63-81. 

Excerpts from  article entitled "The Flying Saucers--Fact or Fiction"  printed 
in  July 1950  Flying.  RelY.)rts  alleged UFO  sightings on  March  31,  1950, 
by  Chicago  ~nd Southern Air Lines  pilots Capt.  Jack Adams  and  G.  W. 
Anderson,  Jr.,  near Little Rock,  Ark.; in  July 1948  by  Eastern Air Lines 
pilots Capt.  Clarence S.  Chiles and John B.  Whitted southwest of  Montgomery. 
Ala.; on  April 27,  1950,  by  Trans-Woi•ld Air Lines  pilots Capt.  Robert AdickE!S 
and Robert Manning near South  Bend,  Ind. ; and un  May  29,  1950,  by American 
Airlines  pilot Capt.  William  T.  Sperry near Washington,  D.  C. 

Perego,  Alberto.  L'aviazione di altri pi?.neti opera tra noi.  Rome,  Edizioni 

del Centro Italiano studi aviazione el6~~-·o'llagnetica, 1963.  563  p. 

Report on  worldwide  UFO  sightings between Hi43-1963  with emphasis on  those 
ove1·  Italy. 

----- The Monguzzi case.  basle,  1965]  .  2 p. 

English translation by  Lou  Zinsstag of  pertinent section of  Perego' :i 8velato il 
mistero dei dischi volanti  (RomP.,  Edizioni del C. I. S. A. E. R.,  1957). 
-

Plenty going on  in  the skies.  U,  S.  news  & world report,  v.  :!6,  Jan.  l,  1954: 

27-28. 

Excerpts from  text of  USAF  report on  its investigation or  unidentified flying 
objects during 1952. 

The  Project A report.  Ada,  Ohio,  Ohio  Nothem  University,  1953.  9 p. 

Scientific analysis of  unidentified flying  objects reported in  the year 1952. 
Conducted by  the faculty  and  staff of  Ohio  Northern  University,  Ada,  Ohio. 

Reports from  everywhere.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  23-31. 

Rt.ports on  worldwide  s;.ghtings  of  UF  . .;  June-December 1953. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  El gran enigma de  los  platillos volantes,  desde  la prehistoria 

hasta la epoca. actual.  Santiago de  Chile,  Buenos Aires,  Mexico,  Barcelona, 
Editorial  Pomaire,  1966.  431  p. 

Author sur.-:marizes  worldwide  reports of  unexplained aerial phenomena 
(1800s-196Us)with emphasis of  U.  S.  accounts r.nd  .:m  the 1954 wave of  UFO 
sightings in  France.  Current theories <'n  the  possibility of  life in  other 
worlds  are discussed.  Hypotheses  attempting to explain the  UFO  phenomenon 
are surveyed. 

----- Objetos  desconocidos  en el cielo.  Barcelona,  Libraria  Editorial Argos, 

1961.  289  p. 

(Documenta) 

Repo1·ts  major UFO  sightings  throughout  the world from 1947,  !'eviews  some 
of  the literature on  the  subject,  and  summarizes theories currently proposed 
to explain the  UFO  phenomenon. 

Roberts,  August C.  The  Skywatch  'l'ower  case.  Flying saucers from  other worlds, 

Aug.  1957:  8-15. 

Details of  UFO  sighting on July  28,  1952,  from Civilian Defense  Skywatch 
Tower,  New  York City,  ~nd photographing of  object. 

Ross,  John C.  The big,  fat UFO:  saucer repurt no.  2.  Fate,  v.  n,  Feb.  1958: 

38-43. 

A huge,  glowing,  cigar-shaped object was  re1JOrtedly  seen near Levelland,  Tex., 
Elmwood  Park,  Ill., White Sands  Proving Grounds,  N.  Mex.,  and Fiji Islands 
on  No'!.  2-4,  1957.  A silvery material that had appai·ently fallen fr0m the  sk'.1 
appeared on  the  ground in  conjunction  with the sighting. 

----- Fate's report on  the flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct.  1953:  6-13. 

UFO  sightings 1952-1953  throughout the  u.  s.  arc reported. 

----- The  lights that failed.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  37-39. 

Accm~nt of silent,  blinking red lights that appeared daily near Camp Barrett, 
Va.,  during Dect!nber 19~3,  and  of  the  "scientific" explanation. 

----- UFOs  over New Guinea.  Fate,  v.  13,  Mar.  1960:  44-52. 

Article excerpttd from  15-page  repo."t  by  the Reverend  Father William  Gill 
of  the  Boiani Anglican Mission  of  the  Territory of  Pap!!.l and  New  Guinea. 
Saucer-sh;.:.ped objects were v5ew?d from  the  mission on  June 21  and  26-28, 
1959.  On  June  26,  four  apparently humanoid figures  allegedly waved to 
38  humans from  a  saucer-shaped UFO  that hovered overhead for 4 hours 
19  minutes. 

Roussel,  Robert.  La  roue ct'  Attigneville.  Phe'n0m~nes spatiaux,  June 1966:  25-31. 

On  May  31,  1955,  a luminous  disc-shaped object 3-3 1/2 feet  in  diameter, 
encircled with  spinelike  projections of  different lengths,  was  seen rolling 
across the grass in  Puy-Saint-Galmier,  France.  A similar object was 
seen on  March  26,  1966,  at Tranquevilie-Graux,  France. 

Ruppelt,  Edward J.  Report on  uni.dentified flying objects.  Fate,  v.  10,  Apr.  1957: 

27-43. 

An  Air Force  F-86 )et  pilot,  paced  by  a flying  saucer during  summer 1952, 
opened fire on  i.t,  Account excerpted from author's book,  The Report on 
Unidentified  Flying Objects  (Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday,  1956). 

Saucers and the  Iro~ Curtain:  a  report from Czechoslovakia.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  6,  July-Aug.  1960:  31-32. 

Report from  Czechoslovakian  publication Kridla Vlasti (No.  26,  Dec.  22,  1959) 
on  UFO  sighting over Czech  airfield Nov.  16,  1959,  v:  ground crew and  pilots. 

Saucers in  the  news.  Flying saucers from other worlds,  May  1958:  76-7'1. 

Reports  of  UFO  sightings December 1957  - .January 1958. 

Saucers in  the news.  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  195e:  Ri.-63. 

Newspaper reports of  flying  saucer sightings  Noveml>er  1957-J anuary 1958. 

Saucers  over Paris.  Flying saucers from  other worlds,  June 1957:  76-77. 

UFO  was  tracked by  rarlarfrom Orly Airport,  near  Paris,  France,  on 
February 19,  1956.  Speed was calculated at 2, 250  miles an hour. 

Saunders,  Alex. 

flying saucr>r  scrap book.  Search,  Apr.  1959:  22-39,  53. 

Newspaper  clippings froni  scrapbook on  UFOs  are cii~u to  provide  details 
of  little-known  sightings during 1952-1955. 

Seaman,  E.  A.  A 1953  sighting.  Science,  v.  154,  Dec.  2,  1966:  1118. 

Seeing things.  Newsweek,  v.  50,  Nov.  18,  1957:  41,  44. 

130  reports of  unidentified flying  obj~cts were  rt~ceived by  U.  S,  Air Defense 
Command  Headquarters at Colorado Springs,  November 4-11,  1957.  Some  of 
the  more interesting cases are cited. 

Serpas,  Paul F.  The saucer that got away.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  34-37. 

Flying saucer sighting on  July 18,  1954,  in  New  Orleans is described by 
the author. 

Skillie from  the sky.  Newsweek,  v.  50,  Nov.  25,  1957:  38. 

During week  of  Nov.  11,  1957,  Cherokee Indians  reported seeing a  UFO 
resembling a  fireball  that settled on  Great Smoky  Mountains  Natior1al  Park 
near Cherokee,  N.  C. 

Sklarewitz,  Norman.  Tokyo  space Phip.  Fate,  v.  11,  Mar.  1958:  46-48. 

Civilian engineer with  U.  S,  Army  in  Japan describes  UFO  sighting on 
Lake  lmba-numa on  the  Bozo  Peninsula about  50  miles from  Tokyo, 
Nov.  11,  19E7. 

Slaboda,  Emil.  He  collected on  a  flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  IO,  June 1957:  66-69. 

Night watchman  Harry J.  Sturdevant was  ~ranted medical compensation for 
disability  caased by  injuries he  said he  suffered when  a  UFO  zoomed  past 
him  while  he  was  on  duty.  Alleged incident took  place near 1'renton,  N.  J., 
on  Oct.  2,  1956. 

Sondy,  Dominic.  Space  ship over Detroit.  Fate,  v.  10,  June 1957:  86-89. 

Author describes sighting of  gigantic  cigar-shaped object over Detroit on 
May  8,  1955. 

1~1 

Towner,  Cliff R.  Silver chaff from  the sky.  Fate,  v.  10,  Mar.  1957:  94-98. 

Apparent fall from  the sky on Aug.  27,  1956,  of  metallic shreds concomitant 
with  reports of  strange lights in the sky.  Chickens consuming the  material 
died. 

Towner,  Larry  E.  The night of  August  9th.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  32-36. 

Report of  chief Ground Observer Corps observer or.  UFO  sighting the night of 
August 9-10,  1953,  over Moscow,  Idaho. 

The truth about the  "Orion Belt" sightings.  Flying saucers,  July 1959:  14-19. 

On  Feb.  24,  1959,  an American Airlines OC-6  piloted by Cavt.  Peter Killian 
sighted three UFOs.  Crew and IJi.SSengers  observed them for 45  minutes. 
Other aircraft were radioed and also reported seeing the same three objects, 
which were in  the section of  i.he  sky where the constellation Orion was  visible. 

·rwo classic sightings.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  May-June 1963:  11-12. 

Summarizes information  pertaining to  UFO  sightings near Nairobi,  Kenya,  in 
February 1951  and  off  the Straits of  Madagascar in  June 1947. 

Vallee,  Jacques and Janine Vallee.  Challenge to sci-encP-;  the  UFO  enigma. 

Chicago,  H.  Regnery Co. ,  1966.  268  p. 

Scientific study of  UFO  sightings  reported tilroughout worldfron> 1951.  Book 
emphasizes global nature of  Iitenomenon,  showing how  European sightings 
illuminate observations in  U.  S.  and other parts of  the world.  Sightings  in 
France are treated in  detail and  the methods developed for studying them 
are sugge!:'ted as applicable to the  phenomP.non  as a whole. 

Veit, Karl.  Planeten-menschen.  WieRhaden-Schierstein,  Ventla-Verlag,  1961.  223p. 

Author  surveys scientific opinion on  the  possibility of  life on  other worlds and 
summarizes  UFO  sighting reports from 1947 todatc.  Dt!tails are given  of 
"contactee" reports and  the alleged appearance and behavior of  beings  from 
outer SIJi.Ce. 

Vinther,  Lawrence W.  Another saucer mystery.  Flying,  v.  48,  June 1951:  23,  56. 

Author,  a  veteran Mid-Continent Airlines captain,  gives details of  UFO 
sighting Jan.  20,  1951,  near Sioux City,  Iowa. 

Vogt,  Christian.  Non  dramatique incident.  Ph~nom~nes spatiaux,  Feb.  1965:  5-6. 

A  tragic accident allegedly occurred on  May  24,  1954,  near Las Vegas,  Nevada, 
when  ar..  experimental jet aircraft was  destroyed  as 
down  a flying  saucer. 

it attempted to  shoot 

Volkman,  Frank.  Mystery lights over the orient.  Fate,  v.  e,  Dec.  1955:  13-16. 

Report of  a  weit·d,  lJrilliant light with a  1·evolving,  rlisc-shaped nucleus seen 
over northern .Tapan on  March 29,  1952,  over Singapore on  Ap.ril  29,  1952,  and 
over west Korea on  Oct.  19,  1952. 

Wa!ling,  Theodore  L.  Saucer sighting. 

!'~ate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  35-37. 

An  enormons glowing object allegedly floated noiseles.:ly  past the author's 
house near Berkeley,  Calif. ,  on  Sept.  20,  1955. 

Washington's blips.  Life,  v.  33,  Aug.  41  1952:  39-40. 

Report on  J 1.1ly  20  and  26,  1952,  incide~ts involving  mysterious obji:cts in  the 
sky over Washington,  D.  C.,  recorded simultaneously by ground observers, 
by  pilots in  airplanes,  and on  radar screens.  They were also chasecl by 
jet aircraft. 

Webster,  Rob~rt N.  Let's get up to date  on  the flying  s;mcer.  Fate,  v.  5,  Jan. 

1952:  4-8. 

Reports of  strange aerial phenomena viewed between August  25  and October  9, 
1951. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  Flying saucers uncensored.  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1955. 

255  p. 

Author catalogues  UFO  sightings and  incidents over U.  K.,  Western  Europe, 
U.  S.  ,  and  Australia from  1947  through 1955 and speculates that extraterrestrial 
visitants are possibly established in  bases on  moon  and  other planets; a  cosmic 
general staff m?y  receive reports on  terrestrial affairs as well as  biological 
and ecological samples from  earth for  purposes of  study and  experimentation. 
Publi!;lhed also in  British edition  (London,  A::-co,  1956),  and  in  paperback edition 
by  Pyramid  Pubns.,  Inc.  (Tl6Sl),  New York. 

Wilrnn,  Harlan.  The saucer that made tracks.  Fate,  v.  11,  Feb.  1958:  44-47. 

15-yPar-old Canadian  Jack Stevens claims he watched a  UFO  for 45  minutes 
on  July 30,  1957,  as it hovered over a cornfield near Galt,  Ontario,  Canada. 
Subsequent investigation  revealed a  35-foot-diameter circle burned into the 
field and 18-inch-long "footprints. " 

----- There are meteors after ail.  Fate,  v.  7,  May  1954:  40-43. 

Report of  aerial objects sighted during the last months  of  1953  that seem to 
be  meteors. 

Woodley,  Morris.  The gyra 

.g  UFO  of Cobalt.  Fate,  v.  8,  Aug.  1955:  34-35. 

Description of  UFO  sighted on  Dec.  27,  1954,  at Agaunica Cobalt Mine,  La\ce 
Timiskaming,  Ontario,  Canada. 

Zinsstag,  Lou  and T.  Allemann.  UFO-sichtunge11  Uber der Schweiz,  1949-1958. 

Basel,  Zurich,  UFO-Verlag,  1958.  48  p. 

Compilation of  reports of  unidentified flying objects seen over f.witzerland 
1949-1958. 

====================================================================
1960s 

An  account of the Michigan  incident through the experts and  witnesses.  Flying 

saucers,,  June 1967:  9-11. 

The  sighting of  UFO  on  March  21-22,  1966,  by  girls and assistant dean  of 
women at Hillsdale College,  Michigan,  is described in  detail.  Hillsdale 
County Civil Defense Director viewed the  UFO;  a  twelve-minute time exp.)sure 
was  made by the  deputy  sheriff. 

After Tully.  Australian flying  saucer review,  No.  9,  Nov.  1966:  18-21. 

Account  of  UFO  sighting reports in  the vicinty of  Tully,  Australia,  February-
March 1966.  Unexplained  ''footprints" that  could not  be  identified were 
discovered and  believed to be  connected with  the sightings. 

Anderson,  Dave,  The  saucer tnat terrorized a  town.  Saga,  Aug.  1966:  12-15,  71-72. 

UFO  sighting over Wanaque,  N.  J., on  Jan.  11,  1966,  is described in  detail. 
Corroborating remarks on  incident by  prominent city officials are reported. 

Ann  Arbor,  HiHsdale et autres lieux.  Phenom~nes spatiaux,  June 1966:  17-25. 

Detailed account of  UFO  sighting incidents  in  the  Ann  Arbor-Dexter,  Michigan, 
area,  March  20-21,  t966. 

Atterrissages de  "M. O. C." en  1967.  Lumihes dans  la nuit,  no.  93,  Mar. -Apr. 

1968:  H-18. 

UFO  landings  during 1967  in  Spain,  England,  Chile,  Argentin&.,  and  the  U,  s. 

Australian scene 1965.  Australian flying saucer  review,  no.  9,  Nov.  1966:  8-11. 

UFO  sightings in Australia during 1965;  locality,  date,  and witnesses are 
indicated.  Compiled by  the  UFO  Investigation Center,  Sydney,  Australia, 
with special contribution by Colin Norris,  vice-president of the Australian 
Flying Saucer Research Society,  Adelaide,  Australia. 

Babcock,  Edward J.  and Timothy G.  Beckley.  UFO  plagues N.  J.  reservoir. 

Fate,  v.  19,  Oct.  1966:  34-44. 

Account  of  mysterious aerial activity from UFOsoverWanat:1ue  Reservoir,  N. J. 
on  Jan.  11,  1966. 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying saucers from  other worlds, 

Aug.  1957:  29-40. 

General summary of  reported UFO  sightings during March 1966  and activities 
of  UFO  researchers. 

----- Gray  Barker's book  of  saucers.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.  ,  Saucerian Books, 

1965.  77  p. 

Book  catalogues  UFO  sightings  in  all parts of  the world,  1S62-1963.  Saucer 
landings,  communication  between  saucer crews and humans,  seizure of 
terrest:-ials by  saucer crews,  mating of  extraterrestrials with terrestrials, 
and  "the men  in  black" are discussed. 

Bergendahl,  P.  E.  UFO  forfOljde  bilist.  Sokaren,  v.  4,  no.  8,  1967:  8. 

On  March 21,  1967,  a disc-shaped flying  ol::ject followed a  22-yeal'-old girl 
as she bicycled between Gullbringa and  Tjuvkil,  Sweden.  Object was  observed 
for  10-15  minutes and  alternately rose and descended;  it was  seen at an 
altitude  of  150  meters and  at a  distance of  400  meters.  A powerful,  intensely 
green  light  was  emitted.  Account  accompanied by  a  report from  civil 
engineer Sven  Schalin,  who  interviewed the witness. 

Bowen,  Charles.  Britain's busiest  UFO  days.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -

Dec.  1967:  3-4. 

Survey  cf significant  UFO  sighting reports in  Great Britain October-November 
1966. 

----- Cross country  cog wheels.  Flying saucer  review,  v.  12,  Sept. -Oct.  1966: 

16-17. 

Details of  maneuvers of  cogwheel-like  mechanisms--possibly sonde devices 
from  another world designed to  record relief of  earth's surface--sighted on 
Mar.  26,  1966,  near Attignlville,  France;  on  May  31,  1955,  at  Puy-Saint-
Galmier,  France;  and  on  Feb.  8,  1855,  in  Devonshire,  England. 

Bowen,  Charles.  Michigan furore.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  May-June 1966:  4-6. 

Summary cf newsJll_per  reports of  UFO  sightings in  the vicinit)' of  Ann  Arbor, 
Mich.,  on  and after Mar.  20,  196e 

----·  The mystery of  the Morro do  Vintem:  I:'>w  did the  men with the lead masks 

die?  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr.  1967:  11-14. 

Following a violent explosion at Altafona,  Brazil,  on  June 13,  1966,  a  flaming 
object fell  into the sea; there were many witnes!'\es.  On  Aug.  17,  1966,  two 
young electronics enthusiasts who  had  witnessed the phenomenon  were found 
dead with strange maslr.s  of  lead beside them  on  the Morro do  Vintem  hill 
at Niteroi.  A prominent citizen then  reported seeing an unusual object 
flying over the Morro do  Vintem on  the evening of  August 17. 

Bowen,  Charles and Gordon Creighton.  The Storrington  re;x>rts:  landings  in 

Sussex?  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  4-6. 

Report of  alleged UFO  sightings near Storrington,  England:  (l} on  Oct.  29, 
1967,  an  ice-cream-cone-shaped object was  seen;  (2)  on  Nov.  16,  1967, 
the object viewed had a trumpet shape at what  appeared to  be the front,  a 
dome shaped center,  and two tails on  Lhe  right-hand side.  A gliding 
humanoin figure was  seen in  connection with the latter f:lighting. 

Brooks,  Angus.  Remarkable sighting  near Dorset coast.  Flying saucer r.:·1iew, 

v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  3-4. 

Report  of  UFO  observed Oct.  26,  1967,  at Moinge  Downs,  between  Weymouth 
In  "hover" position,  object consistPct 
and  Lulworth Cove,  Dorset,  England. 
of  four  "fuselages" at equidistant position around a  central chamber.  Further 
construction  details are given. 

Bryant,  Larry W.  The  UFO  cover-up at Langley Air Force Base.  Flying sauce!'s, 

June 1968:  11-14. 

Author gives details of  UFO  sighting at Langley Air Force Base  on  Jan.  28, 
1965,  by responsible witnesses and  of  Air Force failure to  investigate the 
incident and  subsequent 1nisreprescntation of  the  facts. 

Buckle,  Eileen.  The Scoriton  mystery.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1967. 

Full details of  investigation  by  British Unidentified  Flying Object Research 
Association  (BUFORA)  of  E.  A.  Bryant's claim that on  April  24,  1965,  near 
Scoriton  England,  he  encountered three individuals from a  landed extra-
terrestrial spacecraft,  one of whom  told him,  ''My  name is Yamski. '' 
(George Adamski had died on  April  23.) 

BUFORA  research officer's annucl  report - 27th Nov.  1965.  BUFORA  journal and 

bulletin,  v.  1,  Spring 1966:  9-12. 

Survey and summary of  1, 200  reports  of  UFO  sightings  in  the  United Kingdom; 
summary of  200 worldwide  UFO 1<0.nding  reports. 

Cappa,  Fidel A.  Saucers over the Argentine.  Fl;:n'.'; S&\Ucer review,  v.  8,  May-

June 1962:  29-30. 

Report of  multiple sightings of  UFOs  over Argentina Oct.  14-15,  1961. 

Caputo,  Livio.  Rapporto sui dischi volanti-2:  stanno per invaderci?  Epoca, 

v.  LXIV,  Sept.  4,  1966:  32-37. 

Report of  UFO  sightings,  chiefly in  the  U.  S. ,  during 1965-1966.  Summary 
of various theories explaining  UFO  phenomenon. 

Carpenter,  Mark.  The great UFO  flap at Ann  Arbor.  Fate,  v.  19,  July 1966:  50-58. 

Recapitulation of  eyewitness accounts of  UFOs  seen over Dexter,  Mich. ,  on 
Mar.  20,  1966. 

Chaloupek,  Henri.  Observations en Tchecoslovaquie  et en  Bulgarie.  Phenomlmes 

spatiaux,  Mar.  1968:  20-24. 

Following UFO  sightings are noted:  (1)  July I,  1966,  at Snopousov,  Czechoslovakia; 
(2)  summer 1944  at Blovice,  Czechoslovakia; and  (3)  Nov.  21,  1967,  at Sofia, 
Bulgaria. 

Cheerio there,  earthlings!  America,  v.  113,  Aug.  21,  1965:  177. 

Commentary on  increase in  reported UFO  sightings during August 1965. 

Clark,  Jerome.  The greatest flap yet?  Flying saucer review,  v.12,  Jan. -Feb. 

1966:  27-30. 

Report on  numerous sightings of  UFOs  all over the  U, S.  beginning the evenir.g 
of  Aug.  1,  190~. 

----- The greatest flap yet?  Flying saucer review.  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr.  1966:  8-11. 

Details of  UFO  sightingr. in  the  U,  S.  during August 1965. 

----- The greatest ilap yet?  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  May-June 1966:  13-15. 

Survey of  UFO  events in  North America during September-October 1965. 

----- The greatest flap yet'?  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Nov.  -Dec.  1966:  9-13. 

Wave  of  UFO  sightings over u.  s.  during November-December 1965  is 
described. 

----- The strange ca8e of  the  1897  airship.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  July-Aug. 

1966:  10-17. 

Account of  large numbers of  piloted aircraft,  carrying brilliant searchlights 
and  human-Hke  passengers,  capable of  flying against the wind,  landing and 
taking off when  approached,  which first appeared in  northern California in 
November 1896  and  reappeared all over the western &end  midwestern  United 
States in  March 1897. 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  The Scoriton affair.  BUFORA  journal and  hulletin,  v.  1, 

Autumn  1965:  10-11. 

On  June 7,  1965,  E.  Arthur Bryant sighted a  UFO  that appeared to descend 
onto  a  nearby field.  Next  morning,  throughout the area where  heestimated 
the object had come to earth,  the foliage  and grass were singed.  A small, 
turbine-like fitting with  curved blades was found  as well as a  giass  µhia! 
containing "silver sand" and a  piece of  paper on  which was written: 
''Adelphos Adelpho. " 

Cramp,  Leonard G.  Report on  UFO  sighting and ground effect at Whippingham, 

Isle cf Wright.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  2,  Winter 1967/8:  5-9. 

A UFO is sighted on .July  10,  1967,  and in a nearby field,  there is damage  similar 
to that that a  whirwind would  have  caused:  the  barley was flattened to the 
ground in  a  "whirligig"  pattern hundreds of  feet  long. 

Creighton,  Gordon  W.  Arge11tina 1962.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  July-Aug. 

1964:  10-13. 

Summarizes newspaper reports of  remarkable  UFO  activity  over Argentina in 
1962. 

----- Argentina 1963-1964.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Nov.  -Dec.  1965:  14-17. 

General resume of  most important reported cases of  UFO  sightings in 
Argentina 1963-1964. 

----- Argentina 1963-64.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Ja.n. -Feb.  1966:  23-26. 

Sensational or unusual reports of  UFO  phenomena in  Argentina 1963-64, 
including landing reports,  contact claims,  near approaches,  multiple 
flyovers,  and detailed descriptior.s  of  shapes and  unusual  effects. 

----- Argentina 1963-64.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr.  1966:  24-26. 

Sightings  of  UFOs  over Argentina during 1964  compiled from  reports in  the 
Argentine  press. 

----- Argentina 1963-64.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  May-June 1966:  25-28. 

Account  of  major UFO  events in  Argentina from  June 1964  through  the  end 
of  the year as  reported in  Argeutine newspapers. 

Darden,  Mona.  One  UFO for the road.  Fate,  v.  20,  June 1967:  66-70. 

Details of  incident  (Nov.  28,  1966] in  which author's \!ar was allegedly paced 
by  UFO  on  Interstate I-75 near Valdosta,  Ga. 

Did  UFO  bring death?  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  11-14. 

Harry F.  Koch,  Publicity and Research Director of  Universal Research 
Society of  America,  sighted a  UFO  on  Apr.  3,  1966,  was apparently burned 
by  radiation,  reported the sighting and,  weeks  later,  died of  a  supposed 
heart attack which  had  none  of  the usual  systoms of  heart disease. 

Dufour,  Jean C.  Pigeon  shoot at the Cold' Aspin.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14, 

Mar. -Apr.  1968:  29. 

Two  UFOs  were observed by  two  responsible  persons during a  hunt  in 
October 1965  at the Cold' Aspin,  France. 

Dunn,  William  J., Jr.  An  analysis of  the 1965  Brookville landing case.  Saucer 

news,  v.  13,  June 1966:  6-8. 

ReviewF  information  on  March 1965  sightings of  airborne and landed  UFOs 
and contac:t with  pi:esumed crew near Weeki Wachi  Springs>  Florida. 

Duplantier,  Gene.  Alien  crafts curious about our cars and  <.1Ccupants.  Flying 

saucers,  June 1968:  22-24. 

Details on  incidents  in  Canada during 1967  where  cars were cha::;ed  by  UFOs. 
Reprinted from  Saucers,  Space,  and  Scienc~, no.  50,  1967-68. 

Ontario's spring flood  of  UFOs.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1966:  22-24. 

Report of  UFO  sightings in  Ontario,  Canada,  Fetiruary-April 1966 • 

. . . ed  ora ~arliamo di allucinazioni collettive.  Centro unico nazionale  per lo 

studio del fenomeni  ritenuti di natura extraterrestre.  Notiziario,  no.  4,  1967: 
5-25. 

Numerous newspaper accounts  of  UFOs  seen throughout Italy  on  the night 
of  July 17,  1967,  by  responsible individuals are  reproduced to support 
author's contention that it is  most unlikely  sightings  were either  mass 
hali.ucination  or natural phenomenon. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Flying  saucers--here and now!  "iew  York,  Lyle Stuart,  1967. 

261  p. 

Chronicle of  worldwide  UFO  events with  special emphasis on  the period 1966-1967. 

Edwards,  Frank,  My  first UFO.  Fate,  v.  15,  Feb.  1962:  27-31. 

A glowing ball·shaped object over  Indianapolis  on  October 12,  1961, --witnessed 
by  many  other persons--was  Edwards'  first UFO  !'lighting. 

----- Mystery blast over Nevada.  Fate,  v.  15~  Aug.  1962:  68-74. 

An  aerial objeci: that exploded over Nevacla on  April 18,  1962,  seemed to be 
a  meteor but,  unlike  metors,  W1.S  tracked on  radar and  had  been  pursued by 
jets. 

Enqu~s et observations diverses.  Phenomlmes spatiaux,  Dec.  1965:  39-43. 

Reports and investigations of  UFO  sightings in  France and Argentina, 
November-December 1965. 

Fawcett,  George D.  196C--the year of  saucers.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1967:  6-11. 

Postulating that the  subject of  flying  saucers  "has finally  taken  on  respecta-
bility," author lists significant ''breakthroughs" and analyzes  major 
occurrences during 1966. 

Flygande tefat over  Lappland.  Sl>karen,  v.  4,  no.  3,  1967:  3. 

Repot'ts  sighting of  two  disc-shaped,  30-meter-diameter objects by  the 
SBderstrom family near Vilhelmina,  Lapland,  on  March 4-•:,  1967. 
Objects,  seen at an  altitude of  25-40 meters and at a  distance of  about 
100  meters,  were stationary for about 15  minutes and then accelerated 
rapidly and disappeared into the distance,  giving off  a  reddish glow. 

Fontes,  Olavo T.  Brazil under  UFO  survey.  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Mar. -

Apr.  1960:  10-14. 

Dr.  Fontes documents  the  intensive  UFO  survey to which he  believes  Brazil 
was  subjected on night of May  13,  1960.  Sightings  followod orthotenic pattern 
f~rst discovered by Aime Michel in  France in 1954. 

Foue~e, Rene.  Observations d'  un  astronome argentin.  Phenomenes spatiaux, 

June 1966:  3-11. 

On  Nov.  14,  1964,  the Reverend Father Benito Reyna of  the Society of  Jesus, 
saw and  photographed a  "flotilla" of flying saucers from  the Adhara 
Observatory,  San  Miguel,  Buenos Aires,  Argentina.  Incident is reported 
in  detail and newspaper accounts quoted. 

___ :._  Rencontre avec  Eugene Coquil;  nouvelles  soucoupes  quadrangulaires;  un 
mode de  sustenation  mysterieux.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  June 1967:  13-17. 

Events surroundjng the alleged sighting on  Jar..  16,  1966,  of a  rectangular 
UFO  at Bolazec,  France,  'l.re  ·"eviewed and worldwide  reports of 
rectangu!ar UFOs  discuSl"dd.  Means  by  which objects are able to remain 
completely stationary fr1  the air are speculated on. 

Fouere,  Rene' and  Francine Fou~re.  Le  pla.teau de  Valensole ser&.it-il un  haut lieu 

du  tourisme insolit<:!?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Sept.  1966:  10-20. 

There have  been four  of five  UFO  sightings at Valens0ie,  F-.::ince,  within  a year 
of  the time Maurice Masse allegedly  saw a  landed spacecraft ai:d  its occupant 
in  his lavender field  (July 1,  1965~, according to  reports cited by  the authors. 

Fuller,  Ctirtis.  Tht boys who  "caught" a  flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  15,  Jan.  1962: 

36-42. 

UFO  sighted by  many  citizens llnd  police  officers over Waterford,  Township, 
Michigan,  on  July 9,  1961. 

----- The November  23  UFO.  Fate,  v.  14,  Mar.  1961:  46-51. 

Just before  dawnm>.November23,  1960,  an  unidentified flying object was 
allegedly  seen from  Missouri to Ohio  by  thousands  of  persons.  "Official" 
explanations are listed. 

Galindez,  Oscar A.  ArgF::ntine  astronomer observes UFO  buzzing  Echo  II.  Flying 

sa· ~er review,  v.  12,  Sept. -Oct.  1966:  31. 

Jesuit priest claims that on  Nov.  14,  1964,  he  observed a  UFO  in  close proximity 
t<'  Echo  II (communications  satellite) through  the  powerful  telescope of  the 
AJhara Observatory,  Buenos  Aires,  Argentina. 

Green  Gabriel and Warren Smith.  UFO  raids inside Russia.  Saga,  v.  34,  Aug.  1967: 

34-36,  76,  78-81,  83-84. 

Reports that on  June 21,  1961,  a  metallic disc,  judged to  measure 300 feet  in 
diameter,  hovered over a  ground-to-air missile base outside of .Rybinek, 
U, S. S, R. ,  about  92  miles north  of  Mo'Scow,  at an  altitude of  about  20, 000 
feet.  Missiles launched toward the object exploded harmlessly  in  mid-air 
when  they  reached a  distance of  a mile and a  quarter from  it. 

Greenfield,  Irving A.  The  UFO  report.  New York,  Lancer Books,  1967.  141  p. 

Summary of  the  author's  perso;1al  investigations into the numerous  UFO 
sighting reports on  Long  Island,  N.  Y.,  in  the spring of  1966,  including 
many first-hand accounts  and a  review of  the history of  the  ~henomenon. 
Supports the extraterrestrial thesis and  the  "Air Force conspiracy" allegations. 

Hall,  Richa1·d  H. ,  ed.  The  UFO  evidence.  Washington,  National Investigations 

Committee  on  Aerial  Phenomena,  1964.  104  p. 

Documented report c0ntaining 746  UFO  sighting cases selected f.r<•m  NICAP 
files  and covering NICAP's  investigations from early 1957 to the end of 1963. 
Sightings are listed and analyzed by observer categories;  historical 
development of  phenomenon and Congressional attitudes and activity are 
treated.  Evidence  is  presented to support hypothesis that  UFOs  are 
under  intelligent control and that some of  them  might therefore be of 
extraterrestrial origin. 

Hanlon,  Donald  B.  Virginia 1965  flap.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr. 

1966:  14-16. 

Twenty-five accounts of  UFO  sightings in  the  state of  Virginia between 
November 1964  and January 1965. 

Happening at Hoogdal:  an  unidentified beeping object.  Look,  v.  31,  Nov.  14,  1967: 

42-43. 

During the  week  of  May  8,  a  metallic  "beep-beep" began after dark in  Hoogdal, 
Wash.,  and  continued until dawn.  "Fireball" activity was  reported in  the area 
durin;J the  same  period. 

Heavenly bogies.  Time,  v.  88.  Sept.  2,  1966:  81-82. 

Reviews of  Frank Edwards'  Flying S?..ucers .. -Serious Busine  s  and  "T ohn  G. 
Fuller's Incident at Exeter. 

Hewes,  Hayden  C.  The  day the flying  saucers came to  Oklahoma.  Flying saucers, 

June 1967:  7-8. 

Numerous  sighti115s  of  UFOs  were  rerorted throughout Oklahorna on  Aug.  l, 
1964.  Objects were also tracked by  radar from  Tinker AFB. 

Hunt,  Rkhard.  Canadian fireballs.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr. 

1966:  33-34. 

Summary of newspaper clippings relating to brilliant balls of  fire that  lit 
the  skies and landscape across British Columbia and  parts of  the northwestern 
U.  s.  on  Mar.  31,  1965. 

Immense triangular object over Majorca.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Jan. -

Feb.  1967:  19,  33. 

Sur.day  Express  (London)  for Oct.  9,  1966,  reported that aviation  expert Air 
Commodore Whitney Straight  (Deputy Chairman of  Rolls-Royce and forme1· 
Managing Director of  B. O. A. C. ) and  Lady  Straight had  observed a  "very, 
very extraordinary unidentified flying  object" over Majorca on  September 1. 
Sighting confirmed by Michael  Huggins  who,  with  his wife,  observed object 
over a  four-hour  pel'iod. 

Jansen,  Clare ,John.  Little tin  men  in  Minnesota.  fate,  ·:.  19,  Feb.  1966:  36-40. 

Sighting of  rocket-like  UFO  and  its tin  can-shaped occupants  on  Oct.  23,  1965, 
near  Long  Prairie,  Minn.  ,  is reported. 

Johnson,  R.  Dean.  The  priest and the  saucer.  Fate,  v.  l'I,  Jan.  1964:  26-31. 

Author,  priest-in-charge of all Souls  Episcopal Church,  Waukegan,  Mich., 
reports observing a  low-flying drum-shaped  UFO  on  May  19,  1963,  for 
15-20 minutes. 

Jonsson,  Ake.  Reports from  Sweden.  Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr. 

1968:  12-16. 

is based on  a  study or  some 600  newspaper items covering the  period 

Article 
March-May 1967  and reports 15  cases of  UFO  sightings  in  Sweden  selected 
by  author as the  more interesting incidents. 

Keel,  John A.  More from  my  Ohio  Valley  notebook.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  20-21. 

During a visit to  Sisterville,  Ohio,  for  information about the 1897  UFO 
sighting there,  author learns there have been numerous  UFO  sightings 
1966-1967 and  is told of  an  abortive attempt by  a  UFO  to  !~idnap a  blood-
mobile in  March 1967. 

----- New  landing and creature reports.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  12,  Nov. -

Dec.  191}6:  5-8. 

Reports  of  sh•ange  objects and  lights  in  the  skies above  Erie,  Pa.,  and 
surrounding districts during July 1966 are discussed  and a  UFO  !anding 
and  unearthly creature sightings during the  same period detailed. 

----- North America 1966:  development  of a  great wave.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Mar. -Apr.  !967:  3-9. 
Analysis d  trends in  U,  s.  UFO  sighting rerorts during 1966. 

----- Project 'B' 1965.  New  York,  The Author,  1967.  5 p. 

Analysis of  UFO  sighting reports during 1966, 

Kelly,  Peter J.  Another Southampton flap.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -

Apr.  1965:  3-4,  20. 

Summary  of  events  during UFO "flap'' in Southhampton,  England,  Octore r-
Nov.:imber 1964. 

Le  Vauriat II.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  Dec.  1966:  26-27. 

Account of  a  ciJnr-shaped machine allegedly  sighted over Vauriat,  France 
Oct.  4,  1962. 

Liss,  ~' effrey G.  The light that chas.?d a  car.  Fate,  v.  16,  Nov.  1963:  26-35. 

Report of  18  year-old Ronnie Austin  that a  strange "light" pursued his car 
for  almost an  hcur on  August  5,  1963,  near Failiield,  Illinois. 

Lloyd,  Dan.  Crawling lights--a new  development.  Flying saucer revie.v,  v,  13, 

May-June 1967:  29-30. 

Report on  alleged  sightings in  Ohio during March 1966 of  strange objects 
including two  types  of  spaceship-like craft; doughnut-shaped  pulsating 
lights that "crawled" along the walls of a  house;  and  moving,  stump-like 
<'1'.'eatures. 

----- Things are hotting up  in  the Antarctic,  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

Oct.  1965:  4-5. 

Summary of  newspaper accounts of  UFO  activity in Antarctic during July 1965. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Besieged by  ·uFl ...  Fate,  v.  17,  June 1964:  34-38. 

On  October 18,  1963,  truck drivt::r  Eugenio Douglas was  reportedly accosted 
by three "robots" near Monte Mabe,  Argentina.  On  October  21,  the entire 
Moreno family  in  Cordoba province,  Argentina,  allegedly  saw a  landed 
UFO;  five  other discs kept the family  under siege  with  beams or  light that 
made  the  house  "hot as an  oven. " 

----- Rocket-shooting saucers over Tucson.  !"ate,  v.  15,  Oct.  19f>2:  36-43, 

On  night of  June 25-26,  1962,  teen-age boys in  Tucson,  Arizona,  allegedly 
observed rocket-like objects em"'rge from  and  return to  a  hov~rhg UF<_;, 

----- UFOs  blanket South America.  Fate,  v.  19,  Jan.  1966:  51-56. 

Account of  five-week wave  of  UFO  sightings over South America during 
July-August 1965. 

The Lowestoft sighting:  object observed for an  hour.  Flying saucer,  review,  v.  9, 

Mar. -Apr.  1963:  17-18. 

Article summarizt:s newspaper reports of  UFO  sightings over East Anglia, 
England,  during December 1962.  Accounts  were  in  Eastern Daily  Press 
(Dec.  5,  10,  20,  27,  and  28). 

Magee,  Judith.  UFO  activity along the north-east coast of  Australia.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  ll,  Sept. -Oct.  1965:  12-13. 

Summary of  news}Eper accounts of close-!'ange sightings of  UFOs  along the 
New  South Wales/Queensland coast of  AustraJia,  May-June 1965, 

Maney,  Charles A. 

'.i.'he  Antarctica sighting.  Australian flying saucer review, 

No.  9,  Nov.  1966:  24-25. 

Details of  July 3,  1965,  UFO  sightingoff Deception Island,  Antarctica,  observed 
by  scientists and  naval  personnel of  Argentina,  Chile,  and  Great Britain on 
mission there. 

Mesnard,  Joel.  Quatre enq~tes.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1967:  18-24. 

A family  of  four  allegedly  sighted a  disc-shaped  UFO  at close range for 
several minutes  over their chalet near Strasbourg,  France,  on  May  6,  1967. 

"M, O. C," observes a basse altitude en  l9e7.  Lu1:1ieres  dans la nuit,  no.  93,  Mar. -

Apr.  1968:  19-22. 

Low-altitude  UFO  sightings during 1967  in  the U.S.,  France,  En.;land,  and Canada. 

The mystery satellite: a  study  in  confusion.  Flying saucer review,  v.  6,  May-June 

1960:  25-26. 

Possible extraterrestrial origin is discussPd of  satellite discovered circling 
earth in  near-pol~.r orbit in  February 1960. 

National  Investigations Committee on  Aerial  Phenomena.  [ NICA P Headquarters UFO 

Newspaper Clipping File,  1947-1966 ].  Washington,  D.  C., 1967.  37 v. 
(looseleaf)  35  mm. 

Material constituted the newspaper clippings file  of Civilian Saucer Intelligence 
(CS~),  New  Yorl<:,  now  defunct.  Microfilm  made  by  the  Science and Technology 
Division,  Library of Congress,  1967. 

New  cltres to  UFO  electrical interference.  The  UFO  investigator,  v.  3,  Nov. -Dec. 

1965:  3-4. 

Report::;..i  UFO  sightings  prior to or during the  Nov.  9,  1965,  "blackout" are 
ri:viewed;  reports of  smaller-scale instances of  electromagnetic interference 
are surveyed for comparison. 

1966 Tully.  Australian flying saucer review,  No.  9,  Nov.  1966:  16-18. 

On  Jan.  19,  1966,  banana grower George  Pedley  saw a  "vapor-like saucer" 
take 'lff from  a  "nest" in  the  reeds near Tully,  Australia.  Two  more  "nests" 
were discovered by  cane farmer Tom  Warren and  school teacher Hank 
Penning during the  month. 

La nuit du  17  au  18  juillet 1967.  Phenom~nes spatiaux,  Mar.  1968:  11-18. 

Statements of  witnesses,  including astronomers,  of  UFO  si!~l1tings July 17-18, 
1967,  in  France,  Switzerland,  and  Italy.  Newspaper references are cited. 

Observations t:'lrangeres.  Phenomenes si:etiaux,  Nt.~'·  1954'.  30-31. 

A 

' 

~ 

"' 

UFO  sightings  worldwide  March-October 1964. 

Observations ~trang~res.  Pheno;nenes spatiaux,  Feb.  1.965:  32-33. 

Report of  UFO  sightings  in  Transvaal (1906)  and in the  U. s. A.  (1964-19C5 ). 

Observations etrangeres.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  May 1965:  37-47,. 


Worlwide  reports of  UFO sightings,  1964-1965, 

Observations francaises  r'centes.  Phenomenes spatieux,  Feb.  1965:  27-28. 

UFO  sightings in  Fr.mce November-December 1964. 

Observations francaises  r'centes.  Phenomene~ spatiaux,  May  1965:  35-37. 

Report~ of  UFO  sigttings in  France August 1964-May 1965. 

Observations francaises  recentes.  Phenorr.enes spatiaux,  Nov.  1964:  16-25. 

UFO  sigh-::tr.gs  in  France July-October 1964. 

. 

, 

Observations recentes.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1966:  30-32. 

/ 

UFO  sighting reports in  France,  Oct. -Nov.  1966. 

Olsen,  Thomas M.  The reference for  outstanding UFO  sighting reports.  Rider-

wood,  Md.  UFO  Information Retrieval Center,  Inc.,  1967. 
pagings)  (UFORI~ - 6661) 

l  v.  (various 

Collection of 160  outstanding UFO  reports as originally ?Jblished.  A numerical 
value of  reliability is formulated for each case;  the reports are presented 
in  chronological order and cross-indexed by date,  geographical location and 
source. 

Opposition flap 1965.  Flying saucer review,  v. 

ll,  May-June 1965:  3-6. 

Report on  increased intensity of  UF'O  sightings during 1965,  particularly in 
th~ area of  the eastern seaboard states of  the  U.  S. ,  concomitant with 
opposition of  the  planet Mars. 

Palmer,  Ray.  Navy  claps saucer sighters in  psychiatric ward.  Flying saucers, 

Oct.  1966:  '7-9. 

faght crew members of U.e  USS  WASPwhoreportedsighting  UFOs  on  May  24, 
1966,  were allegedly confined to the psychiatric ward  in a  U.  S.  Navy  hospital 
and  "treated" as schizophrenics. 

Perego,  Alberto.  L'aviazione di altri pianeti opera tra noi.  Rome,  Edizioni del 

Centro italiano studi aviazione elettromagnetlca,  1963.  563  p. 

Report on  worldwide UFO  sightings between 1943-1963 with  emphasis on  those 
over Italy. 

Physical evidence landing reports.  The  UFO  investigator,  v.  2,  July-Aug.  1964: 

4-6. 

Details of  alleged close-range Ul:"'O  sighting by policeman  Lonnie Zamora on 
Apr.  24,  1964,  near Socorro,  N.  M. 

Pi in  the  sky.  Newsweek,  v.  67,  Apr.  4,  1966:  22,  27. 

Details of  UFO  sightings in  the area around Ann  Arbor,  Mich. ,  during late 
Mar.:h 1966.  One night a  University  of  Michigan scientist blinked the  "pi'' 
equation in  code,  explaining that this could u.?  understood by extra-
traterrestrial creatures. 

Police chase low flying  UFO.  The UFO  investigator,  v.  3,  Mar. -Apr.  1966:  1. 

Account  of April 17,  1966,  UFO  sighting  jncident near Ravenna,  Ohio;  object 
was  seen by  sheriffs Dale Spaur and W.  L.  Neff. 

Poursuites dans  le ciel.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1967:  29-30. 

Newspaper accounts of  incidents in  which aircraft were paced by  UFOs  over 
Peru and  Mexico during February 1967. 

Priest astronomer's report:  observations of  an  Argentine astronomer.  Flying 

saucers,  Apr.  1968:  15-17. 

Reverend  Father Benito Reyna of  the Society  of Jesus,  teacher of  mathematics 
and director of  the Adhara Observatory near Buenos Aires,  Argentina,  photo-
graphed three UFOs  on  Nov.  14,  1964.  Objects were following  a  route 
perpendicular to  the orbit of  Echo  II and  on  the  plane of  its orbit. 

Que  s'est-il passe a Marliens? 

t>h;nomenes  spatiaux,  June J.967:  24-30. 

Newspaper accounts of May  6,  1S67,  incident in  Marliens,  France,  in  which 
markings were found  in  a field for which thet'e was no  conventional  explanation. 

Que  s'est-i~ passe a Ple:!:'tan?  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1965:  28-32. 

Antics of a  football-shaped flaming object on  Nov.  12,  1965,  in  Plestan, 
France,  are described.  Pcssiblity that phen01nenon  was ball lightning is 
discounted. 

Rathbun,  Mabel.  Flying saucer over San  Salvador.  Fate,  v.  19,  Feb.  1966:  41-43. 

Aug.  18,  1965,  sighting of  UFO  over San  Salvador is detailed. 

Retour sur Attignev:ule:  !'incident de  Xertigny.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1966: 

, 

' 

. 

13-17. 

Details of further inquiry into incident at Attign«fvme,  Frat1ce,  Mar.  26,  1966, 
in  which a  strange white  wheel with  red spokes at its periphery was  seen 
traveling at a  constant  speed of about 30 kilometers an  hour.  A circular 
der.ression discovered by  a farmer at Xertigny,  France,  on  Sept.  4,  1966, 
that he  originally thoughi was a  meteor crater,  is also discussed. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  Cort~ge de souc'lupes volantes  sur Andorre-la Vieille. 

Phenomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1967:  29-30. 

For over half an  hour on  Sept.  18,  1967,  hundreds of  people  watct.->d 
the acrobatics of  a fleet  of  "flying saucers" over Andorre-la-Vieille,  Andorra. 
Report based on  newspaper account. 

----- L'etrange affaire de  Nuria.  Ph~nom~nes spatiaux,  Mar.  1968:  27-30. 

UFO  sighting at Nuria,  Spain,  Sept.  25-26,  and Nov.  18-19,  1967,  accompanied 
by  parapsychological effect on  witnesses,  including a  priest,  is described. 

----- El gran enigma de  los  platillos volantes,  desc1.e  la prehistoria hasta la epoca 

actual.  Santiago de  Chile,  Buenos Aires,  Mexico,  Barcelona,  Editorial 
Pomaire,  1966.  431  p. 

Author summarizes worldwide reports of  unexplained aerial phenomena  (1800s-
1960s}  with emphasis on U.  S.  accounts and  on  the 1954  wave  of  UFO  sightings 
in  France.  Current theories on  the  possibility of  life in  other worlds are 
discussed.  Hypotheses attempting to explain  the  UFO  phenomenon  are surveyed. 

----- Midsummer sightings over Andorra.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec. 

1967:  25. 

Report of  UFO  sightings around  Andorra-la-Veille,Andorra,  during June 17-22, 
1967. 

Ross,  John C.  State cops  race 'flying saucer.'  Fate,  v.  13,  Dec.  1960:  44-47. 

On  night of  August 13-14,  1960,  Patrolmen Stanley Scott and Charles A.  Carson 
sighted a  football-shaped  UFO near Corning,  California,  and  pursued  it for 
over two  hours. 

Roussel,  Robert.  La roue d' Attigneville.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  June 1966: 

25-31. 

On  May  31,  1955,  a  luminous disc-shaped object 3-3 1/2 feet in d1ameter, 
encircled with  spinelik~· projections of  different lengths,  was  seen rolling 
across the grass in  ~y-Saint-Galmier, France.  A similar objec ..  was 
seen on  March  26,  1966,  at Tranqueville-Graux,  France. 

Russians say that flying  saucers exist.  National enquirer,  v.  42,  Mar.  31J  1961:  1-3. 

1960-1965  UFO  sigMings  in  the U. s. S. R.  are di?scribed.  Dr.  Felix Zigel, 
assistant. professor of  astronomy at Moscow Aviation  Institute,  is quoted as 
stating that observations indicate that UFOs  behave  intelligently and that 
"in  a group formation flight,  they  maintain a  pattern. "  He  als., said they 
are often  spotted over airfields,  atomic stations,  and other very new 
engineering installations. 

Sacksteder,  Fred ·J.  Horned  UFO  sighted at La Porte.  Fly.:.Og  saucers,  Oct.  1966: 

15. 

Horned  UFO  sighted on  Mar.  19,  HJ66,  near La Porte,  Indiana,  is described 
as about the size of a  railroad umk car,  brilliant white,  and surrounded by 
misty whit\?  rings; a  round reddish light shone from  near the center of  the 
object. 

Sanderson,  Ivan  T.  "Something"  landed  in  Pennsylvania.  Fate,  v.  19,  Mar.  1966: 

33-25. 

Details are given of  the crash of  a fiery  ohject--flying rather than falling at 
I, 062. S mph and observed to make  a  25c  turn--near Pitt~burgh,  Pa. ,  on  Dec.  9, 
1965. 

Saucer flap.  The  New  Yorker;  v.  42,  Apr.  9,  1966:  32-33. 

Possible significance of  Michigan  "flap" of  UFO  sightings during March 1966 
is discussed with three ufologists:  Jose Cecin,  head of  t.11e  New York 
Subcommittee of  the National Investigations CommitteP. on  Aerial  Phenomena; 
Jam es W.  Moseley,  president of  the Saucer and  Unexplained Celestial Events 
Res<:arch  Society;  and Michael J.  Campione,  New  Jersey representative of 
the Amale;amated  Flying Saucer Clubs of  America. 

Sch:mg,  Casimiro A.  r~cents incidents.  Phenom~nes spatiaux,  Sept.  1966:  25-28. 

Newspaper accounts of  UFO  sightings in  Argentina,  November 1965-May 1966, 

Sheffield's sensational week.  Flying saucer :review,  v.  8,  Nov. -Dec.  1962:  tl-9. 

Report on  wave  of  UFOs  sighted and  filmed over Sheffiel1,  England,  Aug. 
19-SO,  1962. 

Sherwood,  John C.  F'lying Eaucers are watching you.  Clarksbui 6,  W.  Va. , 

Saucerian Books,  195r1.  78  p. 

Author cites newspaper releases in  report on  incidents which  took  place 
during Michigan  "flap" of  UFO  sightings  in  Spring 1966. 

Shuttlewood,  Arthur.  The Warminster mystery.  London,  Neville Spearman,  1967. 

207  p. 

Account of  strange aerial noises and pr·essure waves over Warminster, 
England,  often a\!companying  UFO  sightings.  Phenomenon allegedly  began 
Christmas 1964. 

----- Warminster UFOs  puzzling behavior.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  1, 

Autumn 1966:  14-17. 

Discussion of  intense UFO  activity over Warminster,  England,  January 1965-
June 1966. 

The significant report from  France.  Flying saucer review,  v.  11,  Nov.  -Dec. 

1965:  5-6. 

Report on  investigation in  behalf of the Groupement d'Etude des  Phinom~nes 
Aeriens et Objets Spatiaux Insolites  (G, E, P.A.) of July 1,  1965,  sighting at 
Valensole,  France,  of  UFO  and  its humanoid pilot. 

Smith,  Stephen  L.  The bent beams case.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  1, 

Autumn 1966:  4-5. 

Motoriat nearly crashed off  the  road when  his car headlight beams suddenly 
appeared to bend to the  right.  Incident occurred Apr.  8,  1966,  in  Victoria 
State,  Australia.  As  he  stopped his car,  a  l~FO was seen to  rise out  of  a 
nearby field. 

----- The bent beams case.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Sept. -Oct.  1966:  iii. 

Report that car headlight beams bent as automobile approached  UFO  on  road 
between  Bendigo and St.  Arnaud,  Victoria,  Australia,  in  April 1966. 

La "soucoupe" carree de  Bolazec  OU  le tracteur volant.  Ph~nom~nes spat.iaux, 

Mar.  1966:  17-20. 

Alleged landing  of  a  square-shaped UFO  ne.::.r  Bolazec,  France,  on  Jan.  16, 
1966,  is reported.  Newspaper accounts  of  incident are cited. 

Soucoupes carr~es avant Bolazec.  Phenomenes  spatiaux,  June 1966:  14-16. 

Reports of  sightings of  rectangular UFOs  prior to  Jan.  16,  1966,  at  3olazec, 
France.  The Bolazec  sighting had  been thought to be the first in this 
category. 

Sur les solitudes glacl!es de l'antarctique.  Phenomenes spatiaux,  Sept.  1965: 

Z5-3l. 

A "flotilla"  of  unidentified flying objects was  seen on  June 19,  1965,  by 
Argentine,  British,  and Chilean  scientists at br .. ses in  the Antarctic. 
Newspaper reports of  incident are cited and official communiques  quoted. 

Trouble,  Michel ansI  Rene  Foue're".  L&.  grd.nde  panne  USA-Canada et son  explication 

technique.  Pnenomenes spatiaux,  Mar.  1967:  8-13. 

Discussion of  Nov.  9,  1965,  "blackout" that extended from Ontario,  Canada, 
to  New  York,  and concomitant  UFO  sightings. 

UFO  activity  in  Brazil during 1965.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  2,  Summer 

1967:  14-15. 

Covers  period September-December 1965. 

"UFOs"  -- they're back in  new sizes,  shapes,  colors.  U.S.  news  & world report, 

v.  61,  Aug.  22,  1966:  58-60. 

Of  1966  UFO  sightings,  USAF  officials say:  (1)  more variety in  &izes  and 
shapes is reported;  (2)  there are lights of all kinds  concomitant with 
sightings;  (3)  UFOs  seem to be  noisier than  in  the  past;  (4)  appearance of 
objects allegedly  seen during daylight hours is  invariably that of  some light-
colored metal;  (5)  movement of  reported UFOs  continues  to  be  E>rratic; 
(6)  no  "little green  men" have appeared;  (7)  sightings have been  concentrated 
more in  the northeastern  U. 2.  than  in  the  past;  and  (8)  objects exhibit 
apparent tendency  to follow  power lines. 

Vallee,  Jacques and  Janine Vallee.  Challenge to  science;  the  UFO  enigma. 

Chicago,  H.  'Regner;; Co.  1  1966,  268  p. 

Scientific  study  of  UFO  sightings  reported throughout world from  1951.  Book 
emphasizes global  nature of  phenomenon,  showing how  European  sightings 
illuminate observations in  U.S.  and  other parts of  the  world.  Sightings  in 
France are treated in  detail and  the  methods developed for  studying them  are 
suggested as applicable  to  the  phenomenon  as a  whole. 

The  Vauriat sighting.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  July-Aug.  1963:  3-5. 

On  Aug.  29,  1962,  in  the village of  Vauriat,  France,  a  number of  people 
witnessed,  in  broad daylight,  a veritable ballet dance by  unknown  aerial 
craft.  Account  taken from  La Montagne,  Aug.  30,  1962. 

Veit,  Karl.  Planeten-Menschen.  Wiesb:iden-SchiersteL1,  VeHtla-Verlag,  1961. 

223  p. 

Author surveys  scientific  opinion  .Jn  the  possibility of  life on  other worlds  and 
summarizes  UFO  sighting reports from  1947 to date.  Details are given  of 
''contactee" reports and  the alleged appearance and behavior of  beings  from 
outer space. 

Vezina,  Allan K.  Canada 1967  -- a  big year for  UFO  research.  Flying saucers, 

Ju.ne  ~ qs8:  8-10. 

Summarizes 1967  UFO  incidents in Canada.  Mentions power cut-offs and 
burning of an individual in  a.ssociation with  sightings.  Disc-shaped UFO 
allegedly crash-landed into Shag Harbour,  Nova Scotia;  although there wen~ 
many 'Nitnesses,  neither the UFO nor Hs wreckage was  found. 

A well-witnessed 'invasion'  -- by  something.  Life,  v.  60,  Apr.  1,  1966:  24-31. 

Illustrated report on  numerous UFO sightings during March 1SS5 from 
Australia to Michigan. 

What  the  British press reports on  flying saucers.  Flying eaucers,  Aug.  1966: 

29-33. 

Newspaper accounts of  uFO sightings August-October 1965.  Reprinted from 
Orbit,  journal of the Tynside.,  England,  U.  F.O.  Sodety. 

Winder,  R.H. B.  Comment on  the Angus  Brooks sighting.  Flying  s~ucer review, 

v.  14,  Jan. -Feb.  1968:  4-5. 

Speculating on  the reason for  the crosslike r:onfiguration during hover of th1:? 
UFO  seen over  England Oct.  26,  1967,  by  Angus  Brooks,  author suggests 
observations or measurements demanding instruments located at the four 
corners of a  square or  requiring two or four  linear devices  (possibly antennae, 
intersecting at right angles. 

Zigel,  Felix.  The  UFO problem --a challenge to  science.  Flying saucers, 

June 1968:  25-26. 

The joint effort of all scientists in the  world should be  applied to  discovering 
the nature of the UFO phenomenon,  the author says.  Details given  of sightings 
in the U.S. S. R.  1965-1967. 

STATEMENTS 

Asimov,  Issac.  UFOs--what I  think.  Science digest,  v.  59,  June  1966:  44-47. 

Commenting on  the compulsion of "believers" to identify unidentified flying 
objects,  the author says that "its not what you  see that is suspect,  but how 
you  interpret what you  see."  He  suggests that persons who  want to  believe 
that the  spacecraft crews are benevolent guardians of our welfare ar1. 
"insecure person/ s/ clinging desperately to a  fantasy  of security." 

Confusion  in  the sky.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  24-29. 

Article asserts that contradictory statements of  the  "experts" are responsible 
for  confusion in  the publ~c's mind about the UFO  phenomenon. 

Dowding,  Hugh  C.  I believe in flying saucers.  Fate,  v.  7,  Nov.  1954:  24-26. 

Author,  Britain's Air Chief  Marshall  Lord Dowding,  states he is convinced 
that  "flying saucers" exist and  that they are not  mamdactured by any nation 
on  earth.  He  says he  "can thc,·e:.ore see no  alternative to accepting the 
theory that they come from  so.n1.~ e::..iraterrestrial :;ource. "  Reprinted from 
the  London  Sunday  Dis patch. 

Un  document  majeure:  la declaration du  Dr.  McDonald.  Phenomenes spatiaux, 

Dec.  1967:  4-8. 
Text of  letter sent by  Dr.  James McDonald  to u. N.  Secretary-General 
U.  Thant urging  international COOPf}ration  in studying the UFO  phenomenon. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Arthur C.  Clarke looks at the  universe.  Fate,  v.  12,  May  1959: 

68-75. 

Astronomer and  science fiction  writer Arthur C.  Clarke expresses his belief 
that intelligent beings unquestionably exist in  other parts "f the universe and 
might visit our solar system. 

----- An  astronomer reports on  UFOs.  Fate,  v.  12,  Mar.  1959:  34-41. 

Astronomer Frank Halstead,  former curator of  Darling Observatory,  llniver-
sity of  Minnesota,  states  his  belief that UFOs  are extraterrestrial spacecraft 
and describes circumstances •.:nder which  he  personally made a  sighting. 

Frank  Edwards'  report.  Fate,  v.  10,  July 1957:  27-31. 

Dr.  Maurice  Ewing,  director of Columbia  Univ. 's Lamont  Geological 
Observatory,  is quoted as saying that there is a gigantic  rift extending in  an 
unbroken  line about  45, 000  miles around the earth and beneath  its surface; 
presence of  the rift  possibly  means  the ~arth is in  the  process of  change. 
NACA  Director Dr.  Hugh  Dryden is quoted as telling the House Appropriations 
Committee on  Feb.  19,  1957,  that there is no  such thing as a flying  saucer. 

Frank  Edwards'  report:  Air  Force warns  flying saucers no  joke.  Fate, 

v.  13,  July 1960:  44-52. 

Vlce  Admiral Robert Hillenkoetter,  USN,  retired,  gave the  press copies of 
an  official  USAF  release issued December  24,  1959,  by  Major General 
Richard  E.  O'Keefe,  Acting  lm:pector General,  which  stated in  part: 
"unidentified flying  objects ... must be  rapidly and accurately  identified as 
serious USAF  business." 

:Cdwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwads'  report:  scientists and satellites.  Fate,  v.  ll, 

Ffjb.  1958:  69-76. 

Author  ~:ays tllat the scientific community which,  in  1957,  "derided,  denounced 
and dismissed" the  possibili'i:;.'  of  a  Soviet-launched earth satellite,  is  probably 
just as  misguided currently in  negative attitude regarding the  reality of 
flying saucers. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Lyndon  B.  Johnsor1  calls for  UFO  alert.  Fate,  v.  13,  Nov.  1960: 

27-29. 

In  letter to  Major Donald  E.  YPyhoe  dated July 6,  1960,  Senator Lyndon  B. 
Johnson said in  part:  " ... the  Fl'eparedness  Investigating· Subcommittee ... is 
keeping a  closfl watch over new  developments in this field with standing 
instructions to  report to  me  any  recent significant sightings  of  unidentified 
flying objects along with an  analysis  of  t.he  conduct and  conclusions  of  the 
Air Force inve.stigation of  each  such sighting. " 

Gibbs-Smith,  Charles H.  Flying saucers.  The  queen,  v,  202,  Nov.  17,  1954:  64. 

A  discussion of the UFO phenomenon by the well-known aeronautical historian. 
He  states that one can rule out  UFOs  as  being foreign  aircraft and  secret 
weapons and  speculates  that techn.'1ues  may  have  been achieved in  some 
other civilization in  the  utdverse that surmount  matter and  time as  we  know 
them--techniques no  more startling fur such a  civilization than  flying and 
radio appear to our civilization  on  earth. 

Gibt  es  UFOs?  Gesprach mit Hermann Oberth zur UFO  - frage.  Physik.alische 

blatter,  v.  17,  Heft2,  1961:  100-103. 

In  interview Oberth stated:  (1)  about  11~ of  all UFO  sightings still cannot be 
explained as known  scientific and technological  phenomena;  (2)  he  himself has 
never seen a  UFO  and  his  belief in  whether  or not  they  exist is irrelevant; 
(3)  reported UFO  phenomena should be  investigated scientifically;  (4)  on  the 
basis of  his  training in  medicine and  psychology,  he  believes  some  reports that 
individuals  have  had  contact with extraterrestrial beings  should be  taken as 
real unexplained experiences;  (5)  he  doubts  the appearance of  extraterrestrial 
beings  in  human  form  with human attributes;  {6)  UFOs  may  be  flying  machines, 
built by  extraterrestrials,  that are propelled by  manipulation  of  gravity fields; 
and  (7)  there should l>e  intensified study  of  the  problem. 

Hatvany,  Edgar A.  Dr.  Hynek  & the  UFOs.  BUFORA  journal and  bulletin,  v.  l, 

Autumn  1966:  5-8. 

Commentary on  letter from  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek  dated Aug.  1,  1966,  and 
submitted to but not  published by Science,  in  which  he  urged scientific 
attention to the  UFO  phenomenon. 

Hiestand,  Edgar W.  Senators want  saucer truth.  Flying saucers,  l"eb.  1960: 

25-26. 

In  extension of  remarks,  Congressman  Edgar W.  Hiestand (D, -Calif.) caused 
an  article by Hollywood  Valle~ Times commentator Geor-ge  Todt to  be  placed 
in  the Congressio1;al Record  July 15,  1959,  Appendix,  p.  A6685).  Article 
refers t0 NICAP's efforts to obtain open Congressional hearings  on  the  UFO 
phenomenon.  Statements of  members of Congress in  support of  such hearings 
are quoted from  June 1959  U, F,O,  Investigator. 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  Are flying  saucers real?  The Saturday evening  post,  v.  239, 

Dec.  17,  1966:  17-21. 

Hynek,  chairman of the department of  astronomy at Northwestern  Univ.  and 
consultant to  USAF's  Project Blue  Book,  states that of  the 15,000 cases of 
UFO  sig:idngs that have come to  his attention,  "several hundred are puzzling, 
anc'.  some of the  puzzling incidents,  perhaps one in  25,  are bewildering. "  He 
cites illustrative examples and  urges a  serious inquiry  into the  nature of  the 
phenc:nenon. 

Jones,  Harold S.  The flying  saucer  myth.  The  spectator,  v.  185,  Dec.  l5,  1950: 

686-687. 

Author,  the  British  Astronomer Hoyal, says  that flying  saucers are "improbable" 
and the extraterrestrial hypothesis "the  strongest possible demonstration that 
the whole thing is a  myth." 

Keyhoe,  Donald E.  Flying saucers--fact or fancy?  The  air Hue  pilot,  v.  22, 

Oct.  1953:  9-10. 

Majer Keyhoe  furnishes  official statements from  USAF's Air Technical 
Intelligence Center refuting Dr.  Donald Menzel's explanations that  UFO 
sightings are attributable to natural atmospheric  phenomena.  He  also cites 
"an  official Air Force document" which  states that an  increasing number 
of  officials linked with the  investigation are convinced  "that the saucers 
are interplanetary.·· 

Lear,  John.  A reply.  Saturday  review,  Feb.  4,  1967:  73. 

SH's scie~1ce editor restates his position  in  the  UFO  controversy and answers 
Tcifln  Fuller's criticisms of  him  for  publishing excerpt., from  Incident at 
Exeter  (New  York,  G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1966)  without  permission and out of 
context. 

McDonald,  James  E.  Statement on  unidentified flying  object3,  Tucson,  Arizona, 

The Author,  1968,  39  p. 

In  his statement,  the  author  reviews his experiences in  interviewing  UFO 
witnessei:.  in  the  U.S.  and abroad and discusses ways  in  which  his  professional 
experience  in  the field of  atmospheric  physics and meteorology illuminates the 
past and  present attempts to  account  for  UFO  phenomena.  Presented at the 
Symposium  on  Unidentified Flying Objects,  Committee  on  Science and 
Astronautics,  House  of  Reprt·c;entatives,  July  29,  1968. 

McDonald,  James  E.  UFOs--an  international  scientific p!'oblem.  Tucson,  Ariz., 

The  Author,  1968.  40  p. 

Summarizing his  position,  the  author states.  (1)  the  UFO  problem  seems to  be 
a  matter of great scientific  intt:rest;  (2)  machine-like objects--possibly 
t:xtrater't"e'-~"ial ir.  origin--have been  repeatedly seen,  often  by observers of 
VP.i"J  high  c·~aubility; (3)  UFO  observatinns are being  made on  a  global scale 
indicating an  international scientific  problem;  (4)  there hc>s  never been a 
thorough scientific investigation cf  UFOs;  (5)  there is no  convincing  evidence 
o~ U.  S.  cover-up conspiracy operating to conceal true nature of  UFO 
problem;  (6)  Condon  Committee's lack of  scientific vigor in  conducting USA'F · 
sponsored  UFO  study  is disappointing;  (7)  UFO  study  programs by  scientifir, 
groups are needed U:roughout the world  to systematically appraise con-
ceivable hypotheses  to account for  UFO  phenomena.  Speech given Mar.  12, 
1968,  at the Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute Astronautics Symposium, 
Montreal,  Canada. 

----- UFOs--extraterrestrial probes?  Astron~utics  &  aeronautics,  v. 5,  Aug.  HHi7: 

19-20. 

Author states his belief that the extraterrestrial-ox·igin hypothesis for the  UFO 
phenomenon  must be given  sei"ious  scientific attention.  Re  points  out that most 
arguments against feasibility  of  interstellar travel are couched in  terms of 
present-day scientific knowledge a.nci  technology. 

Markowitz,  William.  The  physics and  metaphysics  of  unid~ntified flying objects. 

Science,  v.  157,  Sept.  15,  1967:  1274-1279. 

Reported  UFOs  cannot  be  under extrfl.terrestrial control if the laws  of  physics 
are valid,  the author a:.;serts.  He  adds that the data  published do  not  justify 
the holding of  investig•ltions of  tht::!  t>~.enomian•Jn. 

The new  saucer epidemic.  New  republic,  v.  127,  Aug.  18,  195:!:  7 

Commentary on  increased reports of  UFO  sigJttings.  Opinions of  scientists 
(including Donald H.  Menzel and  Noel Scott) who  believe it unlikely that 
flying saucers come from  another  planet are given. 

Posin,  Dan  Q,  An  eye on  space.  Popular  mechanics,  v.  113,  Feb.  1960:  103. 

Commentary on  reports of  "hair-raising sights  in  the sky. "  Unitamed 
scientist is quoted as saying that while  it is not  probable that  extraterrestrial 
spacecraft have  visited earth, 
any  day." 

''they  can  come  and  they  might  come  --

Professor Hermann Oberth defends  the flying  saucer.  Flying saucer review,  v.  8, 

Seit. -Oct.  1962;  15-16. 

In  an  interview in  Barcelona by Antonio  Ribera during the Second Congr~ss of 
Aeronautical and Space Medicine,  Dr.  Oberth  qaid that  in  his  opinion,  the 
higher forms  of  life  in  our  planetary system are to be found  only on  earth. 
If we are to seek the  place of  origin  of  the flying  saucers,  we  must look to 

other stellar systems,  perhaps to the  planets of  Tau-CE:ti and  Epsilon  Eridani, 
two of  the suns nearest to us and belonging to the  same ~pectrographic type 
as our own. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  Professor Hermann Oberth revisits  Barcelona.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  ll,  Sept. -Oct.  1965:  32. 

In  a  radio interview during the  First Astronautical Week  in  Barcelona, 
May  3-9,  1965,  Professor Hermann Oberth raade  the following  statement 
on  the  UFO  phenomenon:  "We  must c:onsider real a  fact of  which we  .(Xlssess 
eight thousand certain sightings, 
planetary vehicles,  but nobody  can doubt any  more their existence. " 

I  cannot say if  they are or are not inter-

Russians say that flying  saucers exist.  National  enquirer,  v.  42,  Mar.  31,  1961: 

1-3. 
1960-1965  UFO  sightings in  the U. s. S, R.  arl~ described.  Dr.  Felix Zigel, 
assistant professor of  astronomy  at Moscow Aviation  Institute,  is quoted as 
stating that observa:ions indicate that  UFO~ behave  intelligently and that 
"in a group formation  flight,  they  maintair, a  pattern. "  He  also said they 
are often spotted over airfields,  atomic  stations,  and other very new 
engineering installations. 

Saucers and  smoking.  Newsweek,  v.  52,  Aug.  ll, 1958:  85. 

Swiss  psychologist Carl Jung is quoted as having wraten in the Bulletin of  the 
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization  (date not given) tha.t the  postwar 
sightings of  flying  saucers and other unidentified flying  objects  (UFOs) were 
not hallucinations. 

Sherman,  Carl.  Why  is the  UN  censoring the  truth about  UFOs?  Saga,  v.  35, 

Dec.  1967:  32-35,  5C-60,  62. 

Author states that in  May  1967,  U.  N.  Secretary-General U Thant claimed 
that the  UFO  mystery was  one  of  t.he gravest problems facing humcnity 
today--but later denied making the statement.  He  summarizes a  statement 
by Dr.  Jam es McDonald to the  U. N,  Outer Space Affairs Group on  June 7, 
1967,  urging immediate global action  on  the  UFO  problem. 

Sightings by  scientists.  Flying saucers from  other worlds,  June 1957:  82-85. 

Astronomers who  have  seen unidentified flying  objects state their conclusions. 
They  include Dr.  Clyde  Tombaugh;  Dr.  Seymour  L.  Ress;  Dr.  G.  Duncan 
Fletcher; Dr.  Frank Halstead,  and D.r.  H.  Percy Wilkins. 

UFOs  for  real?  Newsweek,  v.  168,  Oct.  10,  1966:  70. 

Astrophysicist J.  Allen  Hynek,  consultant to USA F's Projer.t Blue Book  is 
quoted as saying about  UFOs:  "There is a  phenomenon  here.  I've studied 
this for  eighteen years and  it's not all nonsense. "  He  calls upon  re~table 
scientists to invesUgate  UFOs  seriously. 

"UFOs"--they're back in  new  sizes,  shapes,  colors.  U.S.  news  &  world report, 

v.  61,  Aug.  22,  1966:  SS-60. 

Of  1966  UFO  sightings,  USAF  officials say:  (1)  more variety  in  sizes and 
shapes is reported;  (2)  there are lights v!  all kinds  concomitant with 
sightings;  (3)  UFOs seem to  be  noisier than  in  the past;  (4)  appearance of 
objects allegt!d!y seen during daylight  hours  is invariabiy that o!  some 
light-colored metal;  (5)  movement o{  reported UFOs  continues to be 
erratic;  (5)  no  "little green  men" have appeared;  (7)  sightings have been 
concentrated mort:  in  the northeastern u. S.  tha11  in  the  ~st; and  (8)  objects 
exhibit apparent tenC:.ency to follow power lines. 

Waithman,  Robert.  These flying  saucers.  The spectator,  v.  184,  Apr.  14,  1950: 

489-490. 

C ·Jmmentary on  the flying  saucer controversy. 

UNIVERSITY  OF  COLORADO  STUDY 

Condon  to head  UFO  study.  Science,  v.  154,  Oct.  14,  1966:  244. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Air Force grants $313, 000 to study  UFOs.  Fate,  Ft:i,.  1967:  32-39. 

Df::tails  of  University of Colorado contract for 15-month sbidy of  UFOs. 

Fuller,  .Tohn  G.  Flying saucer fiasco.  Look,  v.  32,  May  14,  19138:  58,  60-64. 

Incidents in  the  University of Colorado's  UFO  study leadine; to dismissal of 
Drs.  Norman  Levine and David Saunders  and the  resignation  of  the  project's 
administrative  assistant are discussed. 

Lear,  John.  Research in  America:  University of  Colorado study of  UFOs. 

Saturday Review,  v.  49,  Dec.  3,  1966:  87-89. 

Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon,  head of the  USAF-financed  independent study of 
the  UFO  phenomenon  by  the  University of  Colorado,  describes his  projected 
general plan  of  operation  in  long-distancf' tdephone conversation with 
SR's science eciitor. 

Libel  suit may  develop f:to!!l  UFO  hassle.  Scientific  research,  v.  3,  May  13,  1968: 

11-!2. 

Article re1:x>rts  that  David  R.  Saunders and  Norman  E.  Levine  may  sue 
Edward  U.  Condon  for allegedly calling them  "incompetent" when  he fired 
them  from  the Air Force-sponsor~d University of  Colorado  UFO  investi-
gation.  Events  leading to  the firings are detailed. 

Margolis,  Howard.  The UFO  phenomenon.  Bulletin of  the atomic  ~~ientists,  v.  23, 

June 1967:  40-42. 

Problems and  difficulties inherent in  the  University of  Colorado study of 
unidentifit:d flyi11g  ob!ects are discussed 1"•  the  author.  He  concludes that 
it is unlikely that the final  report will 1'f 
that it may  "add more fuel  to the controversy." 

• ve  the issue and  speculates 

Press conference by Donald  Key hoe,  Director of  NICA P,  on  Tuesday,  30  A "lril 

1966:  Washington,  1968.  22  p. 

A transcri¢ion of the NICAP  press conference on  the University of  Colorado 
study. 

Rogers,  Warren.  Flying saucers.  Look,  v.  31,  Mar.  21,  1967:  76-80. 

Background  information on  i.he  USAF-sponsored study  of  the UFO phenomenon 
by  the  University of  Colorado--what it hopes  to accomplish and  how. 

ShuJdiner,  Herbert.  The great UFO  probe.  Popuhr science,  v.  191,  Oct.  1967: 

120-123. 

Report on  the objectives of  a  $313, 000  USAF-sponsored  study of  the  UFO 
phenomenon at the University of Colorado,  headed by  Dr.  Edward U.  Condon. 
Findings  would  be released in  Fall 1!168. 

Simons,  Howard.  American newsletter.  New  scientist,  v.  32,  Oct.  27,  1966:  174. 

Announcement that the Air Force had  enlisted Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon  of  the 
University  of  Colorado to  heaci  a  15-month study  of unidentified flying  objects 
(UFOs)  under a  $313, 000  grant. 

Situation  report:  What  is the unidentified Hying  object situation these days?  American 

engineer,  Mar.  1967:  55. 

Two  new  developments  relating to  the  UFO  phenomenon  are cited. 
Dr.  J .  Allen  Hynek' s  open  letter to Science urging serious scientific  investi-
gation  of  the  1>roblem;  and  (2)  the  USAF-sponsored,  F--month  study at the 
University  of Colorado,  headed by  Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon. 

(1) 

Stanton,  L.  Jerome.  The final word on  flying  saucers'!  This week,  Mar.  5,  1967: 

6-7. 

Report that on  October 7,  1966,  a  contract was awarded to the  University  of 
Colorado to conduct a  scientific  investigation  of  UFO  sightings anc!  report 
findings  to  the  U, S.  Air Force,  with  recommendations for future  operations 
of  USAF's  Project Blue Book  UF'O  inquiry. 

2Hl 

UFO  study credibility cloud'?  Industrial research,  v.  10,  June 1963:  26-28. 

Commenting on  the controversy developing around the  University of Colorado 
project investigating unidentified flying objects,  Rep.  J.  Edward Rousch 
(D. -Ind.) is QU')ted  as noting that it ''raises great doubts as to the  scientific 
profundity and objectivity of  the  project."  Details of  the controversy are 
reported. 

UFOs again.  Ordrtance,  v.  51,  Mar. -Apr.  1967:  450, 

Announcement that  USAF  had awarded a  $313, 000 contract to the  University of 
Colorado for scientific evaluation of  UFO  phenomenon.  Project would be 
headed by Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon. 

UFO-watche~ watc)ler.  Newsweek,  'I.  69,  JI.far.  20,  1967:  Ill. 

Discussion of approach  planned by  Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon  in  implementing a 
study of the  UFO  phenomenon at the  University of Colorado under a  $313, 000 
USAF  grant. 

====================================
MISCELLANEOUS 

Authentic  music from  another planet.  Slate Re~ords 211  11957? 1  2 s  ~:::  in.  33  1 :3 

rpm  microgroove. 

Narration and  performance of  the Song from  Saturn by  Howard Menger. 
Includes the songs Marla and Theme from  the Song from  Saturn. 

Colorado horse death  ruled no  UFO  case.  The  UFO  investigator,  v.  4,  Oct.  1967:  4. 

NICA P  findings  in  the  case of  ''Snippy  the  horse," found  dead Sept.  9,  1967, 
under allegedly  mysterious circumstances.  Re  Jrt quotes Dr.  Robert Adam::;, 
an  expert on  horse diseases from Colorado State  University's College of 
Veterinary Medicine and  Biomedical Sciences,  as stating that he detected 
nothing unusual  or bizarre in connection with the death,  and  that "Snippy" 
probably died as a  result of a  severe hind  leg infection. 

Darby,  Christian.  World's first  UFO  murder case.  Argosy,  v.  365,  Dec.  1967: 

23-25,  60-63. 

It is  speculated that the deaths  of  two  men  found  atop a  hill  in  Niteroi,  Brazil, 
on  August  20,  1966,  may  have  been caused by  a  flying  saucer.  Crude eyeless 
lead masks lay  a  few  inches from  their faces;  there were no  signs of  a 
struggle; no  hint of foul  play. 

De  Tastelero,  Mira.  Flying saucers  in  the  movies.  Flying saucers from  other 

worlds,  June 1957:  40-43. 

Listing of known  flying  saucer films  through  1957. 

Evans,  Gordon  H.  What you don't know  about space.  Flying saucers,  Nov.  1963: 

16-32. 
Public  pronouncements  justifying the space programs or both the u. S.  and the 
U.S. s. R.  are inadequate,  states the author.  He speeulaies that the real 
reasons very likely involve  the  UFO  phenomenon. 

Gray,  Grattan.  The town  that believes in  flying  saucers.  11.iaclean's,  v.  80,  Mar. 

1967:  4. 

Describes  projected $14, 000 landing  pad for flying  saucers to be erected for 
Centennial celebration or  St.  Paul,  Alberta,  Canada. 

Herrmann,  Joachim.  Das  ials~he Weltbihl.  Stuttgart,  Kosmos Verlag,  Franckh' 

sche Verlagshandlung,  1962.  162  p. 

Fact and fiction  relating to  UFO  phenomenon are discussed . 

. Jones,  S.  H.  The Swedish ghost rockets.  Flying saucer news,  Summer 1955:  10-12. 

Analysis,  in  the  light of  recent knowledge and  events,  of the  many  UFOs  seen 
over Scandinavia in  the summer of 1946. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  The great UFO  controversy:  the Appaloosa from  Alamosa.  Fate, 

v.  21,  Mar.  1968:  34,  36-44. 

Proponents of  UFO  murder theory claim Snip1r1  the  horse fought  valiantly  but 
vainly when  attacked by something from  the  sky in September 1967. 

Merker,  Donald.  The  great UFO  controversy:  the Appaloosa from Alamosa.  Fate, 

v.  21,  Mar.  1968:  35,  45-52. 

Opponents of  the  UFO  murder theory  insist nothing w.:s  in  the sky but  stars when 
the  hone,  Snippy,  died in  September 1967  and  blame  mass  media for trumped 
up enigma. 

The  mysterious chunk of  hardware at Ottawa.  Topside,  Spring 1968:  1-4. 

On  June 12,  1960,  a  sonk boom  was  heard in  Quebec City,  Canada.  At  about 
the  same time,  a  fiery  object fell  out  of  the  sky,  splitting into two  pieces,  both 
of  which fell  into  the St.  Lawrence River about  20  mi.  upriver from  Quebec  City 
and  were  later recovered.  X-ray diffraction analysis  indicated the  unidenti-
fied objects consisted of  a  metallic face-centered cubic  compound,  with  a 
unit-cell dimension agreeing with  those of  austenitic  steel and  meteor!c  iron. 
The  semi-quantitative spectrographic analysis  showed there was  insufficient 
nickel  present for  the  material to be  of  meteoric origin;  the  subjrct was 
considered to be  of  terrestrial origin.  Subsequent laboratory experiments 
on  the  metal by  Wilbur  B.  Smith and co-workers resulted in  a  number of 
unusual  reactions  not  consistent with  the normal behavior of  terrestrial metal. 

Petersen,  Clarence.  Big money  in  swamp gas.  Book world,  Washington  Post, 

Sept.  10,  1967:  33. 

Author observes that  Paperbound Books  in  Print lists 30 titles currently avail-
able on  U::-'Os  and related subjects.  Discussed as examples are Edward J. 
Ruppelt's Report on  Unidentified Flying Objects;  Frank  Edwards'  Flying 
Saucers--Serious Business; Coral  E.  Lorenzen's  Flying Saucers:  The 
Startling Evidence of  liivasion from Outer Space;  John G.  Fuller's Iiictdent at 
Exeter and Interrupted Journey; and Harold T.  Wilkins'  Flying Saucers on 
the Attack  and Flying Saucers Uncensored. 

Smith,  Stephen  L.  The bent beams case.  BUFORA  journal and  buHetin,  v.  1, 

Autumn 1966:  4-5. 

Motorist nearly crashed off  the  road when  his car headlight beams suddenly 
appeared to bend  to the right.  Incident occurred Apr.  8,  1966,  in  Victoria 
State,  Australia.  As he stopped his car,  a  UFO  .vas  seen to rise out of  a 
nearby field. 

----- The bent beam~ case.  Flyinr; saucer review,  v.  12,  Sept-Oct.  J.966:  iii. 

Report that car headlight beams bent as automobile approached UFO on  road 
between  Bendigo  and St.  Arnaud,  Victoria,  Australia,  in April 1966. 

Sprinkle,  R.  Leo.  Personal and sci£ntific attitudes:  a  survey of persons interested 

in  UFO  reports.  Laramie,  Wyoming,  The  Author,  1968.  11  p. 

A questionnaire survey on  attitudes  towards  UFOs  was conducted among three 
groups:  26  Ph.  D.  faculty  and graduate students in a  university Psychology 
Departme11t;  59  graduate students enrolled in a  NDEA  Guidance Institute; and 
259  members of the National Investigations Committee on  Aerial Phenomena 
(NICAP).  It was hypothesized that there would  be no  differences  between  the 
scores of  the  three groups on  foe  Personal Attitude Sur.vey  (Form D.  Dogmatism 
Scale,  Rokeach,  1960)  and the  Scientific Attitudes Survey  (Sprinkle,  1962). 
Results showed significant differences (P:>  0. 001)  between  the  thr£:e  group::;  with 
respect to  their mean scores on  both  inventories,  with  the NI CAP  group 
scoring higher on  both "dogmatic" and "scientific''  inventories,  followed  by 
the  guidance group and the  psychology  group,  respecti·1ely.  Investigation was 
supported by  Grants-in-Air Committee,  Scoiety  for  the Psychological Study of 
Social Issues  (a  division  of  the  American Psychological Association). 

UFO terminology.  Cleveland,  Ohio,  Flying Saucer Digest,  11968 1 •  6  p. 

Vocabulary used  by  UFO  researchers. 

Wright,  Eric.  UFO  lands near pond  and the water freezes  in  50° weather.  National 

enqu.u.·:>1".  July 14,  1968:  32. 

Minutes  after a  UFO  was  seen landing on  Vashou  Island near Seattle,  Washington, 
a  pond  near the landing site froze although the  temperature was  50°F.  Incident. 
occurred Feb.  18,  1968. 

=============================================
BIBLIOGRAPHY 

Chartrand.,  Hobert L.  and  William  F.  Brown.  Facts about unideni:ified flying 
objects.  Washington,  D. C.,  Library of Congress,  Legislative Reference 
Se:-vice,  1966.  29  p. 

Includes the following:  descriptions of various types of UFOs;  trends in UFO 
activity;  historical sightings of aerial ;:>henomena;  identification of flying objects; 
U.S.  Government monitoring of UFO activity;  special studies of UFOs;  special 
briefings on  UFO activity;  public  reaction to UFOs;  USAF  Regulation 200-2. 

Jain,  Sushil K.  and Christine Horswell.  Twenty yea!'s of flying saucers:  a select 

list of interesting books and periodical articles published during 1947-1966. 
Tend~rdf:'n (Kent),  England,  Sushil Jain.  Publications,  1967.  18 p. 

U.S.  Library of Congress,  Legislative Reference Service.  Unidentified flying 

objec~~,  .:ielected  references ( 1966-1968).  Louise G.  Becker,  research 
assistant.  Science Policy Research Division,  Washington,  D. C. ,  July 22,  1968. 
4 p. 

Bibliography prepared with special emphasis on  books or articles of gener<.:.l 
interest,  stressing public concern. 

Page,  H.M.  Flying saucers ... a  bibliography.  Foxboro,  Mass.,  The Author,  1968. 

17  p. 

Lists UFO books and the sources f:-om  which they  may  be obtained as well as 
periodical articles,  1966-April 1968,  a  list of publishers and a  list of private 
UFO  research organizations. 

Sable,  Martin  H.  UFO guide,  1947-1967.  Beverly Hills,  Calif.,  Rainbow Press 

Co.  ,  1967.  100  p. 

Contains international lists of books and magazine al"ticles on  U F'Os,  fiymg 
saucers,  and life on  other planets; worldwide directories of flying saucer 
organizations,  professional groups ancl  research centers concerned with space 
research and astronautics;  a  partial list of sightings;  and an international 
directory of flying saucer magazines. 

Origin  of  Life 

Avenel,  Antony.  View  from Orbit 11.  London.  Werner  Laurie,  1957.  167  p. 

Part I deals with question of whether  life is designed or is a  chance occur-
rence.  Part ll is conce.::ned with ways  and  means  by  which  life  coult:I  be 
r~uiJed by  an outside  agency.  Part m considers the future  of  the  human 
race. 

Beischer,  Dietrich E.  Potentialities and ramifications of life  under  extreme 
environmental conditions.  Journal of aviation  medicine,  v.  29,  July 1958: 
500-503. 

Berget,  Alphonse.  The  appearance of  life  on  worlds  and the hypothesis  of 
Arrhenius.  In  The Smithsonian Institution.  Annual  report of the  board 
of  regents forthe  year ending June 30,  1912.  Washington,  u.  S.  Govt. 
Print.  0ff.,  1913.  p.  543-551. 

Conception of Svante Arrhenius  that life can be  carried from one  planet 
to another:  Germs swept away by  ascending air currents which  carry them 
to the  limits d  the  atmosphere are  repelled by  the  electrically charged dust 
that has penetrated there,  coming from suns  that have  driven it away by  the 
repelling pressure of  their radiation.  After  they have  arrived in space they 
attach themselves  to some straying grains of  dust  of greater dimensions than 
theirs  that are consequently capable of obeying the attraction  of  a neighboring 
planet rather than the  repelling force of  radiation;  they then penetrate into 
the  atmosphere  of  this  new planet and bring life to it,  if  life  has not  yet 
developed there. 

Briggs,  Michael H.  Terrestrial and extraterrestrial life.  Spaceflight,  v.  2, 

Oct.  1959:  120-121. 

Hypothesis for  or!gin of  life on earth is given  based on three  assumptions: 
(1)  intelligent life  existed somewhere in lhe universe  prior to the  beginning 
c,f  life on earth;  (2)  interplanetary flight is possible  by  these  intelligences; 

and (3)  lifeless earth was  \'isited by  ~xtraterrestrials who either 
deliberately  or  accidentally  left  microbes  behind when they departed. 
Variations of and objections to hypothesis  are given. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Chemical evolution.  In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed. 
Interstellar communication.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  1963. 
p.  33-77. 

From questions on  the nature and characterist!cs of life,  the author proceeds 
to hypotheses on chemical evolution and the establishment of an  environment 
conducive to  the origin of sell-replicating macromo!ecules.  Specul:ltiun on 
life  on  oth.1r planets,  life elsewhere in the solar system,  and life in the  ga-
lactic systems is  followed  by  a  discussion of man's place in  the universe.  Of 
the  two  hundre.1  million inhabitable planets in the  visible universe,  two  areas 
selected for attempt at interstellar communication (PNject Ozma) are Tau 
Ceti and  Epsilon Eridani.  Reasons are given for their selection. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Origin of  life  on earth and elsewhere.  Annals  of  internal 

medicine,  v.  54,  May  1961:  954-976. 

Traces  chemical evolution to the poi11t wha-e a  primitive organism is 
formed.  Applies this  reasor.i.ng  to question of wheth{!r we  are likely to 
find  that similar events have occurred elsewhere than on earth. 

Firsoff,  V.  Axel.  Life,  mind  and galaxies.  Edinburgh and London,  Oliver 

& Boyd,  1967.  111  p. 

Evidence is presented to show that life is  not a  freak occurrence in the 
universe of stars and nebulae,  but an integral part of  its general pattern, 
and will arise naturally from the  inorganic substratum wherever  and when-
ever  conditions  become  suitable for  it,  and, that these  may  be  suitable for 
life  of  a  different chemical order even though  unfit for  our type  of  carbo-
It is postulated that no  definite  boundary can be  fixed 
hydrate biology. 
between the organic and the inorganic world,  which  shade into each other 
by  imperceptible debrees. 

Gatland,  Kenneth W.  and Derek D.  Dempster.  The  inhabited universe. 

London,  Alan Wingate,  1957.  182 p. 

The  theme throughout the  book is that evolution is  constantly brin~i:-c: new 
forms of life  into existence an<.l  that creation is a  continuous  process.  Man 
is depicted as the  product,  not  merely of  a  limited biological development, 
but of  an i11herent facet of  cosmic evolutior .. 

Huang,  t1u-Shu.  Occurrence of  life  in  the  universe.  American scientist, 

v.  47,  September  1959:  397-402. 

Prerequisites for  the occurrence of  life,  especially in an advanced form, 
are discussed in the light of  current knowledge  of  the  stars and their 
evolution. 

Munitz,  Milton K.  Theories of the  universe from  Babylonian myth to 

modern science.  Glencoe,  Ill.,  The  Free Press,  1957.  43·7  p. 

Survey of  current trends in scientific cosmology against the  background 
of earlier effort.:<  anci  achievements.  Beginning with one  <'f  the earliest 
ventures in the form of  myth,  materials are included nxl:ibiting the 
principal stages of progress in cosmological inquiry from antiquity up 
to  the present time. 

Needham,  A.  E.  Origination of  life.  Quarterly review of  biology,  v.  34, 

Sept.  1959:  189-209. 

Formal solution of  main problems concerning the origination of  life  is 
attempted,  adopting as the fundamental  axiom the assumption that it was 
a  spontaneous  natural sequence of "most probable" events. 

Oparin,  A.  I.  Thi)  origin of  life  in space.  Space science review.  v.  3, 

July 1964:  5-26. 

Origin of life can be  attributed to evolution of carbon compounds.  On 
eartn three stages can be  traced:  (1) formation of  simple organic  com-
pounds s1Jch  as hydrocarbon and cyanides and their oxygen,  nitrogen,  sul-
fur,  phosphorus and other derivatives of  low  molecular weights;  (2) 
polymerization and condensation of  these compounds;  and  (3) formatie,,n  of 
multimolecular compounds.  First step is universal.  Second step is pos-
sible on celestial bodies  near  earth.  Final stage of formation of  complex 
living organisms in space seems possible but is still debatable. 

Sagan,  C.  On the origin and planetary distribution of  life.  Radiation  research, 

v.  15,  Aug.  1961:  174-192. 

Author discusses current opinion and speculation concerning the origin and 
early history of  liie on earth,  wlth  particular emphasis on the  role  that 
radiativn may have played,  and with application to  the  problem of  extra-
terrestrial Jfe. 

Sagan,  Carl.  The quest for  life  beyond the earth.  In  Smithsonian Institution. 

Annual  report of  the  board of  regents for  the  year ending  June 30,  1964. 
Washington,  D.  C.,  U.S.  Govt.  Print.  Off.,  1965.  p.  297-306. 

Questions ~n the possibility of extraterrestrial life and the origin of  life 
are discussed and alternative  interpretations of  available  data given. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  Planetary ecology (astrobiology).  In  Lectures in 

aerospace medicine.  Article  5.  Broo1'b  AFB,  Tex. ,  School of  Aviation 
Medicine,  1960.  p.  1-27. 

Chemistry of the planetary atmospheres in their present state is dis-
cussed,  including their origin and historical development. 

Tocquet,  Robert.  Lite  on  the planetr..  New  York,  Grove  Press,  Inc., 

1962.  192 p. 

Discusses problem of origin of  life  and  conditions  in which  i•  .:;an  cte-
v~lop on  earth and elsewhere.  Speculates on  what  man will dud when 
he  is able  to  ma.Ke  interstellar trips. 

Wald,  George.  Tne  origin oi  life.  In  Moment,  G.  B.,  ed.  Frontiers 

of  modern biology.  Boston,  Houghton  Mif.~ir.  1962.  p.  185-Hl2. 

Theories and accounts of  the  origin of  lifo from Gt!nesis  to  tne preaent 
are briefly delineated.  Van Helmont,  Redi,  Spallanzani,  Needham, 
Pasteur,  Mohler,  Darwin,  Haldane,  Oparin,  Miller, and Urey are cited 
as contriootors to development of  the  present state of  knowledge.  Author 
concludes that life has originated and evolved elsewhere,  that life  has a 
physical status in the universe,  and that as  men,  we  are  "matter that 
has  begun  to  contemplate itself. " 

Younghusband,  Francis.  The  living universe.  London,  John Murray, 

1933.  252 p. 

Author postulates that the  universe  is a  living universe and that the 
primordial germ of  life  appeared as  the  result of  the  inte.raction of  tile 
earth with  life  in the universe as a whole.  He  suggests that there  may be 
the  same  myriad forms  of  life  in different planets as there arc on  earth. 
All  life  is "derived from the  same original source,  and informed by  the 
same Spirit. " 

====================================
MANKIND EVOLUTION 

Avenel,  Antony.  View  from  Orbit II.  London,  We1·ner  Laurie,  1957.  167 p. 

Part I deals with  question of  whether life  is designed or is a  chance occurrence. 
Part II  is concerned with ways  and means  by which life could be  guided by  an 
outside agency.  Part m considers th&  future  of  the  human  race. 

Blum,  Harold  F.  Pers::>ectives  in evolution.  A:~1erican scientist,  v.  43,  Oct.  1955: 

595-610. 

Assuming life to exist on  other planets of  the  billion solar systems now  thought 
to  comprise the known universe,  the  author says the  next easy step is to  assume 
that our own  evolution here on  earth has been paralleled elsewhere. 

Buck,  Richard M.  Cosmic  consciousness.  New  York,  E.  P.  Dutton  and  Co.,  1901. 

384  p. 

Evidence is presented that there have been,  in the last three thousand years  of 
human history,  at  least fourteen undeniable  cases of  complete and permanent 
"illumination, "  and that  in  addition to  these,  there have been  many  instances of 
riartial,  temporary,  or doubtful  "illumination, "  several of  which  have occurred 
ctu~ing the past century.  Noting  the  inrreasing frequency of  the  experience,  th'.' 
author deduces that  very gradually  -- and,  sporadically  -- the human  race  is in 
the  process of  dC!veloping  a  new  kmd of  consciousness,  far  in advance  of  ordi-
nary human self-consciousness. 

Darwin,  Charles G.  The  next  mi11ion  years.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co., 

1953.  210 p. 

Attempt to determine whether laws  can be  laid down from which the  t-volution 
of humanity can be foreseen.  Discussion of the  chief qualities of  the  human 
animal  and char.ges that  .nay be expected in the species  homo  sapiens  in  the 
next  million years.  Implications extend to possible older extraterrestrial 
civilizations. 

Flammarion,  Camille.  l.~ysterious psychic forces.  Boston,  Small  Maynard and 

Co.,  1907.  466 p. 

Study  of psychical phenomena.  Author  concludes that  man has  in himself a  flu-
idic  and psychic force whose  nature  is still un .. 1mown,  but which  is  capable of 
acting at a distance upon  matter and of  mnving the  same.  This force,  the ex-
pression of  our will,  is both psychical and physical. 

Fry,  Daniel W.  The  curve of  de•;r~lopment.  Lakemont,  Ga.,  CSA  P:·inters and 

Publishers,  1965.  75  p. 

Outlines  development  of  the human soul  "thrrlUgh  stages of  increasing ability 
and  manifestation. "  Speculates  that there  may  be  other pianets where life,  in-
teliigence and spiritual  development have progressed beyond the  average level 
achieved on  earth; the earth human  may at some stage of  his development take 
up  residence on such an :idvancP.d planet where the en\l'ironment  is  more con-
ducive to  rapid progress. 

Gatland,  Kenneth W.  and Derek D.  Dempster.  The  inhabited universe.  London, 

Alan Wingate,  1957.  182  p. 

The  theme throughout  the book  is that  evolution is constantly bringing new  forms 
of  life  into existence and that creation is a  continuous process.  Man  is depicted 
as the product,  not  merely of  a  limited biological development,  but  of  an inher-
ent facet  of  cosmic evolution. 

Geley,  Gustave.  From the unconscious to tile  conscious.  New  York and  Lendon, 

Harper & Bros.,  1921.  327  p. 

Interpretation of  the  f~volution of the  individual  and  the universe.  Continuous 
development of the conscious is postulated as an evolutionary fact;  this co1.-
scious,  grown to  its full  stature,  will  be  able to transcend all its limitations, 
to attain what  is now  inaccessible,  to understand what  is now  incomprehensible. 

Krafft,  Carl  F.  Ether and matter.  Richmond,  Va.,  Dietz  Printing Co.,  1945. 

117 p. 

Defending the dynamic  ether and vortex atom  theory,  the authm·  be~ieves that 
all  phenomena of  the physical universe are only different  manifestations oi  :he 
various  modes of  moti.on  of  the all-pervading  ether.  He  refers to the  pan-
PE<Y!:h.ic  doctrine  that the  consciousness has its origin in the  ether.  The  ether 
would then be the common substrate of  both  mind and matter and would  have 
psychical as well  as physical attributes,  both  of  which would be  governed by 
sil~1ilar or analogous  laws and principl~s. 

Muller,  Hermann J.  Out  of the  ni~ht:  a  biol~ist's view  of the future.  New  York. 

',ianguard  Press,  1935.  127  p. 

Discussion of  the possible courses tha:  man's evolution  might  t<Jte. 

Slater,  Alan  E.  The probability of intelligent life evol\'ing on a  planet. 

In  VIIIth 

International Astronautical  Congress,  Barcelona.  1957.  Pr()('eedin~s.  Vienna, 
Springer-Verlag,  1958.  p.  395-402. 

Report trJ.ces briefly the evolutbn of the human species from  primitive life 
forms and shows that the  differentiati.:n1 that e\'entually led to man was far from 
inevitable.  Concludes that it seemF imµrobable  that othe:- forms  i..:f  intelli~ent 
life will  be found by voyagers  thrn~gh space. 

Smith,  S.  L.  The  problems of  exobiology.  Part II:  life in the  solar system. 

BUFORA  journal and bulletin,  v.  1,  Spring 1966:  13-18. 

Article discusses whether the processes that led to the evolution of man could 
have occi;r'!'ed beycnd the solar system. 

----- The problems of exobiology.  Part III:  life beyond the  solar syst~m.  DUFOHA 

journal and bulletin,  v.  1,  Summer 196fi: 

lv-14. 

Considers whether a  process similar to that which  led to th~ evolution of  man 
could !lave occurred beyond  the solar system;  and if not,  are there any ether 
possible chemical processes that could lead to an alien form  of  life? 

ORIGIN 

Barton,  Michel X.  Flying saucer revelations.  Los Angeles,  Futura Press, 

1957.  38  p. 

Discusses role of  interplanetary beings  in  man's origin and evolution. 
Considers stories of  contact between extraterrestrials and earth  men 
and the implications.  Reports on  flying  saucer sighting ·at  Giant  Rock 
Airport,  Yucca Valley,  (..alif.,  on Mar.  12,  1955,  during Interplanetary 
Spacecraft Convention. 

Becquerel,  P.  La vie terrestre prc·;:.cnt-elle d'un autre  monde?  Astronomie, 

v.  38,  1924:  393-417. 

Bible.  Old Testament Apocryphal  Books.  Enoch.  Transl.  by  R.  H.  Charles, 

London,  Society for  Promoting Christian Knowledge,  191'7.  154  p. 

Book of  Enoch,  especialif verses VI-XI,  is often cited as  an  historical 
ac~ount of  extraterrestrial influences  in  man's origin. 

Cnurchward.  James.  Cosmic forces as they werf:  taugnt in Mu.  New  York, 

The  Autnor,  1934.  246 p. 

Translations of fragments of tile  "Sacred Inspired Writings -- Scientific 
Se.:tion" written over 70,000  years ago on the  lost continent of Mu,  on 
which a  suµerior  civilization is  believed to have flourished. 

----- The  lost continent of  Mu.  N~w York,  Ives Washburn,  1931.  335 p. 

Information aoout  Mu  basel! on h  anslcitions of two sets of ancient tablets: 
(1)  U~e Naacal tablets discovered in lr.dia,  and {2}  stone tablets dis-
covered by  William Niven in  Mexico.  Some of the subjects embodied are 
an account of  the  creation in  minute detail;  life  and its origin; the origin 
a11d  workings  of  the  "four Great Cosmic  Forces"; and the  crealir·Y?  of 
woman.  Author asserts that bOth  sets ot  tablets establish that~~ one time 
earth had an ancient civilizatio11 which  was superior to our own and far  in 
advance of us in important essentials. 

The sacred symbols of  Mu.  New  York,  Ives  Washburn,  1939.  2Gti  p. 

Evidence  is p1·ese:1te-i  that all  religions  have  common origin in  Lemuria's 
sacred writings:  Moses  condensed "The 42 Questions" on the Osirian 
religion into our Ten Commandments;  the  Lord's Pi-ayer  and our Proverbs 
are ir.  the  sacred writings of Mu. 

Dewey,  Mark.  A  man from space  spea!<S.  Houston,  Texas,  The Author, 

1966.  38  p. 

A  philosophy  of  life  allegedly dictated to author  iJy  Amano,  a teacher on 
the planet  Mars,  dci'ing direct contact over a  five-year period.  Postulates 
that Martians are the  ancestors of terrestrials. 

Goble,  H.  C.  Atlantis sank later tnan you  think.  F<ite,  ~r.  10,  Aug.  1957:  19-24. 

Records  indicating that some remnants of  the  Atlantean continent  may have 
existed near the  Arctic  Circle as  late  as the  16th  century are cited by  the 
author.  He  also suggests that the  Greek navigator  Pythias,  the  only  man to 
sail to the  North  Country  between 400  B.  C.  and 500  A.  D.,  witnessed the 
final death throes of  the  sinking Atlantis.  [Atlantis  is thoug-ht  by  !.iOme  to 
have  been colonized by  extraterrestrials. l 

King,  George.  The  nine  freedoms.  Los  Angeles.  1'he  Aetherius Society,  1963. 

200 p. 

Gives a concise account of  man's coming to  earth,  why  he  is heN,  and why 
he  is  at the  bottom of  the  evolutionary  ladder in this solar system.  Out-
lines the  exact path  through evolution that  man  must take in order to become 
''God-man."  Reveals the  way  in which  man will eventually  attain the 
"glorious state  of  interplanetary existence. "  Information allegedly  de-
livered to author telepathically in nine  consecutive transmissions by  "a 
prominent  Master of unquestionable  Cosmic  Status." 

Mugle:-,  Charles  Deux  th~mes de  la cosmolo~ie grecaue:  devenir  cyclique et 

pluralit~ des  mondes.  ?aris,  Librarie  C.  Klincksieck,  1953.  22  p. 

Survey of Greeit literature for indications of a  belief in  the  extraterrestrial 
origin of  man and the existence of  intelligent life  tnrougnout the univt:rse. 

Murray,  Jacqueline.  Flying saucers and Atlantis.  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  5,  May-June  195'3:  18-19.  25 .. 

Author  po.:;tulates  that certa.in beings  who  had  been  incarnate on the 
planet Venus elected to  reincarnalr unearth to  assist with  its evolution 
and thus started the  civilization of  Atlantis.  Wilen Atlantis was des.troyed 
by cataclysms,  these Venusians  may have  be1rn  evacuated by  flying  saucers. 

Oliver,  Frederick S.  A dweller  Otl two  planets,  or The  dividing of the way,  by 

Phylos the  Tibetan.  Los Angeles,  Baumgardt Publishing Co.,  1905. 
423  p. 

High  attainments of  the  Atlanteans  before engulfment of  tneir continent are 
discussed.  Rediscov~ry of  Atlantean secrets is predicted and it is promised 
that  mankind will surpass Atlantis'  greatness.  Phylos tne  Tibetan allegedly 
dicated  manuscript telepathically  to  author. 

Sendy,  Jean.  Les dieux nous sont nes.  Paris,  Bernard Grasset,  1966.  343  p. 

Citing the  Bible  a.s  a  prime authority,  the  author postulates that the  "gods" 
were extraterrestrial beings who  came to earth to create  man.'{i.nd  and 
promote civilization and who  continue  to exercise  manipulativr  influence. 
Flying saucers,  the  miraclP.  of  Fatima,  evocations,  premonition,  pre-
cognition,  and other psychic and hallucinatory experiences are discussed in 
this  context. 

W.ttson,  S.  H.  The secrets of time and  space. 

In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The 
hidden world,  No.  A-9.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer Publications,  1963. 
p.  1536-1723. 

Allegories and  myths relating to origin of  mankind and of  earth's solar 
system are discussed in  terms of  author's personal beliefs. 

====================================
Solar  System 

GENERAL  REFERENCES 

Arrhenius,  Svante.  The destinies  of  the stars.  Transl.  by  J. E.  Fries.  New York 

and  London,  G. P.  Pub~am's Sons,  1918.  256  p. 

Collection of articles on  pre-history of  the  evolution of  the planets.  Included 
are (l)  Origin of Star-Worship;  (2)  The  Mystery  of  the :V:.ilky  Way;  (3)  The 
Climatic Importance of Water Vapor;  (4)  Atmosphere and  Physics of  the 
Stellar Bodies;  (5)  Chemistry of  the  Atmos9here;  (6)  The  Planet Mars; and 
(7)  Mercury,  the Moon,  and  Venus.  Translation of  Sjarnornas oden. 

Berger,  Rainer.  The solar system and extraterrestrial life.  In  . 

.:1.nces  in the 
astronautical  sciences.  v.  13.  North Hollywood,  Calif.,  Western  Periodicals 
Co.,  1963. 

Discusses current experimental results,  opm10n,  and speculation in  research on 
problem  of extraterrestrial life.  Theories on  chemical and  prebiological 
evolution  in  space are examined in  connection with theories on  origin of  life. 

BerriH,  Norman  John.  Worlds without  end:  a  reflection  on  planets,  life,  and time. 

New  York,  Macmillan,  1964.  240  p. 

Speculative  investigation  of possibilities of  life on  other planets:  nearest and 
best-known  planets  are compared with earth;  hypothetical  planets  similar to 
earth but with  one or another feature altered in  some manner are eYamined  in 
order to predict. how  familiar living things  might be  affecied;  life on  earth is 
evaluated to  determine which characteristics  may  be  ri:igardcd as universal 
under certain circumstances and which are Epecial;  and imaginative efforts of 
speculative writers to  conceive and describe creatures different from those 
known  to us  on  earth are presented. 

Bun,  Thomas  P.  and  Flavio A.  Pereira.  "Biospher1~ index," a  contribution  to the 

problem of determination of the  existence of  extra-rnlar planetary  biospheres. 
In  Vlllth International Astronautical Congress,  Barctlona,  1957.  Proceedings. 
Vienna,  Springer-Verlag,  1958.  p.  63. 

Authors  report that planets within  the sol;i~ sy~tem may  be  classified into 
three 5roups based on  probable existence of life by  comparative examination 
of regions of  the  solar ecosphere.  Biospheric  index for classification of  given 
planet within  indicated scale of groups  may  be  established by  comparison of 
spectroscopic abi;~rption lines. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Are we  alone in  space?  Discovery,  v.  24,  Apr.  20,  1963: 

27-29. 

Cramp,  Leonard G.  The cosmos--expanding or orbital'?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  7,  May-June 1961:  8-12. 

Author  proposes an original and topical theory  on  how the universe begar.. 

Da  Silva;  Renato I.  No  espaco 1.ao  e5tamos sos.  Sao  Paulo,  Edart,  1966.  213  p. 

Theories relating to possibility of  life on  the moon  and other planets  are 
summarized.  Parapsychologica!  phenomekta  of  mental  telepathy,  precognition, 
ESP,  premoni~ion, and  astral projection are discusse<l  ~they might relate 
to contact with extraterrestrial entities or intelligences. 

D1nvillier,  Alexandre.  L'origine des planetes; essai de  cosmogonie.  Paris, 

Presses  Universitaires de  Fran:::e,  1956.  224  p. 
scientifique) 

(Nouvelle collection 

Summarizes hypotlieses successively proposed to explain  the  origin of  our 
solar r,ystem.  Attempts to show that there are countless  unseen  planetary 
systems in  the  galaxy,  and that they only  result from  a  spei:ific  kind of 
stellar interaction. 

-----.  Sur la nature de  Pluton et de  Triton.  Academic  des Sciences.  Comptes 

rendus hebdom~daires des  seances,  v.  233,  Oct,  22,  1951:  901-903, 

De  Grazia,  Alfred,  ed.  The  Velikovsky affair:  the  warfare of  science and 

scientisrn.  New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y.,  University  Books,  1966,  260  p, 

In  1950,  Worlds  in  Collision  by  Dr.  Immanuel  Velikovsky  documented the 
evidence and  sequence of  castastrophes on  earth and  in  the  solar system.  His 
historical and  cosmological concepts constituted an  assault on  established theories 
of  astronomy,  geology,  and histcrical biology and  thereby gave rise to a 
controversy in  scienti.fic  and intellectual circles about  scientific theories and 
the sociology of  science.  This volume contains  papers relating to the  Velikovsky 
controversy by  Ralph  E.  Juergens,  Livio C.  Stecchini,  Alfred de Grazia,  and 
Immanuel Velikovsky. 

Drake,  W.  Raymond. 

Is our sun inhabited?  Flying saucer review,  v.  5, 

Nov. -Dec.  1959:  15-17. 

Author summarizes theori~s on  the nature of the  sun and  speculates that the 
heat and  light reaching earth from  it might be  provided by  methods other than 
nuclear explosion on  the sun  itself.  Habitability would  then  be within  the 
realm oi possibility. 

-----.  Mercury,  Jupiter,  and others:  can life exist?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  6,  Sept. -Oct.  1960:  18-22. 

Survey of  facts  and speculations on  possibility of  life on  Mercury,  Jupiter 
and  lesser known  bodies  in  earth's solar system. 

Ecosphere  may  shape life on  distant  planets.  Science nf:wsletter,  v.  8u,  Oct.  21, 

1961:  272. 

Harrison,  Philip.  The case for the  missing planet.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1967, 

16-18. 

Discussion of the thel)ry  that there was once  a  planet in  our solar system  between 
the  orbits  of  Mars <!nd  Jupiter.  The asteroid belt beyond  the  planet Mars 
might represent fragments  of this exploded  planet,  author speculates. 

Heard,  J.  F.  The  physical  nature of the  planets and their  probable course of 

evolution.  Canadian aeronautical journal,  v.  5,  May,  1959:  184-186, 

Hoyle,  Fred.  Man  in  the  universe.  New  York and  London,  Columbia  University 

Press,  1966,  81  p. 

In  astronomy,  the author says,  we  are faced  by  contradictions.  Not all the 
apparent data of the moment can be  correct; we  do not  know which fragments 
are right and  which  are wrong~  Because we  cannot experiment with the 
universe,  we  live in  a kind  of  shifting uncertainty,  shifting because as the 
years  pass the  balance  of  certainty of  a given  piece cf data changes, 

Huang,  Su-Shu.  The sizes of habitable  planeh;.  Publications of the Astronomical 

Society of  the  Pacific,  v.  72,  Dec.  1960:  489-493, 

Conditions  necessary for a habitable  planet are reviewed.  It is tentatively 
concluded that a  habitable planet most likely will  have a  radius lying  between 
1, 000  and  20, 000  km.  It is also suggested that the  rate of  biological 
evolution on  a  planet may  increase with  its surface area if  other conditions 
are equal. 

-----.  Some astronomical  aspects of life in  the universe.  Sky  and  telescope, 

v.  21,  June 1961:  312-316, 

Stellar life histories are briefly discussed as well as prerequisites for a 
life-supporting  planet. 
It is suggested that  most single stars of the  main 
sequence between  F5 and  K5  could  probably support life of  an  advanced form 
on  the planets revolving around them.  Temperature and atmosphere of 
Mars and Venus are discussed in detail and  speculations made as to  the 
existence of life there. 

Life on  other plao.ets  ~- what are the  possibilities?  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966: 

8-11. 

Summar;  ot current scientific data on  the  possibility of intelligent life on 
other planets  in  our solar system.  Reprinted from  the  BUFORA  (England) 
Journal and  Bulletin. 

Limits of organic life in  our  solar system.  American review of  i·eviews,  v.  43, 

Feb.  1911:  242-243. 

MJOre,  Patrick.  The worlds around us.  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman,  1956. 

157  p. 

Outlines conditions under which carbon-based life can survive and applies 
them to sun,  moon,  planets,  satellites,  and asteroids in the  solar system. 
Hypothesizing that this  is the only kind  of  life possible in  the  universe, 
author concludes that  men  on  earth are alone  in  the solar system.  Asserts 
that reports about visits to earth by  extraterrestrial spacecraft are only 
good stories. 

Munitz,  Milton K,  Theories of the  universe from  Babylonian myth  to  modern 

science.  Glencoe,  Ill.,  The  Free Press,  1957.  437  p. 

Survey of  current trends in scientific cosmology against the  background of 
earlier efforts and achievements.  Beginning with  one of  the  earliest ventures 
in the form  of  myth,  materials are included exhibiting the  principal  stages 
of  progress in  cosmological  inquiry from  antiquity up to the  present time. 

Ogden,  Richard C.  The  creation of the solar system.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  4,  July-Aug.  1958:  14-18. 

Author reveals that there are more than  nine  planets in our solar system  and 
gives locations  of three newly-discovered planets;  that our solar system 
contains  more than one asteroid belt;  and  gives  information on  how  man  can 
dei,  gravity and apply this knowledge toward building a  spacecraft that can 
maneuver outside  earth's atmosphere. 

Ovenden,  Michael.  Life in  the  universe.  Garden City,  N. Y.,  Doubleday,  1962. 

160  p. 

Recent discoveries in  biology,  chemis1;ry,  and  physics that may  provide  clues 
to  possibilities of life in Solar System  and  beyond are discussed,  T'~rrain 
and atmospheres of  Mars,  Venus,  Jupiter,  and Saturn are considered as 
well as  r>robability  of  similar conditions existing on  planets of other stars. 

Posin,  Daniel Q.  Life beyond our planet.  New  York,  McGraw-Hill,  1962.  128  p. 

Non-technical discussion of planets of Solar System,  consideration of whether 
life of any  kind exists on  them,  and discussion of ways  of communicating with 
these or planets of other solar systems. 

Rush,  J ose!ii H.  Life  in  the universe.  In  The dawn  of life.  Garden City,  N.  Y., 

Hanover House)  1957.  p.  188-217. 

Appraisal  of the possibility of  life ;in  the solar planets and beyond the  solar 
systell". 

Sagan,  Carl and W.  W.  Kellogg.  The terrestrial planets.  In  Goldberg,  Leo,  Armin 

J.  Deutsch,  and David  Layser,  eds.  Annual  review of astronomy and 
astrophysics.  v.  l.  Pa!o Alto,  Calif.,  Annual  Reviews,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  235-266. 

Assessment of what we  know  and what we  do  not  know  about the nearer planets. 

Sewall,  Frank.  Life  on  other planets ru;  described by  Swedenborg.  Philadelphia, 

Swedenborg  Scientific Association,  1911.  20  p. 

Discussion of  Sw~denborg's descriJtion of planets in  the  solar system and their 
inhabitants which he claimed to  have visited by  astral projection. 

Shapley,  Harlow.  The  probable environment on  other  planets.  In  Pirie,  N. W., 

ed.  The biology of  space travel.  London,  the  Institute of  BiOfogy,  1961. 
p.  107-ll6. 

Discussion topics includes: ozone  barriers,  the  lunar surface and atmosphere, 
cosmochemistry--the local sampling,  the Venus  greenhouse and  Martian 
deserts,  the origin of  life as one step in  cosmic evolution,  and  life  on  the 
Lilliputian  stars. 

Space visitors:  From which  planets do  they  originate?  Is there life:  on  them? 

Newnes  practical mechanics,  v.  24,  Jan.  1957:  203-204,  207~ 

Known  information on  the  planetary atmospheres and  physical conditions  of the 
planets is summarized for the purpose  of  establishing whether or not  life 
could be  sustained on  them. 
It is concluded that  even the worst apparent 
location as an  abode  of  life cannot be dismissed as entirely impossible. 

St1r1ghold,  Hubertus.  Planetary ecology  (astrobiology), 

In  Lectures  in  aerospace 

medicine.  Article  5.  Brooks  AFB,  Tex.,  School of  Aviation  Medicine,  1960. 
p.  1-27. 

Chemistry of  the  planetary atmospheres in  their present state is discussed, 
including their origin and  historical development. 

Strugholci,  Hubertus.  The possibilities of an inhabitable extraterrestrial  environ-

ment reachable from  the  earth.  The journal of aviation  medicine.  v.  28, 
Oct.  1957:  507-512. 

Ecologkal factors  indispensible for  the  existence of terrestrial forms of life 
are presented.  Each planet in our solar system  is e.xamined in the light of 
these factors.  and a  habih\lJility index obtained.  The possibility of life already 
existing on Mars is discussed. 

MARS 

Abbot,  C.  G.  The  habitability of  Venus,  Mars,  and other worlds. 

In 
Annual  report of the  Board of  Regents of the Smithsonian Institution 
for  the year ending  June  30,  1920.  Washington,  D.  C.,  U.  S.  Govt. 
Print.  Off.,  1922.  p.  165-171. 

Considers  the probability of the existence of  intelligent life on 
heavenly bodies  other than the  ea::-th  and discusses  means  of  com-
municating with the nearer planets. 

Aitken,  R.  G.  Why  povular inter€'st 

in  Mars:  Leailets of the  Astro-

nomical  Society of the  Pacific,  v.  2,  July 1925:  3-6. 

Antoncadi,  E.  M.  The planet Mars.  Sky,  magazine  of  cosmic  news, 

v.  31,  July  1939:  6-7,  22. 

Asimov,  Isaac.  The wellspriugs of life.  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman, 

1960,  233  p. 

In  so vast a  universe,  it  is possible there are billions of  "earth type" 
planets.  Mars is the only observable planet which  may providE  a 
hd.bitat  suitable for  life. 

Bennett,  Dorothy  A.  Men  from  Mars.  The  sky,  v.  3,  Dec.  1938:  8-9. 

Present knowiedge  of  conditions  on  Mars is reviewed to support author's 
certitude that a  Martian invasion is out of  the  question. 

Bongers,  Leonard H. 

Is  there life  on  Mars?  Space/aeronautics,  v.  40, 

Aug.  1963:  86-88. 

Possibility of life  on  Mars  is discussed in terms of the  Martian atmos-
phere and  in terms of  tile  hypothesis that tne  Martian surface  mark-
ings a re causert  by  vegetation. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Are  we  alone  in space?  Discovery,  v.  24,  Apr.  20, 

1963:  27-29. 

Various theories of  origin of  life  on earth are reviewed witn  reference 
to possible devel0pment of  similar life forms on other planets of  other 
solar systems.  Extraterrestriai origin of  life on earth (panspermia 
hypothesis)  is discussed critically from  moment of  a  spore's escape from 
another planet to  the  arrival on earth's surface.  Life on  Mars,  Venus, 
and other planets  is  briefly discussed.  Conclusion of  speculation is that 
intelligent life  does exist  in other parts of the universe. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Communication:  from  molecules to Mars.  In  A. I. B. S. 

Bull.,  v.  12,  Oct.  1962:  29-44. 

Current knowledge  of  chemical evolution on earth and the  generation of 
molecular communities which  give  rise to terrestrial organisms  is  re-
viewed. 
It is hypothesized that given a  corresponding set of  molecules, 
temperature,  and environment anywhere else in the universe,  a  simila:r 
sequence of  evolution  might have  occurred as on earth.  Mars is considered 
the  most  likely possibility for  organic  life. 

Cross,  C.  A.  Conditions on Mars. 

In  Gatland,  Kenneth  W.  ,  ed. 

Spacefli.ght today.  London,  Iliffe  Books,  Ltd.,  1963.  p ..  192-203. 

Purpose of chapter is to show how  knowledge  of  Mars  can be  deduced 
from what  is actually observed astronomically.  Author  suggests that 
well-established deductions,  which  can confidently  be  nccepted,  can then 
be  distinguished from co11flicting  hypotheses which await U1e  accumulation 
of  evidence  before  tney  can be  accepted or rejected. 

Cyr,  Donald  L.  Mars  revisited.  Philadelphia,  Dorr:rnce  &  Co.,  1959.  131  p. 

A concept is advanced to  aid in understanding the phenomenon of  the 
variable  sudace markings  of  Mars. 

DuckwE'll,  W.  E.  Life  in  Mars.  Popnlar  astronomy,  v.  49,  Nov.  1941: 

479-485. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  Soviet  scientists claim life  on 

Mars.  Fate.  v.  14,  Ap<.  1961:  40-46. 

Views  by  Soviet  scientists on  the  plurality of  i1111abited  worlds  are given. 
Among  those  who  feel that  Mars  is  inhabited by  intelligent beint:s  are V. 
Komarov,  lecturer at Moscow  planetariu.i1;  Dr.  M~rtynov,  direci.JJ"  uf 
tlu.1  Shternberg Astronomical Institute;  and  Prof.  N.  Zhirov. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report: what do  flying  saucers want? 

Fate,  v.  10,  Sept.  1957:  19-27. 

A scientist {who  asked to remain anonymoi:&)  theorizes that  beings from 
Mars are  transporting minerals  mined on the  moon  and water taken from 
the  earth bacit to  their own planet in  what we  call "flying saucers. " 

Ellerby,  Christopher.  Smcers from Mars?  Flying saucer  review,  v.  8, 

Sept. -Oct.  1962:  16-18. 

Mars,  with Wea.Ker  gravity than  the  eartil's,  may nave permitted plant 
and  rinimal  life to grow  alwcst three times the  normal size of  that on 
earth at a  time when Martian surface conditions were  more favor~ble. 
Martian evolution  may very well have  developed almo1't tnree times as 
fast as evolution on earth,  thus permitting adv:i.r • ..:ed forms  of life  to arise 
on  Mars and to protect themselves from the  harsh conditions that now  pre-
vail. 

L'l!trange histoire des  satellites de  Mars.  PMnomenes spatiaux,  Feb. 

1965:  9-15. 

Comments on speculation that the  two  satellites of  Mars,  Phobos  and 
Deimos,  are artificial and were  made  by  intelligent  beings. 

Evans,  Gordon H. 

Image orthicon photographs  of  Martian canals.  Flying 

saucer  review,  v.  12,  July-Aug.  1966:  7-9. 

Discusses an image  intensification technique  for  photographing 
the  Martian canal system. 

Evans,  Gordon H.  Three unsolved Martian  mysteries.  Fate,  v.  17, 

June  1964:  27-33. 

Author  postulates that the  case for  an advanced Martian civilization is 
almost better than the  case  for  simple vegetable life fo~·ms.  He  dis-
cusses the  canais,  the  motion of  Phobos,  and  speculat~s tnat the violet 
iayer of the  Martian atmosphere  might be  an artifically-produced shield 
against ultraviolet light.  He  s1Jggests  that the  discrepancy  between opti-
cal and dynamical oblateness of  Mars could be  explained by  a  dome  or 
roof  built over the  planet by  its inhabitants. 

Evergreens will greet visitors in Mars.  Science digest,  v.  18,  Nov. 

1945:  88. 

Gaston,  Henry  A.  Mars  revealed;  or,  seven days  in the  spirit world.  San 

Francisco,  The  Author,  1880.  208  p. 

Account of  trip to  Mars by  astral projection with  descriptions of  its 
scenery,  people,  customs,  educational institutions,  religion,  and laws. 

Goddard,  Jimmy.  What  Mariner IV  saw.  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1966:  12-17. 

Studies of  pictures of  the  Martian surface sent baci:t  by  Mariner IV  seem 
to  reveal symmetrical formations.  Reprinted from Orbit,  journal of  the 
Tynside,  Engl~nd,  U.  F.  0.  Society. 

- - -

Gossne1·,  Simone  D.  Life  may exist on  Mars,  but  mistranslation made  the 

canals.  Natural histm·y,  v.  72,  Apr.  1963:  56-57. 

C:aman,  Peter.  Do  the  cherubim come from  Mars?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  13,  Sept  -Oct.  rn')7:  19-21,  29. 

On  Apr.  24,  1964,  Gary Wilcox,  wno  was  working nis farm  in  Newark 
Valley,  N.  Y. ,  allegedly saw a UFO  land in a  nearby field.  The  crew 
were two  humanoid 4-ft. -tall entities who  wer~ holding specimens of  soil 
and sod,  said they  were from Mars,  and who  expiained that although t11ey 
had been obtaining their food  from the  atmosphere,  they had to find  a way 
to  rehabilitate  their  soil to  raise food.  Author  suggests that  "food taiten 
from the  atmosphere" might be  analogous  to the  celestial manna  described 
in the  Bible  in  Exodus;  the angels  involved  in  this  manifestation were the 
cherubim and therefore  may  have  come from Mars.  The  entities also said 
there  would be  coming changes in the universe  which  would  affect our sofar 
system and that Mars  may  be where .:::arth  is now.  Author  draws  a parallel 
between thla  information and Velikovsky's theory in Worlds  in  Collision. 

Gould,  Rupert R.  Enigmas.  New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y. ,  University  Books, 

1965:  248  p. 

Information about  mysteries which  have  not  been resolved  up  to  the present 
day.  Evidence that there were once  giants  on  the  earth and that relates to  the 
probability of  intelligent life on  Mars is discussed. 

Horowitz,  Norman.  Is there life  on  other planets?  Engineering and science, 

v.  24,  Mar.  1961:  11-15. 

Possible existence on Mars and Venus  of  terrestrial form of  living matter 
based on  prcteins and nucleic  acids  is discussed. 

Jackson,  F.  and P.  Moore.  Possibilities ,Jf  life  on Mars. 

In  Mamikunian, 

Gregg and M.  H.  Briggs.  Current  aspects of  exobiology,:- Pasadena,  Calif., 
Jct Propulsion Laboratory,  1965.  p.  243-259. 

Conch:.sion  that  Mars  may  bear  indigenous  orgamsms of  some ltind is based 
on  following  observational arguments:  (1)  the  various colors,  including green, 
exhibited by  the  dark areas;  (2)  the  seasonal changes  in  the visual albedo  and 
polarization of  the  dark areas;  (3)  the  ability  of  tile  dart<  areas to  regenerate 
after an extensive  "dust st:>rm";  the  presence of  2700-30QQCm-l  absorption 
bands,  attributed to  organic  molecules. 

Laine,  Juliette.  Gullivers'  two  moons  on  Mars.  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957: 

43-44. 

Mars' two satellites were first viewed astronomically in  1877  by  Asaph 
Hal!  but  had been acc•Jratcly desc&ibed in 1726--151  years earlier-- by 
Jonathan Swift  in Gullivers'  Travels. 

Levin,  G!llx>rt  V.  •  Alleu H.  Heim,  John R.  Clendenning,  and Mary- Franc is 

Thompson.  Gulliver--a quest for  life on Mars.  Science,  v.  138,  Oct.  12, 
1962:  114-121. 

The  "Gulliver" device 1Jtilizing a  radioisotope technique to  det~ct exotic 
forms  of life  on Mars is discussed.  Tits  instrument would be  incorporated 
in a  NASA-launched space probe.  Data collection and  analysis  tecnniq1.1es 
are dr , l  :ibed. 

Ley,  Willy.  The history of  the concepts about  Mars. 

In  Morgenihaler, 

George W.  ,  ed.  Exploration of  Mars.  Norta HollyW'Cod,  Calif. ,  Western 
P;!riodicals Co. ,  1963.  p.  435-445  (Advances  in the  astronautical sciences, 
v.  15) 

Evolution of  man's  ideas and  t  ·1icepts  about  the planet Mars  is traced from 
the time of t11e  ancient Greexs to  the  present.  The  fanciful  planetary trip 
concepts of early fiction and 17  century chronicle are surveyed  Astronomical 
writings describing the  controversies over the  "canals" and t.1e  existence 
of  life forms  on Mars a!.so  are examined. 

Liss,  Jeffrey.  The  problem of life on Mars.  Fate,  v.  16,  Aug.  1963:  39-47. 

Hypothesis of plant phvsiologist  Dr.  Frank H  Salisbury that organisms 
similar to higher  terrestrial plants  iive  in abundance on  Mars,  is reviewed. 

Lowell,  Percival.  Procifs of  life  on Mars.  Century.  v.  2.  76,  June  1908: 

29::i-303. 

Marshall,  James S.,  ed.  The planet Mars and its irn1abitants,  liy  Eros  Ur ides 

(a Martian).  Chico,  Calif.,  James  E.  Marshall,  1956.  3'1  p. 

_·J.1  aspects of  life on Mars are discussed.  Information written down  by 
J.  L.  Kennor..  as given  by  a  deep trance  mediura allegedly controlled  by  a 
Martian,  Eros  Urides.  First publis'1ed in  1920. 

Michel,  Aime.  Do  flying  saucers originate from Mars?  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  6,  Mar. -Apr.  1960:  13-15. 

Evidence  supporting theory that  intelligent life exists on  Mars  and  that some 
UFOs  may originate there  is  reviewed. 

Mundo,  Laura.  Pied pii.'Jer  from outer  space.  Los  Angeles,  The  Planetary 

Space  Center Wc>rking  Committee,  1964.  152  p. 

Author descrilJes alleged visit to Mars and philosophical,  political,  and 
educational  institutions there.  Her  ''guide" 011  the  visit discusses earth's 
past history,  role in God's  plan,  and ultimate destiny. 

Nelson,  Albert  F.  Tnere is  life on  Mars.  New  YorK,  Citadel  Press,  1955. 

140 p. 

Author  considers  the  possibilities of  life occurring on  Mars  and other 
planets throughout  the  universe under  conditions with  wnicn  \\-e  are 
familiar  and  based on the  assumption that similar  conditions  are essential 
wherever life  is to gain a  hold. 

Norman,  Ernest L.  The  truth about  Mars.  Los  Angeles,  New  Age  P;,.blish.ing 

Co. .  1956.  61  p. 

Account  of  trip lo  the  planet Mars  by  astral projection and description of 
population,  physical features,  and socio-cultural-economic  institutions. 

Norman.  Marke  A.  Many  shall be  called.  El  Monte,  Calif.,  Understanding 

Publishing Co.,  1959.  103  p. 

Messages allegedly  received by  author through  thought  impression from 
\\hat he  believes to  be  an  interplanetary space patrol craft from  ancther 
dimension arP.  related.  Catastrophies  on earth are prophesied and prep-
aration advised. 

Oparin,  Aleksandr  I.  and V.  Fesen1rnv.  Life  in the  universe.  New  York, 

l\vayne  Publishers,  Inc.,  1961.  245  p< 

On  basis of  most  recent information in  natural science,  author  discusses 
probability of  universal existence  of  life-bearing planets,  with  special at-
tention  to  Mars and Venus.  Translation of  Zhizn'vo veselennoI (Moscow, 
1956). 

Opposition flap  1965.  Flying  saucer review.  v.  11.  May-June  1965:  3-6. 

Report that  UFO sighting apparently increased during opposition of Mars 

Palmer,  Ray.  Mars'  moons  artificial.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1959:  13-15. 

Scientific  fact  is given to support theory that the  tw'J  moons  of  Mars, 
Phobos  and  Deimos.  are artificial  satellites  made  by  intelligent beings. 

Pittendrigh.  Colin S ..  Wolf Vishniac,  and J.  P.  T.  Pearman.  eds.  Biology 

and  the  exploration of  Mars.  Washington,  D.  C.,  National  Academy  of 
Sciences--National Research Cou·1cil,  1966,  516  p. 
1296) 

(NAS-NRC  Publication 

Report of  a  study held under  auspices of  the  NAS-NRC  Space  Science 
Board.  Contains  a  gener:.i.l  summary chapter  and  29  technical papers by 
various participants. 

Pittenger,  Norman W.  Christianity and the  man o:i l\t.ars.  C!uistian century, 

v.  73,  June  20,  1956:  747-748. 

Quiroga,  R.  A.  La conquista de  los grandes planetas.  Revista  Nacional de 

Aeronautica Espacial,  v.  21.  Jan.  1961:  8-9. 

Discussion of  the  atmospheric and other characteristics of  Mars and V .!nus 
which are of  importance 'hilh  respect to their  habitability.  The  "population 
explosion'' on earth is  noted and the possibi!ity of colonizing other planets 
is considered briefly,  as is the possible existence there of  living  beings 
resembling  man. 

Rea,  D.  G.  Evidence for  life  on  Mars.  Nature,  v.  200,  Oct.  12,  1963: 

114-116. 

Author  states that while observations of seasonal changes on Mars seem 
to  favor the probability of  organic life,  he  [irefers an  inoq~anir explana-
tion involving appropriate combinationG of  volcanic  ash,  lava,  and winds. 

Rember,  Winthrop A.  Eighteen visits to  Mars.  New  York.  Vantage  Press, 

1956.  439  p. 

Narrative of  journeys to,  and exploration of  the  planet  Mars,  Oct.  6, 
1892-Sept.  16,  1894.  Througn a  phase of  mediumship called ''semi-
automatism," discarnate spirits ciictate observations and expederwes. 
Based on Sara Weiss' Journey to  the  Pianet Mars;  or Our  Mission to  Ento, 
Rochester,  N.  Y.  ,  Austin Publishing Co. ,  19()5. 

Russian report:  Is there life  on  Mars?  Fate,  v.  13,  Apr.  1960:  27-33. 

Theories and data are presented supporting the  view that  conditions  favor-
able to carbon-based life  might  exist on  Mars.  G.  A.  Tikhov,  correspond-
ing  member  of  the  U.S. S. R.  Academy of Science,  photographed Mars 
through colored heliofilters,  obs~rveci the changing colors through  the  seasons, 
and concluded that  they parallel  the changing colors of  the evergreen taiga  in 
Siberia.  He  also concluded that  if vegetati...m  exists  on  lV&ars  it does  nc;t  show 
presence of  chloroJJhyll  but  !)hotographs  white as do  earth's Arctic plants. 
Translate<J from  A Guest from  the  Cosmos by  Aleksandr l<azantsev,  Moscow, 
House  of  Geograµhical  Littrature,  1958. 

Sagan,  Carl.  Biological exploration of  Mars.  In  Morgenthaler,  George W .. 
ed.  Exploration of Mars.  Nortil  Hollywood.Calif.,  WJstecn  Periodicals 
Co.,  1963.  p.  571-581  (Advances  in  the  astronautical sciences.  v.  15} 

Present evidence  strongly  suggests,  00.t  does  not  conclusively  prove,  that 
life  exists on  Mars,  the  author  states.  He  notes tnat  intercomparison of 
Martian and terrestrial organisms,  botn  on  the  biochemical and on  t;ic 
morphological levels,  can  provide  a  general  perspective wi1ic11  is eurrently 
laci{ing  in  biology  because  all the  life forms  known  to  date  have  probably 
evolved from  a  sing~e instanc€' 

foe  origin of  life. 

Sagan.  C.i.rl  and W.  W.  Kellogg.  The  atmospheres of Mars and Venus. 

Washington,  D.  C ••  National  Academy of Sciences  - National Researcn 
Council,  1961.  151  p. 

(National Research Council.  Publication 944) 

Discusses in detail lhe  state of  our  knowledge  and some of  the  controversies 
concerning planetary atmospheres and explores experimental approaches  most 
likely to  lead to the  resolution of  these controversies.  An  expanded summary 
of  a  report by  the  Ad  Hoc  Panel on  Planetary Atmospheres of  the  Space 
Science  Board,  National Academy of Sciences. 

Salisbury,  Frar.k.  The  inhabitants of  Mars.  Engineering anJ science,  v.  18, 

Apr.  1955:  23-32. 

Evidence for  the existence  of  life on  Mars is given.  The  influence  of  the 
Martian environment on foe  form this  life  may ta.ce  is discussed,  and 
problems demanding further  investigation presented. 

Schiaparelli,  G.  V.  Mars den  gidefulde  planet.  {Oversat af E.  Slej.] 

Randers,  Denmark,  UFO-NYTs  Forlag,  1965.  73  p. 

Surface features of Mars,  especially its "canals, '' are discussed as  pos-
sible indications of  intelligent life on that planet.  Translation of article 
entitled "Uber die  beobarhteten Erscheinungen auf der OberfHtche  des 
Planeten Mars" in Himmel und Erde.  v.  1,  1889. 

Serviss,  Garrett P.  Curiosities of the  sky.  New  York,  Harper &  Bros., 

1909.  268  p. 

A broad,  general view  of  the  chief  mysteries and problems of  astronomy 
is given;  possibility of  life  and intelligence on  the  moon and on  Mars is 
discussed. 

Shaple1,  Harlow.  The  probable environment on  other planets.  In  Pirie, 

N.  W ..  ed.  The  L~ology of  space travel.  London,  The  Institute of 
Biology,  1961.  p.  107-116. 

Discussion topics  include:  ozone  barriers,  the  lunar  surface and  atmos-
phere,  cosmochemistry--the  local  sampling,  the Venus  greenhouse  and 
Martian deserts,  foe  origin of  life as  one  step in cosmic evolution,  and 
life  on  the  Lilliputian stars. 

Shneour,  Elie A.  and  Eric  A.  Ottesen,  comp.  Extraterre1:..trial  life:  An 

anthology  and  bibliography.  Washington,  National  Academy  of  Sciences--
National  Research Council,  1966.  478  p. 
Publication  1296A) 

(National Research Council. 

Supplement to  "Biology  and  the  Exploration of  Mars, "  report of  study 
under  auspices of  Space Science  Board and published as NAS-NRC  Publi-
cation  lrn6.  Contains  selected  papers,  including Mariner  IV  and  sound-
ing  rocket observations of'  Mars  made  in 1965,  and bibliograp11y  of  2,000 
selcct:::d references to  world literature publislled through  mid-1964  witil 
addendum  of  papers published from I.hat  date  throug;,  late  1965. 

Siegal,  S.  M.,  L.  A.  Halpern,  C.  Giumarro,  G.  Henwick,  and G.  Davis. 
Martian biology:  the  experimentalist's approach.  Nature,  v.  19'7,  .Jun. 
26,  1963:  329-331. 

Reports  tests showing tnat complex terrestrial organisms  survive  and 
grow under  conditions constituting extreme departure  from  normal ter-
restrial environment.  Concludes tnat environments encountered duri!1g 
futur(:  explorations of solar syst«:m which  are  not  too  extreme  relative  to 
earth--those expected on  Mars,  for  example--may  support re;:.dily  recog-
nizable  life  f')rms. 

Sigm:et.  B.  La vie  sur  mars.  ..·:i~nomenes spatiaux,  Dec.  1965:  3-7. 

Review  of tneories relating to  possibility of  life on  Mars.  Data from 
Mariner IV  is  considered. 

~inton,  William M.  Evidence  of  tn.e  existence of  life  on  l\fars. 

In  Morgentllaler. 

George W.,  ed.  Explanation of  Mars.  North Hollywood,  Calif.,  Western 
Periodicals  Co.,  1963.  p.  543-551. 
v.  15) 

(Advances  in the  astronautical  sciences. 

Observatior&al  evidence  that  bears on the  supposed existence  of vegetation 
in the  dark regions  of the  planet Mars  is discussed.  The  temperature 
measurements  of  Mars  are presented  be~ause.  although they do  not  giv<! 
any  direct  st~pport to  the  existence of  vegetation,  they  do  have  a  bearing on 
the  natm·e  of the  vegetation if such is present.  From the  temperature obser-
vation it is  concluded that plants  are liKely to  be  shaped liKe  cactuses. 

Smoluchowski.  R. 
1955:  94e-947. 

Is  there  vegetation  on  Mars?  Sdence,  v.  148.  May  14, 

Stevens.  Stuart.  Sighting peaks  and planetary oppositions.  Flring saucers, 

Aug.  1966:  20-21. 

Author  suggests the  UFO  sighting peaks  between  the  Martian oppositions 
migrt  mean there  is  also an opposition w:we  for  other planets  in  our  solar 
system.  Reprinted from  Orbit,  journal ·,)f  the  Tyneside,  England,  U.  F. 0. 
Society. 

- -

The  struggle for  existence on the  planet  Mars.  Current opinion,  v.  54, 

Jan.  1913:  40-42. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  The  ecological profile of  Mars:  bioastronauticai pros-

pect.  Advances  in  the  astronautical  sciences,  v.  15,  1963:  543-551. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  Life  on  Mars  in view of  physiological principles. 

In  Epitome  of  apace  medici.ne.  Article 3.  Brooks  AFB,  Tex.,  Schoo.! 
of  Aviation  Medicine.  1958.  p.  1-8. 

Problem of extraterre!'trial life  is discussed in the  lignt of curr<?nt 
physiological experience.  Particular attention is given the  environmental 
factors of temperature  and oxygen  because of tneir close interrelation in 
biological processes.  Speculation is advanced on the possibility of life on 
Mars and Venus. 

Etrughold,  Hube1·tus.  Physiological considerations on the possibility of  life 

In MarbHger,  John P.,  ed.  Space 
under  extraterrestrial conditions. 
medicine.  Urbana,  Ill. ,  Universityof Illinois  Press,  1951.  p.  31-48. 

Environmental  conditions  are discussed under  which  life  as  \Ve  know  it 
can exist.  It is concluded that from the  standpoint  of temperature,  Mars 
and possibly Venus  are  tne  only planets,  apart from earth,  which at pres-
ent possess the  prerequisites.  From the  i;tandpoint of vital oxygen pres-
sure,  man and animals except  those  of ''1e  very lowest species can be 
excluded from  life  on  M:1rs  witl1  certainty. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  The  possibilities of an inhabitable extraterrestrial en-

vironment  reachable from  the  earth.  The  journal of  aviation medicine, 
v.  28.  Oct.  195'7:  507-512. 

Ecological  factors  inc!ispensible  for  tne existence of terrestrial forms  of 
life  are presented.  Eacn planet in  our  solar system is examined i.n  tne 
lignt  of  these factors,  and a  habitabiiity  index obtained.  Tne possibility 
of  life  already  existing on Mars is discus<>ed. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  Synopsis of  Martian life  theories.  In  OrC:way, 

Frederick I.  III.  ed.  Advanc-es  in  space science and technoiogy.  v.  9. 
New  York and London.  Academic  Press,  19fi7.  p.  105-122. 

i.~onsidering all the  physJcochemical and  biological factors  and their 
interrelations.  and particularly the  adaptability of life to adverse  con-
ditions  and the effect of  living  matter upon the  soil,  it is concluded that 
the occurrence of  life on Mars is  more  in the  i·ealm of probability than 
of  possibility. 
sent an ecological  system,  or ecosystem,  but of  a  level far  below  that 
found  on earth. 
in terms of  carbon biology  and geocentric  analogy,  the 
conclusion is justified that the  dark surface  area can be  of a  biospheric 
nature. 

'fhe dark areas on the  Martian surface  might indeed repre-

Sytinskafo..  N.  N.  Est'  Ii zhizn'  na drugikh  planetakh [Is  there  life on othe~ 
!V1oscow.  Gosudarstvennoe  izdatel  'stvo k'1l 'turnoprosvetitel'noi 

planets ·.J 
literatury.  1952.  64  p. 

A lecture calling - primarily with  life  on  Mars and other  planets.  The 
author  concludes  that  it  is quite  probable that vegetation exists  on other 
planets.  citing tne  Russian astrunomer.  G.  S.  Tiknov,  who  has  indicated 
that  tne  color  of  polar  caps  on  Mars  is greenish,  not  white,  an evidence of 
vegetation,  and that the  melting  ice  and  snow  produce 
the  water  necessary 
to  sustain  life. 

Thomas,  Dorotny.  Life  on  Mars according to  tne  great  mystics.  Los Angeles,  New  Age  Publishing  Co.  ,  19;  8.  9  p. 

Account of  life  on  Mars as  gi\'en by  the  mystics Jacuh Lorber,  C.  W. 
Leadbeater,  Andrew  J.  Davis.  and  Flower  Newhou&e. 

Tikhov,  G.  A.  Reaching for  the  stars.  Moscow.  Foreign  Langua~es Publisi1-

ing House,  1962.  152 p. 

Basic principles of  astrollotan)  are discussed and developme11l  of  tllis 
science into astrobiology.  Author  explains  how  optical properties  of 
terrestrial plants  growing  in  rig~rous dimates C'nabled  scientists  to 
draw comparisons  between them and tw·.  ·1.·  :if  M;u·tian  areas  believed to 
be  patches of vegeta!.ion.  Translation of  V p1·ost1>rakh vselcnnoT. 

United States report:  Is t11ere  life  on  Mars?  Fate,  v.  13,  May  1960:  27-34. 

Discoveries and con-::lusions  of  U.  S.  scientists  regarding life  on  Mars 
are presented.  Research cited is by Harlow Shapl€y,  Thomas Gold, 
Melvin Calvin,  Otto Struve,  and  Herman J.  MuHer. 

Vall~e,  Jacques and Janine Vall~e.  Mars and the  flying  saucers.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  8,  Sept. -Oct.  1962:  5-11. 

Study of  the  periodicity of  the flying  saucer phenomenon  in its  correla-
tion with the  oppositions  of  Mars. 

Von  Braun,  Werner.  Mars:  arc its canals full  of  water;  is tnere really 

life there?  Popular  science,  v.  183,  Aug.  1963:  18. 

Weiss,  Sara.  Journeys  to the  planet Mars; or Our  mission to  Ento  (Mars). 

Rochester,  N.  Y.,  Bradfo.rd  Press,  1903:  548  p. 

Narrative of  journeys to  and exploration of  "planet astronomically known 
as Mars" transcribed automatically while  author was  alleged by controlled 
by  cliscarnate spirits. 

Wellman,  Wade.  Phobos and Deimos:  an  inquiry.  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  9,  May-June  1963:  26-27. 

Information is considered suggesting tilat  Phobos  and Deim0s,  Mars' 
moons,  could be  artificial space  stations  launched !nto orbit by  the 
race of  beings  responsible  for  the  UFO  phenomenon. 

· 

What's stirring on  Mars?  Franco-U. S.  findings.  Newswee1<:,  v.  68,  Oct.  31, 

1966:  66. 

Why  are we  keen <>.bout  Mars?  Lit~rary digest,  v.  86,  Aug.  22,  1925:  lJ. 

Wilks,  Willard and  Rex  Pay.  Quest for  Martian  life  re-emphasized. 

Technology  week,  v.  18,  June  6,  1966:  26-28. 

Zenabi,  J.  El  misterio de  los discos voladores.  Santago de  Chile,  The 

Author,  1953.  77  p. 

Account of author's alleged contact with  landed flying  saucer and its Martian 
crew and trip to Mars aboard spacecraft.  He  describes  in detail physical 
features  of  Mars.  its science,  culture,  and political institutions.  Experience 
reportedly took 11lace  In September  1952. 

=====================================
MOON 

Abelson,  Philip H.  Extraterrestrial life. 

In  U.S.  National Academy of 

Sciences.  Proceedings.  v.  4·7,  Apr.  15-:-1961:  575-581. 

The  paper reviews  some of  the  cogent  iimitations on life  as we  know  it 
and examines  some of the  fundamental  reasons these  limitations exist. 
A discussion of features  of  planetary and lunar  environments which 
strongly contraindicate  the  presence of life follows. 

Anders.  Edward.  The  moon as a  collector  of  biological  material. 

Science,  v.  133.  Apr.  14.  1961:  1115-1115. 

After  conside~·ing the  idea tirnt  the  moon  migilt  serve as  a  repository 
for  microorganisms from outside  tlie  solar  system,  the  author  con-
cludes that  although terrestrial  microorganisms  might be  found on the 
n1oon.  extra-solar-system biota would  be  undetectable. 

Cyr.  Guy  .T.  Are  there  humanoids  in space?  Flying saucers,  Aug.  1967: 

12-14. 

Author  hypothesizes that the  moon's  so-called ''crust" is  'lctually the 
filamentous,  closely .Knitted.  microphyllous  foliage  of various flourishing 
florae  held up  to the  sun for  energy and meteoritic fertilizer.  This  "crust" 
also serves as a  global.  protective  roof for  the  superintelligent sentient 
beings who  live under it and who  ar2 among the  various  kinds of extra-
terrestrials exploring our  world. 

Da  Silva.  Renato I. 

213  p. 

No  es pa'-,  •  : .. .i  ~ L;w.111ub  bOS.  bao  Paulo  Edart,  1966. 

/ 

"' 

Tl1eories  relating to  possibility of  life  on  the  moon and other planets 
are  summarized.  Parapsychological phenomena of  mental  telepathy, 
precognition.  ESP.  premonition,  and  astral projection are discussed as 
they  might  relate  to  contact \\. ith extraterrestrial entities  or  i11te!ligences. 

Ed\\ ai·ds,  Fr:i. •. k.  h·an:{  Edwards'  report:  from  the nilb of t11e  moon.  Fate, 

v.  11,  Ap:-.  1958:  59-65. 

Tlie  question  is  raised as  to  v..1elher  the  "nills" or  ''domes" current!)' ob-
served  i:l increasing:  numbers  on  t:w  moon  are  natural  or  artifieial objects. 

Firsoff,  Valdemar  A.  Life?  In  his  Strange world 0:  ~he moon.  New  Yoric, 

Basic  BooKs,  1959.  p.  170-180. 

Presents currently-Known  information on atmosphere,  surface,  and sub-
surface of  the  moon.  Chapter  16  postulates existence of  underground water 
and gas on  the  moon  as well  as living  beings  equipped with a  husK-like 
covering that would enable them to  survive in a  near vacuum. 

Fou(!re,  Ren~.  Adamski's last cnar,ce.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Sept. -

Oct.  1964:  27-29. 

Article suggests that the description in  Adamski's  booi<,  Inside  tne  Spacesnips, 
of  snow,  mountains,  lakes,  and rivers on  the  hidden side of  the  moon  co:ild be 
possible  if intelligent  beings  there  had created a  gigantic dome  of  energy in 
which an atmosphere chemically created by  tnem would  remain captive and 
within v.hicil  these weather pnenomena C<Juld  be  made  to occur.  He  says 
that the .Adamski claim is iudefensible and absurd otherwise. 

Gilvarry,  J.  J.  The possibilities of  a  primordial lunar  life. 

In  Mamikunian, 
Gregg and M.  H.  Briggs,  eds.  Current aspects of  exobiology.  Pasadena, 
Calif.,  Jet Propulsion Laboratory,  1965.  p.  179-241. 

Features of the  lunar  surface are discussed which would seem to  indicate 
former presence of a  hydrosphere and atmosphere with essentially complete 
internal  consistency.  Since  these  were  tne  conditions  that  must have aeld at 
the  inception of  terrestrial life,  it can  be  assumed that tnere was  a  pristi:e 
lunar life. 

Gordon,  Samuel.  There's something  in the  moon.  Fate,  v.  12,  July 1959: 

47-53. 

Reports  observations  by  astronomers that seem to  suggent  the  moon  is  being 
explored by  an unknov.n  race. 

Hatcher,  Judi Anne.  Towers on the  moon?  Fate,  v.  20,  Dec.  1967:  32-37. 

Author discusses the  "six mysterious and statuesque  shadows"  that  appeared 
in  Lunar Orbiter II  photographs of  an area west  of  the  moon's Sea of  Tran-
quility released by  NASA  on Nov.  23,  1966,  and  comments  on  contradictory 
explanations  issued by  NASA. 

Keyhoe,  DonalJ,  Enigma on the  moon.  Fate,  v.  9,  Aug.  1956:  36-43. 

Strange lights,  objects,  and activities on  the  moon  that were noti:-ct in c-arly 
astronomical records are cited.  Reprinted from  The  Flying Saucer 
Conspiracy (New  York,  Henry Holt,  1955). 

King,  George.  Life  on  the planets.  Hollywood,  Cal.if. ,  The  Aetherius 

Society,  1958:  29  p. 

Series of  lectures dealing with  life  in general on  foe  planets  Mars, 
Venus,  Jupiter,  and Saturn.  There is also a  lecture dealing with foe 
system of  government--lnterplanetary Parliament--adopted by  resi-
dents  of  these planets.  Information allegedly transmitted telepathically 
to author. 

Layne,  Stan.  I doubted flying  saucers.  Boston,  Meador  Press,  1958. 

177  p. 

Imaginative  account of  visit to the  moon in a  sphere using magnetic 
lines of  force  for  propulsion and description of  civilization,  philosophy, 
technology,  customs,  and artifacts there. 

Moore,  Patrick.  Life on the  moon?  Irish astronomical journal,  v.  3, 

March  1955:  133-137. 

A summary is presented of  current information on  the  lunar environ-
ment  and  of  observations  and theories  concerning the possibility of 
indigenous  life on the  moon. 

'.'Jicolson,  Marjorie Hope.  Voyages to the  moon.  New  York,  Macmillan, 

1948.  297  p. 

The  author traces through  the  literature  from  the  15th century the  scientific 
and philosophical backgrounds  of tile  idea of cosmic voyages. 

Palmer,  Ray.  Mars'  moons  artificial.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1959:  13-15. 

Scientific fact  is given to  support theory  that the  two  moons  of  Mars, 
PhoLos  and  Deimos,  are  artificial satellites  made  by  intelligent beings. 

Reynolds,  0.  E.  and  F.  H.  Quimby.  The search for  organic  material on the 
In  Malina,  Frank J.,  ed.  Life  sciences research and lunar  medi-

moon. 
cine.  Proceedings.  London,  P~rgamon Press,  1967.  p.  51-53. 

Paper  develops  a  review  of  inquiries  and  methods  applicable  to  the  organic 
geochemical  a1~alysis of subsurface lunar  material.  Abstract only. 

Serviss,  Garrett P.  Curiosities of  the  sky.  New  York,  Harper  &  Bros., 

1909.  268  p. 

A broad general view  of  the  chief  mysteries  and problems of  astronomy is 
biven;  possibility of  life and intelligence on  the  mocn and on  Mars  is  dis-
Cl'ssed. 

There'~  intelligent life on the  moon.  Flying saucers,  May  1959:  67-74. 

Features of  the  moon  that have  been observed astronomkally and that 
seem to  indicate  it is not  a  "dead" world are  discussed. 

Wells,  Herbert George.  The  H:-3t  men on the  moon.  London,  G.  Newnes, 

Ltd.,  190L  ~1.: V· 

Fictitious account of  discovery of substance opaque  to gravity and its use 
in constructing spacecraft which  lands first  men on  the  moui;,  Voyage, 
landing,  and exploration of  moon described in detail;  human society 
criticized through depiction of a  non-ht:man culture. 

VENUS 

Abbot,  C.  G.  The  habitability of Venus,  Mars,  and other worlds.  In  Annual 

report of  the  Board of  Regents  of  the Smithsonian Institution for  the  year 
ending June 30,  1920.  Washington,  D.  C.,  U.  S.  Govt.  Print.  OH.,  1922. 
p.  165-171. 

Considers the probability of  the existence of  intelligent life  on heavenly 
bodies other than the  earth and discusses  n;eans  of  communicating with 
the  nearer planets. 

Aitken,  R.  G.  Venm;: 

the earth's twin planet.  Leaflets of  the  Astronomical 

Society of  the  Pacific,  v.  48,  Jan.  1933:  195-198. 

Any  life on Venus  is declared impossible.  Science  news  letter,  v.  40, 

July 12,  1941:  26. 

Studies by  Dr.  Rupert Wildt  of  the Princeton University Observatory indi-
cate that the  clouds veiling the  surface of  Venus  are solidified formalde-
hyde,  a  poisonous  and extremely irritating gas  often used as  a  disinfectant 
because of  its germ-killing powers.  It seems probable  there would be 
enough  free  formaldehyde  on the  surface  of  Venus  to  mal{~ it most un-
pleasant,  while  the  complete lack of oxygen would P• eclude  the  possibility 
of  carbon-based life. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Are we  alone  ii. space?  Discovery,  v.  24,  Apr.  20, 

1963:  27-29. 

Various theories of origin of  life  on earth are re•:iewed with  reference to 
possible  development  of  similar  life  forms  on  otner planets of  other  solar 
systems.  Extraterrestrial origin of  life  on  earth (panspermia hypothesis) 
is  discussed critically from  moment of  a  spore's escape from  ancther planet 
to  the  arrival on earth's surface.  Life  on  Mars,  Venus,  and other planets 
is  briefly discussed.  Conclus!on of speculation is  that  intelligent life  does 
exist in other parts of  the  universe. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report:  keep  your  eye  on  Venus. 

v.  12,  1959:  57-63. 

Fate, 

Author  speculates that although  Mc::.rs  has  seemed most likely to be  the  planet 
from which  UFOs  might  originate,  Venus  is also a  possibility. 

Ho.·owitz,  Norman.  Is there  life  on other planets?  Engin£c!'ing and science, 

v.  24,  March  1961:  11-15. 

Possible existence on  Mars and VP.nus  of terrestrial form of  living  matter 
based on proteins and  nucleic  ac~ds is discussed. 

Huang,  Su-shu.  Some  astronomical aspects of  life  in the univer,se.  SKy  and 

telescope,  v.  21,  June  1961:  312-31'3. 

Stellar  life  histories are  briefly discussed as well as prerequisites for  a 
life-supporting planet.  It is suggested that  mo.st  single stars of the  main 
sequence between F5  and K5  could probably  support life  of  an advanced form 
on  the  planets  revolving around them.  Temperature  and atmosphere of 
Mars and Venus are discussed in detail and speculations made  as to  ~xis­
tence  of  life  there. 

Maney,  Charles  A. 
Oct.  1965:  6-8. 

ls Venus  inhabited?  Flying saucer  review,  v.  11,  Sept. -

It is  <:ltated  that U.  S.  ~cientists,  as v;ell as astrophysic:ists from the 
U.S. S. R.,  have found  atomic oxygen and  nitrogen ia the  dark light of 
Venus,  providing evidence  that the atmosphere of  Venus  is quite  liKe  that 
of  earth.  The  author  speculates thJ.i  Venus  may ther  'ore  be  inhabited 
by  human beings  not too  unlike  the people  on earth. 

No  chance  of  life  on Venus;  scientific data from  Mariner II.  Business week, 

Dec.  29,  1962:  22. 

Oparin,  Aleksa.ndr  I. and V.  Fesenkov.  Life  in  the  universe.  New  YorK, 

Tv.ayne  Publishers,  Inc.,  19136.  245  p. 

On  basis of  most recent information in  natur<J.l  science,  author discusses 
probability of universal existence of  life-bearing planets,  with  special  at-
tention  to  Mn.rs  and Venus.  Translation of  Zhizn'  vo  veselerrno'i  (Moscow, 
1956). 

Serviss,  Garrett P.  Curiosities of  the  sky.  New  YorK,  Harper  &  Bros .. 

1909.  268  p. 

A brliU.d  general view  of  the  chief  mysteries  and problems of astronomy 
iE  given;  possibility of  life  and intelligence  on  thl'  moon  and on  Mars  L; 
d~&cussed. 

Shapley,  Harlow.  The  probable e.wironment  01'1  other planets. 

In  Pirit.?. 

N.  W.,  ed.  Tl,e  biology  of  space travel.  London,  The  Institute of  13iology, 
1961.  p.  107-116. 

Discussion topics  include:  ozone  barrierb,  the  lunar  surface  and  atmos-
phere,  cosmochemistr~·--the local  sampling,  the  Venus  greenh0use  and 
Martian deserts,  the  origia of  life  as one  step in cosmic evolution,  and 
life  on  the  Lilliputian stars. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  Life on  Mars !n view of  physioJ.ogtcal  principl-es. 

In 
Epitome of space  medicine.  Article S.  Brooks  AFD.  T ~x. ,  School uf 
Aviation  Medicine,  1958.  p.  1-8. 

Problem of extraterrestrial life is discu:;sed in the light of cu~rent 
physiological experience.  Particu~ar attention  is given tile environmental 
factor&  of temperature  ar.d oxygen  because of  their close interrelation  in 
biological processes.  Speculation is advanced on the  possibility of life 
on  Mars and Venus. 

Strughold,  Hubertus.  Physiological considerations on  the  possibility of life 
under extraterrestrial conditions.  In  Marbargcr,  John  P.,  ed.  Spai::e 
medicine.  Urbana,  Ill.,  University-of Iilinois  Press,  1951.  p.  31-48. 

It is concluded that from the  standpoint of  temperature,  Mars and 

Environ.~1ental conditions are discussed under  which  life  as  we  know  it 
can exist. 
possibly Venus are the only planets,  apart from the earth,  which at present 
possess the  prerequisites.  From the . ~.andpoint of vital oxygen pressure, 
man and animals except those of  the very lowest species can t~ e~duded 
from life  on Mars with certainty. 

Thomas,  Dorothy.  Lifr.  on Venus according to  the  great mystics.  Los 

Al"geles,  New  Age  Pl:blishing Co.,  1958:  10 p. 

Summary of descriptions of life on Venus  by Andrew J.  Davis,  William D. 
Pelley,  Lee Crandall,  Jacob Lorber,  Dana Howard,  Flower Newnouse,  and 
Emanuel Swedenborg. 

=====================================================
Extraterrestrial  Life 


GENERAL REFERENCES 

Abelson,  Philip H.  Extra-terrestrial life.  In  U.  S.  National Academy  of 

Sciences.  Proceedings.  v.  47,  Apr.  15,1961:  575-581. 

T~e paper reviews some of the cogent limitations of  life as we know  it and 
examines some of the fu(ldamental  reasons these Ii mitations exist.  A dis-
cussion  of  features  of  planetary au.: lunar environments which  strongly con-
traindicate the  presence of  life follows. 

Aharon,  Y.  N.  ibn.  The recent literature of  extraterrestrialism.  Sau~er news, 

v.  12,  Mar.  1965:  11-12. 

E.vr..luates  works  on  extraterrestrialism  by  Desmond  Leslie and  Dr.  M.  K. 
Jessup. 

Allen,  'i'homas.  The  quest:  a  report on  extraterrestrial life.  Phi'ladelphia, 

Chiiton  Co. ,  1965.  323  p. 

State-of-the-art review of  theories and speculations  on  possibility of  extra.-
~errestrial life.  Author  estimates  there are numerous  planets  supporting 
countless other  intelligent societies,  many  of  which  are much  more 
developed than  earth's.  Book  simultaneously  published in  Toronto by 
Ambassador  Books,  Ltd. 

Anderson,  Poul. 

Is  there  life  on  other worlds?  With  an  introd.  by  Isaac  Asimov. 

New  York,  Crowell-Collier  Press,  1963,  223  p. 

Soeculative consideration of  what we  can be  sure does not exist anywhere in 
space,  what  probably does  exist,  and  some  of  the  imaginative  imssibilities 
inherent  in  space travel. 

Arrhenius,  Svantc.  Th~ life of the universe.  London  and New York,  Harper & 

Bros. ,  1909.  2v. 

Cbnceptions by  man  of life in  the universe from  the earliest ages to the  present 
time (1909).  Tr~nslation of  Ma~nisk~ inf~ varldsgatan (Stockhom,  Geber,  1907). 

Ball,  Robert.  The  possibility of  hie on other worlds.  The fortnightly  review, 

v.  62,  Nov.  1894:  718-'129. 

Noting that there was as yet no  definite answer to the question I)(  \\i·,ether life 
can exist on  any of the other worlds,  the  author gives a state-of-thr:-art 
~urr.mary of current hypo~heses. 

Barnes,  Sam.  Life on  other iJlanets.  Machine design,  v.  35,  Ju.nr.  'l,  1963: 

118-123. 

Overview of current exobiological  research in the U.S. 

l3auchau,  A.  Les meteorites sont-elles chargees d'un  message biologi<?ue'? 

La revue  nouvelle,  v.  38,  Sept.  15,  1963:  240-243. 

Information surrounding discovery of  the Orgueil meteorite is given.  Con-
troversy surrounding the  biological and physico-chemical origin  of  organic 
matter found  on  it is discussed as well as siggificance of the discovery. 

Bergamini,  David.  Fossils that say life may  really be out of this world.  Life, 

v.  51,  Dec.  8,  1961:  45. 

Identification of microscopic  particles in  a fragment of  the Orgueil meteorite 
which resemble fossilized one-celled crganisms strongly suggest that ea.rly 
steps of  evolution  probably took  place elsewhere. 

-----.  Wax and wigglers:  life  .n  spacf'?  Life,  v.  50,  May  5,  1961:  57,  59-60,  62. 

Complex waxlike hydrocarbons similar to those found  in  butter and  r·1ing thil"'gs 
in  general were found  in  a fragment of the Orgueil meteorite by  scientists 
Bartholomew Nagy,  Warren Meinschein,  al"'d  Douglas  Hennessy.  Walter Newtcn 
and  Frederick Sisler revealed that when  a  pulverized ispeclmen  of  a  meteorite 
that fell  in  Murray,  Ky.,  in  1950,  was  placed in  sterile:  ;olution for  several 
months  to see if anything would  grow,  droplets of  it u.idet' a  microscope  re-
vealed tiny,  wiggling sausage like  particles about the  size of  bacteria but unlike 
terrestrial bacteria. 

Berger,  Rainer.  The  solar system and  extraterrestrial life.  In  Advances  in  the 

astronautical  sciences.  v.  13.  North  Hollywood,  Calif.,  1963.  p.  649-665. 

Discusses current experimental results,  opinion,  and speculation  in  research 
on  problem  of  extraterrestrial life.  Theories on  chemical and  prcbiological 
evolution  in  space are examined in  conn€ction  with theories on  origin  of  Ufe. 

Berget,  Alphonse.  The appe-aance of liie m~ worlds and the hypoth,Jsis Clf 

Arrhenius.  In  The Smith~onian lnstit.1~"1Gn.  Annual report of th board of 
regeots for the year ending June 30,  ifll2.  w~;"lhington,  U. s.  Govt..  Print. 
on ••  1s13,  p.  543-551. 

Conce,;iion <'f  Sv-,nte Arrhenius that Hee  can be  carried fror.o  one planet to 
another:  Germs swept away by a&cending air curreits which carry them to 
thie  limits of the atmostJlei·e are repelled by the electrieallv charged rust 
that has  penetrated there,  coming from  suns that have driven  it away by the 
repelling pressure of their radiation,  After they ha\•e  arrived in SJBCe 
they attach themselves to  some straying grains of dust of greater dimensions 
than  theirs and which are cons<!C{uf:ntly  capable of obeying the attraction of a 
neighboring planet rataer ttnr. the repelling force of radiation;  they then penetrate 
into the atmosphere of this new µlanet  and bring life to it,  if life has not yet 
developed t~l?re. 

Berl~.ld,  Theodore,  Meteorites:  prooi of  life on  other planets?  Popular 

mechanics,  v.  116,  Aug.  191jl: 

l08-ll2,  208,  210. 

Report on  res2arch into whether meteors come from life-bearing planets. 

Eoernal,  ,J.  D. 

J.,;  there life elsewhere in the universe?  Science and culture, 

v.  28.  Aug.  19&2~  356-357. 

Berrill,  Norman  John.  Worlds without end:  a  reflection on  planets,  life,  and 

time.  New York,  Macmillan,  1964.  240  p. 

Speculative investigation of  possibilities of  life on  ether planets:  nearest and 
best-known  planets are compared with earth; hypothetical planets  similar to 
earth but with one  or another feqture ali.ered in some mP.nner are examined 
in  order to predict how familiar living things  might be  affected;  life on  earth 
is evaluated to determine which chancterlstics may be  regarded as universal 
under certain circumstances and which are special; and imaginative efforts of 
speculative writers to conceive and describe creatures different from  those 
known  to us on  earth are presented. 

Blum,  Harold F.  Perspectives  in  evolution.  American scientist,  v.  43,  Oct. 

1955:  595-610. 

Assuming life to  exist on  other planets of  the billion  solar systems now 
thought to comprise the known  univer~e, the author says the next easy step is 
to assume that our uwn  evolution here on  earth has been  paralleled elsewhere. 

Bok,  B.  J.  I.ife on  other worlds.  AustraJian  science teacher's  journal,  v.  9, 

Nov.  1963:  4. 

Bowman,  Norman J.  Silicon as a  base for life forms.  Journal of  space flight, 

v.  3,  Mat',  1951:  1-6. 

Possibility of life forms  in  the universe based on  Rilicon  is considered and  it 
is concluded th·~rl' are ho favorable  possibilities with  a life form  based on  an 
Si-0-Si bonding.  The first is with an  atmosphere of NH3 with the body functions 
carried out  th;:1111gh  changes  in  pH,  t~mperature, and concentration of an 
alkaline solution of  silicates.  The  second case is with an  atmosphere of  HF 
where digestio1:  is carried out through aquf'ous HF  and  respiration would  involve 
exhalation of Si  F 4 and water. 

Bracewell,  R.  N.  Life in the galaxy. 

In  Camercn,  A.G. W.,  ed.  Interstellar 

communication.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  232-242. 

Author  establishes coocept that the other stars and star systems have  planets 
and that some of these  planets  are inhabitable.  He  postulates tt.at life thereon  is 
less advanced than that of earth.  Radar C'ommuoication in  the  "galactic club'' 
is a fact,  but not from  intelligent source;  howe·  t.r,  we  should  be  alert for 
signals.  It J.s  speculated that sufficiently highly developed  stellar communities o.re 
common  but that contacting them,  or its reverse,  would  be a  matter of chance. 

Bradbury,  Ray.  A serious search for weird worlds.  Life,  v.  49,  Oct.  24,  1960: 

116-118,  120,  123-124,  128-1~8, 130. 

Sketches are shown  of  strange r.rea~:ires who  may  represent what creatures on 
other inhabited planets  look like.  Explanation  is made that although grotesque 
by  earth standards~ they  could develop this way  in  response to different 
environments of  other worlds.  Project Ozma,  the  radio-telescope search for 
life on  other worlds,  is discussed. 

Brewster,  David.  More worlds than  one.  New York,  Robert Carter &  Bros., 

1854.  265  p. 

Author defends doctrine of  plurality of  inhabited worlds  by  citing  current 
astronomical di!:icoveries  and by  analyzing and  refuting objections. 

Briggs,  Michael H.  The  distribution of  life in  the  solar system:  an evaluation of 

the  present evidence.  Journal of  the  British Interplanetary  Society,  v.  18, 
Sept.-Dec.  1962:  431-437. 

Indirect evidence inilicative of  the existence of  extt"aterrestrial life  is given. 

-----.  Terrestrial anrt  extraterrestrial life.  Spaceflight,  v.  2,  Oct.  1959: 

120-121. 

Hypothesis for o:igin of  life on  earth is given  based on  three  assumptions: 
(1)  intelligent life existed somewhere in  the  universe  prior to  the beginning of 
life on  earth;  (2)  interplanetary flight .is  possible by  these  intelligences;  and 
(3)  lifeless earth was  visited by extraterrestrials who  either deliberately or 
accide·:itally  left microbes behind when  they departed.  \Tai'iations  of  and 
objeC'tions  to  hypothesis are givi:n. 

Bun,  Thomas  P.  and  Flavio A.  Pereira.  "Biospheric index," a  contribution  to the 

prob?em  of  determination of the existence of  extra-solar planetary biospheres. 
In  VIIIth International Astronautical Congress,  Barcelonn,  1957.  Proceedings. 
Vienna,  Springer-Verlag,  1958.  p.  63. 

Authors report that  planets within  the  sok'!" system  may  be classified into 
thrt:t!  groups  based on  probal:le  existenc~ uf  life by comparative examination of 
regions of  the solar  eeosph<!re.  Biosphe! i~ icJex for classilication of given 
planet within  ir.dicated scale of groups  may  be  establis.1ed by comparison of 
spectroscq>ic absorption lines. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Are we  alone  in space?  Dis1.;overy,  v.  24,  Apr.  20,  1963: 

27-29. 

Various theories of  origi'l of life  on  c-arth are reviewe-d with reference to 
possible development of  similar life forms  on  other planets of other solar 
systems.  Extraterrestrial origin of  life on  earth  (pans~rmia hypothesis) 
is discussed critically from  moment of  a  spore's escape from  another  planet 
to the arrival on  earth's surface.  Life on  Mars,  Venus,  and other planets is 
briefly discussed.  Conclusion of speculation is  that intelligent life does 
exiat in  other parts of the  universe. 

-----.  Other worlds than ours.  London,  Museum  Press,  1966.  248  p. 

Conside:ration of  possibility and  implications of  other wcrlt!s  in  space and 
other worlds  in  time. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Chemical evolution. 

In  Cameron,  A, G, W.  ,  ed.  Interstellar 

communication.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  1963.  p.  33-77. 

From questions  on  the nature and  characteristics of  life,  the author proceeds 
through theories on  chemical evolution  vrith  the  establishment of an environment 
conducive to the  origin of  self-replicating macromolecules.  Speculation on  life 
on  o\'her µlanets.  life  elsewhere in the solar svstem.  and life in the  galactic 
systems  ~s followedbv  a  disc11ssion  of man's pla-::e in ihe universe.  Of  the two 
hundred million inhabitable  planets  ir1  the visible uni'.:~rse,  two  areas selected 
for attempt at interstellar communication  (Project Ozma) are Tau Ceti and 
Epsilon  Eridani, 

-----.  Communication:  from  molecules to  Mars.  In  A. I. B. S.  Bull.,  v.  12, 

Oct.  1962:  29-44. 

-

Current knowledge  of  chemical  evolution on  earth and the generation of 
molecular communities which give  rise to terrestrial organisms is reviewed. 
It is hypothesized that given  a  corresponding set of  molecules,  temperature, 
and  environment anywhere  else in  the  universe,  a  similar sequence of 
evolution  might have  oco:urred as on  earth.  Mars is considered the most 
likely possibility for  organic life. 

-----.  Origin of life on  earth and  elsewhere.  Annals of  internal medicine,  v.  54, 

May 1961:  954-976, 

Traces chemical  evolution  to the point when  a  primitive organism  is formed. 
Applies  this  reasoning  to  question of  whether we  are liltely to find  that 
similar events have  occurred elsewhere than on  earth. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Round  trip from  space.  Evolution,  v.  3,  Sept.  8,  1959:  362-377. 

Cameron,  A.  G.  W.  Stellar life zoues.  In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed .. 

Inter-

s~elh:'!' cc.;minunication.  New York,  w:-A.  Benjamin,  Inc.  1963.  p.  107-110. 

Conclusion  is reached that all single stars in  space  (except thosf! with very  low 
heavy-element contents) have a  life  zone  containing an  average of about 1. 4 
planets of undetermined size. 

Chaikin,  G.  L.  A transitional hypothesis  concerning life on  otht!r bodies. 

Po?1lar astronomy,  v.  59,  Jan.  1951:  50-51. 

It is postulated that the existence of  life as we  know  it in  planetary systems is 
a  transitional phenomenon that tends to flourish  most under conditions of least 
stress on  the  "habitable" bodies, 

Chamberlin,  Ralph V.  Life on other worlds.  Bulletin of  the  University of  Utah, 

v.  22,  Feb.  1932:  1-52. 

A study in  the  history of  opinion  on  life in  other worlds from  600  B. C.  to 
1931  A. D. 

Conniff,  James G.  Who's  out t:lere:  meteor!te e"idence.  Columbia,  v.  41, 

Aug,  1961:  3-5,  35,  37. 

Conway,  J.  If there is life on  other planets wouldn't there have to  be 

polygenesia?  Catholic  messenger,  v.  82,  Aug.  6,  1964:  10. 

Copland,  Alexander.  The  existence of other worlds,  peopled with living and 

intelligent beings,  deduced from  the  nature of  the universe.  London, 
J.  G.  &  F.  Rivington,  1834.  210  p. 

Presents reasons for  believing the  fixed  stars and ihe planets are habitations 
for living beings.  Cites writings  of  men  who  have believed in a  plurality of 
inhabited worlds  and states grounds for their belief.  in  their O'Vn  words. 

Cramp,  Leonard G.  The  cosmos--expanding or orbital?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  7,  May-June 1961:  8-12. 

Author  proposes an  original and topical theory  on  how  the universe began. 

Creighton,  Gorc!on  W.  What do  the  Russians know?  Flying saucer review, 

v.  8,  Jan. -Feb.  1962:  20-21. 

Translations from  Krasnaya  Zvezda,  Ekonomich Gazeta,  and  Komsomolskaya 
Pravda  expressing Soviet views about  possible life beyond  the  earth. 

Demoulin,  Maurice.  La vie dans  l'univers.  La nature,  v.  64,  Part I,  Apr.  15, 

1936:  369-371. 

Uethier,  Vincent G.  Life on o!"ht:r  planets.  Catholic world,  v.  tsa,  j;ui.  1964: 

245-250. 

Drake,  W.R.  Mercury,  Jupiter,  and  others:  can  life exist?  Flying sancer revlew, 

v.  6,  Seit. -Oct.  1960:  18-22. 

Survey of  facts  and spec1•lations on  possibility of  life on  Mercury,  Jupiter and 
lesser known  bodies  in  earth's solar system. 

Drawert,  Friedrich.  Estraterrestrisches Leben.  Naturwissensc!laftliche 

Rundschau,  v.  14.  Feb.  1961:  68-70. 

Ecosphere may  shape life on  distant  planets.  Science  newslett~r, v.  80, 

Oct.  21,  1961:  272. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Frank  Edwards'  report:  you  can  break the UFO  barrier.  Fate, 

v.  11,  Nov.  1958:  77-83. 

Astronomical evidence  is  presented to support speculation  that life exists 
in  solar systems other than  earth's.  Readers are urged to write their 
Congressmen asking them to  require the Government to end secrecy regarding 
UFOs. 

Ewing,  Ann. 
1964:  199. 

Life in all solar systems?  Science newsletter,  v.  86,  Sept,  26, 

Fears,  Francis R.  Silicon  and  extraterrestrial life forms.  Journal of  space 

flight,  v.  2,  Nov.  1950:  5-6. 

A life form  based on  silicon metabolism which would  remotely  resemble the  life 
on  our planet cannot exist under such P.nvironmental conditions  as are found  011 
earth.  It might exist in an  entirely alien set of  circumstances which are at 
present beyond our conception. 

Firsoff,  V.  A.  An  ammonia~based life.  Discovery,  v.  23,  Jan.  1963:  36-42. 

Development of  inorganic  polymers which tear a  resemblance to organic com-
pounds  hut have,  wholly  or partly,  a  differc.nt chemical basis hasled  to 
speculatious on various alternative life schemes.  When  liquid ammonia 
replaces water as a  universal solvent,  ammonolysis of the analogue  compounds 
in  an  ammono-organic chemistry can  replace hydrolysis  in  the  process of 
digestion.  The same reactions of  chemical degradation which yield energy by 
oxidation in our system would  be  performed  in  that of  ammonia throuin the 
agency  of nitrogen.  Instead of  water and carbon  dioxide as final  products, 
ammonia and cyanogen C2N2  which  is the ammonia analogue  of  C02,  would  be 
produced.  Equivalent organic compounds  in  a nitrogen-based lift: system are 
given, 

Firsoff,  Valdemar Axel.  Life beyond the earth.  New York,  Basic Books,  Inc., 

1963.  320  p. 

Origin of life on  earth and elsewhere is discussed,  its subsequent evolution and 
present condition,  and such forms  of  it as deviate  most from  human  standa!'ds 
and thereby promise insight into alien structures that may  exist on  other 
worlds.  Range  of  environments are examine-.1  \Jithin which life as we  know 
it is JY'SSible  as well as organic chemistries til:U:  would  be  viable in environ-
ments where terrestrial life  could not  exist. 

Fontenelle,  Bernard le Bovier de.  Entretiens sur la pluralite des  mondes.  Paris, 

Editions de  la Nouvelle  France,  1945.  201  p. 

Combines a  popular defense of Copernican aatronomy and Cartesian physics with 
an amusing and fanciful  discussion of  the  plurality of  inhabited worlds. 

Hayatsu,  Ryoichi.  Orgueil  met~orite--organic nitrogen contents.  Science,  v.  146, 

Dec.  4,  1964:  1291-1293. 

Analysis of  Orgueil meteorite is described in detail.  Purines,  amino derivates 
of  sym-triazine and substituted guanidines are isolated and  identified by 
chromatographic,  spectroscopic,  and other techniques.  ResuJts are discussed 
in  terms of value as evidence of extraterrestrial life. 

Heintze,  Carl.  Search among the stars.  Princeton,  N.  J. ,  Van  Nostrand,  1966, 

175  p. 

Non-technical speculative discussion of whether there is intelligent llfe in  the 
universe. 

Holmes,  David C.  The search for  life on  other worlds.  New  York,  Sterling 

Publishing Co. ,  1966.  240  p. 

Non-technical discussion of  man's  pla1:!e  in  the  cosmos and  possibility of 
intelligent life throughout the universe. 

Horowitz,  Norman.  Is there life on  other  planets?  Engineering and  science, 

v.  2~:  Mar.  1961:  11-15. 

Possible existerice on  Mars and Venus  of  terrestrial form  of living  matter 
baseci on  proteins and nucleic acids is discussed. 

Huang,  Su-Shu.  Occurrence of  life in the  universe.  American scier.tist,  v.  47, 

Sept.  1959:  397-402. 

Prerequisites for the occurrence of life,  especially in an advanced form,  are 
discussed in  the  light of current knowledge  of  the  stars and thei::·  evolution. 

Huang,  Su-Shu.  The  prvolem of life in  the  universe and  the  mode  of  star 

formation. 
W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1!>63.  p.  89-92. 

In  Cameron,  !\, G. W.,  ed.  Interstellar communication.  New  York, 

Gener.:.l conclusions coocerning the occurence of 1if e in  the  universe a.re  pre-
sented.  It is predicted that out of  42  known  stars,  (including the  sun}  within 
5 parsecs from  us,  only  ti;ree  stars have a  good cba.nce  of  supporting 
advanced living beings on  their planets,  if such planets exist.  Three arguments 
are presented for  believing that the formation of  r.lanets around r-tars  is a 
common  phenomenon. 

-----.  Some  astronomical aspects of  life in  the universe.  Sk"Y  and telescope, 

v.  21,  June 1961:  312-316, 

Stellar life histories are briefly discussed as well as prerequisites for a life-
supporting  planet.  It is suggested that most single stars of the  main  sequence 
l)etween  F5 and K5  could  probably support life of an  advanced form  on  thtl 
planets revolving around thE:m.  Temperature and  atmosphere of Mars and 
Venus  are discussed in  detail and  speculations made  as tc existence of lilc 
there. 

Jackson,  Francis L.  and  Patrick Moore.  Life in the  universe.  New York, 

W.  W.  Norton,  1962.  140  p. 

Applies current knowledge  in  astronomy,  biology,  botany,  and  chemistry to 
i:.onsideration of theories about extraterrestrial life.  Concludes that in 
observable  universe there must be  millions of  planets supporting carbon-based 
life similar in  principle to terrestrial forms  but greatly var!ed in  detail. 

J c·•.es,  Harold Spencer.  Life on  other worlds.  London,  English  Universities 

Press,  1940.  259  p. 

Summarizes  evidence on  probability of  life on other worlds  provided by 
astronomy:  conditions  necessary for  birth of a  planetary :;ystem  may  occur so 
rarely that among the vast number of  stars in  any  one  stellar univtrse we 
may  expect to !ind only a  very limited number that have  a family of  planets; 
and among these families  of  planets,  there cannot be  more than  a small 
proportion where conditions are suitable for life to  exist.  Life  elsewhere in 
the  un:.verse  is therefore the exce}Xion  and not the rule, 

Kavanau,  J.  L.  Some  physico-chemical aspects of  life and evolution  in  relation 

to the  living state.  American naturalist,  v.  81,  May  1947:  161-183. 

Kind,  s.  S.  Speculations  on  extraterrestrial life,  Spaceflight,  v.  l,  July 1958: 

288-289. 

Author defines life  in  terrestrial terms and considers the  possibl :- "!xistence of 
life,  as we  know  it,  on  Mars and Venus. 

Leonard,  Frederick C.  Life on  other worlds.  Popular astronomy,  v.  41, 

May 1933:  260-263. 

26:J 

Life on  other planets  -- what  re  the possibilities?  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966: 

8-ll. 

Summary of current scientific data on  the  pos~ibility o!  intelligent life on 
other planets in  our solar system.  Reprinted from  the  BUFORA  (England) 
Journal and Bulletin. 

Lighthall,  W.  D.  The law of cosmic evolutionary adaptation:  an  interpretation of 

recent thought.  Transadions of the Royal Society of Canada,  se1.·.  3,  v.  34, 
sec,  2,  1940:  135-141. 

Li~e nothing  0:1  earth.  Lamp,  v.  44,  Summer 1962:  16-21. 

In  196ls  scientists at Esso Research and  Engineering Co.  and  at Fordham and 
New York i:niversities,  working in  collaboration,  found  within  a  tiny fragment 
of the Ori;ueil meteorite chemical indications of  the existence c;f  life.  They 
also found  fr"'""~'"'lts which they believ"  1 '""  fossilized  remnants of  liY i.ng 
things  in fragments  of  this and three other carbonaceous meteorites that had 
fallen  at different times and  places.  This  is postulated !ls  strong evidence 
that elsewhere in  our solar system life exists or has existed. 

Limits of  organic life in  our solar system.  Amerir.an  review of  reviews,  v.  43, 

Feb.  um:  242-243. 

•• 

•• 

Lonnqvist,  C.  Manniskan  pa  Varldsteatem.  Stockholm,  Ljus,  AB,  1947.  218  p. 

•• 

Discussion  of  the possibility of  intelli.gent life on  ether worlds, 

McColley,  Grant,and H.  W.  Miller  Saint Bonaventure,  Francis Mayron,  William 

Vorilong and the doctrir.e of  a  plurality of  worlds.  Speculum,  v.  12, 
July 1937:  386-389. 

Menzel,  Donald.  The  universe in  action.  Birmingham,  Ala.,  The Rushton  i.ecture 

Foundation,  1962.  71  p. 

Discussion of  the universe as it was,  is now,  and will  be  in  the far distant 
future through evolution.  The  belief  is expressed that life,  even  human  or 
superhuman,  may exist in  millions of  places in  the universe. 

Moffat,  Samuel and  Elie A.  Shneour.  Life beyond  the earth.  Epilogue by  Joshua 

Lederberg.  New York,  Scholastic Book :Services,  1965.  156  p. 

Non-technical discussion of  rrile  of exobiology  in  search for  life  in  the  universe 
and in first  contact with  extraterrestr~al civilization. 

Moore,  Patrick.  The worlds around us.  New  York,  Ai.Jelard-Schuman,  1956. 

157  p. 

Outlines conditions  under which carbon-based life can  survive and applies them 
to sun,  moon,  planets,  satellites,  and  asteroids in  the  solar system.  Hypothe-
sizl-lg that this is the only kind of life possible in  the universe,  author con-
cludes that men  on  earth are alone  in the  solar system.  Asserts that reports 
about visits to earth b~· extraterrestrial spacecraft are only "good stories." 

The  mystery  of other worlds  revealed.  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fawcett Publications, 

1952.  144  p. 

C!lapter headings  include:  Efe  on other worlds;  commu11ication with other 
worlds;  the expanding universe;  possibilities for an  invasion base on  the  moon; 
a  case for flying saucers;  investigation of the Carolina saucer; are the flying 
saucers Russian-owned? 

Oparin,  Aleksandr  I.  Life  in  the  universe.  New York,  Twayne  Publishers,  Inc. , 

1961.  245  p. 

On  basis of  most recent information in  natura! science,  author discusses 
probability of  universal existence of life-bearing planets,  with  ~cial 
attention to Mars and  Venus.  Translation of  Zhizn'  vo  vselennoI (Moscow,  1956), 

Ordway,  Frederick I.,  III,  James  P.  Gardner,  and  Mitchell R.  Sharpe,  Jr. 

Astrobiology.  In  Basic aeronautics.  Englewood Cliffs,  N.  J .,  Prentice-Hall 
1962.  p.  244-305. 

Discusses effects of  space environment on  terrestrial organisms,  rt!Viewing 
typical  laboratory studies and then  describing some of  the  more important 
"in-space'' biological research.  Means  of  remotely searching for life  on 
other worlds are then  considered,  followed  by  a  resume  of experience to date 
on  the  search for evidence of  extraterrestrial life on  eart!:. 

Pendergast,  R.  Terrestrial and  cosmic  polygenism.  Downside  review,  v.  82, 

,July 1964:  189-198. 

Posin,  Daniel Q.  Life beyond  our planet.  New  York,  McGraw-Hill,  1962.  128  p. 

Non-technical discussion  of planets of  mr solar system.  consideration of whether 
life of  any  kind  exists on  them,  and discussion of  ways  of  communicating with 
these or planets of  other solar systems. 

-----.  Other suns,  other planets,  but  is there other lifa?  Today's health,  v.  42, 

Nov.  1964:  55-69. 

Proctor,  Richard A.  Life  in  other worlds.  Knowledge,  v.  11,  1887-88:  230. 

Quimby,  Freeman H.  Concepts  for  detection of  extraterrestrial life.  Washington, 

National Aeronautics and Space Administration,  1964.  53  p.  (NASA  SP-56) 

J\if.thods  which  have  been  consi:iered for  the  detection of extraterr1~strial life 
and life-related substances  in  the near reaches of space are presented. 

Revelle,  R.  Sailing in  new and old oceans.  A. I. B. S.  Bulletin,  v.  12,  Oct.  1962: 

45-47. 

If modern theories aboi;t the format!on  of  star::;  are correct,  probably the  great 
majority of stars have  planets around them.  On  at least some of  these,  life  may 
have evolved in a beneficent realm of  light and  liquid water and  in  an  atmosphere 
of  oxygen and nitrogen to a level as high and  perhaps much  higher,  than the 
highest life known  on  earth.  Communication with  intelligent beings  in  planets of 
other stars would  be  alma;t impossible because  cf the distance involved. 

Ross,  John C.  A scieatist looks at life on  other worlds.  Fate,  v.  12,  Apr.  1959: 

86-89. 

Nobel  prize winner Dr,  Melvin Calvin asserts that life is inevitable on  other 
worJds throughout the  universe and that we  may expect to find  life forms  more 
intellectually developed than  man. 

Rublowsky,  John.  Is anybody  out there?  New York,  Walker and Co.,  1962.  118  p. 

Surveys  recent findings  in  biology,  physics,  and  astronomy and focuses  them 
on  question  of whether life exists in  the universe. 

Rush,  Joseph H.  Life the universe.  In  The dawn  of  life.  Garden City,  N. Y., 

Hanover House,  1957.  p.  188-217.  -

Appraisal of  the  possibility of life on  the  solar planets and beyond  the  solar 
system. 

Sagan,  Carl.  On  the origin and  planetary distribution  of  life.  Radiation  research, 

v.  15,  Aug.  1961:  174-192. 

Author discusses current opinion  and  speculation concerning the origin  an<l 
early history of  life on  earth,  with  particular emphasis on  the role that 
radiation may  have  played,  and with application  to the  problem  of  extra-
terrestriai life. 

-----.  Tile  quest for life beyond the earth.  In  Smithsonian Institution.  Annual 
report of  the  board of  regents for  the yearending June 30,  1964.  Washington, 
D.  C.,  U.S.  Govt.  Print.  Off.,  1965.  p.  297 .. 306. 

Questions on  the  possibility of extraterrestrial life and  the  origin of  life are 
discussed and  alternative interpretations of available data given. 

8hapley,  Harlow.  Extraterrestrial life.  Astronautics,  v.  5,  Apr.  1960:  32-33,  50, 

52. 

It is postulated that homo  sapiens as a species  may  be  unique,  but  there is good 
reason  to  expect that there are habitable  planets with  higher forms  of  life  in 
other sola1· syste'lls. 

Sharp,  Pt!ter F.  The  search for  life beyond the earth.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  7,  Nov. -Dec.  1961:  12-15. 

Arguments are advanced on  the  possibility of  life existing i:hroughout the 
galaxy;  ways  in  which man  can attemr..t: to detect it positively are suggested. 
It is also mentioned that the Tungusita  "meteorite"  of 1908  may  have been an 
exploded extraterrestrial spacecraft. 

Shneour,  Elie A.  and  Eric A.  ottesen,  comp.  Extraterrestrial life:  an 
anthology  and  bibliography.  Washington,  National Academy of Sciences--
National Research Council,  1966.  478  p. 

Supplement to "Biology and  the  Exploration  of  Mars,"  report of  study under 
auspices of Space Science Board and  published as NAS-NRC  Publicatioo 
l'.!96.  Contains  selected papers,  including Mariner IV and  sounding rocket 
observations of  Mars made  in  1965,  and bibliography of  2, 000 selected 
references to world literature published through mid-1964  with addendum 
of  !Xlpers  published froni  that date through late 1965. 

Simpson,  George G.  The nonprevalence of  humanoids.  Science,  v.  143,  Feb,  21, 

1964:  769-775. 

(1)  there are certainly no  humanoids  elsewhere 

States following conclusions: 
in  the solar system of  which  earth is  !Xlrt;  (2)  there is  probably no  extra-
terrestrial life in  the solar system of which  earth is  part,  but the  possibility 
is not wholly  excluded as regards Mars; 
(3)  there probably are forms  of 
life on  other planetary systems somewhere in  the universe,  but  if so it is 
unlikely that we can  learn anything whatever about them,  even as to the bare 
fact  of their real existence;  (4)  it is extremely improbable that such ~orms 
of  life include  humanoids,  and apparently nearly as impossible that we  could 
ever comm·1nicate with them  in  a  meaningful and  useful way  if they did exist. 

Sytinskaia,  N.  N.  Est'  li zhizn' na drugikh  planetakh  [Is there life on  other 

planets~ Moscow,  Gosudarstvennoe  izdatel  'stvo kul  'turnoprosvetitel'  noi 
literatury,  1952.  64  p. 

A lecture dealing  primarily with life  on  Mars  and other planets.  The author 
concludes  that it is quite  probable that vegetation  exists on  other planets, 
citing the Russian astronomer,  G.  A.  Tikhov,  who  has indicated that the 
color of  polar caps  on  Maro;;  is greenish,  not white,  possible evidence of vege-
tation,  and  that tne  meltm,:;  11  ~and snow produces  the water necessary to  sus-
tain  lite. 

Tsung,  Thomas.  Is there life beyond the earth?  New  York,  Ex.position  Press, 

1963. 

71  p. 

The type  of  mind  that believes  in  life on  other worlds.  Current. opinion,  v.  71, 

Nov.  1921:  630-631. 

Veit,  Karl.  Planeten-menschen.  Wiesbaden-Schierstein,  Ventla-Verlag,  1961. 

223  p. 

Author surveys scientific opinion on  th~ possibility of  life  on  other worlds and 
summarizes UFO  sighting reports from  1947  to date.  Details are given  of 
"con~ctee" reports and the  alleged appearance and behavior of  beings from 
outer space. 

Williams,  Henry S.  Are the  pianets inhabited?  Hearst's magazine,  v.  24, 

Aug.  1913:  284-286. 

Young,  Richards.  Exobiology.  In  NASA-University Conference on  the Science and 
Technology of Space Exploration.  - Proceedings.  v.  1.  Chicago,  1962.  p.  423-
429. 

Reports on  NASA  exobiology  program,  including laboratory studies on  organic 
compound synthesis under primitive eartt conditions,  analysis of  meteorites, 
and life detection apparatus. 

-----.  Extraterrestrial tiology.  New York,  Holt,  Rinehart and  Winston,  1966. 

119  p. 

Text is a discussion of life as it is found  on  earth and  of the properties of  life 
which  suggest it might exist in  more than  one  place  in  the universe. 

Younghusband,  Francis.  The living universe.  London,  John  Murray,  1933. 

252  p. 

Author  postulates that the universe is a living universe and that the  primordial 
germ of life appeared as the result of  the  interaction of the earth with  life  in 
the universe as a v.'!lole.  He  suggests that there  may  be  the same myriad forms 
of life on different planets as there are on  earth.  All  life is "derived from  the 
same original source,  and  infor~ by the  same Spirit." 

COMMUNICATION 

Ascher,  Robert and Marcia Ascher.  Interstellar communication and human 

evolution.  Nature,  v.  193,  Mar.  IO,  1962:  940-94!, 

The authors  postulate that the  potential of a  search for signals from  oth<:r 
civilizations is largely dependent on the adequacy  of  guesses about the 
probability of  the existence of  extraterres\.~ial technical civilizations,  the 
probable  stage of development of a  civHization which we  might  contact, 
the  longevity "f attempts at contact following  success or failure,  and  the 
result of  possible contact and exchange,  Article indicates  steps  in  in:!reasing 
the reasonableness of  the  guesses. 

Barton,  Michael X.  Secrets of  higher contact.  Los Angeles,  Futura Press, 

1959.  30  p, 

253 

Technique by which  human  beings  may  "reach up into the high  consciousness 
of the  Interplanetary Beings and contact them" is revealed.  Information 
transmitted telepathically to author by  "Space  Brothers." 

Barton,  Michael X.  The  spacemasters speak,  Los Angeles,  Futura Press, 

1960.  34  p. 

Messages from  beings on  M.irs,  Venus,  and Antares allegedly tran:5mitted 
telepathically to author for delivery during the  Harmony Grove  (Escondido, 
Calif.) Spacecraft Convention,  July 2-4,  1960, 

Beller,  William.  How  to  contact people in  space,  Missiles and  rockets,  v.  7, 

July  25 1  1960:  42-44. 

Author  observes that scientists who believe there  is intelligent life on  other 
planets are divided on  the  question of how  to go about getting in touch.  He 
presents the  plans of the different factions  for  receiving or initiating communi-
cation. 

Bergier,  Jacques.  A l'ecoute des planetes.  Paris,  Fayard,  1963,  182  p. 

Postulatinf! that there are intelligent beings throughout the universe,  the 
author  speculates on  the kind  of  technological  development necessary to 
enable us  to detect their presence within  our atmosphere and  in  their own 
communities and  to  establish communication with  them, 

Boehm,  George  A.  E.  Are we  being hailed from  interstellar space?  Fortune, 

v.  63,  Mar.  1961:  144-149. 

Survey of current theories of formation of  earth ano  planets and  the  evolution 
of  life  is presented.  Radiu··telescope listening p.:•ograms are discussed and 
the information that  might  !JP.  transmitted hypothesized. 

Bracewell,  R.  N.  Communication:'! from  superior galactic communities.  Nature, 

v.  186,  May  ~8,  1960:  670-671. 

Author  suggests that space  probes from  extra-galactic civilizations may 
already be  within  earth's atmosphere.  He  points  out that this type  of attempt 
at communication  may  be  more feasible  than  radio signals  sent over inter-
stellar distances since  it eliminates the  need for  ingenuity  in  selecting a 
star and  correct wavelength and can  give  a  more  powerful  signal than  a 
home-based transmitter. 

-----.  Life  in  the galaxy.  In  Cameron,  A.G. W,,  ed.  Interstellar communication. 

New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  232-242. 

Author establishes concept that the other stars and  star systems have :i;Janets 
and that some of these p~anets are fohabitab!e.  He  postulates that life thereon 
is less advanced than that of  earth.  Radar communication in the  "gafactic  club'' 
is a fact,  but not from  intelligent source,  however,  we  should be  alert for  sig-
nals.  It is speculated that sufficiently highly  developed stellar communities are 
common but that contacting them,  or ih:  reverse,  would be a  matter of  chance. 

Bracewell,  Ronald N.  Radio  signals from  other planets.  Jn  Cameron,  A.G. W.,  ed 
Interstellar communication.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  199-
200. 

The  most suitable microwave frequency to be  searched for  intelligent  signals 
from  other planets is considered.  There are,  however,  reasons for  not using 
1,420 Mc  or other microwave frequencies,  if the distance to  the  nearest com-
munity more advanced thall our own  is 100  light-years rather than the  Hl  light-
years investigated by  Project Ozma. 

Bradbury,  Ray.  A serious search .'or weird world;.>.  Life,  v.  49,  Oct.  24,  1960: 

116-118,  120,  123-124,  126-128,  130. 

Sketches are shown on  strange creatures who  may represent what  creatures on 
other inhabited planets look  like.  Explanation is made that although  grotesque 
by  earth standards,  they could develop  this way  in response to  different envi-
ronments of  other worlds.  P~oject Ozma,  th~ radio-telescope search for life 
on  other worlds,  is discussed. 

Briggs,  Michael  H.  Other astronomers  in  the universe?  Southern stars,  v.  18, 

Sept.  1960:  147-151. 

Author  considers problems raised by the hypothesis that some cosmic  radio 
signals are intelligently produced. 

----- Superior galactic communities.  Spaceflight,  v.  3,  May  1961:  109-110. 

Autnor  suggests that if  there are intelligent extraterrestrials on  planets in this 
galaxy,  they may be  scientifically and technologically advanced enough  to know 
of both  earth and of  man as an intelligent life form.  Attempt by  them  to  estab-
lish contact might be  by  radio !rlillsmissions,  space probes,  and  emission of 
radiation in the  far infrared. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Communicating with  life in space.  Discovery,  v.  24,  Mayl963: 

36-41. 

Methods  of  communication with  intelligent extraterrestrial life and the  impli-
cations of  contact are considered.  Establishment of  contact with  a  superior 
race could lead to  extermination of  the  human  race. 
It is probable that intel-
ligent  life wculd tend toward the  center of  the galaxy because of  the higher prob-
ability of  contacting life th,~re. 

----- A long,  cool look  at alien intelligences:  Part II  -- modes of  communication. 

Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  July-Aug.  1967:  15-17. 

Discussion of three principal way;.  in which alien intelligences could communi-
cate with  us:  (1)  direct visitation; {2)  remote c0mmunications;  (3)  ambassa-
dorial liaison. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  A long,  cool look at alien intelligence.  Part IV  -- Possible 

significance of parapsychology.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  Nov. -Dec.  1967: 
13-15. 

Discussion of ways in which prosopesis (alternating personalities) and ideoplasty 
(an  idea manifesting as a  bodily change  in the  same person) are related to the 
subject of  flying  saucers.  It is suggested that  many of the strange mental dis-
turbances which we  put down  to madness,  genius,  hysterical dissociation,  or 
drunkedness,  are the eariy  stirrings of  ideoplastic concepts induced by  cosmic 
telepathy. 

----- A long,  cool  look at alien intelligence:  Part V -- It's all  i.n  the  mind.  Flying 

saucer review.  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  7-9. 

Author  surrnests the possibility that UFOs  and poltergeists are among phenomena 
which could be  "experienced, " with  completely convincing realism,  rlue  to  ef-
fects  of  electromagnetic fields.  He  also  suggests that this electromagnetic  iadi-
ation could be  either terrestrial or extraterrestrial in  origin;  it  could be  either 
a  stochastic natural process or the planned product of  an alien intelligence. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Chemical evolution.  In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed.  Interstellar 

communication.  New  York,  W.  A.-Benjamin,  1963.  p.  33-77. 

Fro  questions on the  nature and characteristics of life,  the author proceeds 
through theories on  chemical evolution with  the  establishment of an e<ivironment 
cond·.Jcive  to  the origin of  self-replicating macromolecules.  Speculation on  life 
on, ther planets,  life elsewhere in the  solar system,  and  life in  the  galactic 
svstems is followed  by a  discussion of man's place in the universe.  Of the two 
hundred million inhabitable planets in the visible universe  two  areas selected 
for attemt at interstellar communication  (Project Ozma) are Tau  Ceti and 
Epsilon Eridani.  Heas~ms for selection are given. 

----- Taming to life on  other worlds.  Excerpt from  address,  with  deciphering of 

a  coded message.  Science digest,  v.  53,  Jan.  1963:  14-19. 

Cameron,  A.  G.  w.  Future  research on interstellar communication.  In  hi:>  Inter-

stellar communication.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  309-31~. 

Fields of  research that c'l.n  contribute in a  more direci. way to  guesses about 
the  nature of  extraterrestr:ial societies are discussed.  Nearest communicative 
civilization should be  expected to be  about 87  parsecs away  (284  light-years). 
For civilizations on  planets near the very faint  stars which  have been proposed 
as likely to  exist,  the laser may  be the  obvious way  of  communication,  since 
the  signal-to-noise ratio of  their optical transmissions  should be  orders of 
magnitude better than that  calculated for the  i:,un  by  Schwartz and  Townes. 

Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed. 

Interstellar ('Omn111'1ication.  ;~ew York,  W.  A. 

Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  320  p. 

Publication contains  mc;nographs  and reprints on  specialized aspects of  inter-
stellar communication with  criticai commentary. 

----- Stellar life  zones. 

In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed.  Interstellar communication. 

New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.  1963.  p.  107-110. 

Conclusion is reached that all  single stars in  space  (except those with  very low 
heavy-element contents)  have  a life  zone  containing an average of  about  1.4 
planets of undetermined size. 

Cocconi,  Guiseppe  and  Philip  Morrison.  Searching for  interstellar communications. 

Nature,  v.  184,  Sept.  19,  1959:  844-846. 

Speculates on  optimum channel  thnt  might  be  used by an intelligent extrater-
restrial civilization to contact  earth.  Concludes that the  most promising radio 
emission line to search for would  be at 1420  Mc/s fa.  2lcm)  of  neutral  hydrogen. 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  What  the  Soviets are sayin[:,.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

Sept. -Oct.  1964:  26. 

Summary of articles in Soviet press 1960-1964 about probable existence of  ex-
traterrestrial civilizations and possible means  of  communicating with them. 

Crenshaw,  James.  What  can we  expect of  ''dvilization"  in outer space?  Fate, 

v.  20,  Jan.  1967:  79-89. 

Thought-provoking views on what  may happen when  and if earth's scientists put 
us in contact with  an outer-space civilization superior,  inferior,  or equivalent 
to ours. 

aJa  Silva,  Renato  I.  No  espaco  nao  estamos sos.  Sio Paulo,  Edart,  1966.  213 p. 

The1lries  relating to possibility of  life on  the  moon  and other planets are sum-
marized.  Parapsychological phenomena of mental telepathy,  precognition, 
ESP,  premonition,  and astral projection are discussed as they might  relate to 
contact with  extraterrestrial t!ntities or intelligences. 

Drake,  Frank D. 

Intelligent  life in space.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1962.  128  p. 

Summary of facts  that seem to indicate existence of  many civilizations in  space 
and  discussion of ways in which  men  on  earth might  contact such civilizations. 

----- Project Ozma.  In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W. 

Interstellar communication.  New 

Yo::k,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  176-177. 

First systematic,  high  sensitivity search for  manifestations of  extraterrestrial 
intelligent life  are described.  Tau  Ceti and Epsilon Eridani were chosen as 
subjects because they are the nearest single  sunlike  stars observable from  tele-
scope  site.  Preliminar)'  observations  uncovered n'J  signals of extraterres-
t:ial  origin,  but  radar freq11encies  otill appear to  offE;r  the greatest hope !or 
success in  the  search. 

Drake,  Frank D.  Project Ozma.  Physics today,  v.  14,  Apr.  1961:  40-46. 

Theory of the origin of life  is given and possibilities of contact with intelligent 
extraterrestrial life discussed.  Author hypothesizes that frequencies near 
1420.405 Mc/sec may be used by  an extraterrestrial civilization  attempting to 
signal earth. 

----- Radio emission from the planets.  Physics today,  v.  14,  Apr.  1961:  30-34. 

Predictions based on optical infrared studies of  Venus,  Mars,  Jupit<:r,  and 
Saturn are compared with  radio emission data.  Biological  significan.-:e of  in-
frared surface conditions--based on  radio  emission data--is assessed. 

----- The  radio search for  intelligent extraterrestrial lile.  In  Mamikunian,  Gregg 

and M.  H.  Briggs.  Current aspects of exobiology.  Pasadena:  Calif.,  Jet Pro-
pulsion Laboratory,  1965.  p.  323-345. 

It is concluded that  microwave  radio signals are the  most common means of  in-
terstellar communication; that terrestrial technology is capable of carrying on 
a  successful  search for  signals but  that the project,  if it is to  cope with all the 
reasonable possibilities,  must be one  of very great expense,  complexity,  and 
duration.  It is also suggested that there are many other possible ways in which 
manifestation of  intelligent Jife  might be found,  but  at present few,  if any,  ap-
pear to  offer enough hope  of  success to  justify their active pursuit. 

Dreyer,  H.  R.  The  man who  knows  the languages of  the  stars.  Fate,  v.  12,  Aug. 

1959:  78-79. 

An  inmate in a psychiatric  institute in  Prague,  Czechoslovakia,  believes he  is 
in continual  contact with  other planets and records their speech in fine  detail. 

Dye,  Clarkson.  Radio to other worlds.  F:ite,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  88-96. 

Account  of  the  experiments of David Henry Wilson  (London,  England,  circa 
1915)  with a  specially-constructed wireless set and of  messages he  received 
irom entities that  were not  inhabitants  of  earth. 

Dyson,  F.  J.  Search for artificial  stellar sources of  infrared radiation.  Science, 

v.  131,  June  3,  1960:  1667. 

If extraterrestrial intelligent beings  exist and have  reached a  high  level  of tech-
nical  development,  one by-product of  their energy metabolism is likely to be the 
large-scale convr.rsions  of  star-light into  infrared radiation.  It is proposed 
that a  search fo1·  sources of  infrared radiation should accompany the search for 
inkrstellar communications. 

Flammario~, Camille.  Inter-astral communication.  American review of  reviews, 

v.  5,  Feb.  1892:  90. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Porpoise  research:  exploring  an alien  iiltelligence.  F~te.  '"  16, 

Nov.  19fi3:  52-60. 

ScienUsts have been  investigating the porpoise as the representative of  an alien 
intelligence,  seeking to communicate with  it,  seeking to understand what alien 
intelligence can b1~ like.  The  porpoise's deeply convoluted brain is larger than 
man's. 

Golay,  M.  J.  E.  Coherence in interstellar signals.  IRE  Proceedings,  v.  49,  1961: 

958-959. 

It is stated it would appear theI'e  are four likely spectral regions within which 
a  search should be  made for coherent signals before any  intelligent  messages 
can be  received:  at half or at twice the hydrogen frequency,  and with  or with-
::Jt  correction for nebular drift.  When factors  such as easier power genera-
tion and greater space coverage are considered,  the two  half -frequency regions 
appear  more favorable. 

----- Note on the probable character of  intelligent  radio sig'lals from  other plane-

tary s:tstems. 

In  Proceedings of the  IRE,  v.  49,  May  1961:  959. 

Discussed are the  spectral location and  the character of  racio  signals that might 
be  aimed at the earth from  other planets of  other solar systems. 

Golomb,  Solomon W.  Extraterrestrial linguistics.  Astronautics,  v.  6,  May  1961: 

46-47,  96. 

Author  discusses what  space travelers from  earth might  say--if they can find 
a  way  to  say it--to alien intelligent beings they might discover in the universe. 

Handelsman,  M.  Considerations on communication with intelligent life  in  outer 

space.  In  Wescon convention record.  Proceedings.  v.  6,  pt.  5;  1962.  Los 
Angeles;-wescon,  1962.  15 p.  {Paper no.  4. 4.) 

Estimate of the probability of  communi.cation with intelligence in outer  !:1paLe  is 
beset with  many unknown factors,  the author postulates.  Sifting through these, 
the probability that a  c;:;;-;-.i11unicating  c:v~lization has existed at some time is 
assigned a  value  of  between 2 X  10-2 and  10-6 for  any  star.  To receive a  sig-
nal from  at least one  civilization within  1,000  light years,  it is estimated that 
examination of  some  2 X  105  likely stars in a field of  about  107  stars is re-
quired,  a longevity of  50,000  years,  and no previous  int~rcommunication.  The 
recommended .;·gnal  to  search for  is a high-intensity,  narrow-band transmis-
sion at or near the  21  cm.  hydrogen frequency. 

Hicks,  Clifford B.  We're listening for  other worlds.  Popular  mechanics,  v.  114, 

Sept.  1960:  81-85. 

Huang,  Su-Shu.  Problems of  transmission in interstellar communication.  In 

Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed.  Interstellar communication.  New  York,  w.-A. 
Benjamin,  Inc.,  J.963.  p.  201-206. 

It is stated that beings who are transmitting signals to  other worlds,  in order 
to increase their  chru1,~es of  contacting civilizations in other worlds,  must di-
vide the  antenna time and beam the  signals successively to all stars which are 

within  reach and which are believed to be able to support life of  an advanced 
form.  Sint::e  our present technology  is perhaps inferior to  that of  others who 
can communicate with us,  it is suggested that our h:1·-.:;mitting station be  used 
solely,  at least for the next  hundred years or so,  for  responding to intelligent 
messagea from  outer space that have  been detected. 

Jackson,  C.  D.  and  R.  E.  Hohmann.  An  historic report on life in  space.  New  York, 

American Rocket  Society,  1962.  7 p. 

(ARS  Paper no.  2730-62) 

Investigations and experimental  data of  Nikola  Tesla,  Guglielmo Marconi,  and 
D..:.vid  Todd are presented.  During the  years 1899-1924 these experimental 
scientists,  working  independently of  each  other,  observer! laboratory dal:l and 
related phenomena which  suggested they wne monitoring interplanetary com-
munications.  During the  same period,  the  Russian theorist Konstantin 
Tsiolkovsky  deduced a  model  Gf  an intelligence existing independently ofter-
restrial influence.  Data are first brought  together in an historical  model (1899-
1924)  and then are shown to  be  the  natural  complement  of a  current theoretical 
model  (1959-1962). 

Krasovskiy,  lu.  Astronautics and extraterrestrial civilizations.  Flying saucer re-

view,  v.  7,  Sept. -Oct.  1961:  3-5. 

Author discusses earth's objectives  in  the  conquest of  extraterrestrial space; 
possibility of life in other worlds;  possibility of  communicating with extrater-
restrial civilizations;  and the possibility  of  receiving  intelligent signals from 
other worlds. 

Lamb,  Peter.  Pictures from  outer space.  Spacelink,  v.  4,  Summer  1967:  13-l 7. 

Details are given of what  may  have  been the fi:o-st  recorded reception of  picture 
transmission between planets. 

McCla.in,  Edward  F.  The  600-foot radio telescope.  Scientific  American,  v.  202, 

Jan.  1960:  45-51. 

The  ''-'~1-id's largest steerable telescope,  under  construction near Sugar Grove, 
V.'.  Va.,  provides power to gather radio waves  and resolve celestial  radio 
sources. 

Miles,  Max  B.  Scientists  track space r:!<lio  signals.  Fate,  v.  12,  ,Tune  1959:  57-

58. 

Mysterious  radio signals  ,vhose  absence of  Doppler effect  indicated travel away 
from  the  earth were  monitored on frequencies  of  20  and 40  megacycles for three 
hours  in late  November,  1958,  from  an  A'.r  Force  Missile  Test Center instal-
lation at Cape  Canaveral. 

Hiller,  E.  Conrad and  J.  L.  Smith.  Some  considerations rE'garding the  possibility 

of  contact with  intelligent extraterrestrial beings.  BU FORA  journal and bul -
letin,  v.  1,  Winter  1964:  4-7. 

Article slates it is possible that contact will be  made in the relatively near fu-
ture with extrate1 rest rial btelligences and that this contact may occur as a 
sbip to ship meeting in Interplanf.tary space.  Earth's crews should be  briefed 
to take nC'  possible acticn that could be deemed hostile and to take defensive 
measures only in the  last resort for sell-preservation.  An effort should be 
made to  determine whether  it is possible to develop  messages suitable for  ini-
tial contact with an alien intelligenct. 

Mysterious broadcast from  space ship?  Flying saucCc"rs,  Feb.  1959:  35-37,  46. 

A mysterious broadcast was  allegedly  received on  Aug.  3,  1958,  on  75  meter 
intern':\tional banrl in which the voke of  a  man saict he .. ,as  ''Necoma" from the 
planet  Jupiter and wus broadcasting from a  space ship  50,000 miles from  e?.rth. 
Incident was reported in a  southeast U. S.  newspaper. 

The  mystery of other worlds revealed.  Greenwich,  Collll.,  Fawcett Publications, 

1952.  144 p. 

Chapter headiJlbS  include:  life on other worlds; communication  with  other 
worlo:ls;  the expanding universe; possibilities !or an invasion base Oil  the moon: 
a  case for flying  saucers; investigation of  the  Carolina saucer; are the flying 
saucers Russia.-;, owned? 

Oakley,  C.  0.  Math,  our link with space people.  Science digest,  v.  49,  June  1961: 

7-13. 

Oberth,  Herman."'l.  Katechismus der Uranldem.  Wiesbaden-Schierst.:?in,  Ventla-

Verlag,  1966.  160 p. 

Communication with an extraterrestrial being through a  psychic  med.i.um  has 
caused Oberth to a:iopt  th~s view:  there is a  soul  which outlives the  body;  this 
world serves as a  training-ground for the soul;  the  soul will  c1..11.tinue  life  (on 
~  planet  where conditions are in ker:ping with  its degree of  development)  after 
death. 

Pascalis,  Bernardino.  Werkelijkheid of fantasie?  Panorama,  Feb.  21-27,  1967: 

31-38. 

Feature article en UFO  reports in which there was alleged communication with 
the  occupants or crew of the  objects. 

Pearman,  J.  P.  T.  Extr::terrest:-ial intelligent life and  interstellar communication: 

an  informal discussion.  In  Cameron,  A.  G.  W.,  ed.  Interstellar communica-
tion.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p.  287-293. 

From  consideration of  the prospects for  existence of  other societies  in our 
galaxy and the problems involved in  establishing communication with  them,  it 
is concluded that,  if the more optimistic values  of  communicative lifetime are 
chosen,  the  number of  civilizations becomes  105 to  109 and the distance of  the 
nearest civilization is estimated at ten to  a  few  hundred light-years. 

Pelley,  William D.  Earth comes ..• desig'l for materialization.  Indianapolis, 

Fellowship  Press,  1941.  303  p. 

Author postulates that  ''pr~siding spirits'' were obstructed in their work of pro-
jecting a  perfect earth by  ''mischi~vous spirits"; this accounts for the apparent 
dissimilarity in peoples,  inadvertent cataclyems,  interrupted or capricious 
harvests,  and intermittent phenomena tending to  displace terrain and change 
polar rotations.  "Great Ministering Overlords" were appoiated to  minister the 
world and are doing  so at this  moment. 

----- Star guests ... design for  mortality.  Nobleville,  Ind.,  Soulcraft Press,  1950. 

318 p. 

Description of  experiments in clair::..udient writing and psychical contact with 
beings  ''of the  more harmonious planes ... above the planes of  earth. " 

Pi in the sky.  Newsweek,  v.  67,  Apr.  4,  1966:  22,  27. 

Details of  UFO sightings in the area around Ann  Arbor,  Mich.,  during late 
March 1966.  One  night a  University of  Michigan  scientist blinked the "pi" 
equation in code,  explaining that this could be understood by extraterrestrial 
creatures. 

Piere£:,  ,T.  R.  and  C.  C.  Cutler.  Interplanetary communications.  In  Advances  in 

space science.  v.  1.  Edited by  Frederick I.  Ordway,  m.  Ne•N"York  and 
London,  Academic  Press,  1959.  p.  55-109. 

Suggests that a  simple space probe,  radiating a  watt  of  RF power,  could tranr 
mit  about  3 bits/sec per watt of  information when  Mars comes within  50  X 10 
miles of  earth.  This  minimal probe would be capable of  transmitting 65,000 
bits/sec from the  moon,  wh.ch is enough for high quality speech. 

Posin,  Daniel  Q.  Life  bl~yond our planet.  New  York,  MacGraw-Hill,  1962.  128 p. 

Non-technical  discussion  of planets  of  our solar system,  consideration of 
whether life or any kind exists on  them,  and discussion of ways of  communi-
cating with these or  planets of other solar systems. 

Price,  George  R.  U.S.  begins search for beings  in  other worlds.  Popular science, 

v.  176,  Apr.  1960:  66-69,  209. 

Detailed description is given of  Project Ozma--U. S.  attempt  to  establish radio 
contact with extraterrestrial civilizations.  Scientific  justification for  the pro-
ject is  reviewed. 

Purcell,  E.  Radioastronomy and  communication through space.  In  Cameron, 

A.  G.  W.,  ed.,  Interstellar c0mmunication.  New York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc., 
: ~133.  ltl-14:;. 

Contributions to knowledge  of  distant gn.iaxies  by  radioastronomy are reviewed 
and followed by a  discussion of  modes of travel beyond the  solar system.  After 
postulating there are other habitable non-solar planets,  author discusses trans-
mission of coded messages and the analysis of  messages received,  and suggests 
that a  sequence of prime numbers be boti1  sent and listened for over the period 
of centuries,  not  fiscal  years. 

Reeve,  Bryant.  The  advent  of the cosmic viewpoint.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Amherst 

Press,  1967.  256  p. 

Poetulating that earth's traditional cosmic  isolationism is ending,  the author 
discusses the implications of  ch:rnges that are port~nded.  He  speculates on 
the effect that the landing of  "Xtraterrestrial spacecraft will  have on man's 
concept of  reality,  his civilL::1tion,  institutions,  way of  life,  and mannt'r of 
thinking and acting. 

Revelle,  R.  Sailing  in new  and old oceans.  A.  I.  B.  S.  Bulletin,  v.  12,  Oct.  1962: 

45-47. 

If modern theories about the formation  of  stars are cCJrrect,  probably the  great 
majority of  stars have planets around them.  On  at least some of  these,  life 
may have evolved in a bem•ficent  realm oi light ar.d  liquid water and  in an at-
mosphere of oxygen and nitrogen to a  level  as high  and perhaps much  higher, 
than the  highest life ·1mown  on  earth.  Communication with  intellii;ent bdngs 
of planets of  other sta!'s would be almost  impossible because of  the  distance 
involved. 

Richards:,  Sam.  Some philosophical implkations  of  UFOs.  Space link,  v.  4,  Sum-

mer 1957:  4-11. 

It is pointed out  that once we  can comprehend and admit that  there could be  an 
intelligence Ruperior to our own,  it requires very little furl::er thought to ap-
preciate the  difficulty  of  communication.  Of the  various types  of apparently 
extraterrestrial beings visiting earth,  it could be  significant  that they  appear 
not  only incap,i.ble  of  contact with us but there is no  evidence of  their contact-
ing each other. 

Rodgers,  Philip.  Spr.cemen speaking.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  4,  Sept. -Oct.  1958: 

20-21. 

Author gives details of sounds and voices that  he  has  recorded on  tape and be-
lieves to be  extraterrestrial. 

Rosenberg,  Paul.  Communication with  extraterrestrial intelligence.  Aerospace 

engin~ering,  v.  21,  Aug.  1962:  69-69,  111. 

Author states that prevailing cosmological theory and laboratory experiments 
support the hypothesis that life exists  outside earth's solar system.  Elech·o-
magnetic  signaling seems to be the  only means  now  at our disposal for :ittempt-
ing  to  communicate with  any extraterrestrial intelligence  that  may  exist.  Met.h-
ods for communicating and  receiving such signals,  and speculation as to the 
type  of  message an extraterrestrial might transmit are reviewed. 

Rowe,  Kelvin.  A call at dawn.  El  Monte,  Calif.,  Understanding Publishing Co., 

1958.  198 p. 

Author  expounds ideas and principles allegedly transmitted to hlm  telepathically 
by  beings from  the planets Pluto and Jupiter and describes his trfl; into outer 
space in a flying saucer. 

Sanford,  Ray.  Contact with a flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  9,  May  1956:  12-18. 

An experiment on Nov.  6,  1954,  to contad a flying  saucer through mental con-
centration allegedly succeeds. 

Saunders,  Alex.  Alien  life contemplation.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  21-22. 

Specul~.tes on  the possibility of sentient life on  other planets aT'd  on the impli-
cations for  man  of contact with  such beings. 

Schwartz,  R.  N.  and  C.  H.  Townes. 

lnterste!lar and interplanetary communication 

by  optical masers.  Nature,  v.  190,  Apr.  l5,  1961:  205-208. 

Possibility  is examined of  hroadcasting an optical beam from  a planet associ-
ated with  a  star some few  or some tens of light-years away  at sufficient power 
levels to establish communications with earth. 

Shklovskii,  Iosef S.  and Carl Sagan.  Intelligent life in the universe.  Authorized 

translation by  Paula  Fern.  San  Francisco,  Holden-Day,  1966.  509 p. 

Extension and revision by  Sagan of  Shklovskii's  Vselennaia,  zhizn',  razum 
[Universe,  Life,  Mind]  (Moscow,  1963).  !1~'.'ludes study  of  earth's solar sys-
tem,  discussion of  nature of  life and its possi\Jle occurrence on other planets, 
treatment of  possibility that advanced communicatht.• technical  civilizations 
exist on planets of other st;· rs,  and discussion of  problems in establishing con-
tact with  civilizations separated from  earth by  interstellar distances. 

Smith,  Bernard.  People from  outer space contact earth mirn  by  radio.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  4,  July-Aug.  1958:  28-29. 

Report that  voices and  sounds from  eithn extraterrestrial spacecraft or beings 
have been  recorded on  tape by  blind  musician. 

That prospective communication with  another planet.  Current opinion,  v.  66,  Mar. 

1919:  170-17!. 

Three undiscovered planets.  Los  A.1geles,  DeVorss  &  Co.,  1967.  15 p. 

Telepathic  communication from pianets  supposedly on  the  etheric plane is 
transmitted by  their alleged rulers.  Peace and love are postulated to  be 
earth's most urgent needs. 

Von  Hoern~r, Sebastian.  The  general limits of space travel.  Science,  v.  137, 

July 6,  1962:  18-23. 

It is postulated that space travel,  even in the  most distant future,  will  be  con-
fined to our own planetary system; a  simila1· conclusion is said to apply to  any 
other civilization,  no  matter how  advanced it may  be.  The  only means of com-
munication between different  civilizations thus seems to be  electromagnetic 
signals. 

----- The  search for signals from  other civilizations.  Scit.'nce,  v.  134,  Dec.  8, 

1961:  1839-184g, 

The  search for extraterrestrial si!{nals from an intelligent  source  should be 
guided by two  estimates,  one  of  the probable  nature of such signals and  the 
other of  the  distance from which  they  might  come.  Three different types of 
signals are considered:  local  broadcast,  long-distance calls,  and  contacting 
signals.  The  nature of  the  signals will  be defined entirely by the purpose they 
seri-e and by  the  most economical way to achieve this purpose.  Several sets 
of  conclusions are drawn as to the type  of  civilizations sending signals,  the 
longevity of  a technical civilization,  and the  nature of  signals transmitted. 

Wickland,  Carl  A.  Thirty years among the dead.  Los Angeles,  National  Psycholog-

ical Institute,  1924.  390 p. 

R~port on psychical  research demonstrating  intermingling and  intercommunica-
tion between the  spiritual  (invisible)  and physical  (visible) worlds. 

Whittington,  George.  What's true about  the  disc'!  The  journal  of  spaceflight and 

the  rocket  news  letter,  Apr.  1950:  2-5. 

Author  speculates on whether U.S.  armed forces  have  succeeded in  contacting 
UFO crew members and whether  representatives of  U.S.  armed forces  and/or 
the  State  Department  are now  in  communication with  extraterrestrial beings. 

Williamson,  George  H~mt and Alfred c.  Bailey.  The  saucers speak.  Los  Angeles, 

New  Age  Pub.  Co.,  1954.  127  p. 

Documentary  report of  communication by  radiotelegraphy between  August  1962 
and mid-1953 with extraterrestrial spacecraft iu  earth•s atmosphere. 

=====================================================
IMPLICATIONS 

Barton,  Michel X.  Flying  saucer revelations.  Los  Angeles,  Futura  Press,  1957. 

38  p. 

Discusses  role of  interplanetary beings  in  man's origin and  evolution.  Consid-
ers stories of  contact between extraterrestrials and  earth  men  and  implications. 
Reports  on  flying  saucer sighting at  Giant  Rock  Airport,  Yucca  Valley,  Calif. , 
on  Mar.  12,  1955,  during  Inte:-:-planetary  Spacecraft  ConvenUon. 

Brookings Institution.  Proposes studies on the  implicalLms of peaceful space  activ-
(S7th  Cong. 1 

ities.  Washington,  D.  C.,  U.S.  Govt.  Print.  Oft.,  1961.  272  p. 
;.,t Sess.  House.  Report no.  242) 

'"J'he  implications of  a discovery of  extraterrestrial  life,'' p.  2Hi-216,  warns 
that  t.l1e  discovery of  intelUgent  life in  the universe could have  profcund con-
sequences for earth atti~udes and values.  It is pointed out that  many societies 
have  disintegrated when  they had to associate with  previously unfamiliar soci-
eties espousing different ideas and different ways  of  life;  others that survived 
such an  exr>erience usually did so by paying the price of  changes in values and 
attitudes,  and  behavior.  Continuing  studies are recommended to determine 
emotional  and  intellectual understanding,  and attuudes  - - and successive alter-
rations  of them if any  -- regarding the possibility and consequences of discover-
ing  intelligent extraterrestrial life.  The report was prepc:.red for the  National 
Aeronautics and Space  Administration. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Other worlds than ours.  London,  Museum  Press,  1966.  248p. 

Consideration of possibility and implications of other worlds  in  space and  other 
worlds in time. 

Carrougen,  Michel.  Les a'!Jparitions  de  rrar~iens.  Paris,  Fayard,  1963.  275  p. 

Study of  UFO  sightings  reported during September-October 1954 as a  sociolog-
ical phenomenon. 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  The  significance of  the  UFO era.  BUFORA  journal and bul-

letin,  v.  1,  Autumn  1966:  9-10. 

Discussion oi the  implications of  alien visitation in human affairs. 

Crenshaw,  James.  What  can we  expect  of  "civilization" in outer sapce?  Fate, 

v.  20,  Jan.  1967:  79-89. 

Thought-provoking  views on  what  may  happen  when  and if  earth's scientists put 
us  in  contact with an outer-space civilization superior,  inferior,  or equivalent 
to ours. 

Danger from the  stars:  a warning from  the Spare  Administration.  Flying  saucer 

review,  v.  7,  Man-June  1961:  7. 

Article  summarizes  report prepared by  Brookings Institution,  Washington,  D. C ., 
in  1961  for the  National  Aeronautics and Space  Administration on  ramifications 
of discovery of intelligent life on  other planets. 

Drake,  W.  R.  Man on the threshold of  space·.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  6,  Nov. -

Dec.  1960:  22-24. 

The  author conside.rs  the prospt:>cts  that await  man  as he  prepares to  travel to 
other planets. 

Fuller,  B .  .' •.  G.  Flying saucers.  The  journal of philosophy,  v.  49,  Aug.  14,  1952: 

545-559. 

Postulating that  intelligent life  exists in forms quite  different from  ours and is 
disperse·:i throughout  the universe,  the  author speculates on proceedings of  a 
"cosmic Congress''  including all kinds of  ''Saucerians".  Delegates of every 
imat;inable  aspect-- "not to speak of  others defying terre£trial  biological clas-
sification"--would compare their  religious,  moral,  social,  economic,  and po-
litical ways of life.  He  express~s hope that once the  myth of  a  superior race 
was exploded,  constants would  appear in the various ways  of life and points of 
view  and ill planetary thinking would become  interplanetary in scope and  scale. 

Miller,  E.  Conrad and J.  L.  Smith.  Some  considerations  regardin5 the possibility 

of  contact with  intelligent extraterrestrial beings.  BUFORA journal and bulletin, 
v.  1,  Winter 1964:  4-7. 

Article  states it is possible that  contact will  be  made  in the  relatively near fu-
ture with  extraterrestrial intelligences and that  this contact  may occur as a 
ship to ship  meeting in interplanetary space.  Earth's crews should be briefed 
to take  no possible action  that  could be deemed hostile and to take defensive 
measures only  in  tht' last resort for  self-preservation.  An  effort should be 
made to determine whether it is possible to develop  messages suitable for  ini-
tial contact with  an alien intelligence. 

Reeve,  Bryant.  The  advent  of the  cosmic viewpoint.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Amherst 

Press,  1967.  256  p. 

Postulating that earth's traditional cosmic isolationism is ending,  the author 
discusses the implications of  change&  that are portended.  He  speculates on  the 
effect that the  landing  of  extraterrestrial apacecraft will  have  on  man's concept 
of  reality,  his civilization,  institutions,  way of  life,  and manner of thinking  and 
acting. 

llichards,  Sam.  Some  philosophical  implications of UFOs.  Spacelink,  v.  4,  Sum-

mer 1967:  4-11. 

It is pointed out  that once we  can comprehend and admit t.ilat  there  could be an 
intelligence superior to our own,  it requires very little further thought  to ap-
preciate the  difficulty of  communication.  Of the various types  of apparently 
extraterrestrial beings visiting earth,  it could be significant that they appear 
not  only incapable of contact with us but  there is no  evidence  of their contact-
ing  each other. 

=====================================================
INTELLIGENCE 

Aharon,  Y.  N.  ibn.  The  recent literature of  extraterrestrialism.  Saucer news, 

v.  12,  Mar.  1965:  11-12. 

Evaluates works on  Pxtraterrestrialism by  Desmond  Leslie and  Dr.  M.  K. 
Jessup. 

Ascher,  Robert and Marcia Ascher.  Interstellar communication and human evolu-

tion.  Nature,  v.  193,  Mar.  10,  1962:  940-941. 

The  authors postulate that the l'otential of  a  search for signals from other civi-
lizations is largely dependent  on the  adequacy of guesses about the probability 
of the existence of extraterrestrial technical  civilizations,  tlie probable  stage 
of development of  a  civilization which we  might contact,  the longevity of  attempts 
at contacc  following  success or failure,  and the  result of possible contact and 
exchange.  Article indicates steps in increasing the  reasonableness of the 
guEsses. 

Asimov,  Isaac.  Is anyc.ne  there?  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co.,  1967. 

320  p. 

Collection of  articles on scien'!e,  speculation and science fiction that have ap-
peared in popular  magazines.  The probability of  intelligent life  on worlds 
other than ours is the  general theme. 

Berrill,  Norman John.  Worlds without  end:  a  reflection on planets,  life,  and timt" 

New  York,  Macmillan,  1964.  240 p. 

Speculative investigation of possibi!ities of life on  other planets:  nearest and 
best-known planets are compared with  earth; hypothetical planets similar to 
earth but with  one  or another feature altered in some  manner are examined in 
order to predict how  familiar living things  might be affected;  hie on  earth is 
evaluated to determine which  characteristics may  be  regarded as universal un-
der certain circumstances and which  are special; and imaginative efforts of 
speculative writers to conceive  and describe creatur,:!s  diffuent from those 
known  to us on  earth are presented. 

Bieri,  Robert.  Humanoids on other pl~r.ds?  American scientist,  v.  52,  Dec.  1964: 

542-458. 

Arguments are presented to  support the view that  if life has  evolved on  other 
planets in other solar systems and if some population has  reached the level of 
conceptual thought,  it is highly probable that the organisms so endowed will 
bear a  strong resemblance to homo  sapiens. 

Bradbury,  Ray.  A serious search for weird worlds.  Life,  v.  49,  Oct.  24,  1960: 

116-118,  12G,  123-124,  126-128,  130. 

Sketches are shown of  strange creatures who  may  represent wh?..t  creatures on 
other inhabited planets look like.  Explanation  is  made that although  grotesque 
by  earth standards,  they could develop this way  in  response  to  different  envi-
ronments of  other worlds.  Project Ozma,  the  radio-telescope search for  life 
on  other worlds,  is discussed. 

Breig,  Joseph  A.  Are there  rational beings on planets far away?  Ave  Maria, 

v.  89,  Mar.  7,  1959:  19. 

Brewster,  David.  More worlds than  one.  New  York,  Robert Carter &  Bros.,  1854. 

265  p. 

Author  defends  doctrine of  plurality of  inhabited worlds by  citing current astro-
r.or; ical discoveries and by  analyzing and refuting objections. 

Briggs,  Michael  H.  Other astronomers in the universe?  Southern str.rs,  v.  18, 

Sept.  1960:  147-151. 

Author  con:dder~ problems raised by the hypothesis that some cosmic  radio 
signals :i.re  im.ellige1~tly produced. 

----- Superior galactic communities.  Spaceflight,  v.  3,  May  l!l61:  109-110. 

Author  suggests that if there are intelligent extraterrestrials on pl&.nets  in this 
galaxy,  they  may be  sc:entifically and technolof!:ically advanced enough to know 
of both earth and of  man  as  ari  intelligent life form.  Attempt by them to  es-
tablish contact  might  be  by  radio transmissions,  space probes,  and emission 
of  radiation in the far infrared. 

----- Terrestrial and  extraterrestdal life.  Spaceflight,  v.  2,  Oct.  1959:  120-121. 

Hypothesis for origin of  life on earth is given based on three assumptions:  (1) 
intelligent life  existed somewhere in t'  ,  universe prior to the  beginning of life 
on earth;  (2)  interplanetary flight  is possible by these inte::lligences;  and  (3) life-
less earth was visited by extraterrestrials who  either deliberately and accident-
ally left  microbes behind when they departed.  Variations oI and objections to 
hypothesis are given. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Are we  alone  in space'i  Discovery,  v.  24.  Apr.  20,  1963: 

27-29. 

----- A long,  cool  ll)()k  at alien intelligences:  Part I -- the  non-uniqueness of  man. 

Flying  saucer review,  v.  13,  Mar. -Apr.  1967:  24-25. 

Author states that while there is a high  probability for the  existence of  intelli-
gences ii'  other parts vf  the universe,  it does not follow  that they  must bear 
any  resemblance to  ourselves.  H man  is non-unique,  it  is because he  is one 
of  many intelligent  races,  not  because he  is one  of  many humanoid,  or even 
biolo~cal species. 

----- A long,  cool look at alien intelligences:  Part II  -- the  forms of  intelligent 

organisms.  Flying saucer review,  v.  13,  May-June  1967:  13-15,  19. 

Three classes of possible intelligent organism are consldered in detail:  (1) 
humanoid or non-humanoid biological organisms;  (2)  mechanical  intelligences 
such as  self-programming computers;  and  (3)  stable intelligent plasmoids. 

----- Other worlds than ours.  Lonc'.on,  Museum  Press,  1966.  248  p. 

Consideration of possibility  and implications  of  other worlds  in  space and 
other worlds in time. 

Can astronomy ev~r say positively that :>ther pla:iets are inhabited?  Current litera-

ture,  v.  52,  Jan.  1912:  64-66. 

Chamberlin,  Ralph  V.  Life  on  other worlds.  Bulletin of  the  Univ~rsity of  Utah, 

v.  22,  Feb.  1932:  1-52. 

A study in the history of opinion on life in other worlds from 600  B.  C.  to  1931 
A.D. 

Civilizationonotherplanets?  U.S.S.R.,  v.  1,  Jan.  1964:  46-47. 

In a  series of four  articles,  V.  Fesenkov,  I.  Shklovskii,  A.  Pasinskii,  and 
B.  Liapunov discuss current theories and Soviet  research in the field of 
exobiology. 

Clarke,  Arthur C. 

..... · :e  planets are not  enough.  The Saturday  review,  v.  38,  Nov. 

26,  1955:  11-12,  34-36. 

Postulating that the  evidence  seems to indicate earthmen are the  only thinking 
inhabitants  of  the  solar system,  the author speculates on  how  man could sur-
vive  a  journey which  may last for  several thousand years to the planets of  other 
suns. 

Cooper,  John.  Cities in the  sky.  Science diges!,  v.  28,  Nov.  1950:  78-80. 

Copland,  Alex••nder.  The  existence of  other worlds,  peopled with living and intel-
ligent beings,  deduced from  the nature of  the universe.  London,  J.  G.  &  F. 
Rivington,  1834.  210  p. 

Presents  reasons for  believing the fixed  stars and  the  planets are hahitations 
for  living beings.  Cites writings  of  men  who  have believed in a  oluralit_;  of 'in-
habited worlds and  states grounds for their beliefs in  their own  words. 

CoupE>,  Charles.  Are the planets inhabiteci?  American  Catholic  q\1arterly,  v.  124, 

Oct.  1906:  6~9-720. 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  What do  the  Russians know?  Flying saucc.-r  review,  v.  8, 

Jan. -Feb  1962:  20-21. 

Translations from  Krasnaya Zvezda,  Ekonomich Gazet~,  arid  K~i'l'lsomolskaya 
Pravda  expressing Soviet  views about possible life bpyond  the  ear~h. 

----- What  the  Soviet  press is saying.  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Nov.  -Dec. 

1961:  18-lP. 

Tran:olation  of  article from _Krasnaya  Zve~da by  Vladimir  Lvov  stating that  in-
telligent  and  even human  life exists in  outer space. 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  What  the  Soviets are saying.  Flying saucer  review,  v.  10, 

Sept. -Oct.  1964:  26. 

Summary of  articles in Soviet press 1960-1964 about probable existP!1ce of ex-
traterr•~trial civilizations ;md possible means of  communicating' with them. 

Crenshaw,  James.  What can we  expect of  "civilizati~n" in outer :<;1ace?  Fate, 

v.  20,  Jan.  1967:  79-89. 

Thought-provoking views on  what  may happen when and if earth's sc ien~ists put 
us in contact with an  outer-space civilization superior,  inferior,  or equivalent 
to ours. 

Cyr,  Guy  J.  Are there human.Jids  in space'i  Flying  saucers,  Aug.  1967:  12-14. 

Author  hypothesizes that the moon's  so-called "crust" is actually the filamen-
tous,  closely knitted,  microphyllous  foliage  of  various flourishing florae held 
up  to the sun for  energy and meteoritic fertilizer.  This  ''crust" also serves 
a:,;  a  global,  protective  roof for the  super-intelligent sentient beings who  live 
under  it and who  are among  the various kinds  of  extraterrestrials exploring 
our world. 

Da Silva,  Renato I.  No  espa~o nao  e::;tamos  sos.  Sl'io  Pa•tlo,  Edart,  1966.  213  p. 

Theories relating to possibility of  life  on  the  moon  and other planets are sum-
marized.  Parapsychological phenomena of  mental  telepathy,  precognition, 
ESP,  premonition,  and astral projection are discussed as they  might  relate to 
contact with  extraterrestrial entities or intelligences. 

Do  other humans live?  Newsweek,  v.  52,  Nov.  17,  1958:  56. 

Dole,  Stephen H.  Habitable planets for  man.  New  York,  Blaisdeli  Publishing Co., 

1962.  158 p. 

Outlines necessary requirements for planets on which human beings as biologi-
cal species (H.Jmo  sapiens)  can live,  and essential properties reQuired of  stars 
!hat would provide  heat and light to such planets.  Suggests  that probability of 
finding  ir:digenous  intelligtnt life  on  other habitable planets  is  remote. 

Dole,  Stephen and :isaac  Asimov.  Planets for  man.  New  York,  Random  House, 

1964.  242 r. 

A less technkal presentation of  ideas detailed in Habitable  Planets for  Mau  by 
Dole.  Predic'·s possible consequences  of  eventual  interstella~ trips by  man. 

Drake,  Frank D. 

Intelligent  life  in  space.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1962.  128  p. 

Summary of facts  that  seem to  indicate existence of  many civilizations in space 
ar:d discussion of ways  in which  men on earth might  contact  such civilizations. 

Drake,  W.  R.  Man  c;;i  the threshold of  space.  Flyi~.g saucer review,  v.  6,  Nov. -

Dec.  lu60:  22-24. 

'l'he  author considers the prospects that await man as he prepares to travel to 
othel' planets. 

----- Mercury,  Jupiter,  and others:  can life exist?  Flying saucer rioview,  v.  6, 

Sept. -Oct.  1960:  18-22. 

Survey of .fact and speculation on possiblilty of life on  Mercury, Jupiter and 
lesser known bodies in earth's solar system. 

Edwa;:ds,  Frank.  Arthur c.  Clarke looks at the universe.  Fate,  v.  12,  May  1959: 

68-75. 

Astr')nomer and science fiction writer Arthur C.  Clarke expresses his belief 
that  ~ntelligent beings unquestionably e}dst  in other parts of  the universe and 
might visit our solar system. 

Ehrensvard,  Gosta C.  Man on  a11other  world.  Chicago and  London,  University of 

Chicago  Press,  1965.  182  p. 

Some  common fa('tors  o!  ; ife  as a universal phf-nomenon are suggested,  espe-
cially the  expansive  r>Xtiression  of life that  involves a  certain degree of  aware-
ness.  Translation  of ~xpansion:  liv  i  universum  (Stockhom,  Aldus/Bonniers, 
1961). 

Eiseley,  Loren C. 
80-82,  84,  86. 

Is  man alone  in space?  Scientific  American,  v.  189,  July  1953: 

The  author,  an anthropologist,  considers whether--in the  light  of what  we  know 
about  evolution--another genus  Homo  may have arisen on a  planet similar to 
the earth. 

Ewing,  Ann.  Life  in  all  solar systems?  Science  newsletter,  v.  86,  Sept.  26,  1964: 

199. 

Fears,  Francis  R.  Silicon and extrater:-estrial life  for.us.  Journal of space flight, 

v.  2,  Nov.  1950:  5-6. 

A life form based on silicon metabolism which  would  remotely  resemble the 
life on our planet  cannot exist under  such environmentai conditions as are 
found  on  earth.  It might exist ln an  entirely alien set of  circumstances wt.tch 
are at 9resent beyond our conception. 

Ferber,  Adolph  C.  The  secret of  human life on  other w0rlds.  New  York,  Pageant 

Press,  1957.  105 p. 

Spi:ritnal origin and nature of life are explained,  not  only on  OUi"  world but  also 
on the other worlds in our so:ar system.  Writings o1  Emanuel Sweden!xwg, 
who  claimed to have visited the  moon  and planets of our solar system by asti·al 
projection,  are freely quoted. 

F'irsoff,  Valdemar A.  An  ammonia-based li!e.  Discvvery,  v.  23,  Jan.  1~63:  36-

42. 

Development of  inorgctJ1ic  polymers which bear a  rt-semblance to organic  com-
pounds but have,  wholly or partly,  a  diiferent chemical i1asis  has led to specu-
lations on various alternative life schemes.  When  liquid ammonia replaces 
water as a  universal  solvent,  ammonolysis of  the analogue compounds in an 
ammono-organic 1;hemistry can  replace hydrolysis in the process of digestion. 
The  same reactiom, of  chemical degradation which  yield energy by  oxidation in 
our system would be performed in that  of  ammonia through the agency of  nitro-
gen.  Instead of water and carbon dioxide as final  products,  ammonia and cyano-
gen C2N2 which  ia the ammonia analogue of  C02 1  would be produced.  Equiv:i -
lent organic compounds in a  nitrogen-based life system are given. 

----- Life beyond the earth.  New  York,  B!lsic  Books,  Inc ..  1963.  320 p. 

Origin of  life on earth and elsewhere is discussed,  its  subsequent evolution and 
presf'nt condition,  and such for'!::;  i:-f  it as deviate  most from  human  standards 
and thereby promise insight  into alien structures that  may exist on  other worlds. 
Rang2 of environm~;:ts are examined within which  life as we  know  it is possible 
as well as organic  chemistries that  would be  viable  in  envit'onments where ter-
restrial life could not  exist. 

----- Life,  mind and  galaxies.  Edi•1burgh  and  London,  Oliver &  3oyd,  1967.  1!1 p. 

Eviuence is presented to saow that life ii:  not  a  freak occurrence in  the universe 
of  stars and nebulae,  but an  integral part of  its general pattern,  and will arise 
naturally from the inorganic  substratum wherevn and whenever conditions be-
come suitable for  it,  and,  that these  may be suitable for  life of  a  different  chem-
It is postulat-
ical order t-ven  ·'hough unfit for our type of carbohydrate biology. 
ed that no  definite  boundary can be fixed between the  organic and the inorganic 
world,  whir.h  shade into  each other by imµerceptible  degrees.  Nor  can the 
emergence 0: :nind be pinpointed in biological evolution.  There  is unity in 
nature  -- one  encompassing  reality. 

Flammarion,  Camille.  Stories of  infinity:  L1~nen--history of  a  comet--in infinity. 

Boston,  Roberts Broihers,  1873.  287  p. 

Discourse on the possibility of  living forms throughout  the universe that are un-
known on  earth.  The  universe is postulated as an  infinity and earthly life  as 
but  a  phase of  infinity.  Translated from the  French by  S.  R.  Crocker. 

Friedman,  Bruno.  Millions  of  inhabited planets.  Flying saucer  review,  v.  10, 

May-June  1964:  7-10. 

The following questions are considered:  (1)  What  makes scientists so sure 
today that there is intelligent life  in space?  (2)  Where do we  locate such living 
beings?  (3)  Are they mor~ int~lligen•,  just as,  or less intelligent than we are 'i 
(4)  How  can we  commuuicate with them,  considering that they are likely to be 
completely differrnt from  us,  have a  comp1.E>tely different kind of language, 
:and c\•en completely differ~nt patterns of t'  ght 't 

Fuhs,  Allen  E.  Visual  sf'nsitivity or  residents of other planets.  ARS  Journal,  v.  30, 

Ju1'~ 196(1:  577. 

Visual  sensitivity of hypothe~ized intelligent beings outside our solar syste&n  is 
discussed. 

Fuller,  B.  A.  G.  Flying  saucers.  The  journal of philosophy,  v.  49,  Aug.  14,  1952: 

545-559. 

Postulating that  int~'lligent hfe exists in forms  quite different from  ours and is 
dispersed throughout  the universe,  the  J.Uthor speculates on proceedings of a 
"cosmic  Congress·· induding all kinds of  "Saucerians. ''  Delegates of  every 
imaginable  aspect--"not to  speak of  others defying terrestrial biological 
classification'' - -would compare their religious,  moral,  social,  economic,  and 
political ways  of  life.  He  P.xpresses hope  that once the  myth of  a  superior race 
was exploded,  constants would appear in the various ways  of life and points of 
view and all planetary thinking would become  interplanetary in scope and scale. 

Gatland,  Kenneth W.  and Den·" D.  Dempster.  The  inhabited universe.  London, 

Alan Wingate,  1957.  182 p. 

The  theme  throughout  the book  is  that evolution is constantly bringing new forms 
of  life  into existence and that  creation is a  continuous process.  Man  is depicted 
as the product,  not  merely !lf a  limited biological development,  but  of an in-
herent facet  of  cosnnc  evolution. 

Gauroy,  Pierre.  Les mondes du  ciel:  terrc>s  vivantes on cimetieres?  Paris, 

Librarie  Artheme  Fayard,  1960.  303  p. 

Inquiry into whether  intelligent life  could exist on 'Jther planets in our solar 
system based on  current scientific data. 

Greenstein,  Jesse L.  Speculation on  man and 1.he  universe.  Pasadena,  Calif.,  The 

Author,  1967.  11  p. 

Speculating that organic  evolution throughout  the  uni'.'erse would  lead to life first 
in the water and then  on  land,  the author  suggests the  common later develop-
ment  of  mi11d  everywhere,  because of the  inevitable  growth of  organic complex-
ity.  We  have  to be  ready to accept  the emotional  impact on  our scheme of  val-
ues  of accepting an odd extraterrestrial form  of  life as brother or sister.  The 
green,  three-eyed creatures of  some di.slant world may have lived civilized 
lives for  billions of years longer than there has  been life on earth.  If all are 
part of  the common,  natural  evolution which  concentrates into mind,  we  must 
expect them to be probably like ourselves,  yet unimaginabiy  differ~nt. 

Harford,  J.  Rational  beings in other worlds.  Jubilee,  May  1962:  17-21. 

Helntze,  Carl.  Search among  the  stars.  Princeton,  Van  Nostrand,  i966.  175 p. 

Non-tt~chnical speculative discussion c.f  whether there  is  intelligent  life  in the 
universe. 

Heuer,  Kennet~&.  Men of other planets.  L-0r.don,  Vicior Gallancz,  Ltd.,  1{151. 

160 p. 

Text combines scienc£o and fancy  in speculation about p!urality of  inhabited 
worlds.  Author hypothesizes that there are worlds without  end of  every con-
ceivable description in the universe; they are inhabited by  intelligent beings 
whose forms,  organs,  and number of  senses are infinitely diverse as result of 
physicai conditions peculiar to their particular worlds. 

Holmes,  David C.  The  search for  life on other worlds.  New  York,  Sterli~ Pub-

lishing Co.,  1966.  240  p. 

Non-technical discussion of  man's place in the cosmos and possibility of  intel-
ligent life throughout  the universe. 

Howe1: s,  W.  Would other humans look like us':  In  Mankind in  the  making,  New 

York,  Doubleday  & Co.,  1959.  p.  53-58. 

Speculations are made on the probable form  of  extraterrest: ial intelligent  lif~. 
This life would be  similar to  man  in  many  respects:  a supporting structure, 
a liquid nutrient system,  a  nervous system,  a large brain.  Two  sexes seem 
likely;  beings would be  land dwelling.  Symmetry and coordination dictate pro-
bability of  two  arms each with  multiple fingers,  but  there may be four legs  in-
stead of two.  H  man  were  eradicated,  it  is likely that  intelligent life would  have 
to  evol.ve  all  over  again  since  present  animals  have  pas~eri the  point  of 
differentiation. 

Hoyle,  Fred.  Man  in the universe.  New  York and  London,  Columbia University 

Press,  1966.  81  p. 

In astronomy,  the author says,  we  are facecl  by  contradictions.  Not  all the  ap-
parent data of  the  moment  can be  correct; we  do not  know  which fragments are 
right and which  are wrong.  Because we  cannot  experiment with  the universe, 
we  live in a kind of shifting uncertainty,  shifting because as the  years pass the 
balance of  certainty of  a  given piece of data changes. 

Huang,  Su-shu.  Occurrence of  life  in  the universe.  American  scientist,  v.  47, 

Sept.  1959:  397-402. 

Prerequisites for  the occurrence of  life,  espechilly in an advanced form,  are 
discussed in the light of  current knowledge  of  the  stars and their evolution. 

Huang,  Su ·Shu  ::o:-d  R.  H.  Wilson,  Jr.  Astronomical aspects of  the emergence of 

intPaige:iee.  1:ew York,  Institute of the Aerospace Sciences,  1963.  15 p. 
(l,\S P::>.per  no.  63-48) 

The astronomical  background which  makes possible the emergence and develop-
ment  of  intelligence in the universe is discussed.  Stellar populations are re-
lated to the occurrence of  life,  and criteria arP given for the life-supporting 
ability of a  star.  Environmental conditions necessary for life on j>lanets a:":'e 
presented. 

Jackson,  Francis  L.  :md  Patrick Moore.  Life in the  universe.  New  York,  W.  W. 

Norton,  1962.  140 p. 

APplies current knowledge  in astronomy,  biology,  botany,  and chemistry to 
consideration of theo:-ies about  extraterrestrial life.  Concludes that in obstrv-
able universe there must be  millions of planets supporting carbon-based life 
similar in principie to terrestrial forms but greatly varied in detail. 

King,  George.  Lile on the planets.  Hollywood,  Calif.,  The  Aetherius Society, 

1958.  29  p. 

Series of  lectures dealing with  life in generJ ::in  the planets Mars,  Venus, 
Jupiter,  and Saturn.  There is also a  lerh:::e dealing with the  system of  ~overn­
ment--Interplanetary Parliament--adoph: 1 by  rEsidents of these planets.  Infor-
mation allegedly transmitted telepathically to adhor. 

Last,  Cecil  E.  Man  in the universe.  London,  Werner Laurie,  1954.  166 p. 

The  universe is conceived as a  non-mechanical  r.<:!ality. 
such a  universe,  the idea is elaborated that  mind :s the supreme factor  in the 
economy of the universe and that  matter is derived from  consciousness and 
not  consciousness from  matter,  in accordance with the suggestions of  Jean,  d~ 
Broglie,  and  Planck,  supported by  Einstein and Schrodinger. 

!n association with 

Leiber,  Fritz.  Homes for  men in the stars.  Science digt>st,  v.  58,  Sept.  1965: 

53-57. 

Lewellen,  John.  You  and  space neighbors.  Chicago,  Chilciren's  Press,  1953.  58 p. 

Discussion fol'  juveniles of  proba.bl~ conditions  on phnets in our solar system 
and whether these conditions would  support intelligent life of  the sped.es homo 
sapiens. 

Ley,  Willy.  The  mighty  invaders from  outer space.  Catholic  digest,  v.  22,  Apr. 

1958:  25-29. 

"Portrait" of  the  man from planet X: 
and meat;  (3)  he  is probably not  much larger than the  lar1~est human being;  (4) 
he  weighs at least 40  pounds and  probably more;  (5)  he has a  skull  of  some 
kind;  (6)  he  t.as  two eyes and ears;  (7)  his eyes and ears are near the brain;  and 
(8)  he  has h<i.nds  and feet.  Condensed from  This Week,  Nov.  10,  1957. 

(1)  he  breathes air;:  (2)  he  eats both plants 

291 

Life on  other planets  -- what are the possibilities?  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966: 

8-11. 

Summar:; of  current scientific <!ata  on the possibility of intelligent life on  other 
planets in our soiar system.  Reprinted from  the  BU FORA  (Er1gland)  Journal 
and Bulletin. 
-
. 
. 

LOnnqvist,  c.  Maillliskan  pi  Varldsteatern.  Stock..~olm.  Ljus,  AB,  1947.  218 p. 

Discussion of  the  possihility of intelligent life on other worlds. 

Mccolley,  Grant  and H.  W.  Miller.  Saint  Bonaventur~,  Fi·ancis  Mayron,  William 
Vorilong and the doctrine of a  plurality of  worlds.  Speculum,  v.  12,  July 1937: 
38€-389. 

MacGowan,  Roger A.and  Frederick I.  Ordway,  UJ. 

Intelligence in the universe. 

Englewood Cliffs,  N.  J.,  Prentice-Hall,  19G6.  402  p. 

Subject of extra-solar intelligence is analyzed by survey of  the existing litera-
ture,  original interpretations oi established facts.  and conjectures based on 
theory and observation. 

McHugh,  L.  C.  Others out yonder.  America.  v.  104,  Nov.  26,  .t960:  295-297. 

Macvey,  John W.  Alone  in the un•verse?  New  York,  Macmillan,  1963.  273 p. 

Author  considers speculatively and at length the types of  beings that  may exist 
in space in extra-solar systems.  Suggests that appearance of  mankind on earth 
may have been  result of  colonization by another planet  or star-system,  and 
that  appearance of  UFOs  coold harbinger second coming ')fa race from  outer 
space. 

Margaria,  Rodolfo.  On  the possible existencP.  of  intelligent living beings on  other 

planets.  In  XIIth  International  Astronautical Congress,  Washington,  D. C., 
1961.  Proceedings.  Edited by Robert M.  L.  Baker,  Jr.,  and Maude W. 
Makemson.  Vienna,  Springer-Verlag,  New  York and  London,  Academic  Press, 
1963.  p.  556-563. 

On  a  statistical basis,  the author  rules out  the possibility that superior forms 
of  life have developed on  other planets that would lead finally  to living  beings 
that have the same type of  intelligence as man and with whom  man  might 
communicate. 

Maunder,  E.  Walter.  Are the planets inhabited?  London  and  New  York,  Harper  & 

Bros ..  1913.  165  p. 

Discussion of  the controversy on the plurality of  inhabited worlds. 

Mugler,  c.  Deux  themes de  la cosmologie grecque:  devenir  cyclique pluralite 

des :nondes.  Paris,  Librarie C.  Klincksieck,  1953.  192  p. 

Survey of Greek literature for indications of a  belief in the  extraterrestrial 
origin of man and the  existence of intelligent life throughout the  universe. 

Munitz,  Milton K.  Theories of  the  universe from  Babylonian  myth to  modern sci-

ence.  Glencoe,  Ill.,  The  Free Press,  1957.  437  p. 

Survey of  c.irrent trends in scientific  cosmology against the background of 
earlier efforts and achievements.  Beginning with one  of the earliest ventures 
in the form  of  myth,  materials are included exhibitir.g the  principal stages of 
progress in  cosmological inquiry from antiquity up  to the  present time. 

The  mystery of other worlds  revealed.  Greenwich,  Conn.,  Fa·.vcett  Publications, 

1952.  H~ p. 

Chapter headings include:  Ule  on other worlds; communication with other 
worlds; the expanding universe; possibilities  of  an invasion base on the  moon; 
a  case for flying  saucers;  investigation of  the  Carolina saucer; are the flying 
saucers Russian-owned 'i 

Ordway,  Frederick I.,  Ill.  Life  in other sokr systems.  New  York,  E.  P.  Dutton, 

Inc.,  1965.  96  p. 

Reviews  growing  indirect and direct evident·e of  life-supporting extra-solar 
planetary systemf with intf lligent  communities and  speculates on the  nature  of 
extra-solar beings. 

Pearman,  J.  P.  T.  Extraterrestrial !ntelligent life  and interstellar communication: 

an  informal discussion.  In  CamH:m,  A.  G.  W.,  ed.  Interstellar communica-
tion.  New  York,  W.  A.  Benjamin,  Inc.,  1963.  p  287-293. 

From consideration of the prcc;;pects for existenc'! ..;f  other societies  in our 
galaxy an1 the problems  involved in establishi1.g communication with them,  it 
is concluderi that,  if the  more optimistic  values  of  communicative lifetime are 
chosen,  the  number of  civilizations becomes  105 to  109 and the distance of  the 
nearest civilization is estimated at ten to a  few  hundred light-years. 

Perego,  Angelo.  Rational  life beyond the earth'?  Theology digest,  v.  7,  Fall  1959: 

177-178. 

Posi.1,  Daniel  Q.  Life  beyond our planet.  New  York,  MacGraw-Hill.  1962.  128  p. 

Non -technical discussion of planets of  solar system,  consideration of  whether 
life  of  any kind  exists  on them,  and discussion of ways  of  communicating with 
these or planets of  other snlar systems. 

Quarnstrom,  Gunnar.  Dikkn  uch  · .C'\I  1:'-'.·a  vc•tens!<.a,11"n.  L'"1'c1'  Sweo'en  C  w  K 
. 
-

... - ' 

·' 

" 

Gleer~p,  1961.  300  p. 

' 

. 

. 

Menzel,  Donald H.  Life  in the universe.  [ n.p.,  1965]  219  p. 

The  chances of finding  intelligent life within  our own  solar system are discus-
sed Md it is concluded th~t they appear  "vanishingly small. "  It is suggested 
that the  Milky Way  might  contain up  to  a  million planets inhabited by intelligent 
life;  however,  the chances are that the nearest  such inhabited planet is so far 
away that  if we  were to send out  a  radio signal,  we  should have to wait  2,000 
years for the  reply.  Reprinted from  The  graduate  journal,  v.  7,  Winter 1965: 
195-219. 

----- The  universe in action.  Birmingham,  Ala.,  The Rushton  Lectures  Founda-

tion,  1962.  71  p.  (The  Rushton lectures,  1957) 

Discussion of  the universe as it was,  is now,  and will  be  in the far diDta.nt  fu-
ture through evolutfon.  The  belief is expressed that  life,  even human or super-
human,  may exist in  millions of places in the universe. 

Moore,  Patrick. 

157 p. 

'!'he worlds around us.  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman,  1956. 

Outlines conditions under which  carbon-based life  can survive and applies them 
to sun,  moon,  planets,  satellites,  and asteroids in  the solar system.  Hypothe-
sizing that this is the only kind of life possible in the universe,  author concludes 
that  men on  earth are alone  in the  solar system.  Asserts that  reports about 
visits to earth by  extraterrestrial spacecraft are only good  stories. 

Moreux,  Theophile.  Les autres mondes,  sont-ils habites?  Paris,  Editions Scien-

tifica,  1912.  134 p. 

Analyzes current information and theories bearing on  existence of human life 
forms  on  other planets of the  solar system.  New  edition published in  Paris 
(G.  Doin)  1950. 

Motz,  Lloyd.  Extra-terrestrial intelligence and stellar evolution.  New  York, 

Institute of the  Aerospace Sciences,  1963.  16 p. 

(IA.:;  Paper no.  63-49) 

Author postulates that  in view  of  modern theories on  the origin of  the solar sys-
tem,  it is  reasonable to  conclude that all  stars like the  sun that are not  binary 
systems are the centers of  i.lanetary systems like  our own.  Analysis of  the 
role that  d~nsity distribution in the original  solar nebula and the  solar tidal 
action and turbulence played in  th·~ formation  of  the planets leads to the  con-
clusion that in  each of the  stellar planetary systems there are planets like the 
earth,  Mars,  and Venus  that are capa·ole  of  supporting  intelligent  life. 

Muller,  Wolfgang  D.  Man  among the  stars.  New  York,  Criterion Books,  1957. 

307  p. 

Mental  t.our  of  the  solar system and speculation about  the  living beings that 
may  reside in  other worlds.  Translation of  Du  wirst die  Erde sehn als Stern 
(Stuttgart,  Deutsche  Verlags-Anstalt,  1955). 
·--

Qiestion of  inhabited planets and the plurality of worlds is reviewed in cormec-
tion with th~ astronomical revolution.  The  idea and the wishful dream connect-
ed throughout the centuries with the  conception of  other celestia! bodies are ex-
amined:  the  idea  of  a flying  man,  "homo volans, •·  and the dream of  reaching 
othe.r planets,  especially the moon. 

Raible,  D.  c.  Men from  other planets?  Catholic  digest,  v.  25,  Dec.  1960:  104-10& 

Revelle,  R.  Sailing  in new  and old oceans.  A. I.  B. S.  Bulletin,  v.  12,  Oct.  1962: 

45-47. 

If modern theories about the formation of stars are correct,  vrobably the great 
majority of  stars have planets around them.  On at least some of  these,  life 
may have  evolved in a  benefir.ent  realm of  light  and liquid water and in an atmo-
sphere of  oxygen and nitrogen to a  level as high and perhaps much higher,  than 
the highest life known  on  earth.  Communication with  intelligent beings of  plan-
ets of other stars would be  almost impossible because of the distance involved. 

Rich,  Valentin a.nd  Mikhail  Chernenko.  Tracks that lead to space.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  6,  May-June  1960:  3-6. 

Translation ·Jf  article in Literaturnaya Gazeta of  Moscow  in which Soviet  scien-
tist M.  A.  Agrest advances hypothesis that intelligent life exists in  outer space 
and  earth has been visited by  space travelers fo:r  aeons. 

Robinson,  Jack and Mary Robinson.  The  case for  extraterrestrial little men.  Sau-

cer news,  v.  13,  Fall  1966:  7-9. 

Presents scientifically feasible  biokgical hypothesis for  existence of  humanoid 
extraterrestrial beings. 

Robinson,  Louis.  Are  there men in other worlds?  Current literature,  v.  44, 

June  1908:  672-677. 

Rocha,  Hugo.  Outrus  mundos  outras humanidades.  Porto,  Editora Educacao 

Nacional,  1958.  37J  p. 

First part of  book presents arguments from the literature and from  scientific, 
philosophical,  and  religious writings supporting and opposing  the  the•·ry  of  a 
plurality of  inhabited worlds.  Second part gives  reports of  individuald  claiming 
contact with  extraterrestrials,  including  Adamski,  Bethurum,  Fry,  Allingham, 
Jorge and Napy  Duclout,  Kraspedon,  and  Ramatis and de  Freitas Gui!Ylarll'.es. 

Rosenberg,  Paul.  Communication with extraterrestrial intelligence.  Aerospace 

engineering,  v.  21,  Aug.  1962:  68-69,  111. 

Author states that prevailing cosmological theory and laboratory experiments 
support the hypothesis that life exists outside earth's solar system.  Electro-
magnetic  signaling seems to be the only means  now  at our disposal for attempt-
ing  to communicate with any extraterrestrial intelligence that  may  ~xist.  Meth-
ods for  communicating and receiving such signals,  and speculation as to the type 
of  message an extraterrestrial might transmit are reviewed. 

Ross,  John C.  A scientist looks at life on  other worlds.  Fate,  v.  12,  APr.  1959: 

86-89. 

Nobel prize winner Dr.  ME'lvin  Calvin asserts that life is inevitable  on  other 
worlds throughout  the universe and that we  may e:...1Ject  to find life forms  more 
intellectually developed than man. 

Sagan,  Carl.  Direct contact among galactic  civilizations by  relativistic interstellar 

spaceflight.  Planetary and space science,  v.  11,  May  1963:  485-498. 

Author postulates that there exists in the  galaxy a  loosely integrated community 
of diverse civilizations,  cooperating in the exploration and sampling of astro-
nomical  objects and their inhabitants.  There is therefore the  likelihood that 
earth was visited at least once during historical times by an advanced civilization. 

----- The quest for  life beyond the earth. 

In  Smithsonian Institution.  Annual  re-
port of the board of  regents for the  yearending June  30,  1964.  Washington, 
D.  C.,  U.S.  GLvt.  Print.  Off.,  1965.  p.  297-306. 

Questions  on  the possibility of  extraterrestrial life and the origin of  life are dis-
cussed and alternative interpretations of available data given. 

Saunders,  Alex.  Alien life contemplation.  Flying saucers,  Oct.  1966:  21-22. 

Speculates on the possibility of  sentient life on other planets and on the  implica-
tions for  man  of  contact with  such beings. 

Schatzman,  Evry.  La vie  existe-t-elle  sur les autres planetes?  [Paris,  Universite 

de  Paris,  Palais de la D~couverte,  1963]  15  p. 

Argument favoring  hypothesis  of  intelligent life  on planets throughout the galaxy. 

Schiaparelii,  G.  V.  M;i.rs  den gadefulde planet.  Randers  [Oversat  af  E.  Slej] 

Denmark,  UFO-NYTs  Forlag,  1965.  73  p. 

Surface features of  Mars,  especially its ''canals, " are discussed as possible 
indications of  intelligent life on that planet.  Translation of 11rticle  entitled 
"Ueber die beobachteten  Erscheinungen auf  der Oberflache des  Planeten Mars,·· 
in Himmel und  Erde,  v.  1,  1888:  85-102,  147-159. 

Serviss,  Garrett P.  Curiosities of the  sky.  New  York,  Harper & Bros.,  1909. 

268  p. 

A broad general view of  the  chief mysteries and problems of astronomy is 
given;  possibility of  life and intelligence on the  moon and on  Mars is discussed. 

Sewall,  Frank.  Life on  other planets as dei;<'ril)f>d  ~--~·  £w::d.::->tl.J..>rg. 

Swedenborg Scientific  Association,  1911.  20 p. 

f'.ti: :adelphia, 

Discussion of Swecienborg's description of planets in the solar system and their 
inhabitants which he claimed to have  visited  by astral projection. 

~hapley,  Harlow.  Extraterrestrial life.  Astronautics,  v.  5,  Apr.  1960:  32-33, 

50,  52. 

It is postulated that homo  sapiens as a  species may be unique,  but there is good 
reason to  expect that there are habitable planets with higher forms of life in 
other soJar systems. 

----- Riddle  of  God,  man and outer space.  Coronet,  v.  49,  Feb.  1961:  40-44. 

Shklovskii,  Josef  S.  and  Carl Sagan.  Intelligent life in the universe.  Authorized 

translation by  Paula  Fern.  San  Francisco,  Holden-Day,  1966.  509  p. 

Extension and revision by Sagan  tJf  Shklovskii • s  V selenna'Ia,  zhizn ',  :razum 
[Universe,  Life,  Mind]  (Moscow,  1963).  Includes  study oi earth's solar S~'S­
tem,  discussion of  nature of  life  and  its possible occurrence on other planets, 
treatment of  pos~ibility that advanced commuriicative technical  civilizations 
exist on planets of  other stars,  and discussion of problems in establishing con-
tact with  civilizations separated from earth by  interstellar distances. 

Simpson,  George G.  The  nonprevalence  0f humanoids.  Science,  v.  143,  Feb.  21, 

1964:  769-775. 

States following  conclusions:  (1)  there are certainly no humanoids  elsewhere in 
the solar system of  which  earth is part;  (2)  there is probably no  extraterrestrial 
life  in the  solar system of  which  1~arth is part,  but  the  possibility is not  wholly 
excluded as regards  Mars;  (3)  there probably are forms of  life on  other plane-
tary systems somewhere in the  universe,  but  if so it  is unlikely that we  can 
learn anything whatever about them,  even as to the  bare fact  of  their real  exis-
tence;  (4)  it is extremely improbable that  such forms  of  life include humanoids, 
and apparently as near impossible that we  could ever communicate with them in 
a  meaningful and useful way if they did exist. 

Slater,  Alan  E.  The  probability of  intelligent life evolving  on  a planet.  In  VIIIth 

International Astronautical  Congress,  Barcelona,  1957.  Proceedings.  Vienna, 
Springer-Verlag,  1958.  p.  395-402. 

Report traces briefly the  evolution of the  human  species from primitive life 
forms and  shows  that the  differentiation thai  eventually led to  man was far from 
inevitable.  Conckdes that  it  seems imprcbable that other forms  of  intelligent 
life will  be found  by  voyagers through  spacr .. 

Uoan,  Eug~ne A.  Artificial biosphere.  Science,  v.  132,  July 22,  1960:  252. 

Author supports suggestion of 
one  way to  detect  extraterrestrial intelligence and hypothesizes that intelligent 
beings  most probably have  detected us. 

investigating solar far-irJrared radiations as 

Smith,  S.  L.  The problems of  exobiology.  Part I: 
journal and  bulletin,  v.  1,  Winter  1965:  13-16. 

the origin ,~f life.  BU FORA 

Examination of  the possibility of  life  existing beyond earth at a  level of  develop-
ment compatible  with  the possession of  interplanetary spaceships. 

----- The  problems of  exobiology.  Part II:  life  in the  solar system.  BU FORA 

journal and bulletin,  v.  L  Spring  1966:  13-18. 

Article discusses whether the  processes that  led to the evolution of  man could 
have  occ!urred 'beyond the  solar system. 

----- The  problems of  exobiology.  Part ID: 

life beyond the  solar system.  BUFORA 

journal and  bulletin,  v.  1,  Summer 1966:  10-14. 

Considers whether a process similar to that which  led to the  evolution of  man 
could have  occurred beyond the  solar system; and if not,  are there any  other 
possible chemical processes that  could lead to  an alien form  of  life. 

Sullivan,  Walter.  We  are not alone.  New  York,  McGraw-Hill,  1964.  325  p. 

Traces evolution of  man's concept of the  cosmos and his place in it and discus-
ses possibility  and implications of  universality of  intelligent life.  Rev.  ed. 
1966. 

Suspect human life on  millions of planets.  Science newsletter,  v.  74,  Nov.  22, 

1958:  328. 

Warcer,  George Woodward.  The  ciUes of  the  sun.  New  York,  G.  W.  Dillingham, 

1901.  320  p. 

Argues that the  suns  of the unive r .::e  are not  hot  or burning globes but  are self-
luminous perfected worlds--the perscnal  residence of  Deity  and the  future  aboqe 
of  man.  Housed  in the  "heavenly  mansions  and beautiful cities'' of  the  sun are 
the former  citizens of  the  solar planets,  including earth's departed spirits. 

White,  George S.  A book  of  revelations:  a  true narrative of  life  on  many planets. 

Los  Angel~s,  The  Author,  1945.  198 p. 

Histo:-y  of  the  earth and planets from  creation to the present time  (1945)  as  re-
corded in the  "Master Book  of  Life" and  revealed by  "cosmic teachers." 

Williams,  Henry S.  Are the planets inhabited?  Hearst's magazine,  v.  24,  Aug. 

1913:  284-286. 

Younghusband,  Francis.  Life  in the stars.  London,  John  Murray,  1927.  222  p. 

An  exposition of  the  view  that on  some planets of  some stars exist beings  that 
are higher  on  the  e'1olutionary scale than  man and that on one of them exists 
"the  supreme embc..Jiment  of  the eternal spir!t which  animates the whole. " 

=====================================================
PHILOSOPHY 

Adamski,  George.  Cosmic philosophy.  [San Diego,  Calif.]  The  .i:.uthor,  1961. 

87  p. 

Author  expounds  docti"ine  of  man's unity with all life taught by extraterrestrial 
beings with whom  he  t-as  allegedly been in contact. 

----- Flying  saucers farewell.  London,  New  York,  Abelard-Schuman,  1961.  190 p. 

Adamski  discusses the  reasons spacecraft from  other planets are visiting earth 
and  roan's place in  the universe as reportedly revealed to  him  throug~. contact 
with  beings from Venus,  Mars,  and  Saturn.  Published also with  title Behind 
the  Flying Saucer Mystery by  Paperback Library (53-43fl),  Nf'w  York. 

Barton,  Michael  X.  Release your cosmic power.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press, 

1961.  33 p. 

A ''way of  life"  based on the  ''cosmic  secret of  balance" is described.  Informa-
tion allegedly transmitted to  author telepathically by  extraterrestrial being·>. 

----- Secrets of  higher contact.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1959.  30  p. 

Techniqu€  by  which  human beings  may  ''reach up  into the high  conscioisness of 
the  Interplanetary Beings and  contact them" is revealed.  Information trans-
mittPd telepathically to  author  by  "space  brothers." 

- ·--- The  spac€masters  speak.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1960.  34  p. 

Messages from  beings  on  Mars,  Venus,  and  Antares allegedly transmitted tele-
pathically to  author for delivery during  the  Harmony Grove  (Escondido,  Calif.) 
Spacecraft  Convention,  July  2-4,  1960. 

----- Venui;;ia,n  health  magir..  Los  Angeles,  Futura  Press,  1959.  59 p. 

The  "space brothers"--the  Venusians--reveal how  t0 use  Lifetrona to  rid the 
hui:ian  body  of  its ills and  asaure  r~diant health and vitality. 

Barton,  Michael  X.  Venusian  st·~·:-ei.-science.  Los  AngE."les,  Futura  Press,  1958. 

76  p. 

Seven-lesson course to re,·eal  secret-science allegedly formulated on  Venus  33 
millian ~ears ago and <!esigned  to speed earth-ma.i's evolution by  stimulating 
"tne  total  mind  as  wt•ll  as  the  soul. "  Information  transmitted  to  author 
telepathically. 

----- World secret of  Fatima.  L<>s  Angelt>s,  Futura  Press,  1962.  35 p. 

Fatima message teaches  that  there exists in  the unh·erse one law  in three parts: 
(1)  bE- a  life spirit;  (2)  do l<.H'  all  of  1ife.  and (3)  have wisdom,  knowingn!'ss  and 
the truth.  J..aw  is fulfilled only  by dt:.n"nstrating affinity for all  life. 

----- Your part in lhe great plan.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1960.  30  p. 

Discusaes what  man's purpose is and how  he  may fulfill  it.  Suggests that we 
are now living al the end of an age and predicts that  earth will  undergo big geo-
logical  changes. 

Bethurum,  Truman.  The voice of  the planet Clarion.  Prescott,  Ariz.,  The  Author, 

[195-]  88 p. 

Collection of poetry and prose written by  Bethurum while  he  was allegedly un-
der the tele)!athic  contrul of  Aura Rhanes,  the female  captain of  a  spacecraft 
from the planet Clarion. 

The  book  of spaceships and their relationship w!th earth,  by the gocl  of a  planet near 

the earth and others.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Publications,  1966.  70  p. 

Alleged communications from  rult:>rs  of  Mars,  Pluto,  Neptune,  Uranus,  Saturn, 
Jupiter,  Venus,  Mercury,  and  three  undiscovered planets describing their in-
habitants,  civilization,  and philosophy.  Messages  reportedly i·eceived on  earth 
through  "psychic channeling. '' 

Danger from the  stars:  a  warning from the Space  Administration.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  7,  May-June  1961:  7. 
Article summarizes report prepared by  Brookings Institution,  Washingt0n,  D. c., 
in  1961  for the National  .\'=ronautics  and Space  Administration on  ramifications 
of  discovery of  intelligt.1c  life en other planets. 

Dewey,  Mark.  A man from  space sp12aks.  Houston,  Texas,  The  Author,  196G. 

38  !). 

A philosophy of  life allegedly dictated to author by  Ar:1ano,  a  teacher on  the 
planet Mars,  during dlrect contact  ov~r a  five-year period.  Postulates that 
Martians are the  ances~ors of terrestrials. 

Ferguson,  William.  A message from  outer space.  Oak  Park,  Ill.,  Golden  Age 

Press,  1955.  54 p. 

A translation decoding the  Book  of  Revelations allegedly given  to aIJthor tele-
pathically by  "Khauga,  the  angel  who  gave  it to St.  John.''  Flying  saucers are 
said to be  the  spacecraft of  "perfected beings" who  are "progressed ta a  four 
dimensional  state of  reality'' and who  are  ··preparing earth for  the  second com -
ing  of Jesus. " 

From Jupiter,  planet of  joy.  Los  Angeles,  DeVorss & Co.,  1967.  15  p. 

Message from  the  alleg~d rcler of  the planet  Jupiter who  gives the history of 
the planet,  describes its inhabitants,  and invites earth-men to vis!t that planet. 

From planet  Pluto with brotherly love.  Los  Angeles,  DeVross  &  Co.,  1967.  32  p. 

Ways  in which  life on  earth differs  fr1. 'll that  on  other planets are described by 
allE:-ged  ruler of  Pluto and  methoct  of  effecting a  reform  suggested.  Civilization 
of  Pluto  is discussed. 

Fry,  Daniel W.  The  curve of  development.  Lakemont,  Ga.,  CSA  Printers and 

Publishers,  1965.  75  p. 

Outlines  development  of  the human  soul  "through stages of  increasing ability 
and  manifestation. ''  Speculates that  there  may be other pianets where life, 
intelligence and  spiritual de\·elopment have nrogrcs:.eci beyond the average level 
achieved on Parth;  the earth human  may at  some  stage of his development  take 
up  residt-nce on  such an advanced planet where the environment  is  more con-
ducive to  rapid progress. 

Lulowin,  Sergius.  Gotter dn Atom-Zeit:  moderne Sagenbildung um  Raumschiffe 

und Sternenrnenschen.  Bern und  Miinchen,  Francke Verlag,  1967.  128  p. 

The  book  represents a  collection of  the  "new  stories and fairy tales" of  our agt:?. 
By  citing actual  reports  (references included)  the author shows the  results of 
an  unscientific  approach to the UFO  question:  fantastic  stories describing 
sp'lceship.'3,  beings from  other planets,  interviews conducted with  them,  reports 
of  their family  and  lovelife,  their work,  attempts to sabotage  terrestrial atom-
ic  plants,  attempts to  better  mankind,  warnings  of  the  harmful  effects of foods, 
and other problems. 

Halsey,  Wallace  C.  Cosmic  end-time  secrets.  Los  Angeles,  Futura  Press,  1965. 

102  p. 

Contains  collected writings,  lect1.1res,  and charts of  the  author.  UFOs,  their 
origin and purpose,  are discussed,  as well  as the  story of  creation;  the  Tower 
of  Babel;  our solar system's imbalance;  functions  of  the  Pyramids;  the  Infinite 
Light;  squaring the body;  pineal gland  or  "third eye'' developni~nt; teleportation; 
the work  of  the  Mekhizedek Order;  cosmic  high  noon;  the transitor beam;  the 
White  Stone;  and  the Solar  Tongue. 

Howard,  Dana.  Over the  threshold.  Los  Angeles,  Llewellyn  Publications,  1957. 

140 p. 

Subjedive report 'lf paranormal contact  between author and a  being  Irom  Venus 
who,  in mission to  "guide men in the ways of perfection, '·  discourses on  such 
subjects as:  The Intuitions;  Disease and  Destructic>n;  Reincarnation;  Religion; 
The Subworlds;  The  Alchemy of  Finance;  The  Secret .:>f  Youth;  and The  Mea:ting 
of  Co11sciousness. 

InvitaUon from the i>lanet  Venus.  Los  Angeles,  DeVorss  & Co.,  1967.  20  p. 

Culture and philosophy of  the inhabitants  of  the planet Venus  are described and 
the  mission of  Venusian spacecraft to ea1 ~~ discussed.  Material was allegedly 
dictate·! by  the  ruler of Ve:ms. 

King,  George.  A cosmic  message of divine opportunity.  Hollywood,  CaJif. ,  The 

Aetheril·s Society,  1964.  9 p. 

From a  spaceship in earth's atmosphere,  a  message is allegedly delivered to 
author through telepathic  communication with a  "Cosmic  Master'":  all  right-
thinking people  must  coordinate their efforts in such a  manner that as  much 
spiritual power and divine  ene;;.ogy  as possible can be  radiated to the  rest of 
1\,ankind. 

----- The day  the gods  came.  Los  Angeles,  The  Aetherius Society,  1965.  71  p. 

Text is comprised of  a  move-by-move  account of  how  on  July 8,  1964,  a  "great 
Hierarchal Being manipulated tremendous energies in order to perform the 
Cosmic Initiation of  Earth. "  Earth is rep!'esented as the  living,  breathing god-
dess  "Terra" who  "must shortly take her  rightful  place  in the cosmic  scheme 
of  evolution."  Informcttion allegedly transmitted telepathically to author by 
"cosmic  intelligences." 

----- Join your ship.  Hollywood,  Calif.,  The  Aetherius Society,  1964.  16 p. 

Details are given nf  a  meeting of  the Supreme  Tribunal  of  cosmic  intelligences 
allegedly held on  the planet Saturn on  May  29,  1964;  decisions affecting earth 
are discussed.  Author  claims to have  received transmissions telepathically. 

----- Life on  the planets.  Hollywood,  Calif.,  The  Aetherius Society,  1958.  29  p. 

Series of  lectures dealing with  life in general  on  the pla:iets  Mars,  Venus, 
Jupiter,  and Saturn.  There is also a  lecture dealing  with  system of  r;overnment 
--Interplanetary  Parliament--adopted by  residents of  these planets.  Informa-
tion allegedly transmitted telepathically to author. 

----- The  nine freedoms.  Los  Angeles,  The  Aetherius Society,  1963.  200  p. 

Gives a concise account  of  man's coming  to earth,  why  he  is here,  and why  he  is 
at the bottom of  the evolutionary ladder in this  solar system.  Outlines  the  ex -
act path through evolution that  man must take in order to become a  "God-man." 
Reveals the way  in which  man will  eventually attain the  "glorious  state of  inter-
planetary existence."  lnfo1-mation allegedly delivered to author  telepathically 
in nine  consecutive  transmissions by  "a prom:nent Master of unquestionable 
Cosmic Status." 

King,  George.  You  are  respons~ble.  London,  The Aetherius  Press,  1961.  173 p. 

Author  claims to be  in compl~te telepathic  rapport with people living on other, 
more evolved planets and provides detailed information from these entities  re-
garding the dangers of  radioactivity in its uncontrolled state such as atomic 
bomb experimentation. 

Macvey,  John W.  Journey to Alpha  Centauri.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1965.  256  p. 

Speculative consideration of  interstellar travel,  its prospects,  and implications. 
Study--in series of extracts from diaries--of human,  moral,  and sociological 
problems that  could confront first  stellar astronauts on  215-year expedition to 
Alpha Centauri during th~ seven generations the  trip would take. 

Menger,  Howard.  From outer space to you.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va.,  Saucerian Books, 

1959.  256  p. 

Rep'Jrt  of  contacts with visitors from  other  planets  and discussion of their 
philosophy. 

Miller,  Will  and  Evelyn Miller.  We  of the new  dimension.  Los  Angeles,  The 

Authors,  fl95-]  115  p. 

Intelligences from  other worlds and dimensions allegedly dictate the book  tele-
pathically to the  authors.  The  role of  the  individual  in  the universe and how  he 
can advance  into a well-balanced,  fuller life  is discussed. 

Mustapa,  Margit.  Book  of  brothers.  New  York,  Vantage  Press,  1963.  196 p. 

Allegedly  in  telepathic  contact with  'brothers·· from  Venus,  ar 
cates their messages to aid mankind  "grow  inwardly,  spiritual1J,  and  mentally 
toward extraplanetary dimensions  in  thinking. " 

.::onimuni-

The  mystery of  oth~r worlds  revealed.  Greenwich,  Cmm.  Fawcett  Publications, 

1952.  144  p. 

Chapter headings  include:  IUe  on  other worlds;  communication with  other 
worlds;  the  expanding universe;  possibilities  of  an  invasion base on  the  moon; 
a  case for  flying  saucers;  investigation of  the  Carolina saucer; are the flying 
saucers Russian-owned. 

Neph~ne from  experience gives  advice.  Los  Angeles,  DeVorss  &  Co.,  1P67.  16  p. 

Manner  ~n which  Neptune has  managed to  rid itself of  the  manipulators of  the 
money  syst0m and their following  dark forces is described by  the alleged ruler 
of  that planet. 

Pestalozzi,  Rudolph  H.  Letters to you  from  Baloran.  San  Francisco,  Kay  Publish-

ing  Co.,  ~965.  154  p. 

Baforan--an etheric being not  confined to a  single planet--allegedly transmits 
22  letters telepathically through  Pestalozzi.  Subjects discussed are:  (1)  efforts 
to ,start,  sustain,  and develop civilization on ti:•  planet earth;  (2)  incidents de-
scribed in the  Bible;  (3)  cause of the  tragecy that has befaHen  man  in this a.ge: 
(4)  man's perverted and distorteo doctrine of thought  and conduct: and (5)  end 
of  the present age and what  man should do  to adjust  to the  new  age. 

Plauet Mercury sends greetings.  Los  Angeles,  DeVorss  &  Co.,  1967.  32  p. 

Description of  the topography of the plane~ Mercury,  its cities.  and  inhabitants 
by  the  alleged ruler of the  p!anet.  Mission of  spacecraft sent  from  Mercury to 
earth is discussed. 

Pritchett,  E.  Blanche.  Transcripts of  "44."  Arlington,  V 

1966.  66 p. 

,  Marcap Council, 

Transcribed calls by  "44" to a  Salt  Lake  City,  Utah,  radio station.  Subjects 
discussed include  solar and galactic  government  and the  Solar and Galactic 
Councils;  the  twelve  planets  of  this solar system;  the  principle  of  ~emporal 
harmonics and the principle of  universal  balance and their application to the 
concepts of  reincarnation and Karma;  concept  resolution and the higher  levels 
of  existence; formation of  the  Planetary Council  and the  return of  Christ;  galac-
tic  zones;  space ships and the  Galactic  Communication Center;  and the  galactic 
central sun. 

Sumner,  F.  W.  The  coming golden age.  Los  Angele~,  New  A;;>;e  Publishing  Co., 

1957.  206  p. 

Five part treatise:  (1)  presentation of  cosmic  changes  now  in progress;  (2) 
messages from the  spirit world confirming these  changes:  (3)  forces  from 
other planets offered to assist man throug;1  this  crisis;  (4)  beginning of  (he 
New  Age;  and  (5)  interpretatio!l of  New  Age  objectives. 

Troxwell,  Hope.  The  Mohada  teachings. 

1964.  43  p. 

Independence,  Calif..  School  of  Thought, 

Messages to  ''elevate man on  his path  through this world"  allegedly transmitted 
telepathically to author by  an  "intergalactic" being. 

Uranus,  lover of  man,  8peaks.  Los  Angeles, DeVorss  & Co.,  1967.  29  p. 

Invitation to earth men to visit the planet  Uranus is issued by  the alleged  rule.r 
of  the  planet and the  history and explanation  of  astrology given. 

White,  George  S.  A book  of  revelations:  a  true narrative  of  life  on  many  planets. 

Los  Anieles,  The  Author,  i945.  198  p. 

History of  the  earth  and planets from  creation to the present time  (1945)  as  re-
corded in  the  "Master Book  of  Life" and revealed by  "cosmic  teachers.·· 

Wilcox,  Hal.  Zemkla,  interplanetary avatar.  Los  Angeles,  Galaxy  Press,  1966. 

57  p. 

Advanced  metaphysical wisdom  is allegedly transmitted to author personally by 
Zemkla--from the planet Celo--for enlightenment of  mankind.  Author describes 
trip to Celo aboard flying  saucer. 

Extraterrestrial  Visitors 

Adatnstd,  George.  How to Kn.ow  a  spaceman,  if you  see one.  Probe,  v.  3, 

Mar. -Apr.  1966:  ~-6. 

Author  describes his rationale far  recognizing  "space people."  Re-
printed from September  1962  Cosmic Science :News  Letter. 

Ancient  records of  UFO  in Japan.  Australian saucer  record,  v.  2,  June 

1962:  15-17. 

Material in  ancient Japanese history booKs  that  may  be  interpreted as 
meaning tnat earth has had  extraterrestrial visitors from the very 
earliest times is listed in  chronological order from  637-1714 A. D. 
Reprinted from  Flyin~ Saucer  News of Japan published by the  Cosmic 
Brotherhood Association. 

Barker,  uray.  The  case for  non-human  space visitors.  Flying saucers, 

Feb.  1959:  18-23. 

Cites landing/contact reports that would  seem to  indicate that  some  flying 
saucers either  contain or are piloted by  non-humanoid entities.  Mentions 
speculation that alien animals m1ght  be  deposited on  earth,  then taken up 
again to undergo  laboratory examination to  determine how the  atmosphere, 
disease germs,  and other environmental factors  on  earth  had affected them. 

Bible.  Old  Testament Apocryhal Books.  Enoch.  Transl.  by  R.  H.  Charles. 

London,  Society for  Promoting Christian Knowledge,  1917.  154 p. 

Book  of Enoch,  especially verses VI  - XI,  is often cited as an  historical 
account of  extraterrestrial influences in  man's origin. 

Burr,  Frank.  Visitors from afar.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9, 

:t.far. -Apr.  1963:  19-20. 

Commenting on the theory that  we  have persons from out.er space living 
amongst us,  the  author  suggests that a  port of entry by  space people could 
be  through the  mowitains of the  north of India and other terrilvr ies of the 
East wh2re the people believe in tile  occult and  where controls governing 
the movement of ind.lviduals are not stringent. 

Calvin,  Melvin.  Round trip from  space.  Evolution,  v.  3,  September 8,  1959: 

362-377. 

Carr,  Aidan M.  Take ne to your  leader.  Homiletic  and pastoral review,  v.  65, 

Dec.  1964:  255-256. 

Crandall,  L.  The Venusians.  Los  Angeles,  New Age  Publishing Co.,  1955. 

76 p. 

Ora.Ke,  W.  Raymond.  Gods or spacemc11?  Amherstj  Wis.,  Amherst PreEls, 

1964.  176 p. 

Author  suggests that  present theolo~ may be  based on false premises since 
the  experiences rurl  visions  of  saints are phenomena that  might  be  associated 
with  UFOs and  their  extraterrestrial crews.  He  reviews the  mythological 
and religious traditions of the  countries of the  \\Orld to  denionstrate worldwide 
"race memories" of spacemen visiting  earth.  He  suggests that teuestrial 
destruction in  ages past may  have  been  caused by  interplanetary  warfare rather 
than by  rollision of  celestial bodies with  earth. 

Drake,  W.  Raymond.  Spacemen in antiquity.  Sunderland,  England,  The  Author, 

[196- ] 1 v. 

Typescript  is cc.mposed of  the  following  monographs:  Spacemen in  Antiquity; 
UFOs over Ancient  Rome;  Spa;--e  Gods  in Ancient  Britain; Spacemen  in 
Saxon  Times;  UFOs  Fought  for Charlemagne; Spacemen in  Norman  Times; A 
Bride from  Space;  Spacemen  in  the  Middle Ages;  Spacemen  in Ancie11t  India; 
Spa.cement  in  Old  Tibet; Spacemen  in Old  China; Spacemen in  Old Japan; 
Semiramis,  Space-Queen of Babylon. 

Ora.Ke,  W.  Ray111ond.  SjJacen1en  i11  the  ancient  .t:ast.  Loiidou,  Neville 

Spearman,  1968. 

Traditions are cited  \ID ich tell of "super me••: " from  the  sh.ies,  ''Divine 
Dynasties, "  who  ruled 011  earth in  India,  Tibet,  China, Japan,  and Babylonia. 

Drury,  ~eville.  Flying ships in "Oahspe." Australian flying saucer review, 

no.  9,  ~ov.  1966:  40-41. 

Author cites :pQrtions of Qahspe that provide details on space visitations. 

Edwards,  Allan~- An angel unawares?  Flying saucer review,  v.  7,  Jan. -

Feb.  1961:  7-10. 

Description of contact with "extraordinary" beings that  author suggeets 
could be  visitors from other planets who  are living on earth among us. 

Finch,  Bernard.  The ark of  the  Israelites was an electrical machine.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  11,  May-June  1965: 18-19. 

On  examination of the  Ark of the Covenant in terms of  modern physics,  the 
author suggests Uat what  is described is an  electric storage machine 
resembles the Leyden jar of today.  He  says accounts in the  Bible of the 
association of Moses,  the higl'. priestn,  and others with lightning bolts,  balls 
of fire,  and  luminous clouds in the sky would make it seem that the secret 
of the electro-static machine was obtained from extraterrestrials; it was  used 
as a  method of terrorizing the  people and diverting their worship from  idols 
to  higher  ideals and ;>hilosphies. 

Fouere,  Rene.  &'urhumains ou  sous-humains,  anges ou demons,  que  sont les 

extra-terrestres?  Phenomenes epatiaux,  Mar.  1966:  !:.\-11. 

Speculation on  the nature of the extraterrestrial beings apparently visiting 
earth based in part on reports of "contactees. " 

Golowin,  Sergius.  GOtter  der Atom-Zeit;  moderne Sagenbildung  um 

Raumschiffe urd  Sternenmenschen.  Bern und  Miinchen,  Franeke Verlag,  1967. 
128 p. 

1'he book represents a  collection of the  "new stories and  fairy tales" of our age. 
By citing actual  reports (references included)  the author  shows the  results of 
an unsr.ientific approach to ti.:i  UFO question: .Lantastic  stories describing 
spaceships,  beings from other planets,  interviews conducted with them,  re-
ports of their family aid lovelife,  their  \\0 rk,  attempts to  sabotage 
terrP.strial atomic plants,  attempts to  better mankind,  warnings of the harmful 
effects of foods,  and  other problems. 

Hapgood,  Charles H.  The  Piri Reis map of  1513.  Keene,  N.  H.,  The Author, 

1962.  48 p. 

The accuracy of  both latitude and longitude throughout the  Piri Reis  map of 
1513  is inexplicable in terms of our !)resent ideas of the extent of 
geo~raphical knowledge  and cartcgraphic science in ancient times or in the 
Renaissanr.e,  the author contends.  It has been speculated that data used were 
trom aerial.  surv~y l)y an extraterrestrlal spacecraft. 

Hunt,  Douglas.  The  miracles of Apollonius  of Tyana.  Jt'ale,  v.  9,  June 1956: 

67-73. 

Dematerialization of  chains and instant transportation of the human body  are 
"miraclr:;.;" attributed to Apollonius--thought by  some tq ho  au extra-
terrestrial being. 

Le  Poer Trench,  Brinsley.  Me11  among mankind.  London,  Neville Spearman, 

Ltd. ,  1962.  199  p. 

The fact that the course of history has been changed abruptly by certain unusual 
me:l,  extraordinary in their abilities,  is discus.i;ed  by  author.  Since these  men 
demonstrated marked differences from ordinary people of any period in time, 
it is suggested they  may have  been extraterrestrials. 

----- The  sky people.  London,  N.  Neville Spearman,  1960.  224  p. 

Develops idea that  a race of  extraterrestrial beings with  superior wisdom and 
technology have visited earth periodically through the  a:--;os  to show  humanity 
the  way  to realize its  manhood and potential galactic status.  Cites references 
in the  Bible,  ancient manuscripts,  folklore,  and other literature to support 
theory. 

Misraki,  Paul.  Les extrate.rrestres,  par  Paul Thomas  [pseud. l  Par-is,  Pion, 

1962.  224  p. 

Develops  hypoth<::sis  that from earliest antiquity to  modern times,  extra-
terrestrial beings have kept earth under surveillance,  have  at times visit.ed 
this planet,  and have frequently  modified the  course of history by  means of 
spectr..'!ular  appearances.  Cites biblical passageb  and ancient  manuscripts. 

Moseley,  James W.  Peruvian desert:  map for  saucers?  Fate,  v.  8,  Oct.  1955: 

28~33. 

Describes complex  markings recently discovered on the desert near  Nasca, 
Peru,  by  airliners passing over  the  area.  Markings  may be  1, 000  years old 
and  ?.!'e  clearly visible  and  meaningful  only from the air.  It is speculated that 
they  may have  been constructed as signals to interplanetary visitors or to some 
act.ranced earth race that occasionally visited the  peoples  of  the  region. 

Rich,  Valentin and  Mikhail  Chernenko.  Tracks  that lead to spa::e.  Flying  saucer 

review,  v.  6,  May-June  1960:  3-6. 

Tr~slation o!  article in Literaturnaya Gazeta of  Moscow  in which Soviet 
scientist M. A.  Agrest advances hypothesis that intelligent life exists in 
outei· space am  earth has been  visited by space travelers for aeons. 

Sagan,  Carl.  Direct contact among galactic civilizations by  relativistic 

interstellar spaceflight.  Planetary and  space science,  v.  11,  May  1963: 
485-498. 

Author postulates that there exists in the  galaxy a loosely integrated 
commw11ty of diversn.  civilizati.:>ns,  cooperating in the exploration and 
sampling of astrono:nical objects and their inhabitants.  There is therefore 
the likelihood that E-'arth  was visited at least once  during historical times 
by  an advanced civilization. 

Sendy,  Jean.  Les dieux nous  sont nP.s.  Paris,  Bernard Grasse\.,  1966.  343  p. 

Citing the Bible as a prime authority,  the author postulates that the  "gods" 
were  extraterrestrial beings who  came to earth to create mankind and 
promote civilization and  who  continu~ to exercise manipulative influence. 
Flying  saucers,  the  miracle of  Fatima,  evocations,  premonition,  precognition, 
&nd  other psychic and hallucinatory  experience are discussed in this  context. 

Space visitors:  From v.hich planets do  they originate?  Is there life on them? 

Newnes practical mechanics,  v.  24,  j'an.  1957: 203-204,  207. 

Known  ini>rmation on the planetary atmospheres and phy~ical conditions of 
the planets is summarized i>r too  purpose of establishing whether or not  life 
could  be  sustained on them.  n is concluded that even the worst apparent 
location as an  abode  of life cannot be  dismissed as entirely impossible. 

Stranges,  Frank E.  Danger from the stars.  Venice,  Calif.,  International 

Evangelism Cru1;ades,  Inc.,  1960.  14 p. 

Author  postulates that  planet earth has been host to  generationP of inter-
stellar visitors who  can travel with or without  wmt we  call flying  saucers and 
who  fall  into four  classifications: ministering  angels; guardian angels; 
angel  reapers; an::l  fallen  angels.  He  discusses their characteristics and traits 
and then warns against "counterfeit" flying  discs  causing crashes,  near 
collisions,  near-havoc,  iuid all  manner of fear and  superstition.  He  lists 
occurrences 1945-1960 tru.\t  seem to indicate a pattern of violence and 
deliberate interference. 

Stranges,  Frank E.  &ranger at the  Pentagon.  Van  Nuys,  Calif.,  International 

Evangelism Crusades,  1967.  201  p. 

AccoW'..t,  as allegedly told to author,  of visit to earth by Vallar.•  Thor of 
Venu~ and  his address to  a special group at the  United Nations and  meeting 
with higi~ officials at the  Pentagon. 

Sykes,  Egerton.  The  ~:.<tra terrestrials.  London,  Markham  House  Press,  1967. 

20  p. 

Postulating that although our planetary system is but one  of hundreds of 
millions within our galaxy,  the  Milky \\lay,  author says  it is inevitable that 
on  various occasons  we  have  been visited by exploration teams from other 
planets \Vhose  teclmology is a  few thousand years in advance of our own. 
Impact which these earlier visits  had upon our  culture may have been small, 
but in some cases it was  just enough to enable one race to assume a 
technological  supremacy over others and thus advance  the course of history. 
These visitors  from other  planetary systems correspond to the Elohim of 
of the  Old Testament.  Also discussed in the  context of the UFO  phenomenon 
are the  Taselli frescoes; Baalbek; the Book of Ezekiel; the  Bayan Kara Ula 
discs; the  Star of  Bethlehem; the  Honshu figurines; and Baba Yurga. 

Vyner,  J.  The  mystery of Springheel Jack.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  7, 

May-June  1961:  3-6. 

Author suggests that Sprjngheel Jack,  a  notorious  figure that terrorized 
the  English  countryside in  1838,  may have been a visitor from outer space. 
Facts in article were taken from  contemporary accounts am  checked against 
all available reoords fo1·  accuracy. 

Vyner,  J.  The mystery of  Springheel Jack.  Fate,  v.  14,  Oct.  1361: 27-33. 

Account of a peculiarly costuimd being,  who  could leap  incredible dBtances, 
used a sort of "ray gun" on occasion,  am  terrorized many  responsible citizens 
in  Middlesex,  England,  1837-1838.  Reprinted from  fu;:;s Saucer Review. 

V>'illiamson,  George  Hunt.  Road  in the sky.  London,  N.  Spearman,  1959.  248 p. 

Develops hypothesis that there is a  ronnection between the  flying  saucers of 
the past am  present and the  legends of  mankind that attempt to explain God  and 
the supernatural.  Cites instances of past extraterrestrial  visitations records 
in legends arxl  myths of an:::ient  civilizations and of the American Indians. 

\\illlamson,  George Hwtt.  Secret places of tne lion.  Amherst,  \\iS., 

Amherst Press,  1958.  230 p. 

Autnor cites Biblical passages and  material in ancient manuscripts 
to support tbeory tnat many leaders of ~he pasl were men and women 
Irom other ~rids in timt and space who  had migraleri to earth in what 
today are called UFOs to ~sist DWlkind  in  its climb from beasthood 
to manhood.  He  diScloses d~scoveries suggestin~ that ancient chilii.a-
tions in South America,  especially,  had continuing contact with extra-
terre&trial visitors. 

7-,f aev,  Vyacheslav.  Visitors from outer space.  Sputnik,  v.  1,  Jan. 

1967:  162-179. 

Author reports 011  thirty years research to substantiate theory that 
intelligent beings from outer space have had contact  witb earth.  Among 
evidence cited are hieroglyphics deciphered by  Chinese crcheologist 
revealing that  extrate1·restria! spacecraft landed on  eartb 12, 000  years 
ago; lP.gends  supporting information in tbe hieroglyphics and vestiges 
of graves and skeletons that seem to confirm the legends; myths, 
Biblical passages,  and apocryphal legends;  and frescoes  dating from 
1350 at Oechancy Monastery,  Yugoslavia. 

Ball  Lightning  and  Fireballs 

Arnold,  Kenneth.  Are space visitors here?  Fate,  Summer 1948:  4-21. 

Reports of apparent  meteor  and fireball activity during 1948 are examined. 
Author  suggests that they are not aerial phenomena but extraterrestrial 
spacecraft. 

BenedicitS,  Carl.  Theory of  the  lightning-balls and its application to tne 
atmosphere pnenomenon called ''flying saucers. "  Arkiv fOr  geofysik, 
v.  2,  no. 

:i,  1954:  1-11. 

Author theorizes that  reported UFO  sightings are in reality ball lightning 
and gives data supporting his position. 

Brand,  Walther.  Der  Kugelblitz.  HamlJUrg,  Henri Grand,  1923.  170 p. 

Theories in explanation of  ball lightning are  given.  Characteristics that 
distinguish  ball  lightning from other  meteorological phenomena (sucn as 
line  lightning and  meteors)  are r.oted. 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  Fireballs and flying  se1.ucers.  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  13,  Jan. -Feb.  1967:  10-12. 

Case histories are given of  sigt:tings whkh very probably were due  to 
ball lightning.  Author  warns,  however,  that  it is  more  "unscientific" to 
try to dismiss  all unexplained aerial pheno'llena than  it  is to hold lnc  open-
minded view  that SC'me  of  them  may  be  the  artefacts of  extraterrestrial 
communities. 

Constance,  Arthur.  The  inexplicable  SKy.  London,  W.  Laurie,  ld55:  308  p. 

Discusses sky phenomena,  including  meteors,  fireballs,  mirages,  and 
things  that fall from the  heavens.  Cites cases of  reportt!d extraterrestrial 
visitations and advances theory with  supporting arbruments that  non-
terrestrial intelligences are coming to,  or emerging from other dimen-
sions  into,  earth's atmosphere.  American et.I. 
published 1957. 

(New  York,  Citadel  Press) 

Creighton,  Gordon W.  Foo fighters.  Flying saucer  review,  v.  8,  Mar. -Apr. 

1962:  11-15. 

Author relates what  is known about  strange balls of  fire  that dogged tne 
paths of allied pilots on operation over enemy territory during Wo:rld  War  II. 

Evenson,  K.  M.  Ball lightning research at Hignland  Looi<out,  Montana. 

Santa  Monica,  Calif. ,  Douglas Airc1·aft Co. ,  1968.  16 p. 

Report on  site survey of  possible locations where  ball  lightning activit)· 
might be  high  enough to guarantee some success ii. ma.ting physical  meascre-
ments. 

Gaddis,  Vincent H.  Mysterious lights and fires.  New  York.  David  McKay 

co.,  1967.  2eo  p. 

In three secUons,  ''Earth's Glowing Ghosts," "Electro-Dynamic Man,'· and 
"Premature  Cremations, "  the  book deals with  the  enigmatic aspects  of  fires 
and lights.  UFOs  are treated in the  first section.  Agreeing that some of 
these  objects appear  to  be  metallic craft piloted by  humanoid beings,  the 
author  points out  that  many  reported sightings  could be  what he  calls 
''electro-animals"-- a  form of  upper-·atmospheric  life perhaps feeding  on 
pure energy.  Firefalls,  ball  lightnin~,  fireballs  ar1d  similar phenomena 
are also treated in the first section. 

Gaddis,  Vincent H.  UFO  mystery:  fire  bolts from  space.  Saga,  v.  34,  May 

1967:  25-27,  78-80;  82,  84,  86. 

It is suggested that fireballs  and fire falls  that seemin61Y  drop from unKnown 
heights as spheroids or  masses  of illur.1inated gas  or condensed energy  re-
gardless of  weather  conditions  might  be  generated in the  Van  Allen  radiation 
belts and  might account for  some of  the  world's  most disastrous fires. 

Galus,  Henry  S.  The  mystery of  the  crawling fireballs.  Fate,  v.  5,  Feb. -

Mar.  1952:  37-40. 

Incidents  in  France involving  "crawling fireballs"  between  1898  and  the 
early 1900's. 

Hunt,  Richard.  Canadian fireballs.  Flying saucer review,  v.  12,  Mar. -Apr. 

1966:  33-34. 

Summary of  newspaper  clippings  relating to  brilliant balls cf fire L1at 
lit the  Si{ies  and landscape across Britis;1  Columbia and parts of the 
northwestern U.S.  on  Mar.  31,  1965. 

Klass,  Philip J.  Many  UFOs  are  identified as plasmas.  Aviation week 
&  space technology,  v.  85,  Oct.  3,  1966:  54-55,  57,  59,  61,  65,  67, 
69,  71,  73. 

Evidence  is p:..·esented  in support of theory tnat nigh-level UFOs could be 
created by  electric discharge  between clouds or between invisible  layers of 
charged dust/ice particles.  Occasional daylight sightings of what  have  been 
reported as ·,:;ell-structurN: or silhouetted objects are explainable as  plasm.as 
that giv'!  the  illusion  of  metal structures possibly due to whirling dust or 
ice particles.  Conclusions  based on analysis of  reports collected by  National 
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.. 

Klass,  Philip.  Plasma theory  may explain many  UFOs.  Aviation weeK  & 

spacE::  technology,  v.  85,  Aug.  22,  1966:  48-50,  55-56,  60-61. 

Theory !s advanced that  many  low-altitude  UFOs  are  a  form of  hall 
lightning  (plasma),  also called irugelblitz,  that is generated by lightning or 
by  corona discharge  along high-voltage power lines under appropriate con-
difr:ms. 
near high-tension lines,  especially at Exeter,  N.  H.,  during 1965,  and the 
similarity of tneir characteristics to  those  reported for  some kugelblitz 
sightings. 

Idea was prompted by  numerous UFO sightings observed on or 

Klass,  Philip J.  UFOs  -- identified.  New  York,  Random House,  1968. 

290  p. 

Theoq  is advanced that  most  UFOs  seem to  be  "i1atural plasmas of 
ionized  air,  sometime[5  containing charged dust particles or tiny  charged 
ice  particles. "  These  plasmas  may  be  closely  related to  St.  Elmo's fire 
and  hall  lightning.  They appear  to whirl and float,  sometimes  maneuvering 
as  though  they \\ere controlled by  an intelligent being;  they  can also give off 
light.  Hypothesis  is applied to explain reported UFO  sightings  near  Exeter, 
New  Hampshire,  and  to  an P,lleged  saucer landing in Socorro,  Ne~ Mexico. 

Lauritzen,  Hans.  Flying saucers  -- superconducting whirls of plasma. 

Flying  saucers,  Mar.  1967:  10-11. 

Author  hypothesizes  that UFOs  are super-conducting ring-shaped  wnirls 
of  plasma trapped by  earth's  magnetic  lines  of  force.  Phenomena  accom-
panying  UFO  sightings are explainl.d  in  this  context. 

Miles.  H.  G.  and A.  J.  Meadows.  Fireballs associated with  the  Barwell 

meteorite.  Nature,  v.  210,  June  4.  1966:  983-986. 

Or.  Dec.  24,  1965,  meteoritic fragments  fell  in  a  restricted area  in and 
about  the village of  Barwell,  Leicestershire,  England.  Sighting of  three 
bright fireballs  and the associated sonir.  effects  were  recorded over rw 
area.  One of these  resulted in the  fall at  Barwell.  No  evidence has  yet 
be1?n  found for  meteoritic falls  associated witn tne  other two  lireballs. 

Miles,  h.  G.  and A.  J.  Meadows.  Fireballs associated with the  Barwell 

meteorite.  Nature,  v.  212,  Dec.  17,  1966:  1339. 

Article contains additional information on the fireballs associated with 
the  meteorite fall at  Barwell,  Leicestershire,  England,  on  December  24, 
1965.  Original report indicated existence of two  fireballs;  additional data 
imply existence of  a  third. 

Rayle,  Warren D.  Ball lightning characteristics.  Washin5ton,  D.  C.  ,  NASA, 

. 
1966.  38  p. 

(NASA  TN D-3188) 

. 

Surveys of  NASA  Lewis Research  Center personnel were conducted to ob-
tain information about ball lightning occurrences.  Comparison of  the 
frequency of observation of ball lightning with that of  ordinary lightning im-
pact points reveals that ball lightning is  not a  particularly rare phenomenon. 
Contrary to widely accepted ideas,  the  occurrence of ball lightning may  be 
nearly as  frequent as that of ouiinary cloud-to-ground strokes. 

Romig,  Mary F.  and Donald  L.  Lamar.  Anomalous  sounds and electromagnetic 
effects associated with fireball entry.  Santa Monica,  The  Rand Corp.,  1963. 
60  p. 

(Rand Corp.  Memorandum RM-3724-ARPA) 

Memorandum describes  nature of  certain hissing sounds  and electromagnetic 
effects associated with  the  passage of  very bright meteors or fireballs  and 
discusses their  possible origin from the standpoint  of  atmospheric electricity 
and  reentry physics.  Study was  motivated by  possibility that a  better under-
standing of  these  phenomena will  lead to  new  techniques  for  deter mining the 
size,  na~ure,  and path of  any  large  body  entering earth's  atmospi1ere. 

Ruppelt,  Edward J.  Mystery of  the  green fireballs.  Fate,  v.  10,  June  1957. 

Fireball activity  in New  Mexico  during winter  1954  is discussed and  theories 
as to  its possible  nature outlined. 

S'agissait-il de  foudre  globulaire"?  PMnomenes spatiaux,  June  1969:  17-23. 

Newspaper  accounts  of unusual atmospheric  phenomena that  may  have  been 
ball lightning. 

Sykes,  Egerton.  Flying saucers and  negative  matter.  Atlantis,  v.  5,  Sept. 

1952:  49-51. 

It has  been established,  asserts the  a..it1or,  tnat if ileavy  matter  can  be 
volatized instantaneously,  it may under  certain circumstances recombine 
on  the  negative  side of  lhe  scale.  Tois secondary stage will  be  shortlived, 
but  will have  cnaracteristics similar to ti1ose  of fireballs. 

Teletov,  C.  S.  Sharova'ia molniia [Ball ligiltning].  Priroda,  no.  9,  1966: 

84-92. 

Article reviews the  nature and properties of ball lightning and discusses 
the  hypotheses  that have  been advanced to  explain them. 

U.  S.  Library of  Congress.  Science and  Technology  Division.  Ball lightning 

bibliography,  1950-1960.  Prepared under  the  sponsorship of  the  USA 
Signal Missile Support  Agency,  Missile Electronic Warfare  Division  in 
cooperation with  Technical  Library Branch,  White  Sands  Missile  Range, 
N.  M.  Wa&hington,  1961. 

15  p. 

Contains  43  annotated references,  mostly foreign. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  The  strange  mystery of the  foo  fighters.  Fate,  v.  4, 

Aug.  -Sept.  1951:  98-106. 

Weird colored balls of fire of  fantastic  and •·ariable speeds that were en-
counter£:d  by  U.S.  and  British pilots over  Trul{  Lagoon,  Japar.;  the West 
Rhine  area of  Alsace  Lorraine; and over the  Bavarian Palatinate during 
World War  II  are described. 

Disc-like  Aircraft 

Avro Canada's Omega.  The  aeroplane,  v.  84,  May  1,  195:;:  568. 

Article discusses the  unusu:::.l  aerodynamic,  thermodynamic,  and 
structural problems posed by  the  disc-type aircraft under  con-
struction by  Avro  Canada,  Ltd. 

Barn.er,  Gray.  Has  man conquered gravity?  Flying saucers,  July-Aug. 

1958:  8-11. 

Discussion of Otis T.  Carr's circular-foil design OTC-Xl  aircraft de-
signed for  flight  to  within  1,000  miles away from earth and  to  be 
powered by  "utron" energy det·ived  from "natural environmental sources." 

Barton,  Michael X.  We  want  you.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1960. 

34  p. 

Author  suggests that  not  all UFOs  come  from outside or inside  the planet 
earth but  that some of  them are  Nazi-built (from the  blueprints of Vikton 
Schauberger)  at an armed fortress  in Patagonia (Argentina)  to which  Adolph 
Hitler fled in July 1945.  He  speculates that the  story of  Hitler's  suicide 
was fraudulent  and that Hitler  is  still alive.  The  unfulfilled predictions of 
Karl Michalek between 1958  ant:!  1p:,o  are also analyzed. 

Canada builds  a  flying  saucer.  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct.  1953:  14-17. 

A disc-like  aircraft under  development by  Avro  Canada,  Ltd. ,  is described. 

Disc  aircraft inadequate  to  explain UFOs.  The  UFO  investigalor,  v.  2,  Dec.  -

Jan.  1963-1964:  6-8. 

Descriptions of disc-like aircraft:  Couzinet "aerodyne",  Adrian 
Phillips'  "Sauc~rcraft"; Chance  Vought  XFSU-1  "Flying Pancake"; 
Chance  Vought  V-173  "Flying Flapjack"; Otis  T.  Carr "OTC-X"; 
Hilton Re-entry Vehicle;  HilJ.er  "Flying Platform";  National  Research 
Associates'  "Flying Saucer  :Ude";  Weygers'  "Discopter"; Swedenborg 
Saucer;  Ryan Disc;  General Dynamics' Lenticular Re-Entry Vehicle; 
V-7. 

ni Soir,  W.  E.  The  saucer that didn't fly.  Fate,  v.  12,  Aug.  1959: 

32-34. 

Account of Otis  T.  Carr's unsuccessful attempt in April 1958  to launch 
a  prototype  model  of  a  saucer-sha9ed aircraft.  Propulsion was to  have 
been by  ''utron'' energy. 

Fry,  Daniel W.  Steps to the  stars.  Lakemont,  Ga.  ,  CSA  Publishers, 

1956.  83  p. 

The  basic  physical concepts  underlying the  construction and operation of 
a  vehicle  that could undertake  interplanetary travel are discussed. 

Fuller,  Curtis.  Canada builds a  saucer.  Fate,  v.  12,  Sept.  1959:  70-73. 

Avro  Canada,  Ltd.,  is preparing to  test-fly a  saucer-shaped craft which 
r~portedly can  move  sidewise,  hover,  or skim close  to  the  ground to  avoid 
radar detedion. 

Haggerty,  James J.  and Cornelius Ryan.  The  Navy  comes up  with  a  real 

flying  saucer.  Collier's,  v.  135,  Apr.  29,  1955:  30-35. 

Description of  a  circular one-man aircraft that can hover,  climb,  and 
dart sideways using the  "duc;ted fan" propulsion  principle;  a  propeller 
operating in  a  Ehallow  cylinder  sucks air through  the  vehicle,  generating 
a  downward thrust force  which  supplies vtrtical lift.  Aircraft was  built 
by  Hiller Helicopters,  Palo Alto,  Calif. ,  under  direction of  the Office 
of  Na.val  Reseatch in  1954. 

Is  this  the  real flying  saucer?  Look,  v.  19,  June  14,  195C:  44-4G. 

Design study for  a  flying-saucer  fighter  prepared for  Looi<  by  Republic 
Aviation Cm·p.  engineer Thomas  Turner.  Sketches  indicate appearance 
of  a  craft that would fulfill  following  requirements:  (1)  ability  to  take  off 
and land vertically;  {2)  high  speed of  over  Mach 2.;  (3)  high  rate of  climb; 
(4)  ex:.:ellent  maneuverability;  (5)  heavy  armament;  (6)  ability to  operate 
at 60.000 ft. 

John~·.  Cr.rnelius.  Flyi11g  saucers swamp the  Vietcong.  Argosy,  v.  356, 

Jan.  1968:  30-31.  66,  68-69. 

Role  of  air-cushion vehicles  in the  Viet1iam  war  is discussed. 

Nollet,  A.  R.  Flying saucers ... a  hard looit.  Marine  corps gazette,  v.  43, 

Dec.  1959:  20-25. 

States that hopes for  a  U.S.  scientific breakthrough based on Apr.  29, 
1959,  article in U.S.  News  and World Report entitled  "Flying Saucer Age 
for the  U.S. --It's Getting  Nearer" were  misplaced since the saucers 
turned out to be  Ground Effect Vehicles.  Describes the  different  types  of 
GEV's 'Yorldwide  and suggests  military uses. 

One  man's flying  saucer.  Pace,  v.  11,  Aug.  1966:  62-63. 

A flying-saucer-shaped personal commuter aircraft designed  by  Univ.  of 
California aerodynamics professor Pz.d Moller  is  discussed.  Eignt feet, 
in diameter,  it weighs  400  lbs.,  will reach 5,000 ft.  altitude,  and attain 
speed of  150  mph. 

Russia claims  "flying  saucer.''  The  UFO  investigator,  v.  2,  Dec.  -Jan.  196~-

1964:  1-2. 

Krasnaya  Zvezda is cited in article as having  reported early in  1963  that 
Soviet engineers had successfully tested a  "flying saucer" aircraft.  State-
ments fro&n  U.S. S. R.  on  UFOs  1952-1961  are listed. 

Saucer blue  book.  Time,  v.  66,  Nov.  7,  1955:  52. 

Secretary of  the  Air  Force  Donald A.  Quarles released information about 
a vertically rising jet aircraft soon to  be  tested by  Ryan  Aeronautical Co. 
that  might  be  mistaken for  a flying  saucer.  He  also released a  Project 
Blue  Book analysis of 4,965  reported flying  saucer sightings. 

Saucer-eyed dragons.  Time,  v.  55,  Apr.  17,  1950:  52-54. 

Discussion of  controversy surrounding statement in U.S.  News  & World 
Report (Apr_.  7,  1950)  that the  Navy  had developed a  revolutionary air-
craft,  a  combination of helicopter and jet plane,  capable  of  outflying any 
other.  This plane was  said to  be  "t11e  flying saucer." 

Stine,  G.  Harry.  The prowling mfod of Henri Coanda.  Flying,  v.  80,  "Mar. 

1967:  64-68. 

Among  inventions  of  Henri Coanda was  ?.  lenticular aerodyne  (flying  saucer) 
designed in 1935.  Coanda  effect  (tendency of  a  moving jet of  air or water 
to adhere to an adjacent surface) would  be  used to  create vertical lift without 
forward  motion and to  control aircraft.  Although  aerodyne was  never  built, 
tests on  critical portions of  it were  made  in  France and results indicate  it is 
practical. 

Taylor,  Henry J.  The  "flying saucer" ic;  good 11ews.  Reader's digest,  v.  57, 

July 1950:  14-16. 

Condensed from a  radio  broadcast.  Author  claims that so-called flying 
saucers are U.S.  Navy  experimental jet fighters  and are a  military secret. 
He  says that  Navy  sources at Patuxent,  Md.,  confirm his allegations. 

Unidentified  Submarine  Objects 

Binder,  Otto 0.  The  mystery of flying  saucers at sea.  Rudder,  v.  84,  Feb.  1968: 

21-23,  75. 

Account  of  UFOs observed at  sea and  suggestions of  how  boatmen can help  solve 
the phenomenon. 

Bowen,  Charles.  A South  American trio.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Jan. -Feb. 

1965:  19-21. 

Three UFO  sighting cases from  South  America:  (1)  In  ~ril  1957,  a  resident of 
Cordoba,  Argentina,  allegedly encountered a  landed flyin&  saucer and was 
invited by  one  of '.IE  crew members to enter for  an  inspection tour;  (2)  On 
Jan.  10,  1958,  an unidentified floating  objzd was viewed off  the coast ui S'9:'o 
Paulo,  Braz~ by  several witnesses before  sinking out of  sight:  (3i  During 
a fire near Sao  Bernado do  Campo,  Brazil,  in )963,  a flying  caucer landed 
amid the flames,  and  several tall.  good-looking  "people" emerged from  it 
and picked up  pieces of  t>urnt  material,  stones,  and  other debris. 

Fouere,  Rene.  Existe-t-il des bases  sous-marines de  soucoupes volantes? 

Phenomenes spatiaux,  Feb. 1965:  16-25. 

Lii;ts  instances 1345-1960 where  disc-like or wheel-like  glowing  objects were 
seen entering the  oceans,  in  or on  the  oceans,  or leaving the oceans.  Gives 
reasons the  ocean depths would  be  ideal flying  saucer bases. 

Galindez,  Oscar A.  Crew  of  Argentine  ship  see submarire  UFO.  Flying  saucer 

review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  1968:  22. 

A "submergible UFO  with  its own  illumination" allegedly paced the  Argentine 
steamer,  Naviero,  for 15  minutes  on July  30,  1967.  Article  taken from press 
reports in the  Argentine  newspapers  La  Razon,  ~ordoba,  and  Los  Principios. 

Hinfelaar,  H.  J.  Submarine craft in  Australian waters.  Hying saucer revie'\\·, 

v.  12,  July-Aug.  1966:  28-30. 

Reports appearances of Unidentified S-..ibmarine  Objects (USOs)  in New  Zealand 
and Australian waters in 1965. 

Ley,  Willy.  The  wheels of  Poseidon;  and  Too  mu<.h  imagination. 

In For ycur 
informaHon:  on  earth and in the  sky.  New  York,  Doubleday  &Co.,  1967. 
f).  69-88,  157-168. 

A  pbl"nomenon is described that occurs ira  the Indian Ocean and that has been 
described by  several eyewitnesses:  a pulsating near-circular disturbance 
roughly 1, 000-1, 500 feet  in diameter is seen with  streaks of  light like the 
beams of  a  st:archlight  radiating from its center and  .revolvin~ counter-
clockwise.  Views are given supporting speculation  that the  Pvdkamennaya 
Tunguska Meteorite of  Central Siberia  (190b)  was  in fact an  exploded extra-· 
~errestrial spacecraft. 

Lorenzen,  Coral.  Diving for lost UFO.  Fate,  v.  17,  May  1964:  62-65. 

Efforts are being made  to salvRge  a flying  saucer which  seemed in mechanical 
difficulty when  it allegedly  sank in the  Peropava River,  Brazil,  on  October  31, 
1963. 

Luminous wheels pm:zle  e.eamen.  New  scientist,  Mar.  9,  1967,  v.  33:  447-448. 

In  March 1966,  three merchant ships  in the  Gulf  of  rnailand independently 
observed the  apparently unexplained phenomenon kMwn as the phosphorescent 
wheel:  bands  of  luminosity skimming across the  surface,  apparently radiating 
from a  cmtral bright source.  The  wheels can  rotn.t€' 
there have  been  reports of  two  wheels,  one  above  thE  other,  rotating in 
opposite directions.  Professor Kurt Kalle of  Hamburg,  authority on phosphores-
cent wheels,  attributes the  phenomenon to bioluminescence. 

in either direction and 

Luminous  wheels  puzzle  seamen.  Spaceiink,  v. 4,  Summer 1967:  12-13. 

In the  Gulf  of  Thailand and waters to  the  south-east during  March 196'7,  three 
merchant  ships indeper.dently observ.:!d the  unexplained phe .. omenon k.10wn  as 
the phosphorescent wheel:  bands of  luminosity ::tpparently radiating from  a 
central bright source.  Professor Kurt Kalie  of  Hamburg,  authority on  lumi-
nescent wheels,  attributes them tc bioluminescence.  From New  Scientist, 
March 9,  1967. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  More  about  UFOs  and the  sea.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11, 

Nov.  -Dec.  1965:  17-18. 

Author  summarizes events which  may  indicate underwater  reconnaissance  by 
UFOs of  submarine bases. 

Ribera.  Antonio.  UFOs atid the sea.  Flying saucer revi£-w,  v.  10,  Nov. -l>C!c.  !964: 

8-10. 

Account of str.mge happenings at sea that might suppnrt hypothesis that the 
bodies of water covering three-qua?"tert! of earth'9 surface are p!'ovld\ng a 
hiding place for ti FOs. 

Robertson,  W.  S.  UFOs and the Scottish seas.  F1ying  saucP.r  revlew,  v.  ll,  May-

June 1965:  36~37. 

Account  f~·om newspaper sources of UFO sightings in the  wat~rs off the ~oast 
of Scotland,  1961-1965. 

Steiger,  Brad ~-..nd Joan WhritenOl!r.  Unidentified tmderwate.r  sauc~rs.  Saga,  v.  36, 

June 1968:  34-37,  54-57. 

Instances are cited in which UF\ .- seen hovering over oceans,  lakt>c;,  and rivers 
have submerged in the water.  It 1s  suggested that the objects may have under-
water ''bases." 

Turner,  Richard.  Some unfammar  'PSUFOs':  the phosphoresc.cnt wheels.  Flying 

saucer review,  v.  13,  Sept. -Oct.  1967:  7-9. 

Account of unusual bioluminescent phenomena that  may be mistaken for UFOs. 
Lists sightings by seamen {1875-1910}  of ''phosphorescent wheels" that may fall 
into this category. 

Fortean  Ph&nGmena 

Constance,  Arthur.  The  inexplicable sky.  London,  w.  Laurie,  1956.  308 p. 

Discusses sky phenomena,  including meteors,  fireballs,  mirages,  and things 
that fall  from the heavens.  Cites cases of reported extraterrestrial visita-
tions and advances theory with  supporting arguments that  non-terrestrial 
jntelligences are coming to,  or emerging from  other dimensions into,  earth's 
atmosphere.  American ed.  (New  York,  Citadel  Press) published 1957. 

Fort,  Charles.  The  books of Charles  Fort.  Introd.  by  Tiffany  Thayer.  New  York, 

Hem·y Holt,  1941.  1125 p. 

Contents:  The  book of the  damned;  New  lands;  Lo!; Wild talents.  Collection 
of  mysterious and unexplained events gleaned from newspaper reports.  Accounts 
of  strange things falling from the sky,  the appearance of unidentified flying 
objects,  showers of  frogs  and various animals,  teleportations,  disapnearing 
people,  and other odd phenomena. 
the  province of  no  known  science,  they have  never been properly investigated. 

It is stated that  since these  events fall within 

Gallegos,  Faustin.  The pulsing hor.ey".!omb from  space.  Fate,  v.  11,  Sept.  1958: 

40-43. 

A football-shaped object of  cells resembling those  of  a honeycomb reportedly 
fell  in a  Miami,  Fla.,  yard on  Feb.  28,  1958. 
It pulsated,  was translucent and 
intangible,  and had completely vanished--by "melting"--within 45  minutes from 
the time it was  seen to fall from the sky. 

Gardner,  Martin.  In  the  name  of  science.  New  York,  G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1952. 

320  p. 

Survey of  "quasi-scientific" theories.  Chapters are  included on the flat  and 
hollow  earth theories;  Fortean phenomena;  Atlantis and Lemuria; flying  saucers; 
poltergeist phenomena,  extrasensory perception; and pneumokinesis. 

Gould,  Rupert  T.  Enigmas.  New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y.,  University Books,  1965.  248 p. 

Information about mysteries which have not  been resolved up  to the present day. 
Evidence that there were  once giants on the earth and relating to the probability 
of  intelligf>nt life on  Mars is disc11ssed. 

----- Oddities.  New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y.,  University Books,  1965.  228 p. 

Collection of facts  relating to incirlents and phenomena which have not  at 
present been satisfactorily explained.  Among the topics mentioned are "the 
devil's hoofmarks," Orffyreus's wheel,  and the planet Vulcan. 

Jessup,  Morris K.  The  ca,~e  for the  UFO,  unidentified flying objects.  Introd.  by 

Frank Edwards.  New  York,  Citadel Press,  1955.  239 p. 

Author analyzes and correlates many paranormal phenomena of  dCientifir 
record and theorizes that  objects such as stonea,  ice,  water,  colored rain, 
organic  matter,  living organisms,  and vegetable matter ttat have fallen to 
earth from the heavens come from  intelligently operated extraterrestrial 
spacecraft or are in some way formed,  guided,  or influenced by the  operators 
of  such spacecraft. 

Splitter,  HenryW.  Wonders from the  sky.  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct.  1953:  33-40. 

Typically ''Fortean" phenomena of  strange things  that  have fallen from  the  sky, 
including to::i.ds,  green rain,  mud,  rocks,  angleworms,  iish,  blood  and meat 
are reported. 

Towner,  Cliff R.  Silver chaff from  the  sky.  Fate,  v.  10,  Mar.  1957:  94-98. 

Apparent fall from the  sky on  Aug.  27,  1956,  of  metallic shreds concomitant 
with reports of  strange lights in the  sky.  Chickens consuming the  material 
died. 

Weideman,  June E.  Mysterious foam  in St.  Lc•uis.  Fate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  20-21. 

Fall from  the sky of  a  strange,  warm,  odorless,  for.,  J,  white  substance is 
described.  Incident allegedly occurred ever St.  Louis on Aug.  20,  1956. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  "Damned" phenomena--fire a!ld  monste"f:·  Fate,  v.  6,  Dec. 

1953:  68-73. 

Descriptions of  mysterious flames,  phantom ships,  and huge  sea serpents 
given by pre-Fortean historians and annalists  (209  B. C.  -17th  century)  are 
listed. 

----- Did ancients see flying  saucers?  Fate,  v.  6,  Oct.  1953:  28-32. 

Mysterious aerial fire and similar phenomena on the earth and sea Mted by 
old Roman authors  (including- .Julius  Obsequ<>ns,  Pliny,  and  Titus Livius) and 
m"'dieval  write1;;  (including  Geoffrey Gaimer and Lycosthenes)  are cited. 

Wilkins,  Harold T.  Mystery e;!  the falling  ice.  Fate,  v.  4,  May-June 1951:  22-27. 

Summary of phenomena of ice falling from the skies since 18ll.  Author pcstu-
la.tes concomitant UFO activity. 

----- When  the  skies rained blood.  Fate,  v.  6,  Apr.  1953:  58-63. 

R<=pcrte  cases of  blood falling from the heavens that weu noted by histol'iant 
in the  day a of  the  Roman empire (265  B. C.  -759  A. D. ). 

UFOs  and  Religion 

Are  "contact group" sightings  metap11;,sical '/  Flying saucers,  July-A\lg, 

1958:  12-15,  19. 

Referring to  the  b:·oup of  UFO  investigators who  place  a  mysth:::~:. 
religious,  or  metaphysical interpretation on the  entire UFO  pr-. 
author  states these concepts cannot be  rejected but  mus~ be  considered. 
They could comprise a  face~ of  tne overall picture. 

.:>menon, 

Blaher,  Damian J. 

Is anybody  there?  Friar,  Sept.  1963:  15-17. 

Discussion of the  theological implications of spacl}  travel and the  dis-
covery of extraterrestrial people. 

Brandt,  Ivan.  The stumbling block of orthodoxy.  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  8,  July-Aug.  1962:  26-29. 

The fiercest opposition to  hypotheses  supporting the  reality of flying  saucers 
has always come from those who  adopt a  materialistic view  of the  universe, 
the  author states. 
against the  mystery of  religion have  automatically  rejected any other  mystf~ry, 
and this  may  explain both  the  conspiracy of silence  and the  policy of  conven-
tionalizing as  many  as possible of  the  otherwise inexplicable  UFO  sightings, 
he  adds. 

~t would seem that those who  have  closed their  minds 

Brasington,  Virginia F.  Flying saucers in the  Bible.  Clar.KSburg,  W.  Va., 

Saucerian Books,  1963.  78  p. 

Study  of  flyi.ng  saucers and  related phenomena in the  Bi.ble.  Quotes  pas-
sages from Genesis,  E~odus,  Leviticus,  Numoers,  Deuteronomy,  Joshua, 
Books  of Samuel,  Books  of Kings,  Job,  Psalms,  Isaiah,  Ezekiel,  Daniel, 
Matthew,  MarK,  Luke,  and  Revelations. 

Cassens,  Kenneth  H.  UFOs  and the  modern  Bible.  Fate,  v.  8,  Aug.  1955: 

51-53. 

Cove,  Gordon.  Who  pilots the flying  saucers?  London,  The Autnor, 

1955.  80  p. 

Flying saucers,  according to the  author,  are celestial warnings of an im-
pending Divine  interruption of the  course of  world events:  they are to 
warn  men of the coming judgement and to encourage tne  believer. 

Dean,  John W.  Flying saucers and the Scriptures.  N0w  York,  Vantage 

Press,  1964.  173  p. 

Text is an amplification of illustrated lecture bearing same title;  uses 
scriptural passages and recent documentation of rep,)rted UFO sightings 
to support theory that earth has received visitors from space since earli-
est times whose  missions are peaceful and who  are "messengers of  God. " 

Downing,  Barry H.  The  Bible and flying  saucers.  Philadelphia,  ,T.  B. 

Lippincott Co.,  1967.  221  p. 

Author,  a  minister and Biblical scholar,  postulates that many of the 
phenomena in the  skies which are described in the  Bible were what we 
term as  UFOs  today. 

Drake,  W.  R.  Gods  or spacemen?  Amherst,  Wis.,  Amherst Press,  1964. 

176  p. 

Author  suggests that present tl  Jlogy  may  be  based on false premises 
since the experiences and visiu1ls  of  saints are phenomena that  might  be 
associated with UFOs  and the~: extraterrestrial crews.  He  reviews  the 
mythological and religious traditions of the  countries of  ti1e  world to 
demonstrate  worldwide  "race memories" of  spacemen visitir.g earth. 
He  suggests that terrestrial destruction in ages past may 11ave  been 
caused by  interplanetary warfart!  rather than by  collision o!  celestial 
bodies with  earth. 

Easton,  W.  B.  Space travel and  space theology. 

Jan.  1961:  428-429. 

Theology today,  v.  17, 

Ferguson,  William.  A message from  outer  space.  Oak Part<,  Ill. , 

Golden  Age  Press,  1955.  54  p. 

A translation decoding  the  Book of  Revelations  allegedly given to 
author  telepathically by  "Khauga,  the  angel who  gave  it to St.  John. " 
Flying saucers are said to  be  the  spacecraft of  "perfected beings" who 
are "progressed to a  four  dimensional  state of  reality" and who are 
"preparing earth for  the  second coming oI Jesus. " 

Gaspa,  Pietro,  Monito all'umanita.  Sassari,  Italy,  Arti Grafiche 

Editoriali S. p. A.,  1962.  127  p. 

Author  relates the  UFO phenomenon to the  Thomistic concept of  the 
nature  and  attributes  of  superior spiritual entities.  Photograpnic  illus-
trations of  thesis  included. 

Gofi,  Kenneth.  The flying saucers.  Englewood,  Colorado,  The Author, 

1S55.  32 p. 

Appearance of  "flying saucers'' in tne  heavens  is said to  be  according to 
schedule  and in line with God's divine plP.n: 
they are the  battle  cnariots 
of GDd,  destined to play an important part in tne  destruction of  Godless 
al!ia.nces prophesied by  Enoch to take place at the  second coming of  Cin-ist. 

Grant,  W.  V.  Men  from the  moon in America.  Dallas,  Texas,  The  Author, 

31  p. 

[195-

] 

"Space  men'' who  have allegedly contacted certain humans are supernatural 
beings from an evil (anti-Christ) source ana are not from the  moon,  other 
planets,  or a  Russian satellite,  the  author postulates.  Their goal of  ruling 
tee world is to  be  accomplished by  deceiving and thereby influencing  man-
kind. 

Grant,  W.  V.  Men  in the  flying  saucers identified.  Dallas,  Tex.,  The 

Author,  (195-

]  32 p. 

Author postulates that flying saucers are real and that  there  are super-
natural entities in them;  however,  he  claims that these spirits are demoniac 
anti-Christ forces  at~empting to  dupe  man and take  over our world. 

Jack,  Homer  A.  Religion and the  saucers.  Fate,  v.  8,  Mar.  1955:  20-23. 

Discussing the  religious implications of  flying saucers if they should herald 
intelligent life  on  other planets of our sun or of  other  suns,  Dr.  Jack says 
that Christianity would  be  hardest hit:  " ...  if Christ was born and crucified 
on these  other planets so that those  races also could know  God ... ,  Christ's 
life  here would lose all divine  meaning." 

James,  Trevor.  Scientists,  contactees and equilibrium.  Flying saucer  review, 

v.  6,  Jan. -Feb.  1960:  19-21. 

Author  suggests that review  of stories of per~ "lS  allegedly contacted by 
extrater··estrial beings  reveals a  struggle between Christ and anti-Christ 
forces.  Allegations  should be  evaluated not  so  much  in  the  light of whether 
they are possible  or valid but  in  the  light of  who  contacted these people: 
were  they force a  of  good or forces of  evil? 

Jessup,  Morris  K.  UFO  and the  Bible.  New  York,  Citadel Press,  1956. 

126  p. 

Book purports to  show  that (1)  there  is a  causal common denominator for 
many  of  the  Biblical  wonders,  and (2)  that this  common  .!ause  is related 
to the  phenomenon of  the UFO,  both  directly and indirectly. 

Kleinz,  John P.  Theology of  outer space.  Columbia,  v.  40,  Oct.  1960: 

27-28,  36-37. 

Reeve,  Bryant and Helen Reeve.  Flying saucer pilgrimmage.  Amherst, 

Wis.,  Amherst Press,  1957. 

:104  p. 

Account of  two-year  private research by  authors into  UFO phenomenon 
which  involved 23,000  miles of travel to interview individuals  claiming 
contact with  extraterrestrial beings.  Religious,  philosophic,  and 
prophetic implications of  UFO appearances are also discussed. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  What happened at  Fatima?  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

Mar. -Apr.  1964:  12-14. 

Resum~ of  the  miracle at Fatima.  north of Lisbon,  Portugal,  which ex-
tended from May  13  to Oct.  7,  1917,  in context of  the  UFO phenomenon. 
Author  suggests that UFO  occupants  may present themselves in terms 
familiar  to  "contactees, " usually as divine  manifestations. 

The  saucer question.  The  Catholic digest,  v.  16,  Oct.  1952:  121. 

Father  Francis J.  Connell,  dean of  Catholic  University's School of  Sacred 
Theology,  summarizes the  Church's position on  the question of invaaers 
from outer  space.  Theologically speaking,  outer space dwellers  might 
fall into four  principal classes:  (1)  they  might have received a  super-
natural destiny from God;  (2)  God  could have created them with  a  natural 
but eternal destiny;  (3)  they  might  be  rational beings who  si1U1ed  against 
God but  were never given the  .:hance to  regain grace;  and  (4)  they  might 
have received supernatural gifts  and kept them,  leading the paradisical 
existence of  Adam and Eve  before they ate  the forbidden fruit. 

The  theology of  saucers.  Time,  v.  60,  Aug.  18,  1952:  62. 

Fatlter  Francis J.  Connell,  dean of  Catholic  University's School of 
Sacred Theology,  summarized his  church's position on the question  of 
invaders from outer space.  He  noted that  ''the  principles of [Catholic J 
faith  are entirely reconcilable with  even the  most astounding possibilities 
regarding life  on  other planets. " 

Viney,  Basil.  Invasion .. ·om space.  The  contemporary review,  v.  i.;,J,  Oct.  1255: 

257-260. 

After  briefly  reviewing what is known  and  what  is speculated about flying 
saucers,  the  author  says it does  not  appear  that interplanetary or inter-
stellar or  j1!ter-galaxial communication could ha\'e  any  effect on  the  genuine 
religious fundamentals.  He  believes the vision o!  the  being of  God would be 
magnified and that the  prospect of  human  brotherhood on a  cosmic  scale 
never  before  conceived would uplift us  from all petty world-parochial 
qllarrels. 

=====================================================
UFOs  and  Time 

Another speech by Wilbert B.  Smith.  Flying saucer review,  v.  9,  Nov. -Dec. 

1963:  11-14. 

Author,  head of Canadian Project Magnet,  imparts informaUon allegedly 
obtained from extraterrestrial sources that cai;;ts  serious doubt on validity 
of  some  basic concepts of  our science  and ou  our  ideas of  time.  He  men-
tions having  made  "hardware that wor&<s"  from information given him  by 
extraterrestrial intelligences.  Extracts from speech delivered to 
Vanccuver  (Canada)  Flying Saucer  Club in March 1961. 

Cadman,  A.  G.  A layman's time and  space.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

Nov.  -Dec.  1964:  19-21. 

Theories are advanced regarding time  measurement.  It is suggested that 
the  penalty or advantage of  exceeding the  speed of  light might be  invisibility, 
and that UFOs  could well  be  vehicles which  only become visible when  they 
decelerate from their conventfonal speed which  is greater than the  speed of 
light.  Reprinted from June  13.  1964,  Sphere. 

Cox,  Adrian R.  A question of  time.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  Mar.- -Apr. 

1964:  18-21,  34. 

Time  is one  of  the  two  aspects of  speed.  Vast distances in space  can be 
minimized by  an increase in speed.  Are there any  limits to  speed?  This 
article attempts an answer,  and  has  implications for  interstellar flight. 

Cox,  Adrian.  A question of time.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10,  July-Aug. 

1964:  7-9. 

Time  factor  in covering interstellar distances is basic reasor. for  unwill-
ingness  of  scientists to  accept existence of  interplanetary spacecrait, 
author  poFotulates.  He  suggests reasons an advanced extraterrestrial 
civilization may  have  surmounted tnis  apparent difficulty. 

De  Arujo,  Hernai1i Ebecken.  Einstein,  espa~o-tP.mpu.  Rio  de  Janeiro, 

The  Author,  1965.  89  p. 

Einstein's "clock paradox" which suggests that  at speeds approaching that 
of  lii,1;ht  man would  tra1• 1'1  into the  past or into  the  future  is confirmed,  accord-
ing to author,  by exisle .~e of  UFOs  whose  speed has  been clocked on  radar 
as thous ... nds of  kilometers an  hour.  He  refe~s to  11,500  yr. -old cave  in-
scriptions of flying saucers and  motiler  ship ctiscovered in Varzelandia, 
Brazil,  in 1963,  and suggests they prove  man is travelling or will travel 
through space-time that is  "continuous  at four  dimension5. " 

Fou~rl!,  Rene.  Seraient-ils des revenants du  futur?  Pill!no1!1enes  spatiaux, 

Ju:1e  1966:  11-14. 

Author  speculates on an explanation for  the  faci.  that UFO  occupants do  not 
:lttempt widespread contact with humans:  they might  be  time travelers re-
turning to  the  past from the  future. 

=====================================================
Gravity  and  Anti-gravity 

Barker,  Gray.  Has man conquered gravity?  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  1958:  8-11. 

Discuss!on of Otis  T.  Carr's circular-foil design OTC-Xl  aircraft designed for 
flight  to within 1, 000  miles away from  earth and to be  powered by  "utron" 
energy derived from  ''natural environmental sources. " 

Burridge,  Gaston.  Townsend Brown and his anti-gravity discs.  Fate,  v.  11,  Nov. 

1958:  40-48. 

Propulsion principle based on the Biefeld-Brow~ effect was successfully used 
by  Brown to fly  saucer-like discs.  Method has definite anti-gravitic potentials. 

Cordonnier,  Gerard.  Polarization de  la masse levitation et antigravitation. 

Phenom~nes spatiaux,  Sept.  1966:  21-24. 

Author  suggests that the phenomenon of levitation be  inveE-tigated in depth for 
clues as to how  the force  of gravity is overcome. 

Cramp,  Leonard G.  Space,  gravity,  and the flying  saucer.  Intr0t..i  r,y  Desmond 

Leslie.  London,  T.  Werner Laurie,  Ltd.,  1954.  182 p. 

Postulating that UFOs are intelligently controlled extraterrestrial spacecraft, 
author introduces theory and supporting arguments that they are propelled by 
a  controlled gravitational field. 

E1wards,  Frank.  Frank Edwards'  report.  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957:  51-57. 

Notes  alleged discovery in  19'~6 by  Dr.  Charles  F.  &ish that the  substance 
lintz basalt seemingly defies the  laws of gravity by  not accelerating in free 
fall.  Notes  that in April of 1957  five  major aeronautical companies may  have 
been engaged in  a.11U-eravity  research projects.  Alleges that the Air  Force 
has a  multimillion dollar plant equipped especially for  investi~ation of anti-
gravity and counter-gravitational forces.  Suggests  that resea:.·ch activity 
relates to  determining propulsion  mode  of  UFOs. 

Fedi.,  Remo.  Un  grande enigma: il mistero dell'attrazione.  Clyp,~us,  v.  5,  Feb. 

1968:  2-6. 

Discussion of theories relating to gX'avitational attraction between celestial 
bodies. 

Sharp,  Peter F.  A look at gravitation.  Flying sai1ee:r  review,  v.  8,  July-Aug. 

1962:  29-31,  33. 

Examination of theories and recent speculation about gravitation as  it relates 
to the  UFO phenomenon. 

Sykes,  Egerton.  Negative or contra terrene matter.  Atlantis,  v.  5,  July 1952: 

25-29. 

Article on the subject of  negative  mass and whether its properties will  neutra-
lize gravity. 

Van  As,  I.  A.  Anti-gravity:  the  science of electrogravitics.  Flying saucer review, 

v.  8,  Jan. -Feb.  1962:  22-24. 

Principle is proposed for an anti-gravity dia-magnetic  spa~~cTaft of aluminum 
and bismuth that would travel along the lines of force  of  the pJJ.11ets. 

Van den Berg,  Basil.  My  discovery will prove  Adamski's claim.  Flying saucer 

review,  v.  8,  Nov. -Dec.  1962:  3-5. 

Author  claims to have deciphered the hieroglyphics on a photographic plate 
allegedly given  Adamski  by  Venusians and to have  constructed an anti-gravity 
device based on them. 

Veldman,  James S.  Saucers,  gravity,  and  men.  Flying saucers,  July-Aug.  l9!l8: 

72-76. 

Author speculates that the Government may be  :;earching for  means to control 
gravity in effort  to develop aircraft whose performance can match the reported 
behavior of  UFOs. 

Hollow  Earth  Theory 

Barton,  Michael  X.  Rainbow  City and the  inner earth people.  Los  Angeles,  1"utura 

Press,  1960.  31  p. 

Suggests that legendary Rainbow  City--owned by  a  race of people living inside 
the earth and used as a  base for their flying  saucers--is in  Antarctica near its 
ea&tern coast.  Flying  saucers in our skies  may therefore be  coming from 
inside the earth instead of from other planei;s. 

Beckley,  Timothy G.  The Shaver  mystery and the inner earth.  Clarksburg,  W.  Va., 

Saucerian Publications,  1967.  118 p. 

Review  of the Shaver  mystery and  succinct overview of the whole  tradition of 
underground races. 

Bernard,  Raymond.  Flying saucers from the earth's interior.  Joinville,  Santa 

Catarina,  Brazil,  The  Author,  r1966?) 

89  p. 

Author presents evidence from Arctic explorers concerning the  existence  of a 
hollow  earth with  openings at the  poles.  Admiral  Byrd reportedly penetrated 
this region for  2, 300  miles,  entering a  land of  mountains,  forests,  lakes,  rivers, 
greenery,  anti  animal  life. 

----- The  hollow earth.  Mokelumne  Hill,  Calif.,  Health  Research,  19b3.  105 p. 

Book purports to present scientific  evidence that the  earth is hollow with openings 
at its  prJles  rather than  solid with a fiery  center of  molten  metal.  It also argues 
that in earth's interior exists an  advanced ci'!ilization which  is the  creator of 
the flying  saucers.  Published also in 1964  edition  (New  York,  Distributed by 
Fieldcrest Pub.  Co.,  1964). 

"Byrd did  make  North  Pole flight  in  Feb.,  1947 ! "--Giannini.  Flying saucers,  Feb. 

1961:  4-11. 

·-

Si·ries of letters between Richard Ogden and  Amadeo  Giannini,  author of 
y orlds beyond the Poles discussing whether or not  Admiral  Byrd actually 
Hew  over the North Pole  in February 1&47  and whether or r.)t he  "penetrated 
1, 700  miles beyond it. " 

Dickhoff,  Robert E.  Agharta.  Bostc;n,  Bruce Humphries,  Inc.,  1951.  106 p. 

Author asserts that Agharta in  central China is one of  seven underground cities 
built l>y  Martians who  had  come  to  colonize earth and later settled by them to 
escape  radioadivity following an atomic war between  Atlantis and  Lemuria. 
Openings to subterranean tunnels  giving access to these cities--and through 
which  Martian interplanetary spacecraft can still enter and exit--are in  Tibet, 
Siberia,  North and South. America,  and  some  remote  mountain peaks. 

----- Homecoming of tht Martians.  Ghaziabad,  India,  Bharti Assn.  Publications, 

1958.  175 p. 

Hidden  "mystery cities, " above and below  the  earth could well  be  the habitat 
in  which the  original  e~rth colonizers,  the  Martians,  live a secluded,  protected, 
scientific  existence,  tI e author suggests.  These cities may be  Lhasa,  Agharta 
(Tzangpo  Valley,  Tibet\,  and  Rainbow  City,  Antarctica.  He  believes that 
flying  saucers are Mart~an spaceships whose pilots manipulate a power principle 
of planetary,  magnetic  cu . .'rents.  Mankind  and its destiny is supervised by 
these beings.  Book  also published by  Health  Research,  Mokelumne Hill,  Calif., 
1964. 

Emerson,  Willis  George.  The  smoky god.  New  York,  Fieldcrest Publishing Co., 

1964.  186  p. 

Evidence  is presented in  support of the  hollow  earth theory and the  existc~nce of 
a superior civilization in  the earth's interior. 

Gardner,  Marshall  B.  A journey to the  earth's interior.  Aurora,  Ill.,  The  Author, 

1913.  69  p. 

Author  expounds  tht>  theory of  a  central sun within the  earth's interior. 

Gardner,  Martin.  In  t~e name  of  science.  Nev  York,  G.  P.  Putnam's Sons,  1952. 

320  p. 

Survey of  "quasi-scientific" theories.  Chapters are included on  the  flat  and 
hollow  earth theories,  Fortean phenomena,  Atlantis  ar.d  Lemuria,  flying 
saucers,  poltergeist phenomena,  and  ESP  and  PK. 

Palmer.  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world,  No.  A-1.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer 

Publications,  1961.  192 p. 

Stories of  Richard Shaver,  who  believes the  earth is inhabited underground, 
in gigantic  caves whose  area is more extensive than the  surface land area, 
by  the  "dero"··-an idiot people governed by  degenerate forces,  and the  ''tero" 
--who are governed by constructive  forces.  Both  groups are descendants  of 
an immortal  Titan-Atlan race that fled earth when the  sun started giving 
off poisonous  radiation that caused them  to age and then die.  Included are: 
A witch  in the  night;  The  tormenting voices;  Flight  into futility;  I enter the 
caves;  A taste of heaven;  The  living library; I remember  Lemuria;  Disaster 
and escape;  The  ancient alphabet;  A dictionary of  the Mantong language; Why 
the caves are secrt:t. 

----- Saucers from  earth:  a  challenge to secrecy.  Flying ss,ucers,  Dec.  1959: 

8-21. 

Author  suggests that the  most logical  origin for flying  sa·Jcers  is our own 
earth and that the  hollow earth theory,  which  suggests the interior of the 
earth is populated by  a highly evolved race with great technological  skill, 
merits serious attention. 

Shaver,  Richard S.  The  elder world.  In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world, 

No.  A-6.  Amherst,  Wis.,  PalmerPubl'cations,  1962.  p.  964-977. 

Lore of the  Shaver  mystery and life in earth's inner world. 

----- Fiction-fact; theory-science. 

In Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world, 

No.  A-5.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palme1·  Publications,  1962.  p.  884-911. 

Author  expands  on  his theory that  the  groups  secretly manipulating  mankind 
and world history are the evil  "deros" and the beneficent 
in caverns inside the  earth. 

''teros" who  reside 

----- How  to  make a portrait of  dero activity.  In  Palme:r,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden 

world,  no.  A-8.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer Pllblications,  1962.  p.  1349-1353. 

Step-by step instrt•ctions for obtaining photographic prouf of  dero activity. 

----- In the beginning.  In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-5. 

Amherst,  Wis.,  Palme:r  Publications,  1962.  p.  931-949. 

Author  writes that the first race to inhabit earth was very diverse  in form  and 
was the product of  intermingling of  many extraterrestrial  races.  This  race 
perished when  the  sun sent out an unpredicted wave  of  heat  that  destroyed t'.11 
life in our solar system.  The  second race to inhabit earth,  also of extra-
terrestrial orit,rin,  was  the  Titan-Atlan under whose  rule Atlantis  flourished. 
Destruction of this civilization was  by flood. 

----- The  invisible  interview,  or,  what do  you  know  about flying  saucers?  In 
Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world,  No.  A-8.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer-
Publications,  1962.  p.  1526-1532. 

Relationship between UFOs and their pilots and the  "dero" and  "tero" is 
discussed. 

Shaver,  Richard S.  Lo,  the wonder of the occult explanation!  In Palmer,  Ray, 

ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-5.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmerl>ublications, 
1962.  p.  912-928. 

Article attempts to  disprove the  existence of  spirits and poltergeists as living 
things of  an  interpenetrating or co-existent  "etherean" world and postut.ates 
the  existence in caverns within the  earth of machines which  can be used to 
poduce phenomena similar in every way to spirit phenomena. 

----- The  lorelei.  In Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world,  No.  A.-6.  Amherst, 

Wis.,  Palmer Publications,  1962.  p.  978-992. 

Greek and Roman  myths are interpreted in  modern terms.  Author postulates 
that the  "gods'' exi.sted and were the  "front" the cavern people erected between 
themselves and discovery by  thP.  vigorous  races that  lived on earth's surface 
early in her history. 

----- Mand::irk ... postscript,  1948.  In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world,  No. 

A-4.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer Publications,  1961.  p.  588-532. 

Story about the  caves under  Jerusalem as they exist in  modern  times--
inhabited by  the  "deros" and  "teros." 

----- Return of  Si:tthanas. 

In Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-4. 

Amherst,  Wis.,  PalmerPublications,  1961.  p.  663-765. 

Legend of  Sathanas,  1,;enerally called Satan,  and  much  of  the  lol'e  of  the  "deros" 
and  "teros" and of their life  inside the earth. 

----- La  sorciere. 

In  Palmer,  Ray.  ed.  The  hidden world,  No.  A-5.  Amherst, 

Wis.,  Palmer Publications,  1962.  p.  839-883. 

Tale of  sorceresses living  on  the  surface of  the  earth who find  ways  to be  useful 
to the cavern-dwelling "dero'' of  the  earth's inner world to the  detriment  of 
mankind. 

----- What  I  am trying to  say.  In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden world,  No.  A-16. 

Amherst,  Wis., 

:ealmer Publications,  1964.  p.  2r95-2700. 

Author  summarizes what  he  has  tried to <i.ccomplish  in his  writings:  (1)  explain 
all  early history of  man as  being wrong deductions  based on false premises 
and  give a truer picture of  man's  past; (2)  show  what  originated the  God  legend; 
(3)  explain witchcraft;  (4)  e>..'}Jlain  spiritualism:  (5)  show  that all  religions have 
been used in  the past,  are still used,  and will be used in  the future  towards 
ends of  which  we  have  no  knowledge  or understanding:  (6)  show  that deep  in  the 
rock under nearly every nation of  earth lie scientific  secrets of  an  "Elder'' 

race which would make  ''modern" science  obsolete;  (7)  show  that  modern 
sci~1;tists are obstructed  in their work by  a  class of  people  resident within 
the earth to an extent that  robs us of  90% of  the progress they would bring 
us;  (8}  show  that our vast wars are  started and kept going  by these bPings; 
(9)  show that age is caused by  radioactives thrown off from the sun;  and 
(10)  show  that all the  race called modern man  is explo~ted,  fooled,  and 
destroyed,  kept from  all  real progress,  by  a  race that  considers them 
enemies for  the  most part  or cattle. 

Wentworth,  Jim.  Clarifying the Shaver mystery.  In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The  hidden 

world,  No.  A-13.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer Publications,  1964.  p.  2123-2149. 

Article  summarizes the basic principles of  "Shaverb..m, " which postulates 
an inner  world of  e'lll  "deres" and good  "teros" who  manipulate  mankind and 
world events through use of  machines in their possession. 

----- Spiritualism and the Shaver mystery. 

In Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden 

world,  No.  A-8.  Amherst,  Wis.,  PalmerPuulications,  1962.  p.  1404-1415. 

Author questions whether all forms  of occult  or Fortean phenomena could 
indeed be  caused by  Shaver's material,  flesh-and-blood cavern dwellers and 
suggests that it is unlikeJy. 

=====================================================
Disappearances 

Comella,  Tom.  Have  UFOs  "swallowed" our aircraft?  Fate,  v.  14,  May 

1961:  32-37. 

Mr..<>ter  Sergeant 0.  D.  Hill of  Project Blueboot<:  allegedly related instances 
wh0re aircraft being tracked on  radar  mysteriously disappeared after 
"n:erging" with UFOs  also  ~ing tracked. 

The  de:>ily  Bermuda triangle.  Flying  saucer  review,  v.  10,  July-Aug.  1964: 

14-~ .. 

Summary of  mysterious disappearances of  aircraft between  1945  and  1963 
in e:.1rspace  over triangle formed  by  drawing a  line  from  Florida to  Bermuda, 
from  Bermuda to  Puerto Rico,  and from  Florida forough  the  Banamas. 

Disappearances of  aeroplanes.  LUFORO  bulletin,  v.  3,  Sept. -Oct.  1962:  5-6. 

List of  aircraft disappearances  1913-1955,  giving  pilot's  name,  point of 
departure,  and regicn of disappearance. 

Foss,  William 0.  The  missing  crew of  the  airsnip  L-8.  Fate,  v.  12,  Nov. 

1959:  74-78. 

Two  naval  aviators <lisappeared from the  USN  blimp  L-8 on  Apr.  18.  1958, 
while  on  routine  submarine patrol over the  C.i.lifornia  coastline. 

Gaddis,  Vincent H. 

[Survey  of  mysterious disappearances J  In his  Invisible 

horizons.  Philadelphia,  Chilton Co.,  1965,  p.  161-225.  - -

Describes disappearances of  men and aircraft under  cireumstan~es that 
would  suggest Kidnapping  by  extraterrestri<1ls. 

Sanderson,  Iva11  T.  The  spreading  myster; of the  Bermuda triangle. 

Argosy,  v.  367,  Aug.  1968:  35-37,  '11,  '13. 

Author  discusses a pattern revealed in the  disappearance of  ships, 
planes,  and submarines. 

Related  Subjects 

=====================================================
GENERAL  REFERENCES 

Baker,  James.  The  exteriorization of the  mental body.  New  York,  The William-

Frederick Press,  1954.  32  p. 

A  scientific  interpretation  of  the  out-of-the-body  experience  known  as 
pneumakinesis. 

Baroja,  Julia C.  The world of  the witches.  Chicago,  University of  Chicago Press, 

1964.  313 p. 

Examines the question of the  nature of  reality in a  world where there are witches 
and sorceresses  believed to have  tne power to perform certain acts connectecf 
with ni~ht,  the  moon,  and  noctu:..-nal  spirits. 

Bessor,  John  P  Mysterious lights of  Australia.  Fate,  v.  6,  Aug.  1953:  87-90. 

The  "min-min light" phenomenon of  Australia is described.  Characteristically 
visible only at night,  ''a huge  globe  of  brilliant light  soars up from the wooded 
horizon,  travels  rapidly over the treetops for  some distance and then hovers, 
stationary for some time,  giving the observer the  eerie impression it is watch-
ing him, II 

Cade,  Cecil  Maxwell.  Other worlds than ours.  London,  Museum  Press,  1966. 

248 p. 

Consideration of  po~sibility and implications of  other worlds in space and other 
worlds  in time. 

Coates,  James.  Seeing the invisible.  London,  New  York,  Fowler & Co.,  1909. 

315 p. 

Studies in psychometry,  thought  transference,  telepathy,  and allied phenomena 
that attest to reality of forces and powers that  cannot be  measured by physical 
means. 

Corrall,  Alice  Enid.  Witchcraft:  the  sixth sense and us,  by Justine  <rlass 

London,  Neville Spearman,  1966.  205  p. 

lpseud.] 

Witches and witchcraft are evaluated in terms of  extrasensory perception and 
as the  reservoir of  ''Know-how" of  the  psychic faculties.  Contact with forces 
beyond the world of form  is suggested as axiomatic. 

Da Silva,  Renato  I.  No  espafo n'i".o  estamos sos. 

ffil'.o  Paulo,  Edart,  1966.  213 p. 

Theories relating to possibHity of  life on  the  moon  anct other pl:mets  are sum-
marized.  Parapsychological phenomena of  mental telepathy,  precognition, 
ESP,  premonition,  and astral projection are discussed as they might  relate 
to  contact with  extraterrestrial entities or intelligences. 

Donnell/,  Joseph W.  Diary of  a psychic.  Hollywood,  Fla.,  The  Author,  1966. 

60 p. 

Anecdotes  and personal experiences of  author in the  development  of  extrasen-
sory perception allegedly written under  guidance  of  "spirit  mentors."  Includes 
discussion of psychic-occult-UFO matters. 

Dunne,  John W.  An  experime!1t with time.  LondC1a,  Faber and  Faber,  1934.  288 p. 

Analysis of  the  "time  regress":  author proves to his own  satisfaction that the 
human  mind,  or memory,  can move  forward in time as well  as backward. 

Eddington,  Arthur S.  The  nature of the physical world.  London,  J.  M.  Dent Sons, 

1935.  345  p. 

Summary of the philosophy of  the new  physics:  (1)  The  symbolic nature of the 
entities of physics  is generally recognized and the  scheme of physics is  formu-
lated in such a way as to maki::  it almost self-evident that  it  is a partial aspect 
of  something wider;  (2)  Strict causality is abandoned in the  material world; 
(3)  Recognizing that the physical world is entirely abstract and without  'actual-
ity' apart from  its linkage to  consciousness,  we  restore consciousness to the 
fundamental position instead of  representing it as an  inessential complication 
occasionally found  in the  midst of  inorganic  nature at a late stage of  evolution-
ary history;  (4)  The  sanction for  correlating a  'real' physical world to  certain 
feelings  of  which we  are conscious does  not  seem to differ in any essential  re-
spect from  the  sanction for  correlating a  spiritual domain to  ~ .• other side of 
our personality. 

Flammarion,  Camille.  Mysterious psychic forces.  Boston,  Small,  Maynard and 

Co.,  1907.  466 p. 

Study of psychical phenomena.  Author  concludes that  man has in himself a 
fluidic  a.'ld psychic force  whose  nature is still unknown,  but  which is capable 
of  acting at a  distance upon matter· and of  moving the  same.  This force,  the 
expression of our will,  is both psychical and physical. 

----- The  unknown.  New  York and  London,  Harper  & Bros.,  1900.  487  p. 

A collection  of psychic facts that shows  that we  live in the  midst of  an invisible 
world  in which  forces  are at work of which we  know  very little.  There are 
mental transmissions,  communications of thoughts,  and psychic  currents be-
tween human souls.  We  may see without  eyes and hear without  ears "not by 
unnatural excitement of our sense of vision or of hearing, ... but  by  some in-
terior sense,  psychic and  mental. " 

Fuller,  Curtis.  A psychiatrist looks  at psychic  doubles.  Fate,  v.  12,  Jan.  1959: 

67-75. 

The  psychic  double  (autoscopic phenomenon)  is defined in  medical terms by 
Dr.  Narcyz  Lukianowicz  of  Barry Hospital,  Brhtol,  England,  as a  "complex 
psycho-sensorial hallucinatory perception of  one's own  body  image projected 
into external visual space. "  Detailed studies of phenomenon appeared in 
August  1958  issue of Archives of Neurology and Psychiatry. 

Geier,  Chester S.  Ghost light of  Hornet.  Fate,  v.  9,  Apr.  1956:  58-61. 

A strange luminous  glow  that  appears each night  in the  Joplin-Neosho area of 
Missouri and that  defies  scientific explanation is described. 

Geley,  Gustave.  From the unconscious to  the  conscious.  New  York and  London, 

Harper & Bros.,  1921.  327  p. 

Interpretation of the evolution of the  individual  and the universe.  Continuous 
development  of the  conscious is postulated as an  evolutionary fact;  this con-
scious,  grown to its full  stature,  will be  able to transcend all  its limitations, 
to attain what  is now  inaccessible,  to understand what  is now  incomprehensible. 

Giannini,  Amadeo.  Worlds beyond the poles.  New  York,  Vantage  Press,  1959. 

218  p. 

Author attempts to prove his contention that  there  are no  northern or southern 
limits to the earth;  celestial land areas appearing  "up" or out from  the  earth 
constitute physical land routes from the  earth to every land area of the universe. 

Hampton,  Wade  T.  How  to \m'°IOtize  by telepathy.  Fate,  v.  9,  Nov.  1956:  88-94. 

Tests indicate that  a  subject  may  l>e  entranced by mental  command. 

----- Mys~cry of hypnotic  "ecstacy."  Fate,  v.  10,  Jan.  1957:  94-99. 

Discussion of the  "visions" of et;statics and the bearing that the phenomenon 
might have on the  exis~ence of  a  "spirit world" and on communication wah be-
ings 0'1  another plane of existence. 

Kapp,  R.  O.  Toward a tmified cosmology.  N~w York,  Basic  Books,  1960.  303  p. 

Hypothesis  ls defended that the  iaw&  of physks are not  restrictive in the sense 
in which laws  in  stat\!!~ books are.  The laws cf physics,  it is claimed,  neHh~r 
require nor prohibit any specific  number,  event,  condition,  property,  coil.figu-
ration,  or other fo4ture.  They permit everythi"1g  to occur that  is logically con-
sistent with all observable facts  and that  is,  in this senst:-,  logical!}  possible. 
It  is  shown that our understanding of gravitatio11  i.s  more defective than that of 
most natural phenomena and eight questions of  major significance are listed to 
which answers canno~ yet  b(>  provided. 

Krafft,  Carl .F.  Ether and matter.  Richmond,  Va.  Dietz  Printing Co .•  1945.  ll 7p. 

Defending the dyna1nic  ether and v11rtex  &tom  theory,  the author believes that 
all  phenomena of the physical universe are only different  manifestations  of  the 
various modes  of  motio'1 of the all-pervadbg ether.  He  refE>rs  to th·~ pan-
psychic doctrine that the  ronsciousness  has its origin in the  ether.  The ether 
would tht-u  be the common  substrate of both  mind and  mattn and would have 
psychital as well as physical attributes,  both of  whicfi  would  b•:  governed by 
similar  or a11alogous  laws  and principles. 

Last,  Cecil  E.  Man  in the uriiverse.  London.  Werner  La\!rie,  1954.  166 p. 

The  universe is conceived as a  lion-mechanical  reality.  In association with 
Sllch a w.iverse,  the idea is elaborated that  mind is the supreme factor in the 
economy of the universe and that  matter is derived from  consciousness and 
r-·Jt  consciousness from  matter,  in accordance with the suggestions of  Jean, 
de  Broglie,  and  Planck,  supported by  Einstein and Schrodinger. 

Lawrence,  Lincoln.  Were we  controlled?  New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y., 'Jniversity Books, 

1967.  173 p. 

Evidence  is p:r.·esented  indicating that  Lee Harvey vswald a.nd  Jack Ruby  played 
the  roles of  mere robots and were manipulated  without  the\r knowledge  through 
a  new  technique of  mental programming called R.H. I. C.  and  E. D. 0. M. 
(Radio-Hypnotic Intracerebral Control and  F.lectrnnic  Dissoultion  of  Memory). 

Loftin,  Bob.  Spooksville's ghost lights.  Tulsa,  Okla.,  The  Author,  1967.  28  p. 

-~ompilahon of  st0riei:,  news  items,  and testimonials  concerning strance "lights 
in the  sky'' seen at Spooksville,  11  miles  southwest  of Joplin,  Mo. 

Mamontoff,  Nicholas.  Can  thoughts  :,ave form?  Fate.  v.  13,  June  1960:  41-46. 

Experiment is described in  which  a  thought  form  (egrigor)  - a  red-haired cat 
wearing Rur.sian  boots  - was  created through  intense concentration by  psychic 
researcher•>. 

It is  suggested that  many cases of  ''visions" are actually egrigors. 

Manning1  Henry  P.  The fourth dimension simply explained.  New  York,  Dover 

Fublications,  1960.  251  p. 

A collection of  essays selected from those submitted in the  Scientific  American's 
prize  competition. 

M.iaer,  E.  C.  Correspondence:  ethics and space travel.  Spaceflight,  v.  4,  July 

1962:  139. 

With the  a priori assumption that  intelligent extraterrestrial life  may exist, 
three statements of  ethical conduct are urged for discussion and adaptation: 
(1)  no  contact would be made  with  intelligent life  not possessing spaceflight 
capability;  (2)  no  sectarian or belligerent views or acts would be  made without 
common understanding;  (3) no artifact or specimen not within the technical com-
petence of  both parties woult' be  exchanged. 

O'Brien,  Barbara.  Operators and things:  the inner life of  a  schizophrenic.  Cam-

bridge,  Arlington  Bookro:,  Inc.  [ 1959]  166  p. 

In  her effort to understand how  she suddenly entered a world of  hallucinatory 
characters in which the  reasoning mechanism had been fogged  and the uncon-
scious mind was in control,  the  author presents an account of our present 
state of knowledge  and ignorance  about  schizophrenia.  Account  has same 
similarities to  reports by  UFO "contactees." 

Oehler,  Pe>.:.lline.  The psychic photography of  Ted Serios.  Fate,  v.  15,  Dec.  1962: 

67-82. 

Ted Serios has apparent ability to produce photographs of places he  has never 
been,  never seen,  and of which he  has no  previous knowledge  under strictly 
controlled conditions that preclude fraud. 

Parkes,  A.  S.  and  A.  U.  Smith.  Transport of  life  in  the frozen  or dried state. 

British  In!dical  journal,  May  16,  1959:  1295-1297. 

Penderg;:;st,  R.  Terrestrial and  cosmic polygenism.  Downside  review,  v.  82, 

July  1964:  189-198. 

Pierce 1  J.  R.  Relativity  and space travel.  Institute  of  Radio Engineers,  Proceed-

ings,  v.  47,  June  1959:  1053-1061. 

Puri,  Omananda.  The boy  and  the brothers.  London,  Victor Gallancz  Ltd.,  1959. 

303  p. 

An  allegedly factual  account  of  a young  man who,  while  in a  trance  state--
apparently "possessed" by  superior  'beings'' or entities--perform1 i  miracles 
of healing and served as an  evangelist. 

Rampa,  T.  Lobsang.  The  third eye.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co.,  1956. 

256  p. 

34'( 

.~ 

Case in which  a  Tibetan entity allegedly took possession of  the body of  Cyril 
Hoskin so that he  lost all  memory of  his past life and had instead the  tull 
memory of  a  Tibetan from  babyhood onwards.  Novel  is the  account of  the  con-
trolling entity's life  in a lamasery and psychic powers imparted to  him by  open-
ing of  the  ''third eye. " 

Ross,  John C.  Dr.  Hyden's psychic  horror drug.  Fate,  v.  14,  Aug.  1961:  25-27. 

Dr.  Roiger Hvden,  professor of  histology at the  University of  Goteborg,  Sweden, 
has discovered a tasteless drug--tricyano-amino-propene  (TAP)--that can be 

Rowland,  John.  Mysteries of  science.  London,  Werner Laurie,  1955.  214  p. 

The problem  considered is whether science as a whole  really has limitations 
which  are inherent in the very nature of  sci"'nr"'  itself and,  if  so,  what  these 
limitations actually are.  Also discussed is  ~he corollary problem of  deciding 
what part of  human life and thought  can be  ~xpected to deal  adequately with 
those things which lie well  outside the  •>cit-ntific  sphere. The UFO phenomenon 
is cited as an example of  ~l>e real  reluci.:rnce  on  the part  of  orthodox  scientists 
to examine facts that lie ti'.Ltside  the  more or less arbitrary limits of  ordinary 
scientific investigations. 

Shirley,  Ralph.  The  mystery uf the human doublt-:  the  case for  astral projection. 

New  Hyde  Park,  N.  Y.,  University  Book,  1965.  189  p. 

Postulating that  the physical body  and the  consciousness are separable,  book 
deals with both the 'llOluntary and involuntary exteriorization of the  etheric body 
and  treats the  methods Vvhich  have been adopted for  the  etheric body to leave the 
physical body at will  and the value of  the  results s:l  obtained. 

Stumbaugh,  Virginia.  Fairiea were  real.  Fate,  v.  IO,  Nov.  1957:  83-90. 

Author  claims tbt fairies  did  live,  th:tt  they were  the  last of  the  Neolithic 
peoples in  Europe.  Short,  stocky,  dark-skinned,  they came from the  region 
of  the Mediterranean,  were  dominant  in  Europe for  500  years and had dis-
appeared as a pure  race by the  end of  the  "Middle  Ages.  Dr.  Margaret Murray's 
The  God  of  the Witches  (London,  Faber and  Faber,  1952)  is one  of the  sources. 

Tassi,  Dan.  The  mind and  time  and  space.  Philadelphia,  Dorrance  &  Co.,  1!;62. 

114  p. 

Proposes thesis that time and space are not  limitations to extrasensory per -
ception;  all  knowledge and  information within the universe throughout  eternity 
is therefore available to  consciousness with proper prodding inside the  mind. 
Discusses how  these concepts were applied  to the  study  of  the planets and 
de8cribes experiments in  whlch the evolutionary history of  a  given planet was 
sought by  the experimenter from  a  subject under hypnosis. 

Thornton,  Ronald C.  The unified .field:  an  extension of  the  general theory of 
relativity to date.  Oxford,  England,  Vincent-Baxter  Press,  1951.  23  p. 

34e 

Explanation of  how  the unified field theory collates every singl~ occurence of any 
type  in one unitary conception.  Author assr·rts that such a  unity ls the true 
nature of the  universe. 

Tyrrell,  George  N.  Apparitions.  Lontlon,  Gerald Duckworth  &  Co.,  1953.  172  p. 

Reformulates  in a  concrete and detailed manner the theory that apparitions are 
telepathic  hallucinations and attempts  to  meet  the  obvious objections to it. 

Velikovsky,  Immanuel.  Worlds  in collision.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co., 

1950.  401  p. 

Author's  research among the ancient  records of  man  ranging from un~quivocal 
statements  in writ~en documents,  through  remembrances expressed in n:yth 
and legend,  to a.rcheolo~ical evidence in the form  of obsolete calendars a.'ld 
sundials led him  to a  three-fold thesis:  (I)  there were global  catastroph~s in 
historical times;  (2)  these catastrophes were caused by  extraterrestrial 
agents;  and (3)  these  agcr1~s,  in  the  most  recHJ of  catastrophes,  can be 
identified as the planets  Venus  and Mars,  Venus 'laying the  dominant  role. 

Warder,  George Woodward.  The  cities of the  sun.  New  York,  G.  W.  Dillingham, 

1901.  320  p. 

Argues that the suns of  the  universe are not  hot  or burning globes but  are  self-
luminous perfected worlds--thc personal  residence of  Diety and the future  abode 
of  man.  Housed  in the  ''heavenly  mansions and beautiful  cities" of the  sun 
are the former citizens of the  solar planets,  including  earth's departed spirits. 

Wilkins,  G.  Hubert and Harold M.  Sherman.  Thoughts  through space.  New  York, 

Creative  Age  Press,  1942.  421  p. 

Authenticated record of the Wilkins-Sherman experiments in long-distance 
telepathy. 

Young,  John R.  The  negative  universe.  Fate,  v.  11,  Apr.  1958:  87-bu. 

Hypothesizes that  intelligent  beings  may !';Xist  in a  "negative universe'' that 
interpenetrates and coexists with  ours without  our being conscious of  it. 
Suggests that this  might  explain poltergeist  manifestations and flying  saucers. 

Younghusband,  Francis.  Life  in the  stars.  London,  John  Murray,  1927.  222  p. 

An  exposition of  the view  that  on  some planets of some stars exist beings that 
are higher on  the  evolutionary scale than  ma:-1  and that  on  one  of  them  exists 
"the  supreme embodiment  of the eternal spirit which animates  the whole." 

Zubek,  T.  J.  Theological questions  on space creatures.  American ecclesiastical 

review,  v.  145,  Dec.  1961:  393-399. 

ATLANTIS AND  LEMURIA 

Churchward,  James.  Cosmic forces as they were taught  ir.  Mu.  New  York,  The 

Author,  1934.  246  p. 

Translations of fragments  of  the  "Sacred Inspired Writings-··Scientific Section" 
written over 70, 000  years ago  on  the lost continent of  Mu. 

----- The  lost continent  of  Mu.  New  York,  Ives  Washburn,  1931.  335 p. 

Information about  Mu  based on  translations of  two  se~s of  ancient tablets: 
(1)  the Naacal tablets discovered in India,  and  (2)  stone tablets discovered by 
William Niven  in Mexico.  Some  of  the  subjects em.bodied  are an account  of 
the creation in m!.nute  detait;  life and its origin;  the  origin and workings  of 
the  "four Great Cosmic  Forces," and the  creation of  woman.  Al'thor  asserts 
that both  sets of  tablets establish that  at one  time earth had ~n ancient  civili-
zation which was  superior to our own and far in advance  of  us in  important 
essentials. 

----- The  sacred symbllls of  Mu.  New  York,  I.  Washburn,  1939.  296  p. 

Evidence  is preser.ted that  all  religions  have  common origin in  Lemuria's 
sacred writir.&s:  Moses condensed ' The  42  Questions" of  the Osirian reEgion 
into our Ten Commandments;  the  Lord's  Prayer and our Proverbs are  in 
the  sacred writings of  Mu. 

De  Camp,  L.  Sprague.  Lost  continents:  the  Atlantis  theme in  history,  science,  and 

literature.  New  York,  Gnome  Press,  1954.  362  p. 

Legends  concerning Atlantis,  Mu,  and  other  ''lost continents'' are explored and 
the  literature concerning the  topic,  including fiction,  analyzed. 

Donnelly,  Ignatius.  Atlantis:  the antediluvian world.  New  York,  Gramercy 

Publishi~g Co.,  1949.  355  p. 

An  attempt to demonstrate  several propositions:  (1)  that there once existed in 
the  Atlantic  Ocean,  opposite the  mouth  of  the  Mediterranean Sea,  a large 
island--the remnant  of  an  Atlantic  continent--known to the ancient world as 
Atlantis;  (2)  that the  description of  this island given  by  Plato is not  fable but 
history;  (3)  that  Atlantis was  the  region where  man first  rose from a  srate of 
barbarism to civilization;  ( 4)  that the  gods  and  goddesses  of  the  ancient  Greeks, 
the  Phoenicians,  the  Hindus,  and the Scandinavians were  simply the  kings, 
queens,  and  heroes of  Atlantis--the acts attributed to  them  being a  confused 
recollection of  real historical events;  (5)  that  the  mythologies  of  Egypt  and 
Peru represented the  original  religion  of  Atlantis,  which was  sun-worship; 
(6)  that the  oldest  colony formed by the  Atlanteans was probably  Egypt,  whose 
civilization was  a  reproduction of that of the  Atlantic  island;  (7)  that the 
implements of  the  Bronze  Age  were derived from  Atlantis  and that the 
Atlanteans were the first manufacturers of  iron;  (8)  that the  Phoenician alphabet, 

p:·rent of  all  the  European alphabets,  was derivei:i from an Atlantis alphabet; 
(f;j  that  Atlantis perished in a  terrible convulsion  of nature,  in which the whole 
~sland was submerged by the ocean with nearly ?Jl  its inhabitants; and (10) 
t.hat  a few  persons escaped in ships and on  rafts,  and carried to the nations 
east and west the tidings of the catastrophe,  which  h~ survived to our own 
time in the  Flood and  Deluge  legends of the  different nations  of the  Old and 
New  worlds. 

Globe,  H.  c.  Atlantis  sank later than you  think.  Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957:  19-24. 

Records  indicating that some remnants o! the  Atlantean continent  may have 
existed near the  Arctic Circle as iate as the 16th  century are cited by the 
author.  He  also suggests that the  Greek navigator  Pythias,  the  onlJ  man 
to sail to the North Country' between 400  B.  C.  and  500  A.  D.,  witnessed 
the final  death throes of  the  sinking  Atlantis. 

Murray,  Jacqueline.  Flying  saucers and  Atlantis.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  5, 

May-June 1959:  18-19,  25. 

Author postulates that  certain beings who  had been incarnate on the planet 
Venus  e12cted to reincarnate on  earth to assist with its evolution and thus 
started the  civilization of Atlantis. 
cataclysms,  these  Venusians  may have been evacu::.ted by flying  saucers. 

\'lhen  Atlantis was destroyed by 

Oliver,  Frederick S.  A dweller on two  planets,  or  The  dividing of  the way by  Phylos 

the  Tibetan.  Los  Angeles,  Baumgardt Publishing Co.,  1905.  423 p. 

High  attainments of the  Atlanteans before engulfment  of their continent  are 
discussed.  Rediscovery of  Atlantean secrets is predicted and it is promised 
that  mankind will  surpass Atlantis' greatness.  Phylos the  Tibetan allegedly 
dictates manuscript telepathically to  author. 

Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-1.  Amherst,  Wit»,  Palmer 

Publications,  1961. 

l92 p. 

Stories of  Richard Shaver,  who  believes the  earth is inhabited underground,  in 
gigantic  caves whose  area is  more extensive than the  surface  land area,  by  the 
"dero"--an idiot  people  governed by  degenerate forces,  and the  "tero"--who 
are governed by  construd1ve forces.  Both groups are descendants  of  an immortal 
Titan-Atlan race that fled  earth when the  sun  starting giving  off poisonous 
radiation that  caused them tt1  age  and then die.  Included are:  A  witch in the 
night;  The  tormenting voices;  Flight  into futility;  I enter the  caves;  A taste of 
heaven;  The  living library;  I remember  Lemuria;  Disaster and  escape;  The 
ancient  alphabet;  A dictionary  of  the  Mantong  language; Why  the  caves are 
secret. 

MIRACLE  AT  FATIMA 

Alexander,  M.  UFO  - seen by  60, 000  witnesses.  Flying  saucers from  other 

worlds,  May 1958:  83-85. 

It is speculated that a  silvery disc viewed by a  crowd of 60, 000  on Odober 13, 
1917,  at Fatima,  Portugual,  concomitant with appearance of  a  vision of  the 
Virgin Mary,  was a  UFO.  Reprinted from  Flying Saucer Review. 

Inglefleld,  Gilbert S.  Fatima:  the three alternatives.  Flying saucer review,  v.  10, 

May-June 19&4:  5-6. 

Events at Fatima,  PortuF:al,  on Oct.  13,  1917,  must have  one  of three explana~ 
tions,  claims tne  author:  (l)  the dancing  sun was a  phenomenon that  science 
can explain;  (2)  it W<lS  a pure miracle; or,  (3)  it was due to UFO intervention 
either on  its own  or with the liaison of Christian agency. 

Ribera,  Antonio.  Whai.  ha!lpened at  Fatima?  Flying  saucer review,  v.  10,  Mar. -

Apr.  1964:  12-14. 

Resume of the  miracle at  Fatima,  north of  Lisbon,  Portui:-:;al,  which extended 
from May  l~ to Oct.13, 1917,  in context  of the UFO phenc::m<?non.  Author 
suggests .that  Ulo"O  occupants  may present themselves in terms familiar to 
"contactees, " usually as divine  manifestations. 

Stone,  Fred P.  The  visions at  Fatima and the flying  saucers.  Australian saucer 

record,  v.  2,  Second quarter,  1956:  7-ll. 

Author expresses i1is  views of  the  remarkable similarity between the account 
of  the  miracle at  Fatima,  Portugal,  on  Oct.  13,  1917,  and descriptions given by 
eye witnesses all  over the  world of  flying  saucer sightings. 

Walsh,  William  T.  Our  Lady of  Fatima.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1947.  227  p. 

Three shepherd children from Serra da  Aire,  Portugal,  reported six times 
in 1917  that they had seen a  circular glooe of  Hght  descend from  the  heavens 
and had sp9ken with  a  lady;--later thougtit  to bl'•  the  Virgin  Mary--who had 
stepped from  inside it. 

=====================================================
POLTERGEISTS 

Cade,  C.  Maxwell.  A long,  cool  look at alien intelligence:  It's all  in the  mind. 

Flying saucer review,  v.  14,  Mar. -Apr.  !968:  7-9. 

Author  suggests the possibility that UFOs and poltergeists are among phenomena 
which could ~e "experienced," with  completely convincing  realism,  due  to 
effects of electromagnetic fields.  He  also suggests that this  electromagnetic 
radiation could be  either terrestrial or extraterrestrial in  origin;  it  could be 
either a  stochastic  natural process or the  planned product of  an alien intelligence. 

Fodor,  Nand.:>r.  On the trail  of the poltergeist.  New  York,  Citadel  Press,  1958. 

222  p. 

Poltergeist manifestations are believed by  author to be  due  to p:·ofounJ cleavage 
of personality in which part of  the mental  systerr.  is  "tern loC\Rc?,  "like a  dis-
embodied entity,  but  is still  capable of personality development,  as any 
autonomous  complex would be,  though  on a  different,  apparently fourth-
dimentional  plane  of  activity. 

Owen,  A.  R.  G.  Can we  explain the polterg<~ist?  New  York,  Garrett Publications, 

1964. 

'36 p. 

'I'he viewpoint  adopted for poltergeist happenings  is that oi 

Various mutually exclusive possible approaches to the  'supernatural" at a 
discussed. 
regular naturalism,  which  seeks  to  explain phenomena in terms of  procN;ses 
which operate in conjuction with,  and without  nullifying,  known  laws of  na::.Jre. 
No  evidence is found  in poltergeist cases  reviewed to  support assumption 
that  any role  is played by a discarnate entity or "spirit" other  thwi at most 
an extension of  the personality of the  "medium."  Data suggest that polter-
geist activity is a  ''psychic" phenomenon in the  sense of  being associated with 
the higher human  brain centers when  these are not  fully  inhibited by  sleep,  iwr 
deranged by  epileptiform discharge,  nor imperfectly developed as in  mental 
defect.  The  association with  adolescence  may be psychological  rather than 
directly physiological. 

Windes,  V.  M.  Flying  rocks and  bouncing lights in Llano,  New  Mexico.  Fate, 

v.  20,  Nov.  1967:  96-99. 

Account  of  apparent poltergeist phenomena accompanied by  bouncing  bluish <.r 
grayish lights about the  size of  a  golf  ball. 

=====================================================
PROPHESIES 

Barton,  Michael  X.  D-day seers speak.  Los  Ar.geles.  Futura Press,  1959.  35  p. 

Describes a  "sudden, catastrophic cleansing" of  earth due  to  take place before  the 
end of  the  20th  century and marked by  the  shift of  the  earth upon  its axis. 

----- The  seven golden prophesies.  Los  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1960.  30  p. 

Book  is based on treatise Comte  de  Gabalis by  French mystic  Abbe  de  Villa.rs. 
Interprets prophesies of  world peace  by  (1)  the  Magi;  (2)  the Sibylline  oracles; 
(3)  Enoch;  (4)  Micah;  (5)  Elder Edda;  (6)  Isaiah; and (7)  Merlin the  Magician. 

----- The  weeping angel prediction. 

Le.~•  Angeles,  Futura Press,  1964.  32  p. 

An  angel  in a picture in Worthing,  Enp,land  is  reported (1961)  to  "weep."  Author 
suggests that  manifestation  is a  sign to humanity--comparable to  sightings of 
flying  saucers--that "the  One  who  is presenting the phenomenon ... will  have 
revealed himself  to the i.:niverse  through a process of  nuclear evolution" by 1967. 

Barton,  Michael X.  Your part  in the great plan.  Los Angeles,  Futu1·a  Press, 

1960.  30  p. 

Discusses what  mm's purpose is and  how  he  may fulfill  it.  Su~gests that we 
are now  living at the  end of an age and predicts that  earth will  undergo big 
geological changes. 

Brown,  Hugh  A.  The  coming  Antarctica disaster.  Fate,  v.  9,  May  1956:  28-34. 

Author  believes that Antarctic ice,  growing at the  rate of  seven trillion tons 
<1.  year 1  may cause the earth to careen on  its axis,  causing floods  that will 
en1:;ulf  the  continents. 

Cleary-Baker,  John.  UFt;s and the  Antarctic  icecap.  BUFORA journal and bulletin, 

v.  I,  Summer 1965:  14-16. 

Critique of  theory that growth of  the icecap at the South  Pole will  cause the axis 
of  the earth to tilt,  res.ilting in a worldwide flood. 
to be  in our skies to  serve as a  rescue squad during this  C<itastrophe.) 

(UFOs  are said by  some 

Cleaver,  A.  v.  Astronautics--its deve . .Jpment  during the  second century of the 

RAeS  (1966-2066).  The  aeronautical  journal,  v.  72,  May  1968:  373-384. 

Forecasting the  course of  astronautics  in the  next 100  years,  the  author pre-
dicts:  "By  AD  2066,  I would expect to find  many  hundreds,  and probably 
thousands,  of  men  and women liviug semipermanently on  the  Moon,  Mars ... 
on  the  moons  of  Jupiter and Saturn,  and in large orbiting space stations. " 

Stumbaugh,  Virginia.  The  coming West Coast disaster.  Fate,  v.  18,  June  1963: 

40-47. 

Psychics predict that  catastrophic  earthquakes and tidal waves  are due  on  the 
West  Coast,  along the  Andreas  Fault,  anytime from  the present to 1999. 

=====================================================
TELEPORTATION 

Creighton,  Gordon.  Teleportations.  Flying  saucer review,  v.  11,  Mar. -Apr. 

1965:  14-16. 

Examination of  some  of the evidrnce in cases in which a  UFO  may have picked 
a person up  in one place and  set him down  again elsewhere. 

Fodor,  Nador.  Mind over  space:  the  mystery of  teleportation;  apported through 

disintegration.  Fate,  v.  IO,  Feb.  1957:  87-93, 

Fourth dime:isional theory is advanced to explain the vanishing and reappearing 
of both  living and inwimate objects with complete disregard for  material and 
spatial barriers: apported objects are,  by an act of will  on the part of the 
operators,  disintegrated into their molecular elements without altering form, 
then passed through the interstices of  matter that would  normally  block pene-
tration,  and reintegrated by  a  second exercise of the power of the will. 

Fodor,  Nador.  Mind over space: the mystery of teleportation;  borne by  the polter-

geist.  Fate,  v.  9,  Sept.  1956:  79-96. 

Mysterious appearances and re-appearances attributed to poltergeists. 

----- Mind  over space: the mystery of  teleportation;  carried by  the  devil.  Fate, 

v.  9,  Aug.  1956:  89-96. 

. 

Account  of  medieval belief in the devil's role in  teleportation. 

----- Mind over space:  the  mystery of teleportation;  conveyed by  spirits.  Fate, 

v.  9,  Oct.  1956:  85-96. 

The poli:ergeist as th~ agent in teleportation. 

----- Mind  over space:  the mystery of  teleportation; falling  into the fourth  dimension. 

Fate,  v.  9,  Dec.  1956:  84-95. 

Instances are cited where  individuals were apparently translated in!o another 
space-time dimension. 

----·  Mind over space:  the mystery of  teleportation.  Fate,  v.  9,  Apr.  1956:  81-91. 

Passages in the  Bible  are cited which  :uight be  considered accounts  of 
teleportation. 

----- Mind  over space:  the  mystery of  teleportation;  kidnapped by fairies.  Fate, 

v.  9,  July 1956:  82-87. 

Case of  levitation. and teleportation attributed to fairies. 

----- Mind over space:  the  mystery of  teleportation;  Mrs.  Guppy  and the  ''apport 

post."  Fate,  v.  10,  Mayl957:  88-94. 

Discussion of  circumstances surrounding teleportation of  Mrs.  Guppy  on 
June  23,  1871,  over a three-mile di:tance  in England. 

----- Mind over space:  the  mystery of teleportation;  shifted through demateriali-

zation.  Fate,  v.  10,  Mar.  1957:  82-91. 

Cases of  teleportation of  the human body  are cited. 

Fodor,  Nador.  Mind  over space:  the  mystery of teleportation;  snatched up  in the 

spirit net.  Fate,  v.  10,  June 1957:  93-98. 

Account  of instances where psychic  mediums were apparently carried from 
place to place by  ''beings from the spirit world." 

----- MinJ  c  er space:  the  mystery of  teleportation;  spirits--or the  unconscious? 

Fate,  v.  10,  Aug.  1957:  89-108. 

Discussion of whether a  genuine  myste~·y is ~:oncealed behind ancient and 
modern records of  teleportation or whether all is myth,  illusion,  and fraud. 

----- Mind over space:  the mystery of  teleportation; the flight  of  Mrs.  Guppy. 

Fate,  v.  10,  Apr.  1&57:  90-98. 

A remarkable instance of human teleportation  took place on  June  23,  1871,  in 
London,  when  a  Mrs.  Guppy was telepo'.':"ted  ove~· a  distance of three  mi!t:s. 

----- Mind  over space: the mystery of  teleportation;  the marquis vanishes.  Fate, 

v.  10,  July 1957:  89-98. 

Teleportation of  a  medium during a  seance is described. 

----- Mind over space:  the  mystery of  teleportation; transported by  ecstacy. 

Fate,  v.  91  June 1956:  89-96. 

Records of teleportation in 14th-18th century historical documents are cited. 

----- Mind over space:  the mystery of  teleportation; traveling by  magic.  Fati, 

v.  9,  May  1956:  87-94. 

References to teleportation in pre-Christian mythology are cited. 

Sanderson,  Ivan  T.  Atta the telepathic teleporting ant.  Fate,  v.  16,  May 1963: 

45-52. 

Telepo1-tation of the huge  queen from one  cell  in the  con1munity to another in 
an emergency is apparently possible to  the  Atta ant.  Experiments in which the 
queen  was  marked with dye  sprayed on  in an  intricate pattern seem to  confirm 
this. 

=====================================================
TUNGUSKA METEORITE 

Barker,  Gray.  Chasing the flying  saucers.  Flying  saucers,  Oct.  1959:  20-30. 

Mentions theory of  Prof.  B.  Lfopunov  of  the U.S. S ..  R.  Academy of  Science that 
a  "cosmic  ship" intended to land in  Mongolia  crashed in Siberia because of 
mechanical difficult!es.  Statement was made after analysis of  report by  1957 
Russian expedition to site of devastating explosion  (1908)  previously th Jught  to 
be  caused by  big meteor impact. 

Dempster,  Derek.  Does  Siberia hold the proof?  Flying  saucer review,  v.  8, 

Jan. -Feb.  1962:  4-6. 

Summarizes the history of  the Tungus  (Siberia)  meteorite of June  30,  1908--
videly P1ought  to  be  a  nuclear-powered spacecraft--and reports the  latt!st 
news  on  the subject from the U.S. S. R. 

Edwards,  Frank.  Did a  space ship explode over Siberia?  Fate,  v.  12,  Oct.  1959: 

44-51. 

On  the  basis of  a 1958  scientific expedition to the  Tunguska region of Siberia, 
Soviet scientist Alexander Kazantsev has developed the theory that the  1908 
explosion there was  an  atomic-powered spacecraft which  disintegrated at an 
altitude of  I. 2 miles. 

Kazantsev,  Alexander.  Gosti iz  kosmosa  [Guests from  space]  Moscow,  Moskovskii 

Rabochii,  1963.  612  p. 

A collection of  science-fiction stories which present Kazantsev's ideas of 
purported invaders from  other planets.  A S(•ries of  23  photographs  ls included 
mostly of  paintings on  rocks found  in the  Sahara Desert,  one from  Delhi,  and 
three from Siberia which  show  the fallen trees following  the  Tunguska  catas-
trophe  which the author claims was  caused by  a nuclPar explosion or by  an 
extraterrestrial space ship. 

----- The  Martian.  In  A visitor from  outer space,  science fiction  stories by 
Soviet writers;  Violet  L.  Dutt,  translator.  Moscow,  Foreign Languages 
Publishing House,  1961,  p.  149-162. 

Fiction.  An  electronic  computer deciphers the  diary written on. earth by a 
Martian left  behind when  his spacecraft exploded in the  Tunga taiga,  Siberia, 
on  June  30,  1908. 

----- A visitor from  outer space.  In  A visitor from  outer space,  science fiction 

stories by  Soviet  writers;  VioletL.  Dutt,  translator.  Moscow,  Foreign 
Languages  Publishing  House,  1961,  p.  110-148. 

Fiction.  Exploits the  hypothesis  of  an extraterrestrial i:.pacecraft explosion 
in  Tunga,  Siberia,  on  June  30,  1908.  While  many  sdentists believe that 
deva.station  of  a forest there over an area with a  r:dius of about  50  kilometers 
was  due  to explosion of  a bolide,  the  meteor was  ;.ut  recovered and  no  crater 
waE  discovered. 

Ley,  Willy.  The wheels of Poseidon; and Too much  imagination.  In  For your 
information:  on earth and in the sky.  New  York,  Doubleday & Co.,  1967. 
J!.  69-88,  157-168. 

A phenomenon is described that occurs in the Indian Ocean and that has teen 
described by several eyewitnesses:  a pulsating near-circular disturbance 
roughly I, 000-1, 500 feet  in diameter is seen with streaks of light like the 
beams of  a  searchlight radiating from  its center and  revolving counter-
clockwise.  Views are given su;>porting speculation that the  Podk.amennaya 
TUnguska meteorite of Central Siberia (1908)  was in fact an exploded extra-
terrestrial spacecraft. 

Plekanov,  G.  F.  and others.  0  vliiamii vzryva tungusskogo  meteorita na geomag11i-

tnoe (,>Ole.  ~The effect of the  Tunguska  meteorite explosion on  the  magnetic 
field J.  (d>ologiya i geofizika,  no.  6,  1961:  94-96. 

Analysis  of magnetograrns sh~ws that the fall of the  TUnguska  meteorite on 
June 30,  l908t  pr..>duccd  magnetic  effects similar to those that would be 
produced by a nuclear explosion.  English translation published December 1961 
by U.  S.  Joint  Publications Research Service,  its translation JPRS·  11R08. 

Report from tne Soviet Union:  Did the  Tungus  meteorite contain anti-matter?  F1yin~ 

saucers,  Dec.  1966:  29-30. 

Hypothesis to the effect  that the  Tungus  meteorite  ''explosion" on  the Siberian 
taiga in 1908 was  the  result of annihilation of  anti-matter has been  supported 
in article  Ly Soviet  Si)ecialists Konstantinov,  Brcdov.  Beliavsky,  and Sokolov, 
printed in the Cosmic  Research BuJletin. 

Sharp,  P.  F.  'The  search for  life beyond the  earth.  F1ying  saucer review,  v.  7, 

Nov. -Dec.  1961:  12-15. 

Arguments  are advanced on  the possibility of  life  existing throughout  the 
galaxy; ways  in which man can dttempt to  detect it positively are suggested. 
Mentions that the Tunguska  n et.'?oritc  of  1908  may have been an exploded 
extraterrestrial spacecraft. 

Tungusskoe divo  [Tunguska wonder].  Tekhnika  molodezhni,  no.  2,  1966:  10-13. 

Suinmary of opi:i.ions  expressed by  reputable  Russian scientists  regarding the 
Tunguska explosion:  a  map  shows the devasted area.  The  consensus is that 
the  exp.iosion was neither a  meteorite nor a  comet  but an unKnown  pher..amenon 
resembang a  nuclear blast. 

Zigel'.  Felix Yu. 

0€C.  1961:  24-2'!. 

lade.rnii  yzryv f Nuclear explosion over the  taiga]  .  Znaniye-sila, 

Evidence  is presented to  support author's view  that  the  cause of the  explosion 
in the  Tunguska taiga on  June  30,  1908,  could not  have  been a  meteorite,  not 
even  one  of  very great  mass. 

Zigel',  Felix Yu.  Manevr tungusskogo tE:~a [Maneuvering of the  Tunguska objed). 

Smena,  Feb.  1967:  30. 

Summary of a lecture delivered by the author before the Sternberg State 
Astronomical  !11.:~itute's Section on  Int .. rstellar Communications.  Author 
cites testimony of a number of witne'  > that shortly before the  Tunguska 
explosion,  the  object  made  a  90° turn,  corroborating his theory that the 
Tunguska body  was artificial. 

----- Pocherk tungsskogo vzryva  f Handwriting of the  Tunguska explosion]·  Smena, 

No.  IO,  May 1966:  22-25. 

In the article the author shows and compares three microbarograms:  one from 
a chemical explosion,  one from a nuclear explosion,  and that frcm ::be 
Tunguska explosion.  He  states that the  microbart>gram of the  Tunguska 
explosion is unlike that of the first two.  He  concludes that the  Tunguska 
explosion was  not  caused by  a  meteorite or by a  comet.  He  speculates whether 
the  Tunguska object  may  be an artificial or man-made  body,  anti-matter,  or a 
spaceship from  another planet. 

Selected  Fiction 

Angelucci,  Orfeo.  Son of the sun.  Los  Angeles,  DeVorss  &  Co.,  1959.  211  p. 

Ima.ginative account of experiences among  Alpha  Centaurians spiritually,  moral-
ly,  technologically z:iuperior to earthmen and  of trip into sun's interior on one 
of their spacecraft. 

Asimov,  Isaac.  The  naked sun.  New  York,  Doubleday & Co.,  1957.  187 p. 

Science-fiction detective mystery.  Earth has come under the domination of un-
derpopulated,  roboticized,  powerful  "Outer Worlds."  A member of  the New 
York City police force becomes the first earthman to set foot  on  ar.other planet 
when he  is invited to help solve a political murder. 

----- The  stars,  like dust.  Garden City,  New  York,  Doubleday  & Co.  i  1951.  218p. 

Science fiction  involving  a plot tc.>  overthrow the  race that has subjugated all 
planets in  50  galaxies,  including earth. 

----- Triangle.  Garden City,  New  York,  Doubleday  &  Co.,  1952.  516  p. 

TI1re~ science fiction stories:  The currents of  space;  Pebble in the  sky;  and 
The  stars.  All  concern the  machinations of  aggressive civiHzations bent on 
conquering the planets inhabited by  humans  in all the galaxies. 

Bott,  Henry A. 

Is there life on earth?  Fate,  v.  15,  Oct.  1962:  64-71. 

Fiction.  The  Martian  Academy  of Science presents arguments on  ''The Improb-
ability of Life  on  Earth." 

Burroughs,  Edgar Rice.  At  the  earth's core;  Pellucidar;  Tanar of  Pellucidar. 

New  York,  Dover  Publications,  1963.  433 p. 

Three science fiction novels based on the "hollow earth'. theory and describing 
an  inner world 500 miles beneath earth's crust--accessible through openings at 
the poles--where evolution of flora and fauna progressed somewhat differently 
than on earth's surface. 

Burroughs,  Erlgar  Rice.  Carson of  Venus.  New  York,  Canaveral  Press,  1963. 

312  p. 

Fiction.  Adventures of  an  American,  Carson Napier,  on  Venus as allegedly 
narrated telepathically to author.  In a  country called Korva,  Carson helps 
depose a  mad dictator. 
Tarzana,  Calif.,  in 1938. 

F'~ ~·st published by Edgar Rice  Burroughs,  Inc., 

----- Escape on Venus.  Tarzana,  Calif.,  Edgar Rice  Burroughs,  Jnc.,  1946. 

341  p. 

Ficti'>n.  Further adventures of Carson Napier of  California on Venus  during 
which  he  and his mate  are captured successively by  several subhuman tribes. 

----- The gods of Mars.  New  York,  Canaveral  Press,  1962.  348 p. 

Science-fantasy adventure.  Captain John Carter of  Virginia,  miraculo11sly tele-
ported to Mars,  finds  himself among peoples whose evolution passed by  degrees 
from true plant life to a  combination of plant and animal. 

----- John Carter and the  giant of  Mars.  New  York,  Canaveral  Press,  1964.  208p. 

In final  volume  of  Martian science-fantasy serie~,  John  CartH cf Virginia,  for-
mer Conff>clerate  offict>r,  successfully copes with the wicked  machinations  of  a 
synthetic  man.  In  Skeleton Men  of  Jupiter,  he foils the warlike  race on  that 
planet that  is bent  on  conquering  Mars and  enslaving its population. 

----- Llana of Gathol.  Tarzana,  Calif.,  Edgar Rice  Burroughs,  Inc.,  1948.  317  p. 

Four loosely intertwined science-fiction novelettes  about  Mars,  a dying planet 
on  which natural  resources have  almost vanished and  where air and water are 
barely sufficient to  meet the  requirements of the  population. 

----- The  master mind of  Mars.  New  York,  Grosset  & Dunlap,  1929.  312  p. 

Science fiction.  Capt.  Ulysses  P.uctou,  U.S.  Army,  finds  himself on  Mars in 
his astral body.  He  is forced tc serve :~  mad surgeon who  has learned to trans-
fer  successfully the brain of  one  individual  to the  brain pan of  another. 

----- Piratf.s of  V~ntts.  New  York,  Canaveral  Press,  1962.  314  p. 

Science-fantasy adventure.  Carson Napier,  son of  an  English  officer and  his 
American wife,  takes off  from  Guadalupe  Island,  Mexico,  for  Mars in a  rocket 
ship  he personally constructed.  Through  an error in calculation,  he  land<;  on 
Venus  instead. 

Burroughs,  Edgar Rice.  A prir.cesJ of Mars.  New  York,  Dover  Publications,  1964. 

356 p. 

Science-fantasy adventure in which John Carter of  Virginia,  former Conferi~rate 
officer,  is miraculously_ tra.usported to the planet Barsoom {Mars)  and through 
a  series of daring  military exploits becomes a prince of  the  leading city and 
marries its princess. 

----- Synthetic  men of Mars.  Tarzana,  Calif.,  Edgar Rice  Burroughs,  In~., 1940. 

315 p. 

A brillian~ wt mad Martian surgeon attempts to create artificial life.  He  suc-
ceeds,  hut produces only  monsters,  who  revolt and attempt to take over the  en-
tire planet.  John Carte.r of Virginia,  who  has been teleported to Mars,  sees to 
it that  "good" triumphs. 

----- Tales of th'l'.'f:-<!  pla11ets.  New  York,  Canaveral  Press,  1964.  282  p. 

Three science-fantasy adventure  novelettes.  Beyond the  Farthest Star relates 
the  adventures of  Tangor,  an American shot down  behind the German li:1"s  in 
1939,  who awakens to find himself on the planet  Poloda.  A man f:-om  50,000 
B.C.  is restored to life from  a frozen condition and searches for his lost sweet-
heart in The  Resurrection of  Jimber-Jaw.  The Wizard of  Venus  relates the ad-
ventures of Carson Napier who landed on that planet accidentally whil~ enroute 
to Mars from the U.S.  and outwits  a  svrcerer who  allegedly turns '/enusians 
into cattle. 

----- Three Martian novels.  New  York,  Dover  Publications,  1962.  499  p. 

Science-fantasy adventure.  John  Carter,  a  Confederate  officer mustered out  of 
service at the  close of the  Civil War,  is  miraculously tele-transported to the 
planet Mars where he  encounters strange  races of  men  and beasts,  weird na-
tions and weirdeJ· peoples. 

Campbell,  John W.  The  mightiest  rnachine.  Providence,  R.  I.,  Hadley  Publishing 

Co.,  1935.  228  p. 

Mighty  spaceships move  at  speeds faster th:m light from  star system to star 
system,  warping themselves through another dimension at  the whim of  Aarn 
Munro,  a  mental  and physical  superman,  descendant  of  earthmen raised on 
the  surface of  the planet Jupiter. 

Chipman,  DeWitt  C.  Beyond the verge:  home  of  the ten lost tribes of IErae 1.  Part I. 

In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-6.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer 
Publications,  1962.  p.  993-1134. 

Fiction.  Taking with them  the  Ark  c,f  the  covenant,  the  Ten  Tribes of  Israel 
enter the North  Pole entrance to earth's inner world to await the  time  "when 
the  Lord calls them all  back to Jerusalem." 

Chipman,  Dewitt c.  Beyond the verge:  home  of  the ten lost tribes of  Israel.  Part rr. 

In  Palmer,  Ray,  ed.  The hidden world,  No.  A-7.  Amherst,  Wis.,  Palmer 
Publications,  1962.  p.  1154-1213. 

Fiction.  Earth's inner world is described as the  Ten Lost Tribes of  Israel 
make  it their home  "until God calls them  back to Jeruslem in fulfillment  cf all 
his prophesies. " 

Clarke,  Arthur C.  Childhood's end.  New  York,  Harcourt,  Brace & World,  Inc. 

1953.  216  p. 

Fiction.  Omnipotent creaturPs from  out of space stop all wars on  earth and 
get mankind to behave.  Mankind unifies  into a  single intelligence and ascends 
the  next step of  the ladder of  evolution. 

----- Prelude to Mars.  New  York,  Harcourt,  Brace & World,  Inc.,  1965.  497 p. 

Two  complete fiction novels.  Prelude to Space  relates preparation for the first 
trip to the  moon.  Sands of  Mars concerns a  science-fiction writer's trip to 
Mars and his efforts to win the confidence  of  the pioneers (from  earth) there. 

----- The sands of  Mari;.  New  York,  Gnome  Press,  1952.  216  p. 

A science fiction  journalist visits Mars and attempts to win the confidence  of the 
colonists  (from  earth) there in  order to acquire  material for a  novel. 

Conlrlin,  Groff,  ed.  Invaders of  earth.  New  York,  Vanguard Press,  Inc.,  1952. 

333p. 

-

Science fiction anthology.  Antareans planning to colonize earth's oceans con-
duct  experiment in artifical ecological  imbalance in  This Star Shall  be  Free, 
by  Murray Leinster.  An  extraterrestrial visitor to earth disguises his identity 
in  Robert M.  Williams'  Castaway.  A parasitical,  intelligent virus from  another 
galaxy  ::weks  human bodies to  inhabit  and control in Impulse,  by  Eric  F.  Russell. 
In  AllanLang's  An  Eel  by  the  Tail,  a polymorphous, -extra-galactic being  mate-
rializes in a  high  school physks class.  A Date  to  fiemember,  by  William  F. 
Temple,  hypothesizes that wise extraterrestrials are leading earthmen forward 
subtly  and  almost imperceptably to an improved future.  A gaseous  extrater-
restrial space animal functioning like  a  storm front  attempts to tak~ over earth 
in  Storm Warning,  by  Donald Wollheim. 
Void,  immaterial aliens from  another space-time continuum  who can produce 
mate:rial phenomena,  plan to coloni7e  earth.  A visiting extraterrestrial with 
no  desire to be  on  earth,  but  in  desperate  need  uf  a part for his spacecraft that 
is not  man~actured here,  finds  a  solution to  his problem in  Tiny  and the  Mons-
ter,  by  Theodore Sturgeon.  Theme  of  The  Discord Makers,  by  Mack  Reynolds, 
is that  extraterrestrials on  the verge of  taking  over earth have  already infiltrat-
ei.l  key positions  in  governments  ru1d  communications and education systems. 
An  invader comes to earth for the  sole purpose of  being  listened to  and  admired 
in  Milton  Lesser's  Pen  Pal.  Saurian visitants are in trouble and land their 
spacecraft on  earth near a whaling vessel peacefully pursuing its  maritime af·· 
fairs;  the spacecraft is fleeing another alien--a true :nonster that  is a  threat to 
both  human  and  saurian in  Not  only  Dead  Men,  by  A. E.  Van  Vogt.  Enemies in 
Space,  by Karl Grunert,  is the  tale of  a planned  invasion of  earth that  is affect-
ed  by  political  conflict  among  the  invaders.  Invasion from  Mars:  radio script 

In  Margaret St.  Clair's A Child  of 

version of H.  G.  Wells' novel,  The War of the Worlds,  adapted by  Howard 
Koch and presented by Orson Welles on  Mercury Theater c.f  the  Air over CBS 
on Oct.  30,  1938.  A form  of  life  resembling radio waves and dependent on 
the  movement of  the ether,  invades  earth in  The Waveries,  by  Frederic Brown. 
Extraterrestrials hoping to  meet earthmen as equals and colleagues conclude 
that earth's life class is too primitive and full  of hostilities and aggressions 
for  contact to be feasible in Edward Grendon's  Crisi:;.  Creatures from a 
highly-advanced planet are eager to help promote advancement  of  earth's 
civilization in  Angel's  Egg,  by  Edgar Pangborn.  In William Tenn's Will You 
Walk a  Little  Faster?  an alien civilizaUon assigned to inhabit earth after 
humanity extinguishes  itself makes a  proposition designed to expedite  matters. 
A polymorphous creature from  Mercury that devours  metal invades first the 
earth and then the moon  in Henry Norton's  The  Man  in the  Moon. 
Don't  Lie,  by Katherine McLean,  submicroscopic aliens evolved on  a  high-
gravity planet with thin atmosphere that  is situated near a  blue-white  star, 
can only see objects in the ultra-violet range.  The  Greatest Tertian  is Anthony 
Boucher's burlesque on the  scholarly efforts of  a  posthuman race to understand 
earth's vanished civilization. 

In  Pictures 

Craigie,  Dorothy.  The  voyage  of the  Luna I,  by David Craigie [ pseudJ  London, 

Eyre  & epottiswoode,  1948.  272  p. 

Science fiction.  Twin teenagers  -- stowaways  onarocketlaunched to the  moon--
explore the lurain.  They encounter half-bat~  half-fish creatures and uncover 
evidence there was once human life on  the  moon  with technological  capability. 

Cyrano de  Bergerac,  Savinien.  Other worlds.  London,  New  York,  Toronto, 

Oxford University  Press,  1965.  232  p. 

Author is the hero of  two  vayages  in space,  first to the  moon and then to  the 
sun.  Original  French edition with title Histoire Comique published in 1950. 

De  Camp,  L.  Sprague.  Divide and rule.  Reading,  Pa.  Fantasy Press,  1948. 

231  p. 

Rodent-like oviparous  invaders from  outer space conquer  earth and maintain 
their supremacy by keeping  men ignorant  and  split into small,  quarreling, 
feudal  states. 

Der Jeth,  August W.,  ed.  Beachheads in space.  New  York,  Pellegrini &  Cudahy, 

1952.  320  p. 

-

Science fiction anthology on  theme of interplanetary exploration.  In  The  Star, 
by David Keller,  citizens of  a  nearby star receive  information that earth is 
planning an invasion and find  a  means to save their nation.  Earth is under 
surveillance from a  vantage point on  the  moon  in  Jack Williamson's  The Man 
from  Outside. 
In Beachhead,  by Clifford Sim:Jc,  an intergalactic  scientific 
mission discovers  that  although they were protected against the  obvious  and 
imaginabl~,  taey Wl'rP  defenseless against the unknowable  and unimaginable. 
The  Years  Draw  Nigh  by  Lester del  Rey,  depicts  a  dying  cosmos.  A vast 

interlocking system of  interplanetary systems is described by  Eric  F.  Russell 
in  Metamorphosite.  L.  Sprague  de  Camp  in The  Ordeal of  Profesaol'.' Klein 
and A.  E.  Van  Vogt  in Repetition ironically postulate that interplanetary worlds 
might  duplicate tne pattern of human civilization. 
Isaac  Asimov  suggests that extraterrestrial beings whose life  span might be 
thousands of  years are studying the life cycle  of  Homo  sapiens as they  might 
bacteria in a  test tube.  Invasion by  extraterrestrials in various physical forms, 
from  multi-dimensional worlds,  with differing motives  is foreseen in John B. 
Harris' Meteor;  John Wyndham's  And  the Walls  Came Tumbling Down;  and 
and  Donald Wandrei's The  Blinding Shadows. 

In Breeds There a  Man, 

----- The  other side of  the moon.  New  York,  Pellegrini & Cudahy,  1949.  461  p. 

Science fiction antholcgy.  The  effect that outer stars have  on  earth is theme 
of  The  Star,  by  H.  G.  Wells.  The  Thing  on Outer Shoal,  by  P.  Schuyler Miller, 
is a tale of  animal  mutations.  A sorcerer from  another planet  -- exploring the 
myl:lteries of time,  space,  and other dimensions  -- comes to earth in  Frank B. 
Long's  The World of Wulkins.  Mysterious  monoliths form the gateway between 
three-dime1~sional earth and a  civilization on  a higher plane of  vibration  --
The  City of  the  Singing  Flame,  by Clark A.  Smith.  A cosmic entity attempts 
to make  the  adjustment between ethereal life and planet life  in  H.  P.  Lovecraft's 
Beyond the Wall  of  Sleep.  An  extraterrestrial creature is encountered by a 
bum  in  The  Devil  of  East  Lupton,  by  Murray Leinster.  Existence on  earth 
today of  a  race of  mutants  representing the  next  step in  man's evolution beyond 
Homo  sapiens is postulated in Nelson Bond's  Conqueror's Isle.  Attempted in-
vasion of  earth by plant-animal-mineral creatures from  another world is the 
theme  of  Something from  Above,  by  Donald Wandrei.  An invading force  is 
killed off by  an organism living  in a  symbiotic  relationship with the  planet's 
native population in Will  F.  Jenkins' Symbiosis.  As  part of an invasion scheme, 
an android is sent to earth from  Mars in  The  Vault  of the  Beast,  by  A.  E.  Van 
Vogt.  The  Earth Men,  by  Ray  Bradbury,  speculates that  Martians are so 
much like earthlings that they have  completely satisfied themseh°PS  th;)r,e  is 
I:'..>  life  on any  sister planet and  have  evolved a  comprehensive plan for aealing 
w;th  ctll  self-styled visitors from  other p!anets.  Spiro,  by  Eric  F.  Russell, 
c0nr:erns a  spy by that name from  Mars wi10  is able  to assume any plant, 
animal,  or mineral form at will. 
In  Resurrection,  by  A.  E.  Van  Vogt,  in-
vaders from  another galaxy seeking to colonize earth,  find  no  surviving life 
on  the planet and are destroyed by a human they  revive  in attempt to discover 
nature of  catastrophe that  had occurred. 

Dikty,  T.  E.,  ed.  Great  science fiction stories about  Mars.  New  York,  Frederick 

Fell,  Inc.-;-1966.  187 p. 

Science fiction  based on hypothesis that life  exists on  Mars.  Development 
of  an  extra brain lobe  enables Martians to manipulate  matter in  The  Sound 
of  Bugles,  by  Robert  M.  Williams.  Invaders from  Mars are  robbing  earth 
of  its atmosphere for use on  their own  planet  in  Nonstop  to Mars,  by  Jack 
Williamson.  The  First Martians,  by  A.  E.  Van  Vogt  is based on  the  adapt-
ability of  Indians from  the  Andes  Mountains  to the  Martian environment. 
Martian animal  life  is  reported as an  admixture of  mamilian and insect attri-
butes in Via  Etherlin by  Eando Binder.  Interstellar expedition  in  Tin  Lizzie, 

by Randall Garrett,  discovers that a  microscopic life form,  akin to bacteria 
and thriving on  hydrocarbon compounds,  was  responsible for  converting 
Mars' atmosphere to N203 and its seas to nitric acid,  thereby making the 
planet uninhabitable for carbon-based life forms.  Scientific expedition to 
is assaulted by a  semi-intelligent form  of life  resembling  prairie tumble-
weed in, Under the Sand Seas,  by Oliver E.  Saari.  Key  to the language of 
vanished Martian civilization is discovered in Omnilingua],  by H.  Beam 
Piper. 

Drake,  W.  Raymond. 

[ 196-]  272 p. 

I come from tomorrow.  Sunderland,  England,  The  Author, 

Typescript.  Fiction.  Tallus,  a young  priee!-scientist from the year 4168  A. D., 
travels back through time to the  year 1980 A. D.  He  makes an intensive study 
of the philosophy and way of  life of the twentieth century to try to discover why 
this civilization deserved destruction.  Late in  1980,  earth was to be struck 
by a  comet:  the Soviet Union,  the United States,  and  China would be  engulfed; 
Atlantis would  arise; the  earth's axis would be displaced;  Great Britain would 
become an archipelago in the tropics. 

----- Miss  Venus.  Sunderland,  England,  The  Author,  [ 196-]  69 p. 

Typescript.  Three-act comedy.  An  exhilarating blonde from  Venus lands on 
earth to help the women of Great Britain persuade the government to outlaw 
the hydrogen bomb. 

----- The  stolen bride.  Sunderland,  England,  The  Author,  [196- ]  5 p. 

Typescript of a  love poem.  A flying  saucer is the  vehicle used by a  lover 
killed in an accident to rescue his beloved from a loveless marriage. 

French,  Paul.  Da\•id Starr,  Space ranger.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co., 

1952.  186 p. 

Scien.~e fiction.  Organisms on  Mars as intelligent as men attempt to gain 
control  of earth through a unique form of  bacteriological warfare. 

----- Lucky Starr and the  big  sun  of  Mercury.  Garden  City,  Doubleday  &  Co., 

N.  Y.,  1956.  191  p. 

Science fiction.  A projed based on  Mercury to intercept sunlight,  push it 
through hyperspace,  and distribute it evenly over earth so that earth's se&.-
sons  could be  rearranged at will  is sabotaged by a  raiding party from  another 
galaxy. 

----- Lucky Starr and the oceans of  Venus.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  & 

Co.,  1954.  186  p. 

Science fiction.  Creatures possessing power !>f  complete mental domination 
over others exert this power under control of invaders from Sirius in effort 
to  subjugate planets of earth's solar system. 

----- Lucky Starr and the  rings of Saturn.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday &  Co., 

1958.  179 p. 

Science fiction and  interstellar political intrigue.  Invaders from Sirius ::tttempt 
take-over of  inhabited planets in earth's sol ... r  system. 

Garver,  Ronald G.  The  saucer people.  Boston,  Meador Publishing Co.,  1957. 

132 p. 

Fiction.  Extraterrestrial beings impart supernatural powers to an earthman 
on condition that he use them to advance  mankind but not  to destroy it. 

Garvin,  Richard M.  and Edmond  Addeo.  The  FORTEC  conspiracy.  Los Angeles, 

Sherbourne Press,  1968.  181  p. 

UFO  "thriller" based on  "clasic" UFO  sighting cases. 

Gibson,  Edmund  H.  A. D.  2018:  recollections of the  chaplain of a  space ship. 

New  York,  Greenwich Book  Publishers,  1958.  62  p. 

Fiction.  A trip to Venus  is the  means through which the  crew  gains knowledge 
of intelligent life throughout the universa and of cosmic Christianity. 

Guttridge,  Len.  The biggest news  in the world.  Flying saucers from another 

world,  June  1957:  70-75. 

Fiction.  Invasion by  UFOs ·an~ benevolent crew. 

Harris,  John  B.  The Midwich cuckoos,  by John Wyndham  [pseud.]  New  York, 

Ballantine Books,  1957.  247  p. 

Fiction.  A flying  saucer lands on the British town  of Midwich and twenty-
four  hours are blotted from the  memories of  everyone in  the community. 
As of  the following  day,  every woman  in town turns out  to  be pregnant. 
When  the  children are born,  they are distinguished by  great golden eyes. 
By the time they are nine  they have developed a community mind and a 
community will,  special powers which they admit will untimately doom 
mankind.  They are destroyed through ther trust in the man who  educated 
them. 

Harris,  John  B.  Out  of  the deeps,  by  John Wyndham  pseud.  New  York, 

Ballantine Books,  1953.  182  p. 

Fiction.  Chronicles  in detail the attempts of  an alien race who  have  settled 
in earth's ocean depths to  destroy mankind. 

Heinlein,  Robert A.  The  menace from  earth.  London,  Dobson,  Books  Ltd., 

1959.  255  p. 

Science fiction  8tories.  Flying saucer landings  in  The  Year  of  the Jackpot 
harbinger worldwide  catastrophes and ultimately the  end of the world. 
In 
By  His Bootstraps, a  ,~~n r.omes  back from the future to meet himself,  fights 
himself,  while himself stands by  and watches;  a  man from  30,000  years hence 
is sent back to obtdn certain itmes for a  resident of  the future  who  also 
turns out to be him sell. 

----- The puppet  masters.  Garden City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co.,  1951.  219 p. 

Fiction.  Each  member of  a  race of  slugs from  out  of  soace  · akes complete 
physical and mental control  of  a human being. 

Hoyle,  Fred and Jot.;1  Elliot.  A for andromeda.  New  York,  Harper  & Dros., 

1962.  206 p. 

Fiction.  Radio  signals are received containing assembly instructions for a 
human being.  They were transmitted from  a  now  dead world in our nearest 
neighboring galaxy,  the  Andromeda  nebula,  two  million light years distant. 

Jenkins,  William  F.  Sidewise  in  Time,  by  Murray  Leinster  [ pseud] .  Chicago, 

Shasta Publishers,  19[;0.  211  p. 

Collection of  fiction sto·;-ies.  Sidewise in time  suggests  that the past,  future 
and present travel not in  a  straight line,  but  like a  curving  river;  not  only 
are events of the actual past,  present,  and future blended,  but  also time 
tracks that never h4ppened.  Pcoxima Centauri  is the tale of  an  interstellar 
spaceship that  is a  world in  itself as well  as  one  presentini; a  civilization of 
carnivorous plants.  A Logic  Named Joe  deals with  the  time when a  device 
would be  present in  every home,  linked in with a  cf:'ntral univac-type  "tank," 
which would contain all  man's knowledge  and would  dispensr information to 
subscribers.  De  Profundis  relates the inability of  intelligent life inhabiting 
the  ocean depths  to  comprehend that  intelligent life  can exist on earth's sur-
In The  Fourth Dimensional Demonstrator,  a  machine  is built which, 
face. 
by  moving  back in  time,  will  bring into being a  replica of  an object placed 
upon  it.  The  Power is the  story of the  member of  an  extraterrestrial  race, 
stranded on  earth,  who  wishes to  impart his wisdom to  mankind but  is  in-
stead killed because  of their incomprehension. 

Kazantsev,  Alexander.  A visitor from  outer space.  In  A Visitor  from  outer 

space,  science fiction  stories by Soviet writers;  Violet  L.  Dutt,  translator. 
Moscow,  Foreign Languages  Publishing House,  lr.61.  p.  110-148. 

Fiction.  Exploits the hypothesis of an  extraterrestrial Eapcecraft explosion 
in  Tunga,  Siberia,  on  June  30,  1908.  While  many  scientists believe that 
devastation of  a  forest there over an area with a  radius of  about  50  kilometers 
was  due to explosion of  a boHde,  th€"  meteor was not  recovered and no  crater 
was discovered. 

Kim-Nicklasson,  Lars.  Erotikvisslarna.  Vanersborg,  Vanerforlagec,  1967. 

123 o. 

.. 

Fictional  account of  the landing  of  a  spaceship carrying space creatures whose 
primary c•Jncern seems to be  with sex and who  proceed to  investigate the 
sexual habits of  huma11s.  T!•e  sexual  habits  of both are described in  detail. 
Based in part on the  experiences of  a  Brazilian farmer,  Antonio  Villas Boas, 
and the  Americans,  Barney <tnd  Betty Hill,  as reported in James G.  Fulle!''s 
The  Interrupted Journey:  1\vo Lost  Hours  '·Aboard a  Flyilig Saucer" (New 
York,  Dial  Press,  1966). 

Knight,  Damon.  Three novels.  Garden  City,  N.  Y.,  Doubleday  &  Co.,  1967. 

189  p. 

Three stories dealing with  invasion of earth by  alien beings:  Rule Goldef!, 
Natural State,  and  The  Dying  Man. 

Lewis,  Clive  S.  Out of the  silent planet.  London,  John  Lane,  1938.  182  p. 

Fiction.  Hero is accidentally involved in a  trip to Malacandra  (Mars) and 
learns that the univtrse  -- except for  earth  -- exists in harmony and peace, 
having  a  common language  and a  common interplanetary religion and 
government. 

----- Perelandra.  London,  John  Lane,  1943.  256  p. 

Fiction.  Temptation comes to  an unfallen world,  Perelandra  (the  planet Venus), 
through a  demon-possessed visitor from  earth;  through the good  offices  of 
another visitor from  earth,  however,  it  remains unfallen. 

----- That hid€'c:..us  strength.  London,  John  Lane,  1945.  474  p. 

Fiction.  Earth is the  scene of  a  cosmic  struggle between the  dominant forces 
of  darkness and  the  struggling forces  of  good. 

Lindsay,  David.  A voyagi?  to  Arcturus.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1963.  244  p. 

Interplanetary fiction.  Main character journeys via spaceship to  a planet 
circling around the  star Arcturus.  He  has a  series of  adventures,  usually 
involving  spiritual  temptation and  most often culminating in  murder.  God 
is  representEd as a  vulgar.  selfish being  who  creates life  for  the  sensual 
pleasure  it  gives  Him,  and  by His act  inflicts untold  misery on  spirit thus 
imprisoned in  flesh. 

3otf 

Lovenaft,  Howard  P.  The call of Cthulhu. 

In his  The Dunwich  horror and others. 

Sauk City,  Wis.,  Arkham  Hruse,  19133.  p.T3Q-159. 

Tale of a  cult that worships the  '"Grut Old ones" who li•1ed ages tefore there 
were any  men,  who  "came to the young world out  of the sky," and who are now 
inside the Parth and under the sea.  The  mode  of  speech of these beings is 
transmitted thought  and they  ''spt'ak to tile sensitive among mankind by  mold-
ing their dreams.•· 

----- The colour out of space.  In  his  The Dunwich  Horror and others.  Sauk 

City,  Wis.,  Arkham House,  1963.  p.  6~-as. 

An amorphous ~lobule of  color from another world or plane of  e~istence sub-
sists or.  t~rrestrial life forms. 

----- The Dunwich liorror. 

In his  The Dunwich  horror and others.  Sauk City, 

Wis.,  A.Pkham  lfouse,  1963.  p.  160-202. 

A ,. !·.o~ture r·artly  r,~sembling man but from another plane of  existence plans 
extii"!lation  of entire human race and all animal and vegetable life from  earth 
to a  dimension outside the  material universe. 

----- The  ~hadow out of  time. 

i.n  his The Dunwich horror and others.  Sauk City, 

Wis.,  Arkham House,  1963: P:-370-431. 

Fantasy based Oil the premise that  mankind is only one  - - perhaps the  least  - -
of the  highly evolved and dominant  raceB of this planet's long and largely 
unknown career. 

----- The whisperer in darkness.  In his  The Dunwich horror and others.  Sauk 

City,  Wis.,  Arkham House,  196~. 212-277. 

Tale of  "outer space bf>ings"  more vegetable than animal  that traverse inter-
stPllar space in  corporeal form  t0 obtain  metals from  mines on  earth and 
the!1  transport them to the.:1  own  worlds. 

Macvey,  John W.  Journey to  ftJpha  Centauri.  New  York,  Macmillan.  1965. 

256  p. 

Speculative consideration of interstellar travel,  its p;·ospects,  and implications. 
Study  -- in  series of  extracts from diaries  -- 01  huma1:.  moral.  anci  sodo-
logi-::al  problems that could confront first  stellar astro11auts  on  215-year ex-
peditbn to  Alpha Centauri during  the  seven generations the  trip would take. 

Newman,  Bernard.  The flying  saucer.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1950.  250  p. 

----- The Dunwich  horor. 

In  his  Tlte  Dunwich horror and others.  Sauk City, 

Wis.,  Arkham  House,  l'J~p. 166-202. 

A creature partly resembling  man but from another plane of  existence 
plans  extirpation of  entire human race and all animal and vegetable life 
from  earth to  a dimension outsiJe the material universe. 

----- The shadow  wt of time. 

In his The Dunwich horror and others.  SalJk City, 

Wis.,  Arkham House,  1963,  p,  370-431. 

Fantasy based on  the premise that  mankind is only  one -- perhaps the 
least -- of the highly  evolved and dominant races of this planet's long 
and largely unknown  career. 

----- The whisperer in darkness.  In  his  The Dunwich horror and othe:rs. 

Sauk City,  Wis.,  Arkham House,  1963.  p.  212-277. 

Tale of  "outer  space beings'' more vegetable than animal that traverse 
interstellar space in corporeal form to obtain metals from  mines  on 
earth and then transport them to their own worids, 

Macvey,  John W.  J'lurncy to Alpha Centauri.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1965. 

256  p. 

Speculative consideration of  interstellar travel,  its prospects,  and 
implications.  Study  -- in series of extracts from diaries -- of  human, 
moral,  and sociological problems that  could confroni  1'rst stellar astronauts 
on  215-year  expedition to Alpha Centauri during the sev.,11 generations the 
trip would take. 

Newman,  Bernard.  The flying  saucer.  New  York,  Macmillan,  1950,  250 p. 

Fictitious account of  effectiveness of a  hoax  in uniting nations of the world 
against threat of invasion by  Martians. 

Russell,  Eric F.  Sinister barrier.  Reading,  Pa.,  Fantasy  Press,  1948. 

253  p. 

Fiction.  Humans  come to the realization that the planet earth is "owned" 
by  alien globes  oC  light called Vitons who  "breed" us  like cattle and 
influence our  history for their  own  purposes. 

Santesson,  Hans  S,,  ed.  Flying  saucers in fact  and fiction.  New  York,  Lancer 

Books,  1968.  224  p. 

Anthology of  science fit:tlon  stories in which  the  central themes revolve 
around "flying saucers" and imaginative solutions to the  mystery.  Two 
non-fiction essays,  one pro-UFO by  Ivan T.  Sanrt~rson,  and  one anti-
UFO  by  Lester Del Rey,  are included.  Other  outstanding science 
fiction writers such as Robert Bloch,  Judith  Merril,  Theodore Sturgeon, 
John Stephens,  Miriam Allen C:e  Ford,  Bertram Chandler,  Edward D.  Hoch, 
Aicbn van Alm,  John Nicholson,  and Richard Wilson are represented. 

Short,  Gertrude,  A visitor from Venus.  New  York,  William-Frederick  Press, 

1949.  43  p. 

Fiction.  A woman from Venus indicates the  possibility of world peace 
based on organized action by women everywhere. 

Smith,  Edward E.  The first lens man.  Reading,  Pa.,  Fantasy  Press,  1950. 

306  p. 

Fiction.  The lensman are a  group of  men and women from  many  worlds, 
trained to mental and  physical attainment so high as to mark them 
as beginning of  a  superior race.  Ultimately,  through selective mating, 
they will achieve a point of  development where they  can become guardians of 
the galaxy.  The lens itself is a  communication device worn on the wrist of a 
lensman; if worn by  anyone but its owner it ~roves deadly. 

----- Galactic patrol.  Reading,  Pa.,  Fantasy  Press,  1950.  273  p. 

Fiction.  The Galactic  Patrol is an interstellar police force organized 
to  combat the piracy and lawlessness threatening the structure of  galactic 
civilization.  Behind the scenes are prime  movers.  The  Arisians,  whose spores, 
projected through the galaxy,  caused life to form in their image on  many 
worlds,  manipulate  events for  good.  The Eddorians,  creatures from  another 
space continuum,  in their lust for  power are the  cause of  most ills. 

Van Vogt,  Alfred  E.  Slan.  New  York,  Simon and Schuster,  1951.  247  p. 

Fiction.  Slan is the story CJf  a  nine-year-old boy  who  is a  member of 
a  superhuman race.  His  people  possess both  mental and  physical 
superiority,  being capable of  reading  minds through the aid of 
antenna-like tendrils in their hair; two hearts invest them with  extra-
ordinary stamina.  His  parents killed,  the boy  fights  to survive in a 
society where organized hunts are conducted against  slans by the humans 
and where tendrilless slans -- born without the ability to  read minds  --
are even  more dangerous  enemies. 

----- The  voyage of the space beagle.  New  York,  Simon and Schuster,  1950, 

240 i;. 

Interplanetary fiction.  During colonization of a  galactic-wide system, 
interstellar scientific expedition eni:ounters creatures wh:-<Je  drives 
and needs are based on  nonhuman  metabolism and who  have  abil!ty  to 
control energy fields and the minds of  humans.  New  science of neYJalism, 
providing techniques for  speetting up  processes of absorbing knowledge and of 
using effectively what has been learned,  is applied to same hurru4ns  in the 
expedition from  annihilation. 

The world of  A.  New  York,  Simon and Schuster,  1948.  246  p. 

Fiction.  The protagonist,  a  mutant with a double  mind,  doesn't know  who 
he  is and tries to find out.  Selected as one  of the most advanced 
intellects on  earth,  he goes to Venus for  special training and is told the 
secret oi immortality. 

Vasse,  Cornelie (Wouters) [baronne de],  Le  char volant ou voyage dans la lune. 

Paris,  Veuve  Ballard &  F'ils,  1783.  203  p. 

Fictitious account of  trip by  philosopher  Erastus to the moon,  the sun,  and 
other planets,  with descriptions of  their  climates,  customs,  and 
inhabitants. 

Verne,  Jules.  A journey to  the  center of  the earth.  London,  New  York,  G. 

Routledge,  188'1.  254  p. 

Fiction.  Finding instructions on a  piece of parchment for rear·  1g  the 
center  of  the earth through  an  Icelandic volcano,  Professor . 
.1igg of 
Hamburg goes  on  the journey,  taking along his nephewi  Henry  Lawson, 
and  an  Icelander  names Hans  Bjelke. 

Wells,  Herbert George.  The first  men on  the  moon.  Langdon,  G,  Newnes,  Ltd., 

1901.  342  p. 

Fictitious account  of  discovery  of  substance opaque to gravity and its use in 
constructing spacecraft which lands first  men  on the  moon.  Voyage, 
landing,  and  exploration of  moon described in detail;  human  society 
criticized through  depiction of  a  non-human culture. 

Wilhelm,  Ka-t.e,  The killer thing.  Garden City,  New  York,  1967,  190  p. 

Fiction.  A malfunctioning robot programed to kill with  the laser becomes 
a threat to  the galaxy. 


=====================================================
MIRAGES 

The first four  references are among the most useful standard texts on  physical 
meteorology.  All contain adequately detailed treatment of the general theory of 
mirages. 

Fleagle,  Robert G.  and Joost A.  Businger.  An  introduction to  atmospheric 

physics.  New  York,  Academic  Press,  1963,  pp.  272-302. 

~umphreys, W.J.  Physics of the air.  New  York,  McGraw-Hill  Book  Co., 

3rd edition,  1940,  pp.  455-475. 

Johnson,  John C.  Physical meteorology.  New  York,  The Technology  Press of 

M.I. T.  and John Wiley & Sons,  1954,  pp.  1-30. 

Tverskoi,  P.N.  Physics of  the atmosphere.  Jerusalem,  Israel Program for 

Scientific Translations,  1965,  pp.  457-478. 

Durst,  C. S.  and G. A.  Bull.  A!l  unusual  refraction phenomenon  seen from  a  high-

flying aircraft.  Meteorological Magazine,  London,  85  (1010),  August  1956: 
237-242. 

Discusses the  rarely seen mirage caused by  refraction ol  light through an 
elevated layer of  warm  air.  The optical effects  of  such  layers have often been 
invoked to  explain  UFO  sightings.  This article clarifies the severe restrictions 
on  elevation angle at which  such  mirages are possible. 

Fleagle,  Robert  G.  The optical measnreme11t  of  lapse  rate.  B.llletin of the 

American Meteorological Society,  31(2),  February 1950:  51- 55, 

The author develops a  method to  measure the  change of temperature with 
height by  optically measurL1g the apparent change  in  elevation of a  light source. 
Nomograms are provided which  show the  difference between ?.pparent and true 
elevations as a  function of lapse  rate and length of optical path. 

Gordon,  J. H.  Mirages.  Washington,  D. C.,  Smithsonian Institution Publication 

4398,  1959,  published 1960. 

A non-technical article that describes mirage formation as dependmg on a  lens 
of air similar in  function  to lenses in  cameras. 

Haug,  Odd.  On  the theory  of superior mirages.  Meteorologiske Annaler,  Oslo, 

3(12),  1953:  295-310. 

A full discussion of light passing through  a  strong inversion. 

ten Kate,  H.  Luchtspiegelii.gen.  Hemel en  Dampkring,  49(5),  1951:  91-94. 

Clear explanations,  with  good illustrations, of the th-eory  of mirages. 

Kohl,  G.  ErkUlrung einer luftspiegelung nach  oben aus radiosondierungen. 

Zeitschrift fur Meteo,·ologie,  6(11),  November  1952:  344-348. 

A mirage in  Fichtelgebirge is explained quantitatively from  radiosonde data. 

Minnaert,  M.  Light and colour in  the open air.  New  York,  Dover Publication, 

1954. 

A superb example of non-technical  exposition covering not  only  mirages but 
also nearly  every other aspect of visual and  optical phenomena in the sky and 
the  landscape,  from  rainbows to the spoke-patterns in  bicycle wheels. 

Ozorai,  7.oltan.  Legkroi  tUkrozgd~sek nullamgeluteken (Mirages on  wave surfaces) 

IdS°jar:l:s,  58(3),  May-June  1954:  g3-153. 

Classical mirage theory on!y  handles the  formation  of three images.  The 
author proposes to  handle  more than  three images by  considering reflections 
from  wave  surfaces on  inversions. 

Pernter,  J.M.  and  F. M.  Exner.  Meteorologische optik.  Leipzig and  Vienna, 

Wilhelm  Braumuller,  2nd  edition,  1922,  pp.  57-238. 

The  classical work on  meteorological opti  -
developed in great cletail and a  number of  striking cases are carefully examined. 

The theory of  mirages is 

Raman,  Sir C. V.  The optics of mirages.  Current science,  Bang-.ilore,  29(8), 

August  1959:  309-313. 

The author explains the  basic  cori~epts of inferior and superior mirages. 

Wood,  Robert W.  Physical optics.  New  York,  Dover Publications,  3rd edition, 

1961,  p;.:i.  64-98. 

A classical work in  the  field.  Wood,  a  gifted experimentalist,  produced 
mirages in the  laboratory by  heating sand-covered iron plates.  His  careful 
measurements are witness to  the essential validity of present-day mirage 
theory. 

Menkello,  Frederick.  Quantitative aspects of  mirages.  ETAC  Report 6112, 

Environmental Technical Ap1;lications  Center,  Military Air Command, 
USAF._  Washington,  D. C.  ,  March  1969.  15  p. 

Even under  unusual meteorological conditions,  mirages only  take place at 
angles very near the  horizon.  This report presents graphs and nomograms  for 
determining the angles under which mirages can  be  seen.  Drawings and graphs 
are given to scale. 

=====================================================
ADDENDA 

U.S.  Air  Force officers'  briefing on  UFOs.  Proceedings.  Boulder,  University of 

Colorado,  1967.  36  p. 

Summary of discussions and presentations that were  tape  recorded during 
June  12-13,  1967  meeting.  Included are:  The  UFO  Problem by  Robert J.  Low; 
Identification of  Flying Objects by  Franklin E.  Roach;  Problems of  Human 
Perception as Related to the  UFO  Phenomenon by  Michael  A.  Wertheimer; 
Investigating Sightings  by  David  R.  Saunders;  and Instrumentation by  Joseph H. 
Rush. 

Barry,  J.  Dale.  Ball lightning.  Journal of atmospheric and terrestrial physics. 

v.  29,  1967:  1095-1101. 

Results are presented of  extensive survey of  reported ball lightning otiaervations 
during the last 300  years.  A statistical description of the  phenomenon  was 
obtained in  terms of  its properties and characteristics.  The  description is 
discussed and various  relationships between the properties and characteristics 
of  the phenomenon are established.  In addition,  several properties previously 
attributed to ball lightning are shown  to  be  erroneous. 

Boffey,  Philip  M.  UFO  project:  trouble on  the  ground,  Science,  v.  161,  July  26, 

1968:  339-342. 

Discussion of problems and  controversy surrounding the University of  Colorado 
study  of  UFOs  directed by  Edward U.  Condon. 

Calkins,  Ken.  America has  closed the credulity gap.  Boeing magazine,  v.  38, 

May  1968:  15. 

Postulating that the public has become accustomed to  readily accepting the 
incredible,  the author says it is difficult to  find a  scientist  who  will publicly 
dispute what appears to  be patently  ridiculous.  He  discusses in  this context 
circumstances surrounding th?.  death of  the  horse,  Snippy,  in  Colorado during 
September  1967. 

Capparella,  Angelo,  ill.  Letters:  French UFOs.  Science,  v.  161,  August  16, 

1968:  631. 

Author challenges statement by  Thornton Page of Wesleyan  University (Science, 
v.  160,  June 14,  1968:  1258) that no  telescope or obsenatory has taken a 
picture of a  UFO.  He  notes that Jacques Vallee mentions in  Challenge to 
Science (Chicago,  He:i.ry  Regnery,  1966)  that two  images were recorded by  the 
trajecto!'y analyzers at  Forcalquier Observatory,  France,  May  3-4,  1957. 

U.S.  Congress.  House.  Committee on  Science and Astronautics.  Symposium  on 

unidentified flying objects.  LWashington,  U.S.  Govt.  Printing Office,  19619' 
247  p.  (90th Congress,  2d  session.  House.  Report no.  7). 

Contains statements by  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek,  Dr.  James E.  McDonald,  Dr.  Carl 
Sagan,  Dr.  Robert  L.  Hall,  Dr.  James A.  Harder and Dr.  Robert  M. L.  Baker 
Prepared papers ai"e  included by  Dr.  Donald H.  Menzel,  Dr.  R.  Leo Sprinkle, 
Dr.  Garry C.  Henderson,  Dr.  Stanton T.  Friedman,  Dr.  Ro~er N.  Shepard 
and Dr.  Frank B.  Salisbury. 

Cote,  Alfred J.  UF'O  study credibility cloud?  Industrial research,  June 1968: 

26-28. 

Following conclusions emerged as the  result of Industrial Research inquiry  into 
status of  University of Colorado  UFO  study:  (1)  the project does  not  stress 
investigation of the people doing the observing,  rather than of physical 
phenomena;  (2)  there appears to  be  no  effort in  the  study directed at a  serious 
evaluation of extraterrestrial hypotheses;  (3) a  follow-on  investigation apparently 
will be proposed in the final  report,  in a  chapter that  treats future  government 
handling of  UFOs. 

Fowler,  Raymond E.  Engineer involvemeut in  UFO  investigations.  American 

engineer,  May  1968:  29-31. 

The  Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee of  the National Investigations 
Committee on  Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) has enlisted engineering taJ.ent  to 
assist in  solving the  UFO phenomenon.  During  1967,  approximately 100  UFO 
sightings were investigated in Massachusetts under engineer supervision. 

(U.S.) GAO  imcstigating contract on  UFOs.  Scientific  research,  June 10,  1968:  18. 

Details are given  of  U.S.  General Accounting Office scrutiny of  the  University 
ot  Colorado contract requested by  Congressman J.  Edward Roush  (D-Ind. ). 

Hynek,  J.  Allen.  UFOs and the numbers game.  Natural history,  v.  77,  March 

1968:  24,  25,  66'  70. 

T\ro  UFO books are revie,.;•ed:  Uninvited Visitors,  by Ivan T.  Sanderson and 
Fiying Saucers -- Here and Now!  by  Frank Edwards. 

Jones,  R. V.  The natural j; .. l.losophy  of  flying  saucers.  Physics bulletin,  July 

1968:  225-230. 

Author  reviews the "character of the  evidence  regarding flying saucers," and 
concludes  that if known  natural phenomena are insufficient to  explain  every-
thing that has  been genuinely seen,  the alternative to  the intelligently controlled 
vehicles  hypothesis is an as yet unrecognized phenomenon. 

Keel,  John A.  New  flying  saucer crime wave  they  can't cover up.  Male,  v.  18, 

December  1968:  28,  54,  56. 

Cases throughout the world are reported (1953-1967)  in  which people have 
allegedly been  pursued,  injured,  kidnapped  and killed by  UFOs. 

Konecci,  Eugene  B.  Bioastronautics  review - 1963.  Washington,  D. C.,  National 

Aeronautics and Space Administration,  1963.  82  p. 

Author notes interest of  both U.S.  and  U.S. S. R.  in  phenomenon  of  electro-
magnetk communication between living organisms and possible applications  in 
space.  He  says:  "To the Soviets,  these applications mean a  'thought  register,' 
an  'electronic hypnotizer,'  and  'thought  transfer over di&tance';  and to Western 
scientists and  engineers the  results of valid experimentation in  energy and 
information transfer could lend to  new  communications media and advanced 
emergency techni'J.ues  . . .  Presented at  'he 14th lnh:rnational Astronautics 
Federation meeting in  Paris,  September  26-0ctober 1,  1963. 
"contactees have  claimed that  communication with  UFO occupants was  by 
thought  transfer J 

Home alleged 

Langmuir,  Irving.  Pathological science.  Transcribed and edited by  R.  N.  Hall. 

Schenectady,  N.  Y.,  General Electric  Research and  Development Center,  1968. 
13  p.  [Report no.  G8-C-03~. 

Transcript of  talk given by  author at  G. E.  Research Laboratory,  Schenectady, 
N. Y.,  on  December 18,  1953.  Examples are given  of  cases in  which there was 
no  dishonesty  involved,  but where false  conclusions  were  reached because the 
!'e~earche~s did not  understand the  extent to  which  human  beings  can delude 
themselves due  to  subjective effects, wishful thinking,  or threshold interactions. 
The Davis-Barnes experiment,  Blondlot's N-rays,  and  Gurwitsch's  mitogenetic 
rays are discussed in  this context. 

McDonald,  James E.  Does  Congress have  a  responsibility to investigate the UFO 

problem?  Tucson,  Arizona,  The Author,  1968.  4 p. 

In talk to the  Burro Club  luncheon  meeting on  June 3,  1968,  Rayburn  Building, 
Washington,  D.C.,  author asks for a  Congressional inquiry into  the  UFO 
phenomenon;  He  emphasizes that the  inquiry should be  assigned to a  committee 
primarily concerned with  matters of  science and technology. 

Mayfield,  Melburn  R.  The rise of  gravity in  the  17th century;  or a  life in the day 

of Isaac Newton.  Physics  today,  Jun"?  1968:  42-46. 

Satirical verse purporting to  "bring a  powerful new insight into some of  the  long-
standing mysteries concerning the personal and professional life of  Sir Isaac 
Newton":  the  source of his "philosophical innovations"  and "mathematical 
elegancies"  was a  beautiful female  flying  saucer occupant. 

Moller,  P.S.  Eng1neering professor teaches  UFO course at the  University of 

California.  American engineer,  May  1968:  32-34. 

Students discuss social and technical implications of  worldwide  UFO  sightings 
in  an  experimental course,  "Flying Saucers:  The Social a.1d  Technological 
Implications,"  given at the University of California at David. 

Morse,  Robert  F.  UFOs  and  the  technological  community.  American  engineer, 

May  1968:  24-28. 

Noting that  reports of unidentified flying  ob1ects  have  been with  us for at least 
two  decades,  the author says the  time  has come to  enlist the  full  resources of 
the technological community,  worldwide,  in  an  examination of these persistent 
and as yet unexplained sighting reports. 

Natural lasers cause UFOs? 

'The  laser weekly,  v.  1,  no.  2~:  2. 

According to  Victor T.  Tomberg of the  Biophysics  Research  Lab at New  York 
Medical College,  natural laser action  in  space may  be  responsible for  UFO 
phenomena.  Tomberg maintains that natural laser and  maser action  should 
exist in  outer space.  He  also claims that this concentrated radiation  may be 
aimed at our sky and might explain  some of the unidentified flying objects that 
have  been  reported. 

Page, Thorton.  Letters:  French UFOs.  Science,  v.  161,  August  16,  1968:  631. 

Author insists on  the accuracy of  his claim  that no  telescope or observatory has 
taken  a  picture of~ UFO.  He  says  that photographs taken at  Forcalquier 
Observatory,  Fra11ce,  May  3-4,  1957,  described by  Jacques Vallee  in  Challengg_ 
to  Science (Chicago,  Henry Regnery,  1966)  do  not  fit  the hypothesis  of  extra-
terrestrial bodies  entering our atmosphere at  5 to  7 miles per second. 

-------------

Photographic sky coverage for the detection  of  UFOs?  Science, 

v.  160,  June 14,  1968:  1258-1260. 

Author  says that  in  connection with a  course on  flying saucers that  he taughl at 
Wesleyan University,  it was  determined that over a  period of  20  year~>, during 
which there were at least 11, 000  visual sightings  uf  UFOs,  no astronomical 
photograph has  recorded one,  even  though artifical satellites,  meteors,  and 
asteroids are frequently  noted.  Article s~~c~lates on  what  frequency of  random 
UFO tracks could t:>e  mis:;t:d by  astronimical telescopes  .~c.w in use. 

Powers,  William  T.  UFO in  1800:  meteor?  Science,  v.  160,  June 14,  1968:  1260. 

Article contains  reprint of  William  Dunbar's report in Transactions of  the 
American Philosopical Society (v.  6,  no.  25,  1804)  of an aerial object that was 
never positively identified.  Powers comments tilat  Dunbar's drawing of  the 
object was not  very  different in shape from  some of  the phenomena reported 
currently. 

Review of  the  University of Colorado  report on  nnidentified flying objects by  a 

panel of  the National Academy of Sciences.  NAS,  1969.  6  p. 

NAS  panel headed by  Dr.  G'3rald M.  Clemence,  Yale University,  concurs with 
scope,  methodology and findings  of  the Colorado Project (Condor.}  report. 
Concludes "On  the basis of present knowledge  the least like).y  explanation of 
UFOs is the hypothesis of  extraterrestrial visitations  by  intelligent  beings." 
Reprinted in News  Report,  National Research  Council (NAS-NAE},  XlX(2),  Feb. 
1969:  6-8.  Also printed by  the  Clearinghouse for  Federal Scientific and 
Technical Information in  hard copy  and microfo.tm. 

Salisbury,  Frank  B.  F.xobiology.  Fort Collins,  Colorado,  The  Author,  1964.  9 p. 

Author outlines  the kinds  of  evidence  for  extraterrestrial life and comments 
briefly on  some of the more pertinent points.  He  cites testimony of witnesses 
who  claim to  have experienced or seen a  visitation by  an extraterrestrial 
intelligent  being.  Paper delivered at the  First Annual  Rocky  Mountain  Bio-
engineering Symposh1m  held at  the  U.S.  Air  Force Academy,  Colorado,  May  4-
5,  1964,  sponsored by  the  USAF  Academy and the  Committee on  Electrical 
Techniques in  Medicine and  Biology  of the Inst!tute of Electrical and Electronic 
Engineers. 

Saunders,  David  R.  and R.  Roger  Harkins.  UFOs?  yes~, where the Condon 

Committee went  wrong.  New  York,  Signet  Books,  1968.  256  p. 

Bias and mis-direction of  the Condon  investigation at the University of Colorado 
is alleged by  an  ex-m(:mber of  the  group and collaborator,  with  introduction by 
John  Fuller. 

Scientific Study of unidentified flying  objects,  conducted  by  the  University of 
Colorado unde1·  contract No.  F44620-67-<:-0035.  Dr.  Edward l'.  Condon, 
acientific  director.  Daniel S.  Gillmore,  editor.  Boulder,  1968,  three volumes, 
1, 465  p.  80  plates. 

Flnal report of the University of Colorado project studying UFOs under support 
provided by the Air Force Office of Scientific Researcti,  OAR,  at the direction 
of the Secretary of the Air  Forcf:.  Two-year project concluded (a) that ahout 
90 percent of all UFO reports pl'ove to be quite 1>1ausibly related to ordinary 
phenomena,  (b) that little l! anything has come from  the study of UFOs  in the 
past 21  years that has added to scientific knowledge.  and (c}  that further 
extensive study of UFO sighting is not ;ustifted in the expectation that science 
will be advanced thereby.  At the same time it is emphasized that (c) is an 
opinion hused on  evidence now availa!,;le.  Also pri::ited in hard copy and micro-
form  by Clearinghouse for  Federal Scient: fie  and Technical Information,  vol.  1, 
AD 680 !11~;  vol.  2,  AD 680  976;  vol.  3,  AD  680 977.  Alsu printed complete by 
Bantam  llooks,  New  York,  1969,  with introduction by Walter Sullivan,  ~ew York 
Times.  >~ ·o printed by  E.P.  Dutton,  I-hw York,  1969. 

Syiem,  S.  Sand.  A flying saucer?  Hind•Jstan standard,  November  12,  1967:  5. 

Two eyewitness report sighting a whirling cylindrically-shaped UFO 200-300 
feet high near ·Dympep Village,  India,  011,  October 18.  1967. 

Walker,  Sydney,  m.  Establishing obst:rver creditability:  a  proposed method. 

Journal of the astronautical sciences,  v.  15,  March-April 1968:  92-96. 

Rief review of critical chain of linked processes -- anatomic,  phipiolo~!~. and 
psychologic.u -- which operate to  determi.ne the nature of the observations maue 
by an indivichal,  whether of an accident,  a planned experiment,  or a  phenomenon 
such as a  Ul'O.  Purpose of reriew is to demonstrate how,  through the  use of 
£)roper medical examination,  the integrity of the observer system can be 
established in such a  way  that eye witness creditability d:>es  not  have to  be left 
to  the kind of speculation that is so frequent. 

Wertheimer,  Michael.  A case of "autostasis" or reverse autokinesis.  PerC'l~ptual 

and motor skills,  26,  1968:  417-418. 

Three of five observers of a  light in the night.  sky that was actually mGving 
continuously along a  linear course reported it a . .,  stationary as long as the light 
was on.  The phenomenon, ··autostat!s, '' seems  to  be  opposite to the well-known 
phenomenon of autokinesis,  or apparert motion of an actually stationary light 
in an undifferentiated field. 

Communication with  extraterrestrial  intelligt.:nce. 

IEEE Spectrum,  v.  3,  nr. 3, 

March 1966:  153-163. 

A  condensation  of Session 1 .. 5  of the  1965  IEEE  Military  Electronics  Conference 
(MIL-E-Cm,;  9),  Washington,  D. C.,  Sept.  22-24,  1965,  based on the  questions 
of  recognizing  and  communicating  with  extraterrestrial  intelligence.  Harold 
Wooster,  moderator,  Paul  L.  Garvin,  Lambros  D.  Callimahos,  .John  C.  Lilly, 
William  0.  Davis  and  Francis  J.  Heyden. 

=====================================================
AUTHOR INDEX 

-A-

-B-

Abbott.  C.  G. 
Abelson,  Philip H. 
Adamski,  George 

238,  252 

249,  255 

1,  51,  60,  68,  83, 

Babcock,  Edward J. 
Bailey,  Alfred C. 
Baker, James 
343 
Baker,  Robert M.  L. 
Ball,  Robert 
Barker,  Gray 

2,  195 

280 

2,  140 

256 
2,  19,  55,  61,  87,  89, 
99,  100,  110,  137,  152,  179,  195, 
306,  318,  334,  356 

Barnes,  Sam 
Baroja,  Julia C. 
.Barton,  Michel X. 

256 

343 

62,  110,  152,  230, 
268,  269,  280,  299,  300,  318,  336, 
353,  354 

2,  336 

224 

3 

256 

Bauchau,  A. 
Beach,  David 
145 
Beckley,  Timothy G. 
Becquerel,  P. 
230 
Beer,  Lionel 
Beischer,  Dietrirh E. 
Belgisch - UFO 
Waarnemingt'ln 
Beller,  William 
Benard,  Paul C. 
Bender,  Albert K. 
Benedicks,  Carl 
Bennett,  Dorothy A. 
Bergamini,  David 
Bergendahl,  P.  E. 
Berger,  Ranier 
Berget,  Alphonse 
Bergier,  Jacques 
Berland,  Theodore 
Bernal,  J.  D. 

257 

47 
269 
19,  179 

313 

238 

256 

195 

233,  256 

224,  257 
269 

257 

3,  62,  87,  180 

383 

255,  282 
75 

238,  252 

1,  40 

89,  139,  299,  306 
367 

Addeo,  Edmond 
Adler,  Billy 
Aharon,  Y.  N. 
Aho,  Arthur C. 
Aitken,  R.  G. 
60 
Albanesi,  Renato 
Aleman Velasco,  Miguel 
Alexander,  M. 
Allemann,  T. 
Allen,  Thomas 
Allen,  W.  Gordon 
Allingham,  Cedric 
Anders,  Edward 
Anderson,  Carl 
Anderson,  Dave 
Anderson,  Paul 
Angelucci,  Orfeo M. 
Antoncadi,  E.  M. 
238 
Archers'  Court Research 

351 
178,  194 
255 

249 
179 
194 
255 

1 

47,  109,  151 
1,  60,  79 

Group 

140 

Arnold,  Kenn'  ~h A. 
Arrhenius,  Svante 
Ascher,  Marcia 
Ascher,  Robert 
Ashtar 
Asimov,  Isaac 

89 

286,  360 

2,  173,  313 

233,  256 

268,  283 
268,  283 

151,  212,  238,  283, 

Avenel,  Antony, 
Avignon,  Andre, 

224,  228 
110 

2,  60,  145,  360 

89,  111,  285,  363 

328 

Clarke,  Arthur C. 
Cleary-Baker,  John 

89,  111,  285,  363 
76,  80,  131,  152, 

Calvillo Madrigal,  Salvador 

181 

3,  173, 

Calvin,  Melvin 

225,  239,  259,  260, 

260,  271 

111,  362 
3,  76,  111 

20,  100,  158,  170,  197 
181 

271,  307 

197 
307 

197 

Cameron,  A.  G.  W. 
Campbell,  John W.  Jr. 
Campione,  Michael J. 
Cappa,  Fidel A. 
Caputo,  Livio 
Carnell,  John 
Carpenter,  Mark 
Carr,  Aidan M. 
Carrouges,  Michel 
Carter,  Joan  F. 
Cassens,  Kenneth  H. 
Chaikin,  G.  L. 
Chaloupek,  Henri 
Chamberlin,  Ralph  \'. 
Chambers,  Howard V. 
Chartrand,  Robert L. 
Chase,  Frank M. 
Chernenko,  Mikhail 
Chipman,  DeWitt C. 
Churchward,  James 
Clark,  Jerome 

260 

152 

145 

170,  197 

181,  281 

328 

172,  174,  197 
260,  285 
3,  63 
4,  41,  159 

295,  309 
362,  363 
231,  350 

20,  63,  80,  89,  101, 

198,  281,  354 

354 

Cleaver,  A.  V. 
Clendenning,  John R. 
Coates,  James 
343 
Cocconi,  Guiseppe 
Coelho Netto,  Paulo 
Cohen,  Daniel 

272 
4 

242 

4,  20,  40,  112,  137, 

21,  38,  135, 

260 
112,  181,  313,  325 

159 

Comella,  Thomas M. 

145,  181,  341 

363 

Conklin,  Groff 
Conniff,  James G. 
Constance,  Arthur 
Cuaway,  J. 
260 
Cooper.  John 
285 
Copland,  Alexander 
Cordonnier,  Gerard 
Corrall,  Alice E. 
Cort,  David 
21 
Coughlin,  William J. 
Coupe,  Charles 
Couten,  Francois 
Cove,  Gordon 
Cox,  Adrian 
Cox,  Donald W. 
Craigie,  Dorothy 
Cramp,  Leonard G. 

4 

260,  334 
Crandall,  L. 

307 

260,  285 
334 

344 

112 

285 

181 
90,  329 

63,  90,  332 

364 

146,  198,  234, 

336 

233 

233,  257,  283 

173 
110,  180,  343 

62,  300 

19,  40,  55,  76,  322 

283 

140 

Bernard,  Raymond 
Berril,  Jolm N. 
Berrill,  Norman J. 
Berry,  Bruce D. 
Bessor,  John P. 
Bethurum,  Truman 
Bieri,  Robert 
.Binder,  Otto O. 
Birch,  A. 
B!aher,  Damian J. 
Bloecher,  Ted 
Blum,  Harold  F. 
Boehm,  George A.  E. 
Bok,  B.  J. 
Boncompagni,  Solas 
Bongers,  Leonard H. 
Booth,  Leon 
Bott,  Henry A. 
Bowen,  Charles 

257 

173 

40 

328 

228,  257 
269 

47 

238 

360 
62,  79,  80,  84,  100, 
110,  140,  169,  180,  195,  196,  322 

Bowman,  Norman J. 

19,  20,  80,  158, 

258,  269,  270 

258,  270,  283 

257 

lOC,  328 

122 

Boyd,  Lyle G. 
Bracewell,  R.  N. 
Bradbury,  Ray 
Brandt,  Ivan 
Brand,  Walther C. 
Brasington,  Virginia  F. 
Bray,  Arthur, 
Bray,  Derek R.  M. 
Breig,  Joseph A. 
Brewster,  David 
Briggs,  Michael H. 

3 

111 

283 
258,  283 

284 

Brooks,  Angus 
Brown,  Hugh  A. 
Brown,  William  F. 
Browning,  Keith A. 
Bryant,  Larry W. 
Buck,  Richard M. 
Buckner,  H.  T. 
Buckle,  Eileen 
BUFORA 
Bull,  F.  Malcolm 
Bun,  Thomas P. 
Burr,  Frank 
Burridge,  Gaston 
Burroughs,  Edgar R. 
Busson,  Bernard 

196,  20 

307 

74,  196 

354 

4,  159 
156 

137 
3,  62,  196 

3,  111 
234,  259 

145,  334 

173,  180 

-C-

224,  258,  270, 

40,  41,  55,  99, 196 
228 

360,  361,  362 

Cade, C.  M. 

76,  234,  239,  252,  259, 
270,  271,  281,  284,  313,  343,  352 

Cadman,  A.  G. 
Cahn,  J.  P. 
Caldbeck,  David 

332 

41,  80,  100 

181 

384 

Creighton,  Gordon  W. 

38,  39,  47,  63, 

64,  77'  80,  81,  90,  11)1,  140,  168, 
169,  172,  181,  182,  198,  260,  272, 
285,  286,  314,  354 

64,  272,  231,  266 

239 

4,  141 

Cremaschi,  Inisero 
Crenshaw,  James 
Cross,  C.  A. 
Crum,  Norman J. 
21 
Cruttwell,  Norman E.  G. 
Cutler,  C.  C. 
Cyr,  Donald L. 
Cyr,  Guy J. 
Cyrano de  Bergerac,  Savinien 

249,  286 

239 

277 

182 

364 

64,  91,  112 

64,  91,  112 

81,  199 

·i9,  308 
81,  132 

Dnlry,  Neville 
Duchene,  J.  L. 
Duclout,  Jorge A. 
Duclout,  Napy 
239 
Duckwell,  W.  E. 
Dufour,  Jean C. 
199 
Dunn,  William J., Jr. 
344 
Dunne,  John W. 
199 
Duplantier,  Gene 
Durham,  Anthony 
135 
Du Soir,  W.  E. 
Dye,  Clarkson 
Dyson,  F.  J. 

319 
273 
273 

-D-

-E-

()a Silva,  Renato I. 

4,  234,  249,  272, 

21,  174,  182 

337 

112 

-F-

261 

385 

228 

41,  59,  159 

234 

333 
350,  364 

234 
260 
225,  289,  357 
10,  171 
364 
220 
261 

286,  344 

199 

220 

246 

Dagenis,  Arleigh J. 
21 
Daniel-Rops 
Darby,  Christian 
Darden,  Mona 
Darwin,  Charies G. 
David,  Jay 
4 
Davidson,  Leon 
Dauvillier,  Alexandre 
Davis,  G. 
21,  112 
Day,  Langston 
Dean,  John W. 
329 
De  Arujo,  Hemani  E. 
De  Camp,  L.  S. 
De Grazia,  Alfred 
Demoulin,  Maurice 
Dempster,  ~rek D. 
Deneault,  Ha~·old H. 
Derleth,  August W. 
De  TastP.lero,  Mira 
Dethier,  Vincent  G. 
231,  300 
Dewey,  Mark 
64 
Dick,  William 
Dickhoff,  Robert E. 
Digard-Combet,  Simonne 
Dikshitar,  W.  R. 
Dikty,  T.  E. 
Dixon,  William A. 
Dole,  Stephen H. 
Doruielly,  Ignatius 
Donnelly,  Joseph  W. 
Dowding,  Hugh  C. 
Dowling,  J. 
182 
Downing,  Barry H. 
Drake,  Frank D. 
Drake,  W.  Raymond 

286 
350 

365 

213 

182 

47 

Draper,  Hal 
137 
Drawert,  Friedrich 
Dreyer,  H.  R. 

273 

152,  344 

329 

272,  273,  286 

48,  49,  235, 

261,  281,  287'  307'  329'  366 

5 
88 

Earley,  George W. 
Easley,  Robert S. 
Easton,  W.  B. 
329 
Eddington,  Arthur S. 
Edwards,  Allan W. 
Edwards,  Frank 

344 

308 

5,  21,  22,  23,  42, 55, 

56,  77'  91,  99,  101,  137'  141,  146, 
156,  159,  172,  174,  182,  183, 199, 
200,213,  214,  239,  240,  249,  252, 
261,  287'  334,  357 

Ehrensvard, Gosta C. 
Eiseley,  Loren C. 
Ellerby,  Christopher 
Elliot,  John 
368 
EmersC'n,  Willis G. 
Enquete a  Valensole 
Erkskine,  Allen L. 
Evans,  Gordon  li. 

240 

101,  287 

287 

240 

337 
81 
5 
49,  102, 

146,  221, 

314 

Evenson,  K.  M. 
Everett,  Eldon K. 
Everson,  Vincent 
Ewing,  Ann 

159,  174 
23 
261,  287 

Farish,  Lucius 
Farris, Joseph 
Fawcett,  George D. 

49,  91,  170 
55 

102,  112,  141,  159,  200 

23,  24,  81,  91, 

Fear3,  Francis R. 
Fedi,  Remo 
335 
Ferber,  Adolph  C. 
Ferguson,  William 
Ferriere,  Joseph L. 
Feryer,  R. 
Fesenkov,  V. 
Finch,  Bernard E. 
Firsoff,  V.  Axel 

5 

288 

Fitch,  C.  W. 

57 

261,  287 

287 
91,  113,  30G,  329 

141 

243,  253 

77,  136,  146,  308 
225,  250,  261,  262, 

Flammarion,  Camille 

229,  273,  288, 

92 

344 

24 

Flanders,  C.  M. 
ruck,  David 
Fodor,  Nandor 
Foght,  Paul 
Fogl,  T. 
Fontenelle,  B.  B. 
Fontes,  Olavo T. 

141 

352,  354,  355,  356 

65,  157 

262 
24,  77,  92,  102, 

132,  141,  142,  159,  169,  183,  200 

325 

Fort,  Charles 
Foss,  William O. 
Fouere,  Francine 
Fouere,  Rene 

341 
201 

25,  54,  65,  82,  103, 

113,  114,  160,  200,  201,  250,  308, 
322,  333 
French,  Paul 
Friedman,  Bruno 
Fry,  Daniel W. 

6,  65,  74,  229,  301, 

288 

366 

136,  289 

282,  289 

25,  65,  103,  114,  183, 
184,  201,  214,  218,  273,  319,  345, 

319 

Fuhs,  Allen~. 
Fuller,  B.  A.  G. 
Fuller ..  Curtis 

Fuller,  Jean 
Fuller,  John G. 

25 

7,  25,  65,  114,  218 

-G-

Gaddis,  Vincent H. 

39,  92,  114,  314, 

142,  201,  322 

341 

325 

265 

337 
325,  337 
184 
367 
367 

240 

329 

289 

Galindez,  Oscar A. 
Gallegos,  Faustin 
Gardner,  James P. 
Gardner,  Marshall B. 
Gardner,  Martin 
Garreau,  Charles 
Garver,  Ronald G. 
Garvin,  Richard M. 
Gaspa,  Pietro 
Gaston,  Henry A. 
Gatland,  Kenneth W. 
Gauroy,  Pierre 
Gearhart,  Livingston 
Geier,  Chester S. 
Geley,  Gustave 
Giannini,  Amadeo 
Gibbons,  Gavin 
Gibbons,  Russel W. 
Gibbs-Smith,  Charles H. 
Gibson,  Edmund H. 
Giles,  Gordon A. 
Gilman,  Peter 
Gilvarry,  J.  J. 
Girvan,  Ian W. 
Girvin,  Calvin C. 
Giumarro,  C. 
Gbbe,  H.  C. 

246 
351 

92 

345 

66,  184 
160 

367 

66,  103,  241 
250 
7,  82,  115 
66,  152 

25,  172 

74,  345 

229,  345 

225,  229,  289 

26,  214 

184 

241 

156 

274 

330 

274 

7 
250 

26,  171,  231 
132,  241 

Glover,  Kenneth M. 
Goble,  H.  C. 
Goddard,  J. 
Goff,  Kenneth 
Golay,  M.  J.  E. 
Golomb,  Solomon W. 
Golowin,  SP.rgius, 
301,  308 
Gonzales Ganteaume,  Horacio 
Goodwin,  Harold 
Gordon,  Samuel 
Gassner,  Simone D. 
Gould,  Rupert T. 
Goupil,  Jean 
Gradecak,  Vjekoslav 
Grant,  W.  V. 
Gray,  Grattan 
Green,  Gabriel 
Green,  Vaughn  M. 
Greenbank,  Anthony 
Greenfield,  Irving A. 
Greenstein,  Jesse L. 
Gregg,  Doria  D. 
Grescoe,  Paul 
Guieu,  Jimmy 
Guttridge,  Len 

93,  104,  330 
26,  221 
7,  115,  201 

138 
115 
367,  368 

241,  326 

104,  147 

175 

147 

115 

7,  82,  104 

7,  42,  160,  201 
289 

-H-

8,  12,  42,  57,  121, 

Hall,  Richard H. 

184,  201 

93,  308 

115,  201 

153,  345 

171,  202 
49,  116 

147 

274 

246 

185 

319 

Haggerty,  James J. 
Halpern,  L.  A. 
H:llsey,  Wallace C. 
Hamilton,  Jared 
Hampton,  Wade  T. 
Handelsman,  M. 
Hanlon,  Donald  B. 
Hansen,  L.  Taylor 
Hapgood,  Charles H. 
Hardner,  James A. 
290 
Harford,  J. 
26 
Harney,  John 
Harris,  John  B. 
Harrison,  Philip 
Hatcher,  Judi A. 
Hatvany,  Edgar A. 
Hayatsu,  Ryoichi 
262 
Haythornthwaite,  P.  K. 
8,  175,  185 
Heard,  Gerald 
235 
Heard,  J.  F. 
142 
Heath,  David 
Hecker,  Randall C. 
Heim,  Allen H. 
Heinlein,  Robert A. 
Hsintze,  Carl 
Heline,  Corinne 
Helland,  Albert E. 
Herrmann,  Joachim 
H ·~rvey,  Michael 

367,  368 
235 
250 

368 
262,  290 

158  ' 

242 

93 

93 

49,  104 
8  221 

160,  214 

132,  157 

386 

290 

202 

161 

27 4 
214 

12,  88,  171 
323 

Heuer,  Kenneth 
Hewes,  Hayden C. 
Hickman,  Warren 
Hicks,  Cliff .. :. d  B. 
Hiestand,  Edgar A. 
Hilberg,  Rick  R. 
Hinfelaar,  H.  J. 
Hinman,  Grace 
Hoag,  Amey 
Hohmann,  R.  E. 
Holden,  A.  R. 
Holledge,  J;.;.~nes 
Holmes,  David C. 
Hornet,  Marcel 
Horowitz, Norman 
Howard,  D'cma 
Howells,  W. 
Hoyle,  Fred 
Huang,  Su-Shu 

186 

142 

275 

147 
82 

50 

263,  274,  290,  291 
66,  169 

136 
66,  104 

Hudson,  Jan 
Hughes,  F.  P. 
Hugill,  Joanna 
Hull,  Joe 
Hunt,  Douglas 
Hunt,  Richard 
Hynek,  J.  Allen 

116 

215 

262,  290 

241,  253,  262 

153,  301 

290 
235,  290,  368 

225,  235,  253,  262, 

309 
202,  314 

8,  26,  27'  116,  161, 

-I-

Ibson,  Jack 
Inglefield,  Gilbert S. 

104 

153,  352 

-J-

Jack,  Homer A. 
Jackson,  C.  D. 
Jackson,  Francis L. 
James,  Trevor 

330 
275 

241,  263,  291 

8,  67,  116,  153,  154, 

9,  117'  326,  330 

105,  202 
175 

368 

27'  215,  263 
319 
9 
203 

27'  215,  263 

330 

Jansen,  Clare J. 
Jansen,  John H. 
Jenkins ,  William  F. 
Jessup,  Morris K. 
Jones,  Harold S. 
Johns,  Cornelius 
Johnson,  Lew.  B. 
Johnson,  R.  Dean 
Jones,  Bob 
147 
Jones,  H:i.rold S. 
Jones,  R.  V. 
Jones,  S.  F. 
Jonsson,  Ake 
Jung.  Carl G. 

27 
175,  221 
203 
15·1 

-K-

Kaempffert,  Waldemar 
Kapp,  R.  0. 
Kasantsev,  Aleksandr 
Kavanau,  J.  L. 
263 
Kazantsev,  Alexander 

346 

27,  117 

36 

36,  50,  129, 

357'  368 
Keel,  John A. 

27,  28,  39,  57, 67,  82, 

83,  88,  94,  105,  161,  203 

Kellogg,  W.  W. 
Kelly,  Peter J. 
Keyhoe,  Donald E. 

237,  245 
203 

94,  117,  147,  148,185,  215,  250 

9,  10,  28,  42,  57, 

369 

231,  250,  291,  302,  303 

65,  81 

117,  118,  156,  315 
330 

28,  118 

263 

Kim-Nicklasson,  Lars 
Kind,  S.  S. 
Kin15,  George 
Klarer,  Elizabeth 
Klass,  Philip J. 
Kleinz,  John P. 
Klemin,  Alexander 
Knaggs,  Oliver 
Knight,  Damon 
Knight,  Oscar  F. 
Kobler,  John 
Kor,  Peter 
Korcsmaros,  Jesse 
Kowalezewski,  Stanislaw 
Kram,  Carl F. 
Kraspedon,  Dino 
Krasovskiy,  Ju. 
Kunkel,  Wallace 

10,  50 
369 

68,  138 

105,  185 

148 

142 
148,  229,  346 
10,  68,  148 
275 
83 

28,  118,  154,  161,  162 

-L-

75,  149 

78,  316 

79 

50 

Lafonta,  Paul 
Laftaire de  Valensole 
Laine,  Juliette 
241 
Lamar,  Donald L. 
Lamb,  Peter 
27 5 
Lambert,  Richard S. 
Lang,  Daniel 
Larson,  Kenneth  lo. 
Lascoe,  .Jack 
57 
Last,  Cec;.l E. 
Lauritzea,  Hans 
Lawrence,  Lincoln 
Layne,  Meade 
Layne,  Stan 
Lear,  John 
Ledger,  Joseph R. 
42 
Lee,  Ben S. 
Lee Cloria 
154 
Leiber,  Fritz 
Lemaitre,  Jules 

291 

68 

28,  ~9,  175,  185 

50,9~,  171 

291,  346 

148,  149,  315 

346 

94,  118 

251 
29,  58,  59,  215,  218 

50 

387 

Leonard,  Frederick C. 
Le Po!r Trench,  Brinsle}· 

263 

10,  29, 

173,  180 

10,  51,  68,  83,  138 
242 

105,  242,  291,  323,  358 

291 
370 

119 

264 

369 

118,  119,  309 

Leroy,  Gerard 
Leslie,  Desmond 
Levin,  Gil!>ert  V. 
Lewellen,  John 
Lewis,  Clive S. 
Ley,  Willy 
Liddel,  Umer 
Lighthall,  W.  D. 
Lindsay,  David 
Lindsay,  Gordon 
Liss,  Jeffrey G. 
Lloyd,  Dan 
Loftin,  Robert 
Lonnqvist,  C. 
Lore,  Gordon 
Lorenzen,  Coral E. 

106,  119 

68,  95,  119 
204,  242 

75,  105,  204 

10,  119,  346 
264,  292 
10,  171 

370 

Lovecraft,  Howard P. 
Lovitch,  A. 
51 
Lowell,  Percival 
Luciano,  Galli 
Luckiesh,  Matthew 
Luna,  Walter  F. 
Lyustfocrg:  Villen 

68 

242 

136 

95,  186 

29 

-M-

11,  39,  68,  113, 

MacGowan,  Roger A. 
Macvey,  John W. 
Magee,  Judith 
Malian,  Lloyd 
Mamontoff,  Nicholas 
Manas,  John H. 
Mandel,  Siegfried 
Maney,  Charles A. 

204 
29 ,  157,  162 

346 

120 
30 
12,  30,  42,  77, 

121,132,  162,  186,  205,  253 

347 

292 
30,  162,  219 

30,  216 
242 

30,  96 

Mann,  Mary 
186 
Manning,  Henry P. 
Marais,  D. 
Margaria,  Rodolfo 
Margolis,  Howard 
Markowitz,  William 
Marshall,  James S. 
69 
Martin,  D.  M. 
Martin,  Mitch 
154 
Mauer,  Edgar  F. 
Maunder,  E.  W. 
Mayher,  Ralph 
McClain,  Edward  F. 
McColley,  Grant 
McCoy,  John 
McDonald,  James E. 

142 

18,  99 

121 
292 

275 
264,  292 

119,  120,  162,  215,  216 

McHugh,  L.  C. 

292 

11,  ~.2,  29.95, 

292 

Moorehouse.  Frederick G. 

31,  122, 

292,  303,  370,  371 

149 

Meadows,  A.  J. 
Mecrloo,  Joost A. 
Menger,  Howard 
Menzel,  Dor.ald H. 

31~. 316 

121,  155 

69,  303 

55,  121,  122,  133, 

264,  294 

Merker,  Donald 
Mesnard,  Joel 
Michael,  Cecil 
Michel,  Aime 

221 

205 
69,  155 

12,  78,  83,  84,  106, 

122,  133,  134,  162,  175,  186,  187' 
242 

Michell,  John  F. 
Miles,  H.  G. 
Miles,  Max  B. 
Miller,  Evelyn 
Miller,  E.  C. 
Miller,  H.  W. 
Miller,  Ma1C  B. 

162,  187 

Miller,  R.  DeWitt 
Miller,  Robert W. 
Miller,  Stewart 
Miller,  Will 
Misraki,  Paul 
MitchP.11,  Betty 
Mitchell,  Helen 
Moffat,  Samuel 
Mollohan,  Hank 
Moore,  Patrick 

264,  291,  294 

51 

315,  316 

275 
155,  303 
275,  282,  347 
264,  292 
30,  43,  51,  70,  106, 

122 
12,  171 

30,  163 

155,  303 

51,  96,  309 
69 
69 
264 
187 
236,  241,  251,  263, 

12,  52,  122,  309 

294 

187 

272 

Moreux,  Theophile 
Morgan,  Dean 
Morrison,  Philip 
Moseley,  James W. 
Motz,  Lloyd 
294 
232,  293 
Mugler,  C. 
Mulholland,  John 
123 
Muller,  Hermann J. 
:Muller,  Wolfgang D. 
Munday,  John C. 
Mundo,  Laura 
Munitz,  Milton K. 
Murray,  Jacqueline 
Mustapa,  Margit 

303 

163 
70,  242 

230 
294 

226,  236,  293 

232,  351 

-N-

National Investigations Committe on 

Aerial Phenomena 
205 

13,  1'75.  188, 

13,  70 
226 

243 

Nebel,  Long John 
Needham,  A.  E. 
Nelson,  Albert  F. 
N elsl}n,  Buck 
Newman,  Bernard 
Nicolson,  Majorie  H. 

70,  8 5 

370,  371 

251 

388 

Nollet,  A.  R. 
31, 320 
Norkin,  Israel 
70 
Norman,  Ernest L. 
Norman,  Marke A. 
Norman,  Paul 
Norman,  Samuel 

243 
243 
78,  149 

188 

-0-

0akley,  C.  0. 
Oberth,  Hermann 

276 

31,  32,  70,  96, 107, 

123,  150,  155,  163,  216,  276 

347 

347 

0' Brien,  Barbara 
Oehler,  Pauline 
52 
Oge-Make 
Ogden,  Richard C. 
Ogles,  George W. 
Oliver,  Frederick S. 
Olsen,  Thomas M. 
Oparin,  A.  I. 
Ordway,  Frederick I.:  III 

138,  150,  236 
32,  43 

232,  351 

13,  176,  188,  206 

226,  243,  253,  265 

265,  292, 

293 

Ormond,  Ron 
Ottesen,  Eric A. 
Ovenden,  Michael 
Owen,  A.  R.  G. 
Owens,  Ted 

71 

32,  54,  107 
245,  267 
2!i6 

353 

-

-P-

Pace,  A.  R. 
15 
Pack,  Warren  E. 
Page,  H.  M. 
Palmer,  Ray 

223 
2,  33,  123,  143,  173, 
176,  188,  206,  243'  251,  337'  351 

32 

248 

Parkes,  A.  S. 
347 
Pascalis,  Bernardino 
Pastorino,  Luiz P. 
Pay,  Red 
Pearman,  J,  P.  T. 
Pederiali,  Guiseppt: 
Pelley,  William D. 
Pendergast,  R. 
Perego,  Alberto 

71,  276 

33 

243,  276,  293 
4,  141 
155,  277 

265,  347 
85,  176,  189  207, 

' 

Pereira,  Flavio A. 

13,  107'  234, 

293 

259 

124,  136 

303 

222 

277,  347 

96 

Perret,  Jacques 
Pestalozzi,  Rudolph  H. 
Petersen,  Clarence 
Philip,  Brother 
Pierce,  J.  R. 
Pinotti,  Roberto 
Pittendrigh,  Colin S. 
Pittenger,  Norman W. 
Plantier,  Jean 
150 
Plekanov,  G.  F. 
Posin,  Dan  Q. 
277'  293 

52 

358 

243 

244 

33,  216,  237,  265, 

53 
143 

i>ottage,  Barrie 
Powers,  W.  T. 
Pravda i  vynsysel 
Price,  George R. 
Priestly,  Lee 
Pritchett,  E..  B. 
Proctor,  Richard A. 
Prytz,  John 
Purcell,  E. 
Puri,  Omananda 

33,  43 
277 

33 
277 
33,  163 
304 

347 

265 

-Q-

Quarnstrom,  Gunnar 
Quimby,  F.  H. 
Quintanilla,  Hector 
Quiroga, R.  A. 

244 

293 
251,  265 

43 

-R-

Raible,  D.  C. 
295 
Rampa,  R.  Lobsang 
Rank.ow,  Ralph 
Rathbun,  Mabel 
Rayle,  Warren D. 
Rea,  D.  G. 
244 
Reeve,  Bryant 
Reeve,  Helen 
Rehn,  K.  Gosta 
Rember,  Winthrop A. 
Renwick,  G. 
Retour sur Valensole 
Revelle,  R. 
Reynolds,  0.  E. 
Ribera,  Antonio 

246 

71,  347 

33,  143 
208 

316 

71,  278,  282,  331 
71,  331 

14,  163 

244 

107 
266,  278,  295 

251 
14,  54,  85,  96,  107, 
134,  143,  155,  171,  176,  189,  208, 
217'  323,  324,  331,  352 

139,  143 ,  144,  1139 

295,  309 
278,  282 

85 

Rich,  Valentin 
Richards,  Sam 
Rifat,  Alain 
Roberts,  August  C. 
Roberts,  Keith 
Robertson,  W.  l), 
Robinson,  Jack 
Robinson,  Louis 
Robinson,  Mary 
Rocha,  Hugo 
Rodgers,  Philip 
RogerR,  Warren 
Roming,  Mary  F. 
Rosenberg,  Paul 
Ross,  John  C. 

266'  296'  348 
Rougeron,  Camille 
Roussel,  Robert 
Rowe,  Kelvin 
Rowland,  John 

107 

324 

108,  295 
295 
108,  295 

71,  295 
278 
164,  219 
78,  316 
278,  295 

124 

190,  209 

279 
348 

389 

34,  46,  144,  150,  190, 

Rublowsky.  John 
Ruppelt,  Edward J. 

266 

14, 34,  43,  164, 

190,316 

Rush,  Joseph H. 
Russell,  Eric  F. 
Ryan,  Cornelius 

237'  266 
371 
319 

-S-

Sable,  Martin H. 
Sacksteder,  Fred V. 
Sagan,  Carl 

223 

209 

26~.  279,  296,  297,  310 

34,  226,  237,  244,  245, 

Salisbl..ry,  Frank  B. 
Sanderi:;::m,  Ivan T. 

34,  245 
14,  86,  124,  209, 

342,  356 

96,  124 

Sanctillean 
279 
Sanford,  Ray 
Santesson,  Hans S. 
Saunders,  Alex 
Schang,  Casimiro 
Schatzman,  Evry 
Scbiaparelli,  G.  V. 
Schmidt,  Reinhold 
Schoenherr,  Luis 
Schopfer,  Siegfried 
Schroeder,  W. 
74 
Schwartz,  R.  N. 
Scully,  Frank 
Seaman,  E.  A. 
Seevior,  Peter M. 
Sendy,  Jean 
Senelier,  Jean 
Serpas,  Paul  F. 
Serviss,  Garrett P. 

86 

296 

124,  371 

191,  279,  296 

209 
296 

245,  296 

71,  72 
125,  144 

126 

279 

14,  58,  108 

191 

134 

232,  310 

191 

245,  251,  253, 

Settime,  Gianni 
Sewall,  Frank 
Shalett,  Sidney 
Shapley,  Harlow 

297 

Sharp,  Alan W. 
Sharp,  Peter  F. 

97 

237,  297 
44,  126 

237'  245,  253,  266, 

26 
34,  54,  126,  164, 

265 
338,  339 

267'  335,  358 

169 
217 

Sharpe,  Mitchell R.  ,  Jr. 
Shaver,  Richard S. 
Sheldon,  Jean 
Sherman,  Carl 
Sherman,  Harold M. 
Sherwood,  John C. 
Shirley,  Ralph 
Shklovr,kii,  Iosef S. 
Shneocr,  Eli A. 
Short,  Gertrude 
Shuldiner,  Herbert 
Shuttlewood,  Arthur 
Siegal,  S.  M. 
246 
Siguret,  E. 

348 

246 

349 

210 

279,  29'/ 
245,  264,  267 
372 

164,  219 
210 

210,  222,  230,  298 

7,  115,  201 
· 

246 

326 
40,  72 
15,  97'  126,  165, 

14,  35,  127 

15.  219 

15 

15,  40,  54,  58,  88,  97, 

16,  72,  127'  3l0, 

72 
246 

14,  72 

34 
267,  297 
191 
158,  191 
230,  297 

150 
298 

219 
164 

Silvano,  Ceccarelli 
Sinton,  William M. 
Simoes,  Auriphebo  B. 
Simons,  Herbert 
Simons,  Howard 
Simons,  Rodger L. 
Simpson,  George G. 
Sklarewitz,  Norman 
Slaboda,  Emil 
Slater,  Alan E. 
Slater,  Robert M. 
Sloan,  Eugene  A. 
Smith,  Alson J. 
Smith,  A.  U. 
Smith,  Bernard 
Smith,  Ef.lward  E. 
Smith,  E.  R. 
Smith,  J.  L. 
Smith,  Stephen L. 
Smith,  Warren 
Smoluchowski,  R. 
Sondy,  Dominic 
Soule,  Gardner 
Splitter,  Henry W. 
Spraggett,  Allen 
SprL1lde,  R.  Leo 

347 

191 
15 

279 

158 

372 
35,  136 
275,  282 

222 

Stanford,  Rex  G. 
7 4 
Stanley,  Neil 
Stanton,  L.  Jerome 
Stanway,  R.  H. 
Starr,  David 
Steiger,  Brad 

367 

108,  127'  324 

Steiner,  Ralph 
Stevens,  Stuart 
Stine,  G.  H. 
Stone,  Fred P. 
Stranges,  Frank E. 

320 

311 

144 
35,  246 

3 52 

144 

Strauch,  Arthur A. 
Strentz,  Herb 
99 
Stringfield,  Leonard H. 
Strong,  James G. 
Strughold,  Hubertus 

150 

16,  44 

226,  237,  238, 

246,  247'  254 

Stumbough,  Virginia 
Sullivan,  Walter 
Summer,  F.  W. 
Sykes,  Egerton 
Sytinskaia,  N.  N. 
S-iachnowski,  Antoni 

127,  348,  354 

298 
304 
128,  311,  316,  335 

247,  267 

35,  165 

-T-

Tacker,  Lawrence J. 
Tassi,  Dan 
343 
Taylor,  Henry J. 

321 

16,  45,  165 

390 

108 

86 

76 

348 

317 
97 
247,  254 
7 3,  86 

Teletov,  G.  S. 
Thomas,  Andr.ew 
Thomas,  Dorothy 
Thomas,  Franklin 
'l'homas,  Robert  B. 
Thompson,  T.  A. 
Thompson~ William  C. 
Thornton,  Ronald C. 
Tikhov,  G.  A. 
248 
Tomas,  Andrew 
97 
134 
Toulet, Francois 
227 
Touquet,  Robert 
Towner,  Cliff R. 
192,  326 
Towner,  Larry E. 
Townes,  C.  H. 
Trevor,  James 
Troxwell,  Hope 
Tsung,  Thomas 
Tufty,  Barbara 
Turner,  Eric 
Turner,  Richard 
Twichell,  Cleve 
Tyler,  Steven 
Tyrrell,  George N. 

279 
67,  330 
·304 
267 
128 

324 
16,  73 

16,  45 

349 

161 

192 

-U-

Unger,  George 
Unidentified  Flying Objects Research 

128,  156 

Committee 
U.  S.  Air  Force 
U.  S.  Air  Force.  Air Material 

17 
45,  46 

Command 

45,  166,  176,  177 

U.  S.  Air  Force.  Air Technical 

Intelligence Center 

46,  166,  177 

U.  S.  Congress.  House.  Committee 

on  Armed Services 

17,  46,  166 

United Press International 
Uriondo,  Oscar A. 

17 .•  129 

17 

-V-

129 

Vaeth,  J.  Gordon 
Vallee,  Jaques 

17 ,  18,  36,  37 , 109, 
129,  135,  166,  167,  171,  177,  192, 
211,  223,  248 

Vallee,  Janine 

17,  18,  36,  37,  129, 

167'  192,  211,  223,  248 

151,  335 

Van  As,  I.  A. 
Van  den  Berg,  Ba3il 
Van Sommers,  Tess 
Van  Tassel,  George 
Van  Vogt,  Alfred E. 
Vasse,  Cornelle 
Veestraeten,  Door J. 
Veit,  Karl L. 
211,  267 

73,  335 
139 
73 
372 

373 

144 

37,  73,  139,  1G7,  192, 

391 

373 

331 

335 

349 

168,  212 

Veldman,  James S. 
VelikovRky,  Immanuel 
Verne,  Jules 
Vezina,  Allan K. 
Viney,  Basil 
Vinther,  Lawrence W. 
Vishniac,  Woll 
243 
Vogt,  Cristian 
18,  73,  79,  192 
Volkman,  Frank 
Von  Braun,  Wernher 
Von  Hoerner,  Sebastian 
Vonkeviczky e  gli  37 
Voorname,  Kronologie 
Vyner,  J. 

192 

280 

193 

248 

311 

52 

-W-

37,  218 
218 

Waithman,  Robert 
Waithman,  Walter 
Wald,  George 
227 
Walling,  Theodore L. 
Walsh,  William  T. 
Warder,  George W. 
Wassilko-Serecki,  Zoe 
135 
Watkins,  Keith 
232 
Watson,  S.  H. 
Watson,  W.  R 
151,  171 
Webster,  Robert N. 

129 

193 

156,  3 52 
298,  349 

87,  109 
18, 37 ,  52,  53,  98, 

130,  177,  193,  317,  326,  327 

Wilks,  Willard 
Willems,  Louis 
Williams,  Henry S. 
Williamson,  George  H. 

248 
37,  98 

280,  311,  312 

Wilson,  Harlan 
Wilson,  Harvey 
Wilson,  Richard 
Wilson,  R.  H.,  Jr. 

144,  193 
37,  130 
130 

291 

268,  299 

18,  53,  98,  99, 

46,  54,  130,  168, 

326 

97,  130,  248 
252,  373 

137 
298,  304 

280 

280 

40,  54,  58,  97,  108, 

193 

Weideman,  June E. 
Weiss,  Sara 
248 
Wellman,  Wade 
Wells,  Herbert G. 
Wells,  Leslie E. 
Wentworth,  Jim 
Weer,  Samuel 
Wertheimer,  Michael 
White,  George S. 
Whittington,  George 
Whritenour,  Joan 

18 

40 
340 

127,  32~ 

Wickland,  Carl A. 
Wilcox,  Hal 
305 
Wilhelm,  Kate 
Wilkins,  G.  H. 
Wilkins,  H.  Percy 
Wilkins,  Harold •r. 

373 
34& 

Winder,  R.  H.  B. 

74, 75,  79,  109, 

151,  212 

Windes;  V.  M. 
Wolk,  George 
Wood,  Robert H. 
Woodley,  Morri3 
Wright,  Eric 
Wylie,  C.  C. 
Wylie,  Philip 

353 

40 

131 
194 

222 
131 
131 

-Y-

131,  349 

Young,  John R. 
Young,  Mort 
Young,  Richard$. 
Younghusband,  Francis 

58,  158 

268 

349 

227,  268,  299, 

-Z-

53,  312 

18,  73,  249 

Zaitsev,  Vyacheslav 
Zenabi,  J. 
Zigel,  Felix 
Zinsstag,  Lou 
Zubek,  T.  J. 
Zully,  Alphones 

38,  168,  212,  359 

38,  139,  178,  194 
349 
87 

39Z 

co 
Oba 

--

11Well,  isn't  there  any  other  agency  that  we  can  contact 

that  DOES  believe  in  us?" 

"W~ll, isn't there any other agency that we  can  contact  that DOES 
believe in us?" 
--GRIN AND  BEAR IT  by  George Lichty,  from  Washington  Post 
and Publishers- Hall Syndicate,  March 3,  1968. 

393 

''Earth's surface temperature is under 100  degrefis.  In that frigid climate, 
there couldn't possibly  be  life as we  Venusians know  it." 

---SCIENCE WORLD,  copright  1963  by  Scholastic Magazines,  Inc.;  by 
Joseph  Farris. 

394 

!!!!9s=f1 (!I 
~)))> 

-.JJJ', _______  _ 

"Its another of those flying  saucer things." 

Copyright,  PUNCH.  By S.  McMurtry.  Sept.  13,  1967. 

395 

.  .;:;; 

"Stay calm,  Dr.  Condon  -- Ju3t tell them  you  don't believe in  them~ " 

-- The Denver Post,  Oct.  16,  1967,  by Oliphant. 

396 



"Definitely swamp gas!" 

-- Boulder  Daily Camera,  1968,  by Neil  Fisk. 

397 

" ••• Attr 
t 
which  0 

ibut\ble to  swamp g 
tha untrame 

" 
.  d seem ... 

as and other 

like phenomena c 

ree.ting illusions 

-- TRUE'  The Man s 

,  Magazine. 

398 



"If you ask me,  they know more about UFOs than  they're telling." 

-- TRUE,  The Man's Magazine. 

399 

-1 

''I  don't  get a  lot of  their art,  but they  know  how  to  do  a  realistic nude." 

--LOOK  Magazine,  by  ,Toseph  Farris. 


Librar1  of  Congress 
Science  and  Technoloi:',Y  Div. 
journal  articles,  pamphlets,  coni'arence 

proceedmgs,  tapes,  original manuscripts,  books  of  photographs,  cartoons, 
motbn  picture  films  and  other  sucil  material.  on  the  subject  of  unidentified 
fl.ving  objects  (UFOs),  totaling  more  than  l,600  separate  items,  with  author 
index.·· Canpiled  by  the  Library  of  Congress  under  AFOSR  project  orders  in 
support .or  AFOSR  contract  F4.'+620-67-C-0035  with  the  University  of  Colorado, 
entitled  11A .Scientific  Study  of  Unidentified  Fl.yinfl:  Objects." >Major  ~ate-
gories  incl~'de:  UFOs,  origin of  life, mankind,  solar  system,  extraterrestrial 
life,  e,t,  nJitors,  baJ.l  lightning  and  fireballs,  disc-like  aircra;.t't,  unidentified
  submarine  objects,  Fortaan  phen~mena,  UFOs  and  religion,  UFOs  and 
ti!!le,  r.ravity  and  anti-·gravity,  hollow  earth  theory,  disappearances,  cartoons, 
mirar,cs,  and  related  subjects. ' 

14.  Keyworals 

UFOs 
Colorado  UFO  project 
Condoo  report 

