============================================================================
Title Pages






EARTH: AN ALIEN ENTERPRISE





EARTH

AN ALIEN ENTERPRISE

the shocking truth behind   

the greatest cover-up in human history

timothy good
with a foreword by jonathan caplan qc

pegasus books

new york  london



earth: an alien enterprise

Pegasus Books LLC

80 Broad Street, 5th Floor

New York, NY 10004

First Pegasus Books cloth edition November 2013

First Pegasus Books trade paperback edition November 2014

Interior design by Maria Fernandez

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is available.

ISBN: 978-1-4804-4817-9

10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1

Printed in the United States of America

Distributed by Open Road Integrated Media, Inc.



For Professor Stefano Breccia 

(1945–2012)





CONTENTS

foreword by Jonathan Caplan QC 
Introduction

PART ONE 
Chapter one. Environmental Survey.
Chapter two. Galactic Guardians. 
Chapter three. Italian Developments.
Chapter four. Eisenhower and the Extraterrestrials.
Chapter five. Public Landings.
Chapter six. Tales from the Vienna Woods
Chapter seven. Infiltration 
Chapter eight. Airborne Encounters 
Chapter nine. 'A New World-If You Can Take It' 
Chapter ten. Gray Liaison 

PART TWO 
Chapter eleven. The Overlords 
Chapter twelve. Reluctant Guinea Pigs 
Chapter thirteen. Amicizia 
Chapter fourteen. Alternative Spacecraft 
Chapter fifteen. Technology Transfer.
Chapter sixteen. Leviathans of the Skies.
Chapter seventeen. Exploitation.
Chapter eighteen. Special Forces. 
Chapter nineteen. What on Earth? 
References 
Acknowledgments 
About the author 
Index 


EARTH

AN ALIEN ENTERPRISE




================================================================
Foreword
by Jonathan Caplan, QC

In any democratic society, a process for the proper evaluation of evidence 
is essential, usually within the context of criminal or civil proceedings or 
of public or governmental inquiries. We are used to assessing the credibility
 and reliability of witnesses and of seeking corroborative evidence 
where possible. We know that even honest witnesses may be mistaken, and 
many people have been sentenced to life imprisonment or even the death 
penalty on the strength of a single uncorroborated witness.

The history of the UFO phenomenon, going back to Biblical times, is 
essentially a record of human testimony of lights, objects, or events that 
cover  the  spectrum  from  the  unusual  to  the  high  strangeness  of  close 
encounters. No doubt the same can be said of paranormal phenomena. 
This record has its share of charlatans, those who are mistaken, and perhaps
 those who have been deceived by others-or even by themselves. But 
the fascinating feature of ufology is the core of honest, intelligent people 
in different eras and from different cultures all over the world, including 
many who are scientifically or aeronautically trained, who describe very 
similar objects or similar experiences of high strangeness which on any 
basis cannot be the product of a “black” research program. In many cases 
there are multiple witnesses or there is corroborative evidence in the form 
of photographic images, radar readings, or physical traces. For the lawyer, 
who too often has to make bricks out of straw, such a body of material 
represents a refreshingly strong case, particularly if examined in the same 
way in which we examine evidence in other contexts.

We cannot, of course, though, accept these accounts at face value. In the 
world we inhabit, all is often not what it seems, so how much more so in 
the world of ufology where our reference points, let alone our vocabulary, 
are wholly inadequate? This was the hard lesson of Shakespeare’s Macbeth
 who, having interpreted literally the predictions of the three ethereal 
witches that strongly implied his future safety, was left dejectedly to ponder 
that the “instruments of darkness” often “win us to our harm” by half-truths 
and “with honest trifles.”

And so to the question asked as long ago as 1955 by Captain Edward 
Ruppelt (the former head of the U.S. Air Force Project Bluebook): “What 
constitutes proof? Does a UFO have to land at the River Entrance to the 
Pentagon, near the Joint Chiefs of Staff offices?” The answer is no easier 
to provide after more than fifty years of further reports and investigations, 
despite the advent of the digital camera. UFOs seem to be a phenomenon 
that coexists with us and which is as baffling to an Israelite in the Sinai 
desert, or a medieval monk, or a modern fighter pilot or astronaut. That 
we are not alone is no longer in doubt. But at present that still remains an 
inference rather than a proven fact.

There are many powerful institutions that would balk at recognizing 
such proof even if a landing did occur at the Pentagon on prime-time television
. The risk of destabilizing organized government and religion would 
be too great, and the risk of advanced technology falling into the wrong 
hands would be greater. In that event, who is to call the shots on whether 
proof exists or not, especially if key evidence is to be concealed or confuted? 
If we cannot expect official and honest recognition, then maybe only the 
people can decide on the basis of the “evidence” that is placed before them. 
Maybe the much-criticized “new age” culture is the only way to combat the 
clandestine secrecy that certainly surrounds this subject.

We  owe  the  few  reliable  researchers  like  Timothy  Good  a  huge 
acknowledgment because they keep the record of this phenomenon, which 
may be all that we can do, and they get it into the public consciousness. 
TIMOTHY GOODI greatly admire the quality of his books and his perseverance. And I 
strongly suspect that the real value of his work will only be fully appreciated
 in years to come.

jonathan caplan is a well-known lawyer practicing in London and has 
acted in many high-profile cases. He was appointed a Queen’s Counsel in 
recognition of his standing in the profession. He has been interested in 
ufology for over forty years.



EARTH



================================================================
Introduction

Aliens “have landed on Earth, infiltrated British and American nuclear 
missile sites and sabotaged weapons, according to U.S. Air Force 
officers,” declared The Daily Telegraph in 2010, citing an extraordinary
 press conference held at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. 
“Six retired officers and one former non-commissioned officer claim to 
have gathered witness testimonies from more than 120 military personnel 
revealing the infiltration of nuclear sites by aliens as recently as 2003. In 
some cases, nuclear missiles supposedly malfunctioned while a disc-shaped 
object hovered nearby.”1

“We saw this thing-it was coming right at us and was as low as the 
car and huge,” reported Bruce and Priscilla Wetherill in January 2012, 
two years after an incident which had occurred between Gainford and 
Barnard Castle, in the Teesdale area of England’s Northern Pennines. 
“It was very frightening,” admitted Priscilla. “Bruce kept driving but 
we  both  ducked  down,  expecting  it  to  hit  us.  I  thought,  ‘This  is  it. 
We’ve had it.’”

Described as saucer-shaped, dark on top but glowing underneath and 
soundless, the object also had “steel-like tentacles hanging down.” At the 
last moment, it lifted up and narrowly missed the car before disappearing 
into the sky. The couple expected the car roof to have scratches, but none 
could be seen. “I’m a realist, but I know what I saw and it was unbelievable,” 
said Mr. Wetherill. “If I lived to two hundred I would never see anything 
like it again.” The couple came forward two years after the event, following 
a spate of sightings in Teesdale.2

Roy Shaw did not believe in aliens, ghosts, flying saucers-or anything 
he could not touch or explain. That is, until 2010-around the same period 
as the Wetherills’ experience. At about 21:30 on February 6th, he encountered
 a large craft of unknown origin while walking his dog in Phear Park, 
Exmouth, Devon.

“The object was round in shape and about thirty feet in diameter and a 
hundred feet long, with blue and red flashing lights on its perimeter, and 
it appeared to land at the top end of the park by the bowling green,” he 
described to local reporter Becca Gliddon. “My dog started to growl when 
what I can only describe as a white shape came toward us. It was about 
four feet high and seemed to be translucent, and moved very slowly toward 
us. I was transfixed because it made a droning sound. . . . I didn’t know 
where the sound was coming from but it was coming straight toward me. 
I immediately ran back down through the park.”

Mr. Shaw said the UFO seemed to hover over the hedge of the bowling 
green, then flew horizontally from left to right before immediately shooting 
off at high speed back to the left, at a 45-degree angle. It had “appeared 
from nowhere”-he did not see it actually land or fly overhead. His normally
 placid border collie dog ran away from it after baring its teeth at the 
approaching object. “I twisted my ankle when I ran like hell. My dog Syd 
kept whimpering and looking out of the bedroom window toward the park 
until at least two in the morning.

“I still can’t believe what I saw and I am still in a state of shock. Syd 
doesn’t like going back up there. Something put him off. Everybody thinks 
you are a crank when you report something like this. I am an engineer. I 
like to touch and feel things. If I can touch it, it exists, but there’s no way 
I can explain this.”3

Another dog-walker told Roy Shaw the following morning that he had 
also witnessed the incident.4

In August 2010, the Ministry of Defence released another of its voluminous
 (if often innocuous) files on reported UFO sightings and related 
correspondence. True to form, The Times remains behind the times-at 
least from an editorial standpoint-debunking the subject in its tendentious 
commentary on leading articles:

“In reality, there is exactly no evidence that Earth has ever been visited 
by spacecraft from other worlds, but reports of UFO sightings do form a 
pattern. They manifest the boundlessness of human credulity, which takes 
shifting forms in different ages but has a stubborn irrationalism at its core. 
. . . A culture of pseudoscience impoverishes the condition of the masses 
as well as the life of the mind.”5

In late December 1980, an extraordinary series of incidents occurred in 
Rendlesham Forest, adjoining the twin U.S. Air Forces Europe NATO 
bases  of  Bentwaters  and  Woodbridge  (81st  Tactical  Fighter  Wing), 
near  Ipswich,  Suffolk.  This  well-known  case-now  dubbed  “Britain’s 
Roswell”-was first revealed in a front-page story in 1983.6 On several 
nights,  security  patrolmen  observed  small,  remotely  controlled  probes, 
which at one stage beamed rays of light at the Bentwaters nuclear weapons 
storage area (where at the time more nuclear weapons were stored than 
anywhere else in Europe). Lieutenant Colonel Charles I. Halt, a deputy 
base commander at the time, witnessed a number of these events. Most dramatically
, an elongated triangular-shaped craft (associated with the smaller 
probes) landed in the forest in full view of a couple of security personnel, 
Staff Sergeant Jim Penniston and Airman First Class John Burroughs.7 In 
response to Col. Halt’s official memorandum to the Ministry of Defence at 
the time, detailing some of these events, the MoD has gone on the record 
stating repeatedly that the incidents were of “no defence significance.” At 
the Washington conference cited earlier, Halt hit back:

“The security services of both the United States and the United Kingdom 
have attempted, both then and now, to subvert the significance of what 
occurred at RAF Bentwaters by the use of well-practiced methods of disinformation
. The UFOs I saw were structured machines moving under intelligent
 control and operating beyond the realm of anything I have ever seen 
before or since. I believe the objects I saw were extra-terrestrial in origin.”8
As admitted in Ministry of Defence documents released in early 2011, 
certain intelligence papers relating to the Rendlesham Forest incident have 
gone missing. “The files reveal the MoD received a request for its own 
records of the incident in 2000, but when officials looked they discovered a 
‘huge’ gap where defence intelligence files relating to it should be,” reported 
Neil Henderson of BBC News. “The hunt generated a series of notes, with 
one official speculating that ‘it could be interpreted to mean that a deliberate 
attempt had been made to eradicate the records covering this incident.’”9

In 2011, U.S. Air Force Colonel Theodore “Ted” Conrad, base commander 
of Bentwaters and Woodbridge at the time of the multiple Rendlesham Forest 
incidents, provided David Clarke, a skeptic and adviser on UFO matters 
to the National Archives, with a series of statements condemning Halt’s 
testimony. “We saw nothing that resembled Lt. Col. Halt’s descriptions 
either in the sky or on the ground,” he claimed. “We had people in position
 to validate Halt’s narrative, but none of them could.” There was no 
“hard  evidence”  of  anything  suspicious,  he  continued,  adding  that  the 
Geiger counter radiation readings at the landing site were later found to 
indicate “normal” levels of radiation. All of which is strongly disputed by 
the witnesses and by Nick Pope, a former MoD UFO investigator who 
later requisitioned the relevant data proving otherwise.

Halt “should be ashamed and embarrassed by his allegation that his 
country  and  England  both  conspired  to  deceive  their  citizens  over  this 
issue,” Conrad’s diatribe-revealed in The Sunday Telegraph-continued. 
He  also  disputed  the  subsequent  testimony  of  Penniston,  a  security 
policeman who was in the woods on the first night of the sightings and 
has since claimed he touched the alien spacecraft. “Although he cannot 
explain the subsequent accounts of his subordinates,” reported Jasper Cop-
ping, “Col. Conrad said he thought the incident may have been a hoax.”

“I don’t think anyone, least of all Conrad, doubts that Halt and his men 
saw  ‘something,’”  said  Clarke.  “They  had  an  extraordinary  experience 
[which] would remain extraordinary regardless of whether ultimately it 
was a lighthouse or poachers’ lanterns-which has also been suggested. 
But Col. Conrad is responsible for the only proper investigation of this 
incident. He went to look and if there was anything to be seen, I cannot 
see how he could not have seen it.”10

I have remained in contact with Col. Charles “Chuck” Halt periodically 
since the Rendlesham case was first revealed in 1983. “The fact is, [Conrad] 
never investigated,” he told me when the article was published:
“I took Penniston, Burroughs and the others to him and then took him out 
into the forest (with his whole family). He didn’t even know where the site was 
but now claims he was out there the day before. . . . Up until now he denied 
being in contact with me on that night and now he says he was, and was out 
in the yard. I guess he fails to remember telling me on the radio he could see 
something. He also doesn’t know U.S. and U.K. radar picked up an object and 
the Bentwaters Tower Operators saw the object streak by and go down into 
the forest. My memo was typed in our office and he reviewed it and showed it 
to [Colonel Gordon] Williams before it was given to [Squadron Leader] Don 
Moreland. He and Williams wanted to stay at a distance. . . .”11

“Ted Conrad is either having memory problems, has his head in the sand, 
or continuing the cover-up,” wrote Halt (in part) to Jasper Copping. “When 
I talked with Gordon Williams, neither he nor Conrad wanted their name 
mentioned with the incident. Thus, I was directed to get with Don More-
land (RAF) and see what he wanted as it was to become a British affair. 
I did so and he asked for a memo. I wrote it and it was typed by Conrad’s 
Secretary. Conrad read it, showed it to Williams, and both approved. It 
was never meant for public dissemination. . . . I suppose having to look for 
details or the truth is less important than the ‘story.’ It’s sad, but I’ve come 
to understand how the mainstream press works. Truth gives way to the 
‘Story.’ Prove me wrong.”12 The letter was not published.

“I’ve  heard  many  people  say  that  it’s  time  for  the  government  to 
appoint  an  agency  to  investigate,”  said  Halt  during  a  conference  on 
the subject at the National Atomic Testing Museum, New Mexico, in 
association with the Smithsonian Institution, in September 2012. “Folks, 
there is an agency, a very close-held, compartmentalized agency that’s been 
investigating this for years, and there’s a very active role played by many of 
our intelligence agencies that probably don’t even know the details of what 
happens once they collect the data and forward it. . . . In the last couple 
of years, the British have released a ton of information, but has anybody 
ever seen what their conclusions were or heard anything about Bentwaters 
officially? When the documents were released, the timeframe when I was 
involved in the incident is missing. Nothing else is missing. . . .”13

In September 2010, a major airport in China was reportedly forced to 
close down following an intrusion by a UFO. The “flat and tubular” object 
hovered two miles from Bootee in Inner Mongolia. “Astonished officials say 
it then zoomed in to circle the airport before suddenly vanishing,” reported 
The Sun. “Three flights from Beijing and Shanghai were diverted to nearby 
airports. It is the third mysterious UFO sighting this year to have resulted 
in Chinese airfields being closed. Xiaoshan, in Zhejiang province, shut for 
a few days in July after an ‘oddly-shaped, twinkling bright light’ was seen 
nearby. Another scare was reported in the summer at Hong Kong.

“The latest UFO was spotted by air traffic controllers in Inner Mongolia
’s capital Hoot on radar screens. But they could not make radio contact 
with it and immediately warned Bootee. A spokeswoman said: ‘Aircraft had 
to land at secondary airports to avoid a collision.’ The airport was closed 
for around an hour last month. The Chinese authorities have refused to 
comment but some experts believe the three sightings could be evidence 
of a new Chinese military aircraft.”

Asked for a comment, Nick Pope declared: “Whatever you think about 
UFOs, there are serious national security and air safety issues involved.”14
On August 3, 2011, Mike Sewell, a sports journalist for BBC Radio 
5 Live, described his encounter with a flying craft while driving through 
the village of Cottered, near Buntingford, Hertfordshire, at 04:15 that 
morning. “There was this big bright light in the sky descending toward the 
road,” he reported to Radio 5 Live presenter Nicky Campbell via his cell 
phone shortly afterwards. “It was certainly a kind of-and I dread saying 
this-disc shape. As it got closer, it then banked to the left [and] went 
across the countryside and just sat or circled a certain area above the field. 
I could see underneath it. It wasn’t an aeroplane, and it wasn’t a helicopter. 
. . . It had several lights flashing all around it.” Underneath could be seen 
at least two large, soft white panel lights. A driver in front also observed 
the craft.15, 16 A few hours later, I was interviewed by Nicky and offered my 
opinion that the craft might have been “one of ours.”

On June 16, 2012, two glowing unidentified objects were reported to 
have buzzed the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft a few minutes after its launch in 
the Gobi Desert. The objects were recorded by an infrared video camera 
monitoring the launch and spotted on a screen at a control center in Beijing 
about four minutes after the Long March-2F rocket had blasted off from 
the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in northwest China’s Gansu Province. 

According to Wang Sichao, an astronomer and UFO expert at Nanjing 
Purple Mountain Observatory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the 
objects  “couldn’t  be  planes,  meteors,  birds  or  separated  parts  from  the 
rocket.”  The  Shenzhou-9’s  crew  of  three  included  China’s  first  female 
astronaut, Liu Yang.17

In November 2012, several international news outlets reported numerous 
sightings of UFOs by Indian Army troops in the Ladakh region of Jammu 
and Kashmir. And between August 1 and October 15 that year, an Indo-
Tibetan border police force unit deployed in Thakung, near the Pangong 
Tso Lake, reported over a hundred sightings of “unidentified luminous 
objects” (ULOs). Apparently neither the Indian Army, the Indian Space 
Research Organization, the Defence Research Development Organization, 
nor the National Technical Research Organization were able to identify 
these objects. By day and night, the “yellow spheres” were seen to rise up 
on the horizon from the Chinese side of the border, gliding across the skies 
for three to four hours before disappearing. “Something is clearly wrong 
if our combined scientific resources can’t explain the phenomena,” said a 
senior Army official in Delhi. “These objects may be a crude psychological 
operation put forth by the Chinese or sophisticated probes to gauge India’s 
defense  preparedness  in  Ladakh.”  However,  unmanned  aerial  vehicles 
(UAVs) and Chinese drones, at least, were ruled out.18 To me, the most 
likely explanation could be the ubiquitous “Chinese lanterns,” though their 
candle-powered flight duration is normally a great deal shorter than is 
described in the above report.

According to Pravda (Прaвдa-“Truth”), half of the entire Chinese 
population believes in UFOs.19 And hundreds, possibly thousands, of Chinese
 scientists are involved in research. Sun Shili, a former foreign minister 
official and chairman of the Beijing UFO Research Society, firmly believes 
extraterrestrials are living among us.20 I share that view. In common with 
thousands of people around the world, I have had personal experiences, 
described herein.

In 2011, Nick Pope openly admitted to having been part of an official 
U.K. policy to ridicule UFO reports, in commenting on the release by the 
MoD in August of yet another huge batch of previously classified (mostly 
at a low grade) UFO-related reports, typically from members of the public, 
totaling about nine thousand pages covering the period from 1985 to 2007. 
During that period (1991–94), Nick was in charge of the official MoD unit. 
“What’s abundantly clear from these files is that while in public we were 
desperately pushing the line that this was of no defense interest,” he told 
the Huffington Post, “we couldn’t say ‘There’s something in our air space; 
pilots see them; they’re tracked on radar; sometimes we scramble jets to 
chase these things, but we can’t catch them.’ This would be an admission 
that we’d lost control of our own air space, and such an admission would 
be untenable. . . .”

“To really achieve our policy of downplaying the UFO phenomenon, 
we would use a combination of ‘spin and dirty tricks.’ We used terms like 
‘UFO buffs’ and ‘UFO spotters’-terms that mean these people are nut-
jobs. In other words, we were implying that this is just a very somewhat 
quaint hobby that people have, as opposed to a serious research interest. 
. . . Another trick would be deliberately using phrases like ‘little green 
men.’ We were trying to do two things: either to kill any media story on 
the subject, or, if a media story ran, ensure that it ran in such a way that 
it would make the subject seem ridiculous and that it would make people 
who were interested in this seem ridiculous.”

Nick Pope further admits that he may have been the one who drafted 
actual MoD statements contributing to the ridicule policy. “If it was my 
words, then I apologize, I’m very sorry for that,” he confessed. “I believe 
in open government and freedom of information. I believe that the UFO 
phenomenon does raise important defence, national security, and air safety 
issues, and if I helped kill any initiative on that, I’m deeply sorry. . . .”21

As Stephen Bassett, director of Paradigm Research Group, quips: “It’s 
not just about lights in the sky: it’s about lies on the ground.”

In recent years, by way of demeaning the subject, the media frequently 
belittles  those  involved  in  UFO  research  as  “conspiracy  theorists.”  But 
conspiracies there are, and researchers are justified in theorizing thereon.
In 2012, Nick Pope commented publicly on an extraordinary photo of a 
UFO received at the MoD. “The saga began on 4 August 1990 when two 
members of the public out walking in the vicinity of Calvine, near Pit-
lochry, in Scotland, sighted a massive, diamond-shaped, metallic UFO. The 
UFO was virtually stationary and hovered silently for what the witnesses 
believe was several minutes, before accelerating away vertically at massive 
speed. During the sighting, a military aircraft, believed to be a Harrier, was 
seen, but it wasn’t clear if it was escorting the craft, attempting to intercept 
it, or whether the pilot was ever aware of it at all.

“A number of color photographs were taken and passed to the Scottish 
Daily Record, who in turn contacted the MoD, probably because they were 
seeking a comment for the story. It’s not clear what happened next, because 
I didn’t join the MoD’s UFO project until 1991 and this investigation was 
handled by my predecessor. It seems that, somehow, MoD managed to 
persuade the reporter to part with not just the photos, but the negatives.

“The  photos  were  then  sent  to  the  Defence  Intelligence  Staff  (DIS) 
who then sent them on to imagery analysis at JARIC (Joint Air Reconnaissance
 Intelligence Centre). Yet at the time, MoD hadn’t even publicly 
acknowledged that there was any intelligence interest in UFOs at all. The 
whole situation was positively Orwellian. On the one hand, our line to 
Parliament, the media, and the public was that UFOs were of ‘no defence 
significance.’ We implied and sometimes stated that we didn’t ‘investigate’ 
UFOs, but merely ‘examined sightings to see if anything reported was of 
any defence interest’-as if the two were somehow different!

“So why the MoD interest and secrecy? Though we’d never say so publicly
, the bottom line was that we wanted the technology. . . . I first came 
across this story in 1991, when I joined the UFO project. A poster-sized 
enlargement of the best photo was prominently displayed on the office wall 
[and] I asked my DIS opposite number about the image. I was told that 
the official assessment was that the photos were real and the craft had a 
diameter of around 25 meters (over 80 feet). At one particularly surreal 
briefing on the UFO phenomenon, my DIS opposite number indicated the 
photo and pointed his finger to the right: ‘It’s not the Americans,’ he said 
before pointing to the left and saying ‘and it’s not the Russians.’ There was 
a pause, before he concluded ‘and that only leaves. . . .’-his voice trailed 
off and he didn’t complete the sentence, but his finger was pointing directly 
upwards. . . .

“What happened next? The suspicion was that someone had shredded 
the photo, but whatever the truth of the matter, it was never seen again. . . . 
Despite the various media interviews that I did on this story, and associated 
public appeals, the witnesses have never come forward. Neither has anyone at 
the Scottish Daily Record (or any other Scottish newspaper) come forward to 
say that they worked on this story back in 1990. . . . In their desperation 
to acquire the photos/negatives (and maybe kill the story), maybe DIS staff 
somehow tricked the journalist into handing over all the material and never 
gave it back. If the journalist hadn’t briefed the editor, he may have stayed silent 
out of embarrassment. Similarly, maybe the witnesses were told that it would 
be better if they didn’t discuss what they’d seen and took this as a threat. . . .
“I don’t know if the photos or negatives will ever turn up, but I certainly 
hope they do. Because whatever people’s views on UFOs, these are the 
photos that changed the minds of numerous skeptical civil servants, military 
personnel, and intelligence specialists. I should know. I was one of them.”22
The  Ministry  of  Defence  claims  that  it  no  longer  investigates  UFO 
reports.

Interestingly,  on  November  5,  2012,  a  “diamond-shaped”  UFO  in 
Pitlochry was filmed several times on video and mobile phone by Adrian 
Musat, a Romanian chef. At 07:30, while looking out of the window of his 
flat, he spotted the object hovering above Clunie Wood. “I saw this light 
pulsing about a mile away,” he told a reporter. “It wasn’t on the ground but 
floating above the trees and moving left to right, [then forty minutes later] 
just disappeared, as if it ‘switched off.’”

Later that day, at around 17:00, Musat saw the object again. “For about 
twenty-five minutes I saw a small red cloud above the object. All the other 
clouds were moving across the sky, but this one stayed above the object 
all the time. It stayed until after 6  p.m. It didn’t make any noise.” He 
described the craft as being around five meters wide and changing color.
“I’m a little skeptical on this one,” commented Nick Pope. “Many dia-
mond-shaped UFOs turn out to be caused by a camera effect. When people 
zoom in on a bright light source, the iris opening creates a diamond-shaped 
image which is effectively superimposed on to the light.”23 Correct-in 
some cases. But the fact remains that an unknown craft was seen on two 
occasions that day by several witnesses. And some of the images clearly 
reveal a structured craft.

“Belief in the alien phenomenon is now more widespread than ever, with 
many wondering how we and our governments would react to the news that 
aliens existed,” declared Nick in October 2012, during his promotion of a 
new video game. He also maintains that figures show that twenty percent 
of the U.K. believe UFOs have landed.24

It  is  unfortunate  that  the  acronym  “UFO”  has  become  synonymous 
with  “alien  spacecraft.”  Hence,  the  commonly  asked  question  “Do  you 
believe in UFOs?” is redundant in this context. A UFO is an “unidentified 
flying object” per se. It may be an alien craft, but in the vast majority of 
cases-90% or more-it turns out to be nothing of the sort. Conventional 
aircraft (and/or their landing lights), balloons, planets (such as Venus), 
stars  and  satellites,  the  International  Space  Station,  and  so  on  account 
for many observations. And in recent years, a proliferation of “Chinese 
lanterns”  is  responsible  for  the  large  percentage  of  sightings  appearing 
in the local and national newspaper reports I regularly receive from my 
press-cutting agency and other sources. I should also mention here the 
presence of “USOs”-unidentified submergible objects-which continue 
to be reported in our seas.25

This book examines in-depth claims that the United States in particular, 
and some other countries, including the U.K., have developed advanced 
spacecraft,  thanks  partly  to  the  recovery  of  a  number  of  crashed  alien 
vehicles and, more comprehensively, an alien liaison program. I also feature 
numerous reports of encounters and contacts with aliens of varying types, 
many of them published here for the first time. As will become evident, 
some of these aliens have our best interests at heart. Others do not. We are 
not the only ones with a vested interest in Earth.

Earth: An Alien Enterprise is dedicated to Professor Stefano Breccia, who 
sadly died prematurely in March 2012. One of the most remarkable men 
I have ever met, Stefano magnanimously provided me with an abundance 
of information relating to the “Amicizia” group of aliens and those humans 
collaborating with them, described herein. His extraordinary acumen has 
widened my horizons, as no other, to the complex panoramas of this multifaceted
 subject. . . .






p a r t   o n e




============================================================
Chapter 1. ENVIRONMENTAL SURVEY

It was a late afternoon in the summer of 1932. A mile and a half east of 
Killdeer, North Dakota, two farm boys, twelve-year-old Leo Dworshak 
and his younger brother Mike, had finished their chores for the day and 
were exploring a grassy hilltop near the farm. It was little Mike who first 
spotted a strange object in the valley below.

“It  was  a  huge,  round  thing,”  Leo  recounts  in  his  remarkable  book, 
UFOs Are With Us-Take My Word.1 “We just stood there gaping at it and 
began excitedly discussing what it was doing down there and trying our 
best to understand just what we were seeing. It was silvery, and although 
it was probably more than half a mile away, we could tell it was certainly 
as big as our barn, maybe even bigger. It appeared to be perfectly round 
[and] I counted many different colors of light on it that came from a band 
around the edge.

“I thought it must be a machine because it was rotating in a complicated
 way. The flashing colored lights formed an outer shell, like 
a band or belt that went completely around it at the widest point and 
was turning one way. The inner shell seemed to be standing still or perhaps 
turning the other way. . . . It was totally silent and produced no cloud 
of exhaust fumes or smoke.
“We stood there on the hilltop for some time, just watching that incredible
 machine. . . . Then we decided to try to get closer for a better look. 
As we began to walk downhill toward the machine, we were still more 
amazed to find our way blocked by an invisible force that would not let us 
get any closer. It was as if we were bumping up against an invisible fence 
or wall. We encountered that invisible ‘something’ again and again, sliding 
to one side and the other against its unyielding surface. Finally we gave 
up our efforts to approach it and just sat on the hillside next to the barrier, 
watching the machine and debating the situation. . . .”

The  boys  renewed  their  efforts  to  penetrate  the  invisible  barrier  by 
approaching it from different directions. To no avail. “Finally we just sat 
back down and watched,” Leo continued.

“Before too long, we saw the curious rotation slow and eventually stop, 
and the colorful lights stopped blinking at the edge of the machine. We 
also noticed that the outer shell now had an opening [that] had somehow 
opened up in the side of the machine. Out of it came three people who 
walked down a sort of ramp that, just as miraculously, sprouted out of the 
side of the machine. They stood in the dry weeds beside their enormous, 
silvery machine. . . .

“We watched the distant figures very closely and saw that they were all 
wearing the same type and color of suit or coverall. These people walked 
only a short distance from the machine and moved around near it. . . . 
They finally returned to the machine and closed the door, and the ramp 
just went away again.”

The  boys  were  anxious  to  return  to  their  farmhouse  near  Killdeer, 
a  long walk away, in time for dinner. They refrained from telling the 
rest of the family what had happened. The next day, they hiked directly 
back to  the  hillside,  but  the  huge  machine  was  nowhere  to  be  seen, 
nor did they see it again until two weeks later.

“It was mid-afternoon as we stood in the same valley, looking at the 
ground, and puzzling about how there was no sign that anyone had even 
walked here,” wrote Leo. “I cannot explain why, but our senses somehow 
told us to look up. There, high in the sky and almost straight above us, we 
saw the machine. It was flying! It was an airship! We quickly moved back 
up the hillside and out of the way behind some bushes. The airship we had 
spotted was now slowly nearing the valley floor. It was clearly coming in 
for a landing.

“We could sense a strange stillness that grew about us. This stillness 
gave us the first hint I can remember of a feeling that these people could 
stop all movement around them at any given time. . . . I am certain we were 
the only witnesses to the ship’s landing. The appearance of the ship was the 
same as we remembered from our first sighting-a mirror-like exterior with 
a central rotating band that emitted colored lights. When the ship came to 
rest, the rotating band slowed to a stop, and the lights went out as before.”
Once the craft had landed-on four legs with pads at the end of each-
the  boys  were  again  prevented  by  the  mysterious  invisible  force  from 
approaching. “We noticed nothing was moving, not a blade of grass or the 
branches on the bushes,” Leo continued. “While we sat by the barrier and 
watched this huge machine, the strange door started to open again. . . .

“A total of six men emerged from the door and walked down the ramp. 
They were dressed in a different kind of uniform than when we first saw 
them, but we were somehow certain they were the same men as we saw before. 
We were close enough to see that they now wore a shirt-slack type of clothing 
that looked quite comfortable. We wished we had such fine clothes, instead 
of our ragged overalls and patched cotton shirts.

“The men began doing something that looked peculiar. We couldn’t 
figure out what they were up to. All six men would repeatedly reach down 
to the ground and apparently pick up something from the earth. Whether 
or not they took it with them, we could not tell. I don’t know why, but I 
was convinced they could see us. . . .”

The boys stayed for an hour or so but, as before, needed to return home 
for supper. “Mike and I were not happy about leaving, but the length of the 
shadows and the position of the sun told us our time that day was up. . . .”
Leo and Mike decided to tell their parents. “Mom and Dad listened 
patiently to our excited story,” explained Leo. “They agreed with us that 
something like this machine, this airship, could exist, but advised us just to 
forget about everything we had told them. We were very, very disappointed 
at their response to what was for us the most exciting experience of our lives.”
The next day, Leo and Mike went into Killdeer, anxious to discuss the 
matter with their friend Mr. Brooks (described for me by Leo’s friend Barry 
Potter as “an educated, well-traveled man-Killdeer’s cosmopolitan intellectual
”), who operated the grain elevator and who they thought might be 
able to explain what they’d seen. “One of our theories about the machine,” 
said Leo, “was that it was a new government plan for killing the hordes of 
grasshoppers that were eating our crops. We thought these people might 
be part of a government project to spray the countryside with DDT, a new 
chemical that was supposed to kill troublesome insects like grasshoppers 
and mosquitoes.” (DDT, per se, was not introduced until 1939. However, 
as Barry explained to me, Leo had described spray units driving through 
Killdeer around this time, fogging the neighborhoods with what he referred 
to as DDT.)

“Boys, I don’t think you are crazy,” said Mr. Brooks. “I saw one of those 
things flying through the air without a sound. It was definitely some kind 
of  airship.  What  I  saw  fits  right  in  with  what  you  have  seen.”  He  was 
mystified, however, that the machine made no sound, such as produced 
by Zeppelins, for example.

“In those days, people did not even mention things like what we had 
seen,” Leo explained. “The talk was about the drought and the depression 
and the government and local doings. Many families went broke in those 
times and gave up, auctioning the farm to pay the bills and then leaving 
town. That is part of the reason Mike and I were not afraid when we first 
saw the ship and the men. I felt that they would do us no harm and might, 
in some way, help us out. I don’t know why I felt like that, but I was convinced
 we were safe with them. . . .”

Although the boys visited the site repeatedly, it was weeks before they 
had another encounter. “One afternoon,” Leo recounted, “our persistence 
was rewarded and we again watched the ship come in for a landing. This 
time, we were about 800 feet from the spaceship when we encountered their 
invisible wall, the closest we had been to them yet. I still figured there must 
be some way we could get closer, and somehow get to talk to these men. 
We waved and hollered, but to no avail.”

Many return trips proved uneventful, though others brought insights 
about the strangers. The boys would check the actual landing area for signs 
of the landed machine, but found no markings of any kind. “The earth was 
completely undisturbed,” observed Leo. “I thought it was mighty strange 
that there was no sign of any heavy object having landed there [and that] 
surely those four mighty prongs beneath the ship would have left some 
holes in the ground.”

One afternoon the boys watched a jackrabbit bounce off the invisible 
“force field.” “The rabbit [then] nuzzled up against the ‘wall’ with what 
must have been a sore nose, moved along it one way and the other, and 
then just hopped off. . . .

“We got a peaceful feeling from [the men]. Their movements near the 
ship were peaceful and purposeful. I got the feeling they probably were 
making a survey of some kind. We always thought of them as men, people, 
humans like us. . . . Neither of us could quite accept the fact that these 
people might be from a very distant planet, yet both of us were able to sit 
there and think about the possibility.”

Leo describes the departure of the spaceship. “There was no sound, but 
we could distinctly feel the earth vibrating,” he explained. “This vibration 
continued for long moments until we wondered what was going to happen. 
Then we heard a slight hum, and the vibration ended. It was the first time 
I ever heard anything like a mechanical sound associated with the ship. 
The outer shell of the ship started turning, rotating faster and faster with 
perfect smoothness. Then it suddenly started rising. . . .

“Those four tremendous prongs, which were maybe four feet by eight 
feet, began receding into the body of this flying machine. Again the earth 
started vibrating and we heard this slight hum. It was not loud enough to 
draw attention for any distance at all. Then the ship started lifting higher, 
going straight up. A tremendous amount of colored light flashed out from 
the ship. It kept going straight up. The speed was so great that when it got 
about ten or fifteen feet off the ground, it completely vanished. . . .”

“It is significant,” Barry pointed out to me, “that although the ship was 
literally as big as a barn, it did not exert enough force on the earth to leave 
‘footprints.’ The four-foot   eight-foot prongs would imply four contact 
points with earth, each the size of two coffins side by side. Perhaps the 
prongs  served  an  electrical  grounding  function  rather  than  providing 
mainly structural support. Vibration ended when the prongs left the earth.”2
Leo wished they could have taken photographs, but the cost of a camera, 
films, and processing was beyond most adults in those difficult times. Leo 
also expressed doubt that the unusual men would want any photographs 
taken. Attempts to obtain proof were further stalled when the boys failed 
to persuade some of their playmates to accompany them on their trips.

Another landing occurred toward the end of August 1932. On this occasion
 the brothers were a little closer than before. “As the ship approached 
the ground, we found ourselves immersed in the invisible field of force. 
It came over us like a flood of water that got thicker and thicker as the 
ship dropped lower and lower until we could not move. Always before, we 
couldn’t get any closer. Now we couldn’t get out. We were caught inside 
the shell of force and were unable to free ourselves, no matter how hard 
we tried. . . .

“We were just sitting on the ground and watched the door open and the 
men appear again. The door was so different from any doors we had ever 
seen, and it opened in such a very unusual way, I have no words to describe 
it. Anything capable of traveling at such a great speed, I reasoned, would 
have to be very complex. . . . We thought if we could get close enough to 
them, we might be able to talk with them. I knew this wouldn’t be easy 
and I was a little scared to try it . . . but they held us in their forces. We 
could not get any closer to them [so] we just sat there keeping an eye on 
that ship. They had come here for some other reason than just advertising.
“Here we were, trapped maybe two or three hundred feet from the ship, 
fighting our feelings of panic. I wish I could adequately convey the way 
we were rapidly alternating from feelings of fear to safety, from doubt 
to curiosity, from wonderment to speculation. The great intensity of the 
experience is very memorable to this day. . . . They gave us the feeling 
that they were very interested in what was happening with the plants and 
creatures in the countryside. These impressions were entering our minds 
just like our own thoughts.”

Three days later, on August 28, at around eight in the evening, the craft 
returned to the valley. “As we approached the ship, moving carefully down 
the brushy, uneven hillside, we could see them moving about, strangely 
illuminated in the growing shadows. We again found ourselves blocked by 
that invisible force, but we were now far closer than we’d ever been. By this 
time, we had concluded the barrier was like a magnetic force that affected 
people and animals instead of iron and steel. . . .
“Six  men  were  outside  the  craft,  all  about  the  same  build  and  size, 
between five and six feet tall, wearing a similar light coverall or jumpsuit. 
They appeared to be smooth-faced, with no sign of a beard or moustache. 
The men near the ship often bent down and touched the ground. From 
a distance of no more than forty feet, Mike began waving and yelling at 
them and shaking the bushes to attract their attention, which resulted in 
the invisible force-field preventing any further approach.”

Although convinced the craft was an airship of some kind, at no point 
did Leo and Mike think the operators were from another planet. “I had 
to agree with Mike that I didn’t think they were Americans,” said Leo. 
“Maybe they were Canadians, though most of the Canadians we had seen 
looked  like  ordinary  North  Dakota  Americans  to  us.”  However,  once 
the ship had taken off with the familiar spectacular display of brilliant 
colored lights, and the boys were walking home under the stars, having 
been released from the force-field, they began to wonder what place the 
travelers called home.

The boys revisited the landing site the following day at dawn, hoping 
for another encounter, but nothing happened. They went home, returning 
to the site in the early afternoon. Again, nothing. But following a hunch, 
Leo told Mike that they should wait for a while. “After we spent only a 
short time on the hilltop, our ship approached,” said Leo. “We could not 
understand how, but we felt they had some way they could land the ship 
and depart again without being seen. We had experienced this before. 
When we watched them take off, the minute they got a few feet above 
the ground, we lost sight of them. They were just gone. The feeling was 
growing in us that they were instantly moving so fast that they were just 
invisible to us [and] if they could move out that quickly, they could certainly 
slow their ship just as quickly.”

As the boys tried to approach the ship, they were blocked as usual by the 
force-field-but this time while they were still very near the hilltop. Mike 
worried that the men might have lost some confidence because of the way 
he’d acted the previous night. “They did not want us any closer,” said Leo, 
“but again we finally managed to draw their attention. They raised their 
hands and then mostly ignored us. As we stood watching and speculating 
about them, we could feel them looking us over, examining us in some 
way I could not quite define. We felt they were definitely interested in us 
in a friendly way. . . .

“Whatever it was they were doing, they were very busy about it, coming 
and going from the ship with small parcels and odd gadgets we couldn’t 
quite see. There could have been dozens of them inside, but we never saw 
more than six of them outside at one time. As before, they all wore similar 
clothing, the coveralls I admired. There were no visible buttons or even a 
seam in front that might be hiding the buttons. . . .

“After a time, the activity near the ship died down until only one of them 
remained outside, wandering here and there with no pattern. He came 
quite close to us, maybe ten or twelve feet away. Whatever was holding us 
seemed to have no effect upon him. He looked directly at us and smiled in 
a peaceful and friendly way, raising his hand with the palm open toward 
us. Then he turned and walked directly back to the ramp and entered the 
ship. Although the ramp retracted into the ship and the strange door closed, 
nothing else happened.”

After  the  door  closed,  the  boys  were  released  from  the  force-field. 
Though tempted to approach the ship, they decided it would be unwise.

On arriving back at the farm-this time late for supper-so engrossed 
were the boys with the day’s encounter that they were unable to eat. “There 
was no thought of mentioning what happened to us that night,” explained 
Leo. “Our parents still thought we were imagining all these things and 
Mom was unhappy and worried because we did not eat. . . .

“When I think back now, I know their huge ship was the key to our 
interest in them. As individuals, they were not all that much different from 
ordinary people. If you dressed them in ordinary clothing, you would pass 
one of them in a strange town without blinking an eye. We were quite 
convinced that if they could build and fly this amazing airship, they could 
do many other exciting things we could only imagine. By now, we had 
begun to suspect they could somehow control the weather,3 because the 
conditions were always calm and clear each time they landed . . . I knew 
that one day we would come into closer contact with them, but did not 
know if we would ever be allowed to enter that spaceship.”

One day, worried about becoming involved in some kind of serious situation
 with the men in the airship, the brothers felt compelled once more to 
tell their parents. “I am sure they noticed how we had developed knowledge 
they could not account for,” said Leo. “They listened to our excited words, 
but watching them, I don’t think they quite believed us.”

FIRST CONTACT

Early one evening, following numerous unsuccessful trips to the site, the 
boys had another close encounter with the mysterious men and their flying 
machine. “As we started down the hill,” said Leo, “we found ourselves in 
quite a different situation than before. The magnetic force they used to 
keep us at a distance was behind us and we were free to walk cautiously up 
toward the landing site. . . .

“As we approached the ship, these people were outside with smiles on 
their faces. They were very calm [and] just went about their exercises and 
made us feel welcome, like we weren’t in the way. We stopped our approach 
at maybe eight or ten feet from the nearest of them, and just stood there 
watching. . . . We could hear no sounds in the strange stillness so near the 
tremendous  ship.4  This  close,  we  were  nearly  overwhelmed  by  its  huge 
dimensions. . . .

“These  men  were  so  ordinary  looking  in  one  way  and  so  exotic  in 
another. I noticed that they had light brown hair that was cut much the 
same as Mom cut ours. Their complexion was very light beige, resembling a 
good tan. Their eyes were blue with a dark pupil. I would guess their weight 
to be about 140 pounds, since they were a little taller and more heavily built 
than my father. . . . All of them looked to me to weigh about the same and 
be about the same size and build. Their hands and feet were shaped like 
ours, but their shoes were totally unlike our own, without laces or soles.

“The fabric of their clothing was very unusual, with a subtle pattern visible
 only when the light was just right. The color and cut of the uniform was 
the same from a distance, but that subtle pattern was different from one to 
another of them. Their otherwise identical uniforms looked like they were 
neatly pressed, but did not have badges or any other insignia that might 
show rank, like our soldiers did. These men were as alike as peas in a pod.
“Now that we were up close to it, we found the color of the ship to be 
a light blue that blended smoothly into the color of the sky. When viewed 
against the sky, the ship was strangely difficult to detect, either close up 
or from a distance. There was sort of a haze to it. We just stood there and 
looked back and forth from the ship to the men. They occasionally looked 
at us and smiled, then continued with their exercises. I was able to talk 
German probably better than English at that time, although our tongues 
were tied and we just couldn’t speak.

“There were three of them, and they stood there and looked at us. They 
appeared to be very relaxed with that unusual smile on their faces. Their 
smile was like ours [and] maybe more gentle than any smile I have ever 
seen.”

When Mike tried talking (in a mixture of English and German) to the 
closest man, they all merely continued with their “exercises.” Two of the men 
walked back into the ship and another came out, walked over to the boys and 
said, in German, “I can speak your language,” and then, in English, “We 
speak all languages of all people on your planet.”

“We asked them some questions, not very deep questions, because we 
felt curiously tongue-tied,” explained Leo. “We had meant to ask a million 
questions, but in the end we asked very few. The conversation with him 
lasted for only a few minutes.”

Leo now noticed that the men were wearing thin, light-colored gloves. 

No women were on board. I asked Leo why this was so.

“There are women,” he responded, “but I never met them.”5
The  brothers  were  hoping  to  be  invited  on  board.  But  it  was  not  to 
be. Finally, one of the men approached the boys and addressed them, in 
perfect German:

“You have had quite an experience with us [and] shown great determination
 in coming to visit us again and again. You have seen much, you have 
learned much, and you know more about us than most people in your world. 
No one will believe you when you tell them about us,” and, addressing Leo, 
“not until you are an old man. . . . In your own minds, you will always know 
the truth about what you have experienced and felt.” The man repeated 
this in English, then continued in German:

“We are very real and we are from another galaxy. We have traveled to 
your planet for over five thousand years. We are from a place far beyond your 
world by millions of years in time. We continue traveling to your planet 
because it is part of our responsibility. We are showing you a small part 
of what you can expect in the future. You cannot learn everything at one 
time without rest. You will see us again before long. . . .”

“Leo used the term ‘galaxy’ very loosely,” Barry advised me. “I got the 
impression that, in his mind, the term would apply to the planetary system 
of another star or perhaps to a different dimension or time as easily as to 
another star cluster beyond the Milky Way. He often called the visitors 
‘time-travelers.’”6

“I did not ask them any more questions and we did not get into the 
spaceship,” Leo continued. “When we wanted to know something, it was 
clear we had to be able to ask the right questions before we could get any 
answers. He stood before us for a few seconds more with that gentle smile 
on his face, then turned and joined the others. . . .

“I was now certain that they were far older than anyone we had ever 
met before,” explained Leo. “They had very old, wise eyes in bodies that 
appeared to be young and fit. I decided that they must have far better 
methods to protect their health and must live in a much better environment
 than we do. They glowed with perfect health. I also knew they deeply 
respected our Earth. . . . This was why they didn’t leave rubbish about, why 
their area was always clean.

“I  was  now  firmly  convinced  that  these  travelers  from  the  spaceship
 could definitely read our minds. They responded to the questions, 
thoughts, and desires in our minds, and in turn were able to place their 
own thoughts, intentions and beliefs in our minds without using words. . . .”
When viewed close up, the craft appeared to be constructed of one single 
piece of material without individual component parts. The ramp and supports
 beneath the ship appeared to join to the main body of the ship with 
no visible seams.

Another encounter occurred in the same valley, late in the day on September
 19. Again, the boys were not prevented from approaching the craft. 
“I do not know why, but I had the impression that the force-field was still 
there, but they ‘tuned’ it somehow to allow us to pass through,” Leo asserts.
The craft did not reflect light like ordinary objects; rather, it seemed 
to absorb the light around it and produce its own subtle light of any color 
or pattern of shades. “Sounds did not echo off it like the wall of a barn or 
the face of a cliff. You could stand right next to it and not even notice it 
was there. . . . It was more like a living thing that watched and reacted to 
its surroundings, than a machine or building. Maybe they were putting 
on a show for us, because the appearance of the ship began doing the most 
amazing things.

“One moment it would blend into the sunset, matching every color and 
pattern. Then it would go like oily water and abruptly change to a polished 
mirror or a dark, non-reflective surface like a hillside. It took many minutes 
for us to work our way to the clearing near the ship. . . .”

At first, the boys did not notice anyone near the ship as they walked up 
to it, nor the silent lowering of the ramp. But they became aware of a man 
standing next to one of the huge legs that supported the ship. The man made 
eye contact with the boys and had started to speak before they suddenly 
realized there were two men.

“The one who had started to speak to us continued, turning to the other 
as he spoke [in flawless German]. ‘These boys would like to touch our ship. 
Make sure it is well grounded, for we probably have developed some [elec-
trostatic charge] in our travels.’ There was no greeting. I think he simply 
picked the top item off the jumbled pile of our thoughts and responded to 
it. Then we were given the opportunity to touch something from another 
galaxy for the first time. The feeling of touching the ship, which definitely 
sent a chill up my spine, is also very difficult to explain.

“I expected it to be hard and metallic, but to this day, I find it hard 
to believe the feeling I had touching something that was so smooth and 
exchanged no heat with my hand. It was neither warm nor cold, and was 
definitely smoother than glass or polished metal, which will stick to your 
hand.  It  was  like  trying  to  press  one  magnet  against  the  same  pole  of 
another, like I was not really touching anything at all. . . .

“The colors were somehow projected from inside it, or emanated from it, 
instead of reflecting as from a painted surface or a mirror. At that particular 
moment, the colors seemed to match the sky and even the clouds. . . . The 
ship was made in such a way, or of such a material, that once it rose several 
hundred feet in the air, it looked just like the sky. . . .

“We accomplished our next goal in short order when we found ourselves 
shaking the hand of one of the visitors. It was his actual hand, not through 
a glove like I had often seen them wear. . . . The hand was soft and warm, 
the grip firm. Although I was right in the middle of what was probably 
the biggest thrill I ever had, I found myself thinking, ‘Sure would like to 
get into that ship.’ . . .

“I  think  that  can  be  arranged,”  came  the  reply  to  Leo’s  unspoken 
thought. “But first, you will have to go through a ‘process’ to enter the 
ship. There is nothing to be afraid of [and] you will have to go through 
the process again to leave the ship.”

The man explained that this process was controlled by what today might 
be termed an invisible energy beam or field of radiation, comparing it with 
the energy field that prevented approaching the ship. “I understood that it 
was a modified form of the invisible shield,” said Leo.

“I finally began to recognize that they were giving us information in 
some way other than by just what they had told us [and that] they were 
communicating with us, not so much by what they were saying and we 
were hearing, but more by what we were feeling.” As Leo explained to me: 
“They can open up areas of the brain that we don’t use. And they made it 
clear that we have twelve senses, not five.7

“They seemed to realize that our world was in trouble, and understood 
about the depression and the drought as we talked about failed crops and 
the grasshoppers that were invading our country. They [also] gave us the 
indication that Man would soon bring terrible wars and suffering upon 
himself. . . .”

INSIDE THE SPACE SHIP
Finally,  the  boys  were  invited  aboard  the  spaceship.  “The  huge  ramp 
descended silently [and] almost before we knew it, we were escorted up 
the ramp by the man we had been speaking directly with and at last found 
ourselves entering the ship.

“There was an inner and an outer door. When one door opened, the 
other door closed. Some kind of mist would go across the door. We asked 
him what it was. He told us that [it] was a ‘disinfectant,’ as we would call 
it. . . . One moment there was a wall, the next it was an open door. I could 
see no hinges or handle, not even a joint where the door met. . . .

“After we had entered the compartment and the door had closed behind 
us, our guide told us we had to remove our clothes so the disinfecting 
process would be effective. Mike and I were both a little nervous about 
taking off our clothes in front of these people, but felt a little better 
about it when we saw that we would get to wear some of their clothing.8 
I was glad we had both taken baths the night before. . . .

“I was looking around for light bulbs or fixtures or switches, but there 
was nothing on the walls or ceiling. There weren’t any shadows, either. The 
light just seemed to come from everywhere at once. After we had dressed in 
their clothing, which opened at the back like one of those hospital gowns, 
we passed into another compartment which contained some kind of haze 
that went over our entire bodies.

“They had given us some light jackets to put on that, compared to any 
clothing we had ever seen, were just beautiful. They were made from a 
material of a very slick texture [and] when the edges of the fabric were 
brought together, they attached themselves without buttons. . . . When the 
inner door eventually slid open, we came into what must have been their 
main compartment. The first thing I noticed was their chairs. They were 
wonderful, just out of this world.

“Our host invited us to sit in these great chairs [which] were completely 
adjustable, though the travelers were all so similar to each other, I am 
certain one size of chair would fit them all . . . like the ship itself, they 
didn’t seem to have any individual parts. A force of some kind made them 
move toward you when you were about to sit without anyone appearing 
to touch them [and] Mike had a great time trying to outwit the chairs, to 
the great amusement of our friendly hosts. When I sat, the chair subtly 
and automatically adjusted to fit and support my body from my heels to 
my head.”

A screen measuring about five by four feet appeared, showing pictures 
of “a place or process” that the boys simply could not fathom. Opposite 
the screen were other types of machine, described as “magnetic sensors.”

“Their meals and the cooking thereof are impossible to explain, although 
they were very nice about trying to explain it to us. We saw what I would 
call sleeping compartments with unusual beds, but we asked no questions 
about  their  sleeping  customs.  The  toilet  facilities  were  fully  automatic; 
things  like  towels  and  toilet  tissue  were  not  there.  It  all  seemed  to  be 
operating by the ‘magnetic’ force, or maybe some chemical reaction. . . .
“The largest room we saw was their laboratory or workshop. I saw many 
different things I could not even begin to grasp [though] I tried to ask 
some questions about these machines.” The men replied that, no matter 
how they explained it, it would be impossible for the boys to understand 
any of it.

“Why do you keep coming to our valley?” asked Mike.
“We study the life patterns,” came the simple reply.
Although the inside of the craft couldn’t be seen from outside, from the 
inside everything was visible. “We could see clearly through to the outside 
and observe clouds in the darkening sky,” Leo explained. “We called it 
glass, but they informed us it was some other type of material which they 
did not explain to us.”

Also, images of real-time scenes could be projected from anywhere on 
to a screen-evidently imagery being fed in from their sensor systems.

When I interviewed Leo at his home in Helena, Montana, in 2004, he 
revealed more. “There’s a screen on that panel that shows the entire world, 
like a map, but it’s different,” he said. “As they travel, the information keeps 
changing. No buttons are used-it’s done by brain waves, via the eyes, for 
example.”9

“Another of their abilities that we experienced inside that spaceship is 
just as baffling,” Leo reports in his book.

“I sat in one of those wonderful chairs watching the sun go down over 
the mountains outside and listening to one of our hosts trying to explain 
something about how far away their galaxy is. . . . Next thing I knew we 
are walking on the hillside and he was showing us how the grasshoppers 
lay their eggs under the dirt. Just like that. I blinked my eyes and there 
we were, back with the galaxy lecture. Blink again and he was showing us 
how the magnetic ‘laser’ beam worked.

“They could [also] stop a bird in flight and hold it motionless in mid-air. 
Now I saw this done, but I am not sure how. They could catch a rabbit in 
his jump and stop him in midair [and] they could hold these animals like 
this for minutes or hours. Then, suddenly, they could just release them. 
In other words, from the understanding we gained, they had the ability 
to stop any moving object at any range they desired. Our military men 
should take note. . . .


“These people who we met and talked to in the year 1932 came right 
out and told us they had traveled to this planet for over five thousand years. 
They will continue coming to this planet because it is their responsibility. It 
is important for us to understand that they said the Earth is their responsibility
, rather than mankind’s. We were told that they will continue traveling 
to our planet, to this very spot, and to many other places as our world gets 
deeper into trouble. . . .

“One of the reasons for their great intelligence is their ability to use 
twelve senses. And they told us that twelve people from their galaxy live 
full-time on our planet Earth. These people live among us, but we cannot 
tell  that  they  are  different  from  us.  We  were  also  informed  that  these 
twelve people have often offered to help our world and were rejected every 
time. . . .”

Leo related to me some amusing anecdotal information he acquired that 
year from a Native Indian chief. “They come from the heavens,” declared 
the chief. “They’re white, and they dress funny. We got down on our knees 
to them. They taught us how to plant things. My granddad told me all these 
things, which he’d learned from his father. They came by season. Then, 
when the white men came, we originally mistook them for the people who 
had come from the heavens!”10

FURTHER CONTACTS

Further landings and contacts took place occasionally over the years. “I saw 
the spaceship off and on after that first year, and even saw it land several 
times,” wrote Leo. Mike was not present at these events. “In 1933, I had the 
pleasure of seeing it landing about two miles south and a mile and a half 
east of Dunn Center, North Dakota. It continued landing at that location 
from 1933 to 1934. . . .

“In August of 1936, about the end of the month, around 9:45 in the 
evening, I again saw their ship land at the location near Dunn Center and 
decided to walk up to them. As I approached the ship, I was allowed to 
enter through their magnetic forces. The ship didn’t look any different from 
the ship I’d seen in 1932. I was welcomed by three people and was certain 
they were the same people I had met back in 1932 [and] I did not have to 
ask to enter their spaceship.

“They said the world would have many problems, but they would not 
interfere [and] re-affirmed that this planet was their concern, that Man 
has his own mind, and that he must learn to take care of his planet if he 
wants to keep his home. [He] assured me our planet would continue to 
exist. But I was not assured that Man would continue to exist on it, if he 
did not learn to take better care of his most valuable possession. . . .”

In October 1936, Leo enrolled as a laborer with the Civilian Conservation
 Corps (CCC)-a public work-relief program for unemployed youth 
during the Great Depression-receiving an honorable discharge in March 
1937.11

There  were  no  further  contacts  until  1938,  at  Watford  City,  North 
Dakota,  close  to  the  Missouri  River  bridge.  Then,  on  the  evening  of 
September 15, 1939 at around 21:30, as he was en route to Watford City, 
a spaceship landed about three hundred feet off the side road. Two men-
identical  to  those  from  the  previous  encounters-alighted  and  greeted 
Leo. Expressing their pleasure at seeing him again, they added that he 
had changed a lot since 1932. Leo said he was bemused that they, on the 
contrary, had not changed at all.

“We are several thousand years ahead of your time. We are germ-free 
and our life expectancy is quite different from yours. At this time, it would 
be impossible for us to explain to you how we have accomplished all this in 
our lives. . . . But we can assure you, if your scientists would devote their 
time to increasing your life span, people on Earth would be capable of living 
in good health much longer than you do now.”

In You’re Looking Very Well: The Surprising Nature of Getting Old (Faber, 
2010), author Lewis Wolpert states his belief that one day human beings 
may have a lifespan of six hundred years.

Leo was puzzled to note that, although it was now about ten o’clock at 
night, the area around the spaceship was not dark. “Some type of glow 
kept shadowless light in the area,” he observed. As Barry Potter pointed 
out succinctly to me: “The alien light is always described as ‘shadowless,’ 
which is directly contrary to our understanding of light as a radiant effect, 
i.e. proceeding in a straight line from source to a reflecting surface.”12 I 
concur. Additional evidence for this technology is provided later, particularly
 relating to the Amicizia saga (Chapter 13).

Asking if they were worried about people noticing the glow, Leo received 
an interesting reply:

“. . . We have stopped all movement for three miles around us. There is 
no way that anything can move within that area. No person can approach 
the ship unless we allow them entrance. It will be some time, well in the 
future, before people will be able to understand and do much, if any, of 
what we are capable of doing now. This new understanding will make a 
tremendous change on your planet Earth.”

Leo was invited aboard, involving the same “disinfection” process and 
change of clothes as before. Six men, seated in the main compartment, were 
watching an image on the large TV-like screen, which Leo learned was of 
their galaxy. Again, he marveled at the lack of any visible light fittings in 
the ship, and inquired how the light was generated. “Our lighting system 
is in our metal,” he was told. “The power for our machines is also generated
 in our metal. This is all we can tell you, for it would be impossible for 
you to understand how our energy system works.”

By around 23:30 Leo felt it was time to leave. “The first man put his 
hand on my shoulder. After hesitating for a moment, I put my hand on 
his shoulder. In turn, I did this with all six men. After I entered the outer 
compartment, I removed the jacket and handed it inside to them. The door 
closed and again the mist covered my entire body . . . as I finished dressing, 
the unusual door opened and I stepped out of the spaceship.”

Heading back to the car, Leo was astonished to find his way illuminated 
in some way by the same shadowless light all the way to his car.

In 1941, Leo was called to service with the U.S. Navy and eventually participated
 in the invasions of Okinawa and Iwo Jima. Most of this period was 
spent with the Amphibious Unit in the South Pacific, serving, for example, in 
the minesweeper USS Skirmish (AM-303). He also served in the USS Missouri, 
witnessing the surrender of Japan to General Douglas MacArthur on that ship. 
I surmise that he probably served with either the Office of Naval Intelligence 
or Office of Strategic Services-though he never confirmed as much-as he 
was involved, for example, with the occupation force in Japan, interrogating 
prisoners, and also served in Africa,13 mostly related to counter-intelligence.

Following the war, Leo moved to Bozeman, Montana, working as a 
salesman, returning to Killdeer in 1948. In 1950, he saw a spaceship landing 
in the high hills along the highway between Norris and Sappington Junction
 (some thirty miles from Bozeman). He planned his business trips so 
as to pass through that area regularly, in the evenings, and observed the 
craft on a number of occasions. “Because the ship was usually well back 
from the highway in very difficult terrain,” he explained, “I had no real 
chance to make a personal contact with them.”

Leo does not provide dates of these events, but it is worth noting here that 
on the late afternoon of April 12, 1950, in Helena-some sixty-five miles 
from the landing site described by Leo-a Mrs. Ida Welch reported an object 
that looked like “two soup plates put together,” larger than a bomber, flying 
so close to the ground that “anyone could have shot it down with a rifle.” 
Three months later, five Helena residents in different locations reported an 
object, described variously as cigar-shaped, a flaming disc, or wing-shaped.14

Sadly, Leo’s younger brother Mike was reported killed in action in 1950, 
during the Korean War.

In 1962, while driving with his three young daughters and two of their 
friends at Sappington Junction, Montana, Leo saw a spaceship moving 
through the evening skies. Perhaps this was an ideal opportunity to secure 
supportive evidence.

“It was difficult to pick my way over the dark mountain roads, but finally 
I drove my car within about two hundred feet of the spaceship. It was 
hovering about twenty feet off the ground, producing all the colors I had 
witnessed before. . . . It was very hard to contain my disappointment when 
I saw [that the girls] were all frightened. There was no way to convince 
them no one would hurt us. We watched the ship for only about half an 
hour. Several times, I flashed my headlights at them, certain they knew the 
girls were with me and were scared. . . . I was convinced it was the same 
spaceship I had seen back in 1932 and again in 1939, and had no doubt 
that the same people were aboard.”

In 2010, Leo’s only surviving daughter, Frances Dworshak Hankinson, 
provided a testimonial to this event for me:

“The only experience that I have had with UFOs is when Dad took me, 
my two sisters, and two of their friends over to Sappington Junction. It was 
late evening. He told us there was something he wanted us to see. He parked 
out in the middle of nowhere, and had us watch the sky for lights. It was 
getting late and darker and we wanted to go home. When we spotted lights 
in the sky-to the best of my recollection the lights were auburn, green, and 
yellow-the lights were flashing but stationary. Dad flicked the headlights 
in their direction, and they repeated the same pattern back at him. He did 
this several times, then it was gone. I have never seen anything like it since.”15

One summer’s evening in 1963, Leo was driving from Ennis to Sap-
pington Junction when he spotted a craft in the process of landing in 
the foothills about six or seven miles off the main highway. He stopped the 
car to watch. Another car drew up and a couple got out and confirmed 
what Leo was seeing. He then asked the man to follow him, planning to 
drive as close as they could, then walk the remaining distance to the ship. 
The man refused, explaining that he’d experienced a close encounter with 
a craft in California which had alarmed him.

While driving through the same area on the evening of October 21, 
1963, Leo decided to try to initiate another contact. At around 20:15, he 
parked his car and set off on what he guessed would be a very long walk 
to the landing site. Arriving in the vicinity, he could see the ship, parked 
down a rugged slope. “When I was about halfway down, I noticed the area 
around the spaceship was lit up with the soft, indirect light I remembered 
so well. I could see about six people moving about on the ground. As I 
came closer, I saw two of them were moving my way. . . .”

The men greeted Leo enthusiastically in the same manner as before. 
They confirmed that they had monitored him, for instance, during his 
experience with the couple in the car. “You should have known, after all 
these years,” they said, “that most people will not believe you. But this time 
was different. This man knew of our existence. He had seen us before [but] 
had allowed his fear to convince him that we are a threat. . . .”

On board the craft, sitting in the extraordinary chairs, a lengthy discussion
 ensued. Part of the information on board referred to attempts by our 
military to capture one of the aliens’ ships.

“Your science and technology have advanced enough to pose a threat to our 
ships, as well as to the entire planet. If your military leaders continue their 
efforts to damage our ships, we will be forced to defend ourselves. . . . Our 
actions to protect and defend ourselves are governed by a simple principle: 
Anything that is thrown at us will be thrown back to its source.”
In this connection, Leo related to me that when he owned some petrol 
stations in 1974, a man was filling up his car when another customer asked 
him about UFOs. Leo joined in the ensuing conversation, relating some 
of his own experiences. The customer-a recently retired Army colonel-
revealed an incident that had occurred in the U.S. Southwest. “We had 
240 guys out in the desert and we tried to shoot down a craft,” he said. 
“But they returned every shell back into the guns.”

“This man had just retired,” Leo told me. “He would not talk dates.” 

The colonel advised Leo not to reveal what he had said.16

Barry Potter independently confirmed this story, adding that “the rounds 
fired reversed direction in flight and returned to the guns they were fired from, 
where apparently they exploded, killing troops on the ground.”17 Those soldiers 
had no choice; they were simply obeying orders. If true-and assuming this 
was the same group which contacted Leo-such an egregious retaliation would 
seem contrary to their declared ethics. Barry, however, emphasized that this 
was not quite the case. “Leo always maintained that the aliens’ concern was 
with protecting and preserving the planet Earth, not mankind,” he told me. 
“He often hinted darkly that the aliens would not hesitate to sacrifice human 
life to defend their activities or to assure the survival of life on Earth.”18

I should mention here that since the 1940s, a number of craft-evidently 
of different origin from those encountered by Leo-have successfully been 
shot down, resulting in the destruction of a large number of our aircraft 
by alien craft, as reported in my previous book.19 “After we left the ship,” 
Leo continues in his book, “we sat on the ground for a while, all seven of 
us, looking up at the stars [and] talking about different things for perhaps 
another two hours.”

“I hope we will see you again,” said one of the men, as they bade Leo 
farewell. “It will be quite a while, though, because we are traveling back to 
our own galaxy. There will be another one of our spaceships traveling about 
your world, but they will make far fewer landings than we have. They will 
be more interested in what man is doing in outer space. . . .”

“We separated then with very deep feelings,” wrote Leo, “and I started 
back for my car. Light was provided for me all the way back. I was about 
half a mile from the ship when I began to notice how warm the area around 
me seemed to be, although it had grown quite cold out. As I approached 
my car, I heard the motor running. I never understood how or why they 
had started my car [but] it was nice and warm as I climbed into it. . . .”

Leo Dworshak died in April 2007, aged eighty-six years.

In my meetings with him in Helena, Montana, and in subsequent communications
, Leo came across as genuine-a “no-nonsense” man. I also 
learned that he was very well connected.

In his business dealings, Leo proved to be a formidable opponent, Barry 
Potter told me. “I consider being a rough opponent a positive character 
trait. His competitors saw this primarily in his behavior while estimating, 
bidding, and completing jobs, for which he often served as what we call a 
general contractor, overseeing several sub-contractors involved in the overall 
job. Leo did no advertising, relying upon word-of-mouth recommendations 
from his customers . . . his philosophy was to do many jobs with a lower 
profit margin rather than fewer jobs with a high margin, as was common 
among his competitors.”20

There is a wealth of additional information in Leo Dworshak’s book. To 
conclude this chapter, the following is excerpted from the last two pages:
“If their intent is to eliminate humanity, I have no doubt the easiest 
course would be to step back and allow us to destroy ourselves. Yet they 
continue to return, year after year, century after century, and work very hard 
while they are here. We never saw them in the winter months when insects 
and plant life are dormant. . . . I think part of their work here was related 
to the study of how we were poisoning the environment in those times. I 
think they were analyzing the grasshoppers, which eat a large amount of 
foliage, for chemical poisons in our environment.

“I know they are very concerned about our nuclear and chemical weapons 
and  our  warlike  nature.  What  a  problem  we  must  be  for  them,  always 
threatening the health and safety of this beautiful planet, which is their 
responsibility to protect. The picture that comes to mind is a crowd of 
unruly children fighting and playing in a carefully tended garden with no 
regard for the problems they are causing for the gardener. . . .”

============================================================================
CHAPTER TWO. GALACTIC GUARDIANS

Nineteen-year-old Pierre Monnet lived in Orange (Vaucluse), France, 
at the time of his first encounter with extraterrestrials. This occurred 
in the small hours one night in July 1951 while cycling home after 
a visit to his fiancée, who lived in the little village of Courthézon, eight 
kilometers from Orange-a fifteen- to twenty-minute journey he made 
twice a week, on the same days.

Monnet had the habit of checking the town clocks before leaving and 
on arrival, to compare his journey time. “That night was no exception,” he 
pointed out, “and after the normal check I got on my bike.” It was 01:30. 
But  this  time,  something  different  happened-something  that  was  to 
become increasingly common in abduction scenarios reported years later.
“I was astonished to find myself instantly transported five kilometers 
further on, at the entrance of a large, deep pit of sand and gravel, 10–15 
meters from the side of the road. Between the road and the pit were a thick 
hedge, high undergrowth, and bushes.

“My  mind  felt  blank.  I  was  dazed.  Then,  like  an  automaton  and  as 
though I was being directed by an irresistible force, I followed the large 
gravel slope which led down to the right and further into the pit. I don’t 
know why, but I got off my bike and continued on foot. I felt very tired and 
had the impression that my feet weren’t touching the ground; but that was 
only an impression. I was very calm and relaxed. Little by little, a kind of 
peace came over me.

“The further I went on, the more I had the feeling that one has when 
getting into water for the first time, up to one’s shoulders; a gentle pressure 
on the lungs . . . and I was short of breath. Then, at a bend in the pit where 
I moved as though I knew exactly where I was going, I saw a luminescent 
light about sixty meters in front of me, behind a mound of earth.

“I kept on and then saw in front of me, fifteen meters away, floating 
between fifty and eighty centimeters above the ground, a disc fifteen to 
twenty meters in diameter, topped with a central bulge in the form of a 
dome. From top to bottom the machine must have been about three meters 
high. The disc pulsated with a white-silver-blueish light, clearly illuminating
 the walls of the pit ten meters away. This radiation seemed to radiate 
from the ‘soul’ of the ‘metal’ of which this strange machine was made, with 
a fascinating beauty [and] the metal seemed at the same time to be both 
material and ethereal, with constant inner movement-almost alive.

“As I came closer, I noticed that the surrounding noises had dimmed. 
When I was about six meters from the disc, I could no longer hear the 
noise of traffic [even at that time of night, there was still traffic, owing to 
the Festival]. As I approached, total silence fell. I could no longer hear the 
crickets or even the sound of my footsteps on the gravel. It was impressive. 
I felt great, amazed at what I was seeing. . . .”

I should point out at this juncture that Monnet had no recourse to the 

Dworshak brothers’ experiences, which were not published until 2003.

THE FOUR EXTRATERRESTRIALS
“Probably because I was so fascinated by the machine,” Monnet continued, 
“I had not noticed, in front of it and a little to the side as it still hovered 
above the ground, four extraterrestrial human beings in tight-fitting catsuits 
of shiny silver-gray metal which lit up an area of five meters around them. I 
was no more than a few meters away from them and I went calmly toward 
them. I was no longer aware of my body.

“Arriving three meters in front of these beings, I stopped and looked 
at them. They were barefoot. They were tall; they must have measured 
TIMOTHY GOODat least 1.85 meters [over six feet]. They were perfectly proportioned and 
identical in build. Their hair was blond-white and reached almost to their 
shoulders. Their faces were beautiful and very refined. They had a light, 
frank, and gentle expression which I have never seen in Earth people. They 
were so beautiful, but at that moment I was not sure if they were men or 
women, since they did not have breasts. But after a brief while there was 
no  doubt-they  were  certainly  men.  They  gave  an  impression  of  great 
strength and they were built like athletes. Despite that, they were smiling 
and radiated calmness, gentleness, and goodness. . . .

“They then raised their arms in my direction, almost horizontally, the 
palms of their hands turned upwards. They made this movement almost 
in unison, and in silence. I made a gentle movement backward: I wanted 
to escape, and shivered from head to toe. They made themselves clear to 
me without opening their mouths: I heard their thoughts very clearly in my 
head. It was extraordinarily precise and clear. Moreover, while admitting 
that in our language we have precise words capable of translating perfectly 
what was said during this contact-which I now describe as telepathic-the 
quantity of what was said to me in such a short time (I estimated about 
half an hour) could not be expressed in our language if we were to speak 
for eight hours a day for a year or two. . . .”

THE MESSAGE
“Given to me were not words but coded thoughts in the form of impulses, 
for which I could find no words of translation at the time, apart from a 
few  isolated  phrases  that  I  could  translate  instantly,”  claimed  Monnet. 
“The realization of the concepts which were given to me that night did 
not become apparent to me until two years after my contact. Here are a 
few scattered phrases that I could understand immediately as they were 
‘pronounced.’

“‘We want the best for all living beings, especially if they are not aggressive
. . . . Do not come any closer to our vehicle. It is dangerous for human 
beings not in tune with its wavelength: the vibrations it emits would destroy 
the cells of your body.

“‘This meeting will cause you troubles which will affect your health; you 
will have nervous problems for a certain time, then that will pass. Later, 
our conversation will become clear and you will be able to let the people 
of your planet know what we have told you . . . but take care not to allow 
your own concepts to interfere. . . .

“‘You are not the only person on your planet to have spoken with us. 
Unfortunately, most people do not want to speak about us and the others 
are not believed. . . . Your life would not be long enough: for this reason, 
we propose to regenerate the cells of your body so that you will live the 
value of 120 human years. . . . We will carry out this regeneration inside 
our vehicle after our meeting, and forgive us that we think it necessary for 
you not to remember the operation.’

“Then,” said Monnet, “the beings stopped emitting their thoughts. I 
was so intent on receiving these that I hadn’t noticed that an opening had 
appeared in front of the dome, wide enough to allow two men to enter. 
Inside was a white-orange light almost unbearable to look at. The four 
beings were there. Then-silence.

“Without saying good-bye, I turned, picked up my bike, and wheeled 
it back up the slope to the main road. Instantly, I was transported to 
the outskirts of Orange. I looked at my watch and was amazed to see 
that it was still 1.30 a.m. I went to compare the time with the town hall 
clock,  which  read  1.35  a.m.  My  watch  also  read  1.35  a.m.  For  me,  it 
was incredible. But what was more, I could not remember the journey 
of eight kilometers [five miles]: it seemed as if I had not traveled at all. 
Also, unusually, I was not tired or out of breath because of the journey. 
I hadn’t noticed anything; not the headlights of passing cars, nor the 
passing countryside. . . .”

MISSING TIME
“I had to rationalize it. Time could not have passed. Time had stopped during 
the journey and the meeting-which I thought had lasted about twenty 
minutes. If you take into account that normally I took twenty minutes to 
cover the whole distance, theoretically that made forty minutes unaccounted 
for. The thing seemed so fantastic that during the long days and sleepless 
nights that followed, I tried to work out what had really happened and 
posed myself all sorts of questions and proceeded to check it out from the 
beginning.

“First, checking the time of the two clocks and my watch, I made another 
return journey between Orange and Courthézon. I noticed that the time on 
the three was exactly the same-the clock at Orange, the clock at Courthézon, 
and my watch. Not one of the three had stopped, gained, or lost time.

“Objectively, I thought that all this could have been a particularly vivid 
dream. To be certain that I did not dream again, that night I woke up my 
mother, inventing some excuse, in the hope that she would reprimand me. 
The following morning I was reprimanded. Now I had the proof that I had 
not been dreaming. In any case, I know the difference between a dream 
and reality. . . .”

Monnet  also  rejected  the  hypotheses  that  he  may  have  fallen  asleep 
at some stage of the bicycle journey, or suffered from amnesia. Was his 
experience entirely subjective? Had the four aliens actually been there, in 
an objective sense? “To this question, I always reply that the four beings 
were certainly there in front of me, as large as life,” he insisted. “But on 
reflection, taking into account the fantastic scientific lead I know they have, 
my contact could have been only a perfect three-dimensional projection. 
This hypothesis is frightening and must bring home to us the psychic and 
scientific potential which they possess. . . .

“Although I don’t exactly remember exactly getting into the craft . . . 
after they had performed their ‘cellular regeneration’ on me I did not feel 
at all different. Only this one thing raises a shadow of a doubt. But despite 
the fantastic aspect of this regenerating operation, certain details lead me 
to think they told the truth. For example, at the start of the telepathic 
contact, the craft had no opening; however, at the end of the contact, a 
large opening was there, on the right of the dome. While I was ‘listening’ 
to their thoughts, I was perfectly aware of what I could see around me. I 
didn’t see this opening appear, though through it shone a whitish-orange 
light which was unbearable to look at. Not one of the four extraterrestrials 
was absent during the contact . . . but the telepathic contact had stopped.
“Logically, all this would imply that I had momentarily lost consciousness
;  the  opening  appeared;  I  was  transported  inside  and  protected  by 
some method or other against the deadly vibrations of the machine; the 
regeneration was carried out, and I regained consciousness in the same 
place where I had been before losing consciousness. . . .”1

According  to  investigator  Jean-Pierre  Troadec,  a  few  years  after  this 
encounter a man claimed to have seen the same, or a similar, craft, a few 
kilometers away. He did not know Monnet-who also told no one about 
his experience until 1962.2

Monnet provided further information from the communications received 
during this initial contact. The aliens said they had the technology to travel 
faster than light in both galactic and intergalactic space. Their declared 
agenda: “To profit from the scientific discoveries they had made, with a 
view to perfecting their knowledge; to look after and protect those civilizations
 which had lost all wisdom and in so doing had released on their 
respective  planets  processes  that  are  sometimes  irreversible  and  which 
impact on other extraterrestrial civilizations; to educate developing worlds 
and assist them technologically.”3

SUBSEQUENT CLAIMS
After  this  adventure,  Monnet  went  on  to  claim  further  experiences, 
including the sighting of a flying disc during his military service in IndoChina
. And in France in June 1974, while paying for gas at a service station, 
he recognized two men filling their car (a new, metallic gray Renault 16) as 
either his original contacts or their doubles. The men imbued him with a 
sense of “exceptional well-being,” radiating “tranquility, power, peace, and 
love”-identical to that recounted by those involved in the Amicizia saga 
(Chapter 13). They gave him a penetrating look, transmitted a telepathic 
message, then departed.4

As with “follow-up” experiences asserted by many contactees, we run into 
apparent absurdities and contradictions. To his credit, however, Monnet 
acknowledged as much himself, and sought explanations.

While I was performing with the Philharmonia Orchestra at the Orange 
Festival  in  July  1978,  I  interviewed  Monnet  at  his  home  in  Sorgues, 
together with my friend Ben Cruft (also a violinist with the orchestra). 
Monnet  spoke  with  conviction  about  his  earlier  contact  experience.  A 
manuscript with which he presented me-subsequently incorporated into 
his first book-provides some interesting information.

Monnet  claimed  that  the  group  that  contacted  him  originated  from 
“the star you call Vega [which] has fourteen planets, of which nine are 
TIMOTHY GOODinhabited.” He was informed that they had numerous bases within our solar 
system-on Mars, our moon, on one of Jupiter’s and on one of Saturn’s 
moons-and a number of bases on Earth.

While my skepticism regarding much of the information later provided 
to Monnet endures, I am including the following, supposedly transmitted 
telepathically to him in July 1977, against the possibility that some important
 data may be contained therein. We must bear in mind that Monnet, a 
factory worker with but a scant knowledge of scientific matters, may well 
have misinterpreted some of the technical data:

“The surface bases we have introduced on your planet are protected from 
sight by a powerful magnetic field acting on the molecules of a layer of 
surrounding air covering the places where the bases are constructed. The 
principle of this magnetic process is based on bending the molecules of air 
and taking the form of prisms to avoid the source of light. This process 
renders  invisible  every  object  which  isn’t  naturally  compatible  with  the 
place, and renders it invisible in the range of this magnetic field. In parallel 
with that, we give out a wavelength acting on a precise part of the brain of 
the occasional person who approaches our installations. Our bases on 
your planet cannot be seen even from a height, remaining unnoticed 
by your aerial photographers. . . .”5

Pierre Monnet passed away in January 2009 at a hospital in Tarascon 
(Bouche-du-Rhône),  aged  seventy-eight-well  short  of  the  120-year 
lifespan predicted for him by his alien contacts. Perhaps he became disillusioned
 toward the end-perhaps not.

“I could not find then, neither can I find today, a single doubt in my 
mind as to the reality of my physical contact in 1951,” he emphasized in 
1978. “For me, it has been the most extraordinary and also the most beautiful
 experience of my life. The story’s resemblance to science fiction does 
not make it any less true or real. It constitutes and perhaps shows the way 
to a marvelous future for mankind.”6

“Since the initial appearance of these craft, the entire world’s defence chiefs 
have hidden the truth,” wrote Monnet in 1974. “From the outset, civil and 
military pilots, qualified personnel attached to aerial detection units, as 
well as astronauts, were sworn to secrecy if they spoke of what they had 
seen in the sky, on radar screens, or the signals coming in from the various 
artificial satellites revolving around the Moon, Venus, and from modules 
sited on Mars. . . .

“The phenomenon generates considerable anxiety among the world’s 
governments, who have only one method of holding back the moment of 
truth-to maintain the conspiracy. What the public should know is that 
all over the world, many contacts have been made and continue to be made 
between the average Earth person and the extraterrestrial representatives 
of a galactic civilisation which is scientifically, socially, and philosophically 
very much in advance of our own. . . .”7
TIMOTHY GOODA sketch by Pierre Monnet of one of the alien beings he encountered near 
Orange, France, in July 1951.


=====================================================================================
CHAPTER THREE. ITALIAN DEVELOPMENTS

The  proverbial  “little  green  men”  have  long  been  associated  with 
aliens,  despite  the  fact  that  very  few  encounters  relate  to  such 
beings.  In  stark  contrast  to  the  Dworshak  and  Monnet  cases  is 
the  one  reported  by  Professor  Rapuzzi  Luizi  Johannis,  a  well-known 
Italian  author  and  painter  in  his  time.  Johannis  experienced  only  one 
encounter-and it involved little green men. The following is for me the 
most convincing of such cases.

On the morning of August 14, 1947, Johannis-a keen geologist-was 
making his way up a short valley called the Chiarsò, near Villa Santina, 
Carnia (Fruili) in northeast Italy. He had been following a path along the 
stream, which wound up through clumps of fir trees and deposits of alluvial 
rubble,1 when his adventure began.

“As I emerged from one of these clumps of fir,” he wrote in his richly 
detailed report, “I noticed, at a distance of about fifty meters from me, a 
large lenticular object of a vivid red color. When I had arrived at a spot 
a few steps from the ‘thing,’ I was able to establish the fact that it was a 
disc-seemingly of varnished metal [and] having the shape of a lens and 
a low central cupola with no apertures. At its tip a sort of shining metallic 
antenna, of telescopic form, was protruding. . . .

“The object, some ten meters wide, was embedded, to the extent of about a 
quarter of its length, in a great transverse cleft in the friable rock of the mountain
 side, and was at a height of about six meters above the bed of the stream. 
I decided that I would climb up there and see what it was. . . . I looked round 
to see whether there was anybody about who-should the need arise-could 
help me. It was then that I perceived, at a distance of fifty meters or so from 
me, two ‘boys.’ At any rate, that is what they seemed to be, at first. I shouted 
to them and pointed to their disc. And then I started toward them. When I 
had halved the distance between them and myself, I stopped, petrified.

“The two ‘boys’ were dwarves, the likes of which I had never seen nor 
even imagined. They were coming toward me slowly, with tiny strides, 
their hands at their sides and their heads motionless. When they had come 
to a few paces from me, they halted. I had no strength left. I seemed to 
be paralyzed, or to be dreaming. But I was able to observe them in every 
detail. And those details have remained impressed upon me. However, I 
must confess that the dominating sentiment in me then was one of enormous
 astonishment combined with fear. . . .

“They were no more than 90 centimeters in height, and were wearing dark 
blue-colored overalls made of some material that I would not know how to 
describe. ‘Translucent’ is the only term for it. They had collars and rather 
deep belts, all of a vivid red color. Even the cuffs and the shins of the legs 
ended in ‘collars’ of the same type. Their heads were bigger than the head of 
a normal man, and gave them a caricaturish aspect. But I think the sight 
of their ‘faces’ would have put an end to anybody’s desire to laugh.

“At this point, I am obliged to explain that the terms I have used in this 
description are purely indications, and are of a purely anthropomorphic 
nature,  because  I  don’t  know,  today,  whether  those  things  that  I  have 
defined as nose, mouth, eyes, and hands were like that. . . .

“They had no signs of hair, but in place of it they were wearing a sort 
of dark brown tight-fitting cap, like an Alpinist’s bonnet. The ‘skin’ of 
their faces was an earthly green. The only colour that comes close to it is 
the plasticine commonly used by sculptors, or of clay dipped in water. The 
‘nose’ was straight, geometrically cut, and very long. Beneath it was a mere 
slit, shaped like a circumflex accent, opening and closing again at intervals, 
very much like the mouth of a fish.

“The ‘eyes’ were enormous, protruding, and round. Their appearance 
and color were like two well-ripened yellow-green plums. In the center 
of the eyes I noticed a kind of vertical ‘pupil.’ I saw no traces of eyebrows 
or eyelashes, and what I would have called the eyelids consisted of a ring, 
midway between green and yellow, which surrounded the base of those 
hemispherical eyes, just like the frame of a pair of spectacles.

“I remained there in astonishment, for what seemed an interminably 
long time, gazing at the two extraordinary creatures. I think the silent 
confrontation lasted no more than two or three minutes. Then I raised my 
arm with the [geologist’s] pick and waved it in their direction and then 
in the direction of the disc and, in an agitated voice, I shouted and asked 
who they were, where they came from, and if I could be of any help. They 
wheeled round very quickly and I can’t remember what I said after that, 
for things began to happen fast. I now believe that the two beings had 
interpreted my precipitate gestures as being threatening. . . .

“One of them raised his right hand to his belt, and from the center of the 
belt there came something that seemed as though it might be a thin puff of 
smoke. I now think it was a ray or something of the sort. Anyway, before I 
had time to move or do anything, I found myself laid out full length on the 
ground. My pick shot out of my hand, as though snatched by an invisible 
force. Only once in my life have I had the experience of a violent electric 
shock [and] as soon as I was struck by that ray, I felt a similar sensation. 
Moreover I felt myself deprived of all strength and all my efforts to raise 
myself meant an expenditure of energy that was beyond me.

“Meanwhile, the two midgets were coming toward me, and they halted 
at a spot two meters from me, where my pick had fallen. I managed to roll 
over on to one side and saw one of them bend over and pick up the tool, 
which was longer than he was. And this is how I was able to see his green 
‘hand’ quite distinctly. It had eight fingers, four of them opposable to the 
others! It wasn’t a hand: it was a claw, and the fingers were without joints. 
I also noticed the chests of the two beings were quivering; like a dog’s chest 
when it pants after a long run.”

Johannis finally was able to manage a sitting position. “Meanwhile, the 
two entities had arrived beneath the disc. I saw them climb up, slowly but 
surely, to the cleft in the rock and disappear into the disc itself, which was 
embedded almost vertically in the rock. A few more minutes elapsed, and 
then the strange object shot straight out from the rock and rose into the 
air. A cascade of stones and earth fell down on to the bed of the river. . . .
“The disc remained there stationary in the sky, like an enormous suspended
 gong. I could distinctly see its sharply cut flange four or five meters 
from me, and for a moment I was seized with terror that it was going to 
come down and cut me in half. . . . I think I shouted at the top of my voice. 
At any rate, I am certain that I made every effort to get up and escape. 
The result was that I kept falling back again, supine and racked with pain. 
Meanwhile, the disc had tipped slightly away from its vertical position, then 
tilted slightly. Then it suddenly grew smaller,2 and vanished.

“Immediately afterward, I was struck by a tremendous blast of wind 
which rolled me over and over on the ground and filled my eyes with dust. 
I ended up against the stones in the river-bed and remained there for I don’t 
know how long. Finally I managed to get into a sitting position again, and 
it was then that I looked at my wrist watch. It was 09:14. But it was only at 
about midday that I was in a fit state to get back home. In the meantime, 
I even slept for an hour. All my bones felt as if they were broken and my 
legs were weak and trembling. . . .

“I looked in my rucksack for my thermos flask of coffee and was not surprised
 to find it shattered to pieces, but what did surprise me was not being 
able to find any trace of its metal casing. Also gone were my aluminum 
fork and an aluminum can that had contained my cold lunch. I had to be 
content with bread soaked in coffee and throw away the salami and all the 
rest. Finally, I should add that I searched in vain for my pick, which would 
have been very useful to me at that point as a walking stick.”

AFTERMATH
Johannis reached Raveo at 14:00 and promptly went to bed, explaining to 
the proprietress at the inn where he was staying that he’d fallen from a rock. 
The following morning, armed with another pick-and a revolver-he 
returned to the spot.

“Naturally, there was nobody there,” he said. “I climbed right up to the 
cleft in the rock since I thought the two creatures might have thrown my 
old pick-to which I was very attached-in there, but I found nothing.”

Later, he made inquiries in Raveo as to whether anyone had noticed any 
kind of “aeroplane” in the sky. Two people told him, independently, that 
they had: in one case at 08:30 and in the other at approximately 10:00. 
One of the witnesses said he noticed a “red globe being carried aloft by the 
wind” behind the mountain on the slope on which the village lies.

“At that time,” wrote Johannis, “I tried to explain my strange adventure 
in many different ways, but none of them having anything whatever to do 
with flying saucers or other craft of extraterrestrial origin. At first I thought 
the ‘saucer’ was an experimental machine of the Allied Forces which were 
then in occupation of the Campoformido aerodrome in the Fruili area. My 
next thought was of some device of Russian origin. Finally, I wondered 
about some unknown civilization still hidden away in some unexplored 
regions of the world like the Matto Grosso of Brazil. The most absurd 
hypotheses could be adapted to fit my extraordinary adventure. But not 
one of them was satisfactory, since not one of them could account for the 
presence of the two men.”

Although pilot Kenneth Arnold’s famous sighting of what were dubbed 
“flying saucers” by the press in the United States-which occurred in the 
state  of  Washington  on  June  24,  1947-had  been  reported  worldwide, 
flying saucers generally were not known about in Italy in the summer of 
1947. Johannis decided therefore to tell no one of his experience. It was 
not until two months later, when he sailed for the United States, that he 
heard about the Arnold sighting. During a subsequent five-year stay in 
America, he read everything he could about the subject and in 1950 decided 
to relate his experience to two trusted friends, whose names and addresses 
were given to the Italian group which published this account. In 1952, on 
returning to Italy, he decided to approach a newspaper office.

“I went to Milan and called upon the director of L’Europeo. There I was 
told that the subject was an interesting one but that, in order that it could 
be published, authenticated, it was necessary for me to furnish ‘proofs’ of 
its authenticity. I replied that, if on that morning in August 1947 I had 
imagined that I was going to encounter creatures from another world, I 
would certainly not have hesitated for one moment to take along a whole 
troop of journalists, cinematographers and (why not?) a company of soldiers 
too. . . .”3

In a letter in 1964 to Gianni Settimo, director and founder of the Centri 
Studi Clipeologici in Turin, Johannis enclosed sketches he had made to 
illustrate his report, published for the first time in their journal,4 adding 
some relevant remarks:

“. . . As I told you, at such a distance in time, many of my recollections-
exact enough at the time-have weakened and have consequently become 
a little confused. I refer particularly to the exact appearance of the ‘bodies’ 
of the two ‘beings’ met by me, as well as the shape of the eyes, since I am 
no longer certain whether they were vertical or horizontal slits or whether 
there weren’t any pupils at all.

“When I sent my account of the episode from America to the Italian 
weekly L’Europeo, I sent it with a sketch of the ‘pilots,’ but when I came 
back to Europe that sketch was not returned to me because their editorial
 office had lost it. That sketch was done by me two months after the 
encounter, and consequently was much more faithful a reproduction than 
the ones done by me now.

“However, generally speaking, the front view of the ‘head’ can be taken 
(apart from the pupils) as corresponding to the absence or not of ears or 
something similar that I can’t recall absolutely. The sketches of the complete
 figures are to be considered as rough and approximate outlines and 
consequently of purely general value. . . .”5

In assessing Professor Johannis’s report, we have to take into consideration
 the fact that, in addition to being well known as a painter, he was 
a prolific author who wrote at least fifteen books of science fiction. Of 
course, he could have invented the story. Though to what end? As far as I 
am aware, the story was never marketed separately nor incorporated into 
any of his books, and it did not appear in print until 1964, in a relatively 
obscure Italian UFO magazine.

“I am at present inclined to believe that the two pilots were nothing 
more than two robots, whereas in 1947 I was convinced that I had met 
real and actual extraterrestrial beings,” wrote Johannis in 1964. “I believe 
that old pick of mine is now in a museum on some other planet. And I 
hope that somebody up there is trying to decipher the marks cut in the 
handle. . . .”6


A FLYING SAUCER LANDS IN THE ITALIAN ALPS

As Britain’s distinguished researcher Gordon Creighton pointed out in his 
accompanying notes to this report, there are striking resemblances-disc 
shape, low central cupola, and shiny metallic antenna-to the disputed 
photographs of a flying disc and its humanoid occupant taken in 1952 by 
the thirty-year-old Italian engineer Giampiero Monguzzi, in the presence 
of his wife, on the Alps (see photo section).

Many researchers have arbitrarily confuted the photos, insisting that 
models were used. Having a particular prejudice to antennae sticking out 
of flying saucers and aliens wearing Apollo-type spacesuits (if long before 
such were used), I initially thought the same. But later, as an experienced 
photographer, I noted that the depth of field and everything else in the 
pictures  appear  proportionately  correct  in  comparison  with  his  written 
report. And in addition to parallels with the Johannis case, there are others.
Monguzzi’s pictures are widely known among students of the subject. 

His actual report, however, is not.

On the morning of July 31, 1952-a few days after a second wave of 
flying saucer sightings was reported that month and tracked over Washington, 
D.C.-Monguzzi and his wife were on a climbing trip near the 
Cherchen glacier on the Italian side of the Bernina massif, a little to the 
south of St. Moritz.
“I felt something uncanny around us,” begins his account. “A 
cold wind had been blowing all the time from the summits, and we had 
just remarked that it sounded like a music chord, similar to that heard in 
the sails of a boat. But quite suddenly, this noise had stopped completely 
although we could still see the wind blowing up snow on the mountain 
rims.  And  then  we  noticed  that  we  couldn’t  even  hear  our  own  heavy 
footsteps on the gravel and icy ground, and we could no longer hear our 
voices, though we were quite near each other. I saw my wife’s mouth move 
but failed to detect a sound. It was an uncanny, compact silence which 
surrounded us, a strange kind of vacuum.”7

“Suddenly,  my  wife  grasped  my  arm  with  a  frightened  look  in  her 
eyes, and I also got a real shock, because no farther than 200 meters from 
where we stood, an enormous object had settled on the rim of the glacier, 
silently. It appeared to have come from below, from the valley beneath the 
glacier-certainly not from above. My first guess was that of a plane trying 
to land, but the object had no wings. Looking at it, I grew more and more 
uneasy. The ice around us reflected the light, blinding me, as did the sun’s 
rays coming from my right. I turned away, trying not to look at the object 
again. We both hid ourselves behind a rock. The uncanny silence around 
still prevailed. I did not even try to talk again-I wouldn’t have dared to 
open my mouth.”

“After some moments I gathered enough courage to cast a glimpse over 
the rock. The strange craft was still there. I now dared to approach it and 
slithered down on the gravel for about 50 meters. I couldn’t go any farther 
without losing my foothold on the ice.”

“I now recognized clearly that it was a round silvery disc with a diameter 
of approximately ten meters and a height of about three meters. As usual, 
I had my camera 8 over my shoulder and, becoming bolder, looked through 
the viewfinder and shot my first picture. But as I failed to hear the usual 
click, I felt uncertain and shot a second one. For a few more moments the 
disc lay there in front of me without showing any sign of life.”

“But then suddenly I noticed a man beside the craft, wearing a kind of 
diving-bell which reflected the sun’s rays like metal. The figure seemed 
to move toward me. Instinctively, I shot another picture, although my legs 
felt as though glued to the ground, as if paralyzed.”

“The man seemed not to notice me. He now changed direction and 
started walking slowly around his disc, as if inspecting it. After every 
two or three steps he stopped, looking upward to the perimeter of the 
vehicle. His movements seemed to be hindered somewhat by his dress. 
In his hand he held an instrument like a flashlight. The figure was not 
clearly outlined and gave the impression that his dress was of a furry 
material.”

“I fail to remember how long this procedure took, but I would estimate 
that no more than five minutes had elapsed since the landing of the craft. 
From the spot where I stood, I was unable to see the whole object; rather, I 
was seeing its lower part. Nonetheless, I could observe an antenna coming 
out on the top, and there seemed to be another antenna on the man’s ‘ruck-
sack.’ The pilot, having finished his inspection, showed up once more on 
the other side of the disc. I presumed that there was an entrance on the 
side hidden from me. I shot some more pictures.”

“After a while, I noticed that part of the completely smooth-surfaced 
hull seemed to be turning around: the movement might have involved a 
third of the hull. And suddenly, the craft shot up in the air, noiselessly, 
hovering a few seconds at a height of approximately ten meters. Then, 
like a lift, it shot upward toward the summits of the Bernina massif. I had 
had enough time, however, to note that the antenna had retracted and 
that the upper part of the craft seemed to have a number of portholes or 
hatches. I managed to shoot another two pictures of the departing disc, 
and while the distance grew, I felt life coming back to my legs. My voice 
also returned.”

“I looked at my watch. It was exactly 09:27. Still very confused, and 
with shaking knees, I went to the rock where my wife was hiding. She 
had followed everything with her own eyes and was still pale and dis-
concerted. After a while we went to the landing spot, looking for traces 
or tracks on the ground, but found none. The snow was absolutely icy. 
For a while I wondered, however, why the disc, with quite a weight of 
its own, had left no imprints, but then I remembered that it had hovered 
at a height of ten meters, and I realized it could also have done this at 
ten centimeters off the ground. Our own shoes left no marks either, by 
the way. . . .”9

In  1958,  my  Swiss  friend  Louise  (“Lou”)  Zinsstag,  a  distinguished 
researcher,  sent  a  letter  to  the  Swiss  military  airfields  administration, 
enclosing a copy of an article which included one of the Monguzzi photos. 
She received a reply from the operations unit a few days later:

“It is with great interest that we read the article. . . . Above all, we 
are  astonished  and  surprised  by  the  revealing  photographic  material, 
especially  the  picture  taken  by  the  Italian  engineer  Monguzzi  in  the 
Bernina  massif  which  shows  a  landed  flying  machine  with  a  human 
figure beside it.”

“As we were looking at that photo we asked ourselves if engineer Mon-
guzzi was able to witness the take-off of this flying saucer. Do we know 
whether he might have had the opportunity to locate some other witnesses 
who observed the machine before it took off?”

“We must strongly emphasize that our question implies no doubt about 
the genuineness of the object photographed; it arises from a sincere and 
intense interest in all the questions it raises, and we would be very grateful 
if you could reply to us.”

“We  look  forward  immensely  to  your  reply  and  thank  you  for  your 
trouble. . . .”10

A copy of the original letter in German appears on p. 44. Unfortunately, 
I do not recall the outcome of this correspondence, but I am sure 
that  Lou  sent  the  administration  copies  of  all  seven  photos,  together 
with a copy of the article written for Epoca, which would have resolved 
their questions.

Feeling certain of having taken the pictures of the year and planning 
to sell them at a good price, Monguzzi and his wife went to Milan. The 
engineer-a member of the Edison Society of Italy-showed them to his 
friends,  to  his  manager,  and  to  some  newspaper  reporters.  But  nobody 
believed him: all were certain that they were clever fakes. A heated controversy
arose in the Edison Society with the result that Monguzzi lost his 
membership-and later his job.11

Would a hoaxer have gone that far?

A letter from the Swiss Directorate of Military Aerodromes to 
researcher Louise Zinsstag confirming their conviction as to the 
authenticity of one of the series of photographs taken by engineer 
Giampiero Monguzzi in the Italian Alps in July 1952.


======================================================================
CHAPTER FOUR. EISENHOWER AND THE EXTRATERRESTRIALS

Why don’t aliens contact our leaders? My reply to this frequently 
asked question is that they have done so on a number of occasions, 
as attested by witnesses. Several such meetings involved 
President  Dwight  D.  (“Ike”)  Eisenhower  and  others  in  the  mid-1950s, 
such as at Edwards/Muroc Air Force Base in February 1954, discussed 
later.  There  is  also  lesser-known  related  evidence  supplied  by  Antonio 
Ribera, a distinguished Spanish researcher, citing an earlier visit to a base 
by Eisenhower-at that time U.S. Army Chief of Staff.

In Mexico in 1970, the publisher Guillermo Mendizábal Elizalde told 
Ribera that while attending a gathering during which a title was presented 
to Miguel Alemán Valdés, President of Mexico (1946–1952), the subject of 
flying saucers came up. Alemán listened in silence. But on being asked for 
his opinion, he revealed that when General Eisenhower had visited Mexico 
shortly before becoming president, he told Alemán that he had once been 
taken to an air base in the Southwest United States, where he had been shown 
“a flying disc and the cadavers of several of its crew members.”1

This report was confirmed by Leonard Stringfield, a former U.S. Air 
Force intelligence officer, who learned from Dr. Robert S. Carr, a University
of South Florida professor, that in 1948 General Eisenhower had 
been taken to see a craft and bodies captured at Aztec, New Mexico in 
March 1948, and it was on his command that the secrecy lid was clamped 
down on the subject, and rigidly enforced.2 Since another crashed disc had 
reportedly been recovered that same year just across the Mexican border 
from Laredo, Texas, it is likely, in my view, that this might have prompted 
Eisenhower’s revelation to Alemán.

Until several years ago, I remained unaware of another incident involving 
Eisenhower and extraterrestrials, reported to have occurred in February 
1955.  The  noted  researcher  Art  Campbell  has  been  responsible  for  my 
education regarding what I now regard as compelling new testimony.

Campbell  served  his  country  during  the  Korean  War  at  naval  shore 
installations and with a fleet electronics unit aboard the aircraft carrier USS 
Boxer (CV-21). After leaving the Navy in the mid-1950s, he became active 
in UFO investigations, working with Major Donald E. Keyhoe’s National 
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). Campbell is 
the author of an illuminating book on the recovery of a crashed disc on the 
Plains of San Augustin, New Mexico, in July 1947, in addition to several 
books on northwest pioneer history.

More recently, Campbell has uncovered a great deal of evidence that in 
1955,  President  Eisenhower  had  another  meeting  with  extraterrestrials, 
which  took  place  at  Holloman  Air  Force  Base,  New  Mexico  (currently 
home of the 49th Fighter Wing, Air Combat Command). The following is 
summarized from Campbell’s investigation reports,3 as well as voluminous 
additional material which he has kindly furnished me over a lengthy period.


QUAIL HUNTING

On February 9, 1955, Eisenhower announced to the press that he was going 
to Georgia for a few days’ quail hunting, staying with the Secretary of the 
Treasury, George H. Humphrey, a millionaire industrialist who owned a 
plantation near Thomasville, Georgia. Others included in the trip were 
Humphrey’s wife, the First Lady and her mother, and Clifford Roberts, a 
Wall Street banker.

The party left Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland, on February 10 at 
13:00 in Eisenhower’s Air Force One, Columbine III, a new Lockheed VC-
121E four-engined Super Constellation, with a crew of fourteen, piloted by 
TIMOTHY GOODMajor William “Bill” Draper, who also had been Eisenhower’s pilot during 
World War II. Preceding the flight by about thirty minutes, a chartered 
plane-load of journalists from all the major networks flew to Spence Field, 
Moultrie, Georgia, some twenty-five miles north of Thomasville. Columbine
 III landed there two and a half hours later.

With  its  two  thousand  acres  of  prime  bird-hunting  land,  Milestone 
Plantation suited Eisenhower’s requirements for privacy. With the exception
 of a previously arranged photo op, none of the media was allowed on 
the grounds. “The plantation was so secure,” Art told me, “that Ike was 
able to go there four times in the 1950s. This was his second trip. The press 
was housed some eight miles away at Scott Hotel in Thomasville. James 
Hagerty, Ike’s press secretary, gave daily international news and briefings 
in the hotel lounge.”

Many commentators wondered why the president had taken a few days’ 
hunting trip at a time when international tensions were mounting. Fear of 
a nuclear exchange with the Soviet Union was paramount-and a very real 
threat. As the British journalist and historian Sir Max Hastings succinctly 
puts it: “A younger generation finds it hard to believe that it was plausible 
that America and the Soviet Union would come to nuclear blows. Armies 
and navies, together with fleets of bombers and batteries of missiles capable 
of destroying civilization many times over, confronted each other at instant 
readiness. . . .”4

The hunting party reached the lodgings at Milestone, changed quickly, 
and reached the hunting area at about 17:30. Media attendees included 
well-known journalists Ed Darby of Time, John Edwards of ABC, and 
William Lawrence of The New York Times. Why all the prestigious press 
for a quail shoot? Perhaps the reason lay in the fact that a week earlier, Josef 
Stalin’s replacement leader, Georgi Malenkov, had been forced to resign 
and was replaced by Marshal Nikolai Bulganin. “A famous military leader 
taking over an aggressive Cold War government gave the world a severe 
case of the jitters,” Campbell believes.

ARTHUR GODFREY
Campbell questions the presence of Arthur Godfrey on the trip. A famous 
television personality at the time, Godfrey’s shows were watched by millions 
and helped define the first decade of 1950s television and radio. “What 
was the one and only indomitable Arthur Godfrey doing on the president’s 
plane?” asks Campbell. “He was not seated with Ike or his social guests 
in the main passenger section, but in the forward crew compartment with 
about a dozen others, including the flight crew and some Secret Service 
agents.”

According  to  news  sources  years  later-including  Ted  Gup  of  Time 
magazine-Godfrey and Ed Murrow were part of a huge civil defense 
effort to assist the government in making pre-recorded taped messages 
to be transmitted on television and radio in the event of a nuclear attack. 
Campbell continues:

“Gup said in his article that a number of newsmen had taken oaths of 
secrecy and had agreed to accompany the president to the relocation site of his 
choosing, to lend their familiar names and voices to help calm the surviving 
audience. Recalling the separate press plane that accompanied Eisenhower 
to Spence air base and Thomasville, one wonders if any of these spokesmen 
were also along on this strange trip. Was this trip a true potential national 
emergency? Or another trial run of apparently many in those days?

“There were a number of facilities in the mid-1950s where government 
could relocate to in the event of a national emergency. One was an underground
 bunker named Mount Weather, near Godfrey’s home in Berryville, 
Virginia, and another was a facility named Raven Rock, near Gettysburg, 
Pennsylvania, where Eisenhower and his cabinet convened on a number 
of ‘practice occasions.’”

Of incidental interest, Godfrey had flown for the Air Force and Navy 
in World War II. In 1965 he reported on his own show that he had been 
buzzed by a UFO while flying a light plane.5

THE WITNESSES
On the day following the arrival at Thomasville, James Hagerty reported 
that Eisenhower had come down with “the sniffles” and would be staying 
in for a while. He was not seen again for some thirty-six hours, having 
secretly been taken to Spence Field and flown in Air Force One to Hol-
loman Air Force Base, New Mexico, together with a team of Secret Service 
aides and supervisors.
TIMOTHY GOODOne of the many witnesses to the presence of Air Force One was Airman 
2nd Class Manuel W. Kirklin, stationed at Holloman and assigned to the 
base hospital under the Flight Surgeon, Captain/Dr. Robert N. Reiner. 
Kirklin held clearance to Secret material at that time.

“In late February 1955,” relates Kirklin, “we heard that the president was 
coming to Holloman. I knew there was going to be an honor parade for 
him, scheduled for early in the morning. The day before it was due to take 
place, it was called off. Not only that, but I heard through the grapevine 
that the base commander [Colonel Frank D. Sharp] had requested leave 
covering the time the president was visiting. I thought this was unusual-I 
would have stayed on the base if I was the commanding officer and the 
president was visiting.” (Kirklin later realized that going on leave would 
allow Col. Sharp to give Eisenhower his undivided attention.)

Later,  at  the  hospital,  Dorsey  E.  Moore,  the  enlisted  men’s  leading 
airman, asked Kirklin if he had seen a disc hovering over the flight line. 
Kirklin replied in the negative. “I’m thinking, a disc that you can throw,” 
he reports, “but the only thing that I knew that hovered was a helicopter 
and the Navy’s hovercraft.” He asked what it was made of. “Metal,” said 
Dorsey, “like polished aluminum or stainless steel.”

“How big is it?”
“Twenty to thirty feet in diameter. Do you want to see it? Go out to the 

front of the hospital and look down at the flight line.”

“With my luck it wouldn’t be there.”
“I took my wife to the commissary and it was there thirty minutes later. 

Go out to the front of the hospital and take a look.”

Concerned at leaving his post without permission, Kirklin asked the 
head nurse if he could go. She consulted the doctor, but permission was 
refused.  Later,  the  airman  happened  to  be  walking  behind  two  pilots 
and overheard their conversation regarding the event. One of the men, 
an Officer of the Day, was responding to questions from the other pilot 
relating to Eisenhower’s visit. Kirklin asserts that the officer explained 
that after Air Force One landed, it had turned around and remained on 
the active runway. The base radar had then been turned off, after which 
two discs had approached the base at low altitude via the White Sands 
National Monument.

“One hovered overhead like it was protecting the other one,” explained 
the officer. “The other one landed on the active runway in front of [Eisenhower
’s] plane. He got out of his plane and went toward it. A door opened, 
and he went inside for forty or forty-five minutes.” Asked by the other pilot 
whether he had seen the aliens, the officer replied that he had not: they 
stayed inside. Eisenhower then returned to his plane.

Later, at about 11:15, Kirklin went to pick up the mail, where he encountered
a new 2nd Lieutenant supply officer who asked him if he had seen 
anything on the flight line. Kirklin replied in the negative.

“After work [about 16:30–16:45], I was in my barracks room when I was 
called out to see Air Force One fly overhead. It flew over the residential 
area of the base. This is a no-flying zone for all military aircraft-only the 
president could get away with it.”

After supper, Kirklin noticed that the lights were still on in the Flight 
Surgeon’s office and went over to turn them off. There he saw and heard 
Dr. Reiner talking to a lieutenant colonel, who mentioned that the Com-
mander-in-Chief (Eisenhower) had addressed 225 men, on two consecutive 
sessions, in the supply hangar and/or the base theater. Eisenhower spoke 
only for a few minutes on each occasion.

Asked by Reiner what had been discussed, the lieutenant colonel replied 
that the subject matter was classified “higher than Secret.” I share Art 
Campbell’s opinion that since Eisenhower was supposed to be hunting in 
Georgia, base personnel were ordered not to mention his presence at Hol-
loman. The actual purpose of the visit would obviously never have been 
disclosed to so many “uncleared” personnel.

Three months later, while serving in Japan, Kirklin was talking to some 
airmen, one of whom confirmed that he had heard Eisenhower talk at the 
base theater. The subject matter was not discussed. Kirklin also said that 
a mutual acquaintance had learned from a man who had been stationed 
at Holloman that people were still talking about Eisenhower’s visit two 
years later.

Captain  Joseph  W.  Kittinger,  Jr.  (retired),  who  was  well  acquainted 
with  Kirklin  at  Holloman,  is  best  known  for  his  daredevil  leaps  from 
high-altitude helium balloons as part of research into high-altitude bailout, 
known as Project Excelsior, culminating in August 1960 when he jumped 
from Excelsior III at 102,800 feet (31,300 meters). In freefall in his pressure 
suit for four and a half minutes, he reached Mach 0.9-almost the speed 
of sound. He served three combat tours in the Vietnam War, during which 
he commanded the F-4 Phantom 555th Tactical Fighter Squadron and 
vice-commanded the 432nd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing. He was shot 
down by a MiG fighter in 1972 and spent eleven months as a prisoner-of-
war in the notorious “Hanoi Hilton.”6

What is much less known about Kittinger’s background, as I discovered,  
is  his  extensive  professional  contact  with  Dr.  J.  Allen  Hynek,  a 
scientific consultant on UFOs to both the Air Force’s Project Bluebook 
and the CIA’s Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI).7 I noted that part 
of their professional relationship involved, in 1962, Project Stargazer, a 
balloon-borne project to carry out astronomical studies at high altitude, 
Kittinger  as  balloon  pilot  and  Hynek  as  astronomical  adviser.  In  The 
Roswell  Report:  Case  Closed-the  Air  Force’s  second  book  attempting 
to  deny  the  July  1947  incident-Kittinger’s  sworn  testimony  states  as 
follows:

“I worked very closely with Dr. Hynek over a period of five years from 
1958 to 1963. Dr. Hynek would typically spend a half day working on 
Stargazer and then the rest of the day participating as one of the consultants
 on  the  UFO  study,  Project  Bluebook,  that  was  also  conducted  at 
Wright-Patterson AFB. [He] was very familiar with the techniques and 
capabilities  of  the  Air  Force  high  altitude  balloon  program  [and]  once 
approached me and we discussed at length the possibility that Air Force 
high altitude balloons were responsible for many UFO sightings. . . . I was 
therefore ‘flabbergasted’ when Dr. Hynek appeared to believe that some of 
these sightings were of extraterrestrial origin.”8

During this period at Wright-Patterson, Captain Kittinger also worked 
at  the  U.S.  Air  Force  Aerospace  Medical  Research  Laboratory  in  connection
 with Project Excelsior, mentioned earlier. In 1959 and 1960, the 
laboratory collaborated with the Holloman Balloon Branch for Excelsior, 
the culmination of high-altitude free-fall studies that began in 1953 using 
anthropomorphic  dummies9-the  same  dummies  cited  in  The  Roswell 
Report as probably being responsible for the alien bodies reported by witnesses
to the Roswell events in 1947!

Interestingly,  according  to  June  Crain,  who  worked  in  the  Rocketry 
Section Lab at Wright-Patterson with top-secret clearance at the time, the 
deceased alien bodies were brought to the Aero Med Lab (as it was widely 
known). “They had been flown in to the base during the night and were in 
a freezer locker in one of the hangars and Aero Med had charge of them for 
examination,” she told investigator James E. Clarkson. “The people doing 
the telling seemed to know what they were talking about. . . .”10

In 2007 Kirklin wrote to Colonel Kittinger-who had been transferred 
to the Air Force Missile Development Center at Holloman in 1954-asking 
if he recalled the Eisenhower visit, avoiding specifics. “First of all,” replied 
Kittinger, “I remember you and the flight that we made in the Beaver [a 
bush plane] looking for the downed balloon equipment which we found 
on the rancher’s field. I remember that you were one of the only ones that 
didn’t get air-sick. . . . I do not remember President Eisenhower visiting 
Holloman but it may have been after I left in 1958 when I transferred to 
the Aero Med Lab at Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio. . . .”11

So, no confirmation from Kittinger. We can surmise, however, that, 
though well aware of the Eisenhower visit, he remains loath to violate his 
security oaths. Other witnesses, however, have been forthcoming.

In  2007,  Art  Campbell  interviewed  retired  Master  Sergeant  Robert 
Boord, one of the former security guards who served on Columbine III, 
who  said  that  although  the  usual  complement  of  Secret  Service  agents 
was five or six, if they were flying to somewhere the president had not 
visited before, two agents would go ahead but five or six were usually on 
the plane. He learned from Master Sergeant Leo Borega, a colleague and 
friend, that one trip down to South Georgia had involved “a dozen or so 
going to this tiny little town [Thomasville]” and that at about 03:00 hours 
the following day (February 11), the crew received word that the president 
would be leaving in about an hour (from Spence Field). “We were always 
ready for this kind of thing,” said Borega, “and sure enough, the plane left 
one hour later.” He added that about half an hour before the plane left, two 
Air Force cars pulled up and six more agents went on board to accompany 
the flight “to somewhere out West.”

Art found another witness to Eisenhower’s arrival at Holloman, Albert 
D. Wykoff (pseudonym), whose military background included assignment 
TIMOTHY GOODas a tail-gunner to a B-29 bomber squadron with the 20th Air Force in the 
Pacific during World War II. As a staff sergeant on a U.S. Air Force cargo 
plane that flew into Holloman in February 1955 (he does not recall the 
exact date), he and the other crew members watched as Ike’s Constellation 
landed. They had no idea that the president was in it until the following 
morning.

As Wykoff and the rest of the crew were preparing to leave, an officer 
approached and told them to stay where they were. “But we have to leave,” 
Wykoff protested. “Well, President Eisenhower is here and you can’t leave 
the field until he’s gone,” retorted the officer. Wykoff and his colleagues 
were therefore required to kill time at Holloman until they had clearance 
to leave.

“While in the sergeants’ mess at lunchtime,” Art recounted to me, “a 
general invitation was given by an officer to hear the president speak at 
a nearby hangar. When Wykoff and several of his crew went there, they 
were denied entry as they did not have a proper Holloman badge. An officer 
overheard the badge discussion and was able to get them in to hear Ike at 
another presentation given at the base theater.”

Campbell  also  cites  testimony  he  received  from  a  lady  whose  father 
(pseudonym  Bill  Larson)  had  been  a  civilian  electrician  at  Holloman. 
Larson and his crew worked from a pickup truck that had a Bell Telephone 
bed and many compartments for electrical gear, including a large spool of 
wire. From time to time, her father had discussed the day Eisenhower came 
to Holloman with his family and others. Here follows part of a letter he 
sent to his daughter a few months before his death:

“. . . Sometime after Christmas 1954 we were told President Eisenhower 
was coming, so George, our boss, went to a meeting to find out more. He 
would not be inspecting anything, they said, and [we should] just carry 
on as usual. ‘If you see the president, don’t gawk, wave or anything-just 
carry on.’

“So the day the president came, we went out in the truck to a job where 
we were replacing some wire down the flight line. It was really old stuff, 
put there in the Second World War. We heard the president’s plane in the 
morning line up for an approach, and watched it land on the far runway. 
We waited for it to taxi over to the flight line so we could see him. But 
we didn’t hear it anymore, and it had shut down somewhere out there. We 
went ahead and pulled wire for a while, and one of the men-I believe it 
was Charlie-said he could ‘see out there from that pole over there, so why 
doesn’t one of us go up the pole and see where the plane is?’

“Well, I had my climbers on and I started to unbuckle them and was 
waiting to give them to the first volunteer when someone said I should do 
it, as people were used to seeing me up the poles anyway. So, I started up, 
with my back to the sun-a safety measure-which also put my back to 
the runway where I thought his Connie [Constellation] was. As I started 
up, some of the guys reminded me not to gawk, and I heard them laugh. 
A few minutes later, I heard someone shouting, and some guys tarring 
the hangar roof nearby started to run, pointing out to the runway. Then I 
heard our truck start up and some of the crew jumped in, with one or two 
running after it, and they were pointing out to the flight line. And so I 
decided to turn around on the pole to see what the ruckus was about-and 
I could not believe what I saw.

“There was this pie-tin-like thing coming at me about 150 feet away. I 
thought it was remote-controlled or something, twenty-five to thirty feet 
across. And I started down the pole as fast as I could go. I was up about 
forty feet, and I threw my climbing rope out, gave it slack and only touched 
the spike on each side of the pole three or four times even before I got 
to the bottom. While I was running toward the big hangar, I looked back 
and it had stopped, and was just sitting there.

“Well, when we all got back to the shop, and we had a good laugh, one 
of the guys that saw me come down said, ‘He got down that pole a whole 
lot faster than a fireman!’ Apparently, soon after this incident, the saucer 
just stopped and hovered about three hundred feet over the flight line while 
the meeting took place on the far runway, near the UFO.

“Dad said that once the people there got over the initial shock, many 
just stood and watched it. He said it was a beautiful sight. It had an occasional
 wobble. He recalled that later that day many neon lights needed 
replacing. . . .” (Art Campbell believes this was apparently the saucer that 
hovered over the flight line, which Dorsey Moore and his wife saw around 
08:45-09:00.) “They all thought it was one of our secret aircraft that the 
president had come to see. Dad said he never considered it was anything 
TIMOTHY GOODbut ours until years later when [the subject] got publicized more-in the 
1960s or so. It was only then that he understood what was so secret. . . .”

COLLATERAL EVIDENCE
There  is,  of  course,  no  official  evidence  that  Air  Force  One  ever  left 
Spence Field, Moultrie-or returned there from anywhere else-during 
Eisenhower’s trip to Holloman, as stated in the official “trip narrative” (see 
p. 62). Art believes nonetheless that at least one diversionary tactic was 
employed. For instance, on February 13, the Thomasville Times-Enterprise 
reported on a special dinner for the president’s entourage and numerous 
other  guests,  held  at  the  Glen  Arven  Country  Club  on  the  evening  of 
February  11,  by  invitation  of  Secretary  George  Humphrey.  “About  30 
visiting newspapermen, photographers and movie men were on hand for 
the delicious dinner,” noted the paper. “Entertainment [included] several 
amusing pantomime selections at the conclusion of the dinner.”

Art told me that in 2008 he had tracked down a bartender who had been 
in attendance that evening. “He said it seemed that every divorcee in the 
county had been invited to meet the lonely reporters: eight to ten had been 
invited, but sixteen showed up. The pantomime did not go over nearly as 
well as the southern belles in their strapless cocktail dresses. . . . We believe 
that Ike and Air Force One slipped into Moultrie at about 20:30 while the 
party was in full swing. This was the trip that no one knew about-and 
the party that everyone remembered!”

In May 2010, retiring New Hampshire State Representative Henry W. 
McElroy, Jr., revealed in a speech that President Eisenhower had been 
briefed about the presence of extraterrestrial intelligent beings on Earth. 
McElroy also stated that the document he viewed made reference to the 
opportunity for Eisenhower to meet the alien visitors. Here follow extracts 
from the transcript of his speech:

“. . . When I was in the New Hampshire State Legislature, I served on 
the State Federal Relations and Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It was, apparently
, important that as a Representative of the Sovereign People who had 
elected me to this honorable office, that I be updated on a large number of 
topics . . . some of those ongoing topics had been categorized as Federal, 
State, Local development, and security matters.

“The document I saw was an official brief to President Eisenhower. To 
the best of my memory, this brief was pervaded with a sense of hope, and 
it informed President Eisenhower of the continued presence of extraterrestrial
 beings here in the United States of America. The brief seemed to 
indicate that a meeting between the president and some of these visitors 
could be arranged as appropriate and if desired.

“The tone of the brief indicated to me that there was no need for concern, 
since these visitors were in no way causing any harm, or had any intentions 
whatsoever in causing any disruption then, or in the future.

“While I can’t verify the times or places, or that any meetings occurred 
directly between Eisenhower and these visitors, because of his optimism 
in his farewell address in 1961 I personally believe that Eisenhower did 
indeed meet with these extraterrestrial, off-world astronauts. . . .”12

There is some confusion regarding the dates of the prearranged meeting/
meetings  between  Eisenhower  and  aliens  at  Edwards/Muroc  in  1954. 
Former Royal Air Force fighter-pilot and author Desmond Leslie (who 
co-authored Flying Saucers Have Landed with George Adamski) learned 
from a U.S. Air Force officer that “on a certain day” a 100-foot-diameter 
disc landed on the runway and was housed under guard in Hangar 27. 
Eisenhower was taken to see it.13 Gabriel Green, another researcher, spoke 
to a military officer who claimed to have witnessed the arrival over the base 
of five UFOs, on February 20. A general ordered all anti-aircraft batteries 
to open fire-which they did, but with no effect. The men then held their 
fire and watched as one of the craft landed close to one of the base’s large 
hangars. Two other witnesses, Don Johnson and Paul Umbrello, also claim 
to have seen one of the discs near the base on the same day.14

A  retired  USAF  test  pilot  reported  to  the  Earl  of  Clancarty  (better 
known as the author Brinsley Le Poer Trench) that three saucer-shaped 
and two cigar-shaped craft landed at the base (presumably on the same 
day).  “The  aliens  looked  human-like,  but  not  exactly,”  he  said,  adding 
that they had the same proportions as humans and were able to breathe 
our atmosphere. They did not say where they came from. In English, they 
explained to the bemused president that they would like to start an “educational
program” for the people of Earth in order to make mankind more 
aware of their presence here.15

Unnerved, Eisenhower responded that he didn’t think the world was 
ready for such a revelation. The aliens seemed to appreciate this, though 
they indicated that they would continue making further isolated contact 
with humans. They then demonstrated their ability to overcome gravity 
and to make their craft invisible. “This disturbed the president greatly,” 
said the test pilot, “because now none of us could see them, although we 
knew they were there.”16

But it seems that another, related event took place. In a letter sent in 
April 1954 to N. Meade Layne, director of a quasi-occult group called the 
Borderland Sciences Research Associates (BSRA)-photocopy reproduced 
on  p.  63-associate  Gerald  Light  revealed  details  of  events  which-if 
true-must have occurred that month.

“My dear friend,” begins the first part of the letter, dated April 16, 
“I  have  just  returned  from  Muroc.  The  report  is  true-devastatingly 
true! I made the journey in company with Franklin Allen of the Hearst 
papers and Edwin Nourse of Brookings Institute (Truman’s erstwhile 
financial adviser) and Bishop McIntyre of L.A. (confidential names, for 
the present, please).

“When we were allowed to enter the restricted section, (after about six 
hours in which we were checked on every possible item, event, incident and 
aspect of our personal and public lives) I had the distinct feeling that the 
world had come to an end with fantastic realism. For I have never seen so 
many human beings in a state of complete collapse and confusion as they 
realized that their own world had indeed ended with such finality as to 
beggar description. . . .

“During my two days visit I saw five separate and distinct types of aircraft
 being studied and handled by our airforce officials-with assistance 
and permission of The Etherians! [a term used by BSRA]. . . . It has finally 
happened. It is now a matter of history.

“President Eisenhower, as you may already know, was spirited over to 
Muroc one night during his visit to Palm Springs recently. And it is my 
conviction  that  he  will  ignore  the  terrific  conflict  between  the  various 
‘authorities’ and go directly to the people via radio and television-if the 
impasse continues much longer. From what I could gather, an official statement
 to the country is being prepared for delivery about the middle of May.
EARTH

“I will leave it to your own excellent powers of deduction to construct 
a fitting picture of the mental and emotional pandemonium that is now 
shattering the consciousness of hundreds of our scientific ‘authorities’ and 
all the pundits of the various specialized knowledges [sic] that make up 
our current physics. In some instances I could not stifle a wave of pity that 
arose in my own being as I watched the pathetic bewilderment of rather 
brilliant brains struggling to make some sort of rational explanation which 
would enable them to retain their familiar theories and concepts. . . . I shall 
never forget those forty-eight hours at Muroc!”17

Gerald  Light  makes  no  reference  to  the  presence  of  Eisenhower  at 
this  meeting,  though  he  makes  the  statement  about  “spiriting”  Ike  to 
Muroc just above. It is a matter of record that on the evening of February 
20, 1954, while on a golfing vacation during which he stayed with his 
friend Paul Roy Helms at his ranch in Palm Springs, the president went 
“missing.” Nobody seemed to know where he was, and the press corps 
was left to speculate. United Press suggested there had been a medical 
emergency, while Associated Press wired that Eisenhower was dead. At 
a near-hysterical press conference, the “truth” was finally revealed: the 
president had simply knocked a cap off a tooth chewing on a chicken leg 
and had been taken by Helms to a local dentist. Officially, there is no 
record of such a visit.18

A handwritten note from Meade Layne on Gerald Light’s letter references
 both Miramar and Gillespie airfields, with an asterisk on the third 
paragraph seemingly indicating where the intensive security checks had 
been carried out prior to the Edwards/Muroc visit. The airfields are currently
  known  as  Marine  Corps  Air  Station  Miramar  (San  Diego)  and 
Gillespie Field, El Cajon, California.

In Need to Know, I allude to information revealed to me that sometime
after one of the Eisenhower encounters, two scientists were taken 
by jeep to a meeting with aliens “somewhere in the desert.” A friend of 
the source rode “shotgun” in the jeep, together with his buddy in the 
military. At the rendezvous point was a landed disc, and the scientists 
went  aboard,  where  a  “transfer  of  technology”  ensued  for  a  couple  of 
hours. The source’s friend, who held “Alpha” clearance at the time, later 
became a CIA officer.

In April 2012, Henry W. McElroy, the retired New Hampshire State 
Representative cited earlier, posted an update on the Internet, part of which 
relates  to the foregoing meetings. “My research and observation of  the 
records,” he writes, “suggest that perhaps the information that Eisenhower 
and possibly others may have received in such alleged meeting(s) with the 
Off World Astronauts is what motivated President Eisenhower and his 
administration in 1958 to convert NACA (National Advisory Committee 
for Aeronautics) to NASA (National Aeronautics and SPACE Administration
) which enabled us earth-based Humans to speed up our learning 
in order to better develop and utilize ‘Outer Space Exploration Technologies
.’ Enlightenment on these Space Technologies may have been given us 
by the Extraterrestrials for the purposes of more effectively moving into 
Outer Space on a more timely basis via the Moon, the Space Stations and 
Mars. . . .”19

Art Campbell describes his correspondence with a man who claimed 
to have had access to highly secret archives of the U.K. Security Service
-commonly  known  as  MI5-who  asserted  that  Eisenhower  had 
had  meetings  with  two  or  three  separate  groups  of  aliens  during  his 
presidency. “In the 1953–1955 timeline,” wrote the source, “the ET visitors
 had landed at several places and asked for a meeting with the leader 
of the most powerful country on Earth. The top item on the meeting 
agendas was continued nuclear research and testing with more and more 
powerful weapons.”

Regarding the nuclear agenda, Campbell’s MI5 source alluded to a 
Russian  nuclear  weapon  test  in  1951  (September  24)  that  was  almost 
double  the  size  of  the  first  weapon  in  1949  (August  29),  adding  that 
the visitors showed particular concern about the first hydrogen bomb 
in  1952.  (On  October  31,  1952,  U.S.  Operation  Ivy  began  with  the 
detonation of Mike, the world’s first high-yield two-stage thermonuclear 
device, at the Enewetak Atoll [formerly spelled Eniwetok] in the Pacific. 
At 10.4 megatons, the experimental liquid deuterium device exceeded 
the explosive power of all ordnance detonated in World Wars I and II 
combined.) 20 The MI5 source indicated that there was considerable pressure
 on Eisenhower to exert influence over his government’s accelerated 
nuclear testing programs.

If  President  Eisenhower  had  managed  to  exert  any  influence  on  his 
military commanders regarding the arms race, there’s no evidence of it. 
And ironically, a few days after the Holloman event, Operation Teapot 
commenced at the Nevada Test Site on February 18, 1955, with a total of 
fourteen tests conducted to further the development of intercontinental 
ballistic missiles (ICBMs) with thermonuclear warheads.

George Adamski, who features in several later chapters, was among the 
first to claim regular contacts with aliens. He was also closely associated 
with certain high-ranking military and political personnel. According 
to a friend of mine, the late Madeleine Rodeffer, sometime in 1959–60 
Adamski was taken by military limo to a base in California for a meeting 
with Eisenhower.21 No further details are available.

“Apparently,” writes Art Campbell, “those in government who knew 
of the alien concerns decided to form a committee to advise the president 
concerning  these  matters.  My  source  believes  this  group  was  initially 
called  the  ‘Alternative  Committee.’  Might  this  have  been  the  beginnings
 of the group that, today, is believed to be the extremely powerful 
worldwide special interest entity which exerts considerable influence on 
UFO secrecy?

“It  is  obvious  to  me  that  our  government  is  not  merely  covering  up 
whether UFOs exist, but also that we have had contact with ETs and that 
they have objected strenuously to our nuclear testing and stockpiling. . . .”22

The official Air Force One Passenger Manifest for the flight from Andrews 
Air Force Base, Washington, D.C., to Spence Field, Moultrie, Georgia, on 
February 10, 1955. (The Dwight D. Eisenhower Library)
EARTH

The official Air Force One Trip Narrative for the flights on February 
10/13, 1955. (The Dwight D. Eisenhower Library)

facsimile of the letter from Gerald Light to Meade Layne describing 
the events surrounding the former’s visit to Edwards/Muroc AFB in 
April 1954.

=========================================================================
CHAPTER FIVE. PUBLIC LANDINGS

In mid-July 1955, England suffered a heat wave for a week, with temperatures
in some areas soaring to 100°F (38°C) or more. Toward midday on 
Sunday, July 17, Margaret Fry was at home in Bexleyheath, Kent-part 
of the London Borough of Bexley-with three of her four children and 
her sister. Her husband, who worked in Middlesex, was away at the time. 
Shaun, the eldest child, had a high temperature, so Margaret walked down 
the road to call her general practitioner (GP) from a public phone box, as 
relatively few families had telephones in those days.

“My GP was on holiday, but his relief was a young Indian, Dr. Thu-
karta,” her account continues. “He examined my eldest and said we should 
go to the surgery immediately to get him medication, as he had sunstroke. 
I  arranged  with  my  sister  to  take  care  of  the  children  and  brought  my 
second son Steve [eight and a half years old] with us, as he used to be rather 
naughty. He sat in the back of the doctor’s brand-new Austin car, and we 
set off.” It was now midday.

“The road I lived on, Hythe Avenue, was quite a long one, and from 
the outset the car was spluttering and stopping. After a while we became 
aware of a heavy shadow over the car. The rest of the sky was bright blue 
and cloudless, the sun blazing to the left of us. We kept peering through 
the windscreen, wondering what was causing the shadow engulfing the 
car. Eventually I asked the doctor if we could stop. ‘No fear,’ he said, ‘I’m 
no mechanic!’

“We turned right onto Ashbourne Avenue and then right into Chess-
ington Avenue, and amazingly this shadow turned at right angles with 
us. By now we definitely knew something was above the car, which then 
spluttered and stopped. ‘Can we get out now?’ Once out of the car, we 
looked up and were horrified to see a concentrated mass of gray cloud-like 
material barely eighteen feet above our heads.

“As we watched, this oval mass started spinning. It then slowly solidified
, and we saw three ball-bearing-like ‘wheels’ come down from what 
I thought was a smooth underside. I did think it was landing and would 
squash us, but we were so shocked, we did not think to move away from 
under it. However, the ‘wheels’ retracted, and it continued to spin and hum 
like a top, combined with a slight whooshing sound like the sea. There was 
absolutely no down-draft, as would be under a helicopter. It then flipped on 
its side, then righted itself again, then flopped down at the crossroads ahead 
of us. ‘My God,’ we exclaimed, ‘it’s one of those flying saucer things!’”

Margaret  told  me  that  the  craft  had  landed  by  the  corner  house  on 
Chessington/Ashbourne avenues, which now has a garage, but then had 
only a wooden fence along the Chessington Avenue side.

“In 1955, few working-class people had cars, so road traffic on a Sunday 
in a suburb was nil. The few cars that people had were parked on the road, 
and children were playing hopscotch on the pavement. They were around 
eight to ten years of age. I yelled out to them and they all came and stood 
around the craft with their mouths open. I then realized it was in fact 
maybe four or five feet off the ground: maybe it had risen. It seemed huge, 
although when we measured the spot years later we found it must have 
been just less than thirty-five feet in diameter.

“It was a typical bell-shaped craft. The surface seemed like pewter; dull, 
yet at times it shone as well. It could have been described as silver, gray, 
blue, metallic, yet not really quite like any of these hues. In fact, it looked 
literally just out of this world. We all knew instinctively what it was. We 
were aghast. Steve had his face pressed to the car window, watching. The 
craft had indents or moldings, that I thought must have been portholes, 
around the center, and below this was a wide ledge, and above, a rounded 
dome  which  had  further  moldings-for  a  door?  What  impressed  itself 
in my memory was that the lower circular part was in sections-or so it 
seemed-with distinct seams and what appeared to be rivets.” [A sketch 
by Margaret is reproduced here.]

“After five or six minutes of being absolutely still near to the road, it then 
tilted toward us slightly, and in that position went up. It wobbled from side 
to side, then at about a hundred feet it stood still and a porthole opened 
up. For the first time, I felt real fear, thinking there had to be people in it: 
when it was near to the ground and we were standing at arm’s length, we 
were so utterly amazed at the craft itself that we did not think of aliens or 
anyone being in it.

“It then ‘swished’ upwards to about thirty thousand feet, which took 
about seven minutes (for some reason we timed it with our watches). 
We got back into the doctor’s car, still dazed. All the way to the surgery, 
the doctor kept repeating that he did not believe in flying saucers. 
He was sure it was a secret American prototype aircraft. ‘What sort of 
secret aircraft would come down in the middle of the day in a built-up 
suburb?’ I replied. We did not even notice that the car was now running
perfectly. After getting the medication, the doctor dropped us 
off at my house.

“I do recall every small detail of this, as does my son Steve. Although 
I related every detail in a letter to my aunt the next day and wrote notes 
and drew sketches into a diary one year later, I always refer back to these.”1
Years later, Margaret gave me a copy of Steve’s official report sent to 
Contact UK, a UFO research group, from which I cite:

“.  .  .  It  was  a  small,  two-door  car,  and  right  away  it  seemed  to  be 
starting and stopping. We turned on to another road and then it stopped. 
I remember the doctor and my mother got out and were looking in the sky, 
so I looked through the side window. I could see a silver or metallic craft 
which had an inner circle of light which was rotating and appeared to me 
to be flashing orange and red lights. There were some children about my 
age playing on the pavement and my mother shouted to them to look up 
at ‘the flying saucer.’ They all did. The doctor was shaken up [and] it took 
him ages getting medicine for my brother. I still remember that he was 
upset. . . . The whole thing has stayed very clear in my memory.”2

“When  we  got  home,”  Margaret  continues,  “both  Steve  and  I  were 
excited in telling our family about the flying saucer. ‘What use was that?’ 
said my sister. ‘Why didn’t they come out?’ Shaun was aggrieved, complaining
he was feeling so ill, and we were talking rubbish, whereupon Steve 
wanted to punch him, insisting we had seen a flying saucer.”

At  the  time,  Margaret’s  father  was  working  as  a  scientist  with  the 
Atomic  Weapons  Establishment  at  Aldermaston,  Berkshire,  and  lived 
nearby with his wife. “When they came to visit me the following weekend 
at Bexleyheath, Dad informed me rather kindly that I had been mistaken; 
the object I had seen was only the sun! ‘Yes, of course,’ I said patiently, ‘but 
this thing had come down in front of us while the sun was to the back of us.’ 
Mother promptly went to purchase the Erith Observer & Kentish Times, to 
see if anyone else had reported the object. She returned in triumph, waving 
the newspaper before Dad. . . . An Erith policeman and several others, it 
transpired, had also seen this craft fairly low to the ground, just after it left 
us at midday on 17 July 1955.”3

Margaret Fry is now a well-known UFO researcher, living in North 
Wales. We first met at her Bexleyheath house in 1972 and have kept in 
regular contact ever since. I can vouch for her total integrity and dedication 
to the subject. Thanks mostly to John Hanson, a retired police constable 
and UFO researcher, further information has come to light that not only 
seems  to  vindicate  Margaret’s  account,  but  also  indicates  that  another, 
similar event occurred a short distance away, in the same week, involving 
numerous witnesses.

In 2002, in an attempt to track down further witnesses, John, together 
with his partner Dawn Holloway, began making inquiries in the Bex-
leyheath  area,  first  at  newspaper  offices.  This  led  to  an  article  about 
the event, including two sketches by Margaret of the craft, appealing 
for  additional  witnesses,  which  appeared  in  the  News  Shopper,  a  local 
newspaper.4 Two weeks later, an article in the same newspaper published 
testimony from Rodney Maynard, 62, a former serviceman. Fifteen at 
the time, Maynard had been working as a labourer on a building site in 
nearby Streamway.

“We were on our lunch break when we heard something was happening 
in King Harold’s Way, so we went up there to have a look,” Maynard told 
the News Shopper following the appeal. “This thing had landed in the 
roadway. It took up the whole width of the road and overlapped onto 
the pavements. It wasn’t on the ground. It had about eight massive suckers 
[underneath]. The center was still, but the outer rim was spinning slowly 
and it had white lights flashing, like a camera flash,” he recalled. (Evidently, 
this craft was different from the one reported by Margaret and others and, 
as it transpired, the landing had occurred several days earlier.)

“There were about thirty of us staring at it. We could hear it humming. 
It had what looked like windows but the glass was concave and molded 
together so you couldn’t see in. A couple of us went forward to try and touch 
it and it began to spin faster. Then the craft lifted slowly off the ground 
and hovered above our heads, tilting slightly.” The craft moved slowly until 
it was over Bedonwell Primary School, where it stayed for about a minute, 
then shot up into the sky.

Maynard, whose sixteen-year-old brother was also present, described the 
craft as “black, sleek and streamlined with a surface like polished metal. 
It was beautiful. . . . I have never forgotten it. . . . We used to talk about it 
among ourselves but our mums kept telling us we hadn’t seen anything.” 
Maynard also listed several other pals who were present: Ron Deadman, 
Tony Savin, Vic Clarke, and Tommy Staggs.5

Margaret told me that this craft had landed close to the junction of King 
Harold’s Way with Orchard Avenue. Maynard provided further information
to  John  and  Dawn.  He  said  that  the  event  had  occurred  “one  hot 
summer’s day in July 1955” when he and his mates and about thirty other 
youths-all aged between fifteen and seventeen years-were working on 
a culvert to carry stream water underground, at the base of King Harold’s 
Way. When they heard a commotion up the hill, they had run up the road 
with other people to see what was happening.6 Maynard’s description 
given to Ron and Dawn is at variance in several respects with that given 
earlier  to the News Shopper-in particular the length of time the craft 
hovered above Bedonwell School:

“It  just  lay  there  on  the  ground,  making  no  noise,  surrounded  by  at 
least sixty people, including many children. We stood there watching as it 
flashed with light, at one-second intervals-so bright, it hurt to look for too 
long. On top of the object was this oval-shaped protrusion that reminded 
me of a nipple. I decided to get closer to the structure, which looked like 
beaten silver, with tiny dots all over it [and] with these massive ‘suckers’ 
underneath. I shouted out to my brother.

“We were so close to it, we could have touched it. The object began to 
wobble from side to side, the suckers drawing in slightly. People started 
to shout, now alarmed. In the blur of movement, too fast for the eye to 
catch, it left, leaving an image on the retina, which lasted for a few seconds. 
I looked across the sky and saw it tilt before coming to a halt in mid-air, 
over Bedonwell School, where it stayed for about two hours.”

Maynard said that, some weeks after the incident, he received a call from 
the local police constable, warning him not to discuss it with anybody. He 
says he complied for nearly a half century, until reading the 2002 local 
newspaper appeal, at which point he reported his own experience. As for 
the witnesses he names, despite publicity and their own research through 
electoral rolls, John and Dawn were unable to find them.

Another  witness  who  came  forward  was  David  Philips,  a  retired 
postman. “I was living on a council house estate in Bexleyheath during July 
1955, about a mile away from your publicized incident in King Harold’s 
Way,” he told John and Dawn. “It was a beautiful hot summer’s day, with 
patchy cloud, when I noticed a disc or saucer-shaped object hovering a few 
hundred feet above the ground, about a mile away. Suddenly it tilted, 
revealing what looked like three ball-bearing-shaped lumps set into its 
underside. I was so excited I ran to the house, shouting for my mother 
and father. As they came running out, whatever it was shot off across 
the sky, like a black streak of lightning, toward the London area, and 
was gone.”7

Since this craft is described as having “three ball-bearing-shaped lumps” 
set into its underside, as opposed to the “eight massive suckers” described 
by Maynard, it is a fair assumption to suggest that it was the same, or 
similar, craft as that seen by Margaret and the other witnesses on July 17. 
The craft reported by Maynard and others is evidently related to another 
event which occurred a few days earlier.

On the afternoon of Thursday, July 14, as Doris Jacques glanced out 
of the open French windows at the back of her house in Hythe Avenue, 
Bexleyheath, she observed a glowing orange half-moon-shaped object 
in the sky, just above the roof of the house behind her back garden. 
On the underside of this craft could be seen small gray oval-shaped 
objects (one of Doris’s sketches appears below). These flew off in all 
directions, returning shortly afterward to the larger craft, which then 
headed toward Bedonwell Primary School, where it hovered over the 
playground.8

Doris Jacques’s daughter Pamela-then a pupil at that school, behind 
Brabourne Crescent-arrived home, excited, at 15:30. “Mummy, did you 
see the flying saucers?” she asked.9
“We were all in the playground, which is right close to Hythe Avenue, 
and we were all looking up,” Pamela Rossiter told me. “What I saw were 
lots of little cigar- or oval-shaped objects, like bright lights-and there 
were so many of them. They were very high up, and they were there for 
quite a long time. And then they all disappeared into one much larger one, 
and it was gone. I remember how we were all so excited. And then I went 
home and told my mum-and she said she’d seen this as well.”10

In  2005,  Margaret  Fry  received  an  anonymous  letter  with  an  Erith, 
Kent, postmark:

“. . . I was one of a group of children playing in the bottom end of Bedon-
well Road when we became aware of a commotion on King Harold’s Way, 
involving lots of people. I ran to see what was going on and had to push my 
way between a man and a woman. The man said, ‘Stay back, we don’t know 
what it is.’ I looked and saw on the ground an object in shape similar to a 
soldier’s tin hat, but the dome part more streamlined. It was on the ground I 
don’t know how long, but then the rim started to slowly spin. You couldn’t see 
the join between the rim and the dome. It appeared as one whole thing. . . .
“Its appearance seemed to be fluid, a translucent, silver color. The sun 
that day was blazing so [that] could have caused the glare from the object, 
distorting its color. It then rose about a foot off the [ground]. A few seconds
 later, it rose twelve or fifteen feet. Underneath the craft were nodules. 
They could have been lights, but [were] the same color as the UFO. All of 
a sudden, it sped off and hovered over Bedonwell School, but quite high 
up-then suddenly it sped silently away, but I remember feeling a low hum 
vibration. There were grown-ups taking children’s details, so all us kids 
took off at this point. . . .”

Through a helpful source at one of the police stations he visited, John 
Hanson met a retired officer, Jim Streek, a young police constable at the 
time who had heard about the King Harold’s Way incident:

“I was on duty and assisting in the return of some property to some 
women when I overheard [their] conversation about a ‘flying saucer’ that 
had landed in King Harold’s Way. I told the Station Sergeant what I had 
heard. He laughed at me [but] my curiosity was aroused and, after completing
 my shift, I changed into ‘civvies’ and went to have a look, as the 
women had seemed serious.

“When I arrived in King Harold’s Way, after cycling there, I noticed a 
small group of children talking to two smartly dressed men, one of whom 
had a clipboard with him, standing next to a large black car. They looked 
like officials from a government department. I decided not to announce 
myself and left. It was only after all those years later, when I read the article 
in the newspaper, [that] I realized the connection.”11

Streek assumed these men to be Air Ministry officials from the Royal 
Arsenal, Woolwich. “This made me wonder how long after the event the 
Air Ministry officials arrived at King Harold’s Way, to take statements 
from any people still standing on the pavement,” Margaret Fry ponders. 
“Of course, the Air Ministry officials would not have knocked on people’s 
doors, thereby adding to the significance of the event, which as always 
Officialdom wants kept secret.”12

Following the incident, Margaret had an attack of paralysis affecting 
her lower limbs. “I could not move and was very frightened,” she recalls. 
“My sister came home from work about 6 p.m., fed the children, and sent 
for our GP, Dr. Lobo, who thought I had polio. These symptoms lasted 
only a short while and I recovered.”

Had being in close proximity to an alien craft had an adverse affect? Dr. 
Thukarta, the young Indian doctor who together with Margaret and her 
son witnessed the landing, died young of a brain tumor a few years later.13
“Some years later, when I decided to investigate this, our own astonishing
 sighting, my GP, Dr. Lobo, told me that Dr. Thukarta had reported 
the incident to the British Medical Board. How much notice did they take, 
I wonder: they did not bother to interview me nor those children. I have 
in fact tried to contact them over the years, periodically, without success, 
as I no longer live in North Kent.14

“I calculate that, with the ninety residents of King Harold’s Way, plus the 
thirty teenagers, then the ten or twelve children on Ashbourne Avenue plus 
Dr. Thukarta, Steve, and myself, approximately 130 people had witnessed 
these amazing events,” Margaret told me. This estimate may be unreliable, 
bearing in mind that so many could not be traced-or chose not to come 
forward. Nonetheless, numerous witnesses were present at these events. 
Close encounters with landed craft reported by large groups are rare. The 
Bexleyheath incidents, for me, are the most convincing.

And yet, apart from the report in a local newspaper, why did such a 
momentous story not appear in the national press? “In 1955,” Margaret 
explains, “we were not a publicity-conscious nation of people. I do not 
suppose that it occurred to any one of those people to contact a [national] 
newspaper. In addition, the remaining witnesses still on King Harold’s Way 
when the Air Ministry officials had arrived must have been told not to talk 
about the incident; no doubt later they also informed their neighbors.”15

And why were no photographs taken? Cameras were not that common 
in 1955, and it is likely that those who possessed them did not have them 
to hand when the incidents occurred. In the unlikely event that any photos 
had been taken, it is also feasible that they would have been confiscated by 
the Air Ministry officials.

How did Margaret feel in the ensuing weeks after her encounter? “Well, 
firstly  an  elation  that  we  are  not  alone  in  this  vast,  vast  universe,”  she 
explains. “I think almost every human being who has the ability to think 
must yearn to feel that at least some of the myriad upon myriad of stars we 
see in the night sky, which represent suns with perhaps planets revolving 
around them, such as in our solar system, are also teeming with life as 
we know it. So, I was elated. I felt as though I had my feet striding two 
worlds-wherever that other world may be. And the link had been that 
strange object. However, with these feelings of elation came loneliness. My 
son was too young to share these sentiments with, and it isolated me from 
the rest of my family. . . .”16

AUSTRALIA
The Bexleyheath event is not an isolated case. In 1966, for instance, several 
hundred Australian witnesses, including students, teachers, and residents 
in Clayton South-a Melbourne, Victoria, suburb-witnessed an astonishing
 series of events. The following synopsis is based on an article in an 
educational magazine by Tina Luton, who interviewed researcher Shane 
Ryan, an English lecturer at the University of Canberra who has spent five 
years  investigating  the  case,  interviewing  hundreds  of  residents  as  well 
as former staff and pupils from three schools in the area to complete his 
documentary, Westall ’66: A Suburban UFO Mystery, which aired on SBS 
television in late 2010.

At about 10:15 on the morning of April 6, a group of Westall High 
School  students  were  completing  a  sports  session  when  a  silvery  gray 
saucer-shaped  craft,  about  twice  the  size  of  a  family  car,  overflew  the 
school and descended behind some trees on the Grange Reserve in front 
of Westall State School. One girl, Terry Peck, was playing cricket when 
the craft approached. She chased after it into the reserve. Two other girls 
were already on the scene. “One was terribly upset, and they were pale, 
really ghostly white,” Terry recalls. “They said they had passed out. One 
was taken to hospital in an ambulance.”

Other staff and students, alerted by cries of astonishment, rushed outside
 to see what all the commotion was about. “There are flying saucers 
in the sky!” said one boy as he came in and interrupted a Year 8 science 
lesson. “We all burst out laughing, but the teacher said, ‘Let’s go and 
have a look,’” Joy Clarke recollects. “It took a minute or two to sink in 
what I was looking at. There were three of them, flying saucers like you 
see in comic books.”

Suzanne Savage, another pupil, was present with Joy and their teacher, 
Andrew Greenwood, as they observed the objects. One, seemingly larger 
than  the  others,  disappeared  behind  some  trees  and  then  reappeared, 
hovering a while before banking on its side and disappearing in seconds.17
At one point, five light aircraft, presumed to have come from Moorabbin 
Airport, arrived on the scene. “They flew low, down toward the flying 
saucer, as if trying to get closer to it,” Shane Ryan reports. “And every 
time they seemed to edge toward the strange craft, it just flitted away, as 
if playing a game with them of cat-and-mouse. . . .

“By this stage, about 300 of the high school’s 485 students had amassed 
on and around the oval, many climbing the high wooden fence on the 
school’s  western  boundary,  and  the  wire  fence  at  the  foot  of  the  huge 
high-tension electric power pylon that stood on the school’s southwestern 
corner.” Two such pylons were located at either end of the boundaries of 
the school property. “The flying saucer had lifted off and over these power 
lines as it ascended into the sky from the school and moved south toward 
the Grange [reserve]. At the sight of the flying saucer disappearing behind 
the pine trees, a huge chunk of kids who had been watching did what they 
all knew to be clearly against school rules [and] jumped the low wire fence 
that separated the school from the drainage ditch [and then] ran toward 
the Grange.”18

The craft, apparently, had landed. Pauline Kelly, in Year 9 at the time, 
currently the school’s bursar, did not see the craft, but she and two friends 
saw where it had landed. “There was a perfect circle burned into the grass,” 
she confirms.

Unlike Bexleyheath, the Westall event made the front page of the local 
Dandenong Journal for two weeks running, as well as Channel Nine evening 
news. But there were repercussions. “The film canister from this coverage 
was recently found empty,” Suzanne Savage reported. And following the 
incident,  she  also  noted  the  presence  of  people  in  uniforms,  including 
police. “The next morning the principal, Mr. Frank Samblebe, called a 
special assembly and said he never wanted us to speak of it again . . . and 
that there was no such thing as flying saucers.” Science teacher Andrew 
Greenwood and others, including students, were warned against speaking 
about the matter by officials who visited them either at their homes or in 
the principal’s office.

Jacqueline Argent, then in Year 9, was one of the first students over the 
fence, looking for where the larger saucer had landed. The following day 
she was called into the principal’s office and interrogated by three men. 
“They had good quality suits and were well-spoken. ‘I suppose you saw 
little green men?’ they said.”19

Although a number of parents-such as those who viewed the circle 
in the grass-believed their offspring, others did not. “To this day,” says 
Shane Ryan, “after forty-five long years have passed, many are still hurt 
that their own parents and siblings refused to believe them, or at least were 
reluctant to. . . .”20


CHAPTER SIX. TALES FROM THE VIENNA WOODS

In  Alien  Base,  I  cited  at  some  length  the  remarkable  encounter  with 
aliens in the Vienna Woods in October 1962, reported to me by Bobby, 
a Filipino pianist then studying at the Vienna Akademie. Bobby had 
been “guided” to a certain area, where he noted a sudden “strange, sinister 
stillness” (as in the Monguzzi case). “I looked up and saw the leaves and 
branches of the trees shaking, disturbed by the sudden rush of air coming 
from a strange object,” he reported. “I could hear the whistling sound the 
object made as it glided smoothly and nearer to where I stood.”

The craft landed on three legs about a hundred feet from him. Three 
humanoid occupants, with lean, strong-looking bodies, dressed in tight-
fitting black-brown suits extending from their shoes to their head, alighted. 
Around their faces-which appeared human-they wore a glass visor with 
two tube-like devices attached from under their chins to their back, ending 
in what looked like an oxygen tank.

“Someone said something that seemed like a question, but I couldn’t 
understand a word,” said Bobby. One of the group-presumed to be the 
leader-then pressed something on a small box he was carrying and a beam 
of red light fell upon Bobby’s eyes, inducing a soothing effect. The box 
also acted in part as a translating device, since the leader asked Bobby a 
question in English, with a slight accent, similar to that of Germans. The 
device also was able to detect Bobby’s eyeglasses, before he took them out 
of his pocket.

Asked by the leader if he would like to be with them or visit their place, 
Bobby declined. There followed a lengthy discourse on the iniquities of 
mankind, and a number of dire warnings, such as the following:

“Observe carefully the great mass of humanity killing each other through 
centuries of war and strife. . . . There are thousands of good people on your 
planet, but the mean and selfish humanity outnumbers the good by millions 
and millions. . . . Some day you will all be wiped out by your own greedi-
ness, and if a few good people live through that, then they will propagate 
and breed an unselfish humanity and no longer will there be continuous 
strife. . . . There is a great and possible danger, too, that your humanity’s 
intense desire to conquer, eventually seeking power and domination over 
the other  planets,  will  mean  only  a  complete  massacre  for  Earthmen, 
because other planets will retaliate with terrifying power and force. . . . 
This is our message. Transmit it and let humanity beware.”1

Assuming substance to this story, as I do, since Bobby was a friend at 
the time, one can only wonder at the apparent lack of discrimination shown 
by these extraterrestrials regarding their choice of contact. Though deeply 
affected by this encounter, and other related experiences which ensued, 
Bobby was reluctant to tell even a few people about it, much less humanity 
at large. And even if he had transmitted the message to all and sundry, 
would it have made the slightest difference?

Bobby believed that most people who have had similar encounters suffer 
from depression and other sequelae, owing to the futility of proving their 
experiences to others. But at least the story was published.


A REVERSAL OF ROLES

Josef Wanderka must be the only person on this planet who claimed not 
only to have ridden a motorbike into a flying saucer but-in a refreshing 
reversal of roles-lectured its occupants on the iniquities of humankind. 
Born in Vienna in 1929, he became an active member of an anti-fascist 
sabotage group in 1944, until Austria’s liberation from the Nazis the following
year. A jeweler by trade, Wanderka’s first sighting of an unknown 
flying craft occurred in 1954. The following is extracted from an account 
he wrote in 1975,2 from my interview with him in Vienna,3 and ensuing 
correspondence.

Wanderka had bought a Fuchs FM40S 1.5hp single-cylinder engine to 
attach to the left side of the rear wheel of his bicycle, the better to enjoy 
recreational trips in the forests surroundings Vienna. On a late summer 
night in 1954, he was riding his roadster on high ground near Hördl forest 
in Vienna’s 13th district, admiring a magnificent view of Vienna, when 
suddenly he noticed a cigar-shaped silver object hovering over the city, 
moving from north to south:

“Its  metallic,  shining  outer  skin  was  so  bright  that  I  thought  it  was 
reflecting an anti-aircraft defense searchlight, which I recalled from wartime. 
But I could see no sign of any such searchlight. The distance between me and 
the craft must have been at least five miles, which made it seem the size of a 
medium-sized modern airliner, moving at about the speed of a sports plane.”
Wanderka dumped his roadster in a ditch and dashed to a nearby field 
that  afforded  a  better  view.  There  he  encountered  some  Soviet  Army 
soldiers who had a base nearby (part of Austria was under Soviet occupation
 at the time). They too had been observing the craft, and one joked 
that it might be a secret Soviet weapon. But Wanderka’s definitive close 
encounter-in late August or early September of 1955-had a much greater 
impact. It was to change him forever.

On this occasion, he was riding in woodland about fifteen miles from 
the city, toward Arbesthal. It was between 14:00 and 15:00. “Suddenly, I 
saw a dull metallic silver light shining through the shrubs. I rode toward 
the shrubs to find a gap where I could get through [and] when I did, I 
found myself in a glade.

“On the grass stood a metallic, disc-shaped object of about 2.5 meters 
height and 10–12 meters width, with a group of people in front of it [see 
photo section]. I couldn’t see any windows, portholes, or lights on its even 
and arched surface. Neither could I make out any wheels or undercarriage, 
but there was a ramp of about four meters in length and two meters width 
[extending from] a roughly rectangular opening [with] half-moon-shaped 
frames to each side of the opening. The distance between me and the disc 
was about twenty meters. I decided to enter the disc. . . .”

“What on earth persuaded you to take such a dare-devil risk?” I asked 
him, when we finally met in Vienna.

“At  that  time,  I  didn’t  care  so  much  what  would  happen  to  me,”  he 
explained.  “I  was  tired  of  life,  and  also  had  private  problems  with  my 
girlfriend. I wasn’t even that concerned about dying. I already thought the 
disc was from another planet, and that perhaps they’d come to rescue me!”
His report continues: “The inside of the disc-shaped object was illuminated
 by an indirect yellow light. It resembled the ideal illumination for an 
‘intimate’ living-room atmosphere, which we try to achieve today. The short, 
arched walls seemed to continue infinitely in the background. I could see 
neither levers, instrument boards nor panels, seats, or beds for the passengers.
“The inside of the disc was illuminated in an inviting way, giving me 
no reason to be afraid. I switched my engine off and freewheeled onto the 
ascending ramp and into the disc. When I stopped, I found myself in front 
of a group of five or six beings, about 1.80 meters tall [with] unblemished, 
beautiful faces that one can only find with children between the age of 
six and ten.

“Their clothes consisted of overalls of a grayish color without any signs 
of seams, pockets, or any openings. The shoes were incorporated into this 
clothing and didn’t show any outline of toes. The hands were covered with 
mitts, also incorporated in their overalls. Since these overalls were loosely 
covering  their  slim  figures,  I  couldn’t  make  out  the  sexes,  for  example 
contours of breasts. Their necks came out of a sort of silk frill. Their hair 
was mid-length and blond, and they wore a close-fitting cap on the back 
of their heads.”

Remaining seated on his bike, Wanderka introduced himself, saying 
where he lived and apologizing for having intruded in such a fashion. The 
aliens said they came from “the highest part of the Cassiopeia constellation
, from Earth’s perspective.” Asked how they could speak German, they 
replied simply that they’d learned it. Their voices were similar to those 
of female adult humans, with a high pitch. “They pronounced the individual
 syllables similar to the accent of English people speaking German. 
Although I didn’t know much about astronomy at that time, the distance 
between our Earth and Cassiopeia sounded enormous to me. However, it 
seemed more important to ask them what type of society they lived in.”

Wanderka-a committed and evidently fanatical socialist at the time-
went on to explain Earth’s various types of societies and the iniquities of 
mankind.  As  leading  researcher  Gordon  Creighton  noted  wryly  in  his 
résumé of the case: “Herr Wanderka [delivered] a summary account of 
the conditions prevailing upon our planet, delivering himself of a splendid 
and heated left-wing harangue well larded with all the usual clichés, and 
directed primarily against inequalities and privileges. Maybe the visitors 
found this a trifle boring, for after a while their attention seemed to rivet 
onto the odor of warm oil coming from his little motor.”4

“Oil was dripping out of the valve near the cylinder, which was also 
covered with an oily skin and now smelled owing to the heat,” Wanderka’s 
report continues. “I changed the subject and explained how my little engine 
worked-which evidently met with great interest.

“During my explanation of the types of terrestrial societies, the crew 
appeared  to  be  very  open-minded  and  interested.  They  told  me  their 
system no longer had different classes and that they knew all about the 
old-fashioned social structure on Earth. This I took as an opportunity to 
point out the miseries, diseases, and famine which kill millions of people. 
The surprising reply by the crew was that I myself should lead some attempt 
to overcome these problems; that I would be the best to understand how to 
start such a reformation on Earth. I abruptly refused this idea, telling them 
about the huge number of government officials who only serve a privileged 
class instead of the whole nation.”

Wanderka told the extraterrestrials that they themselves should initiate a 
type of society on Earth in which everyone is equal, because (he assumed) 
interplanetary beings were not corrupted by the temptations of Earth and 
had an overwhelming technological advantage. Such was the strength of 
his passionate delivery that the crew apparently was moved to tears!

“I therefore decided it was time to leave the spaceship as informally 
as I had entered it about twenty minutes earlier. I briefly waved my 
hand and wished them a pleasant day, whereupon they bowed, in a far-
eastern style. I turned my roadster, upon which I had been sitting all 
the time, through 180 degrees, managing it as easily as if on a smooth 
icy surface, then rolled down the ramp and out onto the grass in front 
of the spaceship.”

Wanderka  was  puzzled  by  the  ease  with  which  he  turned  the  bike. 
“The pattern of the floor looked like a Belgian waffle, which normally has 
grooves-though I can’t say there were any,” he recalled for me.

“The only way I can explain my being able to turn around so easily-
bearing in mind the weight of my bike (30 kg) and myself (80 kg)-is 
that I was under the influence of the same energy which propelled the 
craft. This was the most impressive part of my encounter. I was rather 
disappointed with the rest, since I’d expected the crew to be more helpful. 
They didn’t tell me how to overcome the social problems on Earth, and 
I didn’t feel up to taking a leading part in a revolution. For this reason, I 
didn’t even look back to see the craft taking off, but took the nearest way 
home . . . also I didn’t want to be questioned by any possible witnesses.”

Wanderka told no one about his experience for many years.

INSIDE THE CRAFT
“The inside of the flying disc corresponded basically with its outer form, 
whereby the edge of the inner disc didn’t seem to be as curved as the outside, 
which was probably due to a cavity. When I entered the object, I noticed 
thick half-moon-shaped corners on both sides of the entrance opening. 
The ceiling inside seemed to be highly arched at the top-like the outer 
surface. Because of this, the ceiling and walls gave the optical illusion of 
blending into each other.

“From my seated position, I was unable to see any instruments-they 
might have been covered by the crew standing in front of them. Due to 
the diffused illumination, I couldn’t see anything to sit or lie on. It might 
have been that seats or beds were installed in the walls or floor, or that they 
were hovering inside the disc during flights.

“I reckoned that the propulsion and guidance instruments were located 
underneath the floor and between the gaps of the inside and outside walls. 
As far as I remember from the crew’s explanation, they operate by manipulating
 gravity and antigravity.” At that time, Wanderka didn’t understand 
the meaning behind all the technical terms they gave him, but later worked 
out that they somehow shrank space and time. As he explained to me:

“They told me that a ‘cyclotronic aggregate’ caused a rotating energy field 
which puts the whole craft into a ‘self-gravitating field.’ This form of energy 
is known to us as gravity and antigravity energy. The direction of flight 
could be determined by an oscillating frequency. Due to the motive power, 
it was possible to overcome the distance of light years, which is beyond our 
terrestrial physical concept of time and space. In nuclear science on Earth, 
the cyclotronic aggregate creates heavy matter by making atomic particles 
heavier than their original weight so that they subsequently rotate.”

I asked Josef Wanderka for his overall impression of the visitors. “They 
had a child-like appearance,” he replied, “and I got the impression they 
didn’t want to come too close to us. They see us perhaps as we see primitive
 savages.”

“How do you feel now, more than forty years after this extraordinary 
encounter?” I inquired.

“It was a mental elation for me, and it led me to study technical terms, 
for example. The whole experience still lurks in my subconscious. It’s always 
there, and it replaces for me what others call religion.”

Was he aware that some encounters with extraterrestrials had been less 
than benevolent?

“There’s been a lot said about them being bad,” he answered, “but 
I don’t see it that way-at least, not from my own experience. In any 
case, I don’t think there’s a civilization anywhere that’s as bad as ours. I 
can hardly imagine them organizing a holocaust like the Nazis did. . . .”


============================================================================
CHAPTER SEVEN. INFILTRATION


According to Harold T. Wilkins, a pre-eminent British author and 

researcher at the time, an unnamed friend of his who served as a pilot 
in the U.S. Air Force reported to Wilkins in the summer of 1953 that 
he had heard sensational rumors purporting that the chiefs of the U.S. Air 
Force had secret information that “mysterious individuals in the U.S. were 
known to have had contacts with some of the entities on one type of flying 
saucer. These individuals were alleged to be meeting flying saucer entities 
in remote places, in regions of the U.S. that are still unmapped, had taken 
orders from them, and were going round in parts of the west and middle 
west on some secret purpose connected with these mysterious objects. Nor, 
said my friend, did the U.S. Air Force believe that any foreign power was 
concerned in the matter. . . .”1

Reports of flying saucer sightings in California’s Mojave Desert were 
rife in early April 1954. In hopes of a sighting, Carl Anderson, together 
with his family and some friends, set off for a camping trip near Desert 
Hot Springs. As the convoy of three cars neared a dirt road on their left, 
an “uncontrollable unseen force” started to turn Carl’s driving wheel.

“I  immediately  thought  that  something  had  gone  wrong  with  the 
steering mechanism,” he reports. “And then a voice whispered in my ear: 
‘Turn here, drive three miles and stop.’” Had his wife Stella, sitting beside 
him, been responsible? She said not. “It seemed,” he explained, “as if I had 
suddenly been bathed from head to foot in lukewarm water, and the voice 
had actually seemed to come from inside my head, neither in my right nor 
my left ear, but from somewhere inside my brain.”

At the end of the three-mile drive, Carl and Stella set up a tent, which 
they shared with their daughter Betty-Ann and son Bobby. A stove was 
lit and a snack meal consumed. It was a beautiful starry night in the clear 
desert air. But alas, no flying saucers, so the group retired some time after 
midnight.  Brothers-in-law  Jim  Stewart  and  Harold  Spencer,  and  their 
respective wives Terry and Eleanor, bedded down in their cars.

“How  long  I  slept  I  do  not  know,”  said  Carl.  “Suddenly  I  was  wide 
awake and sitting upright. Stella and Betty-Ann were also sitting up, but 
Bobby was still sleeping. As the three of us sat there wondering what had 
awakened us, a miracle happened.

“The tent slowly began to disappear until it became absolutely invisible and, 
looking out across the desert, apparently hovering a few inches off the ground, 
was a large shining disc. The diameter of this craft was about sixty feet. . . . 
Five windows, or portholes, were visible from where we were. The unearthly 
vehicle glowed all over with a dull fluorescent light [and] a sort of halo seemed 
to surround the entire craft. I could not tell whether it had any landing gear. It 
appeared to hover about eighteen or twenty inches off the ground.

“I tried to move toward this object. I wanted to go over and touch it, but I 
found that I could not move an inch. I was completely paralyzed. Stella and 
Betty-Ann later said they had the very same experience. . . . I did however 
manage to roll my eyes enough to glance at my wrist watch. The luminous 
dial read three o’clock (a.m.). We did not know at the time just how long 
we remained in this paralyzed condition while we continued to watch and 
listen. We could now hear voices mumbling in a low tone, but could not tell, 
however, if the conversation was in English, as the sounds were very faint.

“After what seemed hours, we began to hear a slight humming sound 
like a generator running-a low droning, pulsating hum. The dim glow 
surrounding the saucer slowly took on an orange cast, then a bright red 
color. Then it started to rise straight up, very slowly at first, then faster 
and faster as it got higher and higher. The red light changed to a brilliant 
blueish white. Then slowly the tent began to reappear [and] we were free 
to move about.

“We sprang to our feet and looked out through the tent flap. The brilliant 
blue-white light was streaking across the sky and soon disappeared over the 
horizon near Mt. San Gorgonio. Betty-Ann’s first words were, ‘Daddy, where 
did the tent go? And why couldn’t I move?’ Harold and Eleanor had also 
been paralyzed and the car in which they were sleeping rendered invisible. 
But strangely enough Jim and Terry, being farther away in their car, had not 
even been awakened, and were dumbfounded when told of the saucer’s visit.
“The next morning,” said Carl, “the clock in my car, which had been at 
some distance from the saucer, was fifteen minutes faster than my wrist 
watch, indicating that it had stopped at three a.m. for a period of fifteen 
minutes. The paralyzing rays had evidently stopped it. Since my watch is 
self-winding, it must have started again when the craft took off.”

In the late summer of 1955, while working at the U.S. Navy Yard near 
the No. 1 Dry Dock in Long Beach on an electrical installation, Carl suddenly
 felt suffused with a familiar warmth. A huge silvery disc appeared 
in the blue sky, observed also by his workmates. “It was of tremendous size 
and hovered perfectly motionless, [then] seemed to turn on its side and roll 
across the sky like a gigantic wheel. It stopped abruptly and shot straight 
out of sight [then reappeared], slowly circled, then started to descend [and] 
made several right-angle turns.

“As we watched, a jet fighter appeared, streaking swiftly toward this 
huge shining saucer, which was now hovering. On rushed the jet until it 
seemed it would crash into this monster from another world. Then quick 
as a flash the disc shot to one side and the jet missed it by a very wide 
margin. The speed of the jet took it way off over the city before its pilot 
could finally circle and start back. The first performance was repeated [and] 
the saucer avoided the plane. Making another side circle, the jet returned. 
This time its tactics were different. It went into a steep dive, then started 
to climb straight up [to] beneath the space visitor, and a third time it was 
a complete miss, as the saucer darted to one side then shot straight up and 
disappeared. . . . But as usual, not a word appeared in the press.”

On October 2, 1955, eighteen months after the first encounter, Carl felt 
compelled to drive to the desert. Accompanied by his wife and Jim Stewart, 
they decided to spend a night under the stars in sleeping bags. They had 
planned to head for Desert Hot Springs but, again, the car seemed to have 
a mind of its own. “Upon rounding a sharp bend,” said Carl, “we once 
more came upon what appeared to be a small dry lake-bed [and] we were 
surrounded by huge boulders. As I sat there wondering if this were my 
appointed destination, the motor stopped [and] I discovered to my amazement
that the ignition key had been turned off. This we immediately took 
to be our answer-this was the spot where we would camp.”

Shortly before midnight, a brilliant blueish-white light came streaking 
soundlessly toward the group and began circling overhead. Very slowly, 
it started to descend. “We were all now on our feet. The moon shone on 
this huge craft, and we could look up from beneath. It looked like a plate 
slowly falling. . . .

“The great craft was now scarcely two hundred feet overhead. We could 
now make out three round ball-like objects, equally spaced near the outer rim 
of the ship, from which the fluorescent glowing light appeared to emanate. 
The craft seemed to bounce up and down slightly, as if the Earth’s gravity 
were gradually being canceled out. We could hear the pulsating hum. Each 
time the craft bounced, the hum would increase, then decrease. . . .”

Sketch by Frederic S. Aber

Suddenly panic-stricken, Stella ran toward the car. The craft immediately
climbed rapidly but descended again when the others signaled to it 
with a flare. Jim burned his hand severely on the flare, whereupon the craft 
emitted a bright glow and disappeared. And then something miraculous 
occurred, as testified in his affidavit:

“This is to certify that I, James R. Stewart, did on or about the 2nd day 
of October in the year 1955 witness a huge object hovering above me on 
the California desert in a remote spot south of Victorville. I also had the 
uncanny experience of having a severe burn which I had suffered from a 
burning flare, miraculously healed, as this object changed color. . . .”2

The other witnesses also signed affidavits testifying to these extraordinary
events, one of which-by Stella Anderson-is reproduced on p. 112.

CONTACT
Further encounters ensued, including a contact in February 1960. I have 
condensed the following report from a lecture given by Anderson in 1966:
“On the night-or I should say morning-of February 14, 1960, I 
was ushered personally aboard a 200-foot craft on the Mojave Desert, 
some ten to twenty miles north of the town of Yucca Valley. I remained 
on board this craft for two hours and twenty minutes, during which 
time  I  was  given  some  very  important  information.  And  I  was  told 
that I was to take this information to some great scientists. And when 
I questioned this, the man who told me this informed me that the way 
would  be  made  clear,  that  all  expenses  would  be  taken  care  of,  and 
that I would go to Germany and talk with some noted scientists and 
physicists in that country.

“I asked why I had to go to another country [and] why I couldn’t see 
physicists in my own country, because it so happens that in 1932 or 1933 I 
was employed by none other than Dr. Vannevar Bush [a pivotal pioneer of 
nuclear weapon technology]. At that time, he was with the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology. I lived with him in his house in Belmont, Massachusetts
, for two years. I was very well acquainted with him-he’s one of 
our noted physicists and scientists. And I asked why I had to go to a foreign 
country to impart this knowledge [and] I was told that scientists here in my 
own country would turn a deaf ear to what I had to say, therefore I would 
have to go where people were capable of listening and understanding, and 
would accept the truth.”3

Anderson flew to Germany on October 17, 1960, and participated in 
a UFO conference at Wiesbaden. Another participant was Dr. Hermann 
Oberth, one of the true pioneers of astronautics (whom I met in 1972 at 
his home in Germany). In 1955 Oberth had been invited by Dr. Wernher 
von Braun (his former assistant) to go the United States, where he worked 
on rockets at the Army Ballistic Missile Agency, and later with NASA 
at the George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. 
Oberth returned to Germany in 1958.

PROPULSION TECHNOLOGY
The  information  imparted  by  Anderson  at  the  1966  Reno  conference 
included much data relating to alien propulsion technology, based on the 
information imparted to him by his alien friends in February 1960:

“Most everything we read about the craft-the way they’re propelled-
we read it in terms of an electromagnetic field. This is not entirely true. 
There are two forces involved. There is an electromagnetic force field; 
however, there is also a very, very high-voltage static charge involved. . . . 
And it is this static charge that has caused the scorched bushes and the 
scorched grass, where these craft have landed and made contact. This 
is from the static charge, which contains billions [and] billions of volts. 
But as such, it is not actually a danger to human life because there is no 
amperage involved.

“Now many people wonder why these craft have been seen going through 
the sky at terrific rates of speed that have been clocked on radar and by 
other means, and being able to negotiate the seemingly impossible maneuvers
and turns that they make-instantaneous stops and starts-traveling 
near the speed of light and making 90- and 45-degree turns. And they 
say these people cannot be human people inside these things, they must 
be machines, they must be robots, they could never stand the pressures 
that  are  being  brought  about  during  these  quick  turns  and  quick  stops 
and starts. This [would be] very, very true, provided they use Earthmen’s 
means and methods. But we know they are much more highly evolved-not 
only spiritually, morally, physically, but also mentally and electronically, 
and in every other thing that you can name they are much, much further 
advanced than we are.

“This is what they have done: they have made a vehicle and they have 
harnessed the forces of nature; they have copied a real planet. Now, the 
planet Earth that we know spins on its axis, which is nothing more in itself 
than a static generator-a huge static generator.”4

During a Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Pueblo, Colorado, on July 
22, 1952, Joe Rohrer of Pikes Peak Radio Co. recounted an interesting story 
relating to early knowledge of alien propulsion technology which endorses 
some of Anderson’s claims: “A Californian air pilot told me that, in 1942, 
he had been right inside a giant saucer and seen giant flywheels sheathed 
in metal skins, and found that the motive force came from electrostatic 
turbines, whose flywheels create an electro-magnetic field of force, creating 
tremendous speeds. . . .”5

Anderson learned that part of the propulsion system of the spacecraft 
he went on involved a “wheel within a wheel,” the principal process by 
which they derived their motive power. “This in essence is nothing more 
than a gigantic static generator,” he explained. “One of these wheels turns 
in a counter-clockwise direction, the other in a clockwise direction. And 
when these two counter-rotating forces reach a speed equivalent with the 
[rotation] of the Earth or of the planet involved, and in direct relation to 
its mass, then a static charge is forthcoming to the extent that it is repelled 
away from the Earth.

“We know that the Earth has a magnetic field surrounding it. Now, 
when you are inside a magnetic field, you are in truth inside of a gravity 
field, because gravity, electricity, and magnetism are one and the same. 
. . . When you go into a gravity field, every atom, every molecule, every 
electron  of  your  body  is  acted  upon  simultaneously  with  every  atom 
and molecule of everything around it. And therefore, these people, being 
inside a gravity field, have no sense of motion, no knowledge whatsoever 
of quick turns, of stops and starts, because they in reality, from an atomic 
standpoint, are a part of the craft itself. . . .

“Now, another thing that our scientists do not understand is how these 
craft can travel with such fantastic speeds in our atmosphere without getting
 hot and disintegrating and burning up. Well, here again, it’s because 
the forces of nature have been harnessed in this vehicle, and an ioniza-
tion effect as such takes place with this static charge surrounding the 
craft-the skin of the craft-whereby you have several inches of complete 
insulation on the outside of the craft by means of a vacuum, in which 
your craft travels through a vacuum and carries its vacuum along with 
it all the time. It can never get hot, it can never get cold; it remains the 
same temperature always.

“So, you see, they have thought of everything. And they tell us that 
our science knows this, but it’s being kept from us. . . . Now, when I took 
this information to Germany, I was received with open arms [by] various 
other physicists and scientists who were associated at that time, or who 
had previously been associated in one way or another-with the teaching 
staff  or  in  an  advisory  capacity-with  Heidelberg  University,  and  who 
were in complete accord with what I had to tell them. And checking it out 
mathematically, Dr. Hermann Oberth said, ‘My God, it will work! Why 
haven’t we thought of this?’”6

Oberth was one of the few scientists to have the courage to speak out on 
the controversial UFO topic. In 1962, he wrote an illuminating article in 
which he refers to the Wiesbaden conference in general-and to Anderson 
in particular:

“As far as the so-called ‘contact’ persons are concerned (those persons 
who allege they have been passengers in UFOs or have spoken to space 
people),” he wrote, “I had expected to encounter swindlers, hysterics, or 
schizophrenics.  But  I  must  say  that  among  these  contact  persons,  Carl 
Anderson,  particularly,  made  quite  a  congenial,  reasonable,  and  clean-
cut impression. Skeptics should understand that I studied medicine and 
began my professional career as a doctor in a military hospital for three 
years, where I also had the care of mentally ill persons [and] I would bet a 
hundred to one that some of the contact persons are normal and have seen 
and experienced something. . . .”7

Oberth was skeptical that aliens would look like us. But it is interesting 
to note that in the article his technical explanations for UFO propulsion 
parallel  many  of  those  revealed  by  Anderson  in  his  1960  presentation 
(which Oberth translated into German after the conference) and, more 
comprehensively, during private meetings with Oberth and other scientists. 
“We cannot take the credit for our record advancement in certain scientific 
fields  alone;  we  have  been  helped,”  conceded  Oberth  some  years  later. 
When asked by whom, he replied, “The people of other worlds.”8

Regarding UFO sightings per se, Oberth calculated that 11% of reports 
resisted conventional explanations. “They cannot be hoaxes or lies because 
they  involve  responsible  men  such  as  senior  air  force  officers,  or  radar 
readings, or photographs from responsible sources. . . . Furthermore, the 
reports check out against each other so well that a common origin is to be 
concluded from them. . . .” He then proceeds to describe the “state of the 
art”-at least, as it was in 1962:

“The discs always fly in an attitude as if the driving power were effective
 vertically with the plane of the disc; when they hover steadily over a 
certain area they are in a horizontal position; if they want to fly fast they 
tilt and fly with the broad side facing forward.

“In sunlight, which is stronger than the luminosity of the discs, they 
appear to have a metallic sheen. At night they appear dark orange or cherry 
red if their maneuvers are such that little driving power is required-such as 
hovering. Under such conditions they emit very little light. If more driving 
power is required, the luminosity increases and they appear yellow, then 
yellowish green, then green like a copper flame, and at the highest speeds or 
accelerations glaringly white. They also may suddenly light up brightly 
or darken, even disappear. . . .

“If we establish the working hypothesis that the UFOs are machines, 
we also have to assume the following:

“. . . They are flying by means of artificial fields of gravity. This would 
explain the sudden changes of directions. If an apparatus built by humans 
were capable of changing its direction and speed as suddenly as do UFOs, 
the passengers would be pressed against the wall so violently they would 
be crushed to death. Artificial fields of gravity, however, would mean 
that  the  occupant  would  be  rushing  forward  along  with  the  vehicle 
and that between him and the vehicle no tractive force [the pulling force 
exerted by a vehicle, or machine or body] would even come into being. 
The hypothesis also would explain the piling up of the discs into a cylin-
drical or cigar-shaped mother ship upon leaving the earth because in this 
fashion only one field of gravity would be required for all discs.

“They produce high-tension electric charges in order to push the air 
out of their paths, so it does not start glowing, and strong magnetic fields 
to influence the ionized air at higher altitudes. First, this would explain 
their  luminosity.  Even  the  poles  of  our  electric  influence  or  induction 
machines glow in the dark. Secondly, it would explain the noiselessness 
of UFO flight. Our jet aircraft have a high noise level because they move 
through the calm air and create violent turbulences. The UFO, however, 
does not create turbulences near it because the air has the same speed it 
has, and the speed of the air decreases gradually with distance from the 
UFO. . . . Finally, this assumption also explains the strong electrical and 
magnetic effects sometimes, though not always, observed in the vicinity 
of UFOs. . . .”9

COLONIZATION
Anderson’s particular alien contacts, who said they had come from Mars, 
explained that Earth had been colonized thousands of years ago by two 
extraterrestrial  races  which  had  amalgamated.  These  races  supposedly 
had  been  responsible  for  the  great  pyramids.  “Primarily,  the  pyramids 
were constructed for means of generating a huge amount of energy which 
was used to charge their crafts when they came here from outer space,” 
he explained in his 1966 lecture. “The cosmic energy rays of the universe 
came down upon the pyramids [and] these rays, upon striking these sides 
of the pyramids-the sides being constructed at the perfect angle-were 
radiated off the apex and shot for many, many hundreds of miles out into 
space, just like a beam from a huge searchlight, only in this case being an 
invisible beam. And their craft would hover over this beam and re-charge 
their units.

“This was the reason why pyramids are built all around the earth-you 
can follow a circle around the earth. They’re in China, they’re in South 
America, they’re in various places, [constructed] for the purpose of charging 
their units when they came here, and their energy was getting to such a low 
ebb that they needed charging [when they] had to go back again. Now, I 
was told that the ‘wheel within the middle of a wheel’ was, as I said before, 
an electrostatic generator. And this obviously has to have a means of turning 
it-a motive power. I was told that the central shaft, or column, of the craft, 
on which these two wheels were pivoted, was the true energy source. This 
was a type of battery with which we are not at this time familiar which 
would last for perhaps fifty or a hundred years, or more. But eventually 
they did have to be recharged.

“It’s also been noted that many of these craft have been seen hovering 
over mountains-and the Rocky Mountains in particular-places where 
it is known that there are large deposits of quartz, or granite containing 
quartz crystals. And quartz crystals are a source of energy that never dis-
sipates; it’s like a battery that will never run out. And so when the energy 
source is harnessed from these millions of quartz crystals contained in a 
mountain, and especially a mountain whose peak is shaped more or less 
like a pyramid, so that this energy will radiate off the apex of the peak of 
the mountain, then they can do pretty much the same by charging a unit 
as they used to do from the great power-house of the pyramids.”10

Another  contactee  from  this  era  was  George  Van  Tassel.  Though  I 
retain misgivings about some of his claims, his report of an encounter in 
August 1953 with a landed craft and its occupant-“Solgonda”-may be 
worth citing here.

Following the demonstration of a small device about two by two inches 
square and around a half-inch thick, with rounded corners, carried around 
the neck and alleged to make the aliens invisible when necessary, Solgonda 
demonstrated how the device was periodically charged:

“Suddenly he opened two opposite ends of it and pointed it at the granite 
rocks of the mountain. I saw a pencil lead-size stream of light between the 
object and the mountain. . . . Later he explained that he was charging 
the device. He said they charge various other pieces of their equipment 
over granite mountains. This is due to the piezoelectric effect set up by 
quartz in its granite matrix.

“When they discharge the ‘crystal battery’ by pressing on either side of 
it, it releases the charge into their electric body, or aura, and causes light to 
bend around them; therefore appearing to disappear to the limited physical 
vision of anyone who is watching them. . . .”11

Anderson said that the three aliens who befriended him-two men and 
a woman-looked identical to Earth people. “If you met them walking 
down the street or if you sat beside them in a restaurant, you wouldn’t know 
any difference,” he stated. Except for telepathy, that is. “They know all 
languages because they are the greatest telepaths. As you go to ask a question, 
before you can form the words on your lips, they have the answer.”12
In  Alien Base,  I  cited  the  fascinating  case  of  Albert  Coe,  another  of 
many claiming extensive contacts with aliens, in this case dating back as 
far as 1920 in Canada. Coe was informed by his alien friend (who claimed 
to live on both Mars and Venus) that Earth was colonized over fourteen 
thousand years ago by his race after their home planet-orbiting around 
the star Tau Ceti, some eleven light years from Earth-dehydrated. The 
only solution was mass migration to another solar system with a similar 
star-ours. Following a successful exploratory mission to Earth, during 
which  contact  was  briefly  established  with  Cro-Magnon  humans,  the 
expedition returned to their home planet. It was decided to colonize Earth. 
Tragically, only one of their huge spaceships survived the journey, the rest 
having been drawn into our sun, and were forced to settle on Mars. They 
overcame its harsh environment, then established bases on the high land 
of Venus, but mostly on Earth.13

Mars  and  Venus  have  frequently  been  cited  by  “contactees”  as  alien 
abodes or bases. Most astrophysicists, however, point out that the Martian
 atmosphere is too thin and cold, while Venus’s atmospheric pressure 
is reported to be about ninety times that of Earth, with a temperature 
averaging around 464°C (867°F), a massive carbon-dioxide atmosphere 
(97 percent)-and no water. These findings are disputed by some, as we 
shall learn.

Probably the first person publicly to claim contact with aliens from Venus 
was Samuel E. Thompson, a retired railroad worker, who told a reporter 
that while driving to his home in Centralia, Washington, on the evening 
of  March  28,  1950,  he  encountered  a  large  flying  saucer  in  a  wooded 
area between Morton and Mineral. Two naked, deeply tanned children 
with dark blond hair which came to their waists were seen playing near 
the  craft’s  entrance  ramp.  Thompson  approached  to  within  about  fifty 
feet of the saucer, which emanated strong heat. Several naked male and 
female adults-humanoid, attractive, with refined features and also deeply 
tanned-then appeared at the craft’s entrance. They beckoned Thompson 
to come closer.

Thompson claimed to have spent the next forty hours with the crew of 
twenty adults and twenty-five children. He found them “oddly ignorant, 
yet happy, cheerful, and gentle,” as researcher Jerome Clark reports. They 
said their craft served as homes on Venus. They had stopped by on Earth, 
even  though  other  Venusian  saucers  had  been  shot  at  by  our  military. 
Before leaving, Thompson explained that he wanted to go home to collect 
his camera. On his return, and prior to leaving, he tried to photograph the 
craft, but it was “just like trying to take a picture of the sun.” The aliens 
themselves refused to be photographed. They told him he could contact 
them at any time, but that he had to keep certain information to himself. 
“If I’d tell everything I knew,” he explained to Kenneth Arnold (the pilot 
who observed nine flying saucers over Mount Rainier, Washington, on June 
24, 1947) and his wife Doris, “I never would get to see the ship again. I’d 
be watched every minute.”14

Much of the additional information revealed in this case, unfortunately 
first published on April 1, 1950,15 is seemingly absurd. But despite their 
understandable  reluctance  to  accept  a  literal  occurrence  of  the  events 
described by Thompson, the Arnolds were impressed by his evident sincerity.16 
(Incidentally, Kenneth Arnold was a contractor at the time for Los 
Alamos National Laboratories, assigned to find out as much as possible 
about “flying discs,” following the Maury Island incident of June 21, 1947, 
when  several  witnesses  observed  six  craft  circling  above  Puget  Sound, 
Washington, spewing molten “slag”-much of which was collected-that 
occurred three days prior to Arnold’s sighting.)

MARS
Fred Steckling, who had emigrated to the United States and worked with the 
U.S. Air Force in Germany, was a former chef and private pilot (with whom 
I flew on one occasion) and close associate of George Adamski, one of the 
first to claim regular contacts with aliens from Venus, Mars, and elsewhere 
in the solar system. Regarding the Martian climate, Fred pointed out to 
me a number of inconsistencies when we met in California a month after 
the Viking 1 lander had touched down on Mars in July 1976.

“On Mars,” he began, “they’ve photographed sand dunes, and there’s 
an area there that is the same size and same height as the sand dunes of 
Colorado. The scientists are baffled by this, because with one-tenth of the 
atmosphere, which is supposed to exist on Mars, these sand dunes could 
never be there, because the winds wouldn’t be strong enough to produce 
this kind of sand dune.”

The winds vary from as low as 4 mph, gusting up to 50 mph, with occasional
 windstorms as high as 300 mph, apparently. Maybe, given the latter 
speed, sand dunes can be formed in such extremes? Fred made another 
point about the atmosphere, which seems harder to contest:

“In the Martian morning, they’ve photographed large patches of fog in 
the valleys. Now, in my standard pilot’s book, it says that fog is a product 
of the temperature and humidity being nearly at the same point-called 
the dew point. So if the temperature is below freezing, there’ll be no fog: 
it has to be above freezing to create fog, and the temperature has to be the 
same as humidity, so that if the temperature is, say, 40°-which is above 
freezing-and the humidity is 40%, you have fog. . . . If the temperature 
is below freezing, and the humidity is high, you still have no fog, because 
it will not be created. Consequently, if there are large patches of fog, there 
must be areas on Mars that warm up sufficiently to produce it. And from 
what they’re telling us from the Viking Lander, so far, temperatures are 
too cold-it’s always 20, 30, and 40 degrees below zero.”17

A 2012 article on Mars in Air & Space gives the average temperature 
as –81°F (–63°C),18 while the NASA Quest Mars current Web site states 
that temperatures may reach a high of about 70°F (20°C) at noon at the 
equator in summer, or a low of about –243°F (–153°C) at the poles. “In the 
mid-latitudes, the average temperature would be about –50° Celsius with 
a nighttime minimum of –60° Celsius and a summer midday maximum 
of about 0° Celsius.”19

Contactee Apolinar (Paul) Villa, who took many fine color photographs 
of alien craft in New Mexico in the 1960s and had a series of encounters 
with their occupants, told me in 1976 that Mars was used as a base by his 
alien contacts. They said that the atmospheric pressure at ground level was 
equivalent to that at 12,000 feet on Earth. Life is sustainable there: cacti 
and other plants, for example, thrive.20

Dr. Lloyd V. Berkner had been executive secretary of the Joint Research 
and Development Board in 1946 (under Dr. Vannevar Bush) and, later, a 
member of the top-secret Majestic-12 group and an adviser to the government
and other agencies on the space program-including the alien situation. 
Carol Honey, another close associate of Adamski, revealed to me 
that while working at Hughes Aircraft, he sneaked into a closed lecture 
by Berkner. The subject was Mars. “Berkner said that the atmosphere was 
a shirt-sleeve-type southern California environment. He very definitely 
believed that you could walk around on Mars and breathe. And this guy 
was Eisenhower’s space adviser. . . .”21

VENUS
As for Venus, in 1921 Albert Coe’s alien friend explained that although 
the planet was younger in evolutionary processes than Earth, “its higher 
regions are not too drastically different than the environment here.” Only 
ten percent of the Venusian terrain is highland, and the highest point on 
the planet is the mountain known as Maxwell Montes, towering 35,400 
feet above the planet’s “sea level” and 27,000 feet above a huge highland 
region the size of Australia known as Ishtar Terra. In any event it seems 
likely that, with their highly advanced technology, aliens are capable of 
converting the hostile environment-which in any case may be less extreme 
in the highland regions than we have been led to believe.

Carl  Sagan,  a  world  authority  on  planetary  sciences,  postulated  that 
“terraforming”-involving in this case the injection of appropriately grown 
algae into the Venusian atmosphere-“would in time convert the present 
extremely hostile environment of Venus into one much more pleasant for 
human beings.”22

In his book Why Are They Here? Fred Steckling describes some of his 
meetings with aliens in downtown Washington, D.C., one of which took 
place on March 19, 1966. A main topic of conversation was the Russian 
Venera space probes, Venus 2 and 3, which had just reached the planet: an 
object about twice the size of a football had been ejected from the one-ton 
Venus 3 into the planet’s atmosphere and achieved a soft landing by parachute
system on March 1-man’s first spacecraft to reach another planet. 
Reportedly, no transmissions were received. The alien explained, however, 
that the small device had been sending radio signals for some time, signals 
that had shaken up our scientists’ previous beliefs about the planet (thus 
presumably had been censored). He went on to explain that a “magnetic 
shield” enveloping Venus served as protection from cosmic rays and “holds 
a very high temperature, as well as the natural electrical layers of the upper 
ionosphere.  The  protective  magnetic  shield  is  made  artificially  by  the 
inhabitants of Venus.” Fred’s unspoken thought that this shield probably 
cut down radiation levels to a minimum was confirmed verbally by the 
alien. (Venusian gravity, incidentally, is 91% that of ours, thus hypothetical 
Venusians would weigh a little more on Earth.)

Shortly before this meeting, Fred had written letters to some newspapers, 
including The Washington Post, challenging several of the published 
findings regarding Venus. In late 1962, the U.S. space probe Mariner 2, 
during  its  fly-by  of  the  planet,  reported  surface  temperatures  of  428°C 
(802.4°F)-above  the  melting  point  of  lead.  Following  the  later  soft 
landing by the Soviet Venus 3 probe, the Post commented: “Our scientists 
were sharply critical of this landing, for they were not sure the craft was 
sterilized [and] feared the unsterilized spacecraft may have carried germs 
from Earth to Venus, which might have jeopardized the chances of finding 
life on the planet.”

“I openly ask the scientists,” Fred challenged, “What life do they expect 
to find with an 800° surface temperature? If the boiling point of water, 
for instance, stands at 212°F, why does the space craft, then, have to be 
sterilized, if at only 212° all germs are killed automatically?” The letter 
was not published.23

I  should  add  here  that  Fred  Steckling’s  son  Glenn,  currently  a  pilot 
with a major U.S. airline, also attests to a number of meetings with aliens 
living among us.

Another person claiming regular contact with Venusians during this 
époque was an American brigadier general. In a letter to Major Hans C. 
Peterson,  Senior  Air  Traffic  Control  Officer  in  the  Royal  Danish  Air 
Force (1949–1976)-Adamski’s representative in Denmark-the general 
stated, in part:

“In regard to the space ships and their crews, so-called ‘flying saucers,’ 
what I am about to impart to you I am asking you as a fellow Veteran 
not to divulge the source. . . . Let me first state that through no effort or 
expectation on my part, I was contacted one night eleven years ago while 
working late in my shop to finish a printing job. They came to my shop 
door, insisted on my opening it, came in, looked around a bit, spoke no 
word, and motioned me to come outside. As I did so I became aware of a 
large object, a few feet overhead.

“I was taken aboard, and had my first experience of positive telepathy, 
a very informative few minutes. They left, saying they would return soon. 
They kept their word and they returned-I think I can honestly say a few 
hundred times since, in the past eleven years.

“They have requested that I act as their contact man with quite a number 
of our national and religious leaders, and my identity must remain a strict 
secret, except with their permission as in your case. You can understand 
that, if my identity and work were known, I would never have a single 
moment’s rest, and would soon become worthless to both them and the 
problems I attempt to handle.

“Now to their ability to speak perfect English. If you, for instance, 
had been within close vicinity of Venus for 2,000 years, as the Venusians 
have the Earth, and had been able to hear any conversation in any language
 that was spoken on Venus, do you not think you would be able to 
speak their language quite fluently? Among their own people they use 
thought only, but we of Earth, because of our habit, they have learned 
our language so perfectly that if one of them was to step up and speak to 
you in your place of business or your home or on the street, you would not 
recognize him from one of your own people, and in appearance, probably
the greatest difference would be his handsome features and perfect 
proportions physically. . . .”

It has been twenty-five years since the Russians and Americans-or any 
other nation, apparently-have sent a lander to Venus. In late 2009, however, 
NASA awarded the University of Colorado at Boulder (CU-Boulder) 
$3.3 million for a detailed, one-year concept study for a lander mission to Venus 
“to study the history of its surface, climate and atmosphere and to predict its 
ultimate fate in the solar system.” The mission had been proposed by CU-
Boulder Professor Larry Esposito, science team leader on the proposal. 
As part of CU-Boulder’s Surface and Atmosphere Geochemical Explorer 
(SAGE) mission, the lander would descend onto the flank of an active 
volcano known as Mielikki Mons, which is about 200 miles across and 
4,800 feet in altitude. Once the lander was in place, instruments would 
dig about four inches into the surface, then “zap the soils with two lasers 
and a vacuum tube shooting large pulses of neutrons, which would bounce 
back data to the lander with information on surface composition and texture
,” it was reported in 2011. The lander would be constructed to survive 
the harsh conditions on Venus for three hours or more. “Venus has gone 
terribly bad since it first formed,” says Esposito. “The surface pressure is 
a hundred times that of Earth and its temperature is similar to that of a 
self-cleaning oven. . . .”24

According  to  Jet  Propulsion  Laboratory  (JPL)  planetary  scientist 
Suzanne Smrekar, at eight miles above the surface of Venus, the carbon 
dioxide in its atmosphere becomes so dense that it turns “supercritical.” 
“Supercritical carbon dioxide is a gas-liquid mix that can eat through metal, 
and SAGE is designed to keep this nasty stuff from entering the sealed 
vessel,” explains Sam Kean. “For protection from the crushing atmospheric 
pressure-1,300  pounds  per  square  inch-the  lander  will  be  roughly 
spherical. . . . The one redeeming quality of the heavy atmosphere is that 
it cushions the lander’s descent. Terminal velocity on Venus is a leisurely 25 
mph-so slow that the parachute is no longer needed after the spacecraft 
is 42 miles above the surface.”

“Temperature  is  the  thing  that  will  kill  you  the  quickest,”  claims 
Smrekar, who adds that to protect circuits and batteries, she and others 
have been testing advanced insulation materials such as lithium nitrate. 
But insulation, per se, would be insufficient, and planetary scientist Mark 
Bullock points out that such landers will require “active” cooling-that is, 
multi-stage refrigeration.25

Is Venus the veritable hellhole it’s cracked up to be? Who are we to 
believe-the contactees, the “Venusians,” or the down-to-Earth scientists? 
Could it be that official statements about Venus are deliberately distorted? 
In addition to Fred Steckling, others have come forward to dispute the 
official findings. John Lear, whom I first met in 1990, is a former pilot who 
has flown over 160 different types of aircraft in many different countries. 
The son of William P. Lear, designer of the Learjet, he is the only pilot 
ever to hold every airline certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, 
and has also flown numerous missions for the CIA. He became 
interested in UFOs and the space program in the early 1980s. Behind the 
scenes, he has learned much about NASA and, in the following instance, 
about Venus in particular:

“In the late 1950s NASA was formed to compartmentalize, containerize, 
and sanitize information from all space platforms and vehicles,” claimed 
Lear in an interview with Art Bell in 2003. “We sold NASA to the public, 
claiming that all information would belong to them, but they got very little, 
and even that was highly sanitized.

“Our first efforts were to keep the public from learning about Venus-a 
very similar planet to Earth, and its population very similar to ours, just 
[more] technologically advanced. . . . Starting with the Russian Venera 
1 and U.S. Mariner 2, we made Venus look like a lead-melting, volcanic 
surface, spewing sulfuric acid into a pressurized atmosphere 90 times that 
of Earth. And as often is the case, we overdid it, and we wondered why 
nobody asked how a parachute survived a descent into 800-degree air.”26

During my fourteen years with the London Symphony Orchestra, a 
fellow member learned from a scientist friend in the 1970s that the director 
of a top-secret U.S./German space research center in West Germany was of 
Venusian origin. This revelation, my colleague informed me, was restricted 
to a quorum of scientists at the center. The information supplied by the 
director  proved  invaluable  in  their  research  effort,  which  I  assume  was 
related to the liaison program. In the 1980s my friend had the opportunity 
of meeting the director over dinner in London, together with his scientist 
friend, and was satisfied as to the director’s “credentials.” Like some of the 
aliens in the Amicizia group (Chapter 13), the director enjoyed good food 
and wine. And why not?

EARLY INFILTRATION
In 1921, Albert Coe, then seventeen years old, was told by his 340-year-old 
(!) alien friend that, as early as 1904, the aliens replaced a hundred terrestrial
babies and infiltrated their own. “In the base of each baby’s brain 
was this little thing that recorded everything that that baby saw or did, 
from the time they put it there,” Coe told Dr. Berthold Schwarz, a noted 
researcher and psychologist. “No one ever knew it was a switch.” Subsequently, 
as adults, the aliens became active in every major nation on Earth. 

Their main concern: that we were on the verge of discovering secrets of the 
atom, which could have disastrous consequences for our planet.

“You’ve just finished what you call a world war,” the man explained, 
“and  each  of  your  wars  gets  a  little  more  brutal  and  devastating  than 
the preceding one. We’re here to watch and see what you’re going to do 
when you learn the secret of the atom. This is one reason we’re here.” Coe 
learned years later that in 1955 the aliens, alarmed about the escalation 
of nuclear-weapons tests, had set up a neutralizing screen, “in case one of 
these nuclear experiments of ours got out of hand-that it wouldn’t start 
a chain reaction.” One nuclear weapon, for example, had been exploded 
above the atmosphere in 1964, they said. Were it not for the neutralizing 
screen, the results could well have been catastrophic.27

PERSONAL ENCOUNTERS
Many years ago I co-authored a book, together with Lou Zinsstag, on 
George Adamski, examining the pros and cons of his claims.28 Lou-a 
cousin of Carl G. Jung-had been Adamski’s Swiss representative and, 
like  most  of  the  representatives,  subsequently  experienced  encounters 
with  aliens  living  among  us.  The  first  of  Adamski’s  contacts  occurred 
near Desert Center, California, on November 20, 1952, witnessed from a 
distance by six companions. The alien with whom Adamski communicated 
on that occasion-given the name “Orthon”-asserted that he came from 
Venus. The witnesses, two of whom (Alice Wells and Lucy McGinnis) I 
knew and found totally credible, subsequently signed an affidavit testifying 
to this significant event 29-perhaps more significant than we realize, as I 
shall discuss later in this chapter.

Although  described  in  Alien  Base  and  in  the  book  on  Adamski  I 
co-authored, since both are out of print I should mention here my two 
encounters with presumed aliens in the United States. The first occurred on 
November 13, 1963, while touring with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. 
During the five-hundred-mile or so journey from Tucson to Los Angeles 
in our convoy of three buses, we stopped at a restaurant near the Arizona/
California  border.  Seated  at  a  table  with  three  colleagues,  I  happened 
to survey the customers waiting in line. My attention was drawn to an 
extraordinarily graceful, petite girl with blond bobbed hair and delicate 
pale features. The thought struck me that she might be one of those aliens 
living among us, so I telepathically transmitted the somewhat trite question
: “Are you from another planet?”

There was no response. But as she left the line, she made a point of 
walking past our table, pausing to give me a lovely smile and gracious bow 
of acknowledgment before proceeding to another part of the restaurant, a 
“dead-pan” expression on her face. My colleagues shared my bemusement. 
Later, I was to be reminded of Adamski’s description of one of the female 
crew members he encountered on board a large mothership in February 
1953, with her “almost transparent skin.”30

I do not know the precise location of the restaurant, but I do recall that 
as we departed in the buses, one of the highway signs nearby coincidentally 
indicated Desert Center. I had hoped to meet Adamski in Vista during 
our few days in Los Angeles, but unfortunately, owing to my schedule, it 
didn’t work out.

In February 1967 I was playing with the London Symphony Orchestra in 
New York for a series of concerts at Carnegie Hall with Mstislav Rostropo-
vich, the great Russian cellist. I had just returned from my first meeting with 
Madeleine Rodeffer, a close associate of Adamski, with whom (and others) 
she had observed the classic Adamski-type scout-craft at very close range in 
her front yard in Silver Spring, Maryland. On February 26, 1965, Adamski 
had taken 8-mm film of the craft as it described a series of maneuvers. Madeleine
 told me that she had had a number of encounters with aliens living in 
the Washington, D.C. area, and suggested that on my return to New York 
I should try to initiate a contact telepathically. So, on that late afternoon, 
between a rehearsal and concert, I sat down in the lobby of the Park-Sheraton 
Hotel at 56th Street on Seventh Avenue and transmitted a telepathic request: 
“If any of you people from elsewhere are in the New York vicinity, please 
come and sit down right next to me and prove it.”

After about half an hour a man entered the lobby whose demeanor put 
me on the alert. Dressed in a charcoal-gray suit with a white shirt and 
dark tie, he could have passed for a businessman from Madison Avenue. 
He wore rimmed glasses and appeared to be about thirty-five years old 
and five feet ten inches in height, with slightly curly fair hair, a mild olive 
complexion, and perfectly proportioned features. He sat down beside me, 
took out a copy of The New York Times from his attaché case, and turned 
the pages over in a rather deliberate and superficial manner. After he had 
refolded the paper, I asked him telepathically if he really was from another 
planet, and if so, to please confirm this by placing his right index finger 
on the right side of his nose and-I vaguely recall-asking him to keep it 
there for a short while. No sooner had I transmitted the thought than he 
did precisely that.

I  attempted  more  telepathy,  but  no  further  confirmation  was  forthcoming. 
Eventually he stood up, walked over to some display windows, 
and then gave me a direct and serious look before walking out of the hotel 
into Seventh Avenue. I never saw him again. I am often asked why I didn’t 
try and engage him in a conversation, to which I can only respond that 
it seemed inappropriate. I assumed that, if conversation was to be on the 
agenda, he would be the one to initiate it.

“EARTH’S FUTURE IN SPACE”
Since that occasion, I have had two encounters reaffirming my conviction 
that aliens live among us, one of which occurred in Wrocław, Poland. I 
had been invited by the researcher Janusz Zagórski to give a presentation 
at the “X UFO Forum” (“X” meaning “10th” in this instance), which 
ran from May 6 to 7, 2006. I was also honored by an invitation to head a 
discussion on the UFO topic the evening before the conference, as guest 
speaker,  at  Salonu  Profesora  Dudka-Professor  Dudek’s  Salon-organized
by Jósef Dudek, a Wrocław University professor well known as an 
outstanding mathematician and humanist. The aims of this prestigious 
Salon are to “integrate scientific, political, and cultural elites of Wrocław 
by means of organizing discussion meetings devoted to topics that are 
of vital interest to representatives of various disciplines and circles.” The 
attendees, numbering about seventy (at a guess), included medical doctors, 
military personnel, politicians, psychologists, and scientists, some 
retired.

At  19:00,  after  being  introduced  to  the  assembled  gathering  by  the 
chairman, I delivered my illustrated slide presentation, scheduled to last 
thirty-five minutes. An interval of forty-five minutes followed, allowing 
informal talks and refreshments.
From the beginning of the evening, I had been aware of an immaculately 
dressed, very composed man in the audience, sitting about ten feet from 
me. Slight of build, he was about five feet ten inches in height and wore 
a dark gray suit, waistcoat, white shirt, and dark tie. His complexion and 
hair were similar to the man in New York. I tried a bit of telepathy-to 
no apparent avail.

As the audience returned to their seats after the interval, I began taking 
a few photographs, hoping to capture an image of this man. I succeeded 
in taking a few shots of the audience seated to my right, but as I panned to 
the left-where the man was seated-a voice from the back of the room 
said, “The speaker is not allowed to take photographs.” I apologized-to 
whomever.

What followed turned out to be a lively debate. I shall never forget the 
moment when a psychologist launched into a diatribe against the subject, 
his face purple with rage (and perhaps liquid refreshment), after which 
Major Jósef J. Makiela, a retired Polish air force pilot, countered vehemently 
by stressing how seriously the subject was taken by the military, and introduced
a fellow pilot who had experienced a close encounter.

Participating contributors to the debate were encouraged not to exceed five 
to seven minutes. Both English and Polish were spoken. On my left-hand 
side sat a professional female simultaneous translator. Toward the end of the 
evening, the unusual man stood up and, as per protocol, announced his name 
(which I didn’t catch) and gave his occupation-“doctor.” He then proceeded 
to address the topic of “Earth’s future in space.” Obviously, I was all ears.

At the conclusion of the debate, I approached the man, proffering my 
right hand, which he held briefly and limply, with no handshake. “I think 
you have a great deal of knowledge,” I said. He made no verbal response 
but continued looking at me very directly, his unblinking pale blue eyes 
betraying not a vestige of expression. I handed him my business card and 
he left the room.

After the debate and ensuing conversations with various guests, which 
finished after 23:00, I was taken back to my hotel in a suburb of Wrocław, 
part of the fabulous Wojnowice Castle, as guest of the proprietors, Iwona 
and Franciszek Oborski. On the twenty-five-kilometer journey, I vaguely 
recall struggling to recall what that unusual man had said.

Over drinks with a small group of attendees, we discussed the evening. 
I  immediately  alluded  to  the  man  in  question.  Franciszek  commented 
that the man frequently attended the Dudek Salon, and invariably had 
something interesting to contribute. “Can any of you remember what he 
talked about?” I asked. It seemed that nobody-including myself-had a 
clue, other than that it had something to do with Earth’s future in space. 
Bearing in mind that when I approached the man I had been extremely 
impressed by what he had communicated to us, I remain puzzled.

All subsequent efforts to obtain evidence were thwarted. I had asked a 
professional photographer who took a number of photos during the proceedings
 to send me some pictures. I never heard back from him. Janusz 
Zagórski sent copies of the photos he had taken, but unfortunately the 
unusual man does not appear in them. Furthermore, debates at Professor 
Dudek’s Salon are usually recorded and speakers are entitled to a copy. I 
never received one, despite several requests. (It is possible that the event 
simply was not taped on this occasion.) Franciszek Oborski had offered to 
find out what she could about the man’s background, but she was not in 
the best of health at the time and sadly died a few years later.

Whatever the background of this unusual man, it seems likely to me that 
he was one of a number of aliens who live and work among us. I nurture 
the impression that subliminally he had imparted some possibly important 
information  regarding  Earth’s  future,  and  then  somehow  “wiped”  our 
memories thereof. For the time being, perhaps.

MOUNT PALOMAR
Many of George Adamski’s associates and friends experienced encounters 
and sightings when visiting his home at Palomar Terraces, Valley Center, on 
the slopes of Mount Palomar, California. One such was Alan G. Tolman, 
who had served in the Korean War with the 3rd Battalion, 7th Marine 
Regiment, 1st Marine Division, when he had his first UFO sighting. 
Later he spent six years in aerospace research, including with the Douglas 
Aircraft  Company  in  Segundo,  California,  where  he  worked  in  the 
Experimental Department as an electrician. In October 1955, assigned to 
attaching a special camera on the Douglas Skyrocket, he was approached 
while alone in the hangar by two intelligence personnel, one from the CIA 
(Henry Harvey Hennes) and the other (unnamed) from the Office of Naval 
Intelligence. Somehow, the men were aware of Tolman’s sightings.

“Both men encouraged me to speak up and tell more people of my sighting 
experiences,” Tolman reports. “They told me that the CIA had three volumes 
of Intelligence Digests, which they said contained sightings and photos from 
all over the world [and] said that Earth was being looked over by people 
from  other  planetary systems.” The existence of the Intelligence Digests 
was later confirmed (in a roundabout way) in a letter to Tolman from Vice 
Admiral C. S. Freeman, U.S. Navy (retired). I possess a copy of that letter.
Around  the  same  period-1955–56-Tolman  was  visiting  Adamski. 
“George had a fifteen-inch Newtonian reflector telescope in a dome, in 
a  clearing  just  a  short  distance  from  his  house.  He  also  had  a  six-inch 
Newtonian telescope that he used with a German 3-inch by 4-inch plate-
glass-type camera that he used to take flying saucer photos with in the 
early 1950s. One night, George let me use his six-inch telescope while he 
was in his house speaking with friends.

“While looking through his telescope, I saw a ‘blueish’ streak that filled 
the field of view, going from my right to my left and toward the clearing 
where George’s fifteen-inch telescope dome was. I quickly looked up but 
saw  nothing.  Suddenly,  I  saw  a  blue-white  flare,  then  a  glow,  near  the 
fifteen-inch ’scope dome area. The blue-white glow was elliptical in shape. 
A grove of trees stood between me and the spacecraft, and the trees were 
sharply silhouetted by the ship’s glow.

“I  walked  toward  the  craft,  and  as  I  got  closer  I  could  hear  a  soft, 
pleasing ‘hum’ sound. At about a hundred yards from the craft, I heard 
people that had just come out of a restaurant, down the hill from George’s 
house, yelling loudly, ‘There’s a [flying saucer] on the ground!’ From the 
restaurant parking area, the people had an unobstructed view of the craft.
“Suddenly, a man from the restaurant parking area came running toward 
me and almost knocked me down, saying ‘There’s a [saucer] out there.’ He 
then disappeared. The craft increased in brightness, going from blue-white 
to an intense white that seemed to shimmer. The hum sound increased in 
frequency until I could not hear it anymore. The craft then shot straight 
up, making no noise, into the night stars, until it looked just like a star. It 
then shot off horizontally toward the horizon.

“I then went into George’s house and told him what had just happened. 
He said he heard all the ‘ruckus’ outside, and then just looked at me and 
smiled. . . .”31

Adamski  wasn’t  alone  in  photographing  alien  craft  in  this  vicinity. 
According to Harold Wilkins, in December 1951 a U.S. Marine claimed to 
have overheard an interesting conversation at the Palomar Observatory, which 
then housed the world’s largest telescope. The Marine stated as follows:

“I, and another Marine, were chatting to one of the Palomar professors
 when a friend of his arrived from Berkeley, California. He, too, is a 
professor. They began talking, and we listened in to what we were not 
supposed to hear. The Palomar man said that the U.S. Federal Bureau of 
Investigation had forbidden the publication of [certain] astrophysical photos 
taken at Palomar. ‘Why?’ asked the other. ‘Well, they show things that 
the U.S. government thinks it wiser people should not know. They might 
cause panic. There are pictures of jet planes chasing flying saucers, and 
disintegrating in mid-air. There are [also] data about strange changes in 
the atmosphere, and the effect on other planets of radioactive emanations 
after the explosion of atomic bombs.’”

Wilkins also cites a tongue-in-cheek report by Walter Winchell, the 
well-known columnist: “June 30, 1952: Scientists at Palomar Observatory, 
Calif., are supposed to have seen a ‘space ship’ land in the Mojave Desert, 
in May last. Four persons stepped out, took one look, and went off again. 
The U.S. Army may officially announce it in the fall.”32 It didn’t, of course.

COLLATERAL EVIDENCE
In Flying Saucers Have Landed, a best-selling book by Desmond Leslie and 
George Adamski, the latter’s famous series of clear photographs of scout-
ships and motherships, taken through his telescope, were first published. In 
the updated edition, Leslie reports that in 1955 his friend Patrick (later Sir 
Patrick) Moore, the iconic British astronomer who died in 2012, revealed 
that he too had been shown a set of photos of a “scout-ship,” even better 
ones than those taken by Adamski and Stephen Darbishire:

“They were taken, I was told, by a world-famous American astronomer 
who desired to remain anonymous as he feared the ridicule of his colleagues. 
Patrick Moore has given a pledge of secrecy regarding this eminent man’s 
identity [so] we compromised by referring to him as ‘Dr. X.’ At my request, 
Moore kindly wrote to Dr. X asking if I might be permitted a sight of his 
photos (while preserving his anonymity), but this, to my regret, was refused. 
However, I gathered that Dr. X had taken some of his series through a 
telescope, as had Adamski, and had once, when out for a walk, practically 
stumbled upon a UFO rising from the ground and had managed to photograph
 it close at hand.”33

“THE NOBLE ONE”
In an unusual book on the early contactees, author Henry Dohan reveals 
that the aforementioned Orthon-the name given him by his terrestrial 
contacts, meaning “the noble one” in Greek-lived “on and off for about 
three years” in the Vista, California, area, spending much of his time with 
Adamski. Claiming to be around 360 years old in 1952, but apparently 
looking like a man in his twenties, Orthon was often pursued by both the 
FBI and CIA, according to Dohan.34

During a conversation with Adamski in 1959, Lou Zinsstag asked about 
the  well-known  painting  of  Orthon  depicting  him  as  appearing  rather 
effeminate and undistinguished. “Orthon did not look like that at all,” 
replied Adamski. “He had a very manly, highly intellectual face, but as his 
features were so distinct and characteristic, it would have been dangerous 
for him to have had them published.” To Lou’s surprise, Adamski then 
showed her a photo of Orthon’s face in profile. Lou revealed to me that 
his most striking feature was a pronounced chin.35

“People may wonder what kind of person He [sic] was,” writes Dohan. 
“I was never privileged to meet Him, but those who did say He is a most 
humble person with the most incredible powers.” On one occasion while with 
Orthon, Adamski explained that he would need about four or five people 
to move a large solid oak table from a storage shed into the house. “Orthon 
told Adamski to go to the street and make sure that no cars were coming,” 
Dohan continues. “Orthon put His hands on the top of the table and it began 
to float. He held His hand over the table all the way as He walked alongside 
it and it floated all the way from the storage shed into the house.”

Yet Orthon was evidently very down to Earth. “On another occasion,” 
writes Dohan, “Adamski had problems with the plumbing in the house 
near the foothills of Mount Palomar where he lived. Orthon volunteered 
to help since He [was smaller than Adamski] and He fixed the problem. 
I write this to illustrate the humility of such a great Man who was not too 
proud to go under a house to help somebody.”

Dohan claims that Orthon left after three years and allowed people from 
Adamski’s house to film the departure of his craft. “I saw this movie,” he 
affirms. “The spacecraft rose in front of the camera to only a few feet above 
the ground, then it flew in a circle, returning again to the camera before it 
finally departed. In the beginning of that same movie was a short segment 
where [an object] the size of a fly kept jumping up and down in front of 
the windshield of the car in which Adamski was riding,” Dohan continues. 
“Adamski asked the driver to stop the car [and] filmed the small saucer 
and followed it with the camera; and then, as you look into the sky, in the 
background of the tiny saucer was another one, an exact replica of the first 
one but many miles [sic] in size. The message they wanted to give us is that 
these [craft] can be built in all sizes.”36 In the Amicizia case (Chapter 13), 
very similar small “craft”-given the name “aniae”-were seen by various 
witnesses, two of whom I interviewed.

Born in Vienna, Henry Dohan was a textile and electrical engineer who 
achieved fame in 1961 for his invention of ladderless nylon stockings, based 
on research into “mass and macromolecular structures.” After becoming an 
Australian citizen, he eventually moved to Southern California. He seems 
to have been respected, described for example in the Australian Parliament 
by Senator the Hon. G. Brown as “an inventive genius, with remarkable 
powers of concentration and unusual tenacity who finally triumphed over 
colossal difficulties. . . .”37

Dohan’s use of the capital “H” in relation to Orthon seems to imply his 
belief that the latter had been Jesus in a previous life. An outrageous implication, 
to be sure. Yet I have often pondered on the possibility myself. In 
1976 I asked Alice Wells, Adamski’s closest associate for many years, if she 
thought this to be the case. She replied in the affirmative, without further 
comment. In Chapter 19, I cite various quotes from the Bible which tend 
to support the likelihood of Jesus’s out-of-this-world provenance.

Fred Steckling relates that one of his alien contacts worked for several years 
on Earth, in many different environments, with both rich and poor people. 
“I have not hesitated to do any kind of job, regardless of what kind of work 
was involved, ‘dirty’ or ‘clean,’ as you may classify it,” he told Fred. “The 
work has to be done, and without the dirty work, the clean could not exist.”38
Which brings me back to Carl Anderson. He recounts how a trusted 
friend  of  his,  a  native  American  chief  who  lived  in  east  Los  Angeles, 
was camping one night in 1965 at Salton Sea (a National Wildlife lake 
recreation area where he owned quite a lot of land) when he and his wife 
witnessed at close proximity the landing of an alien vehicle. “The people 
came over and conversed with him in his own tongue-an Indian language. 
They told him they were coming here to study the ways of our people. They 
wanted him to find them a place to live, because they wanted to mingle 
among us and associate with the people of Earth, to try and find out what 
made us do the things we do; why we have wars, why we kill one another, 
and why we don’t have any brotherly love. . . .

“So he got them a place to stay. But first of all he told them they had to 
put on different clothes. ‘You’re all dressed in white,’ he said, ‘and you’ll 
be  recognized  right  away  as  somebody  different.’  So  they  went  to  the 
store, after [my friend] had put them up in a motel for the night-a man, 
a woman, and three children. And their hair, it was so red!39 ‘You’re going 
to have to dye that hair a different color,’ he told them, ‘because it’ll be 
obvious that you’re not like people of Earth.’

“They’re now living in a town in the east Los Angeles area. My son-in-law
 was driving a bakery cart, and he delivered bakery goods to them. 
The  three  children  are  going  to  a  school  in  the  Los  Angeles  County 
School System, and they got coached almost daily by their parents to make 
boo-boos-to actually make mistakes on purpose so that they won’t be 
recognized as being out of the ordinary, because those children are such 
geniuses that they’re almost incapable of making any mistakes. And as far 
as I know, they still live in the area. The man works putting vegetables on 
the counters of a large supermarket. . . .”40

Since the early days of the space program, we have received assistance 
from some alien groups-and hindrance from others. Citing the deflection 
from orbit of NASA’s Juno 2 rocket in 1959, Wernher von Braun is reported 
to have stated: “We find ourselves faced by powers which are far stronger 
than we had hitherto assumed, and whose base is at present unknown to us. 
More I cannot say at present. We are now engaged in entering into closer 
contact with those powers. . . .”41

One of five affidavits provided by witnesses to their observations of 
spacecraft in the California desert in 1954 and 1955.

George Adamski claimed that these strange symbols were inscribed for 
him by one of his alien contacts in the 1950s. Each symbol apparently 
represents a sentence. Note the array of planets in our solar system (top 
right, third line) depicting three alleged planets beyond the orbit of Pluto. 

Translations welcomed!


CHAPTER EIGHT. AIRBORNE ENCOUNTERS

Over  a  lengthy  period,  Britain’s  Ministry  of  Defence  has  released 
batches of its voluminous documents relating to unidentified flying 
objects,  mostly  comprising  correspondence  from  members  of  the 
public and attendant inter-office memos. In August 2010, the sixth such 
batch (some five thousand pages) included an interesting if apocryphal story 
contained in a series of letters in 1999 from an astrophysicist in Leicester 
(name and address redacted).

The physicist’s grandfather had served with the Royal Air Force (RAF) 
in  World  War  II,  and  his  duties  sometimes  involved  being  part  of  the 
personal bodyguard of Winston Churchill. On one occasion-according 
to his young daughter at the time-he was present when Churchill and 
General Eisenhower discussed an incident, alleged to have occurred during 
the latter part of the war, when an RAF photo-reconnaissance aircraft 
returning from a mission in either France or Germany was intercepted by 
an object of unknown origin, which “matched course and speed with the 
aircraft for a time and then underwent an extremely rapid acceleration away 
from the aircraft.” The report continues:

“The encounter with the unknown object occurred close to or over the 
English coastline [and] was undetected until it was close to the aircraft. It 
was suddenly observed by the aircrew appearing at the side of the aircraft 
at a very high speed; then it very rapidly matched its speed with that of 
the aircraft [and] appeared to ‘hover’ noiselessly relative to the aircraft for 
a time. One of the airmen began to take photographs of it. It appeared 
metallic but its shape was not described. The object very rapidly disappeared
, leaving no trace. . . .

“[My grandfather] was not present during the initial discussion when 
this  event  was  communicated  to  the  U.S.,  but  he  was  present  at  the 
follow-up meeting when the response from the U.S. was received [and 
he] witnessed the discussion of the event by both Mr. Churchill and Mr. 
Eisenhower  in  the  United  States.  .  .  .  Mr.  Churchill  declared  that  the 
incident should be classified for at least 50 years and its status reviewed by 
a future Prime Minister. [He also] is reported to have made a declaration 
to the effect [that] it would create mass panic amongst the general public 
and destroy one’s belief in the Church. . . .”

Said to have been “greatly affected by his experience,” the bodyguard 
told few people about it.1

Another document reveals how some UFO reports from members of 
the  public  were  taken  seriously  by  the  Ministry  of  Defence  during  the 
Cold War. Minutes from a meeting of the Joint Intelligence Committee 
in May 1959 state that Air Vice-Marshal William MacDonald discussed 
the matter at the highest level. He reported that UFOs had been observed 
by official and unofficial sources at a rate of one a week and disclosed that 
a sample of sixteen reports in early 1957 showed that ten had been identified
-but six were not.

Also during the Cold War, and right up to 1991, RAF fighters were 
scrambled two hundred times a year to intercept unidentified targets penetrating
 U.K. airspace. Although some were anomalous, most turned out 
to be Soviet long-range reconnaissance or anti-submarine aircraft.2

AIR DISASTERS
In the late 1940s and 1950s, unexplained crashes of military and civilian 
aircraft proliferated dramatically. It needs to be stressed that hundreds of 
reports of UFOs from all over the world were coming in each week from 
trained observers-pilots in particular. In Need to Know, I cited numerous 
cases  involving  mysterious  disasters  worldwide,  including  many  kindly 
supplied to me by Jon “Andy” Kissner, former Republican State Representative
 for Las Cruces, New Mexico,3 and other cases reported by Harold 
T. Wilkins and Major Donald E. Keyhoe. The late American researcher 
Kenny Young also collated records of such cases, including the following 
sobering examples I have selected from the period June 3–8, 1951:

June 3: A C-82 Packet cargo plane “fell apart in the sky” over New Boston, 
Texas, killing all aboard.

June 4: A  C-119  Flying  Boxcar  cargo  plane  exploded  in  mid-air  and 
crashed, killing four crew. A crew member who parachuted successfully
 reported that the plane “just seemed to come apart around 
him and he found himself in mid-air.”

June 5: An F-51 Mustang, an F-86 Sabre, and an F-82 Twin Mustang 
were involved in a mid-air collision, killing two pilots.

June 8: Eleven or more U.S. military planes crashed, some disintegrating 
in mid-air, including an AJ-1 Savage and an F-80 Shooting Star 
(the  latter  “falling  apart”),  and  several  F-84  Thunderjets,  near 
Richmond, Indiana, killing three.4

Here follows another of Harold Wilkins’s summaries, covering mainly 
the period between January and June 1954:

“RAF Meteor jet explodes and strews wreckage over Poulders Green, 
Kent. Pilot, gallantly remaining at the controls, is killed; Vampire jet cuts 
out at 15,800 feet and falls on ploughed field at Old Lackenby, Yorkshire. 
Pilot killed; Royal Danish Air Force grounds all its Thunderjets and Sabre 
jets after numerous disasters; British Undersecretary for Air says that 507 
RAF  jets  crashed  in  1952–1954  with  great  loss  of  life  (112).  Some 
crashes  caused  by  engine-disintegration;  Six-engined  Stratojet,  U.S. 
B-47, crashes at Townsend, Georgia, immediately after take-off. Four men 
lost; Skilled chief test pilot, Ed Griffiths, crashed in field and was killed at 
Rugby, England, only a few miles from his starting-point. He was testing 
TIMOTHY GOODa new Royal Navy propeller-jet, torpedo-carrying Wyvern, and had only 
time to radio his position before his sudden crash; Canberra jet bomber 
explodes in air over suburbs of Doncaster, Yorkshire. Crew of two killed. 
On the same day, a few miles away, at Six Mile Bottom, Newmarket, a 
second Canberra crashes, the crew of three missing; The bodies of two 
pilots were found in a Vampire jet wreckage at Lewes, Sussex.”5

Obviously, not all these disasters should be attributed to alien hostility: 
many new types of aircraft were in service at this period, thus susceptible 
to accidents.6 However, it is revealing to consider official U.S. Defense 
Department  statistics  for  the  period  from  1952  to  the  end  of  October 
1956, which I published in the second (and U.S.) edition of Need to Know. 
Out of 18,662 major accidents of U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy military 
aircraft-mostly involving fast new jets (such as those scrambled in UFO 
interceptions)-1,773 were caused by “unknown factors.”7

TEST PILOT ATTACKED
Lieutenant Colonel Roy Jack Edwards enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps 
(USMC) in 1941 and served in World War II. A 1947 graduate and classmate
 of President Jimmy Carter at the U.S. Naval Academy (a letter from 
Carter to Edwards is reproduced on p. 130), he also served in Korea and 
Vietnam.

In 1955, while stationed with the USMC at Edwards Air Force Base, 
California, test-flying the latest version (F-100C) of the Super Sabre jet, 
Edwards  encountered  a  large  UFO  during  a  test  flight  in  clear  sky  at 
about six thousand feet. On alerting ground control, the pilot was ordered 
to break away immediately and return to base, together with his “chase” 
plane monitoring the flight.

“His observation plane complied,” reported his son Frank in 2008, when 
the story first came out. “However, my father told me that his raw intrepid 
instincts kicked in, thus he ignored ground control because he knew he 
probably wouldn’t ever get another opportunity to confront a UFO-and 
pursued.”

Edwards  headed  directly  toward  the  stationary  cigar-shaped  and 
orange-glowing object, estimated to be about two football fields in length 
and slightly more than fifty yards in circumference, without any apparent 
source of propulsion on its surface area. “As he reached a range of about 
three or four miles from the UFO, it emitted a single burst of blue light, 
immediately rendering my father to instantly lose his ability to see and 
disabled his plane’s communication equipment.”

Although stripped of his vision and communications with ground control
, Edwards managed to bank his jet slightly to starboard and to prevent 
his altitude from dropping. He considered bailing out but, knowing he had 
enough fuel, opted to “ride out some time,” in the hope that the shock of 
whatever had happened to him and his plane would be temporary. Luckily, 
he  regained  full  vision  after  about  fifteen  minutes  and  headed  back  to 
base-still minus communications.

During the debriefing by his commanding officer for disobeying orders, 
Edwards was admonished severely. He learned that the reason he had been 
ordered to return to base immediately was the fact that the same UFO had 
previously caused the deaths of three test pilots.

Edwards subsequently lost his status as a test pilot and was reassigned 
to  a  U.S.  Naval  Academy  weapons  department  teaching  position  at 
Annapolis, Maryland. Furthermore, he was never again allowed to fly 
jet aircraft. After a few years at the Pentagon, however, he petitioned 
and was permitted to fly CH-46 Sea Knight helicopters with the U.S. 
Marine Corps.

Colonel  Edwards  did  not  discuss  his  experience  until  two  years 
prior to his death in 2003. Interestingly, his military records list him 
as having been stationed with the USMC in Gifu, Japan during the 
period when he was actually at Edwards AFB.8 Tactics such as these 
commonly apply to pilots who have close encounters with UFOs-as 
in the following case.

PILOT WITNESSES FLYING SAUCER CRASH
Before becoming a military pilot, Robert B. Willingham served with the 
U.S. Army during World War II and thereafter, until he was reassigned 
to  Korea  in  1950  as  an  F-51  Mustang  pilot.  Following  a  serious  injury 
incurred during an attack on his ground position, he was flown back 
to the United States. In 1952, doctors having decided he was no longer 
fit to fly combat missions, he entered the Air Force Reserve, flying many 
types of aircraft, including F-51s, the F-47 Thunderbolt, the F-84 Thun-
derjet, and the F-86 Sabre.

In the early spring of 1955, stationed as an F-86 pilot at Carswell Air 
Force Base, Texas, one of Major (later Colonel) Willingham’s missions 
involved an exercise escorting B-47 bombers as they flew into Texas from 
New York, heading for El Paso, from where they would then continue to 
Washington State, and then via the West Coast, Canada, and Alaska on 
a pre-designated flight path to the Soviet Union (in the event of a nuclear 
exchange). Each bomber was assigned four fighters.

The fighter escort squadron received an alert that the Distant Early 
Warning  (DEW)  radar  system  had  tracked  fast-moving  unidentified 
traffic. Willingham then received a report from the radar operator aboard 
the B-47 he was escorting that the object appeared to be heading toward 
them from a northwesterly direction. “By his radar, he could tell it was 
coming our way,” Willingham told Noe Torres and Ruben Uriarte, authors 
of an important book on the case. “I looked up and saw a big, bright object 
that looked like a star, but I knew it couldn’t be a star.” He estimated that 
it shot past at over two thousand miles per hour, within thirty-five or forty 
miles of their position.9

All four pilots escorting the bomber observed the UFO as it headed 
south toward the Texas/Mexico border. “At about that time,” said Will-
ingham, “it made a 90-degree turn to the right doing about two thousand 
miles an hour, and I knew it wasn’t an airplane. We didn’t have anything 
that could do that.” The object then headed in the general direction of 
Del Rio, Texas. “There were a lot of sparks, and it tilted down by about a 
45-degree angle.” The object continued listing as it descended, and then no 
longer could be seen. Willingham learned that the radar controllers claimed 
it had crashed “somewhere off between Texas and the Mexico border.”

During a debriefing later, two of Willingham’s F-86 colleagues admitted 
to  their  base  commander  that  they  had  observed  the  incident,  though 
Willingham was the only one to speak up about it.10

CRASH/RETRIEVAL
Based also on the radio exchanges he was listening to, Willingham estimated
that the object had crashed near Langtry, Texas. Knowing the area 
well, he requested permission from the flight commander to fly down to 
the crash site-about 150 miles away-and attempt to locate the object. 
Permission  was  granted.  Approaching  the  crash  site  at  about  eight 
hundred feet, he could see the still-smoldering wreckage of a roughly 
disc-shaped object on the ground, just south of the Rio Grande river. He 
then returned to his mission.11 He has implied that he used the excuse 
of being low on fuel to obtain permission to return to Carswell ahead of 
his colleagues, as he already had it in mind to procure a small plane and 
return to the crash site.

Determined  to  find  out  more,  a  few  hours  later  Willingham  asked 
Lieutenant Colonel James P. Morgan-who had flown with him on the 
mission-if the latter could fly him to Corsicana Air Field, some fifty miles 
away, where Willingham planned to pick up a light aircraft to survey the 
crash site. The two men flew out of Carswell Air Force Base in Morgan’s 
Piper Cub. After arriving in Corsicana, Willingham ran into his friend 
Jack Perkins, an electrical engineer who had served in Willingham’s Civil 
Air Patrol unit. After relaying the events of the day, Willingham asked if 
Perkins would accompany him to act as witness.

The  two  took  off  from  Corsicana  at  around  14:00  in  a  very  basic 
two-seat Aeronca Champion. “It was a nice little plane for landing and 
taking off in tight spaces,” Willingham reflected. “You could land it in a 
hundred feet if you had to, but I had to make sure I had enough room for 
take-off, especially if you had a passenger.” Two hours later, they arrived 
in the vicinity of the Langtry crash site. There they noted that a team of 
Mexican soldiers had cordoned off the area and were guarding the craft and 
wreckage. Based on Willingham’s testimony, Torres and Uriarte describe 
the scene as follows:

“The UFO had impacted very close to the edge of a flat rocky ledge 
overlooking  the  Rio  Grande  river.  [It  seemed  as  though]  it  had  first 
bounced and then skidded about three hundred yards generally toward the 
south, plowing up a mound of dirt ahead of it as it went along. The main 
object split into three large sections, and smaller debris was scattered all 
along the skid line. The top of the object, which was dome-shaped, broke 
off and landed about fifty feet beyond the main body of the UFO. The 
main section, which originally was a flattened disc between twenty-one 
and twenty-five feet in diameter, broke into two larger pieces and many 
smaller ones.

“The  bottom  part  of  the  UFO,  ripped  into  two  large  sections,  was 
partially embedded against a sand mound, while the dome lay about fifty 
feet beyond it. Willingham and his partner noted a long plume of shiny 
metal debris that extended along the long furrow, where the object hit and 
skidded on the sandy desert soil prior to coming to rest. Judging from the 
length of the furrow, Willingham guessed the object was traveling ‘pretty 
fast’ before hitting the ground.”

After  landing,  Willingham  eased  the  Aeronca  onto  the  rocky  ledge 
between the crashed disc and the edge of a small cliff leading down to the 
Rio Grande.12

The Mexican military were “just looking at everything,” Willingham 
recalled. “Of course, it was still red-hot, and they were staying back from 
it.” At this time, a Langtry resident paddled across the shallow river to talk 
to Willingham and Perkins, relating his sighting of the flaming object, 
which had nearly clipped the top of his house. At first, the armed soldiers 
had  assumed  that  Willingham  and  Perkins  were  part  of  an  American 
recovery team they had been expecting. However, as the pilots followed 
the skid marks to the craft itself, they were ordered at gunpoint to leave the 
area, though they kept studying Willingham’s Air Force uniform, as if still 
wondering if he was part of an official investigation.

Buying time, Willingham, who spoke Spanish, chatted with one of 
the officers, a Lieutenant Martínez of Mexico City, who offered to take 
Willingham closer to the main impact site. Perkins was not included 
in the invitation. As the pilot approached to within thirty-five or forty 
feet of the burning-hot object, two soldiers carrying rifles tipped with 
bayonets prevented him from getting any closer. Glancing in the direction
of the separated dome section, he noted that it was more heavily 
guarded  than  the  rest  of  the  debris  and  was  warned  to  keep  away. 
Willingham also observed a number of Mexican government officials 
at the crash site.13

“It was at this point,” Ruben and Noe told me, “that he [Willingham] 
saw the ET bodies, which is a fact he withheld from us during the writing 
of our book but later revealed on the Jeff Rense radio program on March 
8, 2010. He disclosed for the first time his recollection of three strange, 
non-human entities that he saw inside the ruptured hull of the crashed 
UFO. Willingham said two of the bodies were badly mangled but one 
was fairly intact. The entities wore no clothing of any kind. He was fascinated
 by the arms of the creatures, which he described as being ‘like 
broomsticks.’”14

As the light was fading, Willingham joined Perkins and headed toward 
their  plane.  Determined  not  to  take  off  without  having  retrieved  some 
evidence (he had not thought to bring a camera with him), he picked up 
one of the many fragments of shiny metal, still warm, wrapped it in his 
handkerchief, and put it in his pocket. They took off at about 16:30. After 
a refuelling stop near Waco, they headed back to Corsicana.

The following day, Willingham filed a detailed report at Carswell 
Air  Force  Base  about  the  incident,  which  was  forwarded  to  Colonel 
Miller, commander of the Air Force Reserve unit. At some point later, Miller 
summoned Willingham to his office. Also present were two of the other 
pilots he had been flying with during the initial sighting. After Will-
ingham  had  related  details  of  his  experience  in  Langtry,  there  was 
little response. But he was later to receive several disturbing telephone 
calls from various personnel, including a general and a major in Air 
Force Intelligence, warning of “consequences” if he related to others 
what he had seen.15

THE METAL ARTIFACT
The curved metal artifact was about the size of a man’s hand and half an 
inch thick, of a grayish-silver coloration and extremely light, with more 
than twenty precisely crafted holes in a honeycombed pattern on one side. 
(A sketch of the artifact made by Willingham in 1978 for a Japanese television
 program is reproduced in the Torres/Uriarte book.) Ridges on the 
other side or sides looked to Willingham “as if this piece had been broken 
off from a larger object. . . . The outside was kind of a dark gray and the 
inside of it was kind of orange-colored.”

A keen metallurgist, Willingham ran a series of tests, including several 
with a cutting torch. At temperatures from 3,200 to 3,800 degrees Fahrenheit
, the metal became hot but would not melt. “The cutting torch made 
the metal turn slightly blue for a while, but it did no lasting damage,” he 
reported. “We tried grinders and everything else, but nothing would even 
touch it.”

Most unfortunately-as it transpired-Willingham did not take any 
photographs of the metal. He flew the fragment from Texas to a Marine 
Corps  metallurgy  laboratory  in  Hagerstown,  Maryland,  where  a  major 
applied the same tests, with identical results. Further tests were needed, he 
said, after which he would get back to Willingham. The following day, the 
major phoned and apologized, explaining that he had to move out of the 
building. When Willingham called back later and asked to speak to him, 
he was informed that no such person worked there, and no records existed 
of either the metal or the tests carried out. A further visit to Hagerstown 
revealed only that it would not be in his best interests to pursue the matter.16 
Further warnings ensued. Two Air Force Intelligence personnel-a General 
White17 and a Major Sealton-warned Willingham to tell no one, even if 
commanded to do so by a superior.

Within two weeks of the experience at Langtry, Willingham flew over 
the same area to see what had happened. Not a fragment of the device 
could be seen. As in other crash/retrieval cases, the entire site had been 
wiped clean by (I presume) a technical intelligence team,18 also known as 
a “T-Force,” usually assigned the responsibility of collecting flying discs 
at that time.19

In 1967, Colonel Willingham made the mistake of mentioning his experience
to a reporter for a weekly newspaper in Pennsylvania. On retiring from 
the Air Force with many decorations in 1971/72, he was informed that he 
would not be receiving a pension. “Of course, they didn’t tell me that 
it was because of what I said,” he told Torres and Uriarte, “but I figured it 
out. Twenty-six years of service went down the drain. . . .”20

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
From about 1959 to 1963, Colonel Willingham was assigned to Project 
Blue Book, the third of the U.S. Air Force’s official investigations into 
unidentified flying objects (1952–69). “Of the two thousand cases that my 
Blue Book team looked at, I would say that at least half of them were totally 
unexplained,” he acknowledged-at variance, not surprisingly, with Blue 
Book’s official figures. The cases Willingham investigated were mostly 
on the East Coast, but occasionally he was ordered further afield, such as 
to Chile and Venezuela:

“We were contacted by people down in South America who had seen 
these objects flying around and were very scared. So I went down there in 
an F-100 [Super Sabre] and we flew surveillance, looking for the UFOs 
in the places where they had been seen. Some of these were night missions, 
flying up and down the coast, hoping to run into something. . . . 
If something was sighted at night, one of the planes would be sent out, 
and another would take off shortly afterward to provide cover for the first 
plane. We were armed, but we were instructed to fire only when we faced 
danger to our own plane. If they were doing something to screw up our 
airplane, we could fire.”

He did not see any unidentified objects during these surveillance missions
-officially  logged  as  “test  flights”-with  the  192nd  Interceptor 
Squadron.21 Of incidental interest, a USAF cover reference for UFOs is/
was “Unusual Helicopter Activity.” Furthermore, I have learned that foreign 
cases were handled by Project Fang-not Blue Book.22

Willingham later learned about two other crashes of alien craft: one 
in North Texas, somewhere near Dallas, in the mid-1960s, when three 
alien bodies had been recovered. “They shut that one up really tight,” he 
recalled. “It was hushed up very quickly.” He was keen to visit the location
, but access was denied. A second crash-also said to have involved 
the recovery of bodies-occurred in Colorado earlier in the 1960s. Yet 
again, the military clamped down on the incident.23 He did not dismiss 
the possibility that the craft he saw might have been damaged by U.S. 
military intervention-a strong likelihood, in my view, given that since 
the 1940s quite a number of alien vehicles have been brought down to 
earth by the military.

Investigator Kevin D. Randle, who has served with the U.S. Air Force 
and the Army National Guard, involving numerous tours on active duty as 
an intelligence officer, believes the entire Willingham story to be a fabrication
. He cites, for example, the lack of any military documents proving his 
service in the Air Force Reserve. All he could find in St. Louis, Missouri, 
where records of former military personnel are housed, was a record of 
Willingham’s service in the Army from December 1945 to January 1947. 
What few records Willingham has produced are dismissed as fabrications 
or irrelevant. One is a Reserve Order which, Randle reports, “seemed to 
indicate  that  Willingham  had  served  twenty  years  of  combined  active 
duty and reserve time and would be eligible for a pension when he reached 
age sixty. That applies for those who have not done twenty years of active 
duty.” And so on.24

Noe and Ruben sent me copies of several of the few documents pertaining
to Willingham’s service record which have been located. Though 
I am no expert, the Reserve Order does appear to have some questionable 
anomalies. But it has to be said that pilots and other military personnel 
who encounter UFOs frequently discover that many of their service records 
are either missing, or, as in the previous case of Colonel Roy J. Edwards, 
altered significantly.

Both Noe Torres and Ruben Uriarte find Colonel Willingham highly 
credible. So do I. “Originally,” Noe explained to me, “we got started on the 
Robert Burton Willingham (RBW) case based on the recommendation 
of Dr. Bruce Maccabee [a retired U.S. Navy physicist], who had studied 
the case for years and considered RBW a credible witness with nothing 
to gain by lying. RBW showed us countless photographs and [pieces of] 
paperwork from his military days. . . . Randle contends that RBW never 
served in the U.S. Air Force or Air Force Reserve. When RBW has come 
forward with documents that show he served in these units, Randle has 
called them fraudulent.

“Ruben and I have cooperated one hundred percent with all Randle’s 
many requests for information about the case over the past two years, but 
it became increasingly frustrating due to his unsupported dismissal of key 
documents and his closed-mindedness about the case. Someone specifically
 assigned the task of discrediting RBW could not possibly have done 
a better job of it. Randle has stated to us several times that RBW should 
be charged with violation of a U.S. law that prohibits persons from falsely 
claiming that they received certain military honors or medals. But Randle 
can no more prove that these claims are false than we can conclusively 
prove that they are true, since the military has conveniently lost most of 
RBW’s service records.


“Willingham was ordered by military intelligence not to disclose, and 
he lives in fear about that to this very day. He has told us that ‘they’ have 
already tampered with his life, his military retirement benefits, etc. He 
admits to being deliberately vague and even misleading when Todd Zechel 
[ex-National Security Agency] and NICAP [National Investigations Committee
 on Aerial Phenomena] first contacted him in the late 1970s. If you 
read his 1978 affidavit, he does not give a date for the UFO crash. The 
1948 date is something Randle injects to discredit RBW, but RBW never 
gave that date. . . . In his 1978 affidavit, he was being evasive in order to 
protect his own skin.

“We have spent hours face-to-face with RBW. He is a straight shooter, 
down-to-earth, matter-of-fact personality with an extremely conservative 
background. Like Randle, Ruben and I also wish we had more hard-core, 
indisputable documentary evidence regarding RBW’s military service, but 
the fact is, we may never get it. . . .”25

LARGE CRAFT INTERCEPTED OVER THE U.K.
It was the height of the Cold War. On the night of May 20, 1957, Milton 
John Torres, a 25-year-old lieutenant serving as a U.S. Air Force fighter 
pilot with the 514th Fighter Interceptor Squadron in the 406th Fighter 
Expeditionary Wing, was on standby at the Royal Air Force base at Man-
ston, Kent, when he received an urgent order to scramble and intercept an 
unknown object. He raced to one of the two F-86D Sabre jets on permanent 
five-minute alert at the end of the runway and took off.

“The initial briefing indicated that the ground [control] was observing 
for a considerable time a blip that was orbiting East Anglia,” Torres later 
wrote in his unofficial report to the U.K. Ministry of Defence in 1988, 
released in a batch of documents in 2008:

“All the controlling agencies revealed that this was an unidentified 
flying object with very unusual flight patterns [and] motionless for long 
intervals. The instructions came to go ‘gate’ to expedite the intercept. 
Gate  was  the  term  used  to  use  maximum  power  (in  the  case  of  the 
F-86D, that meant full afterburner) and to proceed to an Initial Point 
at about 32,000 feet. By this time my radar was on and I was looking 
prematurely for the bogey [unknown object]. The instructions came to 
TIMOTHY GOODreport any visual observation, to which I replied, ‘I’m in the soup and it 
is impossible to see anything!’

“The  weather  was  probably  high  alto  stratus,  but  between  being 
over  the  North  Sea  and  in  the  weather,  no  frame  of  reference  was 
available-i.e.,  no  stars,  no  lights,  no  silhouettes;  in  short,  nothing. 
GCI [Ground-controlled Interception] continued the vectoring and the 
dialogue describing the strange antics of the UFO. The exact turns and 
maneuvers they gave me were all predicated to reach some theoretical 
point for a lead collision-course type rocket release. I can remember 
reaching the level-off and requesting to come out of afterburner only 
to be told to stay in afterburner. It wasn’t much later that I noticed my 
indicated Mach number was about .92 . . . about as fast as the F-86D 
could go straight and level.

“Then the order came to fire a full salvo of rockets at the UFO. I 
was only a lieutenant and was very much aware of the gravity of the 
situation. To be quite candid, I almost s__t my pants! At any rate, I 
had my hands full trying to fly, search for bogeys, and now selecting a 
hot load on the switches. I asked for authentication of the order to fire, 
and I received it. . . .

“The  authentication  was  valid,  and  I  selected  24  [2.75-inch  Mighty 
Mouse]  rockets  to  salvo.  I  wasn’t  paying  too  much  attention  to  [my 
wingman], but I clearly remember him giving a ‘Roger’ to all the transmissions
 . . . instructions were given to look 30 degrees to the port for my 
bogey. I did not have a hard time at all. There it was exactly where I was 
told it would be [on his radar]. The blip was burning a hole in the radar 
with its incredible intensity. . . .

“I had a lock-on that had the proportions of an aircraft carrier. By that, I 
mean the return on the radar was so strong that it could not be overlooked 
by the fire control system on the F-86D [and] it was the best target I could 
ever remember locking on to. I had locked on in just a few seconds, and I 
locked on exactly fifteen miles, which was the maximum range for lock-
on. I called to the GCI ‘Judy,’ which signified that I would take all further 
steering information from my radar computer. . . .

“I had an overtake of 800 knots and my radar was stable,” Torres’s report 
continues. “The dot [on the screen] was centered and only the slightest 
corrections were necessary. This was a very fast intercept and the circle 
started to shrink. I called ‘twenty seconds’ and the GCI indicated he was 
standing by. The overtake was still indicating in the 7 or 8 o’clock position
. At about ten seconds to go, I noticed that the overtake position was 
changing its position. It moved rapidly to the 6 o’clock, then 3 o’clock, then 
12 o’clock, and finally rested about the 11 o’clock position. This indicated a 
negative overtake of 200 knots (the maximum negative overtake displayed). 
There was no way of knowing what the actual speed of the UFO was, as 
he could be traveling at very high Mach numbers and I would only see the 
200-knot negative overtake.

“The circle, which was down to about an inch and a half in diameter, 
started to open up rapidly. Within seconds it was back to three inches in 
diameter, and the blip was visible in the blackened ‘jizzle’ band moving up 
the scope. This meant that it was going away from me. I reported this to the 
GCI site and they replied by asking ‘Do you have a Tally Ho?’ I replied that 
I was still in the soup and could see nothing. By this time the UFO had 
broken lock and I saw him leaving my thirty-mile range. Again I reported 
that he was gone, only to be told that he was off their scope as well. . . .”26
Torres had the impression the craft was moving at no less than Mach 
10 (over 7,000 mph) when it disappeared. “It didn’t follow classic Newto-
nian mechanics,” he told reporter Billy Cox. “It made a right turn almost 
on a dime. The [RAF radar] scope had a range of 250 miles. And after 
two sweeps, which took two seconds, it was gone.”27 The pilots were then 
vectored back to Manston.

A CLOAK OF SECRECY
“Back in the alert tent, I talked to Met sector,” the Torres report continues. 
“They advised me that the blip had gone off the scope in two sweeps at 
the GCI site and that they had instructions to tell me that the mission was 
considered classified. They also advised that I would be contacted by some 
investigator. It was the next day before anyone showed up.

“I  had  not  the  foggiest  idea  what  had  actually  occurred,  nor  would 
anyone explain anything to me. In the squadron operations area, one of 
the sergeants came to me and brought me in to the hallway around the 
side of the pilots’ briefing room. He approached a civilian, who appeared 
TIMOTHY GOODfrom nowhere. The civilian looked like a well-dressed IBM salesman, with 
a dark blue trenchcoat. (I cannot remember his facial features, only to say 
he was in his thirties or early forties.)”28

In  an  interview  with  The Times  of  London  in  2008,  the  77-year-old 
Torres-by then a retired professor of civil engineering-told defence editor 
Michael Evans that the man flashed a National Security Agency (NSA) 
identity card at him and warned that if he ever revealed what had happened, 
he would never fly again.29 “He immediately jumped into asking me questions 
about the previous day’s mission. I got the impression that he operated out 
of the States, but I don’t know for sure. After my debriefing of the events, 
he advised me that this would be considered highly classified and that I 
could not discuss it with anybody, not even my commander [as in the case of 
Colonel Willingham]. . . . He threatened me with a national security breach 
if I breathed a word about it to anyone.”30 (In the Air Force Times, Dr. Torres 
elaborated that the agent had threatened to revoke his flying privileges and 
end his Air Force career if he talked about the mission.31)

“He disappeared without so much as a good-bye, and that was that as 
far as I was concerned. I was significantly impressed by the action of the 
cloak-and-dagger people, and I have not spoken of this to anyone until 
recent years.”32

Lieutenant Torres later became a range control officer at Cape Canaveral 
for the Gemini and Apollo space programs before flying 276 combat missions
 in the Vietnam War and earned thirteen air medals, including the 
Distinguished Flying Cross. He attained the rank of major prior to retiring 
from the military in 1971 and later became a professor of engineering at 
Florida International University, retiring in 2004.33

In  other  interviews,  Dr.  Torres  expressed  relief  that  he  had  not 
actually been ordered to fire upon the craft because he was certain he 
“would have been vaporized,”34 and asserted his conviction that the craft 
was designed by an alien intelligence.35 “My impression,” he concludes in 
his report to the Ministry of Defence, “was that whatever the aircraft (or 
spacecraft) was, it must have been traveling in two-digit Mach numbers 
to have done what I witnessed.

“Perhaps the cloak of secrecy can be lifted in this day of enlightenment 
and all of us can have all the facts. . . .”36

A letter to Lt. Col. Roy Jack Edwards from former president Jimmy Carter. 

In 1955, while stationed at Edwards Air Force Base test-flying an F-100C 
Super Sabre, Edwards’s jet was attacked by a large unknown craft, 
temporarily blinding him and disabling the aircraft’s communications. The 
U.S. Air Force later falsified his whereabouts at the time of the incident. 

(The Carter Center)

===========================================================================
CHAPTER NINE. 'A NEW WORLD-IF YOU CAN TAKE IT'

Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso served on the staff of the National 
Security Council (NSC) and became an inter-agency coordinator for 
the NSC’s Operations Coordinating Board-also known as the “Special
 Group,” “54/12 Committee,” or “5412 Group.” As such, I learned, it 
was “the most clandestine, covert, and senior secret intelligence authorizing 
and controlling committee in the executive branch of the U.S. government 
during the Truman and Eisenhower administrations.”

From 1961 to 1963, Corso acted as chief of the U.S. Army’s Foreign 
Technology Division at the Pentagon. In 1997, his book-The Day After 
Roswell-caused a sensation with the revelation that he had been instructed 
by  his  boss,  Lieutenant  General  Arthur  Trudeau,  chief  of  U.S.  Army 
Research and Development, to steward alien artefacts from the Roswell 
incident  in  a  reverse-engineering  project  that  led  to  today’s  integrated 
circuit  chips,  fiber  optics,  lasers,  and  super-tenacity  fibers.1  Corso  also 
briefed  Robert  F.  Kennedy,  during  his  term  as  U.S.  Attorney  General, 
regarding the Army’s effort to seed extraterrestrial technologies into the 
private sector.2

Although  Corso  describes  in  detail  his  viewing  of  the  recovered 
alien bodies at Fort Riley, Kansas, omitted from the book was his close 
observation of a grounded flying disc and, later, an encounter with an alien 
being, which occurred while he was in command of the Army’s missile 
firing range at Red Canyon, White Sands, fifteen miles west of Carrizozo, 
New Mexico, in 1957. Corso’s Record of Assignments (in my possession) 
shows that he served as Battalion Commander, based at Fort Bliss, Texas, 
from June 1957 through August 1958.

Described in a manuscript provided for me,3 which Corso had intended 
for inclusion in his book, the separate events began with the intrusion and 
subsequent downing of an unknown craft.

“I took my small military plane with pilot and headed for the area where 
my radars had last located the object,” he reports. “We flew over the site 
and I saw a bright, shiny saucer-shaped object on the ground.” He assumed 
it was a missile booster.4

Later that day, Corso drove an Army car to the area where the unknown 
object had come down. “I asked Fort Bliss to send me an old World War 
II command car. It was built high off the ground, had large tires and four-
wheel drive [which] was ideal for cross-country over the desert. So I set 
off for the area about ten to fifteen miles from the down-range launching 
sites and well within my area of jurisdiction. I decided to go alone. I took 
my belt with pistol and canteen, a map and a compass and a Geiger counter 
which we used to test stray voltage in the connection between the booster 
and missile. . . . When I arrived at the spot I had marked on my map, there 
was nothing there but desert. I sat in my command car and surveyed the 
area with binoculars. Finally, I saw something shimmering like a heat wave. 
. . . Suddenly it materialized.

“It looked like a metal object [shaped like] a saucer. . . . Seconds ticked away 
and abruptly it disappeared. I approached closer. I stopped and waited. Then 
again after about ten minutes it materialized in the same shimmering manner, 
then quickly it disappeared. I timed its appearance (forty-eight seconds). Again 
after about twelve minutes it appeared again. I picked up a desert rock and 
threw it at the solid metal-appearing object. The rock bounced off but made 
no sound. It disappeared again. I placed a large rock in the spot and some 
sagebrush. When it reappeared, it crushed both stone and sagebrush.

“By the time interval I figured, I had a total of about five minutes to 
observe the object in its solid state. On this appearance I gathered my nerve 
and went and placed my hand on it. In the hot desert sun it was cool; the 
surface was smooth, and felt like a highly varnished table top. It had no 
rough edges, no seams, and no rivets or screws.

“When  it  disappeared,  I  went  back  to  my  command  car  and  sat  to 
observe  the  see,  no-see  sequence.  Each  time  it  appeared  to  shake,  but 
more like a shiver or tremble. Suddenly on the next appearance my Army 
compass  started  to  spin  and  my  Geiger  counter  began  to  fluctuate.  I 
thought, discretion is the better part of valor. I started the engine, put the 
command car in reverse, and gunned it. After about three or four hundred 
yards, the engine stopped. The object slowly rose, turned on edge, and 
with a streak disappeared. . . . The bright-colored streak as it disappeared 
remained embedded in my memory. I started the engine and made four or 
five widening circles around the site. I stopped and got down, and thought 
I saw footsteps on the ground.

“They looked like they were made with a soft moccasin. I placed my 
foot alongside. I wear an 8C. They were half the size. I put the Geiger-
counter leads on one. There was no reaction. I placed my compass. They 
were pointing east toward my missile firing sites, about ten miles away.”5
Two  days  later,  Corso  was  told  to  report  to  two  range  riders,  who 
demanded to know what he had seen at the site. “A booster from one of 
my missiles,” Corso responded. “There could be dire consequences for not 
telling us what you saw,” threatened one of the men.

“I am the commander of this U.S. Army installation, and don’t like 
threats in my command post,” Corso fired back. “If I press this button, a 
dozen armed men will surround this office. Consider yourself in protective 
custody; you will leave when I say so. . . . Now, give me your identification 
and the name of your commanding officer.” Over the phone, he explained 
to the officer that he had White House “Eyes Only” clearance and all other 
necessary clearances and therefore knew how to keep a secret.

Later, Corso flew over the area again to take another look at the object. 
But the area had been swept clean.6

GREEN TIME
“While I was in command of the U.S. Army’s missile firing range at the 
Red Canyon range, I had one very annoying problem,” relates Corso. “The 
range was part of the White Sands complex. I could not fire a missile unless 
they gave me what was called ‘green’ time. This coordination was necessary
so there would be no radar interference. At times they held me up for 
hours, keeping hundreds of men on hold.

“One hot day, during one of these lulls, I was downrange in my command
 car, with two of my sergeants (my command post was a white shack 
on a high hill overlooking the range). . . .”

“First Sergeant Willis asked me if I wanted to visit the gold mine, 
only a few miles from the range area. . . . A mile or so from the ‘D’ 
Battery firing site, we turned off the dusty desert road into what seemed 
like a moon ‘rille.’ Dark rocks on both sides, then into a sloping area 
with a dark outcropping like a cliff. We stopped and walked about a 
hundred  feet  to  a  simmering  pool  of  water.  In  the  cliff  area  was  an 
opening [where] we entered the mine shaft. . . . My men said antelopes, 
burros [small wild donkeys], coyotes, jackrabbits, birds, and even large 
rattlesnakes came here to partake of the cool water. It was like an oasis 
in the desert. . . .

“A week or so later, I was in my command shack during one of these 
White Sands-generated lulls. I decided to take a jeep and go visit the gold 
mine alone. When I arrived, some animals were around the pond. I drove 
up to the opening, went in, and sat down and cooled off in the natural air 
conditioning. The soft dripping water sound was almost hypnotic. I dozed 
off [but then] my instinct took over. My right hand slowly went to my 
holster. I drew my .45 and snapped off the safety. (Every other cartridge 
had a tip of pellets, like a shot-gun shell.)

“I drew the gun and rolled on my side. Suddenly, a word registered in 
my head-‘Don’t.’ In mental telepathy I responded, ‘Friend or Foe?’ The 
reply came back-‘Neither.’ I was impressed. In the shimmering half light, 
bouncing off the moving water, I saw a figure that appeared transparent. 
It had on a helmet, silver in color, large slanted eyes and a bright red spot 
on a band across the forehead [see sketch on the next page]. The message 
continued as our eyes met in the semi-light. ‘Will you give me ten minutes, 
radar free, after green time?’

“I thought back. ‘Ten minutes could be an eternity. What do you offer?’
“‘A new world-if you can take it.’

A sketch by Amy O’Brien based on Colonel Corso’s description of the alien.

“I started the jeep, looked back, and saw a figure in the shimmering 
light of the mine opening. I saluted and took off.

“When I arrived at the range headquarters, Captain Williams reported, 
‘Sir, D Battery locked on, for sixty seconds, on an object fifty miles out, 
traveling three thousand mph.’
“‘Tell D Battery to send me the tape.’
“The downed radars must have cleared an opening to let in a reported 
UFO. Did it pick up my new-found friend? Or enemy?”7

On the alien’s helmet, Corso thought he caught a glimpse of something
 that looked similar to the familiar caduceus symbol-that of the 
tree and the coiled serpent.8 “As for the (caduceus) sign of healing,” 
he wrote, “we compiled quite a list of medical by-products and other 
advances of our R&D [research and development]. The mental conversation
I dismissed at the time as figments of my imagination. In 1960 
I discovered that without vocal cords they probably communicated by 
mental telepathy.”

In pondering the request for “green time,” Corso theorized that radar had 
caused loss of the craft’s control systems, resulting in its subsequent crash.
“‘A new world-if you can take it.’ There was no other reply possible,” 
reflected Corso. “The debris [from the Roswell wreckage], research and 
development, new concepts, etc., were nothing else except the beginning 
of the challenge. Many men have taken up the challenge. New developments
are coming so fast, after a slow start (1947–1960) that we can hardly 
keep up with them. If the alternative is destruction, we are progressing well 
toward ‘taking it.’

“Like Hermann Oberth said, ‘We have been helped by those from outer 
space.’ Most of what I did during my [research and development] tour were 
just concepts, but many are working out. . . .”9

INTERSTELLAR CAPABILITY
On  March  23,  1993,  Ben  Rich,  who  had  headed  Lockheed  Martin’s 
Skunk Works, which among others had built the SR-71 Blackbird high-
speed reconnaissance plane and the F-117A Nighthawk “stealth” attack 
bomber, gave a presentation to the Engineering Alumni Association at 
the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA), of which Rich was 
an alumnus. Two researchers I know, Tom Keller and Jan Harzan, who 
also had graduated from UCLA, attended the illustrated lecture. Tom is 
an aerospace engineer who has worked, for example, as a computer systems 
analyst for NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and Jan is an engineer and 
senior project executive with IBM Global Services.
TIMOTHY GOOD“We sat at the front of the audience, say about 150 to 200 folks,” Tom’s 
report begins. “I took a look around. The 200-or-so capacity auditorium 
was filled with what appeared to be aerospace-industry professionals, the 
press, members of academia, and a few military types in uniform sitting 
at the back-Air Force ‘blue-suiters.’ Knowing the history of Lockheed’s 
activity in military intelligence, my guess was that there also were also a 
few ‘spooks’ there too.”

“Please  don’t  ask  me  any  questions  about  the  Aurora  project,”  Rich 
announced  in  his  introduction.  (Aurora  is  reportedly  the  top-secret 
unmanned hypersonic reconnaissance craft that replaced the SR-71.) “I 
can’t answer any and if I did, I’d be thrown in jail. There are some representatives
 of the CIA here who I recognize.”

Rich continued for an hour reviewing the history of the Skunk Works, 
highlighted  by  numerous  slides.  “He  described  the  U-2  reconnaissance 
plane and its successor, the TR-1 variants [and] the SR-71 Blackbird [and] 
the little-known D-21 supersonic spy drone that was carried atop an SR-71 
mother ship,” Tom continues. “The part of the lecture in which he truly 
beamed was the F-117 stealth attack plane (sometimes erroneously called 
a ‘stealth fighter’). . . . All of these aircraft were built by the Skunk Works, 
not designed by them and then built by someone else.”10

Clarence “Kelly” Johnson was the legendary designer of aircraft such as 
the above. Of related interest, the Lockheed A-12 reconnaissance aircraft 
(code-named Oxcart), of which thirteen were built at the Skunk Works 
for the CIA, preceded both the YF-12 interceptor and the SR-71 (ordered 
by the U.S. Air Force). Donald Phillips, who prior to joining the U.S. Air 
Force worked as a design engineer on the SR-71 project with Johnson, stated 
cautiously at a National Press Club conference in 2001 that he was aware of 
evidence that these aircraft had served in another capacity apart from their 
more routine missions. “Each pilot-and I knew a few of them-learned 
about the assignment immediately prior to takeoff, and there’s strong evidence
 to suggest that there was a dual role in that they were monitoring 
some type of traffic to and from Earth. . . .”11

At one point in his memorable presentation, Ben Rich said, “If you can 
imagine it, Lockheed Skunk Works has done it,” a phrase he later repeated 
on two occasions. And in his concluding comments, he added, “We already 
have the means to travel among the stars. But these technologies are locked 
up in black projects and it would take an Act of God to ever get them out to 
benefit humanity. Anything you can imagine, we already know how to do.”
He then showed his last slide-an artist’s conception of a flying disc zip-
ping off into the unknown-and announced, “We now have the technology 
to take ET home.” The reaction of the audience was nervous laughter, Tom 
recalls. “My interpretation was that this was Rich’s way of saying, ‘We can 
do it now.’ A few others in the room, including my friend Jan, also took 
this statement very seriously. All you had to do was read between the lines.
“The talk concluded with some questions and answers and the formal 
part  of  the  program  was  over.  As  soon  as  it  ended,  about  thirty  of  us 
crowded around Rich like rock fans around the Beatles at their last concert. 
I was beginning to wonder if anyone else (except Jan, as he and I think 
alike) in the audience was having the same thoughts: Could Skunk Works 
be working on some otherworldly craft as we spoke?

“One man spoke up and said that he was a new manager at Northrop 
[which built the B-2A Spirit stealth bomber] and wanted Rich’s advice. 
Rich pointed his finger at the man and said, ‘Well, let me ask you a question: 
Is it possible to travel to the stars?’ The man was taken aback a bit and 
then said, ‘Oh, sure. It would just take a long time.’ Rich replied, ‘No, it 
won’t take someone’s lifetime to do it. There is an error in the equations and 
we know what it is, and we now have the capability to travel to the stars.’
“Rich went on to imply that various people at Skunk Works had been 
studying alternative propulsion technologies for interstellar travel [and] said 
they had, for example, determined that Einstein’s equations dealing with 
relativity theory were incorrect. I asked him to clarify that. Did he mean 
that Skunk Works employed theoretical physicists, ‘Einstein types,’ to look for 
alternative means of space travel? Rich said ‘Yes,’ [then] went on to say that 
they had proved that Einstein was wrong. He made a mistake.

“I didn’t know how that set with other people in the room, but to me 
that possibly meant that they had determined how it was possible to travel 
faster than the speed of light. It’s important to keep in mind that Skunk 
Works is a fabrication outfit. They are not in business to be a theoretical 
think-tank. My take on this was that at Skunk Works they were looking 
for loopholes in Einstein’s work that would give them a way of traveling 
at ultra-high, faster-than-light speeds, to the stars and back. I interpreted 
Rich’s comments to mean that the scientists at Skunk Works had found 
such a loophole-and they were building or had built a craft to do it.

“One woman in the small crowd apparently had similar thoughts. She 
asked, ‘Mr. Rich, when will the ETs go home?’ Rich smiled, looked down 
at the floor, and said nothing. Some of us were left wondering what his 
response might have been had he been able to answer without fear of being 
sentenced to twenty years in Fort Leavenworth.

“As  Rich  was  walking  out  of  the  door,  Jan  followed  him  and  asked 
privately, ‘Ben, what equations are you talking about?’ He just looked at 
Jan, who then explained that he was interested in propulsion and wanted 
to know how UFO propulsion worked. Rich said, ‘Let me ask you: How 
does ESP work?’ Jan replied without thinking, ‘All points in time and space 
are connected?’ Rich shot back, ‘That’s how it works!’

“Jan did not know if Rich was referring to his question or his answer. 
Rich then turned around and abruptly left the room. . . .”12

The great pioneer died of cancer in January 1995, aged sixty-nine.

===========================================================================
CHAPTER TEN. GRAY LIAISON

The summer of 2009 brought me a promising letter. “I have a true story 
to tell [which] relates to my RAF Service, 1955–1957, and involves an 
alien situation at the camp where I was stationed,” the writer began. 
“I need some advice and wonder if you have time for a chat? I would add 
that my involvement, with five of my RAF/Fleet Air Arm pals, fills the 
gap relating to Britain.”1

My  informant-“Thomas”-spoke  guardedly  about  the  gist  of  the 
“alien situation” when I first conversed with him on the phone, stressing 
that he was still bound by the Official Secrets Act. However, he wished 
to include the story in a book he was currently engaged in writing about 
his Royal Air Force career and requested my guidance on how to proceed. 
I agreed to visit him for a couple of days at his home in the West Country. 
Much of the information presented in this chapter is taken from Thomas’s 
remarkable manuscript,2 and from my regular communications with him.
Thomas began by giving me details of his National Service record. In 
March 1955, at the age of eighteen, he had been posted to RAF Card-
ington, Bedfordshire. He then was posted as Airman Second Class (AC2) 
to  Padgate,  Lancashire,  for  “square-bashing,”  consisting  largely  of  .303 
rifle/bayonet drill. Following that came trade training, in which Thomas 
and his colleagues were given a choice of five RAF trades. Thomas ticked 
off five “admin” jobs, and was assigned to the Equipment Provisioning and 
Accounting Section (EPAS) at RAF Creddon Hill in Hereford for five 
weeks’ training. In due course, he was posted to RAF Weston Zoyland, 
Somerset, and nearby RAF Merryfield.

Located some four miles from Bridgwater, Weston Zoyland was originally
 a World War II airfield, opened in 1944 and used jointly by the 
Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces, primarily for transport
 aircraft. It was also used, I learned, as a secret base in that period by 
Britain’s Special Operations Executive (SOE). After the end of war in 
the European theater, four fighter squadrons occupied the station briefly. 
The station was then used as a reserve RAF Fighter Command airfield, 
but little flying took place there until the summer of 1952, when Meteor 
and Vampire jets operated there in a training role. Canberra bomber/
photo  reconnaissance  and  training  aircraft  were  present  during  the 
mid-1950s. By 1958, no more aircraft used Weston Zoyland. During 
the relevant period, the commanding officer was Group Captain H. E. 
Hopkins. Today, several derelict buildings remain, excluding the hangars 
but including the control tower, which I explored in September 2010. Part 
of the airfield is used nowadays for microlights, and it is also a base for 
the Sky Watch Civil Air Patrol.

At the time of  Thomas’s posting there, Weston Zoyland had been taken 
over by the Fleet Air Arm (FAA). EPAS included a squadron leader in 
charge, plus a flight lieutenant, a couple of corporals, and the six airmen, 
including Thomas, who became firm friends with his colleagues.

One morning, the flight sergeant (“Flight”) came over to the EPAS 
office  and  whispered  to  Thomas  that  he  was  to  present  himself  in  the 
squadron leader’s office at 10:00, to say nothing to anyone, and to join his 
colleagues. The flight sergeant ordered the men to be on parade outside 
No. 1 hangar at 08:30 the following morning, dressed in their “best blues.” 
At the appointed hour, the EPAS team assembled outside the hangar, followed
 by the squadron leader with three others, one in naval uniform. The 
team snapped to attention.

“Airmen,” began the squadron leader, “you will all recall signing the 
Official Secrets Act. You will be here until the end of your service, by which 
time the matter you will be dealing with will have been resolved. Or should 
be. . . . Your duties will be extraordinary, to say the least.”

No badges of any sort were to be worn. “To anyone in camp you will 
be rank-less and anonymous,” continued the squadron leader. “On the left 
epaulette of both your new working blues you will find an orange band 
already in place. You will not remove them at any time.

“You will have no status whatsoever as far as any other personnel can 
see. Only yourselves and others involved on the project will know who you 
are, and from time to time that will include civilians as well as members 
of the armed forces.

“You will all receive a small pay increase and will deserve it. However, 
you will say nothing about it to anyone, even at home, if you go on leave. 
The  increase  will  be  on  a  scale  higher  than  your  actual  rank.  Simply 
follow orders quietly and responsibly and all will go well and smoothly. 
. . . You cannot go off camp in uniform, nor take your orange flashes off 
camp, nor will you say one single word about today for the remainder 
of your service, not even to your nearest and dearest. Is that perfectly 
understood?”

The team confirmed that it was. “Now, of course, you are all curious as 
to what the hell this all about. You will return to your billet, then change 
into your new shirt-sleeve order, with orange flashes worn as instructed. 
Be here at No. 1 hangar at 14:30 hours for a further briefing. Stay together 
and not a word to anyone, no matter who. . . .”

CODE ORANGE
Thoroughly  bemused,  Thomas  and  his  colleagues-now  effectively 
attached to the Fleet Air Arm-presented themselves outside hangar No. 1 
at the appointed time. The squadron leader summoned the men into the 
hangar and ordered them to sit down on a row of six chairs-individually 
assigned with the mens’ initials. Opposite stood a table with four chairs. 
A car drew up outside and the three men from earlier that day came and 
sat down, dressed this time in civilian suits. “One was tall and hawkish,” 
Thomas reported, “and the other strongly built with a head of white hair. 
The naval officer sat away from them, allowing our squadron leader to sit 
beside him, but between him and the two civilians.”
“You are now attired as you will be for the remainder of your service,” 
began the squadron leader. “You each have certain things in common. For 
example, you passed your RAF entrance exams at the top of your classes, 
though of course you did not know that about each other. Equally, at your 
respective training camps you were recorded as best airmen in your Flight. 
. . . I shall not introduce you to the three gentlemen with me today. If any 
of you feel you know any or all of them by sight, forget it and say nothing.
“The task you are going to undertake may be quite easy, but it could 
become extremely difficult. We have known about it for some years and 
have made certain preparations at this airfield during the past six months. 
You may have observed activity at and near this hangar which appeared to 
be a building project. It is a secret project and all works have been carried 
out by military experts, some flown in from the United States and Canada. 
The men and women involved are no longer in camp.”

The project henceforth was to be referred to as “Code Orange.” “All 
personnel in camp have been told the airmen with orange flashes are on 
sensitive RAF work,” continued the squadron leader, “and you are not to be 
interrupted, questioned as to your work or whatever. If you are questioned, 
then treat it as a breach of security, reporting the incident on the phone in 
your new quarters.”

Thomas and another colleague, Alan, were assigned overall charge of 
Code Orange, within the camp perimeter. Next, one of the “suits”-the 
man with white hair-addressed the new team, after thanking the squadron 
leader for his briefing. “I work for the government as a scientist and feel 
satisfied that all has gone as it should here today,” he began. “So, what is 
Code Orange about? It is about an incident that occurred in the American 
state of New Mexico during 1947, a most unfortunate incident that involved 
living beings from another world crashing to Earth, for reasons I will not 
go into here, and of deaths and casualties,” claimed the man. “Code Orange 
is about ordinary country people on the spot at the time and of military 
personnel becoming involved under orders from their superiors within the 
military and within the government. Code Orange is about putting right, 
as best we can, a mess. . . .

“I am here to explain your part, and perhaps then we can learn more 
about how to take advantage of the alien technology as a priority over alien 
life. Whatever the outcome, Code Orange is about a strange craft and 
its occupants who did not complete their journey in New Mexico after 
all-well,  two  of  them  did  not,  and  who  knows  if  others  got  away? 
[There were] three craft on the 1947 situation, each with seating areas 
for three. Two dead bodies were recovered, two alive and still held by 
the military.

“Other craft have been sighted over many years and many have landed. 
They are not all from the same place, and are therefore of different races. 
The two aliens still held by the military are having, shall we say, an English 
holiday. It is too hot for them where they were and the wrong people are 
getting close.

“The aliens are vastly more intelligent than we are as a race. So despite 
considerable arguments, they themselves have forced a move, and months 
of talks and time-wasting have at last resulted in Code Orange. . . . The 
two aliens went silent, refusing to communicate unless they were moved. 
They do not speak and voice their words aloud as we do, but they converse 
with each other and us in silence. For want of a better expression, the term 
‘thought transference’ will do, but they communicate mood too. . . . Your 
task is to look after them here-until they decide to communicate again, 
or not. You will be shown how.”

“That was it, really,” reflected Thomas. “The other two did not have 
anything to say to us. I remember sitting quietly, trying to take it all in. 
Then we were told to sort out our new billet at the side of No. 1 hangar 
and settle in immediately. . . .”

SUNRISE AND SUNSET
The office at Weston Zoyland was reached by the team directly from their 
billet, and another door led into the hangar. “A long desk with three chairs 
was along one wall, with two telephones, piles of notepads, pens, pencils, 
and a radio set and typewriter,” Thomas reported. “Filing cabinets were 
ready for use and a screen ‘looked into’ the hangar, but was not ‘on’ at first. 
Fire buckets and extinguishers, tea and coffee facilities and water were 
laid on to a sink basin. A fairly ordinary situation then, but extraordinary 
was a metal cupboard with revolvers and ammunition and a set of white 
overalls for all of us.”
TIMOTHY GOODThomas’s team had the use of other amenities nearby and were permitted 
access to the NAAFI (Navy, Army and Air Force Institutes) shop and the 
Mess at mealtimes, though only two at a time. The team received orders to 
man the office from 08:00 to 16:00 each day, until further notice. “At that 
time we organized two four-hour shifts, always with Alan or myself leading 
these in turn,” Thomas explained. “We received phone calls on a regular basis 
to verify that all was well, from an anonymous female voice, the origin of 
which we were never told. We were given a password-‘Sunrise’-and had to 
use it in reply to the woman’s password-‘Sunset’-which I will never forget.”

SPECIAL DELIVERY
The team looked after the office and kept themselves fit by running or 
walking outside the hangar and in the large field adjoining it. Nothing 
relevant occurred until well into the second week, when a phone call came 
from a man advising Thomas that a Code Orange delivery was due on 
the Saturday of the following week. Early on the next Monday morning, the 
team was advised that their password would change to that of the project 
name. The usual female contact advised them that on Wednesday at 08:00 
a special consignment would be arriving (at Merryfield).

Thomas told me that the special consignment, originating in the U.S., 
was delivered from somewhere in the U.K.-Scotland, he believes-by 
train, ending its rail journey at Ilton Halt, thence by a huge vehicle to 
Merryfield.

Like Weston Zoyland, Merryfield had been used in World War II by 
the USAAF and RAF, and then by the latter as an advanced pilot and 
training  establishment  with  Meteor  and  Vampire  jets  until  the  end  of 
1954. During the following two years-which involved Code Orange-a 
detachment from an operational conversion unit, with Canberra jets, was 
often present. Then came the Royal Navy with Sea Venoms, until 1958. 
By 1961, it was abandoned until 1971 when, as Royal Naval Air Station 
Merryfield (HMS Heron II) it was used for assault helicopter training and 
exercises. Today, it remains an operational airfield and a restricted area, 
with security on the gate.3

About twenty feet high and eight to ten feet deep, the wooden crate 
was hauled on to the back of a large wide-load vehicle, secured with steel 
cable hawsers on its narrow end. “It didn’t cause a lot of problems along 
those  Somerset  roads  on  its  short  journey  to  Merryfield,  as  one  might 
imagine,”  Thomas  explained  to  me.  “However,  some  traffic  problems 
delayed delivery.”

“It was 11:00 when the two motorcycle MPs (Military Police) roared 
up to the doors of No. 1 hangar followed by the huge wide-load vehicle, 
all noise and flashing lights, then two more motorcycles with a staff car 
following,” Thomas reports. “The hangar door slid smoothly shut on it.” 
An hour or so later, the presence of a group captain in the hangar was 
announced to the team via phone. On being admitted to the office, he 
introduced himself, explaining first that a viewing screen in the office was 
now operational, enabling the men to see into the hangar. “The hangar had 
a pitch roof with rows of skylights and a pair of very large hangar sliding 
doors to the front,” Thomas continues. “There were rows of strip lighting 
for night use. Our billet-cum-office was on one side abutting the west hall 
of the hangar with the one door between us. An orange six-inch-diameter 
circle was painted on it [and] the viewing screen had a small red light above 
it, no doubt showing it was ‘on.’ From within the hangar there was no way 
of knowing what was behind our door.”

A  large  red-brick  room  had  been  built  at  the  back  of  the  hangar, 
within which was another room mainly made of glass or similar material.  
“Its  rear  wall,  really  a  gigantic  window,  looked  out  across  the 
Somerset countryside to a distant perimeter fence we were told was electrified,” 
Thomas revealed. “We later learned that the electrified fence 
was only fixed about No. 1 hangar at Merryfield and that the fencing 
around the remainder of the camp remained normal. Just beyond this 
fence was another, some eight feet high but not electrified, and beyond 
it were fields and a river. Due to the slope from the rear of the hangar 
down to the river, the view was not despoiled by the fencing, nor could 
anyone else see in.”

About fifty feet by forty, the glass room was divided in two by a dark 
glass partition. Normal daylight was adequate, but strip lighting was used 
at night. Other rooms in the hangar were color-coded differently, each with 
windows looking into the hangar. “Security was very tight. We could see 
two men on a high platform facing the hangar doors. . . . During a practice 
security drill, we had seen a row of vertical bars shoot up from the ground 
[and] at that instant two armoured vehicles appeared. . . .”

When the crate had been positioned in the hangar and the lid taken 
away, the day after its arrival, the team was allowed to inspect it. “Almost 
touching the sides was a gray, glistening metallic saucer of perfectly circular 
shape,” Thomas describes. “It had what looked like a window all the way 
around but with no panes, just one strip of glass-like material, and we could 
see within to panels of instruments, screens, and three seats. At a nod from 
the group captain, four men in overalls ran across and within minutes the 
sides of the crate were on the floor.”

It looked, said Thomas, like two saucers, one in the usual position with 
the other upside-down on top of it. “Strange though it may seem, I felt it 
was alive and thinking, silent but as if brooding. It was more ‘alive’ than 
any other inanimate object I had ever seen.”

Three small seats with seemingly molded curved-topped backs-evidently
 not designed for adults of normal human stature-could be seen. 
No seat belts or any obvious “driving” apparatus were noted. As Thomas 
reveals:

“The  panel  of  instruments  facing  the  seats  swept  around  the  front 
half of the craft and was black or [very] dark gray. There were scores 
of  ‘keys’  of  the  shape  and  size  of  our  modern  computers  plus  several 
screens of about one foot by six inches (30  15 cm), some vertical, some 
horizontal. Along the lower length of the panel was a ‘desk’ with more 
keys in neat rows and at each end a pale gray-colored list in some printed 
form of hieroglyphics . . . above the main panel was a larger screen, again 
dark, and of about three feet by two feet and fitted as a horizontal, like 
a modern TV screen.”

The area behind the seats was relatively bare, with the exception of half 
a dozen circular “switches,” almost flush to the wall.

Asked if the team could enter the craft, the group captain began by 
expounding on the actual event that had led to its recovery. The one in the 
hangar had followed two others down, one badly damaged with “bits strewn 
over the desert, the other badly damaged but intact,” he explained. “This 
one came down of its own volition, that is, it was not shot at. . . . At that 
time it was on a set of tripod-type legs with a small disc at the end of each.”
The group captain went on to explain that the craft had been opened 
by its occupants at the crash site in New Mexico. Two aliens were seen to 
emerge but a third remained inside-then simply stood up and “disappeared
” and hadn’t been seen since, despite the area having been searched 
for a week. The other two aliens were “seemingly unwell,” said the group 
captain. They were easily apprehended and had no weapons. “If all three 
craft had three occupants, we have dead and alive evidence of six. It is 
known that one, apparently unhurt, left this craft and has since escaped 
detection somehow. The other two may have been thrown out from the 
two crashes and lost, or they also escaped. . . . On the third occupant’s 
disappearance, the exit-cum-entrance facility was seen to close itself. It 
has not opened or been opened since. We just can’t bloody well open the 
thing. The seal is absolute perfection. The metal and glass are absolutely 
unknown to us.”

The other two damaged craft were kept in great secrecy at a certain 
U.S. base, the group captain revealed. “All I know,” he said, “is that parts 
of its amazing system of navigation, and some sort of tiny technological 
‘brains,’ which have to do with communication and pretty well everything 
else, are hastily being examined by various world scientists to see how we 
humans can benefit by them.”

Later that day, the group captain explained to the team that visits to 
the craft at Merryfield were permitted, provided they were dressed in their 
“whites”-white overalls unique to the team-and that authorization had 
been obtained by their Code Orange contact. At Weston Zoyland-where 
the aliens were to be housed-the team agreed to eight-hour shifts with 
three men on and three off, with one of each three always by the phone. “So 
it was 0800 to 1600, 1600 to midnight, and midnight to 0800,” explained 
Thomas. However, two officers and a scientist came on duty during the 
early shift’s lunch break, allowing the team a two-hour respite.

NOT OF THIS EARTH
Some days later, an RAF “V” bomber-either a Valiant, Victor, or Vulcan, 
capable of delivering nuclear weapons but in this operation delivering two 
aliens-landed at Weston Zoyland with a two-fighter-jet escort. Thomas 
told me he was fairly certain that the bomber was a Vulcan. The team 
was told to remain in their office and await further orders. A few hours 
later, they were summoned, two by two, to meet the alleged aliens, now 
ensconced in a specially constructed glass container in the hangar at Weston 
Zoyland. Thomas and his colleague Alan were first. “Emotions welled up 
in me that I feel to this day,” Thomas admitted.

“Two thin little people lay side by side. They were gray-colored and their 
heads seemed rather large for their bodies and were oval, or egg-shaped, 
with the large end at the top, a large cranium leading down to a small chin, 
and their eyes were large, limpid, and dark with no iris visible. Just dark, 
lustrous pools, wide open, rather like those of seals, I thought. There were 
nostril holes but no nose projecting from the face, and I could see a small 
mouth beneath. There were no visible projecting ears as we have.

“Sinewy  arms  stretched  alongside  their  bodies  and  the  legs  looked 
skinny. They were very still. Unreal, I thought. . . . I looked at their hands. 
Four long fingers similar to us. But no thumbs. And four-toed feet.

“Just beneath the small chin of the body nearest to me a pulse was beating, 
and looking at the other being I could see the same. . . . I was actually looking 
at two people from somewhere else. Not of this Earth! I glanced across at 
the officer and met his eyes. He smiled and nodded, as if to say ‘yes, this is 
real-they are alive.’”

Shaking, Thomas made for a chair and sat down, followed by Alan. 
They didn’t feel it was appropriate to stare at the aliens too much. “They 
look so dignified,” said Alan. One appeared slightly shorter than the other. 
They seemed frail, though Thomas sensed a latent strength about them.

Half an hour later, all of the team having seen the beings and returned 
to the office, the officer/instructor declared that he didn’t know which sex 
the aliens were. He thought they wore a membranous covering, but added 
that the Americans hadn’t been very forthcoming with their information. 
He suggested that the team gave names to the aliens if they wanted, but that 
officially they were referred to by their American captors as “G32” and “G33.” 
Thomas speculates that the numbers might relate to the 32nd and 33rd aliens 
recovered by the U.S. military. The team elected to call them simply “G” and 
“L.” (Much later, it was determined that G was male, L female.)

Thomas remains amazed at the aliens’ ability to convey a sense of humor, 
or sadness, for example, without such feelings manifesting facially. As time 
went by, it became possible to “feel” their thoughts, and it was always clear 
what they meant. They did speak audibly on occasions-not that it helped. 
“The problem in our inability to converse by voice was that their language 
contained no vowels,” he explained; “thus, if they spoke to us we would hear 
a series of unintelligible sounds not unlike the chattering of small animals.” 
(However, the airmen later learned from their duty officer that although 
official communications from G and L did not involve actual spoken words, 
the Americans confirmed that they do have voices-presumably capable 
of communicating in English and other languages.)

Thomas and the others liked the aliens from the outset and grew to care 
for them deeply over the approximately twenty-month period involved.

One lovely summer’s day, Thomas and Alan were sitting beside “the 
Grays” (as they apparently were referred to occasionally by the military, 
even at that time), surveying the countryside through the large window of 
their enclosure. “What is worrying you both?” “said” the aliens. “Is this 
not the kind of day when you should feel all is well?” The men were indeed 
worried-about the aliens. “Thanks to you airmen, we are doing well and 
recovering,” the Grays responded. “You need not worry about us.”

When communicating, G and L would put one hand on their chest, to 
convey who was “speaking.” Then began a discourse, warning of Earth’s 
future overpopulation, the poisoning of its environment, and so on. “We 
know your instructions are to inform your seniors of all we say. Do so. 
We will be telling them all we have told you when they pay their regular 
visits. . . .”

Like other alien groups, they confirmed Man’s extraterrestrial genetic 
links.

“The majority of flora and fauna on this planet have evolved over millions
of years. Humans were one of those that were genetically manipulated
and thus you are related to another species as a planned experiment 
by beings from another world. Our presence here is of right, and we have 
visited before this time, many times. Our present role is to observe others 
who are here, to see that they are not destructive and to give you some 
of our technology in order that you will survive-if you have earned the 
right to survival as we judge it. That was the core of our message to Earth 
people and part of the reason for our arrival in your time of 1947, though 
we reneged upon that in that July month, and here two of us remain-at 
least for a little longer.”

At this juncture, G reached out and clasped hands with L. “I felt there 
was significance in the comment ‘at least for a little longer,’ linked with 
the hand clasp,” writes Thomas. “The two aliens had been held captive for 
at least eight years. Not much of an existence for people who know how 
to travel light years’ distance, and had somehow done so to reach Earth.”
The Code Orange team were never present when the aliens took their 
meals. Although some thin tubes were present in their glass enclosure, 
their purpose was indeterminable. Waste matter, perhaps? Eventually, G 
and L, having picked up the men’s bewilderment, communicated some 
details. “You have been wondering if we feed, and how we do so. We know 
your seniors have not told you. Knowledge is important to all life. . . .

“We feed on blood, and water. Yes, I can feel your reaction, but our race 
does not digest solids. . . . Both liquids are available on this planet and 
we partake of small amounts of each in order to survive. We also breathe 
your air, though it is clearer in some regions of your planet than others. 
Your seniors obtain enough food for our needs and provide us with it in 
your absence.”

Thomas told me he recalls that the blood-presumably from slaughtered 
animals-was obtained from a local farm. In an interesting letter to a magazine
, written in 2001, he made some apposite references to the consumption 
of blood-without, of course, citing his own experience. “Over the years, 
certain peoples have been vilified by modern attitudes against the terrors 
of blood sacrifices,” he wrote. “However, if genetically modified humans, 
ruled by their makers up to a time when they, our makers, leave the planet 
[and] have had at times to ‘entertain’ and consort with said makers, then 
they would have to provide the necessary correct food. . . .

“What if there was, or is, a race of beings which have evolved to feed on 
blood? As simple as that. It may appal some of us, even possibly most of 
us, yet we are talking alien creatures here. A race apart. Light years apart. 
Evolving on a planet or planets away from and not far from this Earth. . . . 
So along comes a race of beings which lives on blood from animals rather 
than the meat. And when they arrive as ‘gods’ or powerful beings, we in 
due deference feed them with what they require.”4

In this context, G and L related how their people had influenced the 
Inca, Aztec, and Maya cultures.

For nutrition on their own planet, G and L indicated that they also consumed
other liquids of varying thicknesses, from water through to heavy 
soups, plus a variety of what we would term “wines” made from fruits and 
vegetables growing on their own planet.

ESPIONAGE
When Thomas’s leave period came up, he went to his home in Barnstaple, 
Devon.  Waiting  at  Taunton  station  for  the  connecting  train,  he  was 
approached by a well-dressed, well-spoken man who invited Thomas for 
a cup of tea. “I can always tell an airman,” he said. Acknowledging the 
fact, Thomas explained that he was on 72-hour leave. Over tea, the man 
asked Thomas what he did in the RAF. He replied in vague generalities, 
mentioning Bomber Command and admin work. “Ah, so you are in the 
RAF but with the Fleet Air Arm crowd? Yes, I know all about that. An 
interesting posting, no doubt.” Thomas gave nothing away.

As the steam train for Barnstaple drew in, the stranger invited Thomas 
to join him in a First Class compartment. Sitting opposite this man in an 
empty carriage, a strong feeling of unease crept over Thomas, particularly 
when the stranger placed a hand on his knee. “Don’t worry. Here’s my card. 
I am an MP [Member of Parliament]. My name is Tom Driberg.”

The  notorious  homosexual  MP  for  Barking,  Driberg  (later  Lord 
Bradwell)-a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and a 
close friend of the traitor Guy Burgess-had links with the Soviet KGB 
and its Czechoslovakian counterpart. Coincidentally, Driberg happened 
to be staying for the weekend at the Imperial Hotel in Barnstaple, and 
Thomas was invited for tea in his room at the hotel to show his paintings 
(which were never returned). Distinctly uncomfortable at the prospect, he 
nonetheless turned up and managed to resist Driberg’s approaches, not 
least being his persistence in trying to gather information regarding the 
nature of Thomas’s work.

Thomas was also invited, together with his girlfriend, to attend a play 
at the Queen’s Hall Theatre. During the evening, a local couple who were 
friends of Driberg’s introduced Thomas to Driberg’s friend Lord Robens. 
Alfred Robens (Baron Robens of Woldingham), a well-known industrialist
, trade unionist, and Labour politician, was shadow foreign secretary 
at that time. After the show, a drinks party was held at the couple’s home, 
during which Driberg made further “passes” at Thomas and offered to give 
him a camera to “record his activities at the camp.” Thomas retorted that 
cameras were forbidden.

Back at Weston Zoyland, G and L expressed complete knowledge of, 
and disquiet at, the weekend’s developments, though they were well aware 
that Thomas had betrayed nothing sensitive.

FURTHER EDUCATION
Sometimes days went by with nothing “said” by G and L. But over the 
months a great deal of fascinating information was imparted to the team, 
described by Thomas in great detail in his book. The aliens communicated 
that they had visited Earth over a long period. As a naturalist, the airman 
was  delighted  to  learn  a  great  deal  about,  for  example,  “mythical”  sea 
creatures on Earth millennia ago. “The aliens, having visited Earth many 
times over many centuries, knew at firsthand about evolution and extinc-
tions [and] spoke of other aliens who had visited Earth, carrying out their 
experiments. . . . It helped that G and L saw colors as we did and though 
their eyes were considerably larger they seemed to have eyesight and other 
senses akin to our own.”

While careful not to reveal the location of their home planet (which 
had  three  moons  and  was  in  a  solar  system  with  five  other  planets  of 
similar size), the aliens were forthcoming regarding a description of same, 
describing their planet in great detail, to which Thomas devotes considerable
 space in his book-describing numerous types of creatures, some very 
similar to our own.

The aliens reiterated that the overpopulation of Earth, combined with 
pollution, would lead to catastrophic consequences during the 21st century. 
Everything they had observed on this planet in previous millennia was 
recorded on crystals and retained on the “mother craft,” which transported 
them and their smaller craft. “They could have shown us much on their 
screens in the craft still held in the camp,” said Thomas, “but they did not 
completely trust our seniors, hence the craft remaining closed.”

REASONS FOR ROSWELL
G and L discussed the so-called Roswell incident, which, as we learned 
earlier, was said to have involved three craft. “The remains of the damaged 
craft will continue to be examined, as will medical analysis of our people. 
Both have been examined so intensely since your year of 1947 that it is 
surely time our people were laid to rest and not be moved constantly from 
liquid solutions and frozen state to be further examined by your scientists 
and, we fear, at least one alien race your people consort with. . . .”

Following the ends of World Wars I and II, the aliens contacted our 
leaders-in  1919  and  1946  respectively-to  openly  offer  their  assistance, 
and to be seen to do so, but were rebuffed. So they informed 
the American and British military and governments of their intention to 
“offer scientific instruments to forward human progress rapidly and without 
cost. Thus did the Roswell event occur, with its subsequent spreading of 
falsehoods.”

The Code Orange team were informed that the reason the aliens visited 
New Mexico owed largely to the siting of American military bases there, 
including  one  site  that  received  and  transmitted  messages  from  beings 
other than themselves. They also said that New Mexico and a neighboring 
state had alien bases built into mountain sides beneath the ground (such 
as the Manzano Mountains, I learned from another source) and that a 
to-ing and fro-ing of American military and government personnel (the 
latter including numerous scientists, I have been told) had occurred up to 
the time G and L had been transported to Britain at their own insistence.
“Our own activities required monitoring by other than human beings,” 
Thomas explained, “simply because Earth is a vital and necessary planet for 
others. We could not be permitted to despoil it, even though despoliation had 
begun and we were doubted as to our integrity and genuine concern for the 
planet and its myriad life forms. G said, much to our disappointment, that 
humans could be seen as a malign race, and we were partial aliens in any case.”

CATTLE MUTILATIONS
G indicated that a number of beings of a certain race had been collecting 
samples of our animals and plants. This was mainly in the USA, the then-
current project involving cattle, which they did not possess-but intended 
to. “They said the powers that be know about it,” Thomas explains, “and 
compensation was paid to cattle owners who reported losses.” It needs to 
be pointed out here that in this time period (1955–57) the cattle mutilation 
phenomenon was unknown to the general public. It was not until several 
decades later that researchers became aware of it. As Colonel Philip J. Corso 
reveals in his book The Day After Roswell:

“In 1997 this may sound like a nightmare out of a flying saucer horror 
movie,  but  in  1957  this  was  our  thinking  both  in  the  White  House 
[National Security Council Staff, of which Corso was a member] and in 
the military. We didn’t know, but we had irrefutable evidence that EBEs 
[Extraterrestrial Biological Entities] were landing on farms, harvesting vital 
organs from livestock, and then just leaving the carcasses on the ground 
because they knew we couldn’t do anything about it.

“The mutilations that interested the National Security personnel seemed 
to have the same kind of modus operandi. Whoever went after the animals
 seemed most interested in the mammary, digestive, and reproductive 
organs, especially the uteruses from cows. In many cases the eyes or throats 
were removed in a type of surgery in which the demarcation line was almost 
microscopically thin and the surrounding tissue showed that the incision 
had superheated and then blackened as it cooled. But the crime scene and 
forensic specialists noted that in any type of cut by a predatory animal or a 
human-even a skilled surgeon-one would find evidence of some trauma 
in the surrounding tissue [but] forensic examination showed no evidence 
of collateral trauma or even inflammation, [implying] the cuts to extract 
the tissue were made so quickly and wounds were sealed so fast that the 
surrounding tissue was never destroyed. . . .”5

“We asked would it not have been simpler to have had a farm on which 
all the necessary animals, and presumably plants too, could have been part 
of a humane project to avoid hurting cattle and such,” Thomas writes. “We 
were told ‘hurt’ did not come into it. The aliens used what we now know 
as a form of laser [which] immediately kills the target. At least, they said, 
it was so in this instance, but the extremely intense beam was mainly used 
for surgical operations to heal. . . .”

Corso provides confirmation that what turned out to be a laser device 
was found by the Army “in the Roswell spacecraft and would later develop 
as a weapon in co-operation with Hughes Aircraft.” As head of the Army’s 
Foreign Technology Division, Corso himself assembled the information to 
support laser product development with military funds before the whole operation
was turned over to one of the Research and Development specialists.6

THE PATH TO DOOM
Four hundred Earth years was the average life span for these aliens (as 
with certain other species).

G and L were adamant that all answers to our future and all the lessons 
of history had been written down for us to learn from and live by. “Each 
major  culture  and  each  primitive  culture  had  its  standards,”  explained 
Thomas, “but the move from a basic, primitive life to a life where selfish 
motives, however noble we tried to make them seem, prevailed, could and 
would lead to disaster and the final extinction of the human race.” Our 
Christian Bible, supposedly, was the full account of ourselves, “the written 
path of homo sapiens.”

There may well be many truths passed down in the Bible-as in many 
other religious documents-as I have remarked on later. But I find it puzzling
that the aliens failed at least to acknowledge some of the inconsistencies
in various translations of the Bible over the centuries. Exactly how 
much of it is factual? Thomas’s team had no axe to grind in this regard. By 
their own admission, they were neither atheists nor “practicing Christians in 
the recognized manner,” as Thomas puts it. However, G and L did indicate 
that we were a world of too many religions, and would suffer for being so. 
“They said the core of our numerous religions and creeds was a good and 
right way forward, but eventually humans would sacrifice their beliefs in a 
selfish manner, and our leaders would lazily accept this. . . .

“I remember how G placed his hand upon his chest and ‘said’ the incident
at Roswell, New Mexico, and certain others, was a part of the ‘Path 
to Doom’ for the human race. He said items stolen from them at that time 
would show us how to live well and prosper greatly in a way that no human 
need ever go hungry or thirsty, and all human problems could be solved 
using their technology before the century we called the twentieth ended. 
But, he added, those in power will not wish it; rather would they have what 
they see as greater power.”
The aliens acknowledged the existence of Jesus, furthermore indicating 
that the so-called “Second Coming” was already in force (as also implied 
by Henry Dohan in Chapter 7).

OFFICIALDOM FRUSTRATED
On several occasions, the duty officer complained to the team regarding 
official frustration at their inability to gain access to the inside of the craft. 
One of the team, Ian, said they’d done all they could-as would have been 
evident on the taped recordings of all their communications to, if not from, 
G and L. Several days later, the aliens responded, pointing out that the 
craft contained a self-destructive device which would operate if entry by 
any beings other than themselves was accomplished.

“They made it very clear,” said Thomas, “that they could open the craft 
in a matter of seconds in human time, and seal it closed just as rapidly. 
Only massive power could open it falsely. They told us the problem at 
Roswell was that having come in peace to exchange thoughts and certain 
technology, the mechanism of self-destruction concealed behind the small 
panel, with what we called a pentacle on it, was switched off. It seems G 
and L and their missing friend switched theirs to ‘on’ again before the craft 
closed. . . . G and L told us they had no intention at this time to open the 
craft.”

When I first met Thomas, he told me that this craft had come down 
of  its  own  volition  while  the  military  combed  the  site  where  the  other 
craft had crashed. He said that G and L were “upset about the cruelty and 
treachery of their American captors in betraying their word.” Given their 
wide knowledge of human fallibility, one can only wonder at the apparent 
naïveté of G and L in this respect.

ANCIENT HISTORY
The aliens expounded on their presence here on Earth thousands of years 
ago. Like the species with whom Carl Anderson liaised (Chapter 7), G 
and L described how their own people had been present during the times 
of the many kings (named Pharoahs after 950  b.c.) who ruled Ancient 
Egypt, and how “the aliens were described as Gods, but of course they 
were not.” Thomas’s team was advised not to mock what is written in the 
Bible, the Koran, the Talmud, or similar writings that foretell the future. 
“For example, the great flood did occur and destroyed cities and countries, 
but mountains were left dry and habitable.

“They told us that a simple, basic change in the Earth’s axis angle had 
caused  the  vast  flooding,  and  that  included  the  destruction  of  the  lost 
land of what we now call Atlantis, which lay close to what is the island of 
Cuba. They produced maps of those places and times showing Antarctica 
before it was ice-bound, and land bridges before the final dividing of the 
land masses which were one. They told us these maps exist today copied 
onto the skins of antelopes in our sixteenth century, but only one has been 
shown to present humans, yet thirty of them exist even now in the land 
known as Turkey.

“They explained how their presence in Central America at a place known 
as Aztlan was to obtain gold and to enrich cultures and races that preceded 
the Mayas, [and] the forefathers of Aztecs were the people of Aztlan and 
that the great floods drove them from their original, ancestral homeland.”
The aliens needed gold-and later silver-exclusively as part of their 
craft’s propulsion system.

THE MOTHERSHIP
At around 23:00 one pleasant warm night in 1957 at Weston Zoyland, 
Thomas became aware of a strange presentiment. “There was little sound 
to begin with,” he wrote, “then a few shouts and the noise of vehicles, then 
the noise of a helicopter. But then our office phone rang. ‘Code Orange! 
Code Orange! Have you any problems? I need an immediate appraisal of 
your situation.’

“Alan came rushing in, saying, ‘Come outside quick! Lights, zooming 
about. Amazing!’” Thomas reported the matter, adding that he was going 
outside to see what was happening. “Watch the aliens,” he was told. “Do 
not leave them alone.”

“Our two friends were fine,” noted Thomas, “seated up against their 
‘home’  couches  and  staring  ahead.  I  asked  if  they  were  all  right  and, 
receiving affirmation, went to look outside, leaving [colleagues] Keith and 
Cyril with them. ‘Do not be concerned,’ one said. ‘We are passing messages 
to our people. You can so inform your seniors later.’”
The lights-a dozen or so glowing orange and green spheres a bit larger 
than a tennis ball, Thomas guessed-could be seen zooming and hovering 
in a controlled manner. Forces personnel rushed around, concentrating on 
the No. 1 hangar, its protective “portcullis” already up. One of the spheres 
came close enough to Thomas to touch. The only sound he detected was 
like that of a bumble-bee. They watched two of the green spheres bob and 
bounce along the top of the electrified inner perimeter fence; then they 
returned to the hangar and sat with the aliens, letting Keith and Cyril 
watch the display.

FAREWELL
“All is well,” communicated G. “They will be away soon. Their purpose 
here  has  been  fulfilled.  We  ourselves  feel  much  stronger  now.  We  are 
grateful to the six of you, and you will not be forgotten. Our messengers 
will return to their craft; there is much they have to do.”

“Is there a craft visible then?” asked Thomas.
“There  is.  It  is  very  high  at  present  and  therefore  only  visible  above 
the rain clouds, but soon it will move lower, not of necessity but to show 
the humans watching that real power and science is ours, yet we remain 
peaceful. You should both be able to observe the craft in an hour from now, 
so you can remain at your post without missing the sighting. You may tell 
your seniors that the craft will be observable between the two settlements 
[Westonzoyland and Middlezoy] which lie each side of this military area.”
An hour later, Thomas, Keith, and Alan went outside. “In front of us was 
an almost terrible shape, an intensely dark shape like a black thundercloud,” 
Thomas recalls. “This was totally mind-chilling. . . .

“In  front  of  us  was  a  triangle.  It  was  very,  very  big,  dwarfing  the 
V-bombers we [sometimes] had in camp. It was black, solid, and pulsing 
at about fifty feet from the ground, and it was creepily still, hovering and 
silent. No one spoke. . . . The lights appeared along it and what must have 
been windows lit up. The shape of the craft became more defined. . . .

“The  lights,  or  windows,  glowed  yellow  to  orange,  becoming  richly 
colored but never reaching red. Eventually I felt there was a horizontal 
division and that I was seeing lights above windows. At first they played 
from right to left, ‘disappearing’ around corners of the triangle and back 
again; then, suddenly, all remained alight. There were no shapes of beings 
in any of the windows, we all agreed. . . . There was no sound, no engines 
or machinery sounds as with all of our own aircraft and vehicles. And our 
camp had gone silent. No [searchlights] were shone onto the craft and no 
aircraft took off, not even a helicopter. . . .”

As Thomas reports, this probably owed to the fact that most of the 
personnel in camp were asleep and, apart from those on duty, had simply 
not been told. “The huge craft then descended to almost ground level. . . . 
Then the lights began to flash again and the craft rose slowly. Violet lights 
showed beneath, emphasising the craft’s triangular shape, and without any 
sound to suggest rapid acceleration it left Somerset at a speed I could not 
even have guessed at.”

“That was frightening,” said Keith. “I need a drink.” So did the others.
The following day, the aliens at first seemed unresponsive. Eventually 
they responded that this would be their last day in camp, that they were 
now recovered and grateful for the care they had received. G put his hand 
on his chest and delivered a lengthy and interesting “speech” to Thomas 
and Alan, which included ominous warnings of dire things to come. “We, 
or those who work with us, will decide Earth’s future, and all life upon it. 
. . .” Later, L communicated some concluding remarks:

“We owe the six of you so much. You will not be forgotten. We leave 
today, but be assured we will remain about and upon this planet. . . . 
Say nought about these days to others, even to denying our presence if 
asked-unless we bid it differently to one or another in the future-for 
at least a quarter of a century, even half a century. Remember what we 
have told you. . . . We cannot have all six of you here to say good-bye. 
Everything must appear as usual and as normal. So, tell the others and 
go about your lives.”

Shortly afterwards, the duty officer and two “white coats” appeared. 
Alan and Thomas returned to their office. As they and his colleagues were 
finishing lunch, the fire drill bell rang twice. Together with the others 
they ran back to the office. “Gone!” shouted the duty officer. “Vanished! 
They  damn  well  disappeared  before  our  eyes!  All  three  of  us.  Do  you 
know anything about it? No, of course you don’t. They were sitting there 
as usual. Saw them clasp hands-32 and 33. Then my head hurt and I saw 
the other two holding their heads as I was. Then 32 and 33 faded . . . and 
their couch was empty. Gone!”

And that was it.

There is much more to be learned about this truly extraordinary case in 
Thomas’s book. Naturally, the questions arise: How much of the story 
is true? Although not a student of the subject, per se, he has read only a 
few related books. Apart from Roswell, for example, he was unaware of 
numerous other cases involving so-called “crash-retrievals” of alien craft 
and bodies.

Since his career in the RAF features in the book, it was incumbent upon 
Thomas to submit his proposal for review by the Royal Air Force Historical 
Branch. And having stated in his introduction that readers can take the 
story as either fact or fiction, the RAF understandably relegated its status 
to the latter. They could hardly have done otherwise.

Never will I forget the first time I heard the fundamental aspects of the 
story from Thomas in person. In spite of the many years that have gone 
by, he evidently retains a vivid memory of-and remains deeply moved 
by-these awesome events.






PART TWO




===================================================================
CHAPTER ELEVEN. THE OVERLORDS

My study of the various types of alien encounters reported around 

the  world  includes  a  number  of  cases  which  initially  I  was 
tempted to reject on account of their absurdity. Yet subsequent 
ref lection  and  comparison  with  other  scarcely  known  cases  reveal 
certain parallels that have caused me to change my mind. Sometimes, 
ludicrous, sinister, surreal-and even evil-elements feature in these 
cases. One such is that of Richard Höglund, a Swede whose encounters
 covered a lengthy period. First investigated by Ernst Linder, the 
case is barely known outside Sweden. What follows is taken largely 
from several reports provided for me by Håkan Blomqvist,1,2 a leading 
researcher of contact cases, and from our many communications and 
discussions. He has written a book on the case in Swedish.3

Born in Stockholm in 1913, Höglund was a rock-blaster by profession
. Though by all accounts a very down-to-earth man, he nonetheless 
had an uncanny ability to read people’s minds-a talent that might have 
some bearing on his experiences. The story begins on the afternoon 
of December 9, 1965, the day before he was due to undergo surgery to 
remove a small kidney stone. He felt a sudden urge to take a long walk 
with his dog on a frozen lake, Grindhultsjön, just outside Uddevalla 
(near Gothenburg), where he lived with his wife, Gunvor.

As  Höglund  began  walking  on  the  lake,  the  dog  began  running  in 
circles as though demented and had to be restrained with its leash. Suddenly
, a whining sound came from above. Looking up, Höglund saw a 
saucer-shaped, translucent craft about five meters in diameter. “He could 
see figures moving inside,” reports Håkan. “The object came closer to the 
ground in a spiraling movement. It stopped before touching the ice, and 
a dark tube was lowered from under the object. This tube was seemingly 
made of a soft material since it moved in the wind. He felt a breeze of hot 
air with a distinct smell of hyacinth. His first thought was that this must 
be a Russian machine. But he soon changed his mind.

“From the tube four entities floated down, as though they were in 
an invisible elevator, and walked up to him. They were three men and 
one woman. Other than for a translucent overall, they were naked. One 
of the men seemed old, while the others looked younger. They were of 
normal height, had very large, dark, somewhat slanted eyes and perfect 
teeth. Their skin had no blemishes and there was absolutely no hair on 
their bodies, not even genital hair.

“Richard was especially fascinated by their ears, which were large 
and pointed. The ear opening in the head was very large, as on a cat: 
he thought he could almost see into their heads. The men seemed very 
strong, like wrestler types, with bull necks. They had a slight Oriental 
look about them. The entities were covered by the clear plastic overalls 
which looked like they were held out from the body by air pressure.”
Höglund became confused, though not afraid. Through sign language 
and drawings in the snow, the entities started to communicate with him. 
They seemed fascinated by his hair, and he had to remove his cap several 
times as they laughed and pointed at him. When he tried to touch their 
overalls, however, they quickly retreated, as if they did not want him to 
do so. Using a small black package, they sprayed something like a gas on 
everything, including the dog, before they touched it. The dog evidently 
objected, as the “gas” had a strong smell of hyacinth. Höglund himself 
smelled of hyacinth for several days afterwards, causing his wife to wonder 
if he had already bought flowers for the coming Christmas.
A sketch of one of the entities, as described by Richard Höglund. (Gösta Johansson)

Communications in sign language continued for a while as Höglund 
tried to explain a number of earthly pursuits, such as hunting and dancing. 
The woman meanwhile played with the dog, which was out of character 
since it normally became aggressive toward strangers. All this time, the 
strangers appeared to be walking on an unseen layer, as their feet did not 
touch the ground. When the woman patted the dog, she too leaned her 
knee against this unseen layer. On their left wrists the entities wore a broad, 
black bracelet with a yellow button, which when touched seemed to alter 
the effect of gravity on the beings.

The  older  man  indicated  that  he  knew  about  pygmies,  by  demonstrating
 how they hunted with bow and arrow. He also seemed to 
indicate that his people would come in “great armadas” in the future. 
After  further  communication,  the  older  man  returned  to  the  craft 
and fetched an object the size of a cylinder or microphone, which he 
proceeded to run along Höglund’s back. At this, he felt a sensation of 
warmth,  vibration,  and  sudden  relief  from  the  kidney  pain  that  had 
troubled him for fifteen years.

By now an hour had passed and it began to grow dark, at which point 
Höglund noticed that the craft was now surrounded by a blue phosphores-
cent light. The whole craft seemed to vibrate. Except for the dark cylinder 
underneath,  it  remained  semi-transparent,  consisting  of  two  shells,  the 
outer one rotating. Inside, the craft seemed Spartan: all that could be dis-
cerned were three shining “cylinders” standing on the floor. Terminating 
the communication, the entities entered the craft, which then took off at 
tremendous speed, changing color from blue to orange as it flew away.

The following day, Höglund was X-rayed at Uddevalla hospital. Much 
to the bewilderment of a Dr. Hartman and his colleagues, no trace of the 
kidney stone could be found. Subsequently, Håkan told me, all the X-ray 
plates were checked by Dr. Karl Erik Svensson in Stockholm, who confirmed
 that no stone was visible on the plates, taken after the encounter.

SECOND CONTACT
On August 24, 1966, Höglund felt a strong impulse to visit another lake 
outside Uddevalla. The urge was so powerful that it felt as if someone else 
was driving the car (a sensation recounted by Carl Anderson). Arriving 
at  the  lake,  he  saw  the  same  kind  of  craft  hovering  above  the  water, 
beside which a man seemed to be suspended in the air. Spotting a small 
rowboat  nearby,  Höglund  climbed  in  and  headed  toward  the  craft.  He 
recognized the man as the same with whom he communicated during the 
first encounter. This time, he could hear the man speak (presumably in 
Swedish), though his speech did not synchronize with his lip movements 
and seemed to originate from the craft slightly delayed.

During  this  communication,  Höglund  learned  that  world  peace  was 
threatened  because  the  USA  and  the  USSR  supposedly  planned  a  war 
against  China,  and  that  he  should  go  to  the  Bahamas  to  act  as  their 
contact man. He was given a metal plate with strange hieroglyphic-type 
symbols embossed thereon and instructed to wear it at all times. Höglund 
explained that such a mission was impossible; he was an uneducated man, 
did not speak English, and in any case had a wife at home. These objections 
were brushed aside, and Höglund felt obliged to comply with the order. 
Following the encounter, however, he buried the plate in woods near the 
lake and then returned home.

Despite serious misgivings, Höglund and Gunvor went ahead with the 
plan. To finance their trip, they sold everything. On March 5, 1967, they 
flew via London to Nassau, thence to Little Exuma, a small island in the 
Bahamas where they had been told to go. Höglund did not bring the metal 
plate with him, however. During the flight, the couple noticed fourteen 
passengers dressed like priests, all similar in appearance, who supposedly 
disappeared  in  an  unusual  way  on  landing  at  Nassau.  Apart  from  this 
incident, nothing unusual happened during the trip. The couple returned 
to Sweden. Ashamed to resettle in their home town, they bought a cheap 
house trailer south of Stockholm, where Höglund was able to find work 
once more as a rock-blaster.

SURREALISTIC DEVELOPMENTS
In ensuing months, Höglund became involved with Ifologiska sallskapet, a 
Stockholm-based UFO group which had become interested in his story. 
Among the members was a wealthy building contractor who offered to 
finance Höglund in the event he was ordered to the Bahamas again. He 
decided therefore to recover the metal plate. On the drive from Gothen-
burg, after picking up the plate, he stopped at a gas station, where an old 
man approached and asked him for a lift. Höglund consented, as he felt 
tired and thought it a good idea to have someone to talk with during the 
journey. The man was dressed in a black cape, boots, and a big slouch hat.
After a while, the man asked Höglund if he recognized him. He replied 
in the negative, but suddenly it dawned on him that the man was one of 
those dressed as priests on the outbound flight to the Bahamas. The man 
introduced himself as “Father Ra Paz” (later contracted to Rapas), and 
said he worked for “the Overlords,” that is, the beings who had contacted 
Höglund on the two previous occasions. Rapas suggested a coffee break at a 
motel. He took off his hat but ordered nothing to drink. By now thoroughly 
confused, Höglund began to worry that the stranger might be an illusion, 
so when a boy passed their table, Höglund knocked the hat onto the floor. 
The boy, assuming himself responsible, picked up the hat and apologized. 
Father Rapas was no illusion.

Nothing  had  happened  in  the  Bahamas,  Rapas  explained,  because 
Höglund had not taken the metal plate with him. He was told that he 
must return to the Bahamas, this time not forgetting the plate. 7   4.5 
centimeters in size and about one centimeter thick, with a coarse back, 
the plate appeared to be made of an aluminum-type material, engraved 
with three rows of cryptic symbols. At times, the plate became so hot that 
Höglund kept it in asbestos. He also said that it gave him rashes (caused 
by the asbestos, perhaps?).

After continuing the journey for a few more miles, Rapas suggested 
that he should take the wheel. Höglund pointed out that Rapas seemed 
rather elderly to drive-he guessed about seventy years old. “If you double 
that some ten times, you will be closer to the truth,” came the riposte. 
Exchanging seats, Rapas proceeded to drive the old Volvo as if it were a 
racing car. Höglund protested, explaining that the police might have speed 
traps. “Don’t worry,” said Rapas, “I can sense where they are.” Höglund 
fell asleep. When he awoke, the car was parked beside the road outside 
Sodertalje. There was no sign of Rapas, who had left a package of fruit 
on the seat.

AN ALIEN BASE?
The building contractor in the UFO group now agreed to finance Höglund’s 
second trip to the Bahamas, the money to be mailed via a school teacher in 
Nyköping by the name of Tryggwe Glantz. Höglund and his wife returned 
to the Bahamas around the New Year period of 1967–68, staying initially in 
Nassau. When nothing happened during the first two days, Höglund lost 
his temper and threw the metal plate on the floor, shouting that he wanted 
nothing more to do with the whole business. That evening, he claimed to 
have been visited by three humanoid beings of rather oriental appearance 
but distinctly different from those encountered in Sweden. They delivered 
a sharp warning to Höglund not to act like that again.

On New Year’s Eve, acting on instructions supplied to him by Rapas, 
Höglund went to the harbor in Little Exuma Island and contacted an old 
black man called Joe, who owned a boat. A girl called Li was also aboard. 
“Höglund was told to lie down in the boat, presumably so he could not see 
where they went,” Håkan told me. “The boat was very fast.” They arrived at 
a small island where, through an opening in elevated terrain, they entered 
a secret base. At some point, Li, presumably one of the “space people,” 
demonstrated her ability to walk on the water outside the boat! Rapas, who 
had arrived before them, acted as a guide.

In the base, Höglund met twenty-three different supposed representatives
 from  various  planets.  “Some  were  giants,  some  were  dwarves, 
and  others  hermaphrodites,”  Håkan  reports.  “He  was  shown  a  three-
dimensional ‘film’ of human history from the birth of Christ. During this 
experience he collapsed three times and had to be revived by Rapas. He was 
also shown a collection of weapons from all ages and given the mission of 
starting a peace movement in Sweden, though told that he himself should 
not appear in public to promote it.”

“THE NEW GENERATION”
Back in Sweden, during a meeting of contactee-oriented enthusiasts in 
January 1968, a statement written by Father Rapas and dictated to Höglund 
(who did not attend) was read out. A new “international peace organization” 
should be started by the group, it began. With the approbation of 
the Overlords, the organization was to be named “The New Generation.” 
The statement contained so much drivel that it is a wonder anyone took it 
seriously. Among Rapas’s exhortations are the following:

“Your catchwords shall be: Freedom from violence, from hunger; we are 
all brothers and sisters. . . . You who have supported [Richard] shall not 
be forgotten, you shall reap a hundredfold, but if someone hurts him or 
his devoted wife, I say, they shall be revenged sevenfold.” The group also 
received “Ra Paz’s Rules”-sixty-five “philosophical points”-one of which 
is more than enough to suffice here: “If there should be interplanetary 
people among you, which I believe is rather rare, don’t let them go to heaven 
but bring them down to Earth again and demand more work of them.”

Most members of the group felt uneasy about Rapas, his threats, and 
the “New Generation” and their platitudes. The building contractor, for 
instance, had been asked to pay thousands of kronor without knowing what 
he was really supporting. And Höglund, thoroughly disillusioned, became 
reclusive. As a result, the group split up, though Tryggwe Glantz continued 
to act as spokesman. Interviewed by a Swedish newspaper in mid-1968, 
Glantz was quoted as saying that the now 600-member organization had 
been created by “the West Indian peacemaker Ra Paz” as “a worldwide 
peace movement in the spirit of Martin Luther King.” The article went on 
to mention the organization’s plans for a large meeting in the fall that year, 
to be attended by the singer Harry Belafonte; Ralph Abernathy, a leader of 
the American civil rights movement and assistant of Martin Luther King 
Jr.; and King’s wife Coretta. The meeting never happened. In the article, 
Rapas is referred to as a wealthy industrialist who, during his travels around 
the world, had seen so much misery that he decided to devote his wealth 
to charitable causes.4

BACK IN THE BAHAMAS
The  aliens  encountered  by  Richard  Höglund  in  the  Bahamas  were  of 
human appearance, with “thin, pointed features, deeply tanned, with a 
somewhat  Oriental  look,  long  tapering  fingers  and  dark  eyes,”  Håkan 
learned. “They all seemed perfect-not a blemish on their skin. He never 
saw the beings from the initial contacts in Sweden again. . . .”

During the New Year period of 1968–69, Höglund and his wife returned 
to the Bahamas. One night, he told Gunvor that she could meet one of his 
contacts at a discotheque in Nassau. Gunvor protested at visiting such a 
venue, but her husband insisted. They found a table on the second floor and 
Höglund began looking around for the man. He left the table and returned 
with a man dressed in an ill-fitting brown costume, Håkan learned from 
Gunvor:

“The man just nodded his head in a short greeting to Gunvor. He was 
rather short, his skin had a peculiar suntan, and he had a slight Mediterranean
 or oriental look. The clothes were too large for his rather thin body. 
The man returned to his table. Richard explained that the man was one 
of  ‘them.’ When Höglund and Gunvor started dancing, the man came 
up and watched them very closely. He looked straight into Gunvor’s eyes. 
There was a sort of hypnotic power in his eyes. ‘I will never forget those 
eyes,’ she said.”

The man showed Höglund a photograph of his family and house, supposedly
on another planet in our solar system, which Gunvor recalled her 
husband referring to as either Venus or Saturn-she couldn’t be sure which.
During this and another trip to the Bahamas (there were three in all), 
Höglund met others like himself who acted as couriers for the “space 
people.”  One  was  a  Russian,  another  an  African-American  named 
Loftin Anderson, with whom he became good friends. Anderson, it 
transpired, was an agent for the Central Intelligence Agency. During 
1968, Little Exuma was swarming with CIA agents, Håkan reveals. 
“Anderson  had  informed  the  CIA  about  the  [alien]  base.  Later  he 
was found dead with a bullet hole in his head. He had been killed for 
‘treason.’”

Several photographs were taken of Höglund in the Bahamas. The entities
themselves, however, could not be photographed. “Instead, there was 
an illuminated square on the photo where one of them had been,” Håkan 
explains. “Höglund remembers one episode when he sat on a bench, talking 
to  one  of  them.  Suddenly  a  stranger  walked  by  and  Höglund  felt  very 
embarrassed as it appeared as though he was talking to himself. These 
people had the ability to disappear into thin air.”

Another peculiar feature of the aliens was that they never seemed to sleep 
or eat, though they did drink-and even smoke. Also, Höglund never met 
any women among them.

A coincidental element in this saga is the Mafia. “Lou Chesler was the 
front man in the Bahamas for the big Mafia boss Meyer Lansky,” Håkan 
told me. “Richard and his wife found an ad in a Swedish newspaper in the 
autumn of 1968 about work in the Bahamas. They applied, and as they had 
been there before they got the work through a Swedish man. Richard was 
to be butler and his wife housekeeper at the Chesler residence in Nassau. 
They  worked  there  for  a  couple  of  weeks  before  being  forced  to  leave 
because of new laws by the government. During those weeks Richard met 
the visitors several times.”5

Höglund was allowed the use of their cars and drove an unused but 
old model of a black Cadillac (like those reported in other cases involving 
the proverbial “men in black”). “The strange thing was that it couldn’t be 
crashed,” said Håkan. “It had a sort of magical ‘eye’ that steered it. When 
you learned the trick it was very easy, he claimed.”

In a letter sent from the Bahamas in early 1969 to a friend in Sweden, 
Höglund wrote: “I cannot and am not allowed to disclose what we are doing 
here, but I can tell you this much: we are in a school here, and as you can 
understand, the teachers are interplanetary.”6

DISTURBING DEVELOPMENTS
The building contractor having withdrawn his financial support, Höglund 
had to rely on his alien contacts for funding. “Obviously,” Håkan commented
, “this group had unlimited economic resources.

“One day a man from a car firm visited Höglund and gave him a new 
car. He said it was paid for and was to be delivered to him. Before the third 
trip to the Bahamas, Höglund contacted a friend who was to take care of 
his apartment, pay the rent, and care for the indoor plants. The payment 
for this service would be sent from the Bahamas, to a special bank account. 
Höglund paid just five kronor into the account before he and his wife left. 
On the very day that they went to the Bahamas, someone paid 1,000 kronor 
into this account. Every week it increased by a few hundred kronor, but the 
receipts never stated who had put the money there. No money ever arrived 
from the Bahamas.

“When Höglund and his wife returned, they were very anxious as they 
thought they must owe their friend [who had looked after the apartment] 
a lot of money. When the friend explained that there was always money in 
the account, they first thought he had given it himself, but later they realized
 that some of their [‘space’] contacts must have made the payments.”

Following the leak of information about the Bahamas base to the CIA, 
the aliens moved their base to an area outside Mexico City. Henceforth, 
Höglund’s foreign trips were to Mexico. He was often away from home for 
a month at a time. After the third and final trip to the Bahamas, Gunvor 
no longer accompanied her husband. In October 1968, during the Olympic 
Games in Mexico City, Höglund claimed to have been taken to the new 
base. He became very upset as he was not allowed to attend the Games!

“I had the feeling he was afraid,” Höglund’s friend Dr. Karl Svensson 
revealed to Håkan. “He told me in general terms that he had been in Central
 America. I don’t think he really knew where he was. . . .”

Further  contacts  also  took  place  in  Sweden.  Höglund’s  wife  always 
knew  when  a  visit  was  forthcoming  because  her  husband  became  restless
 and got up early. He claimed to have been taken on board spaceships 
during this period, but information on these contacts is scanty. “He took 
his car to a secret location south of Stockholm, where he was picked up 
by a craft,” Håkan told me, referring to the first trip. “He was blindfolded 
and had to lie down on the floor. The craft was very small-he couldn’t 
stand up.” After that first trip, he became nauseated, but later adjusted to 
these experiences.

In the early 1970s, Höglund said that he had been operated on by his 
contacts, as Gunvor related to Håkan:

“He had a lot of headaches before, and took pills. One day, when I was 
going to work, he said that someone is coming and something is going to 
happen. He didn’t always tell me when they were coming, but this time 
he told me not to come home too early from work. After that day he never 
had any headache. They did something to him and he said he would not 
have survived otherwise. It was some form of tumor, which was removed. 
I looked at his head but there was only a slight blemish. He was a bit pale 
and tired afterwards, and was told to rest a few days.”7

Höglund’s contacts reportedly continued until his death, from a heart 
attack, on October 23, 1977. He was sixty-four.

ALTERNATIVE SCENARIOS
There is the possibility, of course, that Richard Höglund might simply 
have been insane, or been suffering from delusions engendered perhaps by 
the tumor that had been “operated” on. This might explain at least some 
of his claims, but not according to those closest to him, including his wife. 
Nonetheless, there are a number of alternative explanations for his seemingly
 fantastic and farcical assertions. First is a hypothesis that he might 
have been spying for a foreign power such as the USSR, using the “alien” 
element as a cover.

Höglund was a Communist, Håkan told me. There was much Soviet 
infiltration of Sweden at that time, he notes, and Höglund had a friend who 
worked at the Swedish Navy base in Musko. He also had Soviet contacts. 
“Was he just a member of the Communist party, or an agent?” asks Håkan. 
After all, he had been asked by his “alien” contacts to obtain a map from 
that base. It is not known if he succeeded. But in any event, such a request, 
combined with his “translating” or decrypting some form of codes, raises 
suspicions, as does his trip to Mexico City in 1968 during the Olympic 
Games, when Soviet penetration and subversion were at a peak.

“Höglund acted as a courier for his contacts,” Håkan emphasized. “He 
translated coded messages in the form of numbers. The codes disappeared 
in a few days (invisible ink?). He went to different places, like airports, 
to deliver envelopes with information for his contacts. Many of his activities
sound like ordinary espionage. I believe the UFO story was a cover 
for probably Soviet espionage. His order to start a peace movement also 
indicates this.”

What  of  the  car  given  to  Höglund  in  Sweden?  In  checking  Soviet 
activity at the time of his contacts, I noted that the KGB (the national 
security agency of the USSR from 1954 to 1991) had an auto dealership in 
Sweden-the Materco Bil Ab-with offices in four cities, used as a cover 
for espionage activities. In 1971, the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter 
reported that police frequently followed Soviet “car salesmen” to “mobilization
centers, radio stations, and other sensitive defense installations.” Pilots 
complained that radio transmissions emanating from the auto company, 
beamed to Soviet warships in the Baltic, disrupted their communications.8
Prior to the contacts, Höglund and his wife had seen an advertisement 
for land in the Bahamas, and he wanted to build a hotel there. Håkan 
wondered if the order to go to the Bahamas might have been a cover to 
persuade  his  wife  to  accompany  him.  The  fact  that  one  of  Höglund’s
financiers was a building contractor also raises suspicions in this connection, 
though that financier had withdrawn his support after the first 
Bahamas trip.

There is also the question of Höglund’s psychic abilities. By all accounts, 
he was a gifted telepath, and in my opinion this might have been a reason 
for the contacts-whatever the nature of those contacts. Moreover, he had 
other paranormal abilities. “I thought, before, that there was no psychic 
component prior to the contacts,” Håkan said to me, “but his wife told me 
that he sometimes went off and talked in a strange tongue. Also, he wrote 
a strange story about nuns and monks in the Middle Ages during one of 
his previous incarnations. So, he was, after all, a mystic. That changes 
the whole picture. . . .” Also, Höglund excelled at telling stories (not lies), 
according to some.
Although Håkan believes the espionage hypothesis to be a possibility, 
he concedes nonetheless that there are aspects of Höglund’s story which are 
difficult if not impossible to explain exclusively in terms of Soviet espionage, 
a vested interest in the Bahamas, his psychic abilities, or his talent 
for telling stories. In June 1984 he interviewed Gunvor, then in her fifties. 
“Like her husband, she is very down-to-earth and practical,” he explains. 
“She confirmed almost all the details of the contacts.”

When Gunvor first heard about her husband’s experience in 1965, she 
was stunned. “I believed him, though,” she told Håkan, “because Richard 
never lied to me. He was almost cynical, and believed neither in God nor 
the devil.”

“If several of the people involved in the affair hadn’t been very close 
friends of mine, whom I have no reason to doubt, I guess I would never 
have started an investigation in the first place,” Håkan declared in 1984. 
“But  there  are  just  too  many  witnesses  involved  to  dismiss  the  case.” 
Gunvor herself not only encountered one of the extraordinary beings in 
the Bahamas-which left her in a state of shock-but also with Richard at 
their apartment near Stockholm. She described these men as “beautiful, and 
tanned,” though, unlike the man in the Bahamas, “extremely well dressed.”

NO WAY OUT
Most of those who knew Höglund-including his wife-were reluctant 
initially to go on the record under their own names, out of what seems 
a genuine fear of his sinister contacts. Höglund himself was both afraid 
and mistrustful of them. “I’m not allowed to say anything,” he admitted 
to Håkan, during their one and only communication, by phone, in 1973. 
“People would be shocked if they knew of these things. I’ve already said 
too much.” Fourteen months before he died, he reiterated these concerns 
in a phone conversation with a friend of Håkan’s. “What I have gotten into 
is negative,” he lamented. “You become very isolated. I warn you against 
going deeper into this.”

Asked why he did not simply stop working with the beings, Höglund 
explained that he “would go the same way as Loftin Anderson. There is a 
way in but no way out.” During the first few years of his contacts, he felt 
that he owed them some help in return for healing his kidney. Later, things 
got worse. “You don’t know what kind of a hell I’m into,” he remarked. In 
the event he could take it no longer at some point, he carried a suicide pill 
around with him.

Höglund obtained very little information from his contacts. If he asked 
something, he said, they would return the next day after consulting with 
the Overlords. Nonetheless, the Russian friend of Höglund’s (mentioned 
earlier), who claimed contact with the same beings, said that Höglund 
seemed to know more about them than he did, after working for them for 
twenty years.

“They are totally without feelings and can witness the most brutal torture,” 
Höglund once revealed to a friend. “It means nothing to them.” He 
felt like an animal in their company. In some ways, he said, they seemed 
stupid, and not even telepathic. They claimed to come from another planet 
and were here to prevent a third world war. But Höglund speculated that 
their real objective was to take us over from the inside-by infiltration.

A DIFFERENT EVOLUTION
Rather than emissaries from another planet or planets, is it perhaps more 
likely that the group involved with Höglund following his initial encounters
 in Sweden was of terrestrial, rather than extraterrestrial, origin? Also, 
there are parallels with reports of the notorious “men in black”-MIBs. 
In his initial appraisal of the case, Håkan cites John Keel, the well-known 
author and leading investigator of the MIB phenomenon. “On a number of 
occasions,” wrote Keel, “I actually saw the phantom Cadillacs as advertised, 
complete with sinister-looking Oriental-like passengers in black suits. On 
Long Island, following the directions given me in an anonymous phone 
call, I pursued one of these cars down a dead-end road where it seemingly
vanished into thin air. . . .”9 The black Cadillacs are not necessarily 
phantom, anyway, since Höglund had been lent one to drive in Nassau.

Howard Menger, an American who claimed to have acted as a liaison 
for the “space people” in the 1950s, and who is the subject of a chapter in 
my book Alien Base, was informed by his contacts:

“My friend, this Earth is the battlefield of Armageddon, and the battle 
is for men’s minds and souls. . . . There is a very powerful group on this 
planet, which possesses tremendous knowledge of technology, psychology, 
and, most unfortunate of all, advanced brain therapy. They use people not 
only from this planet [but also] other people of your own planet, who live 
unobserved and undiscovered as yet, to dupe your peoples into a distorted 
concept of a truth which enveloped your planet thousands of years ago [in 
order] to attain their own ends.”10

It is difficult to know how much credence can be placed in all this, but 
it  certainly  resonates  with  Höglund’s  experiences,  and  indeed  those  of 
others, such as the Amicizia group (Chapter 13). I spent a lot of time with 
Howard Menger, and though I am certain that some of his later claims were 
fantasized, I do believe he had genuine contacts with beings who, whatever 
their  origin,  were  highly  advanced,  mentally  and  technologically-and 
capable of space travel. He told me that he grew skeptical of their professed 
“Venusian” or “Martian” origin, speculating that they may have been from 
Earth, the remnants of a highly advanced civilization, such as the mythical 
Atlantis, said to have existed thousands of years ago.

“Most of this is myth, but suppose Atlantis was real?” Howard suggested
.  “The  people  might  have  gone  under  the  ocean  and  have  cities 
there. It’s very possible. UFOs have been seen going into the ocean, and 
coming out. It’s possible they don’t want us to know that they live here on 
this planet, that they would throw us off the track by telling us [they come 
from] Venus or Mars.” He thought it likely, however, that they had bases 
on those planets.11

Höglund  claimed  that  Little  Exuma  Island  in  the  Bahamas  was 
“swarming” with CIA agents when the location of the alien base was leaked 
to the agency. Again, Menger has some pertinent points in this regard, 
relating to the MIB. “Around this great country of ours is a jungle, whether 
you know it or not,” he declared in 1967, “and there are specialized men 
who know how to deal on the same level with these people on the outside 
trying to get in and conquer us. That’s the only way we will ever survive, 
so don’t knock the CIA please.”12

The Overlords-the four beings encountered by Höglund during his 
initial encounters in Sweden-seem a quite different, possibly truly alien, 
species, with their large slanted eyes, large pointed ears, and lack of hair. 
It is impossible to reconcile this description with the KGB hypothesis. 
Furthermore, there are a number of similarities in Höglund’s account that 
match some little-known reports by others; for example, Håkan reminded 
me that in the case of José Higgins, who encountered two strange, tall 
humanoids in Brazil in July 1947, the beings were covered in a kind of 
inflated,  transparent  suit,  which  enveloped  them  from  head  to  foot.13 
Höglund’s  humanoids,  likewise,  were  covered  by  transparent  coveralls 
which looked like they were held out from the body by air pressure.

Regarding  the  beings  who  liaised  with  Höglund  and  others,  I  feel 
that Håkan Blomqvist’s original hypothesis remains valid. “My personal 
speculation,” he wrote in 1984, “is that these entities somehow belong to 
this Earth but are of a different evolution. In Theosophical literature there 
are frequent mentions of two other physical evolutions sharing this planet 
with us. They are possibly neither good nor evil but can be ‘used’ by those 
who know. . . .”14



============================================================================
CHAPTER TWELVE. RELUCTANT GUINEA PIGS

It was the summer of 1968 in London’s West End. Leonard Mantle, a 
gardener for the City of Westminster, was busy spraying the roses in Soho 
Square when a stranger bade him “good morning.” In a busy public square, 
especially in summer, it was not unusual for tourists to stop by for a brief chat.
“I looked up and saw a man there, very immaculate, with a dark gray 
suit and an about-town shirt,” Leonard told me, in one of two interviews 
at his home in 1978. “I thought I’d better just carry on. The next thing he 
says is, ‘Obviously you’re enjoying your work?’ To which I replied, ‘Well, 
yes, of course.’ And when you’re seeing people rushing to work, you just 
carry on doing what you’re doing.”

“You’re not aware of time,” the stranger commented. “You seem to be 
more acutely aware of that than most people.”

“Well, time is important,” replied Leonard, somewhat bemused.
“That’s a very true statement,” replied the man. “But people’s concept 
of time is entirely different.”

The stranger introduced himself as Iso Khan. Leonard inquired if he 
was on holiday. “Oh, no,” came the reply. “I’m just on a visit-sort of.” 
Asked if he traveled a great deal, Khan confirmed that indeed he did, 
adding that he had met people from all walks of life.

“It would appear there hadn’t been any part of the world he hadn’t been 
to,” said Leonard. “At this point I excused myself, as it was my tea break, 
but suggested that he come back after I’d had my break. So I had my tea 
and came out of the hut, which is in a picturesque place in the middle of 
Soho Square.

“And,  naturally,  I  never  thought  he  would  be  there.  I’d  watered  the 
rose beds, so I thought I’d get the mower out and start mowing the grass. 
I went up and down a few times, then got back to the seat. And there he 
was, sitting on the same seat. ‘They’re quite nice straight lines you’ve made 
with that cutter,’ he said. I replied that I liked to see them straight as it 
makes the grass look good.”

At  one  point  in  the  conversation,  Khan  implied  that  he  came  from 
another world.

“His knowledge of things was so overwhelming,” Leonard emphasized. 
“It seemed as though he knew everything pertaining to our world: its formation, 
the psychology, the arts, literature, culture-not only our cultures but 
cultures I’d never heard of. He seemed to be familiar with every aspect of 
our world. ‘How could you possibly know what happened a hundred years 
ago unless you were there?’ I asked him.”

“Well, it is a question of time,” he responded. “Your whole concept of 
time is a man-made thing. Time, according to you, is being born, living, 
and dying; getting up, working, and going to bed. That is your concept 
of time.”

Leonard pointed out that, from his personal experience, he however had 
always been aware that there is “another time-a time where you sort of 
step out of yourself.”

“Yes,  then  you  are  going  into  time,”  came  Khan’s  cryptic  response, 
alluding briefly to a “sixth dimension,” which meant nothing to Leonard 
at the time.

Another meeting took place the following day in Park Lane. “I had to 
go onto the central reservation, watering all the way down and picking up 
the Coca-Cola cans and various things that visitors had thrown all around 
Marble Arch by the fountains,” Leonard explained. Khan seemed determined
to accompany him. Leonard’s superintendent, who was checking 
progress at the time, just glanced at Khan, assuming him to be a member 
of the public. “So, it wasn’t as though it was a hallucination and that he was 
invisible to anyone but myself,” Leonard impressed upon me.

Khan  alluded  to  our  exponential  developments  in  technology.  “The 
tragedy of things here is that your technology has advanced too fast,” he 
pointed out. “You will not be able to contain it.”

“Well,  I  know  we’ve  got  the  atom  bomb  and  the  hydrogen  bomb,” 
responded Leonard.

“It’s not only that,” said Khan. “Your world is being destroyed without 
those things. You don’t need to have a worldwide war between two major 
powers to eliminate this world. That is entirely unnecessary. . . . The men 
who count know-they know they cannot contain what they have made,” 
adding that, at any given time, “a chain reaction could take place.”

“He never alluded to pollution of rivers or seas, or oil or anything like 
that,” Leonard explained, “just that the rate of pollution in the environment 
was now so rapid that it was highly improbable we would last for more than 
five hundred years-even without any wars.”

PSYCHOLOGICAL PROBLEMS
Leonard  became  so  concerned  by  these  encounters  that  he  decided  to 
inform Scotland Yard, headquarters of the Metropolitan Police, responsible 
for law enforcement within Greater London (excluding the City district).
“I was fed up with the whole thing,” he told me. “So one evening I went 
on my bicycle to Scotland Yard, and there was a sergeant sitting there. 
‘Look,  Sergeant,’  I  said,  ‘do  me  a  favor,  could  you  possibly  let  me  see 
someone high-up I could talk to?’ So he just looked at me and said, ‘Do 
yourself a favor-just go home.’ ‘All right,’ I said, ‘I’m going.’ So I walked 
toward my bike, and I thought, no-so I went back. ‘Piss off!’ he said.

“I must be sincerely honest about this. Iso Khan, wherever he comes 
from, whoever he may be, certainly hasn’t done me any favors-because 
I went to Epsom.” (The name of this town in the county of Surrey was 
often used as a euphemism at that time, owing to the notorious prevalence 
of its psychiatric hospitals.) Leonard’s general practioner, Dr. Rydall, had 
recommended psychiatric evaluation.

“I was there three days and they said I could go home for the weekend. 
They said I was emotionally upset and just needed rest.” He spent a total 
of six weeks in Epsom, returning home each weekend. “They didn’t keep 
me there, fortunately, but once you get that label stuck on you. . . . So what 
have I got to thank him for? I’m quite philosophical by nature and of a 
logical mind, but there are times when I thought, My God, this fellow has 
done me irreparable harm, in a way. I thought maybe it’s this obsession of 
mine about the time thing, or that it could all be illusory-hallucinations.”
Len related to me one of several instances when he claims to have experienced
a “time shift.”

“A neighbor from my block of flats in Clapham was just coming out of 
Hannell’s grocery store, and I was standing outside. As he was walking, and 
before he got to the door, I was suddenly there and opening the door for 
him! And he started scratching his head, looked at me again and again. The 
same thing happened again in the afternoon when he was coming down in 
the lift. And he looked at me again in disbelief. If you’re behind someone 
and all of a sudden you’re in front of them, how can you explain it?”

FURTHER MEETINGS
The first of several further encounters with Iso Khan took place in the 
summer of the following year (1969), in Marble Arch, London. As usual, 
Khan was immaculately dressed, with what Leonard thought looked like 
a suit tailor-made in Savile Row, and handmade shoes.

“You’re a fine one, you are,” began Leonard. “I had a breakdown last 
year. Will you tell me something: Why, of all people, did you pick on me?”
“Oh, no,” replied Khan, smiling. “I haven’t only picked on you. There 
are three other people.” The other three apparently had been selected from 
another country or countries.

“But why in this country then am I the only person? I’m cutting the 
grass, watering the roses, digging the flowerbeds-you know full well no 
one is going to believe me.”

Kahn laughed. “It’s the obvious thing you do: pick the lowest common 
denominator. The lower down you are, the lower intellectually people think 
you are, and the less likely they are to believe you.”

“That’s not very complimentary to me.”
“It’s logical to follow. Who’s going to believe you? The only important 
point is that you are aware of time. And we know this.”
“Come off it. How could you possibly know?”
“We have an inbuilt register. If we walk near people, we can calculate 
the intelligence level of that person. You’re very intelligent, and you have 
six senses. We have nine. . . .”

“But why pick on me? Look what I’m doing-old trousers, great big 
boots, and messing around with mud-of all people, why me?”

Kahn replied that he’d talked to other people and had met with a negative
response.

At one point during the several days of meetings that year, Leonard 
invited Khan to his home in Dolman Street, Clapham North, southwest 
London. “He was reluctant at first. And I said ‘Why don’t you? There’s 
nothing to stop you.’ And so he agreed.”

Khan declined Mantle’s offer of food and drink. He behaved impec-
cably, and liked his host’s three cats, which he petted. But his telepathic 
ability was disturbing. “He knew what you were going to say before you 
opened your mouth,” Leonard explained to me. “It’s like being dissected 
brain-wise.”

One of the many topics discussed was our space program. “A very primitive
way of getting off the ground,” commented Khan. “There are far better 
ways of getting around.”
“Give me an instance.”
“Well, our spacecraft are relatively simple. Our technology is completely 
different from yours. We work with an electro-magnetic field. The craft 
can either be [disc-shaped] or cylindrical. The principle, in effect, is that 
you have two magnets: one on the bottom and one on the top. Do you 
understand magnetism?”

Len replied that he knew very little.
“Well, if you have two magnets and you push them together, they repel 
each other,” Khan explained.

“I know that well,” rejoined Len, “for the simple reason that I had a 
Black & White whiskey promotion toy involving two small magnetized 
dogs which pushed one from the other.”

“Well, the principle is the same. There’s a magnet on the bottom and one 
on the top. And we have a cylindrical column which is a mercury barometer. 
A long thing comes down like that, and up, and it’s used when we enter 
barometric pressure.” (I presume on entering a planetary atmosphere.) Khan 
added that a “dimensional field” was also involved.

In our last interview, Leonard expanded a little on the propulsion aspect, 
struggling to comprehend what he had been told. He referred to a “hydroelectric
magnetic field,” and thought that “the top half of the cylinder-type 
central column was identical to the bottom half.” Takeoff was at a “terrific 
rate,” which occurred “when the top half hit the bottom half.”

It should be borne in mind that Leonard had no scientific education 
and thus conceded that, although blessed with a good memory, he might 
easily have been mistaken regarding some of these explanations. It is equally 
worth pointing out that he was not a “ufologist,” thus unfamiliar with any 
of the numerous books on the subject: he hadn’t even bothered to see Close 
Encounters of the Third Kind, he assured me.

Queried about his extraterrestrial origin, Khan said he came from a 
world very much like own, though lacking in pollution. His race was about 
5,000 years ahead of ours. He claimed to be around 150 years old.

“You know,” he added, “your people are under an illusion. You seem 
to think that people from other worlds have got all sorts of funny faces.”

I asked Leonard for a detailed description of Khan.
“He  was  debonair,  slim,  and  about  five  feet  eight.  He  had  straight 
brown hair, immaculately well cut, and a sort of pointed, aquiline nose, 
high cheekbones, and a very determined chin. His eyes were greenish: it 
wasn’t so much the color but their expression. They never darted about and 
were static-very calm. He didn’t seem to blink. His teeth were absolutely 
perfect-nothing irregular at all. If you saw him, you’d say: there’s a very 
smart, well-groomed business man-you wouldn’t say handsome. He had 
the look of a man who knows where he’s going.”

Khan invited Len to examine one of his hands. “The pigmentation-it’s 
the same,” Len declared.

“Not quite. Our pores are a little bit larger.”
Khan was conversant with many of our languages. “In the acquisition of 
a language, it doesn’t matter whether it’s Chinese, Russian, or any other,” 
he explained: “to us, any forms of language or speech are relatively simple.”
He spoke English “in an educated way,” said Leonard. “Only once did 
he  ever  make  a  mistake.  Instead  of  saying  ‘I  don’t  understand  you,’  he 
said ‘I have not the meaning of your words.’ That was the only time ever 
that he said something that was not compatible with the ordinary way of 
speaking English.

“He had a very reassuring type of smile-and a sense of humor. He also 
seemed compassionate about us, almost as if he felt sorry for us in a way.

“Since he had been responsible for my breakdown, I told him that the 
least he could do was to prove to me that he was who he said he was.

“I had a Dynatron record player,” Leonard continued. “I’ve always been 
passionately fond of music. I had an album of Nat King Cole numbers, and 
‘Let There Be Love’ was playing.”

”That’s quite nice,” Khan commented. “I’d like to hear that again.”
“Yes, well, hang on. . . .”
“There’s no need for that,” rejoined Khan, making a slight gesture with 
his hand.

“The pick-up arm lifted itself up and it moved back, which is impossible 
because the record should have finished first-it had one more track to go. 
So I said, ‘Well, do it again!’ Sure enough, it came back and started again. 
So then I took off all the other records, left this one on, and told him that 
he could stop any track he didn’t like. And sure enough he did-and he 
never touched the thing. And what’s more, it happened for several days 
after he’d left, witnessed by my wife.

“It was absolutely incredible-you just don’t know what to think; you’re 
so nonplussed that you begin to doubt your senses. ‘There are probably 
people in a laboratory who would have the answer to this,’ I told him, ‘who 
could probably do it with an electronic beam. But if you say you really are 
from somewhere else, just do something that nobody on this Earth can do; 
say, fly up to the top of the house.’

“‘Well, how about this?’ he responded.
“And without making any effort, he just sort of rose up to about two 

feet off the floor.”

“‘How about that?’ said Khan.
“Then he went right around my octagonal table at the same height!”
Khan explained that his people had discovered inadvertently that they 
were able to do this about fifteen hundred years ago. While walking in a 
group, they suddenly noticed that they were taking more prolonged strides, 
followed  by  levitation  just  above  the  ground.  (Advanced  yogis  are  also 
reported to have achieved this ability.)

Ironically,  the  demonstrations-convincing  though  they  were-did 
nothing for Leonard’s equilibrium, resulting once again in his return to the 
psychiatric hospital for two weeks, unable as he was, yet again, to convince 
anyone of the reality of his experiences.

Was Mantle mental? I do not believe so. Having spent quite a lot of 
time with him and his wife, I remain impressed by his total sincerity, by 
his erudition, and-incidentally-by his talent as a jazz pianist.

---

The night of November 22, 1977, was very clear, with an almost full moon. 
Barbara Beavers was relaxing in her bedroom with yoga exercises in her 
Yucca  Valley,  California,  apartment.  Suddenly,  through  her  westward-
facing window, she noticed an erratically moving light describing various 
maneuvers. It then approached and appeared to hover over the apartment 
building, forcing Barbara to stoop at her window to continue observing it.
The bedroom had become suffused with a blueish light, and even when 
she closed her eyes it felt as though a spotlight was shining on her face. 
The light in the sky then moved northward, so Barbara went to her living 
room window, which also faced west.

“At  this  point,”  writes  Shawn  Atlanti,  the  investigator  who  in  2002 
kindly sent me this unpublished report, “she glanced at the clock on the 
north wall of the living room and noted that it read 11:45. She then ‘heard’ 
a voice which said: ‘Barbara, come to Desert Christ Park.’”

Desert Christ Park, overlooking the high desert town of Yucca Valley, 
is dedicated to “Peace on Earth and the Brotherhood of Man,” featuring 
over forty statues and images portraying scenes of Christ’s life and teachings. 
The walk from Barbara’s apartment was slightly uphill, and it took 
her  fifteen  or  twenty  minutes  over  the  mostly  unpaved,  sandy  roads. 
“Reaching the parking area, she heard a sound like rushing wind, looked at 
the mesa to the north, and saw a glow which resolved itself into an almost 
transparent half-dome with translucent panes, four in number on the side 
that could be seen.
“The upper portion of the vessel appeared to rotate clockwise, in the 
direction opposite to that of a disc on the underside. When the craft came 
to rest, hovering a few yards off the ground, the rotation ceased. The light 
from the upper portion was a soft electric blue-white: the underside had 
the same hue but was darker than the upper surface, from which it was 
separated by a rim-like projection that glowed like white heat.

“The  craft  hovered  about  twenty  feet  over  the  witness,  and  an  aqua 
blue beam was directed from the lower disc to the ground. Barbara was 
illuminated by a blinding light and the same voice that she had heard in 
her apartment spoke in an English accent: ‘Are you prepared for this visitation
?’ Accompanied by a rosy flickering of the surface, a ramp then came 
down from the upper portion of the vehicle. A voice, sounding like an 
intercom, warned her not to stand under the ship or to touch its exterior. 
Ascending the ramp, she walked through an automatically opening door 
into an inner room.”

Barbara was instructed to remove her clothes, place them in a “sanitizer” 
compartment (in common with the Dworshak brothers and others), and 
then to stand before a six-foot-high black screen. “She was told to put her 
hands at shoulder height and her forehead against the screen. The voice 
said, ‘Keep your eyes shut, and press the activator button.’ She had the 
sensation  of  being  illuminated,  until  a  tone  stopped.  This  process  was 
repeated in the reverse position, with hands on hips.

“On instruction, she removed a suit from a locker. The material felt soft-
like a liquid. She donned the suit, zipping it from wrist to elbow, ankle to 
knee, and from waist to shoulder. The suit had a wide belt, with metal bars, 
about three inches long, around the entire waist. Carrying a helmet, she 
walked into ‘central control,’ where she was met by four humanoids.

“Two of these beings, a man and a woman, were quite human-looking 
and appeared to be identical. They both had light brown-blond hair, with 
flecks of gold throughout, in a ‘geometric’ cut. Their eyes were the color 
of topaz and their pupils had serrated edges. They had honey-color complexions. 
Both wore the same type of garment with some type of insignia 
(whose appearance Barbara could not recall).

“The two other beings contrasted sharply-both with each other and the 
first pair. One was about four to four and a half feet tall, with well-defined 
pupils in slanting eyes. His head was disproportionately large for his body, 
his frame thin and gangling with long arms. His complexion was pale-
almost translucent. He wore a white suit.

“The fourth creature was quite tall, with ebony skin, full mouth, blue, 
slanted eyes, larger than those of the first two, and a Roman profile. His 
suit was black.”

Their ages were indeterminate. Portraits of them, as shown in slides to 
the Yucca Valley UFO Club, depicted the “human” pair as well-endowed 
physically.

“Since they spoke in a language unknown to Barbara,” Shawn’s report 
continues,  “the  woman  came  forward  to  serve  as  a  translator.  At  this 
point, Barbara was moved to tears, but after recovering her composure was 
given information about the ship and its occupants. She was also given an 
arrowhead-shaped device out of which the language of the occupants came 
out as English, having been translated by the main computer and relayed 
to the object held by Barbara.

“Like everything in the ship, the ‘translator’ had a crystalline appearance 
and was said to be ‘photochromic glass.’1 By means of this device, Barbara 
was told that the ship had an outer and inner shell, with seven ‘pressure’ 
panels on the outside. These panels were plated with gold 1.25 hundredths 
of an inch thick. Between two gold layers was a layer of silicon. It was 
possible to see out clearly, but not in [as reported by the Dworshak boys]. 
The computer was made of pure rock quartz, 47% silica and 53% oxygen.
“The ship had a central cylinder containing an all-crystal interior cylinder. 
Graphite fibers provided reinforcement at stress points. The fuel 
was carried in a lower portion in a sort of ‘cloud chamber’ and consisted 
of plasma and electromagnetism. The temperature of the central portion 
was 0.01° greater than absolute zero. The computer stated that plasma was 
the first state of matter in the universe. The vehicles produced their own 
external  clouds.  Their  communications  were  by  neutrinos  that  traveled 
faster than light. When the speed of the neutrino decreased to that of the 
speed of light, it ‘died’ and remained in a cloud until reactivated.

“In their charts, communications, and central section, glass fibers were 
used to bend light, and with lasers to make holographic images, so that the 
crew could see outside the entire ship.
“A disc about the size of a silver dollar, called a hologram disc, was put in 
a small panel with a viewer. This disc contained the contactee’s ‘life readout’ 
and voice-print. The voice-print was displayed on the oscilloscope screen on 
the small panel. On a large circular screen was displayed her form, with its 
‘Kirlian’ aura.2 She was told to look closely, and could observe the ‘chakras’ 
associated with various glands. ‘Certain humans emit low-frequency radiation,’ 
she was told, and was informed that when the vibrations and the mind 
were in exact accord, the individual’s psychic abilities were heightened.”

Barbara was asked if she would agree to be a “coordinator, transmitter, 
and receiver.” Her mind, said the aliens, would be taught to receive signals 
in codes, color, pictures, emotions, music, and symbols. She replied that 
she could not and-like Leonard Mantle-asked why they did not make 
contact with someone more educated. They replied that it was “difficult 
to make contact because such people did not have time to meditate and 
attain the serenity to elevate their minds.” An undisclosed geographical 
factor was also said to be involved.

“She was told that they were more or less innovators and hoped to make 
communications possible between our world and worlds older than ours 
which were more advanced, as well as with younger worlds. Some of the 
older worlds were becoming so mechanized technically that they desired 
interchange to gather as much as they could of nature.” A corollary here can 
be inferred in the case of Julio Fernández and his dog, who were abducted 
by tall humanoids in the province of Soria in Spain, in February 1978. 
They explained to Julio that they were seeking the “warm human qualities” 
which had atrophied in their race. “They didn’t have a Beethoven” 
was how Julio put it.3

Barbara was also informed by the aliens that they wanted a mixture of 
our people, such as astrophysicists and doctors, to visit their world. “She was 
then given ‘perception tests’ to determine her response to novel sights. One 
scene, in space, appeared as if the observer was moving through the stars. 
The stars forward were blue and green and formed oval bands of color. The 
stars to the side were yellow and went by like elongated streaks to disappear 
in back with a reddish color. She was then asked to count flashes of dots 
on a screen and to give the apparent degrees of the dots shown (in positions
 like the numerals of a clock). Other tests involved describing shapes.

“Additional technological information revealed that the photo-chromic 
glass and films were five times lighter, but seven times stronger, than steel. 
Under pressure, the outer hull of the ship would weld back together if 
scratched. The hull acted as a heat conductor so that they could enter the 
clouds of Jupiter and Venus.”

“You will be led,” Barbara was told. “You will know those to talk to and 
those not to. You will not find this a pleasant thing. Your mind can be 
trained, and will be.” Barbara replied that she would not do it. “We think 
you’ll change your mind,” came the reply.

“The boarding procedure was then repeated in reverse,” Shawn relates. 
“The ramp let Barbara down and then retracted. The craft began to spin 
and took off slowly. She found that her watch had stopped and recalled that 
she had been warned to take all metal from her body. She then retraced 
her steps back home, where she asked the lady in the adjacent apartment, 
Evelyn Whitfield, what time it was, and was told 2:30 a.m.

“Barbara reported that after the experience her teeth became sensitive, 
she needed new glasses, and that various electrical devices in her apartment 
appeared to have been affected. Her TV set needed degaussing; certain 
tapes no longer played properly-nothing would play soon after-and the 
refrigerator freezer stopped working. . . .”4


==========================================================================
CHAPTER THIRTEEN. AMICIZIA

Spanning at least forty years, this is the saga comprising a large group 
of  people  in  countries  such  as  Argentina,  Austria,  Chile,  France, 
Germany, Italy, Siberia, and Switzerland who were involved in an 
extensive alien liaison program. In Italy, those most deeply involved named 
the group Amicizia (pronounced ami-cheet-siya)-“friendship.” In Germany, 
France, and the former Soviet Union, it was known respectively as 
“Freundschaft,” “Amitié,” and “Дpyжбa.” The most extraordinary case I 
have ever investigated, it is at times outrageous, farcical, and ludicrous-
though always compelling. I would not be including it here were I not 
convinced of its relevance to our assessment of aliens and their motives 
regarding Earth.

Preliminary contacts seem to have been initiated in Italy in April 1956. 
One of those first contacted was the late Professor Bruno Sammaciccia, a 
Catholic scholar who authored 160 books on religious matters. Holding 
degrees in psychology and psychiatry as well as many academic and theological
awards, he also contributed extensively to a history of Amicizia, 
compiled by Professor Stefano Breccia and another major participant, Hans 
(surname withheld), though sadly both Bruno and Hans passed away prior 
to publication.

Stefano, who died prematurely in March 2012, was also deeply involved 
with the group, from 1962/3 to 1997, and many of his experiences were 
shared with colleagues and friends-in particular Giancarlo De Carlo, an 
accountant. One of the most remarkable men I have met, Stefano generously
 allowed me to quote from his book Mass Contacts, from my numerous 
interviews with him at his home in Italy, and from our regular communications. 
As he wrote in a foreword:

“All of us were moved by the deep morality and sincere humanity on 
the part of the aliens. These were people who simply could not imagine 
doing any evil to anyone, people who liked eating well, drinking, even 
smoking,  who  enjoyed  playing  the  violin  [in  one  case]  and  tennis,  and 
driving luxurious cars and executive airplanes (in the 1970s, when very 
few people in Italy could own a personal plane). . . . They lived most of 
the time in their huge underground bases, but some of them lived among 
us, inside our society, playing every kind of role in it. One was a university 
researcher, another one the manager of a rather important textile company 
in the center of Italy, a third one was a senior manager in one of the largest 
German telecommunications (TLC) companies, and so on. . . .

“It was an explicit decision by the Amicizia people to keep everything 
concealed under the strictest secrecy, and there were very good reasons for 
that. Actually, once in a while something would emerge publicly, but always 
in a vague and uncertain way. Many European scholars were aware that 
something was happening . . . but nobody, outside our group, has ever had 
even the slightest idea of how big and how important it all was.1

“We had direct, face-to-face meetings with the Friends (also called W56), 
who are extraterrestrials coming both from planets in our own galaxy [and] 
from other galaxies,” a participant who prefers to remain anonymous told 
researcher Nikola Duper in 2008. “Here on Earth they reached the maximum 
number of two hundred, living inside underground and undersea bases, some 
of them along the Adriatic coast, at a depth of about twelve miles. The first, 
‘historical’ base was located under the area of Ascoli Piceno, a small town in 
central Italy [in the mountainous Marche region].

“‘Friendship’ gathers together various extraterrestrial populations that 
are  different  from  each  other,  both  as  regards  physical  characteristics 
[and] provenance (there are Friends from other universes and dimensions). 
However, all share a fundamental choice toward ‘Good.’ . . . The population
 whom we personally interacted with is composed of individuals (men 
and women, like us) who are physically very beautiful, some about three 
meters [9.84 feet] tall, while others are tiny. . . . What is important is what 
they  represent,  beyond  the  various  typologies  and  endless  ‘folkloristic’ 
singularities. . . . The Friends are not the only extraterrestrials who have 
come to the Earth. Individuals from various other populations are among 
us, because the Earth is a very particular planet inside the economy of this 
part of the Universe.”2

There is, reportedly, an ongoing conflict between these species regarding 
the future of our planet.

The humans involved-hand-picked by the aliens-were not cranks. 
Professor Breccia, for example, was a retired expert in artificial intelligence 
and computer sciences, and has given lectures on didactical methodologies
at the British Telecom training center, and on fractal analysis at the 
University of Novosibirsk and the Soviet Academy of Sciences. He was 
also  a  qualified  pilot.  Amicizia,  he  confirmed,  included  a  psychiatrist, 
two cardiologists, the respected aerospace journalist Bruno Ghibaudi, the 
distinguished diplomat Alberto Perego (who authored several pioneering 
books on UFOs), an archaeologist, some twenty engineers, several accountants, 
an expert in military logistics, bank employees, two members of the 
United Nations Food & Agriculture Organization, five university professors, 
a Court of Assizes judge, the executive vice-president of one of the 
largest multi-national companies in the world, two future Nobel laureates, 
four generals, and a few politicians.3

Others included Gaspare De Lama, a well-known Italian painter, and 
Professor Paolo Di Girolamo, a distinguished cartoonist I had the pleasure 
of meeting in Rome, who gave me a copy of his book in which his experiences
are recounted.4

THE EARLY ITALIAN SCENE
According  to  Bruno  Sammaciccia  and  his  friends  Giulio,  an  engineer, 
and  Giancarlo,  an  accountant,  a  series  of  poltergeist-type  phenomena, 
including “automatic writing” of elaborate instructions, preceded initial 
in-person meetings with the aliens, which happened in April 1956. The 
group had been directed via a map to the Rocca Pia castle (Fortezza Pia) 
overlooking Ascoli Piceno. Nothing happened on this occasion, although 
the group felt suffused with “euphoric sensations of well-being and health.” 
The following day, they drove to the top of the road leading to the castle. 
“All of a sudden we saw some spots of light moving in the [evening] air,” 
Bruno reports. “We heard a voice, coming from nowhere, a very calm and 
strong one: ‘Now, my friends, stay calm, because I am going to have one 
of us appear. Are you ready?’”

Giulio expressed concern that strangers might observe what was going 
on. “Be sure that while our friends are with you, nobody else will be 
allowed to intrude,” the voice explained. “If they do, we will divert them.” 
A man then emerged from behind the castle wall, followed by another. 
One of the men was very tall, the other very short. “We were just in front 
of the main entrance, and they came toward us, speaking our language 
perfectly,” reports Bruno. “As they approached, we saw that one of them 
was more than 2.5 meters [8.2 feet] tall, and the other about one meter 
[3.3 feet] tall. The latter had a high-pitched voice, as dwarfs often do, but 
his body was perfect and his voice that of a man of authority.”

With very few exceptions, the aliens did not use names. For reference 
purposes, Bruno and his friends ascribed names to these and others. The 
tall one in this case became “Sinas,” the short one “Sajù.”

“They both shook hands with us, very gently, [perhaps because] they 
were very strong. We felt at that moment a strong sense of love. . . .”

The men remained seated, talking with the aliens on nearby steps-the 
tall one some steps down, the smaller one a few steps above-for over 
an hour and a half. “How many things they told us! That theirs was an 
important mission, that they had been here for many years, that he [Sinas] 
had been here three times, and that three or four centuries ago he had 
been in Central America, because in that area were bases operated by 
other aliens [perhaps the group featured in the previous chapter, who said 
they lived for up to four hundred years?], that there was a war, unknown 
to us. He said they usually keep to desolate areas where nobody could see 
them, so that they would not bother anybody, and at the same time they 
would not be bothered by anyone. . . . They were perfectly aware of our 
history, our religions, and our philosophies.”
“This Earth was made for the good, but the men who inhabit it are 
transforming everything into bad,” asserted Sinas.

“We are not here to conquer, we have nothing to conquer: our interests 
arise from the fact that your Earth lies within our stars, and so we are concerned
 with it. I do not live on a planet, but everywhere I happen to travel.
“This is a critical point in your history, a turning point in your technologies, 
but because of your childish enthusiasms you are forgetting your moral 
values . . . everything arises from morality, and everything is done because 
of it. For this reason, we had, and we are still having, many problems with 
your people in the Middle East, and you too are going to be in trouble 
with them in the near future.”

The meeting ended at 03:00. Two days later, another meeting took 
place on Colle Orlando, a small hill to the south of Pescara. The men 
had taken a transistor radio with them, via which the aliens were able 
to communicate by superimposing their voices over whatever was being 
broadcast. They also had the ability to make use of various gadgets with 
phenomenal qualities. One of these entered the ground in front of the 
men and disappeared. “That particular place had been transformed into 
a kind of facility for us,” explained Bruno. A subterranean base was built 
there so that when the men came to within thirty kilometers of it, they 
would be able to communicate with the aliens by telepathy. Other means 
to  do  the  same-such  as  small  rectangular  metallic  plates  (similar  in 
function to the one given to Richard Högland, described in Chapter 11) 
and other devices-were also provided. Months of further communications
and meetings ensued.5

One night at the Ascoli Piceno castle site, Bruno and his friends, fore-
warned via the communication implements of an imminent contact-to 
include three of the craft and some alien newcomers-suddenly noticed 
that the sky seemed to change. In the distance, three tiny pinpricks of light 
approached. “The ground under our feet started to tremble, so strongly that 
Giancarlo was thrown off balance and fell down,” Bruno reports. “It lasted 
some fifteen minutes, during which Giulio took shelter inside the car and 
Giancarlo sat on the ground. . . . They were almost hysterical.

“All of a sudden, two of the lights grew larger and disappeared. We 
realized that they were the spaceships we had been waiting for, and that 
two of them had already entered the underground base.” The third spot of 
light just switched itself off. A few moments later, “Gallarate,” Sinas, and 
another alien appeared, together with an extremely tall one, calling himself
 “Dimpietro,” who they had also met before. The latter was over nine 
feet tall. (Stefano Breccia told me he once encountered him negotiating 
a corridor in Bruno’s house in Montesilvano-bent double!) Some others 
were even taller.

“We were happy being with them,” continued Bruno, “but at the same 
time felt a bit uneasy, because one could never tell what was going to happen 
when Dimpietro-a notorious practical joker-was around. . . . All six of 
us sat on the ground. Dimpietro took a big cigar out of a box. He threw 
the empty box away, admonishing us to pick it up before leaving. Then he 
broke the cigar into four parts, keeping one for himself and giving us the 
other pieces. Then he lit the cigar with a flame coming out of his forefinger, 
laughing at us!”

In the meantime, some other aliens walked past and disappeared behind 
the castle wall. Curious, Bruno began to follow them, but was stopped by 
Dimpietro. “Where do you suppose they are going?” he said. “They are 
entering our base.”

“But I can’t see them going in.”
“Well, we like to be a bit spectacular at times.”
“Does the door close after each one of them?”
“No, it doesn’t.”
“Then may I go and have a look?”
“You’re welcome to.”
At this point Dimpietro picked up Bruno with one arm and Giancarlo 
with the other! “When we got to the entrance, I saw an opening in the 
ground, like a vertical tunnel heading downward. I thought that the tunnel 
might have weakened the castle foundations, and, as if reading my thoughts, 
Dimpietro said: ‘Do you believe that we are such fools? We have taken care 
to strengthen the structures, so there is no risk.’”

Dimpietro entered the base and bade Bruno and his friends farewell, 
bending down in order to embrace them. “Please, let the world know that 
we have come here with a great love toward you. You speak about love, but 
you do not know what love is. It is the very basis of life itself.”6

INSIDE THE BASES
In due course, Bruno and his friends were allowed to visit the base. Bruno 
and Giancarlo met at the appointed time in front of the castle and were told 
to wait. Giulio did not show up, having mistaken the date. They were told to 
go to the right side of the castle and to stop at a certain point in the pathway. 
“I started feeling the ground under my feet trembling,” Bruno reported. “I 
feared that maybe there was an empty room under us, and that the ground 
was going to collapse into it, because of our weight.” To the contrary, the 
ground itself opened, and another alien-“Meredir”-came out and told 
the group to proceed toward an empty area in the center of the hole through 
which they were about to descend. They were told to place their feet in 
certain areas where nothing was visible. “I did so,” said Bruno, “and felt 
as if some invisible step was preventing me from falling into the pit. Then 
this invisible floor started lowering into the vertical corridor. . . .”

Their descent came to a stop inside a huge subway with crystal-like walls, 
filled with a soft light. No lights as such could be seen, and they learned 
that none of any kind was used. “This place is filled with a peculiar radiation
 that interacts with the energy of the photons,” explained their guide. 
The light was of a beautiful pale blue and the air very clear and scented. No 
shadows could be seen anywhere.7 However, Stefano-who has been inside 
a base on many occasions-disagrees. “First, the shadows were colored-
not dark,” he told me. “And they were in different respective positions from 
the shadows cast by our sources of light. We have a main shadow, but their 
light comes from everywhere, so the shadows are distributed.”8

The  group  was  met  by  Sinas  and  another  man.  “It  was  a  pleasant 
feeling, walking with these three friends of ours, inside that huge structure
,” Bruno writes. “I was feeling calm with a sense of well-being as I 
was breathing [their] air. They explained that the air was different from 
that available in our towns; it was full of negative ions, which were the 
cause of that sensation.” He was told to touch his hair, and found that it 
was stiff and brittle, as though frozen, a result, he was told, of his being 
“detoxicated.”

Via a viewing screen, the group was shown a room in which young boys 
appeared to be studying. Their height apparently varied from two to two 
and a half meters. “For us, they are boys,” said the guide. “One is fifteen, 
some are thirty, and another one is ninety-five years old [!]. Biological 
growth is slower than yours, but achievements are quicker.”

Many of the “boys” had short hair. “They showed a benevolent countenance,” 
Bruno continues. “Some had brown eyes, others very light-colored 
green/blue eyes. They were of different races, and I was told that there are 
actually many different people, but that in most cases only their [physical 
appearances] are different-not their biological functioning.”

The group was offered a pleasant drink, made from a mixture of fruits, 
which apparently had a detoxicating effect. After learning and observing 
many fascinating things, Bruno and his group left the base at three o’clock 
in the morning.9

No women were seen, though Bruno encountered them on other occasions. 
“I’ve seen at least six women inside their bases,” he wrote. “They were 
really beautiful, and you could feel a strong sense of femininity emanating 
from them. Giancarlo once fell in love with one of them. . . .” Neither 
women nor men had a problem with nudity among themselves, though 
never among terrestrial guests.10

Stefano related to me how, during the early 1970s, the W56-“W” 
from  two  VVs  for  “double  victory”  and  “56”  for  the  year  it  started-
informed him that they had built a base about 975 to 1300 feet in depth, 
directly beneath the ground-floor apartment he rented at that time in 
Bologna! “When they wanted me to come down,” he said, “they made 
a  circle  of  light  appear  in  the  floor  and  the  ground  then  opened  up 
somehow and I was taken down as though in an elevator, with no visible 
means of support. Over a period of three to four months, I spent a lot of 
time at the base-at times sleeping there-having many discussions. In 
this particular base there were no women, though I think that was just 
coincidental.”11

Such is their technology that they are able to fabricate bases in a short 
space of time. “Our friends were able to generate what they called a ‘magnetic
 tress,’ i.e. a structure where the lines of force were strictly twisted 
around each other,” Stefano explains:

“Such  a  thing  had  the  property  of  ‘opening’  matter,  compressing  it 
sideways, squashing it in on itself. Translucent, almost crystal, walls were 
the result, with [enormous] density, a Young’s modulus [a measure of the 
stiffness of material] equally high, and of unbelievable strength. In this way 
they were able to open the cavities that would become their bases, evidently 
without damaging the surrounding tectonic structures-on the contrary, 
probably strengthening them.

“Such a structure remained stable while the fields that had generated 
it were active: it was sufficient to switch off these fields, a finger over a 
switch, to revert at once to the status quo ante. In a similar way, they opened 
passages to access their bases when needed, closing them immediately when 
no longer in use. Only very rarely (very small bases just under the ground) 
were stable corridors used. . . .”12

Stefano informed me that the major W56 base beneath Italy exceeded 
186 miles in length and 62 miles in width, with a 980-foot-high ceiling. 
This huge base, he says, was not for living quarters but for the machinery 
essential for their operations.13

In  April  1972,  Bruno,  Giancarlo,  and  two  other  friends,  Assad  and 
Gustav, were re-invited to a base under the beautiful mountain chain of 
the Monti Sibillini National Park in Umbria. On emerging, the men found 
that several days had passed, whereas they were certain not more than a day 
had elapsed. “Our friends then told me,” he explained, “that inside their 
base, gravity was twenty percent less than usual; therefore, one could move 
more easily [and] the heart beats with less strain.”14

TELEPATHIC INDUCTION
“To  what  extent  were  the  aliens  you  encountered  telepathic?”  I  asked 
Stefano.

“I know of up to 150 individuals claiming to be with Amicizia. I don’t 
think they were telepathic. They said that, to produce telepathy, they had to 
use specific devices that were able to induce telepathic capabilities in human 
brains using a kind of implant. I have seen one of these implants-known 
as an ‘ania’-and it is jet black, of a polyhedron shape. It looks like it’s 
‘eating’ light. It generates a huge quantity of reflective light-much more 
than incidental light. In the case of the W56, this object was inserted under 
the skin immediately behind the ear, and yet it dissolves into thousands of 
very small biological robots that disperse in the body. So you couldn’t find 
anything if you looked with X-rays.

“Bruno had been implanted in this way-they asked for his permission 
before doing it-so he could receive telepathic messages. Once when we 
had invited him and his wife for lunch, and I had gone to pick them up 
at their home in a nearby village, during the trip back to my house Bruno 
said, ‘I see that your wife is preparing something with mushrooms. Please 
tell her that my wife can’t eat them.’”15

FINANCIAL PROBLEMS
On  several  occasions,  the  aliens  asked  Bruno  to  obtain  literally  tons  of 
fruit and vegetables, and sometimes fish, for delivery to one of their bases. 
Bruno and his colleagues were told to hire trucks and drivers, ensuring that 
the drivers were never present when it came to collection time. The food was 
then “collected” by means of “tele-transportation” and beamed to their bases! 
The drivers, having been persuaded to join Bruno and his friends at nearby 
cafés, could never understand how such a huge amount of food could have 
been collected so quickly.

Payment to Bruno and others was sometimes by precious stones or-in one 
case-platinum ingots. On the latter occasion, at Bruno’s villa in Montesilvano, 
the ingots reportedly just fell from the open sky into the garden, which when 
collected filled ten boxes weighing about 150 kilograms. Luckily, Bruno was 
able to sell them to a wholesaler who didn’t inquire as to their origin.16

Bruno was asked by the aliens to build a large villa for them-under their 
guidance-on top of a high hill to the west of Montesilvano, beneath which 
they had a base. With three floors, it had many meeting rooms, large convention
rooms, cubicles for individual study, and even a small observatory on the 
roof. They needed the property, they said, as a center of operations, to introduce
new people to Amicizia and to develop some technical projects, and as a 
business enterprise.17

When the W56 saga ended, Bruno suffered great financial loss as a result. 
“I had to sell everything,” he explained, “two buildings belonging to my wife, 
a couple of agricultural sites, and above all, I had to sell the large villa I had 
built, and in so doing I made no more than a tenth of its value, because I 
had to sell everything in a hurry.”18

“W56 sometimes supplied Bruno with platinum and gold,” Stefano told 
me, “and-aware that the operation was costing us a lot of money-they 
once gave Giancarlo a device made by them which was capable of generating 
diamonds. But there were two problems. First, the device was absorbing a 
huge quantity of electricity from the cables surrounding the area-without 
any direct connection-so that people living in the area started receiving 
huge bills from the electricity company! The second problem was that, 
although the device was actually generating diamonds, they were in the 
shape  of  an  ellipsoid  20  centimeters  long  and  10  centimeters  wide!  So 
nobody would believe they were real diamonds and they couldn’t be sold: 
it would be too dangerous to try, because of criminals and so on. So one 
night, Giancarlo and I took a boat, went out a couple of kilometers from 
the coast, and threw them into the sea! It was an example of the aliens’ 
inability to comprehend our situation.”19

What  these  aliens  did  provide,  however-and  in  abundance-was  a 
phenomenal  amount  of  knowledge,  inspiration,  and,  in  many  respects, 
protection for those involved with the Amicizia group. And it needs to 
be pointed out here that, on at least two occasions since 1956, they had 
prevented a nuclear war on Earth. “They did so by transmuting the fission-
able metals inside the warheads into lighter substances, so that no nuclear 
reaction could take place,” Bruno was told.20

W56 CRAFT
The technology of the W56s was almost indistinguishable from magic. 
“Very  seldom  did  they  explain  something,”  writes  Stefano  in  a  more 
recent treatise-“Their Technology”-to be included in a second book on 
the Amicizia case.21 “Most of the time they made use of Maieutics [the 
Socratic mode of inquiry, serving to bring a person’s latent ideas into clear 
consciousness],  where  a  concept  is  not  blatantly  exposed  to  pupils,  but 
[discovered] by themselves.”

Stefano learned that W56 and other groups use many types of craft, 
from small “scouts” to huge motherships. The scouts are not transportation 
devices per se, but mainly mobile laboratories, and even weapons systems. 
Surprisingly, they are made mostly of pure iron, though certain parts are 
manufactured from various alloys. “There is a peculiar ‘field’ that connects 
all the pieces together,” Stefano maintains. “When this field is switched off, 
the pieces fall apart.” And the scouts are not stored in hangars. “Thanks to 
their technology, the W56s ask their machines and robots to build a new 
scout when one is needed.” Each time it is designed in accordance with its 
specific mission. “When the mission is over, the scout is simply dismantled. 
That’s why we see so many different types of craft: each one of them has 
been built having in mind the peculiar activity it had been designed for.

“Scouts  are  not  even  always  meant  to  be  manned  devices:  many  are 
totally  automatic  in  their  operations.  And  scouts  are  not  always  flying 
saucers: they may vary from ‘aniae’ [see earlier], less than a millimeter long, 
to craft several kilometers long.” Some scouts are not material craft, per se, 
but “physical properties forced into a small amount of space”!

Stefano has ascertained that the propulsion systems vary “from pure 
aerodynamics  to  magneto-hydrodynamics  to  electrostatic  or  electrody-
namic effects, to electromagnetic effects or to extremely complex sets of 
fields generating relativistic effects. These are what we call flying saucers 
or flying cigars. I do not know much about the latter. . . . Of course, there 
are also differently shaped objects, such as triangles, squares, cubes, spheres, 
and the like. . . .

“Usually the power source is an internal one. In flying saucers it consists
of three or more objects, similar to cigarettes in shape and dimensions,  
but  much  heavier.  They  are  called  mother  cells  and  produce  a 
high-frequency current through their extremities . . . it seems that the 
intensity  of  electrical  current  flowing through the poles is astonishing 
[and] one wonders how such a huge amount of current can flow through such 
small surfaces. What I do know is that it is always necessary to have something
that absorbs the energy they generate, otherwise they could explode.
“A scout is never switched off, even in the rare cases when it is on standby. 
Thanks to their superior technology, no maintenance is required even in 
the long-lasting interstellar or even intergalactic craft that they use for their 
major ‘displacements.’ Re the latter, their propulsion system relies on greatly 
distorting the space-time geometry, requiring awesome amounts of energy 
that, in a kind of perpetual-motion machine, the W56s are able to extract 
from the distortion process itself . . . there is no practical limit to speed 
[except] the rapidity with which the internal computers are able to interact 
with the surrounding environment. That is the only practical limit, because 
operations depend heavily on it.”

“SCOUTS”
Of  mostly  circular  (sometimes  elliptical)  planform,  flying  saucers  have 
diameters ranging from about three to five hundred or more meters. “The 
ratio between the diameters of the outer rim and of the inner cabin depends 
on several factors, and may range from, say, 1.2 to 10 or even more,” explains 
Stefano in his treatise. “Also, the ratio between the outer diameter and 
height depends on several factors, and may range from, say, 0.05 to 3. So, 
we may have extremely ‘flat’ discs, or objects that we would not call ‘discs’ 
because their height is much more than their diameter. In some cases there 
is no central cabin . . . mostly [when no one] is inside.”

No  fixed  portholes  or  doors  exist.  When  one  is  needed,  it  is  simply 
“created,” Stefano asserts. The iron can be rendered transparent, thus it 
is possible to create a “porthole” at will. “It must be said that, most of the 
time, it makes no sense to look outside, because the outer disc prevents 
one from looking down. It can be rendered partially transparent, but that 
would interfere with the propulsion. A major problem, when flying low over 
ground, is that a scout encounters serious problems in acquiring information 
about its immediate environment; therefore, in such circumstances small 
devices are usually ejected that monitor the local situation and transmit 
the data back to a central computer. . . .

“The control panel of a small scout is a rectangular area [which] is very 
small-about 50 centimeters wide and 35 centimeters high. It is a touch 
panel, and it only ever shows the information that is required and the 
commands available in that situation. That means that its contents are 
continually changing, both owing to a decision by the central computer 
or upon a request by the pilot. Commands are activated by pressing the 
touch panel.

“It is theoretically possible to drive ‘by thought,’ but rather cumbersome 
and therefore seldom applied. It is also possible to drive without the help 
of the central computer, but it is extremely difficult and occurs only when 
a new pilot is trained. Typical commands a pilot may want to enter are: 
climbing to a certain altitude, then deciding where he wants to go, either 
selecting from a list or entering the name of a place; or entering the name of 
an ‘anchor,’ then selecting the time required to reach the selected spot and 
eventually adding some details about how the flight should be effected. . . .

“‘Anchors’ are to a certain extent similar to our ‘VORs’ [very high frequency
 omnidirectional radio range] 22 used in general aviation, a kind of 
radio-homing device, although working on totally different principles. It is 
possible to create an anchor on a certain point, at a certain height, give it a 
name, and from that moment on it will be available to all scouts, because 
the local computer will transmit this information to a central computer that 
will make it available to other scouts, if required. . . .

“There are some minor operational details which I have not included here, 
including allowing oneself to be recognized by the computer (not everyone 
is entitled to pilot a scout), managing environmental conditions, and the 
like. But, again, each operation consists of selecting an option from a list. 
For instance, for most scouts it is better not to land, but to hover about half 
a meter above the target, in order to avoid heavy exchanges of power. An 
actual landing is rather complicated, and is usually assigned to the computer.”
The craft are not pressurized like ours. “Because of its propulsion criteria
,” Stefano explains, “a scout, even in space, is always surrounded by an 
envelope of atmosphere; therefore, if opening a ‘door’ while in space, the 
internal atmosphere would leak out at such a slow speed that it would take 
weeks to empty. If necessary, of course, it can be emptied within seconds.
“Just like inside the bases, the air itself is luminous: there is no concentrated
 light source. This generates peculiar effects on shadows that I have 
not quite understood. . . .

“Light appears to be generated from nowhere,” as Stefano told me. And 
the flooring of a craft with which Stefano was familiar “appeared to be 
metallic, but was rather soft and looked like plastic.”23

Most amazingly, certain scouts of about nine meters in diameter can 
be compressed in some way to a diameter of some forty centimeters, with 
a corresponding reduction in their mass and inertia. Nicknamed “pocket 
scouts,” when reduced they can be kept and transported in a square rigid 
bag about sixty centimeters wide. “Having got to a rather wide clearing,” 
writes Stefano in Mass Contacts, “the small scout was taken out from its 
bag and put down with care. Then one had to get at least twenty meters 
away, if possible concealing oneself behind a tree or a wall.

“Acting on a switch inside the bag, the scout would at once get back to 
its original dimensions (with an obviously violent blast, pebbles shooting 
[around] like bullets followed by an inverse air displacement, a loud sound, 
and  leaves  flying  around).  Shortly,  this  quietened  down  and  the  scout 
was ready to be flown. When [the mission] was over, the inverse operation
 typically generated lower gradients of pressure, therefore was not so 
violent as the first one. In both instances, noticeable variations in the air 
temperature were felt.

“I have never understood the use of such devices: it would have been 
much easier to have a scout, on auto-pilot, following its owner at a great 
height, then have it land when necessary. . . . Probably there was a reason 
behind  such  complicated  devices,  but  no  satisfactory  explanation  was 
given.”24

“BELLS”
According to Stefano, this was the common name-campane in Italian-
given to flying-saucer scout craft. Much of what he has learned attests to 
the validity of a number of George Adamski’s disputed claims and provides 
valuable new scientific and technical data. “Although usually no two scouts 
are identical to each other,” Stefano reports in his treatise, “some general 
outlines may be described. The first is that Adamski’s bells look squatter 
than those of the W56s.” [See below.]

“The height-to-diameter ratio is around 0.6. This second image (below) 
refers to a typical W56 bell”:

“It may be seen that the proportions are slightly different: the height-to-
diameter ratio is around 0.4; moreover, usually the mechanism to extend/
retract the three spheres under the disc behaves in a different way: in the 
Adamski bell, the spheres go up and down vertically, parallel to the scout 
axis;  in  W56  devices,  there  is  also  a  radial  movement.  [Normally,  the 
spheres are retracted on landing.]”

Stefano adds that the main disc surface of the “bells” is made of cobalt/
magnesium, while “the dome on the top of the tower is externally covered 
with insulating material: strangely enough, this material is again iron, in 
a very peculiar allotropic state [including two or more different physical 
forms of a chemical element],” and “the topmost sphere is made of graphite, 
crossed by an extremely strong electrical flux; therefore it typically becomes 
incandescent, with a red hue.

“What follows is but a very rough outline of the operating principles of a 
bell. I believe that most of them may be understandable, but in some cases 
our technology is not able to duplicate similar effects. I am summarizing my 
notes, because their content would be too technical for the general reader, 
and also because I believe that mankind is not yet ready to receive some of 
the concepts involved.” As Stefano explained to me:
“The  three  spheres  under  the  main  disc  are  hollow  and  filled  with 
nitrogen at a very high pressure [via an internal radial magnetic field that 
forces nitrogen into a ‘doughy’ state, in order to increase its density]. This 
gas is taken out and pumped along the three rings at the base of the cabin. 
It circulates in the same direction on the first and third rings and in the 
opposite direction in the second ring. It is pushed by ultrasonic pumps and 
contributes to the maintenance of the electrostatic field around the craft.
“The rings on top of the cupola are made, alternately, of metal discs and 
isolating discs, perpendicular to the ‘torus’ structure, and it rotates in the 
same direction as the second ring. Then, under the disc itself, there are two 
more rings, one over the other-the highest one a bit smaller than the lower 
one-and the lower one rotates in the same direction as the second ring, 
and they are made of isolation materials. Then there is a central column. 
The main idea of the operation is that the topmost ring generates the ‘suspending’
operation, while the other rings generate electrostatic fields. . . .
“The spheres must be polarized differently from one another: this may 
reflect on the direction of flight. In an actual landing, spheres are usually 
retracted: if this is not possible, their polarizations are equated to that of the 
outer disc. If this precaution is not taken, a really hard landing would take 
place, with no damage to the craft but probable injuries to its occupants.

“When  taking  off,  some  time  must  elapse  before  the  craft’s  gravity 
escapes the local one, because the change of polarization requires a big 
exchange of electrical charges. During this time, the craft floats almost 
at random, owing to the interaction between its polarization and the local 
electrical field. That is why Adamski reported that, after takeoff, he felt 
a push and acceleration. And the reason he got an electric shock [when 
he  first  approached  a  landed  craft  near  Desert  Center,  California,  on 
November 20, 1952] is that, with the rotating electronic field and the one 
electrostatically generated by the lower rings, the outer rim is ‘charged,’ 
owing to currents running around it. If the current is not steady, the magnetic
 field itself is not steady, and it generates a secondary field on the outer 
ring that becomes charged electrostatically. . . . We are not able to store such 
a large amount of electricity-but that was back in that period.”25

Ian Taylor, a well-informed student of the subject, related to me how 
in around 1976 he was shown two approximately ten- by eight-inch glossy 

black-and-white prints of “what at first looked like an illuminated lamp-
shade that was out of focus. Both prints seemed the same but there were 
minor differences as I recall,” he said. “I asked [the source] what it was he 
was showing me, after which he turned over the prints to reveal what I 
gathered was an official USAF seal, in a blue ink, slightly faded but clearly 
legible. I have seen official military seals before and this looked pretty 
authentic. He asked me to examine the shots more closely. . . .

“It  soon  began  to  dawn  on  me  that  I  was  actually  looking  at  what 
appeared to be night-time shots of a shape that was almost identical to 
Adamski’s classic Scout, albeit seemingly slightly more compressed, but 
that could have been down to the printing processes in the darkroom or 
for whatever other reason. What I was looking at was the shape of the 
craft in its familiar outline as a white illumination made up of parallel, 
horizontally opposed bars of light of an almost neon-like intensity. It soon 
became apparent that what I was looking at was the magnetic energy field 
of excitation circumnavigating the underlying form, or something to that 
effect.

“I asked where he had gotten these images and he said they had been 
smuggled out of the USA a few years back by a colleague who had known 
people in the U.S. Air Force who had had access to certain classified material, 
and that he had been given the prints as something to own, but never 
to make public. . . . I have to admit that I was completely taken aback by 
the sheer clarity and definition contained in the shots. As I was well into 
photographic  techniques  and  special  effects  in  my  work  in  the  creative 
business, I had a suspicion these would have been copies taken from the 
original negatives rather than original prints, but it was difficult to say.”26 
(See photo section.)

“OVERALLS”
For me, the most astonishing mode of alleged W56 transportation was a 
one-piece apparel, referred to as “overalls.” “Typically, the W56s used these 
overalls-not scouts-to move from one place to another,” Stefano told me. 
“The suit was a biological entity/device for supporting its occupant, from 
any point of view: nutrition, elimination of waste, and so on. Under the 
ten-centimeter-thick soles were two propulsive devices. From my point of 
view, they were rather elementary, as the propulsive system wasn’t so difficult
 to use. It generated two identical ‘pushes’ from your feet toward your 
head, or vice-versa.”27 In Mass Contacts, Stefano expounds:

“The overalls were biological entities, strictly personal, which acted as 
[both] defensive and transportation systems. They were to be worn over the 
naked body, protecting the occupant against practically any external danger.
“There was a whimsical system for managing inertia: the overall was 
able [incrementally] to adjust its inertia up to unbelievable levels. . . . The 
propulsion system was really rudimentary, based on two ‘pushes’ applied 
perpendicularly to the soles, and the only control system was a button on 
the belt which was able to modulate the intensity of the two pushes (identical
 to each other). Pushes could be both positive (upward) and negative 
(downward). The pilot’s skill lay in graduating the strength of pushes and 
in carefully orientating his feet. . . .

“Needless to say, more than once, funny episodes took place; for instance, 
one  morning  in  Munich,  Germany,  passers-by  were  astonished  by  the 
sight of a distinguished elderly gentleman who, upside down, was flying 
randomly at a height of a few meters, from time to time bumping into 
buildings in his path!

“The overall would tune itself to its owner’s identity, which it was able 
to recognize, not through DNA but thanks to a biological principle still 
unknown to our scientists. A different occupant would have been considered
a potential enemy. . . .”28

It  is  worth  noting  that,  though  relatively  rare,  sightings  of  “flying 
humanoids” have been reported in other countries. In an article published 
in 2007, researchers Ruben Uriarte and Steven Reichmuth describe a series 
of  sightings  in  Mexico  of  what  they  categorize  as  “unidentified  flying 
humanoids” (UFH). “A number of UFH sightings have been reported over 
the skies of Mexico since the year 2000,” they report:

“Mexican citizens equipped with home video cameras have recorded 
flying  silent  humanoids,  often  wearing  an  apparatus  on  their  backs  or 
around their waists. Sometimes they appear to be in a sitting or reclining 
position. They hover or move silently, regardless of wind direction, displaying
definite  flight  control  characteristics.  They  have  been  reported 
predominantly around Mexico City, notably over Cuernavaca, just southeast 
of the capital city. Sometimes they are reported to accelerate to 100 mph 
or more, but more often they are filmed hovering. . . .”

Uriarte and Reichmuth checked the possibility that such sightings were 
related to people flying with the aid of “rocket belts” propelled by hydrogen 
peroxide.  They  consulted  Juan  Mañuel  Lozano,  CEO  of  Tecnologia 
Aeroespacial Mexicana (TAM), which manufactures such belts. Lozano 
denied that TAM was responsible and said he was unaware of any other 
company in Mexico that made such rocket belts. On viewing video footage 
of some of the Mexican incidents supplied by Uriarte, Lozano-himself a 
pilot and parachutist-declared his bafflement:

“I don’t have an explanation for the ‘thing’ that is seen in the video. It is 
clear that it is some kind of human form, but this is not a parachutist, this 
is not a rocket belt or jet pack, and this is not a craft that is known around 
here . . . my rocket belt only flies for thirty seconds. No other rocket belt 
in the world can fly for more than thirty seconds.”

As Uriarte and Reichmuth confirm, the UFH objects were recorded on 
video flying for much longer than any human-designed rocket belt. “UFHs 
have been observed and videotaped flying effortlessly at well over 300 feet 
high [and] flew totally silently, as opposed to the 150 decibels produced 
by rocket belts,” they point out. “If alien in origin, are these some sort of 
flexible kinds of individual transport? What could these objects do that 
good old-fashioned flying discs cannot do as well?”29 How prescient. To 
the best of my knowledge, neither Uriarte nor Reichmuth were aware of 
the Amicizia saga. Mass Contacts was not published (in English, at least) 
until 2007. And they were certainly unaware of the following, which is 
published here for the first time.

Stefano claims that “overalls” are capable even of transporting an occupant
 to another planet-at least in our solar system-and related to me 
how one of his friends had once visited Mars, allegedly discovering that the 
temperature was less cold than, and the percentage of oxygen well above, 
that which is officially stated.

“GIANTS ON THE EARTH”
To return to the W56 aliens, the gigantic Dimpietro had rented a small 
house owned by an elderly woman in the country near Forlimpopoli, at that 
time a small village some thirty kilometers north of Rimini. He liked to 
cook his own meals and, by way of relaxation at night, sometimes played 
his violin (which he had made himself) in the grounds surrounding the 
house! “Think how small the violin would be for a 3.5 meter-tall man!” 
remarked Bruno Sammaciccia.30 Indeed. As a violinist myself, I surmise 
that, given his proportionately larger hands, the instrument he made must 
have been larger than our full-size instruments-possibly the size of a viola. 
Dimpietro refused to be disturbed during such periods.

Bruno had been asked by Dimpietro to rent a large car for him and 
remove the front seat so he could sit directly on the floor. On one amusing 
occasion in 1957, Bruno invited Dimpietro to his flat in Milan. Before being 
introduced to Bruno’s wife, Dimpietro tactfully sat on the floor to avoid 
alarming her. “When this happened,” explained Bruno, “my wife had just 
come home after her shopping, found this incredible being seated on the 
floor of our kitchen, got frightened and ran into the bedroom, locking 
the door behind her. I had told her about our friends, but she had never 
met any of them. At the time, I was walking in the neighbourhood with 
my dog Dik, and deciding to return home, I looked for the caretaker to 
let me into the building, but he was nowhere to be seen. So I rang the bell 
at the intercom, and my wife Alessandra opened the door.

“As I entered my flat, Alessandra told me that there was ‘somebody’ 
in the kitchen; Dik had already gone there himself. When I entered the 
kitchen, I found Dimpietro seated on the floor and Dik sitting beside him. 
My wife, still terrified, [returned] to the bedroom. Dimpietro remained 
seated, without uttering a word. Then he got up, his head just touching the 
ceiling. ‘How will we talk to each other?’ I asked him, ‘with a megaphone?’ 
‘That’s why I sat on the floor,’ he replied. ‘So sit down again,’ I said, which 
he did. ‘Your wife is terrified of me, but do I look as though I would terrify 
anyone?’ ‘It’s not that. . . . She knows you’re a man from another world, 
and she’s very upset.’”

Dimpietro  asked  for  a  cigarette.  Bruno  offered  him  one,  but  it  was 
declined.  “These  are  for  children,”  he  complained.  “Downstairs,  you’ll 
find a car parked just in front of your building; here are the keys. Do not 
get upset when you see that there’s no driver’s seat, because I need to sit 
directly on the floor of the car. You’ll find some cigars inside the glove 
compartment.” Bruno found four cigar boxes, and returned with one of 
them.

“Call your wife in,” said Dimpietro. “We have to calm her down and convince
her that I’m not aggressive.” Alessandra returned to the kitchen, still 
nervous. Hands shaking, she made some napoletana coffee, with Dimpietro 
ensuring she knew how to prepare it properly and to serve him without 
sugar in a larger cup than the others. Next he made himself a frittata (a 
kind of Italian omelette). “We offered him some bread,” said Bruno, “but he 
refused, because he said he wasn’t yet accustomed to our bread. Instead, 
he asked for some wine. In my kitchen was some white wine, and I knew 
that he drank only red, so I phoned a nearby grocer and in a few minutes 
we had a bottle of Corvo di Salaparuta [a fine Sicilian wine].”

“Would you allow me to drink directly from the bottle?” asked Dimpi-
etro. “I’m used to doing it this way. If you like, I’ll pour some wine into a 
couple of glasses for you, and then I’ll drink from the bottle.” He drank the 
rest of the wine in three mouthfuls. Bruno asked if this could be harmful. 
“No,” came the reply, “you must understand that it is not the quantity that 
hurts, but the quality.”

After another smoke, it was time for Dimpietro to leave. “He knelt on 
the floor,” said Bruno, “embraced my wife with great delicacy (she was 
still a bit upset because of that unusual dinner), and told her: ‘Remember, 
I do not eat women, I only eat peppers, pasta, and some sweets at times. 
. . .’ He kissed her on the forehead. It was a strange vision, I can assure 
you, looking at this extremely tall man, kneeling on the floor and trying 
to calm down my poor wife.

“It was three o’clock in the morning, and he had to drive the car, parked 
in the street. Luckily it was night, and nobody was around: of course, he 
couldn’t use the elevators, so Dimpietro, Dik and I went downstairs, with 
great care. He opened the car door, and as there was no driver’s seat he 
entered just as if going to bed, sat on the floor and finally forced his legs on 
both sides of the steering wheel. ‘Do you have any problem with the pedals?’ 
I asked him. ‘Not at all; if necessary, I can use my hands to operate them.’
“He started the engine and began to move. I asked him, ‘Do you know 
the way?’ ‘I know every street, even the alleys,’ he answered, and sped 
away.”31

What if Dimpietro had been stopped by the police? And surely individuals
as tall as Dimpietro, “Mr. Kenio” (see photo section), and other colleagues
would stick out in a crowd? Apparently not. Stefano related to me 
several instances where some of his friends had been shocked to see these 
particular aliens mingling in crowds-yet no one else even noticed them.
Regarding  the  height  of  Mr.  Kenio,  according  to  a  study  by  Teresa 
Barbatelli of the photograph-based on estimated measurements of the 
nearby pine needles at the time and some railings in the background and 
other factors-he was about 3.07 meters (10 feet) tall.32 The original photo, 
taken circa 1976 by Bruno Sammaciccia at the large villa in Montesilvano 
built under instruction from the W56s, Stefano told me, belongs to a Swiss 
person who keeps it in a bank security vault.

Our attitude toward aliens is determined by preconceptions in assessing 
their appearance, origins, and motives. We balk at the idea of aliens as tall 
as three meters or more. But there have even been very tall Earthmen, the 
current tallest being Xi Shun of Inner Mongolia, at 2.36 meters (7 feet, 8.95 
inches) in 2005.33 And if the Book of Genesis is to be believed, “There were 
giants on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when the sons of God 
came in to the daughters of men and they bore children to them. . . .” 34 Is it 
possible that the giants were the same species as the W56s?

In 1959, Leon B. Visse, an expert on histones-proteins connected with 
cellular genetic material-was invited to a compound (almost certainly the 
Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory) at Wright-Patterson Air Force 
Base, Dayton, Ohio. Here he was asked to perform an experiment on the 
histonic weight of some particular cells. An astonishingly low weight-far 
lower than human cells-was found. Visse then was escorted into a room 
where the corpses of two seven-foot-plus humanoids lay, evidently having 
been killed in an accident. They had high and broad foreheads and very 
long blond hair, Jean-Charles Fumoux relates. The eyes slanted upward, 
giving them an Asiatic look. The nose and mouth were small, the lips thin 
and perfectly delineated. “Despite slight differences in their facial appearances, 
the two humanoids looked like twins.”

The  bodies  had  been  preserved  in  formalin  but  remained  perfectly 
white,  apparently  lacking  the  (melanin)  granules  which  cause  normal 
human beings to tan in strong sunlight. Their very light blue eyes looked 
no different from normal, reported Visse. The hands were human-like if 
slender, while their feet were absolutely flat, with small toes.35

Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), New Mexico, which specializes
in High Science, has a visiting scholar program, especially in fields 
such  as  physics  and  the  theoretical  sciences.  I  have  learned  that  in  the 
1960s,  a  visiting  scholar  attended  meetings  seemingly  wearing  nothing 
more than a white lab coat. He was nine feet tall, with very blond hair and 
blue eyes, and seemed very secretive. (The lab coat apparently wasn’t sufficient
 to cover his private parts!) While visiting, he lived at LANL under 
considerable security. “Everyone was told he was a Russian physicist and 
that explained his peculiarity and the security,” I learned, “but those few 
lab scientists that met him whispered between themselves that he was not 
even human. . . . One day the visiting scholar was simply gone.” And in 
1988–89, what were described as “a bunch of Russians”-about nine feet 
tall with blond hair-had moved into a forty-unit apartment complex at the 
LANL. Whoever these guys were, it’s unlikely they originated from Russia.
In the autumn of 1999, a man and his wife hiking in New Mexico’s 
Santa Fe National Forest encountered a nine-foot-tall, extremely blond-
haired man walking toward them-stark naked. “He seemed to float over 
the ground as he strode along and walked right past them, within a foot 
or so, with his head down, not saying a word. They turned in amazement, 
and after twenty or thirty feet he stopped and turned around to look at 
them. They took off up the trail, not looking back again.”36 In both these 
instances, the apparent lack of embarrassment at appearing either near- or 
stark-naked appears to be shared by the W56 aliens.

A  Dayton,  Ohio-based  reporter  related  to  me  an  intriguing  case 
revealed to him by an officer serving at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
who admitted that while working at the Medical Center as a radiologist, 
evaluating X-ray scans of patients as part of his job, he came across some 
extraordinary abnormalities displayed in one particular scan of a patient’s 
spine. The officer was struck by its symmetry and flawlessness. “I mean 
that normal spines have all sorts of flaws, nodules, bends, and twists,” he 
explained. “This spine was absolutely perfect.” The officer tracked down 
its owner and learned that he held the rank of major, was over six feet 
tall, blond-haired, blue-eyed, with perfect proportions, a ramrod-straight 
posture, and he “looked to be taken from a page about the Aryan master 
race.”37 The reporter contacted me because he thought there might be a 
connection with the reference in my previous book to the U.S. Air Force 
Space Command list of “Non-Terrestrial Officers,” discovered by the well-
known hacker Gary McKinnon.38

A CHILEAN COMPONENT
In 1999–2000, Chilean National TV produced two one-hour segments 
on  the  Amicizia  case.  Antonio  Huneeus,  Chile’s  leading  civilian  UFO 
researcher (now living in America), has enlightened me regarding an Ami-
cizia group of aliens who are said to have established a base on Friendship 
Island, off the country’s south coast. “I worked on that series as the journalistic
producer for all their American segments, although I was not involved 
in the Chilean cases,” Antonio pointed out. “It was a very high quality and 
serious production. I do believe there was something to the case. . . .

“The main witness who claims there was an alien base on the Friendship 
island was a well-known radio broadcaster (Oscar de la Fuente, I believe) 
who was terminally ill and claims he was miraculously healed in the base. 
He told his story in detail in the TV program.

“The  producers  of  the  show  got  the  support  of  the  Chilean  Navy 
and searched for the island. They eventually located what they believed 
to be the island but didn’t find any traces of an alien base. There was 
also  the  allegation  of  a  mysterious  ship  called Mytilus,  which  would 
transport people to the island and was not registered with the Navy 
as required by Chilean law. That part of southern Chile with literally 
hundreds of small islands would provide a perfect site for an alien base 
since it’s so remote.”39

ENTER THE CTRs - AND UTIs
One of the many problems associated with-and to their credit acknowledged
by-those  involved  with  the  W56  group  is  the  alleged  conflict 
between the W56s and a large group of aliens aiming to dominate Earth-
the so-called “CTRs,” named after the Italian word contrari (“enemies”). In 
conversation with one of the W56s at the Zanarini coffeehouse in Bologna 
in 1967, Stefano was informed as follows:

“The CTRs are the result of an experiment [by W56] that has run out of 
control. They are robots, in the full meaning of this word, even if centuries 
ago they [began] biological reproduction. To you, at this point, it’s no longer 
possible to discriminate between a natural being and a biological robot 
. . . you would agree that a synthesized human body, with a conscience 
and a will imposed from outside upon a pre-existing amorphous structure, 
might be called a robot.”

The man went on to explain that he and his colleagues, however, were 
able to determine such a distinction. “We do not consider this situation as 
a war, because no war can exist between natural [and artificial] beings.”40 
“The reason the CTRs are here,” Stefano told me, “is to study us because 
they understand that there is a difference between them and us. They were 
created-I don’t know where-and distributed in the universe. They want 
to understand how to cover the gap between themselves and us. . . .”41

The CTRs-encountered by Stefano and his colleagues on a number 
of  occasions-created  divisions  within  Amicizia.  On  several  occasions, 
for  example,  doppelgänger  of  some  of  the  participants  supposedly  were 
“produced” to sow confusion and dissension among the group. Some-
including Bruno Ghibaudi-even left the group, no longer able to cope 
with the situation. “Our colleagues were not able to adhere to the teachings
of our friends, and our group started to disintegrate,” explained Bruno 
Sammaciccia. “The CTRs, little by little, were seizing the opportunity, 
altering documents, changing memories, even wiping out somebody’s 
memories . . . as easily as if they were showing a movie.” 42

Discrediting of participants-supposedly initiated by the CTRs-was 
rife. Owing to his wealth, apparently, Bruno Sammaciccia was once falsely 
accused of having swindled an elderly couple of money. The case came to 
court and Bruno was convicted. He appealed the sentence, however, and 
in December 2000 was proclaimed totally innocent of all charges.43

In November 1978, the whole central part of the Adriatic Sea erupted, 
as  confirmed  in  numerous  contemporary  news  reports  (some  of  which 
are reproduced in the book). “It lasted a full couple of months,” Stefano 
reported.  “Huge  columns  of  water  tens  of  meters  high  suddenly  arose; 
unprecedented  waves  and  strange  lights  were  seen  at  night,  and  both 
civilian  and  military  radars  got  unexplained  echoes.”  One  fishing  boat 
sank inexplicably, with the loss of two fishermen, though they had not died 
from drowning. “The results of the autopsies conducted on their bodies 
were never released, and fishing activity stopped almost completely. In the 
meantime, over land and sea, hundreds of UFOs and their occupants were 
seen by all kinds of people, from policemen to farmers.”44 What on earth 
was happening?

Far beneath the seabed along this stretch of the Adriatic lay one of the 
W56’s larger bases, at a depth of about twelve miles from the surface. Paolo Di 
Girolamo writes as follows: “The CTRs were able to enter and destroy most 
of the W56’s bases [with casualties on both sides], including the largest one, 
which stretched from Ortona to Rimini, and from the center of the Adriatic 
to the center of Italy . . . the W56s themselves had forecast: ‘You’ll see waters 
rising [and] boiling over the place where we have built our big base.’”45

Stefano was skeptical about the reasons for this scenario. “Officially, 
there had been a terrible battle between the CTRs and the W56s,” he told 
me. “The latter said they had been defeated and went away, promising that 
they would return at the beginning of the new century. That’s the official 
version. My opinion is that, on the contrary, it was false information in 
order to justify their interruption of the contact with Bruno and his group. 
Because, actually, they never went away. . . .”46

Stefano related to me two experiences he had while flying in aircraft, the 
first of which occurred near L’Aquila on May 17, 1981 (entered in his pilot’s 
logbook, which I examined). “I was piloting a C-Falke-70 powered glider, 
registration I-IMAD, at an altitude of about a thousand meters above the 
ground, when a fast-flying disc, stone-colored, flew below my starboard 
wing, generating a great deal of turbulence. My starboard wing went up, 
the nose went up-and I was in an incipient spin. Probably for structural 
reasons, that aircraft could not do a spin. So I applied full power, full right 
rudder, pushed the stick forward, and the aircraft got back to normal. But 
all the way back to L’Aquila I continued to be in strong turbulence.”

Usually, UFOs do not affect the atmosphere in this way, therefore Stefano 
believes the craft was based on aerodynamic principles. However, there have 
been occasions when severe turbulence and other disturbing effects have been 
encountered by planes confronted with craft of non-aerodynamic shape, 
such as those reported in Ireland in 2004.47

Stefano’s other experience occurred in 1997-as a passenger. “At that 
time,” he told me, “I was working in Córdoba, Argentina, so typically was 
flying from Rome to Madrid, then Madrid to Buenos Aires, and from 
there to Córdoba. On that occasion in 1997, I was flying in a Boeing 747, 
which I knew to be an old plane. As managing director of my company, I 
was flying First Class. We were probably in the mid-Atlantic, when all of 
a sudden there was a sudden movement of the aircraft-not turbulence-as 
though something was wrong. At the time, I was listening to some classical 
music. Then ‘Sigis’-one of the aliens I had known-announced via the 
headphones, ‘Don’t worry. We have the situation under control.’

“When we landed at Buenos Aires the next morning, as we disembarked 
from the plane I noticed on the port wing that a panel-about 3  3 feet-
was missing on the upper side. I guessed it was metal fatigue, but normally, 
had that been the case, all the other panels would have gone too-the 
corrupted airflow should have taken away the other panels, depriving 
the wing of lift. But it was just that one. That means they were looking 
after me. So, you see, they never went away. . . .”48

To further confuse the issue, according to Bruno Sammaciccia there was 
yet another group of ETs operating during this period, which he called the 
“UTI.” “I don’t know what he meant with those initials,” Stefano writes 
in his treatise, “but UTI was a group in a way on a higher level than the 
W56s and CTRs, whose activities they were supervising, taking action 
when they believed that one of the two groups was going beyond certain 
limits. Once, the UTIs reproached the W56s for something they’d done, 
and Bruno was seen weeping because he couldn’t accept that his friends had 
been reprimanded.” According to Stefano, an Austrian general he knew 
was among those in regular contact with the UTIs.49

PHYSIOGNOMY, CLOTHING, AND CUSTOMS
“From a physiological point of view, the [W56s] are roughly identical to 
us,” Bruno learned:

“They breathe oxygen, though they need a slightly higher percentage 
than we do. Most of the oxides in our atmosphere are poisonous to them, 
[so] they take some substances that enable them to safely metabolize those 
oxides. Their blood is identical to ours, has the same color, only there are 
many more proteins. . . . The main difference consists in their liver, which 
changes its dimensions and functions according to the environment. Acting 
like a sponge, when its services are not required it atrophies to the size of 
a fist. When they live here on Earth, their liver is very active and works 
as a filter for the toxins they receive in our environment. Their legs and 
arms are very strong [and] their brain is somewhat larger than ours, but 
they maintain that this doesn’t necessarily imply that they are more intelligent
 than us.”

Most of the aliens with whom Bruno liaised had blond hair, and a few, 
black with a blueish tinge. Hair and eyelashes were thicker than ours, and 
some of the men sported stiff beards. “Their eyes are gray, blue, and some 
black with a blueish hue. . . . Their hands are slim, just like their bodies, 
with long fingers ending in nails that are some four or five millimeters 
longer than ours.”50

The W56 aliens do not use water to clean themselves. According to 
Bruno, they enter a kind of unit in which they are engulfed in “vibrations,” 
resulting in foam that exudes from their body, rendering them totally clean. 
“Their suits are living entities that adapt themselves to the body they cover.” 
“This is a strictly personal process,” Stefano points out; “one cannot wear 
the clothes of someone else.” Once a month, the suits are “purified” within 
a peculiar machine for a few minutes.51 Defecation apparently occurs only 
once a week.

They slept only two or three hours a night. Dimpietro-and probably 
others like him who claimed to have spent several centuries on Earth-
slept for longer.52

Mating is the same as on Earth, though apparently they often use a form of 
artificial insemination and the child is born in a special device.53 (According 
to Stefano and others, they are totally compatible in this respect: some have 
even interbred with Earth humans.) Directly over their skin, a very tight 
overall was worn, a “second skin” intended to protect their body against 
adverse temperatures, while also eliminating bodily impurities and preventing 
toxins from reaching their skin, Bruno learned. Over this “skin” they wore a 
one-piece suit, tight at the neck, wrists, and ankles, ending with shoes that 
formed part of the suit, and soles some five centimeters thick. These suits 
were colored, usually in every hue of gray, green, red, and blue, sometimes 
white, with a rigid collar often bordered with pale orange on the neck. They 
seemed to attach importance to the color of their clothes: when making 
important decisions, for example, they would wear translucent, almost pearl-
colored suits with “moving” colors (perhaps similar to “shot” silk?).54

No government, as such, exists. Neither do the W56s possess a formal 
civil code; as a highly developed people, they know instinctively how to 
behave. “Our formalities are unknown to them. They do not have lawyers, 
courts, or the like,” Bruno explains. “To them, doing evil is plain absurd: 
they cannot lie; they cannot hurt anybody, nor anything.”55 According to 
Stefano, however, in some circumstances killing can be justified. “One 
of the W56s once told me that it is not fundamentally evil to kill a man 
(within certain contexts),” he says.56

As  for  their  religious  attitudes,  Bruno  (the  Catholic  scholar)  reports 
that they see “God” in everything, from the smallest insect to the cosmos. 
“Their religion is not as full of rituals as are ours: to them, it is just a deep 
feeling,” he writes.57 Stefano believes their creed is similar to that of classical
  yoga  philosophy.  I  concur.  Having  read  numerous  books  on  these 
matters since my student days, I have always been particularly drawn to 
this philosophy.58 “Although respecting whatever creed of our planet,” wrote 
Stefano, “the W56s maintained that there is no need for rituals, worship, 
or asking for grace. God is within us. . . .”59

The  W56s  speak  a  wide  variety  of  our  languages  and  are  adept  in 
numerous dialects. The man interviewed on tape by Stefano in Bologna, for 
example, was fluent in Chinese, English, German, Hindi, Italian, Latin, 
Russian, and Sanskrit.60

Regarding Sanskrit, Stefano gave me some splendid examples of references
to “cosmic vehicles” and “space ships” in the Ŗgveda SamhitŖ, including 
the following:

“O twin-leaders, your objective is clear; you have thrown open the routes 
of space. The pilots of your space ship have harnessed engines for your 
onward journey, the engines that take you safely . . . without accidents. 
Both of you have been conveniently seated in your richly decorated three-
shafted craft, going along a direct path through space.”61

Many of Stefano’s experiences and projects were shared with his friend 
Giancarlo, the accountant mentioned earlier. But the lengthy contacts took 
their toll. Eventually Stefano terminated his participation with the W56s, 
as it began to impact on his professional career. “You cannot live a quiet 
life when you are regularly meeting aliens!” he explained to me. “And after 
forty years I decided to quit.”62

In edition to the material cited in this summary, Mass Contacts features 
an interesting foreword by Roberto Pinotti, one of Europe’s leading investigators.
Though not directly involved with the W56s, he became aware 
that something exotic was going on in 1969, while studying political science 
at the University of Florence. At the time he was also general secretary of 
Centro Ufologico Nazionale, a leading Italian group. He learned from his 
professor that an underground alien base existed near Pescara, information 
acquired from important and well-connected sources.63

In Mass Contacts, Stefano Breccia also includes a very interesting background
history relating to various extraordinary individuals, including George 
Washington, who over the centuries seem to have been inspired by advanced 
beings from elsewhere. He also writes about some of the post-World War II 
contactees, such as George Adamski, Truman Bethurum, Dan Fry, and George 
Hunt Williamson, and devotes about ninety pages to the so-called “Ummo” 
affair. The latter is a complex and sometimes seemingly ridiculous saga beginning
in 1965, when hundreds of physicists, engineers, biologists, astronomers, 
and selected people all over the world interested in the subject (including Ste-
fano) began receiving strange letters from these people, individually typed, in 
many different languages, though primarily in Spanish. The information and 
diagrams covered mostly scientific and technical aspects of their craft, plus 
aspects of their culture and language-and much else besides.

Like a number of other researchers, I remain skeptical about the “Ummites,” 
though I retain an open mind. Stefano shares my skepticism about many 
aspects. However, he describes personal experiences in Mass Contacts that 
tend to suggest that-like the W56s-something quite extraordinary was 
going on, which simply can’t be a hoax (by Earth humans, at least).

With regard to the Amicizia saga, Stefano wisely cautions us not to 
take everything at face value. He was concerned, for example, when the 
W56s requested some of their contacts (including himself) to bring them 
certain potentially harmful substances related to their technology. As Hans 
explains:

“They use a lot of mercury in most of their applications, so that Earthlings
trying to [duplicate] their technology had to cope with this metal: hor-
resco referens, a device based on a nitrogen plasma generator, with mercury 
pipes, that became solid thanks to a liquid air envelope . . . mercury is an 
expensive substance, not readily found in great quantities, moreover a toxic 
substance. We have also been working with asbestos and radioactive compounds
such as radium, barium-strontium niobate and with hyper-voltage 
generators (beyond one mega-volt), so we were used to being careful.”64

“Who knows if there is anyone who actually [understands] the knowledge
of what Amicizia has meant, in toto?” asks Stefano. “Who knows 
how many persons, all over Central Europe, are acquainted with it? . . . 
Too many have died during this period, even those foreign to it; too many 
people went mad, and too many have ruined their lives.”65

Recently, in delving through one of my files containing correspondence 
between George Adamski and his Swiss representative Louise “Lou” Zins-
stag, by happenstance I chanced on an Amicizia connection. “I want you to 
know what a singular experience I had during a short visit to Italy,” Lou wrote 
to Adamski in July 1962. “A very good journalist named Bruno Ghibaudi 
wrote a whole series of articles in one paper, publishing all kinds of intriguing 
contact stories and also photos from other people. Among them were those 
of a young artist, Gaspare De Lama, from Milano, which were so interesting 
that I wrote to him. My Italian being rather poor, I asked a friend of mine, 
Curt Zäch, to accompany me to De Lama. We met him, his wife, and his 
mother. They are very sincere and trustworthy people; poor but of good 
breeding, well educated and hospitable. . . . De Lama tells an amazing story. 
He forbade me to write to anybody about it except you.

“His first question was regarding your pamphlet on the spaceships being 
useful in case of cosmic wars. He had heard this from Alberto Perego through 
a friend, but was not sure. When I confirmed it and said that [Adamski] took 
this seriously, he murmured: ‘I knew that Adamski is no fool. . . .’

“He then proceeded to show us his photos. This man has been able to 
photograph saucers since February 1962, in seven series, one of them in 
color: ‘A friend of mine pilots them and sometimes lets me know when 
they’re coming and where I can take pictures. He is an Italian like me, 
called Franco. He works with people from another galaxy. These people 
have subterranean bases here on Earth. . . .’

“I asked him why his space friends were here and why they hid under the 
Earth. ‘In the first place, they explained that they are kind of like military 
people and would have to hide everywhere. They are not here to make war 
on us, they came to fight-not with weapons-a bad race who came to this 
planet some time ago in order to force us to make war with each other. . . .’
“He himself has not yet had any contact. But Franco gave him some 
letters written by space people. They look most intriguing [though] did not 
much resemble the ‘letter’ from Venus which you showed me here in Basle 
[see p. 113]. I was all the more astonished when De Lama added (almost 
with your own words): ‘You see, those signs are whole sentences. Such a 
letter may contain the contents of a whole book. . . .’”

In Alien Base, I alluded to the testimony of Ghibaudi, citing a series of 
photographs he had taken of alien craft on the shores of the Adriatic coast 
in Pescara in April 1961, one of which shows a bizarre-looking craft with 
what appear to be “wings” and “fins” set at a non-aerodynamically high 
dihedral angle (see photo section). A respected science journalist, Ghibaudi 
was a familiar figure on Italian television and radio at the time, specializing 
mostly in aerospace matters. Later that year, he was introduced to several 
of the W56 aliens, with witnesses present. They explained that although 
nuclear weapons remained one of the principal reasons for their increased 
presence, there were other reasons he was forbidden from disclosing (the 
alleged conflict with the CTRs undoubtedly being one, I would assume).
Ghibaudi learned that the aliens’ reluctance to reveal themselves more 
openly was based not only on the danger that would ensue from public 
panic, but that their open appearance among Earth people would inevitably 
lead to negative comparisons.

“Do not let us forget,” he pointed out, “that between their science and 
ours there is a gap of thousands of years, and for this reason an ‘official’ 
mass descent of space beings from other planets would inevitably bring 
about comparisons between their worlds and ours [and] there are cosmic 
laws which prevent the more evolved races from interfering, beyond certain 
limits, in the evolution and development of the more backward races. . . .”66


============================================================================
CHAPTER FOURTEEN. ALTERNATIVE SPACECRAFT

Early  one  evening  in  November  1950,  eighteen-year-old  William 
“Blackie” Raulerson and his schoolmate Tommy Brown were hunting 
on north Merritt Island, west of Cape Canaveral, Florida. Suddenly, 
they heard a “noise winding up like a turbine” emanating from the southeast
. Raulerson told Florida Today reporter Billy Cox that a “radial wing” 
aircraft approached slowly from about two miles away until it was directly 
overhead, some sixty feet off the ground. He estimated that it was about 
ninety to a hundred feet in diameter.

Behind the aircraft’s twelve- to fourteen-foot-high windows of blueish 
tinted glass could be seen “about a twenty-eight-foot-long console cabinet 
with instrumentation,” Raulerson recalled, as well as six human-appearing 
crew members, wearing “light blue-looking flight suits with square, black 
collars, about six inches [high].” The crewman he saw most clearly had 
“reddish blond hair-it looked like a crew-cut,” he told Cox. The vehicle 
“glowed”  from  the  inside,  but  had  no  running  lights:  the  only  exterior 
light was “a fourteen-inch diameter hole on the bottom that was this solid, 
flaming red. But there was no exhaust coming from it.”

The encounter lasted about four minutes. “Then it took off real fast, 
to the northeast,” said Raulerson. “There’s not a day goes by that I don’t 
think about what I saw.” Sixty-five years old when he gave this interview 
in 1997, he was then the owner of two light aircraft and had been a pilot 
for forty years.

“What makes Raulerson’s tale a bit different from the rest,” Billy Cox 
points out, “is its location-north Merritt Island, just west of modern-
day Kennedy Space Center, roughly four months after the United States 
entered the rocket era with ignition of the Bumper sequence from the 
Cape.”1 That was in July 1950. Although Launch Pads 1 to 4 were then 
barely  under  construction  at  Cape  Canaveral,  the  Army  scheduled 
launches  of  two  modified  German  V-2  Bumper  rockets  as  first  stage 
and a “Without Any Control” (WAC)-Corporal rocket as second stage.2 
The space program was under way. And it was constantly monitored by 
beings from elsewhere.

Raulerson’s early description of a red-haired alien is supported by the 
testimony of others, such as the Native American friend of Carl Anderson 
(Chapter 7) and by Apolinar (Paul) Villa (also Chapter 7), who had encounters
 with aliens in the 1950s and 1960s. In June 1963, for example, he 
witnessed the landing of a large disc in New Mexico from which emerged 
four men and five women, ranging in height from seven to nine feet. Some 
had red hair.3

In December 1959, Omar Bowley, of Cocoa, worked as a blockhouse 
and pad inspector for Northrop, mainly during the Snark rocket tests. “Off 
duty, having pulled over in his car to watch a late-night launch not far 
from pads 3 and 4,” reports Billy Cox, “Bowley watched as three glowing 
objects-‘with edges slanted like pie plates and if you turned one upside 
down  on  top  of  the  other’-descended  upon  the  launch  area  from  the 
north.” As Bowley reports:

“They were in a triangle formation, one in the lead, two in back. They 
were off-white in color, I guess, and absolutely noiseless. It was astounding. 
When the rocket launched, the first one turned over on its side in a vertical 
position and followed it, then the second vehicle followed, then the third, 
in single file. One was near the front, another was near the middle, and the 
other was near the back end. They all went out of sight together.

“There was one other fella pulled over at the time. He was in a Jeep, 
sort of a mustard color. I remember he looked at me and said, ‘You didn’t 
see anything at all, nothing occurred here. If you say anything, you’ll be in 
deep trouble.’ So I didn’t say anything. But I never forgot it. . . .”4

CLANDESTINE RENDEZVOUS?
In June 1967, NASA’s John F. Kennedy Space Center issued an ambiguously 
worded management instruction from Director Kurt H. Debus-applicable
to all organizational elements-to “establish procedures for handling 
reports of sightings of objects such as fragments or component parts of 
space vehicles known or alleged by an observer to have impacted the earth’s 
surface. . . . Included are reports of sightings of objects not related to space 
vehicles.” Under Definitions (a) and (b), the latter specifies “Unidentified 
Flying Objects.” Procedures for handling reports included the instruction: 
“Under no circumstances will the origin of the object be discussed with 
the observer. . . .” UFO reports per se were to be reported to Patrick Air 
Force Base (Florida) Command Post.5

In late December 1967, Jim Oglesby lived in Orlando, Florida, working as 
a clerk in the machine shop at the Bendix Corporation Launch Support and 
Logistics Office Modules at the Kennedy Space Center. His brother-in-law, 
Jon Baker, had invited him to join his family for New Year’s Eve weekend 
celebrations at their mobile home in Bithlo, eighteen miles east of Orlando. 
On the early evening of December 30, Jon and Jim were chatting in the 
kitchen while the family watched a classic Christmas movie in the living 
room. “Suddenly, a flash of amber light reflected through the kitchen window 
that faced east,” Jim reports in his book. “I reached around and flung wide the 
front door, my heart pounding, as I expected to see a meteor hit the ground.
“Instead, my attention was drawn to an amber basketball-sized swirling 
mass, suspended in midair less than a hundred feet above and east of the 
mobile home. At first glance, I thought [it] might have been the phenomenon
 [known] as ball-lightning. . . . The mysterious anomaly maintained 
the estimated hundred-feet distance; however, just before it vanished, its 
amber color illuminated the upper round structure, the underside, and the 
lower outer rim of a pewter metallic craft that measured perhaps forty-
five to fifty feet in diameter. The unknown craft glided soundlessly as it 
banked and headed due east, and vanished.” Both Jon and Jim’s sister also 
witnessed this event.
At  one  point,  a  beam  of  deep-red  cone-shaped  light  emanated  from 
beneath the craft, tracing the ground as it continued eastward. “The red 
beam winked out, then on, then off again,” Jim continues. “I concluded 
that whether remote-controlled or piloted by an occupant, the craft was 
under intelligent control and beyond our technology. Then a pattern of 
flashing red lights appeared where the red beam had just winked out, just 
above the shadowy tree line that lined up within the two poles that flanked 
the driveway.

“I stood in amazement as I watched the configuration of flashing red 
lights rotate in a 6-5-4-3-2-1, 1-2-3-4-5-6 pattern around the outer perimeter
 of a solid structure. Moments later, a second craft with an identical 
band of flashing red lights that flashed to and fro around the craft’s middle, 
floated  in  from  the  left  and  glided  alongside  its  companion.  Now,  the 
flashing red lights that rotated back and forth around the middle of each 
unidentified craft did not conform to any terrestrial navigational protocol 
that I had ever observed on aircraft before.

“Both craft hung there in the air just above the tree line; then the craft 
on the left rose and, on cue, the second one descended. Then the twosome 
reversed the process and, in one harmonious rhythmic motion, both craft 
floated and swayed back and forth (like leaves caught on the wind), as they 
dropped below the dark topography.

“As both ships descended, the frequency of the red lights increased back 
and forth in a horizontal pattern around the middle of each, and as the 
twosome dropped out of sight there was a moment of awe as I stared out 
there where something most extraordinary had just happened.

“I  was  not  close  enough  to  see  the  saucers  touch  the  ground,  but  I 
watched the flashing red lights through the open space between the stand 
of trees in the distance, until the flashing red lights dropped out of sight. At 
that point, it was speculation if the two unknowns had touched down. . . .”
A  short  while  after,  six  helicopters  (believed  to  have  been  AH-1G 
Huey Cobra’s) “fanned out in an ever-widening circle, their bright beams 
[directed] on the dark terrain below as they moved back and forth above 
the general area for three or four minutes, while two F-106A Delta Dart 
jets [also] flew low over the UFO targets’ area. . . . After a brief scan of 
the area, the choppers resumed single-file formation and headed back in 
the east-south-east direction of their original approach. The jets banked, 
came back for another pass before heading back in the same direction as 
the choppers. . . .

“Two ships from parts unknown had apparently landed on the ground 
and possibly were still there! Why call off jets and choppers right in the 
middle of their special task-force operation? The answer would become 
clearer,  but  for  the  time  being  common-sense  stated  that  either  they 
found nothing upon arriving at the ‘hotspot’ and called back to base, or 
the pilots were ordered back to base whether they located and/or identified
 the craft(s) or not. . . . At my urgent request, Jon and I hopped into 
his pickup and took to the back roads and the general area where the 
incredible incident had just happened. Although this was Jon’s neighborhood
, driving blindly through unfamiliar territories turned out to be a 
futile effort.” The two were forced to give up the search and head back 
for home.6

Back at the mobile home, Jim remained on the porch from where the 
observations had been made, anxiously awaiting any further developments. 
“From 7:10 to 7:20 p.m., Saturday evening December 30 until 1:50 a.m., 
New Year’s Eve,” he reports, “I stood in one spot, my attention riveted out 
there, waiting.

“At 1:50 a.m. one of the craft began rising from the area that had harbored
 it for the best part of six hours [sic] . . . the flashing red lights that 
circled the lone ship’s outer perimeter moved faster and faster in the 6-5-
4-3-2-1, 1-2-3-4-5-6 sequence as it climbed steadily above the dark terrain 
below. Then the ship shot straight up, paused, accelerated to a greater height 
until [its] outer structure transformed into a glowing white magnificent 
craft [which] shot straight up again, paused, then accelerated in one final 
ascending burst of speed, covering a vast distance. . . .”

At this moment, a fiery object could be seen rising from the ground 
above the Atlantic Ocean: coincidentally, a Minuteman II missile had just 
been launched from its underground silo at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
As if in response, the strange craft “zipped to the right, [then] to the 
left, performed a vertical Z-pattern all in one continuous flowing streak 
of light, [then] drew near the cone section of the fast-rising missile, [then] 
streaked off to the south and vanished.”7
During Easter 1968, Jim read an article in a special edition section of 
the Orlando Sentinel entitled “UFO tracks Minuteman Missile over Cape 
Canaveral,”  written  by  Dick  Young.  Unfortunately  he  lost  track  of  the 
newspaper. Several years later he researched microfilm at both the Sentinel 
and Orlando Public Libraries’ system main branch. The newspaper was 
intact, with the exception of the special edition-of course.8

In 1968, further sightings occurred in the same general vicinity. On February
 17, Jim approached an intense flashing blue light which appeared to 
be reflecting off the metallic surface of a disc, as well as “patches of a deep 
glowing red.” He then perceived “an aerodynamic structured craft perhaps 
fifty to sixty feet end to end, with each end tapered down and expanded 
to fifteen to twenty feet in height at its center.

“It had not occurred to me at the time that the glowing red that encircled 
the strange-looking sleek object might have been a ‘force-field.’ As I stood 
there just staring at the glowing aura, the hair on the back of my head literally
 stood on end. While the adrenaline soared through my body, I pivoted 
my body around and tried to walk away from the remote probe and the 
unknown ship, but I could not bring myself to take another step, [though 
shortly] I managed to force one foot in front of the other and made my way 
back to the car with considerable effort.”

It was now a little over half an hour since Jim first observed the craft. 
On his way home along State Road 420, he caught sight of a glowing red 
cigar-shaped object as it floated up from a field and glided alongside the 
car, paused, tilted upward, then vanished into the sky.9

At sundown the following day, Jim’s brother Gary showed up at the 
former’s  residence  in  Orlando,  and  the  two  drove  off  in  Jim’s  car  to 
the corner of State Road 420 and Fort Christmas Road, in search of more 
strange craft. “We stood there for several minutes, and the FBL appeared 
in the same location as it had done the previous night-the flashing light 
reflected off the dark metallic surface,” Jim reported. “I pointed it out to 
my brother-no response. He just stood there staring at the blue light as 
it dropped silently below the dark tree line deep into the field and west of 
our location.

“I approached the fence, as I had the previous night, and climbed over, 
my brother close behind me. I began walking in the direction where the 
‘small wonder disc’ had just disappeared below the dark topography. Moreover
, like the previous night, while relentless howling winds whipped across 
the field and rattled the clusters of saw palmettos, I ventured a short distance 
and paused, [with] the same feeling I had the previous night. . . . We were 
being watched. My brother must have sensed something too, because he 
seemed ready to bolt.” The men returned to the car and headed for home.10
At around 19:35 the next day, Jim returned to the same observation post. 
As he passed by Lake Louise and rounded a curve, the same, or similar, 
flashing blue light hovered about two hundred feet ahead, then paced the 
car along Fort Christmas Road for a mile or so. Just over a week later, as he 
arrived at the same observation point and at the same time as previously, 
fifteen to twenty cattle were bellowing and running around, terrified, as a 
blue pulsing light hovered above. The light vanished, and moments later a jet 
flew fast and low over the area, then made another pass before heading away.11
On March 4, 1968, about two hundred yards southeast of the previous 
area, a B-52 bomber appeared above the tree line. As it headed west, a 
brilliant flash of light emitted from its underside, illuminating the terrain 
below.  “The  bright  cone-shaped  lights  flashed  twelve  times  in  three-
sequence increments,” Jim believes. Presumably, photographs were being 
taken.

The following night, at the same location, a car driven by a man with 
a woman beside him pulled up alongside Jim. The man asked Jim what 
he was doing out there. “Do you believe in flying saucers?” retorted Jim. 
The woman snickered, but the man sat there silently. “I pointed in the 
general area where I had watched a B-52 rise above the tree line over there 
[pointing], and I thought the crew had taken pictures of something on 
the ground. . . .”

“The area you’re talking about is the Canada Ranch, where I live,” the 
man volunteered. “I’m Ben Canada.” And at that moment, the Air Force 
B-52 appeared again above the tree line. Again, brilliant flashes of light 
illuminated the ground in the same sequence.

Jim asked Canada if he’d been missing any cattle recently. “Come to 
think of it,” he responded, “last week I found a young heifer, a healthy 
animal, standing out in the middle of the pasture. How she managed to 
get out of the high, well-built pen that I had her in that night was beyond 
my comprehension.” He added that large numbers of animals had recently 
been unaccounted for, and that many farmers and ranchers from the area 
and the St. Cloud area had had meetings with the Cattlemen’s Association 
to try and solve the problem, without success.12

On the evening of March 20, 1968, Jim felt compelled to go outside-
“drawn”  to  the  front  of  his  mobile  home.  A  disc,  roughly  two  feet  in 
diameter, was hovering outside the living room windows.

“A flashing blue light emitted from a thin rod atop the disc, perhaps 
an  eighth  of  an  inch  in  circumference,  two  or  three  inches  long,  and 
positioned near the outer edge of the probe. The blue light pulsed at a 
slow steady rhythmic rate, and the flashing rate reflected off the disc’s 
dull burnished metallic surface. . . . Suddenly, the disc shot away and out 
of sight [and then] reappeared to the right of the cypress trees behind 
the trailer and headed in a northeast direction until I lost sight of it.”13

Six  days  later,  while  visiting  his  parents  in  Orlando,  Jim  was  struck 
suddenly with a bad headache and a simultaneous compulsion to leave the 
house. He got in his car, heading for a 7-Eleven store to get some pain-
killers. On returning to the car, he heard his full name called out, loud and 
clear-in similar vein to the communications reported by Carl Anderson 
(Chapter 7).

“A case could be made that I was ‘hearing voices,’ the skeptic might say,” 
Jim acknowledges, “but I know the difference between hearing voices in 
my head and having my name come through in a clear audible tone. . . . I 
headed east on Virginia Avenue, all the while wondering what was going 
on, [then] realized the headache had stopped. Moments later, I rolled to a 
stop at the Bumby Avenue and East Colonial Drive intersection [and] felt 
compelled to look out the window and up. The remote disc hovered above 
the traffic signal, its signature blue light flashing with a steady rhythm. 
I turned right and twenty minutes later turned left onto State Road 419 
[and] spotted the disc as it glided along above the field [and] began moving 
slowly until it disappeared into the stand of trees that it had vanished into 
on March 18.”14

One of the most interesting events occurred during the night of September
 15 that year. Jim, together with his mother Naomi, niece Michelle, 
and Bendix electrician Larry Kelly and a friend, were standing by the big 
metal gate at the usual observation post when an amber cone-shaped beam 
of light appeared a hundred feet above the orange grove. “I proceeded to 
run as fast as I could through the sandy open lane that extended north 
through the middle of the grove,” said Jim. “Moments later, Larry and 
his friend had caught up with me. I took off, running west over the white 
sandy trail. . . . Suddenly, I stumbled headlong into a pile of cast-off tree 
debris, [followed by] Larry and his friend.”

By now, Jim’s eyes had adjusted to the darkness. Fifteen yards away 
could  be  seen  the  faint  outline  of  a  cigar-shaped  craft  which  “blended 
almost seamlessly into the dark terrain. Faint phosphor-green patches of 
light flickered and danced around the ship’s midsection.” An eerie stillness 
permeated  the  immediate  surroundings  and  a  “strange  energy”  seemed 
to emanate from the hovering craft. “I was ready to bolt-then vehicle 
headlights unexpectedly illuminated the darkness.” The dark blue or black 
vehicle headed toward the craft.

“I turned and ran as fast as I could toward the big gate. I could hear 
Larry and his friend right behind me running as fast as they could to keep 
up with me and put as much distance behind them and what they too had 
observed. . . . My mom and niece obviously sensed that something was not 
right and both headed for their car.”

Jim speculates that the dark sedan driver was most likely a government, 
military, or NASA official sent to rendezvous with the spacecraft in “a 
sparsely populated nondescript dot on the map named Bithlo. . . . During 
the  Apollo  program,  the  ETI  [extra-terrestrial  intelligence]  took  full 
advantage of the perfect meeting place, situated between the back end of 
fenced-in orange groves, with ‘No Trespassing’ signs and near the shoreline 
of a pristine kidney-shaped body of water named Lake Pickett. . . . After 
each meeting, the human officials and ET emissary/emissaries had exited 
the open wire gate west of the main gate, turned right, driven several miles, 
intersected with Highway 50, another left turn, and from there proceeded 
to their destination-the Cape and/or Kennedy Space Center. . . .

“Whatever ‘agreements’ have been made between the extraterrestrial 
intelligence and United States Government and NASA officials, we may 
never know. The fact that ‘agreements’ did take place is known, and surely 
the extraterrestrials waited and watched from a distance as the historic 
lunar event unfolded on July 20, 1969, as Neil Alden Armstrong and Edwin 
Eugene Aldrin, Jr. became the first humans to land on the Moon. . . .”15

APOLLO 11
In Apollo 11: The Untold Story, a British documentary first shown in July 
2006,  “Buzz”  Aldrin  revealed  that  their  spacecraft  had  encountered  a 
UFO during its flight to the Moon. “There was something out there that 
was close enough to be observed, and what could it be?” he began. “Mike 
[Collins] decided he thought he could see it in the telescope [and] when 
you made it real sharp it was sort of bell-shaped. . . .

“Obviously the three of us were not going to blurt out, ‘Hey, Houston, 
we’ve got something moving alongside of us. . . . Can you tell us what it 
is?’ We weren’t about to do that, because we knew that those transmissions 
would be heard by all sorts of people and, who knows, somebody would 
have demanded we turn back because of aliens, or whatever the reason. 
. . .” The event remains unexplained, as confirmed by Dr. David Baker, 
Apollo 11 Senior Scientist.16

I happened to be touring the USA with the London Symphony Orchestra 
at the time and, together with my colleagues, sat spellbound as we watched 
the live transmission in Chicago. I recall hearing one of the astronauts 
refer at some point to a “light” in or near a crater during the transmission. 
According to an Associated Press report, the astronauts sighted strange 
lights inside a crater near the point where their lunar lander was due to 
touch down the next day. On their first orbit around the Moon, Armstrong 
described a mysterious bright light on the inner wall of the crater Aristarchus
, located north of their flight path. “It seems to have a slight amount 
of fluorescence to it. The area in the crater is quite bright,” he reported to 
Houston. “That area is definitely brighter than anything else I can see,” 
confirmed Aldrin. “There doesn’t appear to be any color involved in it. It 
looks like an eerie sight [site?].”17

Two former NASA employees, Otto Binder and Maurice Chatelain (the 
latter a former chief of NASA communication systems), confirmed that 
Apollo 11 encountered “other” landed spacecraft on the Moon.

“These  babies  are  huge,  sir  .  .  .  enormous,”  Mission  Control  was 
informed by the astronauts, according to Binder’s sources. “Oh, God, you 
EARTH

wouldn’t believe it! I’m telling you there are other spacecraft out there . . . 
lined up on the far side of the crater edge.”18

The Soviets were the first to publicly confirm the incident. Physicist Dr. 
Vladimir Azhazha, a professor of mathematics at Moscow University, stated 
that Neil Armstrong relayed a message to Mission Control that “two large, 
mysterious objects were watching them after having landed near the lunar 
module.” This and related messages were censored by NASA. Another 
Soviet scientist, Dr. Aleksandr Kazentsev, claimed that Buzz Aldrin had 
taken color movie film of the spacecraft from inside the module, and continued
 filming them after he and Armstrong went outside. The alien craft 
departed shortly thereafter.19

All  the  original  Apollo  film  material  is  located  in  NASA’s  Film 
Archive  (Building  8),  located  in  the  Johnson  Space  Center  (JSC), 
Houston. In 1970–71, Donna Hare worked for Philco-Ford, a NASA 
contractor, in the photo lab at Building 8 and in different areas of the 
company, both on- and off-site. On one occasion, she told Steven Greer’s 
Disclosure Project, she entered a restricted area of the lab (she held a 
Secret clearance) unrelated to her work with Philco-Ford. A friend there 
directed  her  attention  to  a  mosaic  of  photographs  taken  from  a  high 
altitude-possibly via satellite.

“In one of the photo panels I saw a round white dot,” she related. “And 
I said to him, ‘What is that-a dot on the emulsion?’ And then he’s grinning
 and says that dots on the emulsion don’t leave shadows on the ground. 
And there was a round shadow at the correct angle with the sun shining on 
the trees. . . . I was pretty startled because I had worked out there several 
years and had never seen anything like this. And I said, ‘Is this a UFO?’ 
And he’s smiling at me and says, ‘I can’t tell you that.’”

The man told her that photos of such objects were always airbrushed 
out prior to being distributed publicly.

From another employee at JSC, Donna Hare learned that some of the 
astronauts who wanted to talk about their experiences with UFOs had 
been threatened and coerced into signing statements agreeing not to do 
so, on penalty of losing their retirement pay. “One gentleman that I knew 
very well was in quarantine with the [Apollo] astronauts [following their 
return from the Moon]. He said that just about every one of them had seen 
things when they went to the Moon. In fact, one said that craft were on 
the Moon at the time of the landing [Apollo 11?].”

Hare also met a security guard who claimed that one day some soldiers 
in fatigues had ordered him to “burn a lot of UFO pictures.” Although 
forced not to look at them, he was tempted to glance at one, showing a 
UFO on the ground. “Shortly thereafter,” Hare reports, “he was hit on the 
head with a gun butt, and he still had the scar on his forehead.”20

In Inside the Space Ships, George Adamski describes his second flight 
in a spaceship in 1953, during which he was shown parts of the Moon. 
“In some of these places, there was still a very small growth of vegeta-
tion perceptible,” he commented. “Part of the surface looked fine and 
powdery. . . .”  21 Which is precisely how Neil Armstrong described it 
during his first steps on the Moon in July 1969: “The surface is fine 
and powdery.”

During  another  flight  to  the  Moon,  in  August  1954,  Adamski  was 
shown (through a viewing screen) parts of the other side, featuring a tem-
perate section which included a number of thickly timbered mountains, as 
well as lakes, rivers, vegetation, and even a city.22 Though these claims were 
ridiculed at the time, photographs of the other side taken by Apollo 8 and 
10, for example, clearly show what looks like moss, or vegetation of some 
sort. I purchased a large print from Hasselblad of the Schmidt crater (taken 
from Apollo 10) which displays a pronounced dark green surrounding the 
crater-itself a mixture of white, fawn, and pink colored areas.

In Above Top Secret, I cited the testimony of a friend of mine who had 
participated in a NASA conference in Italy in June 1984, during which she 
learned from Neil Armstrong that “other” spacecraft were on the Moon 
when they landed. At the time, I was not permitted to include either the 
name of my source nor many other details. However, since she passed away 
a number of years ago, I am now able to do so.

My source was Pamela Handford, who had served with Britain’s Secret 
Intelligence  Service  (MI6).  I  once  asked  about  her  background  in  the 
clandestine organization. “Bearing in mind that I am still firmly bound by 
the Official Secrets Act,” she explained, “all I can tell you is that I trained 
with the School of Military Intelligence, in those days at Maresfield Park, 
and did my parachute training with the London 21st. I was trained for the 
Russian front, learned Russian, and came under MI6’s umbrella. Because 
of the sensitivity of the field work, I can tell you nothing more. . . .”23

The NASA conference was held at several venues, including the old 
castle Maschio Angioino in Naples and the Europa Palace Hotel in Ana-
capri.  Some  astronauts  attending  were  staying  at  the  Vittoria  Excelsior 
Hotel in Sorrento, Pamela said. Her impromptu presentation was entitled 
“Man: An Extraterrestrial Experiment.”

“It was only a very short stop-gap, and I probably scribbled the gist of 
it on a piece of hotel writing-paper,” she explained. It so happened that 
Pamela’s suite (Room 131) adjoined that of Neil Armstrong (Room 132). 
At one point during the conference, Pamela overheard a conversation in 
the next room between Armstrong and a Professor Herbert Schwartz, the 
gist of which went as follows:

schwartz:  What really happened out there with Apollo 11?

armstrong:  It was incredible-of course we had always known there was a 
possibility-the fact is, Herb, we were warned off. There was 
never any question of our building a space station or a Moon city.

schwartz:  How do you mean, “warned off”?

armstrong:  I can’t go into details, except to say that their ships were 
far  superior  to  ours,  both  in  size  and  technology.  Boy, 
were they big-and menacing. No, there is no question 
of a space station.

schwartz:  But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11.

armstrong:  Naturally, NASA was committed at that time and couldn’t 
risk a panic on Earth. But it really was a quick trip and back 
again. . . .

At a cocktail party later that day, Pamela confronted Armstrong. He 
confirmed that the story was true but refused to go into further detail, 
beyond admitting that the Central Intelligence Agency was behind the 
cover-up. Officially, however, he denies the incident. “There were no objects 
reported, found, or seen on Apollo 11 or any other Apollo flight other than 
of natural origin,” he told me.24

In 1995, I asked Pamela if she still stood by her claim. “Yes, Tim,” she 
replied, “I still stand by the Armstrong report. Like Martin Luther, ‘I can 
do no other,’ perfectly placed as I was in the next suite-and in the light 
of the cover-up the United States still has in place, it surprises me not that 
Neil Armstrong denies it.”

Pamela added that, according to her information, since the early 1960s 
“the States has had contact with a superior extra-terrestrial planet.”25

I made four requests to NASA for details of this conference. The first 
person with whom I communicated politely explained that she had been 
unsuccessful in accessing any information. No replies were forthcoming 
from my additional three requests (via a different NASA inquiries Web 
site). However, my girlfriend tracked down online the proof that a conference
had taken place. The Journal of Space Law for the relevant period 
reviews the “International Symposium on Space Lab held in Naples and 
Capri from 11–16 June 1984,” noting that “The Second Forum was held in 
the Europe Palace Hotel in beautiful Anacapri and dealt with the utilization
and the legal/economic aspects of space systems.” Unfortunately, other 
than mentioning the participation of the European Space Agency (ESA) 
and NASA, none of the contributors is listed.26

Thus forearmed, I sent a Freedom of Information Act request asking 
NASA for details of the speakers. They eventually responded by citing 
several library sources, one being the Canada Institute for Scientific & 
Technical Information, from which I purchased a copy of “Earth-oriented 
Applications of Space Technology,” listing many of the attendees at the 
Second Forum only.27 No mention is made of Buzz Aldrin, Neil Armstrong, 
Professor Herbert Schwartz, or Pamela Handford.

SPACE DEFENSE
According to Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso, the intelligence officer 
who headed the U.S. Army’s Foreign Technology Division at the Pentagon,  
in  1961  NASA  “agreed  to  cooperate  with  military  planners  to 
work a ‘second-tier’ space program [which was] covered up by the civilian 
scientific missions. They agreed to open up a confidential ‘back-channel’ 
communications link to military intelligence regarding any hostile activities 
conducted by the [aliens] against our spacecraft. . . .

“What NASA didn’t tell military intelligence, of course, was that they 
already had an even more classified back channel to [former CIA director] 
Hillenkoetter’s working group and were keeping them updated on every 
single alien spacecraft appearance the astronauts reported, especially during 
the early series of Apollo flights when the [alien] craft began buzzing the 
lunar  modules  on  successive  missions  after  they  thrusted  out  of  earth 
orbit. Even though military intelligence was kept out of the operational 
loop between NASA and the working group, I and a few others still had 
contacts  in  the  civilian  intelligence  community  that  kept  us  informed. 
And the Army and Air Force managed to find at least 122 photos taken 
by astronauts on the moon that showed some evidence of an alien presence
. It was a startling find and was one of many reasons that the Reagan 
administration pushed so hard for the Space Defense Initiative in 1981.”28
The Hon. Paul Hellyer, former Canadian Minister of Defence under 
Prime Minister Lester Pearson and Deputy Prime Minister under Pierre 
Trudeau, found Corso’s book so compelling that he decided to check its 
credibility with a retired American general. “Every word of it is true, and 
more,” responded the general. “We then spent twenty minutes discussing 
the ‘and more,’ to the extent that he could without revealing classified material,” 
Hellyer confirms in his latest book. “He told me that there had been, 
in fact, face-to-face discussions between the visitors and U.S. officials. . . .”29
In 2004, President George W. Bush announced his “Vision for Space 
Exploration,” calling for humans to return to the Moon by the end of the 
next decade.30 The plan was canceled in 2010 by President Barack Obama, 
citing cost and danger.31

In 2006, the Bush administration stated its intention to dominate space, 
rejecting any new treaties that would limit the United States’ extraterrestrial 
activities, warning that it would oppose any nations that tried to get in its 
way. A policy statement signed by Bush asserted that, in its own national 
interests, the U.S. had the right to conduct whatever research, development, 
and “other activities” in space were deemed necessary. As journalist Andrew 
Buncombe  commented,  “When  proposals  to  ban  the  weaponization  of 
space have been put forward at the [United Nations], the United States 
has routinely abstained. But last October [2005], the U.S. voted against a 
U.N. resolution calling for the banning of weapons in space.”32

GORDON COOPER
In early 1978, NASA issued an information sheet by way of response to 
inquiries directed to the White House as well as NASA on UFOs. “NASA 
is the focal point for answering public inquiries to the White House,” it 
begins.  “NASA  is  not  engaged  in  a  research  program  involving  these 
phenomena, nor is any other government agency. Reports of unidentified 
objects entering United States air space are of interest to the military as a 
regular part of defense surveillance. Beyond that, the U.S. Air Force no 
longer investigates reports of UFO sightings.”33

In his autobiography Leap of Faith, astronaut Gordon Cooper describes 
the landing of a flying disc at Edwards Air Force Base on May 3, 1957. 
At the time, Cooper was assigned as test pilot and manager, with top-secret 
clearance, to the Fighter Section, Experimental Flight Test Engineering 
Division, and he recounts that his camera crew came running in to tell him 
what had just occurred:

“They told me they had just finished their work when the saucer flew 
over them, hovered over the ground, extended three landing gears, then set 
down about fifty yards away. They described the saucer as metallic silver 
in color and shaped somewhat like an inverted plate. . . . They said they 
had shot images with 35-mm and 4-by-5 still cameras, as well as motion 
picture film. When they had tried to approach the saucer to get a closer 
shot, they said it lifted up, retracted its gear, and climbed straight out of 
sight at a rapid rate of speed-again with no sound. They estimated the 
craft to be about thirty feet across. . . .”34

On July 14, 1978, Cooper attended a meeting of the Special Political 
Committee,  United  Nations  General  Assembly,  in  Miami,  chaired  by 
Secretary-General  Kurt  Waldheim,  specifically  to  discuss  the  UFO 
question, following repeated requests by Sir Eric Gairy, Prime Minister 
of Grenada, for a full debate. Later that year, Cooper wrote a letter to 
Ambassador Griffith, Mission of Grenada to the U.N., setting out his 
position, prior to the debate, which was held in the General Assembly on 
November 27 that year:

“I believe that these extra-terrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting 
this planet from other planets, which obviously are a little more technically 
advanced than we are here on earth. I feel that we need to have a top-level, 
coordinated program to scientifically collect and analyze data from all over 
the earth [and] to determine how best to interface with these visitors in a 
friendly fashion. . . . I have not yet had the privilege of flying a UFO, nor 
of meeting the crew of one.”

He went on to add that, while serving with the Air Force in Germany in 
1951, he had “two days of observations of many flights of them, of different 
sizes, flying in fighter formation . . . over Europe. They were at a higher 
altitude than we could reach with our jet fighters of that time.” In referring
 to astronauts, Cooper revealed that “There are several of us who do 
believe in UFOs and who have had occasion to see a UFO on the ground, 
or from an airplane. There was only one occasion from space which may 
have been a UFO.”35

Gordon Cooper was more forthcoming in a recorded interview in New 
York five years earlier. “I myself have encountered some of their craft while 
flying in space,” he told a reporter. “NASA knows this and the American 
government knows it too. Yet they continue to keep their silence, probably 
in order to avoid confusing the public.” He went on:

“For many years I have lived with a secret, in a secrecy imposed on all 
specialists in astronautics. I can now reveal that every day, in the USA, our 
radars capture objects of a form and composition unknown to us. . . . I was 
furthermore a witness to an extraordinary phenomenon [that] happened a 
few months ago in Florida. I saw with my own eyes a defined area of ground 
being consumed by fire with four indentations left by a [craft] which had 
descended in the middle of a field. Beings had left the craft-there were other 
traces to prove this. They seemed to have studied the topography; they had 
collected soil fragments and eventually returned to wherever they had come 
from, disappearing with enormous speed. I happen to know that the authorities
 did just about everything to keep this incident from the press and TV. . . .
“Flying  saucers  are  a  reality-I  won’t  stop  repeating  this,”  Cooper 
concluded.  “The  public  must  be  prepared  to  make  contact  with  people 
who, sooner or later, will be compelled to interfere. The salvation of us 
all depends on it.”36 During my correspondence with Cooper, he neither 
confirmed nor denied the statements contained in this interview.

I am intrigued by Cooper’s remark in his letter to Ambassador Griffith: 
“I have not yet had the privilege of flying a UFO.” A few years ago, a 
respected  colleague  informed  me  that,  following  the  U.N.  meetings, 
Cooper had vented his frustration at the seemingly invincible task of convincing
 U.N. delegates of alien reality. What would it take, he said to the 
researcher-a landed flying saucer? He went on to claim that he had been in 
a position to actually pilot a flying disc and land it himself. An outrageous 
claim to be sure. Yet from a few other reliable sources I have learned that a 
number of astronauts and pilots-not exclusively in the United States-have 
flown alien and/or replicated alien vehicles, as we shall learn later.

COSMIC JOURNEY
In Alien Contact, I discussed at length the official plan by the U.S. government
, NASA, Rockwell International, and other organizations for a 
space-related traveling exhibition, to include five to six thousand square 
feet of UFO-related materials. A synopsis is warranted here.

In 1989 I had been approached by Robert Kirchgessner, director of a 
special group associated with Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey 
International, who had invited me to become the “Official Consultant on 
UFO Research” to the Special Development Group. A personal meeting 
in Orlando, Florida, was a prerequisite. We agreed on a date-October 
12. However, although I was on a research trip in Gulf Breeze, Florida, 
at the time, difficulties with airline schedules arose and to my everlasting 
regret-as it transpired-I was obliged to cancel the appointment.

On my return to the U.K., Kirchgessner explained that the project had 
reached a critical stage. Could I recommend someone else? I didn’t hesitate 
to name my friend Bob Oechsler (pronounced “X-ler”), a former NASA 
engineer who had worked on the Space Shuttle arm at the Goddard Space 
Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. As it transpired, the Cosmic Journey 
exhibition was to include a mock-up of the shuttle. Perhaps also owing to 
his background in the Air Force, Bob turned out to be the right man for 
the job: he had joined in 1968, serving mostly with the American Forces 
Radio and Television Service in the continental United States. During the 
Vietnam War he served in Cambodia, Laos, and Thailand, during which 
period some of his work required top-secret clearance, when each month 
he was flown by helicopter into the demilitarized zone (DMZ) to film 
classified prototype weapons systems. On returning to the U.S., he spent 
a year and a half at Wright-Patterson AFB.

Bob’s meetings with the Special Development Group took place in 
Orlando  on  November  1  and  2,  1989.  After  signing  a  non-disclosure 
agreement, he was briefed on the project. “Cosmic Journey,” as it was 
called, would be a review of, and a future look at, the space programs of 
the United States and the Soviet Union. The board of advisers included 
former astronauts Alan Bean, Eugene Cernan, Charles Conrad, Alexei 
Leonov, and Thomas Stafford. The project had the approval of President
 George Bush, Vice President Dan Quayle, and the National Space 
Council. The latter was chaired by the vice president and included the 
Director of Central Intelligence, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary 
of Defense.

With the co-operation of NASA and Rockwell International, the exhibition
 was to include a full-scale mock-up of the Shuttle, a 15,000-square-
foot “space camp,” representations of alien life-forms, and, I was told, a 
“post-show exhibit of five or six thousand square feet on UFOs.” Additionally
, the program was to involve a tri-level educational curriculum for 
twenty-five thousand schools in the United States, due to commence on 
New Year’s Day 1990.37

On November 13, 1989, Bob reported to the Pentagon for a meeting 
with Thomas P. Stafford, Lieutenant General, USAF (Ret.). A former 
fighter pilot (who flew F-86D Sabre jets among others), he later became 
an astronaut, piloting Gemini VI for the first rendezvous in space and 
commanding Gemini IX. He was also the commander of Apollo 10 in 
May 1969, the first flight of the lunar module, performing the first rendezvous
  around  the  Moon  and  the  entire  lunar  landing  mission,  apart 
from the actual landing itself. He logged his fourth space flight as Apollo 
commander of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project mission, July 15–24, 1975, a 
joint space flight culminating in the historic first meeting in space between 
American astronauts and Soviet cosmonauts.38

Stafford turned out to be the intelligence community contact for Cosmic 
Journey. Following some bizarre sensations generated by an unusual type 
of detector at the security check, Bob proceeded to the general’s office, 
accompanied by a guard. Stafford discussed exhibits for the project, asking 
Bob where he planned to obtain material for the kiosks to show UFO case 
histories and photographs. Stafford indicated that NASA and the CIA’s 
National Photographic Interpretation Center (NPIC) would be good places 
to start.

“One of the more intriguing elements of the discussion,” Bob told me, 
“involved an exhibit showing an alien/ET corpse.

“As a reference, the general showed me an eight-by-ten-inch color photo 
of what appeared to be an alien in a cryogenic tank; a space-age-looking 
coffin with blue tube lighting inside the clear lexan cover. . . . It was difficult 
to see too much in the way of detail, so it’s virtually impossible to know if 
this was real, and the general didn’t enlighten me. . . . It looked like one 
of the so-called ‘gray’ types, but the chin was much more sharply pointed 
than is usually described. I could see evidence of the ‘bug’ eyes, but there 
was a sort of covering over them. . . .”

The general seemed to be concerned about using the real thing versus a 
mock-up, querying Bob about his thoughts on public perception. Bob suggested
 that displaying a companion autopsy report with color photographs 
might lend credibility. The possible exhibition of an actual alien corpse 
was proposed quite seriously. “As a matter of fact,” Bob added, “I got the 
impression they had a lot of bodies to choose from! The general also had 
the same concerns about showing a real, versus a mock-up, craft, [and] I 
suggested that the real thing would be preferable if on-board access for the 
public could be achieved.

“The other primary areas of discussion involved my robotics experience 
and the minor role that I had played in the development of the space shuttle 
arm, which was initially designed to provide life support to astronauts and 
a diagnostic instrument for repairing satellites in orbit.”39

Bob had expected further contact with General Stafford, but none was 
forthcoming, probably related to the fact that funds for the project apparently
 stalled. In late 1996, I invited Stafford and his wife Linda to drinks 
and dinner at his hotel in London. It was a great privilege listening to this 
modest pioneer as he answered my questions about the flight to the Moon 
in Apollo 10 in May 1969. Naturally, at one point during the meal, I asked 
about Bob Oechsler’s claim to have met him in the Pentagon back in 1991. 
“Bob who?” he expostulated. He denied having met him or even having 
had an office in the Pentagon at that time.40

For  a  while,  I  believed  Stafford.  However,  a  combination  of  several 
circumstances, including Bob’s unwavering insistence that he had indeed 
been invited for a meeting with Stafford in the Pentagon, caused me to 
change my mind.

During the second week of January 1990, Bob was billeted at NASA 
Ellington Field (also known as Ellington Air Force Base), near the Johnson 
Space Center in Houston, where he was asked to assist in reconfiguring the 
movements of the shuttle arm from a zero-gravity environment to that of 
ordinary gravity, according to the project’s requirements. But first, he told me, 
he was required to become accustomed to how it worked in “microgravity.” 
Together with some astronauts and engineers, he was flown by helicopter to a 
NASA facility about twenty miles southwest of Ellington, where he changed 
into special clothing in preparation for entry into another room. He stepped 
through a hatch into this other room-and became airborne!

“It was weird, because it’s like the loss of equilibrium and everything,” 
he explained. “Obviously the astronauts had done a lot of training; they 
were so accustomed to it, and they were laughing at me. . . . You learn to 
skip around [and] it takes about fifteen minutes to become accustomed 
to the biomechanics [and] feels almost similar to getting into a pool of 
water-the arms tend to swing out.”

No more than about eight astronauts or engineers worked on a variety 
of projects in the chamber at any one time, Bob told me. The chamber 
measured  about  thirty  feet  long,  twenty  feet  wide,  and  nine  feet  high. 
Recessed in the ceiling was a strange, plasma-like light, which Bob felt was 
responsible for generating microgravity. Everyone was wearing the same 
clothing. “Several of the others I knew, but they really wouldn’t let us talk 
among ourselves. It was pretty much forbidden to talk about anything that 
had to do with what we were doing.”

In January 1990, Bob was invited to visit a North American Aerospace 
Defense Command (NORAD) installation in the Gulf of Mexico. He 
traveled in one of three sleek, black NORAD helicopters. “You couldn’t 
see where the door was until it popped open,” he said. The helicopter was 
relatively quiet, sounding “more like a humming noise.” Bob believes that 
a highly advanced type of propulsion was being utilized, possibly deriving 
from alien technology. In any event, the over-500-mile flight lasted amazingly
 no more than forty-five minutes, a speed well in excess of that of the 
world’s officially fastest helicopter, the Sikorsky X2, which in 2010 reached 
the unofficial speed record of 288 miles per hour in level flight. The X2 
is known as a “compound” helicopter: in addition to two four-blade main 
rotors set one above the other, it also features a “propulsor”-a six-blade 
propeller that produces forward thrust.41

Of related interest, in a 2002/2003 Discovery Wings Channel program 
on the future development of the U.S. Army’s Boeing/Sikorsky RAH-66 
Comanche helicopter, former Director of Army Acquisition Bud Foster 
revealed: “I think Comanche will be flying in 2050. In my opinion it is the 
last pure helicopter the Army will ever develop. We may be into antigravity 
machines after Comanche.”

The black helicopter landed on what looked like an oil-rig platform, possibly
 twenty miles south of Pensacola, Florida. It turned out to be a NORAD 
facility. Bob was taken to a control room with consoles and a huge screen, the 
latter seemingly with a three-dimensional quality and displaying about a third 
or fourth of the southeast quadrant of the United States. “It had altitude to it 
as well, and the entire area was covered with a grid that was moving,” added 
Bob. At one point, a series of “blips” moved across the top part of the screen:
“There were five, as I recall [and] they were labeled, like a typical 
radar screen where blips usually designate aircraft . . . these particular 
ones that were up top were all labeled ASC. They didn’t have any specific
 numbers-just ASC. I overheard someone say, ‘Alternative Space 
Craft.’ And they came down and spread out-all five of them. Two 
immediately went off the screen to the northwest and one came around 
the Gulf ‘horn’ . . . almost as if they were following the shoreline. There 
was one-possibly two, I forget-that stopped what looked like just 
across the border of Florida into Georgia [and] as soon as it stopped, 
it glowed; there was like a red glow that came off of it. I don’t know 
what that meant. . . .”
After about 45 minutes at the NORAD facility, Bob and the others 
were flown back to Ellington.42

Plans for the Cosmic Journey exhibition were temporarily shelved in 
early  1990,  ostensibly  for  budgetary  reasons.  And  the  project  directors 
denied that they ever had any plans to exhibit anything other than mock-
ups of aliens or flying saucers. They also denied that Bob Oechsler was 
ever employed as a consultant. NASA, too, denied that Bob had visited 
the places he said he went to.

On June 5, 1991, I had a brief meeting with astrophysicist Colonel (later 
Brigadier General) Simon “Pete” Worden, at that time Director, Advanced 
Concepts, Science and Technology, National Space Council (NSC), Executive
 Office of the President. The meeting took place in the NSC offices at 
the Old Executive Office Building (now the Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building) adjoining the White House. I asked Worden if he knew anything 
about the fate of the Cosmic Journey project, and if he was aware of any 
plans to include “extraterrestrial hardware” in the exhibition. He replied 
that he knew of no such plans, and that the exhibition had been canceled 
owing to the Spanish government’s withdrawal of its financial support. 
He promised to keep me informed if he learned anything more. I did not 
hear from him again.

In February 1992, I wrote to Vice President Dan Quayle (Chairman 
of the NSC), seeking information on the status of the project, alluding 
to  the  alleged  plans  to  feature  an  extraterrestrial  body  and/or  craft.  I 
received a reply from Jack Schmidt, NASA Exhibits Coordinator. “There 
were plans to have the exhibition at Expo ’92,” he wrote, “but negotiations
 between Feld Productions, Inc. and a group of Spanish investors 
were not successful. At that point further development of the exhibition 
was terminated. . . .”43

A CLANDESTINE SPACE PROGRAM
In October 2010, Simon Worden-as Director, NASA Ames-revealed a 
joint project with DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) 
called the Hundred Year Starship. “The human space program is now really 
aimed at settling other worlds,” he explained. “Twenty years ago you had 
to whisper that in dark bars and get fired.” He went on to mention some 
nearer-term projects that NASA is exploring, not necessarily related to the 
Starship program, one of which was “electric propulsion.”

“Anybody that watches the Star Trek Enterprise, you know you don’t 
see huge plumes of fire,” Worden added. “Within a few years we will see 
the first true prototype of a spaceship that will take us between worlds. 
. . .”44 But as Lockheed Skunk Works genius Ben Rich had declared, 
during a lecture at the UCLA School of Engineering as far back as 1993: 
“We already have the means to travel among the stars.”45

In the late 1980s, the Electric Propulsion Study was conducted by Science
 Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a leading U.S. civil 
and military R&D company, for the Astronautics Laboratory (later part 
of the Phillips Laboratory, currently merged into the Air Force Research 
Laboratory’s Space Vehicles Directorate). The study’s primary objective was 
to “outline physical methods to test theories of inductive coupling between 
electromagnetic  and  gravitational  forces  to  determine  the  feasibility  of 
such methods as they apply to space propulsion.” In simplified terms-an 
antigravity propulsion system.46

In his ground-breaking book Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, physicist Paul 
LaViolette recounts much information acquired from sources knowledgeable 
about Project Skyvault, a highly classified program set up in the early 1950s to 
develop exotic propulsion technology. One of these sources-“Tom”-stated 
that NASA is “essentially a public relations organization or a front that obscures 
Air Force space research.” Tom had served with the Civil Air Patrol (CAP) 
and had been the recipient of the prestigious Michelson Award, as a result of 
which he was selected in 1963 to represent Idaho, together with CAP representatives
 from all the other states, to visit Chanute Air Force Base, Rantoul, 
Illinois. One day, about eight generals appeared onstage in an auditorium for 
a “no holds barred” question-and-answer session. A representative asked about 
U.S. Marine Corps Major Donald E. Keyhoe, who had been censored for his 
pioneering books on UFOs and outspoken comments in the media.

“One of the generals responded that they had a way of taking care of 
people who gave out a little too much information,” LaViolette relates. 
“He said they would use physical injury or whatever was necessary to make 
them shut up, indicating they would kill a person (‘extreme prejudice,’ if 
you will). Someone else started to ask more about UFOs. . . .
“One of the generals said the United States had a defense system in place 
at the time that consisted of a number of satellites, in orbit not only around 
Earth, but also around Mercury, Venus, Mars, and a few other, more distant 
planets they couldn’t talk about. He said the satellites together functioned 
as an early warning system, that they were afraid of the ‘people out there’ 
because  they  didn’t  know  very  much  about  them.  This  satellite  system 
was built to observe three possible sources: missiles that might come from 
the Soviet Union, missiles that might come from China, and intrusions of 
aliens coming in toward Earth.

“Someone asked why the generals were being so candid. According to 
Tom, one responded by saying, ‘If you want, you can go ahead and tell 
people what we’ve told you, but they’re not going to believe you. Besides, if 
you did get anyone to believe you and they came back to ask us, we would 
just deny it. So we have nothing to lose by telling you this.’47

“In the late 1950s NASA was formed to compartmentalize, containerize, 
and sanitize information from all space platforms and vehicles,” claimed 
John Lear to Art Bell in 2003. “We sold NASA to the public, claiming 
that all information would belong to them, but they got very little, and 
even that was highly sanitized.” He added:

“We set up operations in Pine Gap, Australia, to preclude any prying 
eyes  figuring  out  what  we  were  up  to.  We  regularly  ‘eliminated  with 
extreme prejudice’ anybody who was part of the operation and made the 
least little tiny threat about disclosure or dissatisfaction with the operation. 
Any space mission that included Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, Mariner, Voyager
, Clementine, and all the rest, all the data initially came transmitted to 
Pine Gap, then it was relayed to JPL or wherever, after sanitizing. We had 
a little trouble with amateur radio operators, but we figured out how they 
[were able] to intercept these signals [and] managed to deal with that.”48

Paul LaViolette also learned from Tom about rumors indicating that the 
world’s first satellite was launched, not by the Soviet Union in 1957, but by 
the United States in 1948, using a modified V-2 rocket. He also indicated 
that, independent of NASA, the U.S. Air Force has its own shuttle fleet, 
allegedly launched from Johnston Island AFB in the Pacific Ocean (717 
nautical miles, or 823 statute miles, west-southwest of Honolulu). From 
1976 to 1978, while working for the Air Force, Tom learned from a captain 
who had just returned from the island that the United States already had a 
base on the Moon. “The captain said that from looking at the cargo manifest
for one of these shuttle launchings, one could conclude that provisions 
were routinely being shipped out,” reports LaViolette. “This was several 
years after the Apollo program had been terminated, the last Apollo mission
having been completed in December 1972.”49

In  this  connection,  President  Ronald  Reagan  makes  an  intriguing 
observation in his diary entry for June 11, 1985: “. . . Lunch was with five 
top space scientists. It was fascinating. Space truly is the last frontier and 
some of the developments there in astronomy etc. are like science fiction 
except they are real. I learned that our shuttle capacity is such that we could 
orbit 300 people.”50

The  last  space  shuttle  flight  took  place  in  July  2011.  Meanwhile, 
according to an officially approved leak in November 2011, China intends 
to launch up to twenty spacecraft in the next ten years, at a cost of about 
$50 billion. Furthermore, it plans to build orbiting laboratory modules and 
a manned space station. “While the Chinese media and leaders speak with 
one voice about China’s ‘peaceful development in space,’ the U.S. is not so 
sure,” reports British journalist Michael Sheridan, adding that America 
“has no plans for manned space missions following the last space-shuttle 
flight.”51 Which is far from the truth.

In May 2012, the second demonstration mission for NASA’s Commercial
 Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program took place when 
Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon 
spacecraft lifted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. “Today marks 
the beginning of a new era in exploration,” declared NASA Administrator 
Charles Bolden. “A private company has launched a spacecraft to the International
 Space Station [ISS] that will attempt to dock there for the first 
time. . . . Under President Obama’s leadership, the nation is embarking 
upon an ambitious exploration program that will take us farther into space 
than we have ever traveled before.”52 Dragon successfully completed key 
on-orbit  tests-including  docking  with  the  ISS.  SpaceX  aims  to  begin 
sending  astronauts  to  the  space  station  by  2015.  In  the  meantime,  the 
world’s astronauts will rely on Russia’s Soyuz for ISS transport (at a cost 
of $63 million per seat).53
It  is  my  belief  that  U.S.  Air  Force  Space  Command  (AFSPC)  is  in 
charge  of  a  clandestine  space  program.  I  also  remain  convinced  by  the 
claims of Gary McKinnon, arrested in 2002 for having hacked with relative 
ease into numerous classified U.S. military networks-including that of 
AFSPC-searching for information relating to UFOs, for which he long 
faced extradition to the United States (vetoed in 2012 by Britain’s home 
secretary). While studying AFSPC data, Gary uncovered a list of officers’ 
names under the heading “Non-Terrestrial Officers.”

“What I think it means is, not Earth-based,” he explained. “I found a 
list of ‘fleet-to-fleet transfers’ and a list of ship names. I looked them up. 
They weren’t U.S. Navy ships. . . .”54

“On finding the first image on my PC,” Gary told me in 2006, “the 
Earth-or at least a blue and white planet with no continents visible-filled 
two thirds of the screen. Midway between the ‘camera’ and the planet hung 
a cigar-shaped object with geodesic domes above, below, and to the left and 
right. I didn’t see any rivets, seams, or telemetry antennae. . . .”


===========================================================================
CHAPTER FIFTEEN. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER

On returning from the United States to his native Germany in 1959, 
following three years of studying information on alien spacecraft 
supplied by his own and other governments, the outspoken pioneer 
Professor Hermann Oberth revealed to newsmen waiting for him at the 
Frankfurt airport that there was a “world-wide effort to learn how anti-
gravity could be put to use as a form of energy,” adding that he expected 
“men would be traveling to the Moon in electrically driven devices within 
five to ten years.”1

Captain Bill Uhouse served ten years as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Marine 
Corps, then four years with the U.S. Air Force as a civilian at Wright-
Patterson AFB, flight-testing exotic aircraft, including-he claims-flying 
discs. “While I was at Wright-Patterson,” he told Steven Greer’s Disclosure 
Project in 2000, “they had selected several of us, and they reassigned me to 
A-Link Aviation, which was a simulator manufacturer. At that time they 
were building what they called the [Link] C-11B [jet flight trainer] and 
F-102 simulator, B-47 simulator, and so forth. They wanted us to get experienced
 before we actually started work on the flying disc simulator, which 
I spent thirty-some years working on. I don’t think any flying disc simulators
 went into operation until the early 1960s-around 1962 or 1963. . . .

“The simulator that they used was for the extraterrestrial craft they 
had,  which  is  a  thirty-meter  one  that  crashed  in  Kingman,  Arizona, 
back in 1953.2 That’s the first one that they took out to the test flight. 
This ET craft was a controlled craft that the aliens wanted to present 
to our government. It landed about fifteen miles from what used to be 
an Army airbase. But that particular craft, there were some problems 
with-getting it on the flatbed to take it up to Area 51, which was just 
being constructed at the time. They couldn’t get it across the dam because 
of the road. It had to be barged across the Colorado River, then taken up 
Route 93 out to Area 51.

“There were four aliens aboard that thing, and [they] went to Los Alamos 
for testing. They set up Los Alamos with a particular area for those guys, 
and they put certain people in there with them-astrophysicists and general 
scientists-to ask them questions . . . there was only one alien that would 
talk to any of these scientists [and] the rest wouldn’t talk to anybody . . . 
first they thought it was all ESP or telepathy [but] they actually speak-
maybe not like we do-but they speak and converse. But there was only 
one who would.

“The difference between this disc, and other discs that they had looked 
at, was that this one was a much simpler design. The disc simulator didn’t 
have a reactor [but] we had a space in it that looked like the reactor that 
wasn’t the device we operated the simulator with. We operated it with six 
large capacitors that were charged with a million volts each . . . the largest 
capacitors ever built [and] they’d last for thirty minutes, so you could get 
in there and actually work the controls and do what you had to do. . . .

“In the simulator there are no seat belts . . . the same thing with the 
actual craft [because] when you fly one of those things upside down, you 
just don’t feel it [because] you have your own gravitational field right inside 
the craft. . . . There weren’t any windows. The only way we had any visibility
 at all was done with cameras or video-type devices. . . .

“I’m sure our crews have taken these craft out into space [and] it probably 
took a while to train enough of the people, over a sufficient time period. 
. . . The design is so exacting that you can’t add anything-it’s got to be 
just right, [for example] where the center of the craft is, [such as] the fact 
that we raised it three feet so the taller guys could get in. . . .
“I ended up in a meeting with an alien [named] J-Rod-that’s what they 
called him. I don’t know if that was his real name. . . . The alien used to 
come in with [Dr. Edward] Teller and some of the other guys, occasionally
, to handle questions that maybe we’d have. [But] if it wasn’t specific 
for the group, you couldn’t talk about it. It was on a need-to-know basis. 
And [the alien] would talk, but he’d sound just like as if you spoke-he’d 
sound like you. . . . His skin was pinkish, but a little bit rough. . . .

“Over the last forty years or so, not counting the simulators-I’m talking 
about actual craft-there are probably two or three dozen, and various sizes 
that we built. I don’t know much about the [ET] ones that they brought 
here [except] for that one out of Kingman. . . .”3

In Chapter 4, I alluded to President Eisenhower’s several meetings with 
aliens in the 1950s. One of these, in April 1954, had been witnessed by 
a number of people from various walks of life, including Gerald Light of 
Borderland  Sciences  Research  Associates.  Riley  Hansard  Crabb  subsequently
 became director of that organization, which he renamed Borderland 
Sciences  Research  Foundation.  In  the  early  1960s,  Crabb  and  his  wife 
were visiting a fellow researcher in California, with a background in space 
sciences, who showed them a letter offering him an unusual job with an 
engineering firm in the Denver area.

“The date of the letter was August 1961,” Crabb reported, “and it outlined
 a proposal to set up an antigravity research project aimed at building 
flyable hardware using the radical new source of propulsion. This group 
of physicists and engineers were confident they had some sound theory, 
derived in part, as I recall, from the researches of Wilbert B. Smith, the 
late Canadian [government] flying saucer expert; and they also had plenty 
of research money, freed by Congress after President Jack Kennedy’s message
 to that body in May 1961. Our UFO researcher friend declined the 
job offer. I don’t believe he even bothered to reply.

“He was reminded of it four years later, when he attended the Flying 
Saucer convention in Reno, Nevada. While there, he was approached by 
a distraught woman, well dressed and in her mid-fifties, who insisted on 
talking to him in private. It turned out that she was the widow of one of 
the leading engineers in the antigravity project. The group had achieved 
one hundred percent of their objective.
“Theory  was  carried  through  research  and  development  to  where  a 
two-placer was designed, built, disassembled, hauled secretly to a deserted 
spot in the New Orleans area, reassembled, and successfully flown to a 
pre-determined landing site in Florida.

“The widow then told our friend that within two days of the successful 
test  flight  of  the  man-carrying  Flying  Saucer,  all  of  the  leaders  of  the 
group had died violent deaths. Subsequently, several of their widows had 
died under unusual or mysterious circumstances, and she was constantly 
on the move, in fear for her life. In fact, she said, she had been warned by 
a friendly and inebriated government agent-or at least by one who identified
 himself as such-to forget her married name and the fact that such a 
man as her husband had ever existed.”4

An  unlikely  tale?  Perhaps  not.  I  have  previously  cited  a  number  of 
observations reported by qualified personnel of disc-shaped craft being 
test-flown as far back as the 1950s, and also alluded (in Chapter 4) to a 
transfer of alien technology during the Eisenhower administration.

In Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, Paul LaViolette traces the history 
of research into “antigravity,” focusing for example on ground-breaking 
experiments  into  “electrogravitics”  by  the  physicist  Thomas  Townsend 
(“Towny”) Brown, who in 1928 patented his invention of a “gravitator” 
motor. Later, Brown developed further projects, and there is evidence that 
he was involved with other top scientists in the highly classified so-called 
“Philadelphia Experiment” in 1943.5

“In an effort to secure government funding,” LaViolette reports, “Brown 
wrote a proposal in 1952 urging the Navy to initiate a highly secret project 
to develop a manned flying saucer as the basis of an interceptor with Mach 
3 capability and proposed that this might follow along the same lines as 
the Manhattan [Engineering] District Project, which developed the atomic 
bomb.  .  .  .  This  confidential  January  1953  submittal  was  code-named 
Project Winterhaven.” And in 1960 he produced a report titled “Electro-
hydro dynamics,” proposing a vertical takeoff aero-marine vehicle powered 
by a high-voltage “flame-jet generator.”6 The design is remarkably similar 
to that of George Adamski’s iconic “scoutcraft.” Interestingly, Adamski 
himself was averse to the expression “antigravity.” In his final book, published
 in 1961, he wrote that “many writers have referred to ‘antigravity’ 
devices, and in our scientific researches the idea has been introduced that 
gravity can be wrestled to a standstill. This is not an efficient approach.

“Space ships that today are visiting our world from other planets operate 
on a ‘pro-gravitic’ principle, using the natural forces instead of attempting 
to fight them. Since these ships operate on electrostatic power, it would be 
useless for them to fight the geomagnetic forces, since Earth’s geomagnetic 
field alone has an electrical potential of billions of volts. . . .

“A flying saucer, or ‘pro-gravitic’ craft, operates by generating its own 
gravitational  field,  which  surrounds  it  in  a  generally  spherical  pattern. 
This field is adjusted to resonate, or blend in harmony with the planet’s 
geomagnetic field. The resonating gravitational field causes the ship to be 
weightless. In this weightless or balanced condition, the ship, wherever 
it may be, can be moved by a relatively slight thrust. . . . Within its self-
generated pro-gravitic field, the saucer can travel at a rate exceeding the 
speed of light!”7

A privately owned London-based aviation intelligence firm, Aviation 
Studies (International), evidently took Brown’s efforts seriously. And in 
an edition of their Aviation Report in October 1954, the company, citing 
Brown’s Winterhaven project proposal, indicated that the Pentagon was 
on  the  verge  of  funding  the  development  of  electrogravitic  aircraft.8 
LaViolette adduces numerous other examples proving that such craft were 
literally taking shape. In another Aviation Report (December 9, 1955), it 
was stated that companies studying the implications of gravitics included 
Glenn  Martin,  Convair,  Sperry-Rand,  Sikorsky,  Bell,  Lear  Inc.,  and 
Clarke Electronics. And in an article two months later, Aviation Report 
quotes Glenn Martin as alleging that “gravity control could be achieved 
in six years,” but that it would necessitate a type of highly classified effort 
along  the  lines  of  the  Manhattan  Engineering  District  Project.  The 
report also confirmed that research was also being conducted in Britain, 
Canada, France, Germany, and Sweden. One year later, Aviation Studies 
confirmed that “Electrostatic discs can provide lift without speed . . . and 
a program in hand may now ensure that development of large-sized discs 
will be continued.”9

“In secret studies and laboratories of the mighty of this world,” reported 
Adamski  to  his  co-workers,  following  his  return  from  a  world  tour  in 
1959, “it is already quite well known how to make use of certain sources 
of free energy; for instance, canceling gravity, devices for creating electro-
static magnetism, etc. They already have models for antigravity cars and 
antigravity-propelled objects in disc form. But none of these methods for 
application of a kind of free energy must be revealed to the public, because 
such a society in possession of these advanced methods would soon escape 
from economic control.”

Coincidently, LaViolette points out that, around 1959, openness about 
gravity technology programs decreased substantially.10 Since that period, 
it has remained among the most highly classified, so-called “deep black” 
Special Access Programs (SAPs). Periodically, however, witnesses come 
forward who have observed test flights of highly advanced craft.

A CANADIAN DISC
Also in 1959, the Avro VZ-9AV Avrocar, a disc-shaped, jet-propelled 
vehicle designed by John Frost and built by A. V. Roe Ltd. of Canada, was 
first “flown.” It was powered by three Continental J69 engines driving a 
central fan which provided “a peripheral air curtain and ground cushion 
for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) operation.”11 Following unsuccessful
 trial hovering flights, the program was canceled a few years later, 
despite extravagant claims made for its performance. A 1955 CIA memorandum
 notes, interestingly, that “Mr. Frost is reported to have obtained 
his original idea for the flying machine from a group of Germans just 
after World War II. . . .”12

In the opinion of several experts, the VZ-9 was a smoke screen. Lieutenant
 Colonel George Edwards (USAF, retired), for example, is said to 
have revealed that he and others involved in the project were aware from 
the outset that it would never be successful. “Although we weren’t cut in 
on it,” he stated, “we knew that the Air Force was secretly test-flying a real 
alien spacecraft. The VZ-9 was to be a cover, so the Pentagon would have 
an explanation whenever people reported seeing a saucer.”13

Robert Bracken, a Canadian aviation authority, sent me a photograph 
of an actual flying disc (reproduced in the photo section), the negative of 
which had been loaned to him in 1995 by a Royal Canadian Air Force 
officer who had served in the 1970s. “It is not the Avrocar, but it is a real 
‘aircraft,’”  Bracken  explained,  “with  a  round  ‘fuselage,’  twin  triangular 
fins with racing stripes, and what looks like a converted F-86 or CF-100 
canopy on top. I asked him all about this ‘aircraft’: he would not say much, 
but suggested [the photo] was taken at De Havilland.”14

In conversation with a uniformed officer at the Fort Eustis Museum, 
Virginia, where one of the Avrocars is displayed, researcher George Myers 
was informed that the VZ-9 was the initial step to a successful program in 
which a disc-shaped aircraft flew to twenty thousand feet. It is quite likely 
that this is the craft depicted in the photograph, which evidently betrays 
no signs of a conventional powerplant.

AREA 51
In the early 1960s, Mike Hunt, who held a “Q” clearance from the Atomic 
Energy Commission and an inter-agency top-secret clearance, observed one 
such craft, at Groom Dry Lake in Area 51, which he guessed was twenty 
or thirty feet in diameter. He also claimed to have been present on several 
occasions when the “flying saucer” was taking off or landing, although he 
was never allowed actually to observe it. Hunt believed that a highly secret 
program known as “Project Red Light” or “Redlight”-connected to the 
discs-was in operation at Area 51 at that time.15

“We talked about Area 51 years ago, and at that time I only knew it as 
a place where we tested our most advanced aircraft,” a friend informed me. 
“In fact, right up to my retirement two years ago, that was what I knew. 
At the end of my career, there was a program I was on that required a 
new development at Area 51. Aviation Week reported the existence of this 
building and the UFO enthusiasts who spied on Groom Lake caught sight 
of [it], and others wondered what it might be. In fact, it was business as 
usual with ground support for flight tests.

“Just yesterday I spoke again with a retired Lockheed mechanic [who] 
told me that he had worked with half a dozen other men at Area 51 in 
the nineties. Within five working years of working on that project, six of 
his buddies had died of cancer. He, however, did not have that problem 
because he said that he had only worked there about two months, whereas 
they stayed for two years. . . . Apparently his diabetes has affected one of 
his legs, which now needs to be amputated. So with a bleak and possibly 
short future to look forward to, he told me that the reason he left after two 
months was because the project scared him. The government had disas-
sembled a flying disc and was building tooling to reassemble the thing. 
It was very large and had more height than the typically depicted flying 
saucer. He said that it was definitely not from here. He left the program 
as soon as he could. . . .”

FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS
In a publication of Borderland Sciences Research Foundation in 1967, an 
article on the infiltration of the U.S. government by aliens, based on a 
lecture by one Gordon Shandley, created a stir. “Those familiar with this 
field took Mr. Shandley’s entertaining revelations in their stride,” explained 
the writer, “but the ‘newcomers’ received the shock of their lives as they 
listened to this Army Air Corps pilot (1941 clearance Top Secret) expound 
matter-of-factly on the various types of UFOs as casually as though he were 
discussing the latest models put out by General Motors.

“Most of Mr. Shandley’s research in this field stresses the scientific and 
technical side; but his association with George Adamski, prior to the latter’s 
death some time ago, acquainted him with the philosophical and religious 
framework of space. . . .

“Mr. Shandley’s elaboration upon the nature of the spaceships revealed 
that the large mother ships rarely come into the Earth’s atmosphere. The 
saucers are contact discs operated by remote control from the main ship. 
. . . An ionization force is placed around the ship to protect it. A magnetic 
screen will plow a path ahead of the ship in its course through space. . . . 
Apparently the space people have gained comprehension of an unbelievably
 complex array of one-inch-thick invisible lines of force, none of which 
touch one another. If these lines do cross, a death ray is produced inimical 
to anything in its path.

“Although Earth has been visited by beings from other planets since 
the time higher forms of life developed here, their most recent attention 
has been sparked by our atomic explosions and the radar we bounced off 
the Moon. . . .

“It seems that our government is as infiltrated by spacemen as it is supposed
 to be by Communists-only with better intentions. Their purpose is 
to aid us spiritually and technically. Mr. Shandley spoke of having consulted 
personally with at least six individuals from other planets who in an unobtrusive
 way volunteered information aiding him in his research. Scientific 
laboratories have also received the benefit of extraterrestrial knowledge. 
Mr. ‘Man-from-Venus’ will pose as a second or third laboratory assistant. 
Then, when his suggestions have been adopted, he will quietly melt away 
and move on to some other spot. . . .

“John Q. Public, though conceding God’s place in heaven, was nevertheless
 jolted on learning that said heaven was more thickly populated than was 
formerly suspected . . . several brisk questions were directed to Mr. Shandley 
regarding  the  credentials  of  these  interplanetary  visitors.  .  .  .  Mr. 
Shandley calmly replied that their identity was confirmed by Government 
top brass, and more than this he could not part with as things were coming 
dangerously near to trespassing on Top Secret territory. The U.S. government
, while completely cognizant of interplanetary beings, has formulated 
a twenty-year education program for the public. . . . The idea is to break 
everybody in gradually, by emphasis on outer space exploration, rockets, etc., 
through news and TV media, which will in time lead to an admission of the 
true nature of these strange objects. . . . Until this period of time is up, the Air 
Force officially will continue to manifest a state of amnesia on UFO reports.”16

WHITE SANDS
One of my sources served with the U.S. Army from 1969 to 1972. “In my 
initial six months of service,” he reported to me, “I was assigned to the 
Pentagon in a position that was reasonably uninteresting. During that time, 
living in and around Washington, D.C., I met with a gentleman who was 
working the electrical side of hot-rodding VW Beetles. Mine was one of 
his projects. . . .

“One evening, over a couple of beers, he showed me photos of a ‘hot-rod’ 
version of a flying saucer he took at White Sands Missile Range. He had been 
employed by a contractor involved in a construction project there in the late 
1960s, and the photos I was shown were less than three years old. The photos 
depicted the saucer-shaped craft maneuvering at about two thousand feet, then 
flying and hovering at fifty to a hundred feet, and landing. The closest shot 
was taken from about thirty feet away, when the hatch opened.
“There were no images of the personnel piloting the saucer, but he made 
it clear to me that these vehicles were ours, or at least under U.S. military 
control. The craft parked gave one the impression that the disc was about 
eighteen feet in diameter. My presumption here is based on my calculation 
from a three-foot-wide hatchway. It was a medium silver/gray color. The 
surface skin had a texture-not a rough profile texture, but a smooth and 
sort of porous-looking texture. To me, it looked like a sheet of aluminum 
or  titanium  that  had  been  overheated,  then  cooled  slowly  rather  than 
quenched. I recall that the sunlight reflected oddly on the craft, [giving] a 
pale orange-ish/silver-ish appearance. I drew my rendition in PowerPoint 
[see below], which has limited tools.”17

“Could you help me to distinguish between the types of craft that are 
constructed here, ‘under license’ as it were, and the ‘real McCoy’?” I asked 
Fred Steckling in 1976.

“Well, as far as I have found out from my sources,” he replied, “the Air 
Force has managed to build several types of these scout ships, and they are 
not quite as sophisticated as the ones that they have on other planets. They 
look the same, and they do move around in our atmosphere, but they are 
not capable of going twenty thousand miles per hour in our atmosphere, 
because the knowledge that we have so far is to extend force-fields around 
this vehicle to protect it from any friction, and blend it. Actually, when 
the spacemen move with this spacecraft, it blends with our atmosphere; it 
does not force itself into the air, like a jet does, and we do not quite have 
this knowledge.
“I only know that what we have at the moment is a craft that uses mirror 
systems . . . we have a craft that looks like a doughnut: it has a hole in 
the center and it has a different arrangement of mirrors built in, so that 
when the craft is up about two, three hundred feet, hovering, they can, 
by reflecting the light around it, camouflage it with the background well 
enough so that if you really didn’t know, you wouldn’t see it. . . .

“George Adamski said to me, before he passed on [in 1965], that ‘the 
Boys’ [as he called his alien friends] had just returned from Russia and they 
told him that the Russians had developed a scout ship that looked like the 
one from Venus. It could move around in our atmosphere quite well, and 
they were going to work on a modification which would take approximately 
nine months and then they could go to the Moon with it. By 1966, the ship 
should have been ready to go to-we had not yet landed an astronaut there 
so, technically speaking, the Russians were capable of visiting the Moon 
long before we had our astronauts up there. . . .

“I know that nations work closer together than we think. This atmosphere 
of ‘communism’ as the enemy, the escalation of war material, and so on, are 
a clever set-up to keep our industries from going bankrupt. In other words, 
‘no breakage, no makeage.’ So you know they’re working together. . . .”18

LOCKHEED SKUNKWORKS
Brad Sorensen, an aviation designer who works mostly for aerospace companies
, reported to aviation illustrator Mark McCandlish that during an 
air show at Norton Air Force Base, California, on November 12, 1988, 
he was invited by a wealthy former secretary or undersecretary of defense 
to  visit  a  huge  hangar  at  the  base,  surrounded  by  a  cordon  of  military 
police armed with M-16s. Sorenson’s companion asked one of the guards 
to fetch an acquaintance of his, the man in charge of the show. When he 
appeared, it was clear that the two men recognized each other. Queried 
about Sorensen’s presence, the retired Defense source said Sorensen was his 
“aide.” Reportedly, the men were then escorted into “the Big Hangar” (as 
it was called) and shown some highly classified exotic aircraft, including 
three fully functioning flying saucers.

“At this point, the story becomes somewhat confusing,” explains Richard 
Dolan, the distinguished historian and researcher. “Sorensen originally told 
McCandlish and others that the exhibit of exotic craft took place within 
the Big Hangar. In later tellings, he added a twist: that in fact the demonstration
 did not occur at Norton. Rather, the group was escorted aboard an 
Air Force passenger jet and flown fifty miles northwest to Palmdale. They 
arrived at the Lockheed Skunkworks facility at the west end of the complex, 
and it was here that the entire exhibit was held. It appears Sorensen was 
originally trying to withhold certain pieces of the story.

“They entered the Lockheed hangar, and it was obvious that the exhibit 
was for politicians and military officials who were cleared for high-security 
information. As McCandlish and aviation researcher Michael Schratt later 
put it, ‘the express purpose of the exhibit was to garner additional support 
for classified “black,” or SAR “special access required” programs.’”

As soon as they walked in the huge hangar, Sorensen received a warning 
from the former Defense official. “There are a lot of things in here that 
I didn’t expect they were going to have on display-stuff you probably 
shouldn’t be seeing,” he advised. “So, don’t talk to anybody, don’t ask any 
questions, just keep your mouth shut, smile and nod, but don’t say anything
-just enjoy the show.”

Among the first craft they were shown was a flattened football, dia-
mond-shaped craft, known as the Pulser or “Flaming Pumpkinseed,” an 
unmanned vehicle supposedly capable of launching nuclear warheads within 
less than a tenth of a second (an absurdly short time). According to Schratt, 
eighteen of these vehicles were built during the Reagan administration.19 
Sorensen told McCandlish that after he had been shown this and other 
craft, he noted a large black curtain dividing the hangar into two different 
areas. “Behind these curtains was another big area, and inside this area they 
had all the lights turned off.

“So, they go in and they turn the lights on, and here are three flying saucers 
floating off the floor-no cables suspended from the ceiling holding them up, 
no landing gear underneath-just floating, hovering above the floor. They 
had little exhibits with a videotape running, showing the smallest of the three 
vehicles sitting out in the desert, presumably over a dry lakebed-some place 
like Area 51. It showed this vehicle making three little quick, hopping motions; 
then [it] accelerated straight up and out of sight, completely disappearing from 
view in just a couple of seconds. . . .
“They had a cutaway illustration [showing] what the internal components 
of this vehicle [referred to as ‘the Alien Reproduction Vehicle’ (ARV) or ‘Flux 
Liner’] were, and they had some panels taken off so you could actually look 
in and see oxygen tanks and a little robotic arm that could extend out from 
the side of the vehicle for collecting samples and things.”20

The three craft were of different sizes-24, 60, and 130 feet in diameter. 
Nearby, a general was addressing a group of people, referring to the craft 
and citing various attributes, including an extravagant claim that they could 
perform at “light speed or better,” Dolan learned from McCandlish. “It 
had extraordinary acceleration and maneuverability, able to move from a 
ground-level hovering position to 80,000 feet within 2.5 seconds.” (A pre-
posterously precise time.) “Sorensen noted that the [ARV] looked ‘ancient’ 
and as though it had been used extensively. . . . In 1992, McCandlish met a 
man named Kent Sellen who had been a crew chief at Edwards AFB years 
before,” Dolan learned. “In 1973, Sellen unintentionally went into an area 
where he saw a craft exactly matching the description of Sorensen’s [small] 
ARV. At that point, he was thrown to the ground at gunpoint, blindfolded, 
taken into custody, and interrogated about his presence there and what he 
thought he had seen. Sellen even provided McCandlish with details and 
data about the object that had been unknown to Sorensen.”21

McCandlish learned some pertinent information from Sorensen relating 
to aspects of the ARV’s propulsion. Inside the craft was a central column, 
for example, containing a type of vacuum chamber:

“Brad  maintained  that  inside  this  big  vacuum  chamber  that’s  inside 
everything  else-inside  the  flywheel,  inside  the  secondary  coils  of  the 
Tesla coil, inside the crew compartment-there is mercury vapor. Mercury 
vapor will conduct electricity, but it produces all kinds of ionic effects. 
These little molecules of mercury become charged in unusual ways, and if 
you fire a tremendous amount of electricity through mercury vapor that’s 
in a partial vacuum, there is something special, something unusual [that] 
happens in that process.”22

It is pertinent to point out here that, in conversation with the gardener 
Leonard Mantle in 1969, some of the technological information imparted 
by “Iso Khan” chimes with Sorensen’s description. For instance, Mantle 
learned that the propulsion system of the craft used by Khan’s race included 
a cylindrical column that contained mercury (Chapter 12). And in Chapter 
13 we learned that the “W56” aliens required mercury for many of their 
applications,  including  craft,  the  propulsion  of  which  they  revealed  to 
several of their contacts as part of a technology transfer.

George Adamski was the first to publish details of a central column 
inside  smaller  spacecraft,  describing  how  “a  pillar  about  two  feet  thick 
extended downward from the very top of the dome to the center of the 
floor. Later I was told that this was the magnetic pole of the ship, by means 
of which they drew on Nature’s forces for propulsion purposes, but they 
did not explain how this was done.” He did learn, however, that the top 
of the pole was positive while the bottom was negative. “But, when necessary
,” his host explained, “these poles can be reversed,” and added that the 
central pillar served a double purpose, “as a powerful telescope, with one 
end pointing up through the dome to view the sky, and the other pointing 
down through the floor to inspect the land below. . . .”23

VANDENBERG AND EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASES
In  1986,  Peter  Biagio  Tresca,  an  aerospace  engineer,  was  joint  director 
of  Lawrence  Engineering  and  Supply  Inc.,  based  in  Burbank.  Tresca’s 
daughter  Teresa,  who  worked  for  her  father  at  the  time,  recalls  seeing 
blueprints on her father’s desk that depicted what looked like a type of 
flying saucer. “Apparently the government had made them,” she told me. 
“I wanted to take the blueprints and show them to my teacher at college, 
but they weren’t allowed out of the office.

“My father used to take me to air shows, and in August or September 
1988 he took me to a restricted show at Vandenberg. And I saw the demonstration
 of a flying saucer-like the one on the blueprints. I was busy 
watching a display of jets when it suddenly came in from the left, came in 
front of us, and then took off again. I didn’t hear it approaching.”24 Her 
husband, British UFO researcher Philip Waterhouse, fills in further details:
“She  said  the  craft  approached  from  near  some  hangars  and  hovered 
silently at about ten feet, apart from a relatively high-pitched humming noise. 
Then after about five minutes the craft pitched up and shot off into the sky to 
the right of where they were standing. There were only about twenty people, 
including her father and herself, who were witness to this event.
“She said the craft was about twenty or twenty-five feet wide and 
about ten feet high. What is interesting about her description is the fact 
that the bottom was bowed upwards, which is fairly uncommon. And 
the craft appeared all in one piece, though it seemed to be sectioned in 
a circular way, with a dome on top. It was silver-colored all over, apart 
from the [indented] parts, which could have been shadows.”

Teresa’s  sketches  of  the  side,  top,  and  bottom  of  the  craft  appear 
below:

“What is also interesting to me and what originally caught my attention 
when she described her visit there,” Philip continued, “was the fact that 
before the flying saucer was viewed, she and her father and others were 
witness to other stealth aircraft-and one triangular craft.

“She said the triangular craft was completely silent without any discern-
able humming-only the [displaced] air traveling around it. The craft hovered
 at about nine feet, tipped forward and backward and turned around its 
axis, rose another ten feet at least, and then took off silently at great speed.
“She  described  the  craft  as  being  a  dull  black  (not  shiny)  with  a 
pitch-black smoky non-see-through dome on top. She also saw what she 
described as discernable undercarriage arms underneath, which were of 
a darker-colored black. The craft also had what appeared to be ‘lights’ at 
each triangular corner-although she didn’t see any light as such. They 
were of the same smoky dull appearance as the domed canopy on top.”25 
[See sketches below.]
Toward the end of the following summer (1989), Teresa accompanied 
her father to Edwards Air Force Base to attend another restricted air show. 
The same number of people was present. She saw more of the conventional 
stealth-type aircraft, and what appeared to be the same black triangle. The 
saucer-shaped craft did not make an appearance.

“What  was  the  level  of  security?”  I  pressed  her.  “Did  you  need  any 
special access?”

“My dad did,” she replied. “I would ask him questions, but he never really 
told me anything-he was really ‘hush-hush’ about it all.”

“And it was just a relatively small number of people at these two air 
shows?”

“Yes. I would say about fifteen or so-mostly men. Apart from my father, 
there were other ‘big-wigs’ from Lawrence Engineering, such as Fletcher 
Seymour, Ray Barker, Ray and Mary Smith. . . . Of course, there was also 
a lot of military there.”

“But weren’t they concerned?” I asked, incredulously. “You were just 
with your father, and you were let in on it, so to speak?”

“I think my Dad was questioned about it because he was walked off. 
They took him off somewhere and questioned him, because that was the 
last time that I was able to go to a show. And after that, it was like everything
was hush-hush.”26

Prior to marrying Philip, Teresa worked for five years as a sheriff for 
the Santa Clarita (California) Sheriff’s Department. I find her testimony 
compelling,  and  it  provides  corroborative  evidence  for  the  observations 
reported by the previous witnesses.

LOS ALAMOS
The demonstration of a much smaller craft was described for me by Gregory 
Molesworth,  a  former  U.S.  Army  lieutenant  colonel  and  platoon  commander
 who served in Vietnam. In Washington, D.C., in February 1994, 
he told me that eighteen months previously, he had been working as a sound 
man for a British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) documentary on the 
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI). While filming at Los Alamos National 
Laboratory, he witnessed the demonstration of a four-foot-diameter disc, 
radio-controlled  via  a  joystick  in  a  metal-lined  laboratory.  As  “foreign 
nationals,”  British  participants  were  not  allowed  in-and  Molesworth 
himself was threatened if he tried to film anything.

CALIFORNIA BASES
“I have been reading recently about all the alleged underground alien labs 
and facilities and took particular interest in a rumor purporting an underground
 base of this kind to be located in the Lancaster/Palmdale area near 
the Tehachapi Mountains,” begins a narrative from “Alex R.,” a woman who 
together with her friend Annemarie had a somewhat disturbing experience 
in the early 1980s.

Annemarie  had  purchased  some  undeveloped  land  in  that  area.  She 
herself, however, had not yet seen it: her husband Ken had bought the 
property and confirmed that it was in an ideal location, then deeded it over 
to her after they divorced, giving her a rough map with some landmarks to 
assist her in locating it.

“We drove the nearly two hours to Lancaster/Palmdale and began our 
search. The map was not much help, however, because it had been made 
when the area was still undeveloped. And most of the natural landmarks 
were  gone-removed  to  make  room  for  houses.  Every  time  we  found 
what looked like a road which would take us somewhere, it turned into a 
dead-end. The area we were in was now full of cul-de-sacs for the housing 
development that would soon be built on it. After about two and a half 
hours of driving, we stopped for a cool drink.

“We got back on the main highway and decided to look for dirt roads 
in the hope that the land was still undeveloped and that we had missed it. 
. . . At last, a broad, well-kept dirt road appeared. At first we thought it 
might be the entrance to someone’s farm or ranch but, since there wasn’t 
a mailbox, we decided to proceed. After about half a mile, something odd 
happened: the dirt road became a wide, beautifully paved asphalt road, with 
a single white dividing line. We were astounded at this but were glad, as 
the dirt road was taking its toll on Annemarie’s car.

“We had driven about two miles when, up ahead, we saw what looked 
like a dust storm coming out of the mountains. Annemarie slowed down, 
and we watched. It was not a storm but a vehicle, a car, coming toward us at 
full speed. ‘Let’s get out of here!’ I said. ‘I don’t think that would be a good 
idea,’ said Annemarie. She came to a complete stop, right in the middle of the 
road. ‘Are you crazy?’ I said. ‘Stay calm and let me do the talking,’ she said.
“The car, a drab olive green late-model sedan, was, by now, up on the 
road,  still  driving  full  speed.  They  were  heading  directly  for  us.  I  was 
afraid that they would not stop in time and would hit us. The car stopped, 
brakes screeching, within inches of us, and two men got out. A third man 
remained in the car. They were young men, in their mid-thirties, dressed 
in pale blue coveralls (no name plates or insignias) and baseball caps. One 
had sandy-colored hair, the other was white-blond. The third man was in 
the front seat of the car, talking on the radio-microphone. All wore wrap-
around sunglasses. Somehow, I knew that we might be in terrible trouble 
and that we were somewhere we didn’t belong.

“The sandy-haired man came up to the driver’s side of the car; the blond 
one was on my side, the passenger side. He kept his right hand in his pocket 
at all times. I wondered if he was carrying a gun. ‘Good afternoon, ladies!’ 
said sandy-hair. ‘Where are you going?’ Annemarie showed him the map. 
‘We’re trying to find my property,’ she said. ‘Can you help us?’
“He studied the map. ‘You haven’t been here for a while, have you?’ he said. 
‘All of these places on the map have been removed or destroyed.’ He looked at 
the map again. ‘This place looks like it might be on the other side of town. 
Why don’t you look there?’ He was extremely polite, smiling all the while 
he spoke, yet he terrified me and Annemarie. The blond man never spoke, 
nor did he smile or look at me. The third man remained on the radio. ‘We’ll 
be happy to escort you ladies back to the main road.’

“Though it sounded like a polite suggestion, it was actually an order to 
leave now. Annemarie said nothing, merely backed up slowly and drove 
back, still slowly, to our place of entrance into this ‘forbidden’ area. The 
men and their car stayed close behind us and followed us for several miles. 
Annemarie and I did not speak during this time. I think we were too scared. 
Then, instead of going back to the main part of the city, she took the next 
freeway on-ramp and headed back home. I noticed that she kept looking 
in her rear-view mirror. ‘Someone is following us,’ she said.

“I was too frightened to turn around, so I lowered my sun visor and 
looked in the vanity mirror. There, a few car lengths behind us, was another 
late-model sedan, medium blue in color, being driven by a man in a green 
coverall, wearing a cap and wrap-around sunglasses. His two companions 
were dressed the same way. ‘They probably want to make sure that we 
go back home and don’t try to come back,’ said Annemarie. ‘Ken told me 
that he had heard about the government using parts of that area for secret 
experiments,’ she said.”

The car followed the ladies until they were halfway home, then began 
to  back  off  and  eventually  disappeared.  On  arriving  home,  Annemarie 
dropped Alex off. They agreed to meet later for dinner at a local restaurant.
“We were now curious about what had happened and wondered if we 
should go back or if we would be able to find the road again. We lived in the 
San Fernando Valley and were not at all familiar with the Antelope Valley 
area. We then got further into our mutual interest in UFOs [and] jokingly 
considered the possibility that the ‘men’ we had seen were really aliens.

“We left the restaurant at about 10:30. The restaurant is situated in a 
very busy traffic area and is also near a freeway and a very well-known 
and very busy motor hotel. There is constant noise and traffic at all hours. 
It is never quiet there. However, this night, things were to be different. 
When we came out of the restaurant, the street was deserted. This was on 
a Saturday night, one of the busiest nights of the week for this restaurant. 
There were no cars going by, no people, no sounds of traffic. In fact, there 
was no sound of any kind.27 When Annemarie and I spoke to each other, 
our voices sounded hollow, far away.” Neither of the ladies had ever seen 
it so quiet.

“Then, as if on command,” Alex reported, “we both looked up. There, 
at a level just over our heads, across the street, was a spacecraft.

“We could not see the craft itself very clearly, but it was outlined by white 
lights that ran all around it. It was the shape of an elongated triangle. It 
remained in its position for what seemed a few minutes. Then it moved 
away. Suddenly, as if someone had turned up the volume on a TV set, all 
the normal sounds returned.

“We walked to our cars and Annemarie checked her watch. ‘Oh, my 
God!’ she said. ‘What time do you have?’ I looked at my watch and was 
stunned. It was 12:35 a.m. We had been looking at the spacecraft for two 
hours and five minutes!

“That  was  the  final  straw  and  all  the  fright  we  wanted  to  have  for 
one day. We agreed never to go out to look for that ‘forbidden’ area, and 
Annemarie sold her property soon after this incident. There may be more 
than just rumors about what is going on in the Tehachapi Mountains. . . .”28
Tom Keller (who features in Chapter 9) has worked for British Aerospace
, Douglas Aircraft, and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. In The 
Total Novice’s Guide to UFOs, he writes extensively about Antelope Valley, 
described as “a hotbed for the aerospace industry.”

“When I lived there,” he reports, “Lockheed Martin, Boeing, McDonnell
 Douglas, and Northrop Grumman all had multiple facilities there.” He 
mentions a base at the northwest end of the Antelope Valley in the foothills 
of the Tehachapi Mountains, known as “The Anthill,” and another area 
known as the Tejon RCS [radar cross-section] Facility. Both are owned 
by Northrop Grumman. Another site is the Helendale Avionics Facility, 
owned by Lockheed Martin Skunk Works. Observations of flying discs 
and other unusual craft have been observed periodically over the years.29

Researcher  Bill  Hamilton  reports  the  observation,  in  the  Antelope 
Valley  in  October  1988  by  two  witnesses  known  to  him,  of  a  large 
boomerang-shaped craft, estimated to be over six hundred feet in span, 
traveling very slowly. “A second and identical large object joined behind 
the  first  one,”  he  reports  in  his  book,  Cosmic  Top  Secret.  “The  trailing 
boomerang was followed by approximately fifteen to twenty disc-shaped 
objects in formation. . . . Two additional witnesses saw the boomerangs pass 
over the valley from a side view to the east, [and these] were also sighted 
in Fresno later that same evening. The objects rose in altitude to clear the 
Tehachapi Mountains to the north, flying directly over the secret Northrop 
‘Anthill’ facility. . . .”30

In 1988, Hamilton learned from a Northrop source that “during the 
early era,” a disc obtained from aliens via an exchange program had been 
sequestered underground at Edwards AFB. He also learned from several 
other sources that construction of underground facilities at the base began 
in the 1950s, and that a disc or discs had been stored in a hangar at the 
North base or underground.31

PROJECT AQUARIUS
William J. Pawelec, a former U.S. Air Force computer operations and 
programming specialist with numerous credentials in security technologies
 and access control systems, who died in May 2007, also confirmed 
the alien technology transfer. “I would say this is international in scope,” 
he told Steven Greer of the Disclosure Project, during an interview that 
Pawelec  had  specified  not  be  released  until  December  2010.  “If  you 
look at what layers of influence we have here, either at government or 
corporate level, I would say that at the corporate level we have to look 
primarily first.

“If  you’re  talking  about  new  propulsion  technologies,  we  would 
first  only  look  to  the  aerospace  industry.  I’ve  had  deep  discussions 
with some people over a long period of time who-either they or their 
fathers-had  worked  for  various  aerospace  companies  and  had  been 
directly involved with the research as far back as the early 1950s on into 
the 1960s. And then by the 1970s they felt they had overcome most of the 
problems in reverse-engineering technologies from what, interestingly 
enough,  they  never  call  them  UFOs;  they  call  them  AVCs-Alien 
Visitation Craft.”32
A trusted source of mine-the same aerospace journalist who supplied me 
with a great deal of information on these matters for inclusion in Unearthly 
Disclosure-has hinted that in the 1980s a few aerospace companies, principally
 Lockheed and Northrop, had established underground plants inside the 
Tehachapi Mountains which produced top-secret, high-tech flying machines, 
allegedly produced by the Air Force’s “Project Aquarius” in conjunction with 
aerospace and electronics companies. The huge amounts of money involved 
were distributed and sequestered in the black budget.

This exchange program purportedly involved a species of the so-called 
“grays”-aliens who claimed to have first come to Earth just after World 
War  II  and  began  establishing  many  underground  and  undersea  bases 
around the world. These were located in areas such as Alaska, Australia, the 
Caribbean Sea (south of the Florida Keys), the Manzano Mountains near 
the nuclear weapons storage area at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, 
and the Monongahela National Forest in West Virginia. Several other bases 
were located around the world, mainly in Asia. From the information made 
available to me, I have deduced that the largest undersea base was probably 
located in the Milwaukee Seamounts, 32°46′ latitude, 171°91′ longitude, 
in the Pacific Ocean some 1,700 miles west-northwest of Honolulu.33 By 
1973, they had come to stay.

Highly telepathic, the beings were about four and a half feet tall, featuring
 large heads; large almond-shaped black eyes; vestigial mouths, noses, 
and ears; and very thin hands with no thumbs.

The  alien  crafts’  propulsion  systems  “interacted  with  the  magnetic 
fields existing throughout space and around celestial bodies,” they claimed. 
Enormously powerful electrical charges were generated in tube-like toruses 
ranging around the insides of the hulls. The toruses were superconductors, 
made of materials not found on Earth. They were non-resistant to electric 
current, allowing the current to run free, and forever. Magnets inside the 
tubes converted the current into plasma jets. Each ship had several such 
systems to provide energy for different purposes. The build-up of magnetic 
fields around the ships, when their propulsion systems powered up, sometimes
 made them glow.

Air  Force  development  of  its  own  flying  discs  owed  to  their  having 
studied recovered alien craft, a number of which had been brought down 
by the military. Although it was ascertained that a plasma field surrounding 
the craft shielded it from guided missiles, oddly enough bullets, shells, 
and cannon fire could cause severe damage and/or bring down such a 
craft (as another source confirmed for me), at least in the early days. As 
Colonel Philip J. Corso states, in later years hostile alien craft could be 
brought down by advanced particle-beam weapons, such as those fired 
from Blue Gemini satellites, as part of the Strategic Defense Initiative 
(SDI).34

The discs reverse-engineered by the USAF were technologically inferior 
to those of the extraterrestrials, I learned. Nonetheless, the aliens acknowledged
  that  they  had  underestimated  us  in  this  regard  and  were  said  to 
have  been  impressed.  Design  and  production  were  said  to  be  almost
totally  automated.  One  craft,  apparently  a  two-seater,  was  described  as 
appearing like two soup-bowls fastened together rim to rim, seamless, with 
no  sign  of  windows  and  three  slender  landing  legs  which  retracted  into 
slots. Entrance was via a hatch under the hull.

Propulsion was also said to involve plasma: indeed, it has been described 
as  a  “plasma-propelled  magneto-hydro  dynamic  vehicle,”  and  in  water 
a “magneto hydro dynamic vehicle.”35  A  vertical  tube,  some  three  feet  in 
diameter, extended from the top of the cabin down through the floor. A 
superconductor torus of hot plasma circled the horizontal rim of the inner 
and outer hulls, generating a powerful propulsion field that interacted with 
Earth’s ambient magnetic field, propelling the craft. Another hot-plasma 
super conductor torus circled the craft vertically. The craft’s CPU (central 
processing unit) was alleged to make billions of calculations per second, 
manipulating the plasma flow to counter G-forces.

The American pilots wore special helmets that afforded “enhanced reality” 
for use in the plasma environment. Each helmet is unique to the pilot who 
wears it, reading his brain’s “electromagnetic signature.” The craft also utilized
 biocomputers. Viewing ports in the hull appeared only when required. 
Weaponry consisted of a very powerful beam that focused a mixture of 
photons and free electrons onto the target.

I do not know how much of this information is factual. But based on 
my acquaintance with the source for many years, I feel that, even allowing 
for disinformation, it is substantially true.

ITALIAN LIAISON
In Chapter 13, I detailed some of the wealth of information provided for 
me by Professor Stefano Breccia regarding the propulsion systems of the 
Amicizia (W56) craft. On one occasion, he was given the opportunity of 
a flight in a craft, together with his German engineer friend Hans. No 
aliens were on board, but both the craft and its occupants were monitored 
at all times. Stefano told me that a safety precaution involved jumping on 
board with both feet-presumably to avoid an electric shock (as explained 
in Chapter 13). Hans took the controls, while Stefano (a licensed pilot 
of conventional aircraft) was content to make calculations relating to coordinates
, etc., on his calculator. “I did not want to pilot the craft,” he told 
me frankly, “but I asked the W56s to show me the co-ordinates.

“The control unit, on a ledge inside the flange, was most interesting, partly 
owing to its small size-about that of a PC keyboard. It had virtual images, 
like modern mobiles, but no keypads. (Today’s mobile phones would not 
work in a craft, incidentally.) I used my Olivetti 22 typewriter to make notes.
“The floor was of metal but rather soft and looked like plastic. Light 
appeared to be generated from nowhere-it’s the air that’s ‘lit.’ Shadows 
go in the opposite direction from what you would suppose. There were no 
portholes, but the metal of the craft could be made transparent, enabling 
one  to  see  either  outside  or  inside.  The  seats  weren’t  very  comfortable, 
owing to a triangular-shaped back. And there was a strange instrument 
that gave off different colors to different portions of air inside the cabin: 
it’s used for giving an idea of electrical, magnetic and gravitational fields 
inside-a global measure so you can decide which color should be attributed 
to a particular thing. . . .

“The trip was from Pescara to Moscow, Cairo, then back to Pescara, 
and  the  computer  showed  geographic  co-ordinates.  We  found  out  that 
the craft did not travel in a straight line to its destination, but in a curve, 
which we thought strange. We flew at a very high altitude and at a speed 
of six to seven thousand kilometers per hour. There was no sensation of 
movement. Actually, it wasn’t so interesting-I find it more exciting in 
ordinary planes!”36 This may seem somewhat blasé, but less so if we take 
into consideration the many years Stefano spent in close proximity to both 
the aliens and their craft.

Stefano gave me additional details pertaining to the piloting of their 
craft, which bears comparison with data provided by the previous source:

“One could just touch certain lighted areas (which today we would call 
diodes) on a panel in front of the seat which at all times presented one with 
the only available option in that specific situation. Then it would change-
depending. You could choose four different possibilities for going from one 
place to another: (1) Limiting the amount of energy dissipated; (2) When 
emphasis is on the duration of travel; (3) When the pilot decides what to 
do at each moment-or ‘manual override’; (4) Totally remote control, e.g. if 
the craft comes up against an obstacle, such as a mountain, say, the obstacle 
(or part thereof) is destroyed. When the computer is involved, it ensures 
that such obstacles are avoided.

“For example, when some Italian military pilots were being trained by 
the W56 to pilot their scoutcraft, at a certain point south of Calabria they 
detected a ship which they weren’t sure of, sixteen kilometers away at a 
bearing of 234°. The pilots decided to try to land on the ship, piloting normally
 without the computer. In doing so, they realized it was a naval ship of 
undetermined nationality. As they descended, the pilot encountered difficulties
 so decided to engage the computer, which made the craft land on the ship.
“Of course, people on the ship, seeing this craft, reacted. And as they 
were military, they started firing at the craft. The pilots panicked so, via 
remote control, the W56 remedied the situation, pressing the ‘fly away’ 
option, in which the computer has control. So, when taking off from the 
ship, the craft destroyed part of the gun that was firing at them. Of course, 
the W56s-overviewing the situation-reprimanded the pilots, as they had 
not been in any danger at all.”

The reason given by the Amicizia for the transfer of their technology, 
Stefano revealed to me, was to have humans performing as well as they did, 
for example with regard to the “CTR”-the contrari-and other groups 
who opposed them. Furthermore, the W56 group fully expected our pilots 
to defend themselves against the CTRs. “These types of craft,” Stefano 
emphasized, “could not be captured or damaged by our weapons.”

“How many of your country’s pilots have flown these craft?” I inquired. 
“My  guess,”  he  responded,  “is  that,  among  the  Amicizia  group,  ten  to 
fifteen Italian pilots have been trained to fly them.”37

How many other countries have acquired alien technology? I do not know. 
But  Paul  LaViolette  confirms  that  Canada  and  a  number  of  European 
countries  have  been  involved  in  top-secret  research  programs  since  the 
1950s, and Fred Steckling cited American–Soviet collaboration. Germany, 
I assume, would be high on the list, based on Hermann Oberth’s testimony
and that of others. There is also hearsay evidence, cited later, that 
the United States has shared much information with the United Kingdom.
In  any  event,  as  time  passes,  it  will  become  increasingly  difficult  to 
differentiate between “theirs and ours” and-perhaps more pertinently-
between “friend or foe”. . . .


=============================================================================
CHAPTER SIXTEEN. LEVIATHANS OF THE SKIES

It was the late spring or early summer of 1956-probably May-when 
a huge disc-like object was seen by thousands off the northeast coast of 
Aberdeen, Scotland. One witness is my friend Ian Taylor, who gave me 
an extremely detailed account of this remarkable, yet now little-known, 
event.

At around 08:30 Ian was on his way to catch the bus to school, not that 
far from Aberdeen Airport. A keen plane spotter, as he scanned the mostly 
clear  skies  for  contrails  he  noticed  what  first  appeared  to  be  a  balloon 
hovering in the direction of the city. “The object seemed to be stationary, 
around the one o’clock position to the vertical, but I remember being aware 
of some gentle sideways movement coupled with similar vertical transitions 
too,” he told me. By 10:30, at which point Ian was enjoying a break in the 
playground, the object still remained in the sky, causing him to wonder 
why, if it was a balloon, it hadn’t drifted. It was still there at lunchtime.

“I noted it maintained a different elevation, and immediately became 
aware of two sets of contrails in the sky, heading up from the south in a 
northerly direction, toward the city. I noted they had a twin exhaust exit, 
and that immediately suggested Meteor jets. I knew this type of aircraft had 
an operational ceiling of around 42,000 feet and that they would probably 
have come from RAF Leuchars in Fife, near St. Andrew’s. It soon became 
obvious they were heading toward this object’s position.

“Both aircraft then began to separate from their close formation to form 
a huge circle in the sky, which on reflection I would have estimated to be in 
the order of two miles in diameter. Both aircraft performed this maneuver 
for  about  two  to  three  minutes  at  least,  leaving  this  incredible  graphic 
imprint in the sky which would have attracted considerable attention for 
miles around. The aircraft eventually broke away and headed south.

“Sitting at the core of the contrail pattern was this object, and I immediately
 began to suspect something wasn’t quite what it appeared to be. 
Firstly, the object looked considerably smaller than before. Then, within 
a short space of time, it seemed to increase in size to return to what was 
first observed, but perhaps not quite as large. As the contrails began to 
spread out as they tend to do with upper windshear effects, I noted a barely 
perceptible drift westward of the contrail ring. As the contrail ring began 
to drift further westward, this object still maintained its position. I still 
observed  this  unusual,  slow  bobbing  and  oscillating  motion  associated 
with it. And then, when the ring continued moving in a westerly direction 
it began to obliterate this object and within a few minutes the object was 
lost to sight, soon to re-emerge as the contrail disc continued moving with 
the upper air stream.

“I instinctively knew this object was much higher than the contrails 
by quite a considerable margin and therefore much, much larger than 
originally considered and it began to become clear that the circling jets 
were well below this object and that it had in fact ascended to what 
might be regarded as a safe altitude above the jets. It must have seen 
them coming.”

On  returning  to  his  school,  Ian  noted  that  the  mystery  object 
remained in the sky, maintaining its position and altitude. By around 
14:30 it had disappeared. According to the front-page story in the Aberdeen
 Evening Express (date not known), thousands of people had witnessed 
the object. Furthermore, its first sighting had been reported north of the 
city  at  about  07:00.  Photographers  from  the  Express  had  attempted  to 
capture the object with their large plate cameras fitted with standard wide-
angle lenses, Ian reports, but “failed to get any image worthy of publication.”
Two years later, Ian befriended James Stewart (long since deceased), a 
research scientist with the MacCaulay Soil Research Institute in Aberdeen, 
who also had observed the strange craft. He had driven home from the 
Institute  to  fetch  his  theodolite  (a  surveying  instrument  for  measuring 
horizontal and vertical angles with a rotating telescope). “What he told 
me was fascinating,” said Ian:

“He  drew  what  he  had  observed  through  the  device,  describing  the 
object as being rounded underneath, and the top-at least what could be 
seen relative to the observable angle from terra firma-came to a rounded 
point from what appeared to be a gentle upward sweeping transition from 
the outer rim. He went on to say it had a beautiful golden metallic luster 
with  high  reflectivity  values  and  totally  absent  of  appendages,  graphic 
markings, or symbols. Like me, he was quick to detect its motion characteristics
 describing, as I had observed, this swaying motion coupled with 
a slow and gentle vertical bob.

“What  he  then  went  on  to  say  threw  me  completely.  He  had  calculated
 its overall diameter as being in the order of anywhere between 780 
and 800 feet. And like myself, James was convinced enough to reach the 
conclusion that the arrival of the jets was no mean coincidence; and, as 
we both recognized the aircraft type, he was quick to assume they would 
have been taking footage with their nose-mounted gun-cameras, whose 
field of capture was a five-position lens system, as I recall from Jane’s All 
the World’s Aircraft, each lens position allowing a level of overlap to create 
a near panoramic template.”

Years later, Ian joined the Royal Air Force for a period of three years, 
specialising  in  air  defence  work.  After  training  at  Compton  Bassett  in 
Wiltshire, he was posted to RAF Buchan radar installation, some thirty 
miles north of Aberdeen. “A few weeks after I settled in my new role,” he 
recounted, “all the new conscripts were dispatched to RAF Leuchars in 
Fife. It was on that visit I took the opportunity to step out of the crowd 
and discuss with one of the host Hunter jet pilots the 1956 sighting, even 
though I knew he would not have been there at the time. I remember vividly 
his expression of bewilderment at my question, clearly struggling to offer 
a response in a manner appropriate to the occasion, especially so from a 
lowly SAC [Senior Aircraftman] radar operator.
“He  eventually  responded  by  saying  he  knew  nothing  about  such 
an incident, smiled slightly, and then moved away to attend to the rest 
of the party. Naturally I didn’t pursue the matter, as it was clear he 
intended the conversation to end there. Two days following the trip to 
Leuchars, during what I recall was a day watch for the crew I was attached 
to, the NCO [Non-commissioned Officer] of the watch came up to me 
when I was on the radarscope to say I had to report to the Squadron Leader 
of the watch once my break time came along. Somewhat mystified, no 
reason having been given, I went to his office as requested. As it happened, 
this officer was ex-aircrew and a fellow Scot, very well liked among the 
ranks as well as by lesser mortals like myself. I knocked and entered, stood 
to attention and all of that and then awaited his address.

“What happened next completely floored me, and it was clear I was in 
some sort of trouble. Obviously, the officer I had addressed at Leuchars had 
reported to the base commander about my questioning over the 1956 UFO 
incident in relation to Leuchars. That inquiry quickly got back to Buchan, 
probably long before we left Leuchars to return to Buchan, and most likely 
reached the ears of a senior controller, which then had been passed down 
the chain of command to this officer. As the officer at Leuchars had access 
to all the names of the team visiting that day, my name came out of the hat 
as being the defaulter. The following is more or less what was said to me 
and, I might add, in no uncertain terms . . .

“‘It has been brought to my attention that you have been asking questions 
during your recent visit to Leuchars in regard to UFOs, in particular an 
incident that took place in the past that you claim had involved the Royal 
Air Force. As a member of the Royal Air Force, and subject to your position
 at this base as a radar observer, bearing in mind you have signed the 
Official Secrets Act to which you must adhere under all circumstances, you 
must never at any time, on or off the base, discuss the topic of UFOs. This 
is a subject of the highest sensitivity and you have no authority to discuss 
any issue relating to it whilst in this service.

“‘If you at any time see fit to pursue the matter, make no mistake you 
will face a charge of the highest magnitude. The business of UFOs may 
be of casual interest to you, but whatever you see, hear, or learn of the 
subject during your time at this base is never to be discussed with other air 
force personnel, and certainly not with any civilian agencies beyond the 
perimeters of this establishment.

“‘It is my understanding that you are a competent, extremely pleasant 
and reliable individual with an interest in music,’ conceded the squadron 
leader. ‘Don’t let that standing be compromised by neglect of duty and of 
the things you may learn in your role in the air defence system.’

“It was a serious ‘hands-off’ call, and it left me somewhat shaken but not 
entirely stirred,” Ian reflected. “I had no option whatsoever other than to 
comply with what was in effect an official order. That they reacted in the 
manner they did sent clear messages that the military did indeed take 
the UFO status quo very seriously. . . . It has long been my belief that this 
particular sighting represents what I would consider the most significant 
daytime happening to have taken place in U.K. airspace following the end 
of WWII, in terms of the actual size and shape of the aeroform, the sheer 
duration of the event, and how it behaved during the timeframe, its altitude 
and, more importantly, the intervention of the military, who of course denied 
any involvement whatsoever. . . .”

MOTHERSHIPS
With  regard  to  the  enormity  of  alien  craft,  in  1963,  during  a  private 
meeting  in  London,  which  included  two  high-ranking  British  officials 
(Chapter 19), George Adamski described the “mother ships” in considerable
 detail, which he said served all the needs of space travelers for long 
journeys through space. “These gargantuan vessels varied in size,” reported 
my friend Emily Crewe, who was present at the meeting, “but none ever 
landed on terrestrial ground. They were approximately one to three thousand
 feet long and hundreds of feet in width. They had many decks, and 
vast spaces to section off the life support systems, for the growing of foods 
and the freeze-storage of these supplies. They contained water purified in 
tanks so big, large sea creatures could swim in them, but this water was 
fresh and taken from terrestrial waterways such as ours here on Earth.” 
The water could also be recycled; for example, in our skies.1

In 1965, not long before he died, Adamski revealed additional details to 
Fred Steckling, some at variance with what he had stated two years earlier. 
A main base for these giant craft on Earth, he claimed, was alleged to be 
in a deep ravine some two hundred kilometers west of Mexico City, in 
very rugged terrain virtually inaccessible except by helicopter. Some of the 
craft were claimed to be several miles in length and “stacked side by side 
with their noses pointing to the ground, not actually touching the ground 
but about three feet above the ground, pointing downward, while the rest 
of the craft pointed at a slight angle straight up into the air, as if held by 
some magnetic beam,” Henry Dohan reports. “Near each nose was a hatch 
and steps of a sort for descending out of the cigar-shaped craft.” Top-level 
meetings with several of the world’s leaders were said to have been held in 
this remote location.2

POLICE PATROL
In the small hours of one night in the early 1980s, two Metropolitan Police 
officers  were  on  patrol  in  Middlesex,  Greater  London.  “I  was  a  young 
Police Officer on night duty in a marked vehicle,” Robin Perry wrote to 
me. “It was the Area Car-an old SD1 Rover-and I was the R/T [radio-
telephone] operator, being driven by my colleague. We were traveling very 
slowly at about 3 a.m. from the White Hart roundabout along the Ruislip 
Road,  Northolt,  toward  Greenford.  Someone  had  been  setting  fire  to 
parked cars at this location in recent days, so we were skulking along the 
road keeping a watch for any dodgy-looking characters. I have to point out 
that, back then, the road and pedestrian traffic at this time of the morning 
was almost non-existent-not as it is today.

“As we were driving along I noticed a large orange light in the sky over to 
our left-toward RAF Northolt3-and brought it to my driver’s attention. 
The strange thing is that when we started to talk about it, the object flew 
directly toward us. As it did so, it flew over a large open park area which 
was on our left side, leading directly onto the Ruislip Road (Rectory Park).
“As it got closer, I could see that it was a huge black triangle with a light 
on each point and an orange ball on the middle underside. It was very large, 
and I estimated it to be at least the size of two football pitches (there were 
a number of pitches that it flew over toward us). It was very low and made 
absolutely no noise. It was so low, I couldn’t see any of the sky around it.

“The object flew alongside our vehicle on the near side, matching our 
speed. I was leaning out of the car window and waving at it. We carried 
along the Ruislip Road for about three quarters of a mile with this thing still 
flying alongside and matching our speed, which was still slow. It was barely 
skimming the rooftops of the houses as it did so. My driver then stopped the 
car in the middle of the road opposite Greenford [Assembly] Hall and we both 
got out. The triangle then hovered directly over us at no more than thirty feet, 
or the height of the Hall to our left. It was huge, dead still, and silent. The 
driver even turned off the car engine, and we could still hear nothing.

“I then turned on the blue light on the roof and was waving up at the 
craft, but got no response. After a few minutes (yes, minutes), it turned 
around and then slowly glided away back along the Ruislip Road. After a 
couple of hundred yards, it suddenly shot up into the sky at an unbelievable
 speed and disappeared from view. We sort of ‘came to our senses’ and 
jumped into the car and drove around the corner to Greenford Police Station
. We told the Station Officer-an old ‘sweat’-who advised us to keep 
quiet, otherwise face ridicule from our colleagues. However, I called RAF 
Northolt straight away and had an interesting conversation with someone 
who claimed to be in their flight [control] tower. He basically stated that 
they too had seen it, had no idea what it was, and it was not worth filing 
an official report. So I never did.

“I know it sounds far-fetched, and I can’t explain why neither of us tried 
to radio for other units to join us. We also passed neither other cars nor 
pedestrians throughout the whole incident. Just as a footnote, about a week 
or so later a very distressed driver burst into Greenford Police Station in 
the early hours of one morning claiming that his vehicle had been buzzed 
by a bright orange light as he drove along the Ruislip Road. This time, 
the Station Officer did report it, and that incident made the front page of 
our local newspaper. . . .”4

FURTHER EVENTS IN THE U.K.
An enormous craft, described as “looking like a flying fairground,” was 
reported high in the sky over Exmouth, Devon, on the night of August 
4, 1987. Gordon Baker viewed the craft from his garden, and was joined 
by his wife Gloria and a neighbor, Heather Palmer, as they took turns at 
viewing the craft through binoculars. The object looked like two cross-
shaped objects joined together (see sketch on the next page).
From the Exmouth Herald, August 7, 1987

“It was definitely not an aircraft,” insisted Mr. Baker. “There was no 
sound whatsoever. I believe the object was traveling at about thirty-five 
thousand feet. Then I heard the noise of a jet aircraft. I saw it pass under 
the lit objects, and I even checked with Exeter Airport to see if the pilot had 
reported seeing it. They said they had not received any reports. However, 
a man in air traffic control said he had a couple of objects on his radar, but 
did not know what they were. We watched it for about fifteen minutes until 
it disappeared on the horizon. I don’t know what it was, but it certainly 
had hundreds of lights on it.”5

Further witnesses came forward following publication of the report 
in a local paper, including former RAF technician Tony Millington and 
his wife Claire. “It certainly wasn’t an aircraft,” he said. “It is very difficult
 to say how high they were, but there was no noise at all. That is 
what seemed so odd to me. As we watched, the two objects seemed to get 
close together. . . . We watched [them] for about fifteen minutes before 
they disappeared over the horizon toward Haldon Hill. The lights were 
uniform in brilliance.”

A Ministry of Defence spokesman evinced little interest when contacted.6
Of the hundreds of British reports of large craft sighted that year, one 
of the most interesting came to me from Barbara Forrest, of Brierley Hill, 
West Midlands. At around 19:00–19:15 on November 19, 1987, Barbara’s 
27-year-old son Brett spotted two very bright lights in the sky, one small 
and one large, close together, from outside the three-story block of flats 
where she resided in Moor Street. “My son said that they seemed to join 
together, and then it took on the shape of a diamond and became brilliant
,” she wrote to journalist Peter Rhodes of the Wolverhampton Express 
& Star two days later, asking to be put in touch with me.

Brett and Barbara sent me colored sketches, depicting how the craft 
appeared in three stages, finally coalescing into a huge elongated triangle 
with a series of grooves underneath, colored black, silver, and bronze. As 
Barbara recounted for me:

“The craft came over the street light where he had been watching it for 
quite some time. Brett thought he had to tell someone or he would never be 
believed, so he ran down the grass embankment to my living room window, 
knocked very hard, and as I opened it he said, ‘Mom, look up!’ And there 
it was, massive, wonderful-and frightening! Here was something that in 
the first instance had been two very bright lights, very still in the night sky, 
then the whole thing lights up in the shape of a diamond. Then it starts to 
move, and as it came nearer and lower it dimmed its lights. It passed right 
over the block of flats where I live.

“I  was  amazed  at  what  I  saw-a  great  floating  airship  all  lit  up 
underneath with many, many white lights. There was no noise. It was 
massive. That thing was so low, it was unbelievable. I watched it go 
right out of sight as it went in the direction of the High Street. There 
were two aircraft in the vicinity at the time, with their normal red and 
green lights.”

Her first sketch depicts what she saw as the craft was directly above 
her, with black serrated edges “which when a little distance away looked 
as though they were kind of grills. The inner part of the craft was a 
gray or silvery color. There were strips underneath. The lights were 
fluorescent, very white and bright.” The second sketch-varying from 
her son’s depiction-shows the object “seen floating silently away. One 
could no longer see the individual lights or the shape of the craft. . . .
“This thing must have wanted to be seen, otherwise it would just have 
zoomed away. It seemed to follow my son. I have never seen anything like 
it in all my fifty-seven years. In actual fact, this is starting to worry me now 
. . . perhaps whoever was in that floating city may not like us very much.”7

Brett’s sketches of the craft appear on the next page:
I had a lengthy correspondence with Barbara, but it was years before we 
finally met, together with her son, at a conference in Stourbridge organized 
by UFO Research Midlands in July 2005. My conviction in their sincerity 
was reinforced.

Three  weeks  following  the  Brierley  Hill  sighting,  another  event 
occurred, one of numerous reports from Nottinghamshire at that time. 
“It was obvious to all the witnesses that it was not a normal aircraft and it 
immediately drew their attention,” reported a journalist. “Most reports say 
there was a deep humming noise, faint but distinct. All agree that the object 
was huge [and] most say that a jet aircraft was seen shortly after the UFO.”
“I knew it was huge, twenty or thirty times the size of a normal aircraft, 
and it made a distinctive deep throbbing noise,” said Edward Fell, of Long 
Eaton.8 (See photo section.)

FRANCE AND CANADA
On the night of November 5, 1990, numerous sightings were reported over 
Europe, some involving enormous craft reported by air force pilots as well 
as civilians. In my previous book, I cited a report from Jean Gabriel Greslé, 
a former French air force fighter pilot (who also flew U.S. Air Force jets 
on an exchange in the 1950s), as well as an Air France captain. He is now 
one of Europe’s leading UFO researchers. A précis of this important case 
is warranted here.

At 19:00, together with six of his martial-arts pupils, Jean was standing 
outside a gym in Gretz-Armainvilliers when an enormous crane-like object 
came into view at a height of around three hundred meters. “It projected 
two huge, divergent beams of light, not quite touching the ground,” he told 
me at the actual site in November 2004.

“It must have been at least a thousand feet long, with a thickness of about 
200 or 250 feet, and it had triangular substructures and many, many lights 
[see photo section]. I ran around a tree to watch it as it turned its back on 
us, and the lights dimmed very quickly, which is surprising, because the 
beams must have been at least a kilometer in length-then it disappeared 
in the clouds. . . . It carried with it what I can only describe as a ‘zone of 
silence,’  because  as  it  flew  over  us-at  never  more  than  100  mph-we 
suddenly didn’t hear the nearby traffic. And I had the impression that my 
mind was blanked out. . . . It was absolutely incredible-like a city floating 
through the clouds!”9

The  following  report  was  sent  to  me  by  Dr.  Richard  Haines,  the 
well-known  researcher,  whose  past  employment  includes  posts  with 
the National Research Council, Boeing Airplane Co., and at NASA’s 
Ames Research Center, where he served as Chief of the Space Human 
Factors Office and in other research positions. Co-author of the report 
was Bernard Guénette, a professional computer graphics expert-and a 
witness to the event.

On November 7, 1990, between forty and seventy-five people, including 
Royal  Canadian  Mounted  Police  (RCMP)  and  Montreal  Urban  Community
 Police (MUCP), witnessed a huge aerial object, beaming shafts of 
light, which hovered at around six thousand feet above downtown Montreal 
between about 19:30 and 22:00 EST. Many of the witnesses were located 
on the 17th floor of the International Hilton Bonaventure Hotel. Three 
journalists from La Presse arrived at the scene. One, Marcel Laroche, took 
two  photos  of  the  craft,  but  owing  to  cloudy  conditions  only  the  light 
beams could be seen. One of these photos was published in La Presse the 
following day. “The lighted object had six lights on the perimeter of a large 
circle with a ray of light emitting from each one,” stated the paper. “Most 
witnesses described the rays as white, while some also claimed they saw 
blue, yellow, and red lights.”

An Air Canada pilot who witnessed the event from the rooftop of the 
Hilton Hotel estimated the altitude of the object at between eight and ten 
thousand feet. While driving home from work between 22:30 and 23:00, 
a M. Pierre Caumartin saw “very big and strong lights” in a boomerang 
shape low in the sky. On arriving at his home, not far from the Longue-
Pointe military base [CFB Longue-Pointe], he watched the object hover 
near the Hydro-Quebec Longue-Pointe power station. When he got out of 
his car, he heard a “purring” sound and thought the object was a dirigible, 
with only its gondola visible below the cloud base.

As Dr. Haines points out, CFB Longue-Pointe contains “forty-eight 
regular forces, detachments and units, of about 1,900 persons, twenty-five 
reserve units, and ninety-seven cadet corps with 7,500 persons. It also supports
 three military schools. No one at the base could be found who saw the 
aerial object on November 7. A power failure (hors tension) was experienced 
between 23:08 and 23:50 at the Longue-Pointe military base. The base is 
fed by a 12,000-volt lead from the Hydro-Quebec-Longue-Pointe power 
station. It is the only one which broke down on November 7 [and] a check 
of the operating records of telecommunications networks [etc.] did not 
uncover any unusual malfunctions. . . .
“Perhaps of equal importance with the overall scope of the aerial phenomenon
 was the almost total lack of official response to it. No action of 
any kind was taken by personnel of the St. Hubert military base after they 
were notified of the aerial object hovering above the center of the city. As far 
as is known, they did not even report it to the North American Aerospace 
Defense Command (NORAD) coordination center.”10

THE WILLIAMSPORT WAVE
On February 6, 1992, the Pennsylvania Association for the Study of the 
Unexplained (PASU), headed by Stan Gordon, began to receive numerous 
reports of a series of low-level sightings in the vicinity of Williamsport, 
Pennsylvania, which had occurred the previous day. To assist in his investigations
, Gordon sought the collaboration of Dr. Samuel D. Greco, a retired 
Air Force major and aerospace engineer who served as the Pennsylvania 
state section director for the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), which 
liaised closely with PASU.

The  wave  of  sightings  on  February  5  occurred  from  about  18:00  to 
19:00. “Two different kinds of object, boomerang- and triangular-shaped, 
had been seen in the evening sky, and there had been numerous persons 
who had witnessed the sightings,” Dr. Greco reported. “All the sightings 
followed a similar pattern. Apart from one, all originated in the houses of 
the witnesses.” Typical descriptions follow:

•  A loud or heavy rumbling noise above the house which shook or 
vibrated the building and rattled its windows

•  Witnesses  would  then  leave  the  house,  see  the  object,  and  alert 
others

•  Object usually boomerang-shaped. One witness, who stood directly 
underneath, described it as triangular-shaped. A few other shapes 
were reported (see sketches). Lights or portholes on the craft could 
be seen

•  The span of the boomerang-shaped object was variously estimated 
at 100 to 600 feet

•  The object moved very slowly, at low altitude, often surrounded by 
moving red and green lights
•  Animals displayed irrational behavior
•  Object disappeared suddenly

“There were no aircraft in the sighting area reported either by commercial
 air sources, the Federal Aviation Administration, or the USAF,” 
concluded Dr. Greco. “The witnesses were ordinary people going about 
their daily lives [who] were considered reliable, honest, and sincere [and] 
did not want their names released to the public.”11

Dr. Greco’s diagrams of the various shapes of craft-seen in one day 
alone-appear below:

CYPRUS
During the night of 11/12 September 1992, according to a witness who 
contacted me the following month, aerial objects, including an enormous 
structured craft, appeared above Le Meridien Hotel, located some fifteen 
kilometers east of Limassol, southern Cyprus. I shall refer to the witness 
(an accountant) as “Andy,” as he insisted on anonymity.
“At approximately 10:50 p.m.,” he reported, “I went out on the balcony 
of my room to listen to the music being played by a hotel group on the 
ground floor. From the balcony there is a panoramic view of the hills to 
the north-about three miles away-but the sea is obscured by the east 
wing of the hotel. It was a completely clear night with an almost full moon. 
As I sat at the table facing north, I saw a white light approaching from the 
northwest. I assumed it was an aircraft heading for Larnaca, but it suddenly 
stopped. I then thought it must be a helicopter, because it rose vertically 
and stopped again. I then realized that there was no sound coming from 
the ‘craft’ and also that there were no lights. . . .

“I kept watching the object for about twenty minutes, during which time 
it was stationary. Then it started to move away to the hills directly opposite 
and stopped above them. Almost immediately it rose vertically, in stages, 
to a much higher point and stopped again. . . . After an hour or so it then 
began to move again and cruised (which is the only way to describe the 
way it traveled) back to approximately where it started, though a bit nearer 
to the hotel. The UFO remained in this position for some time, but was 
not always stationary-it would move very slowly at times, so slowly that 
if you did not concentrate you would hardly notice any movement at all.

“At  about  2  a.m.,  several  other  pale  yellow  lights  approached  slowly 
from the northeast-I counted eighteen in all-and [the nearest five] came 
to halt on a line from the sea past the hotel and inland for about a mile. 
The remainder were in a [square] formation stretching from the coastline 
to the hills and back to the end of the hotel. . . . At this point, the larger 
white object then moved back over to the hills and stopped. It then rose 
vertically-again in stages-until it was maybe a couple of thousand feet 
above the most distant light. . . .

“At 4 a.m., all the UFOs began to move extremely slowly, at the same 
speed, toward the sea [and] as I glanced over the top of the hotel, a huge 
object appeared out and over the sea, climbing very slowly. It is difficult 
to describe the shape of this object because of the light, but the moonlight 
illuminated the right-hand side and part of the side facing me. Also, there 
was a narrow band of light across the middle of the object, and as it got 
higher two other bands of light appeared to be switched on above and 
below the first one.
“I must emphasise that the speed at which this thing was moving was 
very slow, as though it was in trouble or very heavy. It appeared to be wider 
at the base [see witness sketch below]. I would say it was much bigger than 
the hotel. Meanwhile, all the other UFOs were patiently following at some 
distance. . . . It climbed really slowly and was upright, travelling vertically 
but at an angle above the sea.”

“There was no noise. Then the most extraordinary thing happened. . . .
“When the huge object was just gaining height, a missile appeared to 
be fired at one of the yellow UFOs which were still over the hills opposite 
me. It came from behind one of the hills and went sharply up, trailing a 
yellow flame. As it approached the UFO I prepared for an explosion, but 
the yellow light of the UFO went out for a split second, there was a white 
spark, and the missile seemed to be deflected toward the hotel, to the left 
of where I was standing on the balcony. I watched the missile, which was 
glowing or burning red, go past and just over the hotel, heading out to 
sea. It was about the length and half the height of a single-decker bus, and 
horizontal in flight.

“When the missile was fired, all the UFOs, including the massive one, 
stopped moving for fifteen minutes. The latter just remained suspended 
in the sky. Then they all began moving again, upwards and outwards over 
the sea, still at the same slow pace. This went on until 4:40 a.m., when a 
vivid green and blue semi-circular object appeared over the sea above the 
wing of the hotel, below the huge UFO and between it and the hotel. It 
was much lower and was flashing blue and green intermittently; at times 
the colors intermingled . . .

“At 4:45 a.m. another missile was launched at the last yellow UFO (the 
nearest one to the hills) and the same thing happened as before, except 
that when the deflected missile came past the hotel, it was not glowing red 
like the first one, only yellow at the rear end. At 4:50 a.m. all the UFOs 
were getting higher in the sky, but it was noticeable that the huge one 
was not getting appreciably smaller the higher it got.

“[The huge object] seemed to me to look like some kind of transporter, 
because of its lighting, color, and shape: it was dull and workmanlike with 
only three strips of light-at least that I could see. By about 5:00 a.m. the 
UFOs had almost gone.

“It is only conjecture on my part,” Andy concluded, “but I think the 
huge UFO had landed by the Limassol power station just along the coast or 
beyond it, and stayed there for about three hours. The smaller yellow ones 
were a protective force, and the larger white ones were the reconnaissance 
craft. What the object of the exercise was is purely a matter for speculation
, but maybe the power station had something to do with it. . . . The 
only other thing I can think of is that the huge object was perhaps being 
repaired, because the difficulty it seemed to have climbing could suggest 
some sort of malfunction.”12

My first line of inquiry was Headquarters, British Forces Cyprus at the 
Akrotiri Sovereign Base Area, which occupies a large area mostly contained 
on a peninsula some 25 kilometers to the south and west of Le Meridien 
Hotel. “I can assure you that the sitings [sic] were not as a result of any 
British  Forces  Cyprus  exercise,”  stated  Squadron  Leader  J.  A.  Bartram 
RAF, Office of the Commander. “It would appear that other people did 
sight unusual aerial phenomena on the night in question [and] this was 
reported in the Cypriot papers. . . .”13

In late November/early December 1992, I spent a week in Cyprus and 
interviewed people in the area, including an assistant manager at Le Meri-
dien. A local researcher had not heard anything about the event, and my 
appeals for witnesses-on CyBC radio and television and in The Cyprus 
Weekly-drew a blank. I was unable to get an appointment at the Limassol 
power station, but the following year my friend Graham Sheppard, a former 
British Airways senior captain, visited the station and was told that nothing 
unusual had been reported on the night in question. Although there were 
reports of UFOs around that time, neither of us could find anyone who 
could corroborate the main event. One possible explanation may owe to the 
closely knit Greek-Cypriot community who, I gathered, are “quite sensitive 
about things of this nature.”

I should mention that earlier in the year, on the night of January 24/25, 
1992,  many  residents  of  Larnaca,  Limassol,  and  Palechori  observed  a 
brightly lit craft, estimated at about fifty meters in length. Some said it 
was soundless, while others thought they detected a low hum. Beginning 
at 23:00, the sightings lasted for two and a half hours.14

I met Andy in my apartment in December 1992. He appeared nervous. 
As he had explained earlier: “I am very concerned about the consequences 
arising from publication, particularly the security implications, not only for 
me, but also for Cyprus . . . especially as missiles are involved.”15

I wrote again to British Forces Cyprus in 2003, asking if any further 
information had come to light, querying the possibility that the event 
might  have  been  related  to  an  air-defense  exercise.  “Your  request  has 
been exhaustively investigated by RAF Akrotiri,” came the reply, “but, 
regrettably,  unit  records  are  unable  to  throw  any  further  light  on  the 
events [and] hold no information on live weapon training for the night 
in question.”16

If a hoax, one would have to question the motive. A desire for money 
and notoriety, at least, can be ruled out. Having met the witness and corresponded
 with him over a period of time, I retain the impression that he 
was describing a real event, one that-as in so many other cases-left him 
profoundly disturbed. Furthermore, reports of this type of craft were very 
rare in 1992. But as we shall see, sightings of similar types increased in 
ensuing years.

SHROPSHIRE, U.K.
In Need to Know, I cite the penetration in the small hours of March 31, 
1993, of two Royal Air Force bases-Cosford and Shawbury-by a large 
triangular  craft,  and  (in  the  second  edition  of  that  book)  reproduced  a 
minute from the Ministry of Defence’s [MoD] Head of Secretariat (Air 
Staff) to the Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (ACAS). “Some of the reports 
state that the object was moving at a very high speed, while some say that 
it was hovering or moving very slowly,” the minute concludes.

“Many of the reports refer to the object being very large, flying low, and 
making a low humming sound. My staff have spoken to a number of the 
military and police witnesses, many of whom commented that the object 
was unlike anything they had ever seen before; a Met Officer at RAF 
Shawbury reported seeing the object projecting a narrow beam of light at 
the ground at a height of four to five hundred feet and estimated its size 
at somewhere between a C130 [Hercules] and B747 [jumbo]. . . . If there 
has been some activity of U.S. origins which is known to a limited circle in 
MoD [Ministry of Defence] and is not being acknowledged, it is difficult 
to investigate further. . . .”17

On  the  night  of  March  30,  sixteen-year-old  Darren  Perks  had  an 
encounter with what was either the same or a similar craft. “At the time of 
the incident,” he told me in 2005, “I was preparing to enter the Army Air 
Corps. Since the age of twelve I had been a member of the Royal Air Force’s 
Combined Cadet Force (CCF), in which I had already made the rank of 
flight sergeant. Being in the CCF, I had flying experience and extensive 
knowledge of all military aircraft of the current time and post cold-war 
era. I also had good knowledge of civilian and/or non-fixed-wing aircraft 
[and] I was a frequent visitor to RAF Shawbury airbase. . . .

“At approximately 11:00 p.m., I was walking home from my part-time 
job at the Shrewsbury Superbowl, in the northern outskirts of Shrewsbury. 
At the time, my parents owned a local pub called the Harry Hotspur, and 
it was only six hundred meters from my work along Harlescott Lane. As I 
got to within a hundred meters of my home, my eyes caught a slow-moving 
structured object, about three hundred feet up, moving from left to right-
south to north. At the time, the weather was clear and there was no wind 
and also no traffic passing me on the road, so my surroundings were very 
quiet.

“It was a black triangle shape, approximately 200 feet in length and 150 
to 200 feet in diameter. It was [clearly] defined, and [it] blocked out the 
stars. As I continued to watch this strange craft, a brilliant white beam of 
light appeared from it and started to sweep the ground from left to right as 
if it were looking for something in the fields. On the two rear points of the 
triangle, I noticed a faint red or orange-colored glow. At one point, the craft 
stopped moving and just hung in the sky, still not making any sound at all.
“The  triangle  was  moving  very  slowly-I  would  say  about  walking 
speed-and I could hear nothing but a very low humming sound that was 
irritating to hear. I also felt warm, and the sense of being watched, or at 
least that whoever or whatever was controlling the triangle knew I was 
watching it.

“Opposite my house at the time was rough ground and fields, and the 
triangle continued to move north over them with the white light flicking 
back  and  forth  randomly.  At  this  point,  I  estimated  that  I  had  been 
watching this craft for about two minutes when all of a sudden it shot off 
to the north at incredible speed, making no sound at all.

“I knew that this was not a military or civilian aircraft, and I rushed into 
my house and woke up my parents to tell them what I had just witnessed. 
All of us then went outside to see if we could see the craft, but there was 
nothing.

“I never told the authorities because I didn’t know what to do, and during 
my time in the military I never spoke of the incident as I didn’t want to 
be ridiculed. However, it’s only been in the last two years that I found out 
about the RAF Cosford [Staffordshire] and Shawbury [Shropshire] incidents
, and that what I saw was linked to [other] sightings over the U.K. 
that night.

“Ever since the incident, I have had a feeling of knowing that the craft 
will come back. It makes me feel uneasy, but at the same time I want to 
know where it was from and why it was here. I can’t explain it, but I have it 
in my head that in 2012 something is going to happen and that it’s linked 
to what I witnessed. It’s a feeling that never goes away, and when I go back 
to the spot where I witnessed the incident I get an overwhelming sense 
of uneasiness to this day. I think the military in the U.K. and the United 
States know of these craft but are keeping it under wraps away from the 
public so as not to alarm people. . . .”18

Roger  Wise  and  his  partner  were  traveling  along  the  Telford  Road, 
Bridgnorth, on September 16, 1996, at about 23:00, when an extraordinary 
craft, similar in some respects to the one in Cyprus, appeared. “The object 
was an incredible size, flying slowly from the east,” Roger recounted for me. 
“It was low in the sky, rectangular in shape, rather like a skateboard moving 
sideways, with window lights/portholes all around it, with more than one tier. 
This, with several levels and the size, looked like the equivalent of a battleship.
“It then appeared to slow and from the mid-front released a fully lit 
spinning circle which spun off at top speed-like a flying saucer-toward 
the west and Clee Hill in a matter of seconds. The main UFO then turned 
around and went off back toward the east.”19

YUKON TERRITORY
In  some  previous  books  I  have  referenced  the  encounter  with  three 
UFOs reported by the crew of a Japan Airlines Boeing 747 cargo flight 
over Alaska, en route to Anchorage, on November 17, 1986. During the 
encounter-which was tracked on radar-Captain Kenju Terauchi caught 
a brief glimpse of the main object’s walnut-shaped silhouette, judging it to 
be twice the size of an aircraft carrier.

On the evening of December 11, 1996, a huge craft, estimated by witnesses
 at the time to be “larger than a football stadium” (see photo section), 
was seen in three main areas along the 134-mile stretch of the Klondike 
Highway in Canada’s Yukon Territory. The majority of the twenty-two 
witnesses elected to remain anonymous.

“There was no sound at all coming from the object,” reported the principal
 investigator, Martin Jasek of UFO*BC, and the craft had a “huge, 
and long, row of lights around it. When a witness happened to point his 
flashlight at the craft, it started speeding toward him.

“A beam of light emanating from the bottom of the UFO swept the 
ground once directly underneath the object. Was it a search beam? Looking 
for  him?  The  UFO  then  drifted  slowly  to  the  right.  There  were  other 
beams emanating from the craft as well: a greenish phosphorescent color 
beam shone horizontally out the front (right); two beams at the back (left) 
rotated slowly to a horizontal position. All the beams could be seen clearly, 
as there were ice crystals in the air.”

The only witness to give his name was Don Trudeau, a trapper, who had 
a very close encounter with the craft near the village of Pelly Crossing. In 
company with many other witnesses, he was unable to determine its precise 
configuration, but based on the width of the rows of lights, he came up 
with a length of three quarters of a mile. Estimates of the craft’s actual size 
were determined by triangulation. “This method was employed six times 
to obtain six estimates for the size of the UFO,” explained Martin. “All 
revealed staggering results: the UFO ranged anywhere from 0.55 miles to 
1.3 miles in length!”20

ARIZONA AIR DISPLAY
One  of  the  most  widely  observed  incidents  relating  to  enormous  craft, 
of  varying  shapes,  occurred  on  the  evening  of  March  13,  1997,  when 
thousands of eyewitnesses across Arizona-mostly in the Phoenix area-
reported having seen a mile-long, V-shaped formation of lights, seemingly 
connected and flying relatively close to the ground. In addition to members 
of the public, witnesses included F-16 pilots from Luke Air Force Base and 
a retired pilot in Scottsdale who held ratings in Boeing 747 and DC-10 
airliners. Together with others, the former airline pilot observed a huge 
formation of orange lights, attached to what looked like a structured object 
“at least a mile in area.”

A chevron-shaped craft, like “a carpenter’s square set at 60 degrees” and 
estimated to be at least two city blocks in length, was observed by Tim Ley 
who, together with members of his family, watched as it passed over their 
home. As it did so, the family felt a sensation “almost like stage fright.”21
Ten  years  later,  Fife  Symington  III,  former  governor  of  Arizona, 
admitted to having seen an enormous triangular craft during the extraordinary
 air display that night. A cousin of the late Senator Stuart Symington, 
former Secretary of the Air Force, the governor had hitherto publicly ridiculed
 the incident at a press conference. “Unless the Defense Department 
proves us otherwise,” he stated during a CNN interview, “it was probably 
some form of alien spacecraft.”22 This is how he described what he saw to 
journalist Leslie Kean, author of a New York Times bestseller on UFOs:

“Between 8:00 and 8:30 on the evening of March 13, 1997, during my 
second term as governor of Arizona, I witnessed something that defied logic 
and challenged my reality: a massive, delta-shaped craft silently navigating 
over the Squaw Peak in the Phoenix Mountain preserve. A solid structure 
rather than an apparition, it was dramatically large, with a distinctive leading 
edge embedded with lights as it traveled the Arizona skies. I still don’t know 
what it was. As a pilot and a former Air Force officer, I can say with certainty 
that this craft did not resemble any man-made object I had ever seen.”23

UTAH
Michael Vladeck is an Outward Bound instructor who had an encounter 
on the night of July 5, 1999, a half hour west of Salt Lake City en route 
to an Outward Bound retreat. Researcher Thane Mathis put me in touch 
with the witness, who subsequently sent me his report.

“I pulled off westbound I-80 in Utah onto a ranch exit to put my sleeping 
bag down and get some sleep,” Vladeck wrote. “The view from where I 
stopped for the night, about three quarters of a mile north of the highway, 
had a 360-degree panorama of the juniper- and sage-covered plains. There 
was a consistently present breeze, about twelve to twenty miles an hour, 
and the sky was covered in a thick, low-lying blanket of stratus clouds. I 
could see the lights of Salt Lake City bouncing off them about forty miles 
to the east.”

As he put down his ground pad and bag and prepared to lie down, he 
noticed  that  the  clouds  to  the  west  were  oddly  bright-and  becoming 
brighter. At first he thought it might have been the moon, but when the 
lights continued to brighten even more, he assumed that the “brights” of 
an eighteen-wheeler truck parked on the off-ramp of the highway were 
responsible. “Then, as I was about to get into my bag, a bright light cast 
my shadow on the ground in front of me [and] as I turned around, I saw 
an  enormous  non-aerodynamically  shaped  craft  finish  coming  through 
the clouds. My guess was that it was seven hundred feet away from me 
(although I could be off by an additional three hundred feet, at most).
“It was huge-a 747 airplane could fit inside of it. It seemed to be about 
300 to 350 feet long, 110 to 150 feet wide, and 60-plus feet high. It had 
a  rectangular  base,  and  from  the  super-bright  lights  (I’ll  explain  those 
in a moment) shining off the desert floor and reflecting back upward, it 
appeared as if the side was prowed-out in an arching angle-on the side 
that I saw, as well as the back. The front of the craft was just past me and 
I couldn’t see its shape.

“All of the craft was dark except for one strip of rectangular lights-
about  thirty  of  them  pressed  together  near  the  front  of  the  underside, 
spanning about 100 to 130 feet or so [see sketch below]. The lights were 
very full-spectrum-looking, as the juniper and the desert floor were lit up 
intensely as if they were under very bright daylight.”

“The craft was moving about twenty to thirty miles an hour, heading 
north-northwest, and its elevation remained constant (around five to six 
hundred feet), and it seemed to stay with the contours of the desert floor-
when the land dropped away in the distance, its elevation above the land 
directly below it stayed the same. It also made no sound that I could hear 
at all (while there was a breeze, it was still rather quiet out). There seemed 
to be no kind of propulsion system on it that I could discern.

“When it went out of view, I could still see the clouds above it glowing 
from the craft’s lights off the land and bouncing upward. Then, all told 
about two minutes from my turning around to see it, the lights in the 
distance faded out of sight. That was it. I was so blown away by it all. It 
seemed like I imagined it or dreamed it-even five minutes later. I think 
this was because it was so out of context with anything else I’ve ever seen 
that I had nothing to ground the experience to. . . .”24

BIRMINGHAM, U.K.
Another  witness  profoundly  shocked  by  his  experience  was  Edward 
Bradley of Birmingham. At 20:30 on the evening of Thursday, March 
28, 2002, he was returning on foot from a friend’s former flat in High-
field Road, having collected mail to forward to him. “As I was walking 
down Sherwood Road,” Edward reported to me, “to the left I saw in 
the  distance  three  points  of  light  approaching.  The  only  thing  that 
appeared odd was that the lights were not flashing on and off, as you 
would normally expect to see on an aircraft [apart from the navigation 
lights, that is-Author], and they were very, very bright red. As I carried
 on walking, the shape of the craft appeared in full view-and what 
I saw wasn’t a plane.

“The object was a long triangular craft and at each corner there was a 
red light-three lights in total. It looked red but it didn’t look a natural 
red. It was the same color as blood. The object itself was jet black, the same 
color as a polished lump of coal, and I was standing not underneath it but 
diagonally opposite to it, on the left-hand side of it and less than a quarter 
of a mile away from it. [See photo section.]

“It made no sound and was moving very slowly and steadily. When I say 
‘moving,’ flying is not the word: I think the word is gliding, but it was just 
on a perfect straight course. The part that made my blood run cold was 
that it was as if the sky behind it had suddenly gone flat and was sort of 
shimmering. Imagine a flat black wall and it was affecting what was going 
on behind it. The sky behind it was like black mercury. That shimmering 
effect was very odd. There were no clouds that night. Stars were in the sky 
but not behind the craft-around it, but not behind it. It was having an 
effect on the sky the other side of it.

“It was a huge craft and very, very low indeed. Lengthwise I would 
say it would have fit comfortably into a reasonably-sized football ground. 
It was very close to the tops of the houses in the street and in fact flying 
in the same line as they were in. From the ground, I would say it was at a 
height of a twenty-story block of flats. I watched it go in the direction of 
the Stratford Road toward Solihull and then it just carried on. It didn’t 
shoot away; it carried on at a set speed and a straight course.

“I had a mobile phone with me, but I was so shocked that I never thought 
to film it-I was mentally taking it in. What surprised me was that I have 
often read stories about people who see lights in the distance. But this 
passed me in the street: it was a real object, as clear as seeing a car pass 
you in the street. And it was passing through a heavily built-up part of a 
Birmingham suburb. There wasn’t a soul about in the street at all, and no 
one to speak to or say ‘Did you see that?’ I have no proof whatsoever. My 
only hope is that someone else saw it that night in the U.K., in another 
location. . . .”25

Edward Bradley-whom I have now met-strikes me as an exceptionally 
reliable witness. His background includes positions with the Civil Service, 
the Department of Trade and Industry, Lloyds TSB, and Virgin Trains. 
He currently holds a responsible position in another company.

NOVA SCOTIA
Don Ledger is a Canadian author, pilot, and UFO researcher who lives 
in Labelle, Nova Scotia. I have long respected his integrity and previously 
cited his investigations-and those of Chris Styles-into the Shag Harbour 
incident of 1967, involving an unidentified submergible object (USO).26 In 
a lecture on flying triangles presented at the Halifax UFO International 
Symposium  in  1993,  Don  included  the  report  of  a  giant  craft  seen  by 
Helen M., an experienced amateur astronomer living in Cow Bay, about 
five miles northeast of the City of Halifax/Dartmouth, on the night of 
August 13, 2002.

Helen  had  been  watching  a  few  meteors  when  one,  larger  than  the 
others, appeared out of the constellation of Ursa Major. “It had a long tail 
and rather than winking out immediately, it arced across the sky and over 
her head to the southeast,” Don reports. Instead of gradually fading out, 
however, its progress across the sky was suddenly terminated, “as if it had 
passed behind something . . . there seemed to be a black curtain being 
drawn across it from slightly behind her, from the southeast, [and she] 
was surprised to discover a straight black line was crossing the sky and 
blanking out the stars.
EARTH

“At intermittent moments she could see what she described as ridiculous 
and ludicrous tiny white lights at the outer extremities of this black line as 
they passed over the canopy of trees surrounding her property [and then] 
noticed that one light was trailing the other two and she realized she was 
seeing ‘a perfect black triangle of gargantuan proportions’ [which] was in 
the process of crossing directly over the clearing around her house.”

“If there had been a full moon, I wouldn’t have been able to see it,” said 
Helen. “This thing blocked the entire area of sky above me-we’re talking 
football fields in length and breadth. This thing was enormous-too big 
to be in the air, you would think. It was pitch black, very black. It moved 
very  slowly-ten  miles  an  hour?  There  was  absolutely  no  sound  at  all. 
Everything became very still. And I felt ‘tingly,’ like when you get pins 
and needles, [but] the feeling left when the triangle was out of sight.” The 
entire event lasted about five minutes as the craft passed from the southeast 
and then disappeared over the trees to the northwest.

Helen’s next-door neighbor kept pheasants in a cage on the other side of 
the fence and, atypically, they were not making the usual bird noises and 
remained quite still during the incident. “When I got up the next morning,” 
she told Don, “I had a headache which remained with me all day, and I felt 
nauseous and dizzy once in the afternoon.” The headache remained with 
her until the following day.

“I have to tell you I still feel a little weird about it,” she explained to 
Don. “It’s hard to wrap my mind around the reality of what I saw. But see 
it I did, whatever it was. . . .”

Don  Ledger’s  extensive  inquiries  yielded  other  reports  of  the  craft, 
including input from an air traffic controller who informed him that “there 
was an unknown target with a strong [radar] return at the specified time 
and in the specified area, moving very slowly in the indicated direction.

“He also advised that even though Helen lost it in the treetops, the 
object moved very slowly about that area before moving in over the city. 
He watched the object [on radar] for a ten-minute period [and] advised 
that from time to time while over the Cow Bay area it disappeared, then 
reappeared in and out of the clutter at 1,800 feet-a known floor for radar 
reception in that area. The tapes were recorded off primary radar returns at 
Moncton Center, some eighty nautical miles from Halifax. The computer 
sensor had applied a ‘chicken’s foot’ to the return . . . a ‘Y’ symbol which 
denotes  an  unknown.  There  was  no  transponder  code  attached  to  the 
return, making it a pure primary return.

“With the very real possibility that this object was at 1,800 feet, I re-did 
the math, coming up with a length-on each side-of [about] 4,600 feet,” 
reports Don. “How thick was it? Even one foot of thickness gives us 6.48 million
 cubic feet. For every extra foot of thickness, you add an extra 6.48 million 
cubic feet. Even at a ratio of 20:1, that would make this object 180 feet high, 
comprising over 1.6 billion cubic feet of volume. . . .”27

ALDERMASTON, U.K.
Alien craft have a long history of monitoring our developments in the field 
of nuclear weaponry. Britain’s Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE) is 
located on Ministry of Defence (MoD) property in Aldermaston, Berk-
shire, and it was adjacent to this area that two witnesses-who prefer to 
remain anonymous-encountered a large craft on September 11, 2004. 
One of the witnesses (ML) revealed the details of the encounter to veteran 
investigator Ananda Sirisena, who reports as follows:

“At around 6:30 a.m., ML and his wife were returning home after baby-
sitting at their daughter’s house when they saw a huge object hovering over 
a field, to the right of the road that they were driving on. At the time of the 
sighting, it was a bright dawn with a clear, blue sky. ML had spotted the 
object first through the trees and, while trying to keep it in sight, nearly 
drove into the ditch on the left-hand side of the road. His wife [queried] 
why he was driving in such an erratic manner. He stopped the van and told 
his wife to look out through his window.” She then spotted the craft too. 
“It’s a spaceship!” she declared.

“ML informed me that the object was, in his estimation, many hundreds 
of feet in length, with pastel lights all around that appeared to pulsate softly 
[and] described it as ‘cloud-like,’ saying that the colors around the [central 
rim of the] object were like ‘moving clouds.’ . . . The couple observed the 
object for a short while, which ML estimated to be a few minutes. He had 
gotten out of the van and climbed up on the hood to get a better look. 
I asked ML to sketch the object, [which] shows a classic ‘flying saucer’ 
shape. . . .

“The couple were just past Church Lane, located on Burghfield Road as 
it approached the M4 motorway, near the town of Reading. The massive 
object was hovering over a field adjacent to AWE. . . . Suddenly, from a 
hovering position, the UFO started to move directly over the MoD site, 
then rapidly toward the M4 motorway [and] was out of sight.

“ML is convinced there must have been many other witnesses because 
of the sheer size of the [object] and its proximity to AWE. He is certain 
that  the  object  must  have  been  captured  on  the  innumerable  security 
cameras surrounding the site [and] by drivers on the M4 motorway and 
possibly even picked up by the cameras that monitor traffic on that busy 
link between South Wales and London. . . .”28

TENNESSEE
Some encounters with flying triangles have disturbing consequences. 
In  the  early  morning  hours  of  Saturday,  October  2,  2004,  Sidney,  a 
country and western singer, was driving home from work on a rural 
road in Bristol, Tennessee, when he noticed what appeared to be a fire 
between the trees some distance away. “As he drove,” reported MUFON 
Tennessee  state  section  director  Kim  Shaffer,  “he  again  noticed  the 
‘fire,’ which seemed somewhat brighter and appeared to be moving. He 
neared an intersection near his home and exited his car [for] a better 
look. Slowly, from behind trees, emerged a huge triangle-shaped craft. 
The witness started to run but realized there was nowhere to run to, so 
he stood in awe and watched.

“The craft slowly came into full view, a perfect triangle which the witness
 estimated to be some three hundred feet in length and width, and only 
100 feet or so high, blocking out all the sky. He noted three large domes, 
comparing each dome to twice the size of his car, burning brilliantly a 
reddish orange, lighting the treetops and illuminating the entire bottom 
of the craft. He also noted ‘rib-like’ structures evenly spaced and running 
the width of the craft. [See photo section.]

“As the object passed over the witness’s head, he stated that his skin 
burned,  tingled,  and  felt  really  strange.  He  also  noted  that  the  sound 
seemed to [permeate] throughout his body and, being a professional musician, 
assured me that he could never adequately reproduce the throbbing 
hum he heard. The object passed over the witness, made a westward turn 
without banking, and was gone from his sight.

“The witness went home and tried to sleep but could not get the object 
off his mind. He had managed to get some sleep early that morning and 
awoke to a nosebleed, a metallic taste in his mouth, and his skin feeling 
sunburned on his back and face. He also noted that when he brushed his 
hair, strands of it were coming out in the brush. He also has been weak 
and nauseated since this encounter.”29

I asked Kim Shaffer for his evaluation of the case. “He is a devout 
Christian and would not dare to elaborate anything which took place that 
early morning,” he responded. “Sidney had lost fifteen minutes on his 
electric watch. He has monitored it closely (with the same battery) since 
and it has lost no time whatsoever. He has also been having recurring 
nightmares and been awakened several times by beams of light coming 
in his bedroom and strange noises (humming and buzzing) outside.

“I might add that he was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor 
(very  small-three  millimeters)  in  his  frontal  lobe  just  prior  to  the 
encounter . . . subsequent medical tests (MRI and ultrasound) revealed 
the tumor was gone-I think this was sometime in January 2005.

“I  am  shocked  as  well  by  the  extreme  interest  shown  by  Lockheed 
Martin,  Boeing,  and  the  U.S.  government  to  the  report  on  the  Web 
site immediately after the encounter. As webmaster, I am able to see the 
domains which visit the site. There were hundreds of visits from the aforementioned
 domains, which have never visited before or since.”30

CAMBRIDGE, U.K.
“Why don’t UFOs appear over major cities?” I am frequently asked. To 
which my response is that they have done so, on numerous occasions, such 
as over Aberdeen in 1956 and Phoenix in 1997.

Cambridge may not be a major city in terms of size, but for centuries 
it has remained one of the world’s leading centers of academic excellence. 
In his column in The Independent on Sunday in December 2004, journalist 
Andy Martin reported that while cycling back from a concert on a Friday 
night  in  Newton  Road,  Cambridge-he  neglects  to  give  a  date-for  a 
couple of hundred yards he “had a clear view of a trio of radiant white 
lights in the sky, garnered with a few blinking blue and red lights underneath
 them. What I couldn’t work out was what they were doing there. I 
was pedaling while they remained perfectly still. . . . Obviously, they were 
nothing to do with an aeroplane.

“As I approached the end of Newton Road (where I live), I got off my 
bike and I was looking-slack-jawed-almost straight up. Had the guiding 
star turned up early? In fact, it was more of a starship, the bright lights just 
hanging there in the sky, I would estimate at a height of around four or five 
hundred feet. There was no noise, not a whisper.

“As I looked more closely, I could see the dark outline of a craft that 
was nothing like a plane. There was no central tube and a couple of wings 
poking out at the sides; it was more rounded or at least bulkier. But it was 
big, definitely Jumbo-sized. And it wasn’t going up and it wasn’t coming 
down. It was going neither right nor left. . . .

“A couple of minutes passed by in which nothing-except for this great 
miraculous nothing in the sky-happened. Then, smoothly, gently, quietly, 
the UFO-for it was certainly unidentified and it was a flying object-tired 
of immobility and pulled away from its parking spot, picking up speed as 
it went over my head and over the house in the rough direction of Girton. 
There was a faint rumble-a kind of deep purring noise-as it went by. 
The way it moved had a silky, dancing quality. . . . I raced around into the 
back garden, but it had already vanished.

“I should add, by way of confirmation, that my wife and fourteen-yearold
 son (who had been playing in the concert) were with me at the time. I 
said to them, ‘Was that a UFO?’ ‘Yes,’ said my son. ‘Is there any chocolate 
going?’ . . .

“For at least twenty-four hours I was mentally paralyzed by the conviction 
that there is, indeed, extra-terrestrial life, and some of it had been visiting 
Cambridge. . . . Saturday night found me telling an old friend about my ET 
experience. A blond woman at a neighboring table leaned over and apologized 
for butting in to our conversation, but she couldn’t help overhearing. . . . She 
told us that there is an experimental aircraft facility at Bassingbourn, only a 
few miles away as the UFO flies, probably run by the Americans.31

“She had heard that they were experimenting precisely with noise reduction
 and they tended to fly at night, to keep things hush-hush. But even 
she, she had to admit, was uncertain about the ability of an extremely large 
object to anchor itself in the sky for long periods. . . .”32

My  attempts  at  communicating  with  Andy  Martin  to  learn  more 
unfortunately drew a blank. Of related interest, another journalist had an 
encounter that month. Ian Murray, editor of the Southern Daily Echo, was 
driving along the A31 road toward Ringwood, Hampshire, on December 
7, when at about 16:30 traffic slowed down to watch a strange craft as it 
passed overhead.

“Hovering above us was a triangular-shaped aircraft with a spotlight,” 
Murray describes. “It was slow enough to be a helicopter but dissimilar. 
I mentioned it to the news desk here at the paper. But, I was informed 
by colleagues barely concealing their smirks, checks with Southampton 
Airport and Hampshire Police brought no reports of ‘strange aircraft’ that 
late afternoon. . . .”33

THE CHANNEL ISLANDS
Located in the English Channel between the south coast of the United 
Kingdom and northern France, the Channel Islands are an archipelago of 
British Crown Dependencies. In the spring of 2007, two airliners encountered
two huge craft of unknown origin. The report was first published 
as a front-page exclusive in the Guernsey Press & Star on April 26, but the 
story made more of an impact two months later, following publication of 
an official report by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) confirming the 
incident.

On April 23, 2007, Captain Ray Bowyer was flying an eighteen-seat, 
three-engine Britten-Norman BN-2a Trislander of Aurigny Air Services 
from Southampton to Alderney, with passengers on board. The flight deck 
on this aircraft is not separated from the passengers. At four thousand feet, 
visibility was very good for a hundred miles, with low-level haze up to two 
thousand feet, Bowyer reported. He first spotted a brilliant yellow light 
which he thought was about five or six miles away, but changed his mind 
after another twenty miles, as the object still seemed at a distance.

“I reached for my binoculars while flying on autopilot,” he reports in 
Leslie Kean’s book UFOs, “and, viewing it magnified ten times, found 
that this light-emitting object had a definite shape: that of a thin cigar . . . 
sharply defined, and pointed on both ends. The aspect ratio was approximately
 15:1 and I could clearly see a dark band two-thirds of the way along 
from left to right. . . .

“As I drew nearer to the object, a second identical shape appeared beyond 
the first. Both objects were of a flattened disc shape with the same dark 
area to the right side. They were brilliant yellow with light emanating from 
them. I passed the information to Jersey air traffic control (ATC) and they 
initially said they had no contact. I pressed the point over the next few miles 
and the controller at Jersey, Paul Kelly, then said he had primary contacts 
south of Alderney. . . .

“At this point, the passengers began to notice the unusual things and 
to  ask  about  them.  I  decided  not  to  make  any  announcement  over  the 
intercom so as not to alarm anyone, but it was obvious that some were 
getting  concerned.  By  now  the  two  identical  objects  were  easily  visible 
without binoculars. . . .

“ATC then informed me that there were two reflections from primary 
radar, both to the southwest of Alderney. This was beyond my destination, 
for which I was glad as the objects were becoming uncomfortably close. 
Their brilliance is difficult to describe. . . . They both seemed to be stationary
, but the radar traces proved otherwise: they were actually moving 
away from each other at about six knots. . . .

“Approaching the point to begin descent, twenty miles north-northeast 
of Alderney, I maintained an altitude of four thousand feet to remain in 
good view of the objects. If they started to move off, I wanted to be able 
to take action to avoid them if at all possible.

“Due to my close proximity, the dark area on the right of the nearest 
one  took  on  a  different  appearance  at  the  boundary  between  the  brilliant
 yellow and the dark vertical band. There appeared to be a pulsating 
boundary layer between the two differences in color, some sort of interface 
with sparkling blues, greens, and other hues strobing up and down about 
once every second or so. . . .

“The safety of the passengers is paramount [and] so to land was the 
priority. . . . If the aircraft had been empty, I would have gone a lot closer, 
perhaps  overflown  the  nearer  object  to  gather  further  information  and 
satisfy my curiosity. . . .”
On landing, Captain Bowyer asked if any of the passengers had seen 
anything unusual and, should they want to report it, to leave their name 
and number at the check-in desk. At least six passengers saw the objects, 
two  of  whom-Kate  and  John  Russell-went  public.  Bowyer’s  official 
report, together with a sketch of one object, was sent to Jersey ATC and 
to the Ministry of Defence and the CAA. While in Alderney, he received 
confirmation for the radar traces, from which he deduced that he had been 
about fifty-five miles away from the first object. “It was at this point,” he 
said, “that its massive size became clear, and I estimated it to be up to a 
mile long.”

While inbound to Jersey from the Isle of Man, Captain Patrick Patterson, 
piloting a BAe Jetstream of Blue Islands airways, witnessed one of 
the objects, matching Captain Bowyer’s description.34

My several communications with Captain Bowyer reinforced a conviction
in the validity of this remarkable encounter.

In an interview with an American reporter in 2011, Nick Pope, former 
head of the U.K. Ministry of Defence (MoD) UFO project, commented 
on  the  Channel  Islands  incident,  which  was  included  in  the  release  of 
about nine thousand declassified pages of MoD documents dating from 
1985 to 2007:

“The pilot and several of his passengers saw a UFO, which they said 
was essentially a mile long. And several other pilots saw it, but said, ‘We’re 
not going to report this.’ And here’s the great little get-out-of-jail-free card 
for the MoD: Just by a matter of maybe a few hundred meters, it turned 
out that this was in French air space, so MoD was given this little get-out 
to say, ‘Well, it happened in French air space, so it’s not an issue for us.’ 
Clearly, that was an absolutely outrageous abrogation of responsibility.”35

STEPHENVILLE, TEXAS
Steve Allen and two friends were in their home town of Stephenville on 
the evening of January 8, 2008, when they noticed flashing lights about 
3,500 feet above ground level. “The ship wasn’t really visible and was totally 
silent,  but  the  lights  spanned  about  a  mile  long  and  a  half  mile  wide,” 
Allen told Angelia Joiner of the Stephenville Empire-Tribune (a first-rate 
journalist with whom I have discussed the case in person). “The lights went 
from corner to corner. It was directly above Highway 67 traveling toward 
Stephenville at a high rate of speed-about three thousand miles per hour 
is what I would estimate.”

As  they  watched,  the  lights  reconfigured  themselves  from  a  single 
horizontal line into two sets of vertical lights, about a quarter of a mile 
apart. Then they turned into what looked like white flames. Some kind of 
fireball, perhaps? This was discounted when about ten minutes later the 
object or objects returned and flew overhead. “Two military jets, possibly 
F-16s, were in pursuit,” said Allen, a private pilot,36 who later appeared on 
CNN’s Larry King Live show, together with others.

Major Karl Lewis, a spokesman for the 301st Fighter Wing at the Joint 
Reserve Base Naval Air Station, Fort Worth, denied that F-16s or any 
other aircraft were in the area on the night of January 8.37 Later that month, 
however, he admitted that ten F-16s had been in the area at the time “on 
training  missions,”  and  eventually  the  Mutual  UFO  Network  was  able 
successfully to requisition the relevant radar data.

One  afternoon  in  early  January-prior  to  any  publicity  about  the 
sightings-Ricky Sorrells, a machinist, was hunting on his sixteen-acre 
property,  three  miles  outside  of  Dublin,  Texas,  about  ten  miles  from 
Stephenville, where he lives with his wife and children. While easing 
through  a  stand  of  trees  some  distance  behind  his  home,  he  casually 
glanced upward, continued on, then froze in his tracks. “I took a step 
or two, and then I realized what my eyes had seen,” he told journalist 
Ronald Erdrich. “I look back up, and there it is. It’s covered the sky, as 
far as you can see.”

Viewed through his rifle’s telescopic sight, the object appeared as very 
large, without seams, nuts, or bolts. “The only distinct characteristics were 
cone-like protrusions on the bottom that he surmised had something to do 
with keeping it airborne, and a subtle wavering in the atmosphere beneath 
it, like heat rising off pavement in the summertime,” Erdrich reported. 
“The object lingered for a moment, and then quickly took off to the north, 
though it didn’t seem to disturb the air when it did so.”38

Following media publicity, Sorrells came to regret having spoken about 
it. “Sorrells believes military officials have been harassing him by flying 
military  aircraft  over  his  property  at  low  altitudes,  at  all  hours,”  wrote 
Angelia Joiner. “Not just once, but four times, he claims to have seen the 
massive flying object he estimates to be the length of ‘three or four football 
fields.’ . . .”

The day after speaking with the Associated Press, Sorrells was contacted 
by a man who implied he was an Air Force lieutenant colonel, and whose 
behavior became threatening. The colonel also seemed responsible for an 
ensuing spate of harassment by low-flying military helicopters (often in 
the small hours) as well as by F-16s over Sorrell’s property.39

The Stephenville events generated worldwide media interest for many 
weeks, leading many researchers to believe that finally-perhaps-disclosure
 was just around the corner. It was not to be.

MONMOUTH, U.K.
In September 2008, the historic border town of Monmouth, South East 
Wales,  was  visited  by  flying  triangles.  One  of  the  witnesses,  Finian 
Handley, contacted me early in 2010 after hearing an interview on Radio 
Wyvern in which I discussed the incidents. Finian asked if I had known 
his late father, the conductor Vernon “Tod” Handley, who died on September
 10, 2008. I was delighted to tell him that I had indeed worked 
with Tod in various orchestras and that, in company with my colleagues, 
held him in high regard for his fine musicianship and “stick” technique. 
Unlike many conductors, he was genuinely modest, devoid of superficial 
showmanship-and always cheerful.

Finian is a taxi driver. At around 21:30 on September 26, while driving 
with a passenger through Whitchurch, a few miles from Monmouth, two 
black triangles appeared “almost directly over the car, going slowly in the 
opposite direction,” he related to me. Four blue lights could be seen along 
the back of each craft. “The triangles were only a meter or two apart. This 
seemed very strange for two craft to be so close together.” The passenger 
also witnessed the craft, which then disappeared from view. But more was 
to follow, at around 22:00.

“As I came back into Monmouth, now alone, I saw two ‘orbs,’ one 
above the other, hovering just above the trees in Chippenham Park, right 
next to the A40 dual carriageway. I continued through the traffic lights 
and directly past the orbs, which were only four lanes away from me and 
a few meters above the trees at most. I was so close to them as I passed 
them-less than fifteen meters.

“I noticed that the bottom orb had what I can only describe as a chink or 
splinter of light coming out of the bottom right side, as if the orb was beginning
 to change shape. I pulled over (on the slip road over the River Wye 
that leads to Beech Road) as quickly as possible. In this short period-ten 
seconds at most-they must have completely changed into black triangles, 
because by the time I’d got out of the car and turned to look at the orbs, 
there were triangles in the same spot, one beside the other.”40

“They were low enough to hit with a stone, about the height of two and 
a half lamp posts stacked on top of each other,” Finian told a local reporter.
“There  were  several  lights  on  them,  arranged  symmetrically  on  the 
underside (represented by black dots in the drawing) and there were white 
lights  on  the  three  points  of  each  triangle.  I  can’t  remember  the  exact 
layout of the lights on the underside except that there were at least three 
different colors, including white and red, and definitely a row of four blue 
lights along the back end.

“Each triangle was a bit larger than a small passenger jet. They hovered 
for a second over Chippenham Park [see photo section], then started to 
slowly move toward me but slightly to my right. Both objects were clearly 
identical in every way and were moving slower than five miles an hour, 
taking  at  least  fifteen  seconds  just  to  pass  over  the  dual  carriageway. 
They were absolutely silent and there were no other cars on the road at 
the time. . . .”41

“As they slowly and silently crossed the dual carriageway, they elongated 
slightly,” Finian recounted for me. “They momentarily also shimmered, as if 
becoming partially transparent, but literally for only a second. Then they 
made a decisive turn away from me-about ninety degrees-and as 
they departed, all of the different colored lights on the underside, including 
the flat oval blue lights, faded to white.42

“After passing over the dual carriageway, they both turned slightly left, 
keeping perfect formation, now traveling toward the Kymin [a wooded hill 
overlooking the Wye Valley and Monmouth]; then a few seconds later they 
split up, one continuing toward the Kymin and the other departing straight 
up the dual carriageway, maintaining the same speed and height. . . .”43
“I saw exactly the same thing over Wyesham (above Monmouth) on the 
same evening,” wrote one anonymous witness, “the only difference being 
that what I saw, I believe, was earlier in the evening and the direction was 
slightly  different.  But  his  description  of  the  two  ‘craft,’  the  lights,  etc., 
everything was eerily the same . . . these two objects came from a northerly 
direction, just below the Kymin. But the really bizarre thing that occurred 
to me as they drew closer and eventually passed over my house was that 
they were hardly moving-traveling really slowly.”44

About a year earlier, Finian told me, he had seen similar craft in Monmouth
,  approximately  a  mile  away  from  those  observed  in  September 
2008. “As I pulled up to my sister’s house around seven or eight p.m.,” he 
recounted, “I saw two ‘orbs’ descend out of the sky. I lost sight of them as 
I drove up to the house and parked. As I got out of the car and looked to 
where the orbs had been, I now saw two equilateral black triangles flying 
almost directly above my head, roughly the size of Big Ben, each with a 
central white flashing strobe. . . .”45

DORSET, U.K.
Similar flying triangles were encountered by a couple in Dorset on October 
23 or 24, 2008. “My husband and I were overwhelmed by the sight of 
three ‘roundly’ triangular, large objects, which moved through the sky at 
a low level toward us/our car and then hovered above us on a country lane 
between Corfe Castle and Langton House (a Holiday Property Bond site) 
on the Isle of Purbeck,” Judith Relf wrote to me. “This was one weekday 
evening as we drove home after dinner.

“We were 100% sober, we both saw the same gently moving objects, we 
stopped the car and agreed to get out of the car to see if we could decide 
what the objects were-perhaps the sound of them would give us a clue 
(helicopter/microlite?)-but there was no sound. The objects were too large 
to be Chinese lanterns and there were three distinct colors-red, green, 
and white lights-on what looked like the underside of the object. They 
hovered for a full two or three minutes: surely an aeroplane doesn’t silently 
hover? We watched outside the car and then felt ‘spooked’ and decided to 
get back inside. The objects didn’t move away before we did. We started the 
engine and my husband ‘put his foot down’ and focused ahead on getting 
back to our holiday apartment. The objects then just faded off/away and 
we couldn’t see them anywhere.

“Afterwards, when we came home we told my mother and one of our two 
friends, one of whom was a ‘top dog’ in the Ministry of Defence, about our 
sightings but, afraid of being labeled ‘mad,’ we have kept this experience to 
ourselves. . . . Our MoD friend said that there’s a military base near to Pur-
beck, and it was probable that experiments being conducted there would 
be the explanation. We accepted this-and who were we to argue?”46

Leviathans of the skies continue to be reported around the world. With 
the inexorable and exponential advances in alien-derived technology, it is 
more than likely that quite a number of these vehicles are manufactured 
on Earth. Yet it is hard to reconcile the majority of reports with such an 
assumption. . . .

============================================================================
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN. EXPLOITATION

Marius Boirayon, a former Royal Australian Air Force engineer, had 
recently returned with his wife Miriam from the New Georgia 
group, part of the Solomon Islands in the Pacific Ocean, where 
they had acquired a beautiful island. Since they required new rental accommodation
 on Guadalcanal, Marius sought the assistance of his native friend 
Joseph, who selected a three-bedroom timber property at Cape Esperance. 
Marius thus became the first white man to live in that area.

No dates are given for the following incidents, possibly owing to the 
natives’ reluctance to discuss their many disturbing incidents with outsiders. 
All we are told in this narrative by Marius-which he wrote in 2003-is 
that his later investigations in the Islands took place in 1996, 1997, and 
2002.

“That night,” Marius reports, “I started up the generator and sat back 
with Joseph and a few new friends to relax and have a beer. Later that night, 
when I was finding out a little bit more about the area, Joseph told me that 
I had to watch out for the ‘Dragon Snake.’ . . . They told me that it comes 
out of the mountains at night and flies around, [and,] with its piercing red 
eyes, has been feared for generations. It was responsible for people going 
missing and for killing people.”

A few days later, Marius was fishing with another friend, Ci-Ci, when 
Joseph-who  had  been  spearfishing-suddenly  shouted  for  his  friends’ 
attention, pointing down to the beach. “There! There!” he cried. “The 
Dragon Snake!”

“As I looked down the beach,” Marius continued, “I couldn’t believe 
what I was seeing. About a kilometer away, there was a very bright, luminous
white object flying slowly over the water. I remember asking myself 
whether I was really seeing it. I called out for my wife Miriam to bring 
my binoculars.

“After focusing in on the star-like, brilliantly lit object, I noticed that 
it was about sixty feet around and seemed to make no noise. We watched 
it for a couple of minutes until it submerged itself into the sea. Joseph told 
me to wait about ten minutes and I’d see it come back out again, which it 
did! When it came back out of the water, it was glowing twice as brightly as 
when it went in. We continued to watch it with my binoculars as it returned 
to the coast in the direction whence it had come, until it disappeared out 
of sight over the top of the coconut trees.

“Somewhat startled by this experience, we went back into the house and 
sat talking about this ‘Dragon Snake’ until the early hours of the morning. 
They told me that if you didn’t see it one night, you were quite likely to 
see it the next. They were right. In fact, over a seven-month period, I lost 
count of these sightings when they reached the sixty mark. So while we sat 
talking about this object, I explained the structure of the universe to Joseph 
and Ci-Ci. I showed them my copy of a Time-Life book, The Universe, 
with its space-type pictures, and said that these so-called ‘Dragon Snakes’ 
were what white men call ‘Unidentified Flying Objects.’ They were absolutely
amazed, as they had spent their whole life fearing this thing with 
superstition and having no real understanding of it. Yet, for that matter, I 
was also a little fearful.

“This sighting was the first of well over sixty more to follow, during 
which time I investigated the UFO waterfall lake base of northwest Guadalcanal 
and later the UFO bases of the central east coast of Malaita and 
central Small Malaita [also known as South Malaita or Maramasike]. 
This first sighting, though, had completely changed my mind about the 
existence of extraterrestrials, and a little investigation revealed that this 
so-called Dragon Snake had been in the area for well over a century. I 
realistically began thinking in terms of extraterrestrials inhabiting our 
planet.”

A SERIOUS THREAT
Extensive investigations by Marius revealed that the aliens had displayed 
contemptible  behavior  toward  the  natives  of  Guadalcanal  and  Malaita. 
“Indeed,” he adds, “there have been several outright abductions and murders
. For example, the grandfather of a good friend of mine was incinerated 
by one of these UFOs around the early 1900s. Several independent sources 
have verified this. Countless horrific stories can be heard throughout these 
islands.”

One theory that Marius came up with was that these craft-which 
I  classify  as  “unidentified  submergible  objects”  (USOs)-seemed  to 
display an interest in the numerous wrecked Allied naval ships, such as 
the HMAS Canberra and USS Chicago, destroyed by the Japanese Navy 
in World War II during the huge naval battles around Guadalcanal in 
late 1942 and early 1943. “Why the UFOs had so much of an interest in 
these old warships became a somewhat baffling problem for me at the 
time,” he says.

Determined  to  learn  more,  Marius  approached  two  tribal  chiefs  for 
further information about the Dragon Snake. “My suspicions were right: 
the chiefs knew a lot about it. One of the chief’s brothers had been killed 
by it when he was only a little boy. They told me several stories of deaths 
and abductions, all of which confirmed to me that these UFOs are definitely
 not friendly. They may be friendly in other places in the world, but 
certainly not here.”

The tribal chiefs pointed Marius in the direction of the Dragon Snake’s 
“house,” which they said lay in an unnamed mountain, which for convenience
 Marius named “Mount Dragon,” part of the mountain range which 
includes Mt. Poporia, about eight kilometers inland. “They told me of a 
big waterfall high up in the mountain with a lake beneath, into which the 
water falls . . . inside that lake is where the Dragon Snake lives. A further 
study of Mount Dragon revealed that there is a small lake in the mountain
 that is the beginning of a river. . . . What was at the bottom of this 
waterfall lake, and how many UFOs were there? I had to stop speculating 
on answers to these questions, as all of this was starting to sound a lot like 
a science-fiction movie. . . .”

One morning shortly afterward, Joseph informed Marius that a fisherman
 he knew had been taken to hospital with burns to most of his body 
sustained from a UFO two nights previously. The two visited the injured 
man. “He was covered in bandages from head to toe,” said Marius, “and 
was in a great deal of pain, but doped up with pethidine. Joseph began to 
speak to him in the Guadalcanal language to try and find out exactly what 
had happened to him. . . .

“He had been out fishing in his fiberglass boat at about 3:00 a.m. 
when he saw the Dragon Snake flying along [and] started flashing his 
torch at it. That was when it flew over to him in an instant and hovered 
overhead. Panicking, he started the motor and took off to get away from 
the Dragon Snake, but it followed him as he ‘zigzagged’ his way back 
to shore. It was during this short pursuit to the beach that it fired some 
form of light at him, but it only partially hit him. A later inspection 
of his nineteen-foot boat showed traces of scorching upon some of the 
boat’s interior paint.

“He said that when he drove his boat up the beach and ran into the bush, 
the Dragon Snake followed him to where he was hiding behind a tree and 
hovered above. When he moved around to the other side of the tree, it also 
went around to the other side. It was then that he literally got down on 
his knees and prayed to God with his hands clasped in front of him. With 
that, the Dragon Snake moved on. After that, he stumbled his way back 
to his village and was taken to hospital.

“It was an incredible story, but true,” Marius stresses. “He definitely 
had no reason to be lying. These kinds of UFO encounters have happened 
on numerous occasions over the past century but, strangely enough, the 
Solomons being the way they are, reports have not been taken seriously.”
In discussions about these aliens with his father-in-law John, Marius 
explained how some white men believe they are about four feet tall with a 
large head, big eyes, four fingers, and so on. John said there was a book in 
the Solomon Islands Cultural Museum with pictures describing just this 
sort of being. They decided to visit the museum.
“There  it  was,”  said  Marius.  “This  fifteen-page  book  had  fourteen 
detailed hand-drawn sketches of aliens just like the ones we are all used 
to seeing on television. An islander had compiled this short collection of 
drawings for the museum from different eyewitness accounts. . . . What 
I wanted to know was, how could the Solomon Islanders know anything 
about these kinds of aliens, when 99.99 percent of them had never had any 
significant type of exposure to white man’s media? Most of the old tribal 
people still thought that the stars were caused by pinpricks in the sky and 
that the Earth was flat. . . .”

FURTHER EXPERIENCES
Marius  pondered  on  the  possible  consequences  of  pursuing  the  matter 
any further. “I had initially gone out to the Solomons to enjoy an early, 
youthful retirement and certainly had not expected to be chasing UFOs,” 
he explains. “But as a former military man, I couldn’t stop thinking about 
the fact that this UFO was continually going near ships that had been 
involved in a great battle where thousands of men had lost their lives in 
the cause of freedom. It seemed as if this UFO was robbing graves. This 
weighed heavily on my mind for weeks.”

One night while fishing, Marius watched the UFO submerge near the 
wreck of the USS Chicago1 and then resurface, shining more brightly. As 
he peered through his binoculars, he noticed a ship heading in his direction
. “From the trigonometric perspective, the UFO couldn’t see the ship 
because of the point that was shielding its view,” he assumed. “However, 
I had both the UFO and the ship in my field of view. After about thirty 
seconds, when the UFO did see the ship it instantly vanished . . . as if it 
had turned off its lights. I took my binoculars from my eyes. I was not 
sure if the craft had instantly accelerated or had somehow cloaked itself. 
Yet it seemed that the UFO didn’t mind the indigenous people seeing 
it, but it did mind when someone saw it who would possibly know of its 
real identity.”

Marius and Joseph planned an expedition to Mount Dragon, having 
worked out that the “Dragon Snake” most likely would travel to and from 
its base via a five-kilometer-long valley that runs in a northward direction 
past Mt. Dragon. “After searching the area for a suitable position,” Marius 
reports, “we chose an accessible eight-hundred-foot mountain that had all 
the requirements we needed.”

The following day, the men gathered all the equipment they needed, 
including Marius’s 30-shot 7.62mm gun and a shotgun, in the event of an 
attack by wild pigs. “We knew that the UFO had the habit of appearing at 
around 10:00 p.m. or 3:00 a.m.” After parking their car in the bush, they 
climbed to the top of the mountain with the aid of torchlights. This gave 
them a commanding 270-degree view. “With a clear view of the sea to the 
left of us and the valley’s entrance to the right, there was no way that we 
were going to miss seeing the UFO when it made its appearance-and 
we didn’t.

“Having sat up half the night, watching and waiting and having a few 
beers to pass the time, at 2:35 a.m. we saw the first glimmer of the UFO’s 
light leaving the valley’s entrance. There was an air of excitement. . . . 
While training my binoculars on the UFO, I noticed that it was traveling 
toward our direction at a fair rate of speed, which we estimated later to be 
about a hundred knots. We had been watching it approach us for close on 
a minute when it came past at an estimated height of three hundred feet, 
half a kilometer away. No sooner had this UFO passed by than it took 
an instantaneous 45-degree turn to the left and then accelerated away 
at phenomenal speed . . . and we watched the UFO’s light diminishing 
over the horizon within seconds while still traveling at near sea level.”

Marius determined to make an expedition up the valley sometime to 
film the UFO. But he only had a Kodak Instamatic which was of no use 
at night, and video cameras were neither cheap to buy nor available to 
borrow from anyone he knew. Weeks went by. And the craft continued 
to appear regularly.

“One morning at 3:00  a.m. a couple of weeks later,” Marius reports, 
“Joseph and I were on the grass outside the house, husking coconuts around 
a fire, when we noticed the UFO. We observed that it was slowly moving 
in our direction. It started to get closer and closer, and it seemed to us that 
if it continued on the path it was on, it would overfly us.

“As it came progressively even closer, we started to move to the door of 
the house. Both Joseph and I were standing at the door when it flew over 
the nearby trees and over the top of the house. The brilliance of its white 
light radiated the whole area as if we were standing amidst the light of a 
dozen arc welders at once. This was the first time that I could clearly see 
the vehicle’s sphere [shape] with my naked eye. It made no noise as it eerily 
passed over us. In fact, at the time we made audible comments to each 
other about what was happening. After it went by, we both ran out to see 
it disappearing over the trees further on. Joseph had experienced this sort 
of thing before-but I hadn’t.”

Marius became partly overcome by a feeling of helplessness and inadequacy
 around that time, due to his constantly “questioning the reality of 
it all.”

MALAITA BASES
In 1996, 1997, and 2002, Marius made further research trips to the island 
of Malaita, which is separated from Guadalcanal by the Indispensable 
Strait.  According  to  members  of  his  wife’s  family,  NASA  first  made 
contact with the occupants of a subterranean alien base in central east 
Malaita in 1961. “This is how they began to gain what partial technology 
they have today,” he claims. “It was through blackmail. This happened 
because when the great [British] geologist Mr. Gropher was doing his few 
expeditions in the area in between 1958 and 1960, he saw these UFOs, 
then reported back to the U.K. (the ruling colonial power at the time) 
about them.

“Apparently, in 1961, a white man who claimed to be from NASA 
came to that part of the island and asked for assistance from my wife’s 
relatives to take him to the UFO subterranean base entrances, which 
they did. I am the only white man ever to have married a woman from 
the Kwaio, who live in that area. This NASA guy was gone a week and 
then returned, asking my wife’s relatives for further assistance to take 
him back to these places.

“There is a fifty-meter-diameter bottomless circular reef in amongst the 
surrounding ten-meter-deep coral reef a few miles north of Kwoi Island 
(on the border of the Kwaio and Kwara’ae tribes) and south of Namo’ere’ere 
in  central  east  Malaita.  Singalanggu  Harbor  is  slightly  further  south. 
UFOs can be seen going in and out of that reef virtually every night. . . . 
On mainland Malaita, about three to four miles directly inland from that 
circular reef entrance is a lake which has two connected entrances/exits. 
When the boys are out fishing at night, they see the UFOs going in one 
entrance and coming out the other. A UFO coming out of this lake at 
dusk incinerated my good friend’s grandfather, and everyone in the area 
knows about it.

“The aliens have instilled fear in these people for generations, and many 
people have gone missing. In the Kwaio and Kwara’re areas, there are three 
entrances in their jungle mountains that I know of where these ‘balls of 
light’-type UFO vehicles can be seen entering and exiting. It is my belief 
that these entrances are not individual bases but are all connected, making 
up one big UFO base under the island. I may be wrong, but I also believe 
that one of the many reasons why they are here is that, for reasons of their 
own, they are mining a very rare type of gemstone under this kimberlite 
rock volcanic island.

“The  gemstones  that  my  wife’s  relatives  possess  have  a  far  higher 
specific gravity than that of diamonds, and a refractive index such that 
when you put the stone in light, you see your mirror image in the center 
of the stone. I once had a 32.4 carat ‘ET stone’ with these characteristics
. There are some old folklore stories supporting the interest in these 
unique stones. Furthermore, as there are many remnants of the Ramo 
civilization that can be found on top of the island and the aliens underneath
, there is every chance there is a connection. And that goes for on 
Guadalcanal, too.”

Marius  also  describes  a  “waterfall  lake  UFO  base”  in  south  Malaita 
where he has also witnessed activity. This base, he says, is located some 
three kilometers from Affiou, the main town. “About a kilometer up the 
jungle mountain is their base entrance,” he asserts, “where they can be seen 
entering  and  exiting  nearly  every  night,  and  also  brazenly  and  casually 
flying along the passage.

“Many Solomon Islanders have told me of flat stingray-type UFOs2 
with big round lights underneath them that hum as they go along. They 
sometimes see them flying low over the jungle and surfacing out of the 
sea near where they are fishing. The UFOs have landed near villages, and 
(white or black) people who get out of them have strange gray uniforms, not 
seen anywhere else in the world. You can make your own deductions there.
“If there were ever a place that one could call ‘UFO Headquarters,’ it 
would have to be central Malaita. Mind you, these are the only ones I 
know of. Goodness knows what else there is in the rest of the Solomon 
Islands. . . .”3 And, I dare say, in the rest of “our” planet.4

THE ENCHANTED ISLE
In  the  U.S.  Commonwealth  of  Puerto  Rico-the  so-called  “enchanted 
isle”-sightings of alien craft and their occupants are commonplace. Having 
made  seven  research  trips  there,  I  formed  the  unequivocal  conviction, 
in company with leading investigator Jorge Martín and others, that the 
island and its surrounding waters are used as an alien base. Since I have 
published numerous reports of encounters in previous books, I shall restrict 
the information in this chapter to some important and more recent further 
events-mostly from 2005 to 2010.

Around  midnight  on  May  15,  2005,  a  large  triangular  craft  was 
reported by a number of witnesses in San Juan. One of the witnesses, 
“Wilfredo,” was driving near Luis Muñoz Marín International airport 
where he worked. “I was in the town of Carolina near the Los Angeles 
development, on an avenue exactly facing the airport,” he told researchers 
Willie Durand Urbina and José A. Martínez Echevarria. “Then I saw 
a glow that came from behind a hill. That’s when I heard dogs barking 
and birds singing [as if] desperate. I was frightened. Then, when I looked 
behind me, I saw a very large glow. But I couldn’t see the craft because I 
was inside the van. I pulled the van over and got out. That’s when I saw 
an immense triangular object.

“I can’t give you the exact measurements, but I can tell you [and compare 
it] to the size of a ball park-or two enormous ball parks. It was going 
very slowly and passed directly over me. There was no sound, just a light 
coming out of the middle. It seemed that the light emitted some sort of 
heat. It made no noise whatsoever and was going slowly, very slowly, and 
that’s when the van’s engine and lights went out.

“I  took  my  camera  phone  and  tried  to  take  photos  of  the  object, 
but I had to remove the filter to lower the light intensity, because it 
couldn’t  be  seen  in  the  photos  I  had  taken.  That’s  how  I  managed 
to photograph the craft. Then I took another photo from inside my 
vehicle.  And  that’s  strange,  because  nothing  electrical  worked-yet 
my cell phone worked. I tried to turn the engine over-but nothing. 
It’s as if they wanted me to take a picture. The streetlights went out as 
it flew overhead, flying over the parking lot and away. I also found it 
strange that the airport lights also went out. And the clouds were lit 
up by the object as it departed.”

Two weeks after the encounter, Wilfredo noticed that the paint on his 
van began to show little spots, blood-red or mud-colored, throughout the 
entire vehicle, which could not be removed. Another two weeks later he 
became ill. “I’ve never been so sick,” he said. “I’m a very healthy person. 
I don’t know if it had anything to do with the experience.” Blood tests 
proved negative.

Shortly after, Wilfredo’s car was stolen. “That happened after I spoke 
to a female co-worker who claimed to have been abducted by aliens. She 
told me about her experiences, and two days later I felt as though I was 
being watched.”5

Since early 2007, Wilfredo observed the same, or similar, huge craft 
over the airport control tower on many occasions, typically between 
20:20 and 20:30. This time using the pseudonym “Mr. Rodriguez” 
(owing to his work at the airport), he decided to board a scheduled 
American Eagle flight departing at 20:30 for Vieques, an island off 
the east coast of Puerto Rico, together with a skeptical friend, to see 
the object more closely and gain the support of another witness. As 
Lucy Guzman reports:

“Rodriguez says that as the American Eagle flight gained altitude, 
it was necessary to look toward Route #3, as this was where the light 
appears to emerge from, toward the beach area. The UFO approached 
the plane sufficiently [for him to realize] that it was larger than the 
airliner.  It  then  made  a  U-turn,  heading  toward  Fajardo,  and  then 
Vieques,  as  though  heading  for  the  nearby  islands.  He  says  that  he 
alerted all of the passengers and asked the co-pilot about the strange 
light, who replied [in English]: ‘Forget about it,’ which led Rodriguez 
to believe that pilots are forbidden to discuss what is going on, or else 
did not want to alarm them. The same event happened on the return 
trip from Vieques to San Juan.”6

REPEATED ENCOUNTERS
In 2005, Maria M. Rivera and her family began to experience a series 
of alarming encounters with alien beings in Aguada, northwest Puerto 
Rico. At about 03:00 on November 10, Maria and her daughter heard a 
weird humming sound, like a hurricane wind, going by the house. “The 
sound was so strange that it penetrated our ears,” the report she sent me 
begins. “When my daughter Barbie and I looked outside, we observed what 
appeared to be a disc-shaped object moving westward toward the rear of 
the  house  where woodland  and  a  huge  antenna  are  located,  and which 
leads all the way to the Atlantic Ocean.

“The disc was silver in color with a row of windows around it and had 
a greenish haze or aura covering the craft. All the windows appeared to 
be a darker greenish color. The craft appeared to be descending as though 
it was about to land somewhere behind the house. We lived in Brooklyn, 
New York, near Kennedy Airport for over 20 years [so] I know what we 
have seen, and the sounds it made were very unusual, something we’ve 
never heard and seen before. After that, my daughter and I heard the same 
sound at least twice a week.”

On April 28, 2006, at about 03:00, Maria again heard the same sound. 
“Ten or fifteen minutes later, I heard my dog Dora barking continuously in the 
backyard. When I went to investigate, turning on the backyard light, I observed 
my dog lying on her back with her four legs up, apparently unconscious. The 
dog was chained to a metal pole next to the back fence which separates my 
property from the rain forest in the back (owned by the U.S. government). I 
called her name, but she did not respond. When I lifted my eyes and looked 
at the fence, about twenty-five feet from where I was standing, I observed two 
creatures standing close to and behind the chain-link fence, looking at me.

“One of the aliens was about three feet from the dog, and about five 
feet from the other. They were about three and a half feet tall with a large 
oval head and big black slanted eyes. They had pale grayish skin, a barely 
visible slit for a mouth, and two little holes for a nose. They also had very 
skinny arms and seemed not to have any clothes on. Their legs were not 
showing because under the fence was a cinder-block wall about one and a 
half feet high. I could only see them from the waist up.” [Maria’s sketch 
appears on the next page.]

“The aliens were staring at me and I was staring at them. I think that 
they were reading my mind when I said mentally, ‘I’m going to wake up my 
husband, Nelson,’ because when I left the window and walked through the 
hallway leading through to the bedrooms to wake him up, they detoured me 
to the other bedroom to wake up my seventeen-year-old daughter instead. 
I woke her up and both of us went to the dining room window where we 
observed the creatures still standing in the same place.

“Again, they stared at us and we stared straight into their large black 
eyes for a while. My daughter said to me, ‘Mommy, I’m going back to bed 
because I’m scared, and I won’t be able to sleep.’ I then followed her to 
the bedroom because she was afraid to go by herself. Approximately ten 
minutes later, I returned to the dining room window, and the aliens were 
still in the same location.

“While staring straight into their black eyes, the one closest to the dog 
was telling me in my mind to open the door leading to the back yard. I said 
in my mind, ‘I’m not going to open the door.’ He demanded telepathically, 
‘You’re going to open the door.’ I then felt myself moving toward the door 
and was getting drowsy.

“I don’t remember what happened after that. I woke up in my bed [and] 
asked my daughter if she had seen the same thing, in case I was imagining 
things. She described the incident and the creatures in the same way and 
manner I described them. We then told my husband, who slept in a separate 
bedroom facing the back yard, because my daughter was afraid to sleep by 
herself, so I had to sleep with her.”

Nelson confirmed having heard the dog barking furiously in the direction
 of the rain forest at about 03:00. He looked outside without getting 
out of bed and assumed she was barking at a cat, and did not look in the 
direction of the rain forest and fence. He then fell back to sleep.

“What concerns me the most,” Maria stressed to me, “is that my husband
 informed me that he discovered the back door open when he got up 
at about 8:00 in the morning, but did not know what had happened. My 
daughter informed me she opened her eyes about 5:00 in the morning and 
did not find me next to her in bed. She thought I was in the bathroom 
or somewhere around the house and went back to sleep. And the dog did 
not want to eat or drink anything for days and was lying down, apparently 
sick. . . . We did take Dora to the vet, but did not dare to mention that 
some ‘aliens’ were seen next her. She was just given an antibiotic injection.”
On  May  1,  2006,  at  about  00:50,  while  sitting  in  the  living  room 
talking on the phone, Maria noticed a large bright light moving through 
the woods. “The light was so bright that it illuminated the inside of the 
house. I informed my husband and we immediately closed all the louver 
windows in the kitchen and dining room. I became hysterical and began 
to cry because I thought they were after me, and my husband had to calm 
me down.

“At approximately 2:00 a.m. the same night, I heard the same sound 
again over the house like something hitting the flat concrete roof which 
shook the house as if something had landed there. We were afraid, but did 
not call the police for fear of being ridiculed. It was such a terrifying experience
 that we didn’t even consider going outside to check it out. Instead, 
the three of us huddled in one bed. . . . Could it be possible that I did 
open the backyard door and was abducted by aliens? I don’t know, [but] 
I have dotted puncture marks on my left hand [in a circular pattern] and 
had a slight burning pain which gradually diminished as time went by. . . .”
A week or so later, Maria and her family went to visit the mayor of 
Aguada, Luís A. Echevarria, at City Hall, but he was unavailable. Instead, 
they notified Martín Concepción of Puerto Rico’s Civil Defense Agency 
and handed him their written testimony. He said he would investigate and 
ask the Municipal Police to patrol the area, copying in the mayor. Nothing 
more was heard.

On May 11, Maria and Nelson were interviewed on Channel 5, but the 
interviewer tried to debunk their experiences, citing Puerto Rican superstitions
and hoaxed claims. “My husband and I were so upset,” said Maria. 
“We told him that we are honest people, not superstitious, and just because 
someone lied, it does not mean that we are liars.

“We even sent e-mails to several Puerto Rican UFO investigative 
organizations, but they did not e-mail us back. We did not know who to 
turn to since we were not getting help from anyone here on the island. 
So  my  husband  and  I  started  sending  e-mails  to  the  U.S.  mainland 
and to other countries to see whether someone or some organization 
would help us.”

FURTHER INCIDENTS
Maria compiled a list of further incidents, which I summarize as follows:
june 5, 2006, ca. 03:00-After watching television, Maria went to get a 
glass of milk before retiring for the night. As she walked through 
the living room on her way to the bedroom, she observed a creature 
peeping  through  the  glass-pane  window  on  the  main  entrance 
door. She surmised that “he” was standing on top of a patio chair, 
assuming it was the same height as the previous creatures. She also 
said it scared her as it looked “older, meaner” with a sinister look on 
its face. She woke her husband, who grabbed a machete and went 
out on the balcony. But the creature had disappeared.

october 22, 2006, ca. 23:00-A blackout affected Aguada for three hours. 
At about midnight, Maria awoke her husband so he could hear a 
weird humming sound emanating from behind the house in the 
rain forest.

february 25, 2007, ca. 04:00-Maria observed a disc-shaped craft, similar 
to the one she had seen before, from her bedroom window. About 
thirty feet in diameter, it was hovering motionless some 130 feet 
from the house and the same distance from the ground. She was 
able to observe aliens, who in turn were observing her through 
viewing  ports,  silhouetted  against  a  bright  greenish-blue  background. 
No sounds could be detected. By the time she had woken 
her husband, who picked up a camcorder, the craft had gone.

may 21, 2007, ca. 01:00-Maria’s daughter Barbie was talking on her cell 
phone in the living room when she suddenly heard the humming 
sound again and a greenish-blue light flashed through all the windows
, flashing in sequence from the front to the back windows.

june 2, 2007, ca. 02:00-Maria’s 21-year-old son, Jonathan, who had come 
to visit from New York, noticed a very bright beam of green light 
shining through the windows in his bedroom. “He was so frightened
,” reports Maria, “that after the light vanished he hysterically 
ran upstairs in his pajamas to inform us.”

august 14, 2007-Early  in  the  morning,  the  family’s  dog  Dora  was 
nowhere to be found. A search all over the neighbourhood proved 
fruitless.  “I  do  not  know  if  it  had  something  to  do  with  those 
aliens,” said Maria, “but after what happened to me and my family 
in that house, anything is possible.” After the disappearance of 
Dora, the family moved to another house in Aguada, further from 
the beach and the rain forest. To no avail.

november 3, 2007, ca. 02:00-Maria’s most traumatic experience occurred 
just prior to falling asleep, when she saw a small blueish-green 
neon light, about the size of a penny, coming from the window and 
moving round the bedroom in the dark. Maria became paralyzed. 

“Suddenly my bed was being surrounded by those creatures. Obviously, 
I was made unconscious because when I opened my eyes I 
found myself naked, in a different, cold room, and lying face up 
on a very cold ‘stainless steel’ platform.”

“This platform,” Maria continued, “seemed to be floating on the air 
without  legs  or  anything  supporting  it.  It  was  narrow  enough  that  my 
arms hung over the sides. Still feeling paralyzed but conscious, they commenced
injecting  me  with  a  long  needle  or  something.  I  begged  them 
with my thoughts to please not do it, but they ignored me. I also felt that 
they put something metallic, like a round suction cap about five inches in 
diameter, on the right side of my abdomen. It felt as if my flesh was being 
stretched and my inside was being sucked out like a powerful vacuum. I 
was in excruciating pain when they did that, but I was unable to scream 
or move. About five or six creatures surrounded the platform, one being 
taller than the others, and the rest were the short ‘grays’ I previously saw 
in my back yard.

“This time they were not communicating telepathically among themselves, 
because I heard a weird incoherent mumbling sound coming from 
them. However, I didn’t see their mouths move. I remember calling them 
‘marcianos’ (Martians). They revealed, telepathically, in Spanish, that they 
don’t like being called Martians but prefer to be called ‘creatures.’

“When I got up the next morning, I still had pain on the right side of 
my abdomen, but no mark was visible.”

Since Maria’s daughter had moved to Pennsylvania, Maria again shared 
a bedroom with her husband. “He keeps telling me to wake him up when 
it happens, but I could not move or speak. Many times he stays awake at 
night, but nothing happens so he falls asleep. I do, however, feel or have a 
sense when they’re around.

“It is important to be noted here that I’ve had ovarian cancer, and 
have had several operations to remove parts of my intestine. I also had 
several operations for breast cancer. I flew occasionally to New York 
City to see my private doctors, since here on the island private doctors 
are reluctant to accept Blue Cross, GHI, and Blue Shield, which I got 
from my husband’s retirement. I was informed by my doctors in New 
York  that  the  cancer  had  returned  and  that  I  urgently  need  another 
operation. I used to be in constant stomach pain and noticed blood in 
my stool and urine when I went to the bathroom. It was not the first 
time: the cancer has recurred before and they operated on me after each 
recurrence. But after the encounter with those creatures on April 28, 
2006, I returned to New York, several tests were performed, and no 
cancer was detected. The pain and bleeding had stopped. I truly feel 
that those creatures had cured me.

“What is my opinion of those creatures? They could be benevolent and 
compassionate creatures, but I’m afraid of them. They do not have my 
permission to do with my body whatever they please. Although I believe 
they had cured me, I am not their guinea-pig.

“I have something in my right lower back that has been bugging me for 
a long time. It moves when I touch it and I know it wasn’t there before. I 
saw on the History Channel the program called UFO Hunters, when Mr. 
Bill Birnes took a man who was abducted by a UFO to Dr. Roger Leir. 
The man had an alien implant in his leg. When Dr. Leir put a powerful 
magnet where the man had the implant, to our amazement the object inside 
his flesh moved toward the magnet and the skin bulged. Like that man, 
I don’t have an entry wound or scar where the object is. That prompted 
me and my husband to do the same experiment. Unfortunately, we do not 
have a powerful magnet. . . . The mark on my left hand and the object 
embedded in my back have been noticed by me since my encounter with 
those aliens on April 28, 2005.”

On June 11, 2008, at 02:52, Maria was alone in her living room when she 
suddenly had a presentiment that she should go outside onto the balcony. 
“There it was again,” she reports. “My camcorder was not in the immediate 
area, but luckily I had my cell phone with me. It appeared to be a saucer-
shaped  object,  similar  to  the  ones  I’ve  seen  previously,  but  with  lights 
around it. You can hear the crickets and the coquis (small frogs) chirping, 
mixed with the sound that the object is making. The sound is similar to 
the humming of other UFOs I’ve heard and seen before. It was over the 
wooded mountains near the other house I moved to in Aguada. . . .

“What happened to me and my family is no hoax,” Maria concludes in 
the report she sent me. “It was a terrifying experience. To prove this, I am 
willing to submit to a polygraph test, go under hypnosis, be under oath, 
or whatever.”7

In September 2009 I received a personal communication from Maria 
which provides some additional information.

“We do not live in Aguada anymore; we moved to Aguadilla, nearby. 
We moved from one house to another house in Aguada, but they followed 
me,” Maria began. “This is the third house that we’ve moved to on the 
island since we came here from New York City in 2005. At first, I was 
so afraid that I wanted to return to New York, but now I know that no 
matter where I move to, they’ll find me, so I’ve decided to remain on the 
island. However, my daughter was so traumatized that she refuses to come 
to Puerto Rico, even on vacation.”8

In 2011, at my request, Maria and Nelson sent me an update on the family’s 
experiences. “Even with neighbors nearby in a nice community and my 
husband sleeping beside me, on April 3, 2009, at approximately 3:30 a.m., 
I found myself in the same room I was in when abducted on November 3, 
2007,” Maria wrote. “The room I entered was almost dark.

“They showed me a little girl who appeared to be about one and a half 
years old [and] informed me that the little girl sitting there in the corner 
was my child. When I looked at her, she did look a lot like my daughter, 
Barbie, with long, dark, curly hair and her face shaped like my daughter’s 
face. The only difference was the eyes that were tilted upwards, slanted 
like the creatures’.

“It appeared as though they did not want me to get close to her. I could 
only see her physique. . . . She was skinny, very thin [and] kneeling in a 
corner, and her eyes looked sad.

“Is it possible that on November 3, 2007, a fetus was being ejected from 
my womb, then one year and five months later they had shown me the 
child? I don’t know, [but] before I was abducted on that date, I did feel 
something moving in my abdomen from side to side. . . .”

On  March  16,  2010,  Maria  drove  her  27-year-old-niece,  Carmen  J. 
Velez, who was visiting from New York, to her sister’s house in Aguada. 
“That night, at about 12:10 a.m., we took a shortcut back home through an 
isolated wooded road,” Maria recounted. Suddenly, the car began shaking, 
though there was no wind. “I told my niece that we wouldn’t be able to 
make it home and that we would have to turn back. I turned around and 
parked not far from a house to check on the tires. When I exited the car, 
to my surprise the front tires looked as if they were torn into a hundred 
pieces, as if they had been sliced with a razor blade. The tires were about 
four months old and were not worn.

“I then tried to call my sister’s house for help on my cell phone. The 
signal was good but I couldn’t get through. I’m used to calling my sister 
from that location and I’ve never had any problems, but that night I couldn’t 
get through. I entered the vehicle, told my niece to lock all the doors, and 
told her that we had to do whatever it takes to move from there. . . . When 
I turned on the car, it started okay, but when I put it in  drive it didn’t 
move forward.

“Suddenly, we heard a loud humming sound coming from above the car. 
My niece was terrified and became hysterical, yelling, ‘Auntie, it’s above 
us, please don’t get out of the car!’ I was also scared, but wanted to calm 
her down. Just when I told her not to worry, we suddenly heard a loud roar, 
like a wild animal or something, coming from across a field. That really 
frightened us.

“In desperation, I had no choice but to put the vehicle in drive again-
and this time it moved forward. We proceeded at five miles an hour to my 
sister’s house, running on three tires and one front metal rim. . . .”

Further events ensued. “My daughter-in-law, Leslie Miranda-Rivera, 
and my daughter Barbie wanted to spend the holidays with us here in Puerto 
Rico since my son is in the Army, stationed in Afghanistan. My husband 
and I let them both sleep in our bedroom. . . . On November 22, 2010, at 
approximately 1:00 a.m., my daughter entered the bathroom to take a bath 
first, while Leslie sat on the bed. While watching television, she saw with 
the corner of her eyes something or someone behind the balcony doors 
[which] appeared to be an entity, similar in appearance to the gray aliens 
but about five to six feet tall. The alien was on the balcony looking inside 
the bedroom through the glass panels. Leslie just sat there mesmerized.

“She couldn’t move or yell-it was like being hypnotized. When Barbie 
came out of the bathroom, Leslie snapped out of it and explained what she 
had seen. Barbie said that she thought she had seen something standing 
there on her way to the bathroom. Suddenly, during their conversation, 
the curtains on the window, which also faces the balcony, began to curl 
upward, twisting and tying themselves into a knot, tucking themselves 
into the blinds. The window was closed and there was no wind. The 
girls became hysterical. Leslie called me on a cell phone, waking me up, 
and told me to come over quickly. . . . I banged on my husband’s room 
door. He opened the balcony door, proceeded outside onto the balcony, 
but nothing was seen.”

“When we awoke the following morning,” said Leslie, “we found we 
had bruises on our bodies, mainly on our legs. Maria had pointed them out 
to us, but we had not even realized they were there, but they were black-
and-blue and about two to three inches in size, mainly on our thighs, and 
I had one that had a lump right on my knee. We were curious as to how 
they got there. . . .”9

“I think it is fair to say that those beings have tagged, branded, and 
are actively tracking abductees like myself,” concludes Maria in an earlier 
report. “They’re quite awful creatures and have no regard for humanity 
and animals living on Earth. To them, we’re just a science project. I could 
be wrong, but I think the creatures cured my cancer because they need a 
healthy specimen for their experiments.

“I don’t know if they come from another planet and flew here in spaceships
, but what we saw and heard were something we’ve never experienced 
before, until we moved to Puerto Rico. I am a Christian, and I do believe in 
our Lord Jesus Christ. Like most Hispanics, I am also Catholic. However, 
my family and I feel that what occurred in that house is nothing spiritual, 
religious, occult, voodoo, Santeria, etc. Moreover, we are not superstitious. 
The whole family confronted a terrifying experience in that house. We 
know what we saw and heard is the truth and I could swear on the Holy 
Bible that it’s true. . . .”10

EVIDENCE
Although Maria Rivera has produced evidence to support her abduction 
claims, none of this will satisfy the skeptics. What proof is there that any of 
the abductees have actually been abducted? One witnessed case of a person 
being abducted took place in Puerto Rico in 1979, and was investigated by 
Jorge Martín and a colleague.
At about 09:00 one November morning, Héctor Maldonado, a resident 
of Ponce on the southwest coast, was jogging near the saltings and mangrove
 thickets of Ponce Salt, close to the sea. Suddenly he noticed five or 
six strange, thin creatures, varying from five to six feet in height, with 
large, bald heads. Their big almond-shaped eyes appeared to be illuminated 
with bright lights. “They had thin necks and long arms, and long hands 
and fingers,” Maldonado told the investigators. “I didn’t note how many 
fingers-I was too shaken to notice. Their skin was a grayish-blue color. I 
couldn’t see any clothing on them [and] to me they looked naked, though 
I spotted no sign of genitals. The astonishing thing was that they had 
gotten hold of a man and were taking him away.

“He was a human, olive-skinned, about five feet, nine inches in height, 
with lank black hair, and apparently unconscious. He looked as if he was 
petrified, with his eyes closed, and they had gotten hold of him by the 
armpits. They appeared to be very strong, because two of them were lifting 
him off the ground with ease: he wasn’t even dragging his feet. I didn’t get 
a clear view of his face. . . . I don’t think he would have been more than 
thirty. He was slim, and wearing a two-piece suit with a check pattern. 
The man was unconscious or dead. I imagine unconscious. . . .

“Behind the beings, above the sea, a bit beyond the mangroves, there 
was a machine hanging stationary in the air. It looked more or less oval in 
shape, with a cupola on top, its sides sort of fluted or grooved, and on the 
top it had a narrow, curved projection with lots of lights. . . . The thing 
was of a silvery metallic color, and really big, just hanging there in the air, 
not making a sound.”

Suddenly one of the creatures, who had been kneeling on the ground, 
got up and made a sign to Maldonado, who had continued jogging. “And 
then I felt something as if it were inside my mind, like a voice [and] coming 
seemingly from that being. I ‘heard’ him say jestingly to the others, ‘Look 
at that one-how he’s running.’ And then the being himself started running
, making fun of me. I got the impression that he said, ‘Now-just 
look how I run,’ and started moving at a fantastic speed. Then he halted 
beside the others, and I ‘heard’ him say to them, ‘We’ll take him too.’ The 
others replied something like, ‘Not him-leave him alone.’ When he was 
mocking me [I noticed that] he had great big, pointed teeth, like a shark’s.”
The creature then threw some sort of cold liquid at Maldonado, hitting 
him in the chest, which induced a feeling as though his body was swelling 
up, like a type of cramp. He managed to force himself to escape. “I just 
carried on running, and didn’t want to look back.” When he finally did 
look back, the craft, the creatures, and the man were nowhere to be seen.
“Didn’t you notify the Police?” asked the investigators. “No! As I’ve 
already told you, I was very scared. I didn’t think they would believe me. 
For a long time I felt bad about what might have happened to that chap 
they were taking, because I have no doubt whatsoever that they were indeed 
taking him. . . .”11

“HAIR OF THE ALIEN”
In his remarkable book of the above title, leading Australian researcher Bill 
Chalker, who has a background in chemistry and mathematics, describes 
his exemplary investigations into what has turned out to be arguably the 
most convincing case for alien abduction. The witness was Peter Khoury, 
whose experiences apparently began in 1988, when he was living with his 
Lebanese parents in a suburb of Sydney, Australia.

On the night of July 12, Peter experienced the first instance of being 
paralyzed by something of unknown origin, becoming aware of “three 
or four ugly figures only about three to four feet tall” beside his bed. 
He felt a “tingling and churning” sensation of something that gradually
 enveloped him, rendering him totally paralyzed. At one stage, two 
other, different beings appeared, thin, tall, with big black eyes and a 
narrow chin. Various communications were received telepathically, and 
Peter sensed warm emotion emanating from them. Finally, a long, flexible
crystal tube was inserted into his head and he blacked out. Later, it 
transpired that he had also had a number of other strange experiences. 
And in 1992, the most extraordinary-and productive-encounter took 
place, which did not come to light until much later. As Bill noted in 
his diary in 1996:

“Peter described a highly personal experience he had at home about two 
to three years ago-sexual-being forced onto a strange female being-
onto its breast. He resisted; then a very strong force pushed him against 
the breast-he bit a nipple-felt something like a piece of rubber caught 
in his throat for days-he discovered some very fine wispy hair under his 
foreskin-he still has one small strand, which he keeps in a plastic bag. He 
showed this to the two media people and me.”

The incident had occurred at about 07:30-when he was awake. “All 
of a sudden two naked females appeared from nowhere. A blond and a 
Chinese girl. Very weird-looking eyes and color of blonde,” as Peter noted 
in his diary on July 23, 1992. “Blonde pushed me to her breast a few times, 
then I bit her nipple and started coughing. She showed no emotion, blood, 
or screamed in pain. I went to the toilet and found two hairs under my 
foreskin. . . .”

Peter explained to Bill that the women felt uncannily light. The one 
sitting  opposite  him  sat  with  her  legs  tucked  under  her  backside,  the 
other one halfway kneeling, sitting partially upright. The blond woman 
appeared to be quite tall and in her mid-thirties. “Her hair was done up 
like the wind was hitting it, like it was blown back. She had protruding, 
very  high  cheek[bones].  The  nose  was  long  [and]  a  longer  face  than  I 
was accustomed to in females I know. Her eyes were two to three times 
bigger than our eyes. . . . I knew I wasn’t looking at a human female. Her 
mouth, her lips were normal in size [but] the chin was pointier. . . . She 
had average-sized breasts, well proportioned [and] her hair came down to 
about halfway down her back, and like really high up. It was flimsy. . . .” 
He did not observe any underarm hair, nor did he have an opportunity to 
notice if there was any pubic hair.

The dark-haired woman looked Asian, though her cheekbones were too 
extreme. The eyes were dark black. “When I looked at her,” said Peter, 
“I got the impression that she was watching the blond one and learning 
how to interact. . . . The Asian woman’s face looked more human than 
the other one, except for the eyes and cheekbones.” He noticed that both 
women  had  expressionless  faces.  “It  was  just  like  looking  at  someone 
with glass eyes.”

Peter told Bill that he didn’t know why he had bitten and taken a chunk 
out of the blond woman’s nipple, other than that it might have been a defensive
 reaction. “There was no blood, there was nothing, no trace whatsoever.” 
He says he swallowed it and it became stuck in his throat for three days. 
Had a sexual act taken place? “I don’t know what sort of interaction we 
had,” Peter responded. However, given the positioning of the recovered 
hairs,  it  would  seem  likely  that  some  kind  of  sexual  act  occurred.  The 
women disappeared as soon as Peter started the coughing fit. One minute 
they were there, the next minute gone.

Hypnotic regression sessions were held which yielded further information, 
tending to reinforce the idea that a genetic agenda lay behind the 
women’s visit. I have only touched on some of the many aspects discussed 
in Bill Chalker’s unique book. Most impressive are the results of the “Mito-
chondrial DNA Sequence Analysis of a Shed Hair from an Alien Abduction
 Case” by the Anomaly Physical Evidence Group (APEG) in April 
1999, a lengthy report which yielded a considerable amount of surprising 
data. As the biochemistry team leader, Dr. Horace Drew, concluded:

“This genetic analysis of a reportedly-alien, thin blond hair has raised a 
number of important questions for further work. It generally supports the 
reality of such extraterrestrial contacts, in a Sydney suburb in 1992 and 
perhaps elsewhere, owing to rare morphology of such a hair, plus the rare 
nature of DNA sequences obtained.

“Had that hair been a common Earth artefact, it would have shown up 
early in the investigation. We cannot prove it is an alien hair, yet Occam’s 
razor supports that notion. Where else in Sydney could Peter Khoury have 
obtained a long, clear, exceptionally thin head hair that shows Basque-
Gaelic DNA in its root, but Chinese DNA in two parts of its shaft?

“. . . the most logical scenario would seem to be that higher creatures 
not from Earth have been following Peter’s genetics for many years, or 
perhaps  many  generations;  and  that  the  almost-human  females  he  met 
in 1992 may have taken advantage of such information (e.g., a planetary 
database of human genetics), to select for certain favorable traits in their 
own reproduction. We have no reliable information about where the non-
human or almost-human aliens come from, nor how they entered Peter’s 
house. . . . Yet the clear implication is that humanoid or near-human life 
forms can be found elsewhere in our galaxy; and that at least some of them 
are close enough to us genetically to interbreed without any fertility barrier
. Indeed, the tall blond alien reported by Peter Khoury in 1992 bears 
a close resemblance to the short blond alien reported by Antônio Villas 
Boas in 1957. . . .”12

A FULLY RECOLLECTED ABDUCTION
With regard to the aforementioned iconic abduction in Brazil-the first 
such case to come to public attention13-a résumé is warranted here, based 
largely on the detailed, and lesser-known, deposition provided by the witness
to Dr. Olavo Fontes (a medical doctor and internationally respected 
researcher) four months after the event. Unlike the majority of abductions 
that began to proliferate on a vast scale at this time, the abductee in this 
case had total recall of the event.

On the night of October 15/16, 1957, near São Francisco de Sales in 
the state of Minais Gerais, Brazil, 23-year-old Antônio Villas Boas was 
plowing a field when a bizarre-looking machine with blinding lights landed 
nearby, stalling his tractor. Four five-foot-tall humanoids emerged from the 
craft, dressed in tight-fitting overalls and helmets, from the top of which 
three silvery tubes ran backwards. Only their light-colored eyes could be 
seen through the goggles they were wearing. They grabbed Antônio and 
dragged him, struggling, aboard the craft via a “ladder,” communicating 
with each other in peculiar “slow barks and yelps.” Another male humanoid 
was on board.

Prior to being introduced to the woman, Antônio was divested of his 
clothes, sponged down with a thick, clear liquid, then led to a room where 
he remained alone for half an hour or so, after which a grayish smoke 
exuded from small metallic tubes in the wall, causing him to vomit. A 
naked woman, about 4.5 feet tall, then entered. She had very fair, almost 
bleached hair reaching halfway down her neck; vivid blue “Chinese-type” 
eyes; high cheekbones, making the face look wide but narrowing sharply 
and terminating in a pointed chin; thin, barely visible lips and rather small 
ears; “high and well-separated breasts, a thin waist and small stomach, wide 
hips and large thighs,” with very red underarm and pubic hair. A sexual act 
took place twice during the over-four-hour period spent on board. (Finding 
her “ugly,” Antônio was later at a loss to understand how he could have 
gone through with it.)

At one stage, he attempted to purloin a heavy, clock-like instrument to 
furnish proof of his experience, as the men sat on swivel chairs in the cabin, 
their attention momentarily engaged elsewhere. “As quick as lightning,” 
he said, “one of the men jumped up and, pushing me aside, snatched it 
from me angrily.” Finally, he was taken by one of the men on a guided 
tour around the exterior of the craft, along a sort of catwalk that encircled 
it, terminating in “front” near “a large semi-projecting thick sheet of glass 
elongated toward the sides and stoutly embedded in the metal work.” The 
craft  appeared  to  be  about  thirty-five  feet  long  and  twenty-three  feet 
wide. Ten-foot-long metal shafts functioned as undercarriage. Two square 
projections protruded from each side and three large metal “spurs” were 
fixed horizontally (see sketch below). Set vertically in the rear platform 
was a rectangular piece of metal, which he thought might have acted as a 
rudder, and what looked like a huge cupola could be seen rotating slowly, 
illuminated by greenish fluorescent light.

“Even with that slow movement,” Antônio reported, “you could hear a 
noise like the sound of air being drawn in by a vacuum cleaner, a sort of 
whistle.” Pointing to a ladder near the entrance, the guide indicated to him 
that he should descend it. “When I was down on the ground, I looked up. 
He was still there. Then he pointed to himself and then pointed to the 
ground, and finally to the sky toward the south. Then he made a sign for 
me to step back and disappeared into the machine.”
“The metal ladder now began to get shorter, the steps arranging themselves
 one above the other. . . . The lights of the metal spurs and of the 
headlamps and of the revolving dish all became brighter, while the dish was 
spinning faster and faster. Slowly the craft began to rise, vertically. . . . At 
that moment the sound also increased [and] turned into a veritable hum or 
loud whine . . . the three shafts of the tripod on which it had been standing 
rose toward the sides, the lower part of each leg (narrower, rounded, and 
ending in an enlarged foot) began to enter the upper part (which was much 
thicker and square), and when that was finished, the top parts began to 
enter the base of the machine. Finally there was no longer anything to be 
seen there; the base was smooth and polished as though that tripod had 
never existed. . . .

“The craft continued to rise slowly in the air until it had reached a height 
of some thirty to fifty meters. There it stopped for a few seconds, and at the 
same time its luminosity began to get still greater. The whirring noise of 
the air being displaced became much more intense and the revolving dish 
began to turn at a fearful speed, while the light changed through various 
colors until it was vivid red. At that moment the machine suddenly changed 
direction, with an abrupt movement, making a louder noise, a sort of ‘beat.’ 
. . . Then, listing slightly to one side, [it] shot off like a bullet toward the 
south [and] was gone from sight in a few seconds.”

In the days following the encounter, Antônio suffered from a variety of 
aftereffects, including excessive drowsiness (though he was unable to sleep 
for the first two nights), nausea, a pounding headache, loss of appetite, 
irritation of the eyes, itchy lesions on the arms and legs, and two yellowish 
patches, one on each side of his nose. In February 1958 he was given a 
complete medical examination by Dr. Fontes in Rio de Janeiro. Among 
his findings were “two small hyperchromatic patches,” one on each side 
of his chin, from where the blood samples had been taken, and various 
“cutaneous  lesions  and  scars.”  These  physical  symptoms,  stated  Fontes, 
“suggest radiation poisoning or exposure to radiation, but unfortunately he 
came to me too late for the blood examination that could have confirmed 
such a possibility beyond doubt.”14

During his first public appearance, on a Brazilian television show in 
1978, Villas Boas recapitulated his experience and added a significant new 
detail. During his second sexual encounter on board the craft, he said, the 
woman put a sample of his semen into a container.15

Pablo  Villarrubia  Mauso,  a  Brazilian  journalist  and  researcher, 
learned  from  Antônio’s  closest  sister,  Odercia  Villas  Boas,  that  five 
Americans  dressed  in  green  uniforms,  who  she  thought  were  from 
NASA,  took  Antônio  to  the  United  States  for  interrogation.  Some 
spoke Portuguese. “They kept visiting several times over eight or ten 
years,” she claimed. “They would always give my brother books written 
in English as gifts.

“He was subjected to questioning and the lie detector in California [and] 
taken to an open area where the remains of a flying saucer [had been] found. 
Then they showed him another, in good condition, inside an enclosed area 
like a museum, asking him if it was identical to the one he had seen. He 
told me that it was very similar. He was always accompanied by a [bilingual
 journalist] who had a foreign name and acted as an interpreter, and 
was always surrounded by uniformed American personnel. He was in the 
United States for three days.

“They later gave him two properties near San Francisco and San Rafael. 
I managed to see the deeds. They sent him back to Rio, where he spent 
between fifteen and twenty days in a hospital, undergoing new examinations
 and tests. . . .”16

Antônio Villas Boas later graduated with a law degree in Brasilia, married
, and had four children, practicing with the title of “Honorable Magistrate
.” He died in 1992, standing by the validity of his experience to the end.


I am often asked if I have been abducted, to which my reply is that I simply 
don’t know: if it has happened, it could only have been while I was asleep. 
However,  on  multiple  occasions  I  have  experienced  the  process  commonly
 referred to as “night paralysis,” often associated with the abduction 
scenario, in my case accompanied by intensifying vibrations in the solar 
plexus. In most cases, although such episodes seem to have been engendered 
during sleep, they have continued after I have awoken. Whatever source 
causes such intrusions, I have never sensed anything benevolent about it. 
Termination is eventually achieved by shouting at the “entity” to “get out” 
(using somewhat stronger terminology).

There  were  two  occasions  that  made  me  think  I  might  have  been 
abducted, the second of which may be worth recounting here. In the small 
hours of March 27, 2006, I had been reading late in bed until 00:55. Just 
after falling asleep, I suddenly found myself lying on my back on the side of 
a country lane lined with hedgerows. I could feel the cold air. As I began to 
raise myself on one arm, I noticed a dark gray triangular craft with sharply 
defined apexes, “transfixed” in the dark blue sky, with numerous white 
lights inset along the inside of each side. I then felt vibrations intensifying 
in my solar plexus17 and sensed that I was being “pulled” toward the craft. 
I resisted mentally, asking for help from who- or whatever. Immediately, I 
found myself “back” in my bedroom, fully conscious. I checked the time. 
It was 01:05. Ten minutes had elapsed.

Was I abducted? All I can say is that it felt very real. And if it wasn’t an 
actual abduction, I can hazard a guess that it might well have been a socalled
 “astral projection,” which I have experienced previously: as a student, 
while dozing in bed one sunny morning, I had been “taken” for a low-level 
“flight” in a Royal Air Force Meteor NF Mk 11 (or later mark) jet fighter, 
in camouflage livery. Again, it felt very real, but, as with the more recent 
event, I do not believe it was physical. Which poses profound questions 
about the nature of abductions. While the evidence suggests that many are 
physical-as will have been noted in some of the preceding cases-I believe 
it likely that some involve abduction of the astral body. Which implies a 
more sinister agenda.

We have seen how the agenda of certain alien species involves, or has 
involved,  the  genetic  engineering  of  numerous  human  beings.  To  what 
end? David M. Jacobs, Ph.D., a tenured Associate Professor of History at 
Temple University, Philadelphia, has made a special study of this aspect of 
the subject. His perspective is disturbing. “For the first time in over thirty 
years of researching the UFO phenomenon, I am frightened of it,” he writes 
in his book, The Threat (1998). “The abduction phenomenon is far more 
ominous than I had thought. Optimism is not the appropriate response 
to  the  evidence,  all  of  which  strongly  suggests  that  the  alien  agenda  is 
primarily beneficial for them and not for us. . . .”18

===========================================================================
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN. SPECIAL FORCES

In November 1999, the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) received a 
remarkable letter from a Mrs. Lucile Andrew of Ashland, Ohio. “Today,” 
she began, “I want to share some knowledge that has been, by request, 

kept secret in our family since sometime in World War II.

“This  concerns  something  that  my  father  was  shown  by  Cordell 
Hull, who was Secretary of State under Franklin Roosevelt. Sumner 
Wells was his Under-Secretary of State. Hull was a cousin to my father 
[who] was on some kind of advisory committee, and made several trips 
to Washington, D.C. in that capacity. My father, who was young, brilliant
, and sound of mind, [told] this story because he didn’t want the 
information to be lost.

“One day when my father was in D.C. with Cordell, Cordell swore him 
to secrecy and took him to a sub-basement in the U.S. Capitol building 
and showed him an amazing sight: (1) Four large glass jars holding four 
creatures unknown to my father or Cordell, [and] (2) A wrecked round 
craft of some kind nearby.

“My father wanted my sister and myself to make this information known 
long after he and Cordell were dead, because he felt it was a very important 
bit of information. . . . Please don’t disregard this, because what I have 
written is true. The jars with creatures in formaldehyde and the wrecked 
craft are somewhere!

“Cordell said they were afraid they would start a panic if the public 
found out about it. . . .”1

After several telephone calls and two visits to Ashland, William “Bill” 
Jones, a director of CUFOS, reports, the family became comfortable with 
releasing the name of Mrs. Andrew’s father-the Reverend Turner Hamilton
 Holt-and allowing the story to be told. “Here we have a tale that 
directly involves one of the greatest statesmen of the 20th century and a 
conservative man of the cloth,” Bill emphasizes, “who would have absolutely
 no apparent reason to tell a story such as this one if it weren’t true, 
especially at a time when stories of flying saucers and their occupants had 
not yet become part of our culture.”

In an interview conducted in April 2000 by Bill Jones and Irena Scott 
with Mrs. Andrew and one of her sisters, Allene (who had also heard the 
story from her father, though too young to recall details), it was learned 
that Reverend Holt had described the entities in the glass jars as “creatures,” 
not “aliens” or “extraterrestrials,” as one would nowadays. They were less 
than four feet tall, and the incident is said to have occurred in the “late 
1930s”-probably 1939. The remains of the wrecked craft were described 
as “silver-metallic.”

Skeptical of such remains being stored in the “sub-basement” of the U.S. 
Capitol building, Bill contacted the Office of the Architect of the Capitol to 
determine if there is or was a sub-basement in the building, at least in the 
late 1930s. He met with Barbara A. Wolanin, curator of the U.S. Capitol, 
and related details of the story to her. She confirmed the existence of a 
sub-basement at that time.

“What if we learn that this pre-World War II alien technology wasn’t 
retrieved in the United States but came from somewhere else in Europe or 
the Far East,” asks Bill, “transferred to the United States for protection until 
after the war that most people knew was coming? What if we learn that 
this technology was given back to France, China, or Russia after the war? 
How would this re-transfer of technology change our view of history?”2

The U.S. Capitol report is significant, yet another to add to an ever-
increasing number of such events. For example, in Need to Know I related 
accounts  of  other  crashed  alien  vehicles  predating  the  Roswell  events: 
Milan,  Italy  (1933);  Cape  Girardeau,  Missouri,  and  Sonoran  Desert, 
Mexico  (1941);  Gdynia,  Poland  (1943);  Hawaii  (1944);  San  Antonio, 
New Mexico (1945); Sweden (1946); and Juarez, Mexico (1947).

Marina  Popovich  is  a  retired  Soviet  air  force  colonel,  engineer,  and 
legendary test pilot. Holding 107 aviation world records set in over forty 
types of aircraft, she is widely regarded as one of the most famous pilots 
in Russian history. Regarding the alien subject, she has been outspoken 
and is the author of a book titled UFO Glasnost. She confirms that over 
three thousand sightings have been reported by Soviet military and civilian 
pilots. She also confirms-unofficially-that the Soviet air force and KGB 
have fragments of five crashed UFOs in their possession. She gives the 
crash sites as Tunguska (the famous event in 1908), Novosibirsk, Tallinn/
Estonia, Ordzhonikidze/Caucasus, and Dalnegorsk, and states that the 
analyzed debris revealed that it was not manufactured on Earth with terrestrial
 technology.3

RAND
The  Rand  (Research  and  Development)  Corporation  is  a  non-profit 
global policy think tank, initially established in 1946 by the U.S. Army 
Air Forces as Project RAND, under contract to the Douglas Aircraft 
Company.  It  is  currently  financed  by  the  U.S.  government,  various 
corporations, and private endowment. In 1969, a researcher requested a 
copy of a certain document on UFOs. “Rand has done very little research 
on the subject,” came the reply; “therefore, no publications have been 
written.” A similar request from another researcher was met with a rather 
different response: “We are unable to identify any Rand publications on 
UFOs  available  for  external  distribution.”  In  March  1970,  the  actual 
Rand  document  was  requested  by  number  and  title-UFOs:  What  To 
Do? Rand responded that, as an internal document, it was not releas-
able. But eventually it leaked out. As researchers C. E. Frey and Earl J. 
Neff reported, the document was not to be quoted in any publication or 
company correspondence. “Inquiries by ufologists, NASA personnel, and 
interested citizens all received a courteous refusal to share the information 
contained in this study,” they note.4

In retrospect, it is difficult to understand why. Could the reasons for 
such reluctance simply stem from the fact that the author, George Kocher, 
gives an unbiased and intelligent overview of the subject, which could have 
been interpreted as an acknowledgement of the realities involved? Or, perhaps
more likely, that the corporation simply feared internal and external 
ridicule? In any event, the document, originally published in November 
1968, is currently available online from Rand. “This paper was originally 
produced as an internal document; it was not prepared for or delivered to 
any of Rand’s clients,” a short added preface emphasizes. “Peer review has 
not been undertaken, nor has it been edited or prepared for publication. It 
is being released at this time as a matter of public interest.”

HENRY KISSINGER AND THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL STUDIES
In his ground-breaking book  UFO Crash at Aztec, Californian researcher 
William Steinman covers for the first time some related information about 
Dr. Eric Henry Wang, who seems to have been a crucial link in the study of 
crashed alien vehicles. Raymond Fowler (another first-class researcher with 
whom I have also previously communicated extensively) was the first to reveal 
that Dr. Wang headed the Office of Special Studies at Wright Air Development
 Center (Wright-Patterson Air Force Base), Dayton, Ohio. That office 
dealt largely with recovered alien craft and their crews, such as an incident near 
Kingman, Arizona, in May 1953, involving a number of witnesses, including 
“Fritz Werner,” the pseudonym for Arthur Stansel, part of whose impressive 
résumé I published in a previous book. Stansel held a number of engineering 
and management positions at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base from 1949 to 
1960, during which period he worked in the Office of Special Studies.5

“I personally checked out his résumé by calling former employers during 
a careful character check,” wrote Fowler in 1976. “Neither of the two former 
‘Bluebook’ officers with whom I talked would confirm the Kingman incident
. One asked ‘Where is the object now?’ The other became nervous 
when I mentioned Dr. Eric Wang’s Office of Special Studies and asked me 
to leave him alone as he wanted to live out his life in privacy.”6

“The work that Dr. Wang was involved in was so classified that there 
were no more levels of secrecy left above that,” asserts Steinman. Born in 
Vienna in 1906, Wang taught engineering at the University of Cincinnati 
before working on government projects at the Wright Air Development Center 
from 1949 until 1956, when the department was transferred to the Sandia 
Laboratories complex at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. He died in 
1960, aged fifty-four. A telephone interview by Bill Steinman with Wang’s 
widow, Maria (Steinman does not give her name in his book), is revealing:

ws: I wrote a letter to you on the 23rd March in regards to Dr. Eric Henry 
Wang and his work involving analyses on recovered flying saucers, 
and the attempted duplication of them.

mw:  Yes, I do remember the letter, but I no longer have it [and] turned 
it over to the authorities. . . . Military intelligence at Kirtland Air 
Force Base.

ws:  Can you tell me something about Dr. Wang’s involvement in the 
flying saucer project?

mw:  How did you know that Dr. Wang was involved in that kind of work? 
Why do you want to know about that? Who are you? How do I know 
that I can trust you?

ws: I am a freelance private investigator. I want to know the truth pertaining
to the Flying Saucer Project. . . . I believe that the entire 
scientific  community,  the  public,  and  mankind  in  general  could 
greatly benefit from it.

mw:  How  can  I  help  you?  Dr.  Wang’s  papers  were  all  confiscated  by 
military intelligence when he died. His notes were written in his 
own unique version of German scientific shorthand. Those papers 
were placed behind lock and key within a special sealed-off section 
of a highly secret section of the library at Kirtland Air Force Base.

ws:  Can you please describe exactly what kind of work Dr. Wang was 
doing on the saucers?

mw:  I can’t tell you over the phone. I don’t know you at all, and besides, 
the entire subject is classified above Top Secret.

ws:  Were the saucers made on Earth? And if so, were they of German 
technology?

mw:  No! To both questions. The person you should write to in Government
is Dr. H.A.K. [Henry Kissinger]. He is deeply involved in the 
flying saucer program. In fact, he was completely in charge of it at 
the time that Dr. Wang was still alive and involved in it.

“Within two days of talking with [Maria] about Dr. Wang,” Steinman 
reports, “I received a call from a well-known ufologist. He said, ‘What 
did you discuss with M.W.? I understand that you discussed the library 
at Kirtland Air Force Base. . . .’ I asked, ‘How did you know about any of 
this?’ He said that he had his intelligence connections, and that I was now 
being watched very closely.”7

The reference to Dr. Henry Kissinger is significant. From 1943 to 1946, 
he had served in the U.S. Army Counter-Intelligence Corps (CIC) and 
from 1946 to 1949 as a captain in the Military Intelligence Reserve.8 In 
some previous books, I have alluded to the Army’s Interplanetary Phenomenon
 Unit (IPU) of the Scientific and Technical Branch, CounterIntelligence
 Directorate, an elite investigation group reportedly set up by 
General George C. Marshall in 1947 to deal with the then-burgeoning 
reports of “flying discs.” The existence of the IPU was confirmed for me 
in 1987 by Colonel Antony J. Gallo, Jr., General Staff, Director of Counterintelligence
. “Please be advised,” he added, “that the aforementioned 
Army unit was disestablished during the late 1950s and never reactivated. 
All records pertaining to this unit were turned over to the U.S. Air Force, 
Office of Special Investigations, in conjunction with Operation ‘BLUE-
BOOK.’ . . .”9 General Douglas MacArthur is also believed to have been 
involved with the IPU. During a meeting with Mayor Achille of Naples 
in New York in 1955, MacArthur is reported as having stated his belief 
that “all the countries on Earth will have to unite to survive and to make 
a common front against attack by people from other planets.”10
Kissinger served (in 1952) as a consultant to the Psychological Strategy 
Board, a covert arm of the National Security Council established in 1951, 
comprising the Under-Secretary of State, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, 
and the Director of Central Intelligence. He also acted as a consultant on 
the Operations Coordination Board. Thus, in that period he would have 
had access to the most sensitive intelligence on the alien problem. Later, 
he became a consultant for a number of other organizations, including the 
Rand Corporation, the National Security Council, and the Council on 
Foreign Relations, and he served as Director of the Special Studies Project 
for the Rockefeller Brothers Fund. By 1973 he had become Secretary of 
State,  continuing  to  hold  the  position  of  Assistant  to  the  President  on 
National Security Affairs. He is also a holder of the Nobel Peace Prize.11
L. Fletcher Prouty, a former U.S. Air Force colonel who spent his last 
nine years of service in the Pentagon as the official Focal Point Officer, first 
for the USAF and then for the entire Defense Department with the CIA 
(clandestine operations), makes reference in one of his books to the power 
held by Kissinger, describing him as “the titular head of the intelligence community
’s clandestine operations reaction faction,” as he wrote in The Secret 
Team (1973). “His appearance as a one-man power center is simply due to 
the fact that he fronts for the Secret Team [discussed later] and the secret 
intelligence community.”12 I surmise that Kissinger retains a close association 
with the alien situation to this day, even at the age of almost ninety.

MILITARY INDOCTRINATION
In 2008, an unusual report appeared in a British newspaper in response to 
an article on UFOs. “The township of Roswell was the scene of probably 
the most famous alien encounter in history,” wrote retired British Army 
veteran Harold Varnam. “While serving on a NATO attachment to the 
U.S. Fifth Army, we were shown classified film taken at the time of 
the Roswell crash that purported to show that one of the alien creatures 
survived the impact and lived for several hours afterwards.” Varnam went 
on to mention, somewhat cynically, Roswell’s current popularity and its 
annual festival.13 Determined to learn more, I contacted him.

“I am not absolutely sure of the date when we saw this film but I do 
remember that it was around the time of the Cuban missile crisis, and 
the place was the huge airbase at Karlsruhe [Germany],” he replied. “The 
gigantic Karlsruhe base had all the usual luxuries, including a full-scale 
plush cinema which not only showed the latest Hollywood releases but 
doubled  up  as  a  lecture  theater  for  the  showing  of  training  films.  The 
Americans were exceptionally keen on these films, and it was not unusual 
for us to see anything up to half a dozen or so during our visit. So when 
we settled down in the cinema, we were not expecting to see anything 
extraordinary. As it’s almost fifty years ago, I will try to recall as best I can 
what we were actually shown.

“Strangely enough, we were not briefed in advance and the film itself was 
unusual in that it was not preceded by the ‘over-the-top’ rhetoric that usually
 introduced these training films. There was only a sparse commentary, 
but what was surprising was that the first part of the film was in color; 
not the garish Technicolor version, but a kind of subdued soft-focus look.
“The opening scenes were of the New Mexico desert and what was obviously
 the crash site. It was plainly obvious that the movie was an amateur 
affair probably shot by a local, and several people appeared in it holding up 
what looked like pieces of metal and grinning at the camera. The wreckage 
was apparently spread over a vast area and was reduced to just small pieces, 
nothing resembling an aircraft, and whatever had impacted there must have 
done so at colossal speed and force.

“It was obvious that this footage had been shot before the area had been 
secured. This part of the film had no commentary at all. Then there were 
scenes of the wreckage being taken away by the military and mention of 
a secure airbase somewhere which was only identified by a number. Then 
surprisingly the film reverted to black and white and became much slicker 
and professional.

“The scenes at the airbase showed the unloading of the recovered material
 and only then did the commentary mention strange ‘creatures’ found 
with the wreckage and the startling admission that one of them was still 
‘alive,’ whatever that meant. There were shots of military ambulances and 
something being off-loaded onto wheeled stretchers.

“Then the scene switched to what looked like a hospital operating theatre
. I must explain that this section of the film was scratched and grainy 
as if it had been shown many times, as it probably had. The camera shots 
were angled so that you didn’t really get a clear shot of the ‘alien’ body, 
but there was just one brief moment when it came into focus. The tiny 
creature was obviously mangled badly but I can only describe it as being 
like those aliens shown in sci-fi movies, with an oversized head and small 
body and limbs.

“Once again, the commentary was sparse and there was no attempt to 
explain or tell what happened to the alien. I would estimate that the entire 
film did not last more than fifteen minutes or so, but then at the very end 
it reverted to type and there was some blurb about being constantly vigilant 
and keep watching the skies, etc.

“Naturally the British lads reviewed all of these films with a healthy 
skepticism and their usual brand of deprecating humor. I don’t remember 
anybody at the time being particularly impressed, as we all considered 
the Americans to be guilty of over-nervousness bordering on paranoia 
about their attitude to the Soviet threat. This was, after all, the height 
of the Cold War [with] the hysteria that was prevalent at that period in 
our history. . . .”14

According  to  a  military  officer  stationed  at  the  U.S.  Army  Reserve 
base at Fort Allen, Juana Díaz, Puerto Rico, in 1990 (following a period 
involving an alarming increase of alien activity on the island, including the 
capture of U.S. Navy F-14 Tomcat jets), a video film was shown to the men 
as part of an indoctrination. “They showed us an old black-and-white film 
about a UFO crash that supposedly happened in New Mexico many years 
ago,” the officer related to investigator Jorge Martín. “We all saw the craft, 
which was semi-buried in the ground at a 45-degree angle, and there were 
several bodies of the crew. According to what we were shown, these bodies 
were about five feet tall, thin, very pale, and had large bald heads. They 
had big round eyes and a small nose, but I don’t recall any mouths or ears.
“They also showed us another video of UFOs filmed by them around 
the island. They wanted us to know that UFOs are real, but they wouldn’t 
elaborate when asked for details. It seemed to me that they wanted us to 
know this was real and that the beings were not perfect: they are fallible, 
their crafts crash, and they also die-they are not invulnerable. Apparently, 
they wanted to condition us to the idea that they exist, and to accept the 
possibility of someday having to liaise with them.”15

SURVIVORS
At the time of writing, the most recent report relating to the New Mexico 
incidents was sent to me by the American researcher Ted Oliphant, a former 
police officer. He had acquired the information from a confidential source 
whose father had developed the film of the Roswell incident.

“The whole thing was documented,” Ted revealed. “He was in the service
, then went to work for ‘Uncle Sugar’ as a civilian. He said there was 
one surviving creature. Everything went to Wright-Pat [Wright-Patterson 
AFB]. He also said many of those involved in the retrieval later died of 
cancer.16 I just learned this today; I’d known him for years but this is the 
first time it ever came up in conversation. Nathan Twining Jr., the son of 
General Twining [Commanding General of Air Materiel Command at 
the time], says that years later, his dad told him that he’d seen the survivor 
himself, and that they communicated telepathically.”17

There are remarkable parallels in this report with another, which I first 
learned of in 1995 from Sir Mark Thomson, a friend who had served as 
a jet pilot with the Royal Navy’s Fleet Air Arm (then holding Top Secret 
Atomic clearance). He related to me that during a flight on an airliner in 
the United States in 1995 he had met a lady, Linda Pitchersky, who asserted 
that her father, Robert R. Largent, a former U.S. Army Air Corps flying 
instructor, had spoken with a fellow officer who claimed to have cared for 
“the only living, remaining being” who had survived the Roswell incident. 
Sir Mark shortly thereafter interviewed Largent by telephone and provided 
me with the following report:

“This elderly man had been a B-29 pilot [during] the war. As his 
Squadron had a nuclear capability, he had a very high security clearance
. Since his retirement [as a major in the Reserves], his civilian job 
had  involved  a  high  amount  of  commercial  flying.  On  one  of  these 
trips in the 1960s, [Robert] happened to sit next to a man who was a 
colonel in the Air Force, and their conversation centered on Air Force 
and flying matters.

“After Robert had explained his previous very high security clearance, he 
asked the colonel what he was presently doing. He told Robert that he had 
been looking after an alien for the past two and a half years at a base (presumably
 U.S. Air Force) near Dayton, Ohio. He went on to say that they 
had had the most terrible time feeding the alien. They had tried everything, 
but nothing satisfied his nutrition and dietary requirements, and as a result 
of this he had recently died. The colonel went on to say that he so cared 
for the alien that when he died, he nearly cried. He did not give Robert 
his name and continually stressed that if he ever disclosed this to anyone, 
he would be in the gravest difficulty.

“At this point in our conversation, I asked Robert various questions. Why 
did Robert think a complete stranger, a U.S. Air Force colonel, chose to 
reveal this great secret to him? He replied that firstly they shared a great 
bond, both being pilots (I can certainly confirm this unique, strong bond 
between military pilots all over the world!). It was clear to Robert that the 
alien had recently died and the colonel really wanted to talk to somebody 
about his grief and feelings of loss, and that Robert’s high security clearance 
made him comfortable in discussing it.

“This is the total of Robert’s knowledge from this chance meeting with 
the colonel,” Mark concluded. “Of course, I am not to know whether the 
colonel told Robert other things that Robert is declining to tell me, but 
I certainly got no indication of this. Robert struck me as an extremely 
sincere and intelligent older man. . . .”18 Both men felt that their lives were 
threatened if they revealed what they knew.

In 2005, Robert’s daughter Linda contacted me, reminding me that, coincidentally
, we had met briefly at a UFO presentation I gave in North Carolina 
in 1993. I asked her what she had learned from her father (now deceased):

“My memory of what Dad had to say was that he had met the gentleman 
who cared for the only remaining living being on the spaceship that crashed 
[near] Roswell. Dad said that the fellow cried as he told him, because he 
missed the little one so much. He told Dad that it was like living with Jesus 
Christ. And he recounted that they didn’t speak verbally, but telepathically, 
mind to mind. Dad remembered that he told him that the little man was 
so gentle and kind.

“Dad also remembered that he said the alien had only lived for eighteen 
months, due to the atmospheric conditions and unacceptable food. Dad 
and this other Air Force officer (perhaps a lieutenant) met on an Air Force 
transport sometime during his stay in the service. Dad would have been in 
the Air Force Reserves.”19

“Assuming the U.S. personnel were able to communicate with this alien,” 
Mark pointed out to me, “why couldn’t he tell them about their dietary 
needs? In view of their superior intelligence and as they had already been 
here for some time, they must have known what foodstuffs were available 
on Earth. My clear understanding from Robert was that it was a feeding 
problem as opposed to a disease or illness problem.” A good question. I have 
learned a great deal, for instance, from “Thomas,” one of the hand-picked 
team that took care of two survivors from the Roswell incident for a considerable
 period of time, as part of an Anglo-American-Alien “arrangement” 
(Chapter 10). The injured aliens they cared for and communicated with 
extensively (via a type of telepathy, as in the two previous cases) seemed 
mostly capable of consuming their own liquid-based nutriments.

Although some of Linda’s information is at variance with that supplied 
to Sir Mark by her father, it does not, in my view, negate the essentials 
of the story. When dealing with sensitive information, it is as common 
for informants to deliberately alter some of the facts as it is for recipients 
sometimes to get their facts wrong.

ANGLO/AMERICAN INCIDENTS
The village of Tarland lies some twenty-five miles west of Aberdeen, Scotland. 
In the summer of 1957, the Aberdeen Division of the Territorial Army 
(TA) had chosen this area, which included much densely wooded terrain, 
for an exercise. The following report was supplied to me by researcher Ian 
Taylor.

At around 04:00, two young recruits from the main force heard what 
they thought were the advancing “enemy” coming toward their position 
through the trees. Armed and ready in their trench for a surprise attack, 
they suddenly heard strange, guttural-like voices and the cracking of twigs 
as  though  people  were  breaking  them  underfoot.  What  happened  next 
threw the men into a state of abject panic:

“They saw two human-like figures coming toward them that seemed 
to be around seven to eight feet in height, wearing what they described to 
be very tight-fitting, one-piece silvery-colored garments. The guttural-like 
sounds they first heard were in fact some form of dialogue between these 
entities.

“The soldiers jumped up from their positions and took off in the opposite
 direction toward the roadway. They continued to run, still in a state 
of panic. Then, just above the tree-line close to the Tarland roadway, a 
large and glowing disc-like object of intense brightness appeared overhead, 
showering down what looked like sparks. The object appeared to follow 
them as they ran, and then rapidly overtook them and shot skyward.

“One of the men collapsed from exhaustion and lay at the side of the 
road while his colleague continued to run, eventually reaching a Post Office 
line engineer in a roadside trailer. The soldier apparently hammered on the 
door for help. Eventually the two men returned to fetch the other soldier 
and brought him to the trailer to recover. . . .

“The press carried an article a couple of days later, but in no great detail. 
Following the article, the two young TA recruits had been interviewed by 
personnel who had traveled up from Whitehall in London. I can recall years 
later someone who claimed he knew one of the soldiers, who said they had 
been given instructions to maintain a vow of silence over the event. . . .”20
Harold Varnam, the British Army veteran cited earlier in connection 
with the indoctrination film shown at the Karlsruhe air base, Germany, 
also sent me his report of an encounter with a “definite foreign object,” an 
incident which occurred in June of either 1971 or ’72 while he was participating
 in an exercise at the Stanford Battle Area-better known as the 
Stanford Training Area (STANTA)-located in the county of Norfolk.

“Our small unit of the Army Emergency Reserve (AER) was under the 
auspices of NATO, and we usually did our annual fifteen-day main exercise 
on the Lüneberg Heide [a large area of heath and woodland in northern 
Germany] attached to the 4th Armoured Division,” his narrative begins. 
“Sometimes we went further afield to Canada, Cyprus, or Kenya, etc. But 
for some reason, on this particular year we joined the scheme in Norfolk.
“It was an extended NATO exercise covering most of the European 
Theater and had been going for some time when we joined it. I believe the 
exercise was coded ‘Greensward,’ which was conducted in two phases-
Greensward I and Greensward II. Our phase, Greensward I, was more of 
a search and evasion exercise and was infantry-based, although there was 
artillery and aircraft support. At the first briefing there were groans of 
dismay when we were told that it would be a live-firing exercise and then 
sighs of relief when we were told that although the scheme was being run 
by the U.S. Fifth Army, the live-firing would be the responsibility of 2nd 
Coldstreams, whose motto was Nulli Secundus [‘Second to None’]. We knew 
that the disciplined Guards would ensure that accidents, always inevitable, 
would be kept to a minimum.

“Our unit’s four-man night patrols were tasked with our usual role of 
observation and reconnaissance, but we were given free rein to harass the 
‘enemy’ whenever targets of opportunity arose. The weather was splendid, 
and to tell the truth it never really got properly dark. . . . On the night of 
the incident, which we think was a Thursday/Friday, our own patrol had 
split into two pairs as we approached our designated target. My partner, 
a man who I will refer to as ‘Lange Jan’ [named after a church steeple on 
the island of Walcheren, one of the highest points in Holland], was very 
popular with the Dutch Kriegsmarine Kommando who we trained with, 
and they had bestowed that nickname on him.

“As we approached our target area, a very bright light appeared on the 
horizon.

“It looked at first like huge car headlights, but this was very unusual as, 
apart from the odd tracers and flares, the battlefield was almost always 
in darkness. Then suddenly, and I do mean instantaneously, the light was 
immediately to our front, probably some three miles away. The only way I 
can describe this light is to call it ‘blue-white,’ rather like that given off by 
the new LED bulbs-only very much brighter. Then we realized a peculiar 
thing: the light did not radiate, it simply seemed to be self-contained [and] 
appeared to either be hovering over, or in, a wooded area in our target zone. 
We decided to take a closer look.

“Lange Jan, originally out of 1 PARA [1st Battalion of the Parachute 
Regiment], was the best field soldier I ever knew, and he had the ability to 
almost merge with any terrain, but nevertheless after a stealthy thousand 
yards or so we were bumped by an American patrol who told us that this 
area was now out of bounds. Undeterred, we tried again, but when we were 
stopped a second time by a very jumpy officer, extremely nervous, and told 
in no uncertain terms that we had to leave, we decided to let it go.

“As it was already becoming daylight in the east, we started to head 
back to our lines when instantly the light went out, just as if someone had 
thrown a switch. But we could clearly see fires burning in the wooded area 
and what looked like considerable damage to the trees and undergrowth, 
although there was no sign of debris.

“At the next morning’s ‘O’ Group debriefing session, we learned that 
only two of our patrols had seen the strange light, but when we brought 
it up an intel [intelligence] officer said that a Phantom [jet] had crashed 
and the area was now off-limits for the rest of the exercise. The Phantoms, 
operating out of Lakenheath, had indeed been taking part in the scheme, 
doing low-level mock strafing and bombing runs (and terrifying they were 
too). But I had previously served in the Royal Air Force in Air/Surface 
Movements (what would now be called a ‘dispatcher’) and had seen firsthand
 some plane crashes, and the incident in the woods did not resemble 
in any way a ‘normal’ air crash. But that was the end of the matter: it never 
came up again.

“Generous as ever, the Americans allowed us the use of the facilities at 
[RAF] Alconbury: the PX stores (hypermarkets where one could purchase 
an almost unbelievable range of goods at very competitive prices) and the 
Rod and Gun Club lounge, when we were on stand-down. In the club 
the following day, we brought up the subject of the downed plane, but no 
one seemed to know anything about it, or if they did, they were playing 
tight-lipped.

“After de-briefing and release on the Saturday, we decided once more 
to take a look for ourselves at the site. At the time, Lange Jan had a long-
wheel-base Land Rover, [and] so six of us got aboard and we headed for 
the crash site. But this time it was heavily cordoned off and we could not 
get  really  close,  but  we  did  have  field  glasses  and  we  could  clearly  see 
the scorched area of the wood, which looked as though a road had been 
carved through it, maybe some seventy or eighty yards wide. Since we were 
attracting unwarranted attention, we decided to scoot. Since that day, I had 
never really thought about it. Only some local interest in a UFO incident 
brought back the memories of that night in Norfolk. . . .”21

On the night of May 23/24, 1974, men of the U.S. Army’s 4th Platoon, 
Bravo  Company,  B  Battalion,  2nd  Regiment  of  the  32nd  Air  Defense 
Command were deployed in a mountain pass northeast of Ramstein Air 
Force Base, Germany. First Lieutenant Robert Cardeni was the 4th Platoon 
leader and Captain Michael J. Shestak was commanding Bravo Company. 
The soldiers had been told they were on special duty owing to Russian 
and/or  Warsaw  Pact  forces  testing  American  radar  defenses.  The  men 
were surprised that live ammunition for the Vulcan 20mm cannons and 
live Chaparral antiaircraft missiles were to be utilized. Lt. Cardeni gave 
orders to the crews of the cannons to load canisters of live high-explosive 
phosphorus rounds and to maintain high alert.

At about 00:45, Lt. Cardeni gave orders that something hostile was 
incoming  and  that  the  gunners  were  to  shoot  down  anything  coming 
though the pass, stating that since “no friendlies” would be flying below 
2,700 feet, anything else was to be shot down. At around 01:00, a Sergeant 
Yonts noticed a fast-approaching, zigzagging, flattened ellipsoid-shaped 
craft with rounded edges, about thirty feet long and glowing with a silvery 
iridescence. “It took a few seconds for Sgt. Yonts’s cannon’s computer and 
Doppler radar to calculate a precise speed, range, and direction of travel 
and to achieve a lock-on,” reports Ed Komarek, an American researcher 
who received the report anonymously, via mail. “When the cannon locked 
on to the object through the [reticulated] gunsights, he began firing, first 
a few rounds for effect and then three four-second bursts of 110 rounds 
each into the side of the object. . . .”

“Sgt. Yonts was almost at eye level with the object as he watched his 
rounds pouring into its sides. He was expecting to see the ‘blooming flower’ 
effect of the phosphorus rounds exploding, but he did not. . . . ‘It was as 
if the shells were being absorbed or being vaporized by some sort of ‘force 
field,’ Yonts said, [which] was quite a remarkable containment of shells 
having a 35-meter kill radius.”

Meanwhile,  on  the  mountainside,  Sgt.  William  McCracken,  inside 
the launch-control console of a Chaparral battery, locked on to a target 
and fired a missile, which climbed to about nine hundred feet, located 
the object, moved close ahead of the target, and detonated. Gunners and 
observers watched as the target started wobbling, “then stop[ped] forward 
motion and finally wobble[d] downward to the valley floor in what the 
observers believed was a controlled descent.”

U.S. Air Force personnel later secured this crash/landing site. According 
to Komarek’s source, various Air Force personnel, including a Major Mike 
Andrews (pseudonym?) and three Army officers from the Army Vulnerability
 Assessment Laboratory in Alamogordo, New Mexico, were flown in 
a C-141 Starlifter transport to Ramstein. “The soldiers who had had a direct 
active part in the mission less than twelve hours earlier met individually 
with the debriefers,” Komarek’s report continues. The three Army officers 
handled the first debriefing, followed by groups of Air Force officers, who 
warned the men that “if they ever told anyone about what they had imagined 
had happened, they would never work for the government [and] warned of 
unspecified dire things that would happen to them should they ever talk . . . 
the men were required to sign a security oath to never divulge the details of 
that night [and] if questioned in the future, to deny that it ever happened.”
On the afternoon of May 25, Major Andrews and his crew were told 
to report to their aircraft, parked at a remote location on the Ramstein air 
base, and he was shocked to note that a set of metal supports had been 
constructed on the wings and fuselage of his C-141, attached to which 
was “something large and ellipsoid,” covered with olive drab green canvas 
tarpaulins. During preparations for takeoff, Andrews noted the minimal 
fuel load, due to the weight of the additional craft. On reaching its cruise 
altitude, the C-141 was refuelled by a KC-135 tanker.

“Major Andrews’s orders were that he was not to land until he reached 
Wright-Patterson AFB, and that he would be met by refuelling tankers 
at strategic points across the Atlantic,” Ed Komarek learned. “It was dark 
in Ohio when Major Andrews landed to disembark the airmen-all but 
four who were to remain aboard and who then were carrying M16 rifles 
in addition to their sidearms. The pilots and crew of the C-141 were not 
allowed out of the plane and they did not refuel.

“Taking off again with a minimal fuel load, they were once again met 
at altitude by another KC-135 tanker and flew on direct to Nellis AFB, 
Nevada, where the crew was once again not allowed outside the aircraft 
as  their  wing-top  cargo  was  offloaded  and  taken  away,  again  covered 
completely.” On returning to McGuire AFB, New Jersey, Andrews and 
his crew were debriefed by an Air Force colonel who warned them never 
to discuss the mission with anyone.

Another source present during the downing of the craft pointed out 
to Komarek that, although he had observed the incident, there were no 
mountains northeast of Ramstein, only hills. However, although this 
informant did not witness the May 23/24 attack per se, he believes he 
did see the crashing object “looking like it was dripping iridescent white 
fire.” He also claims that a couple of weeks earlier another unknown 
craft  was  almost  hit  by  a  Nike  missile,  whereupon  it  “started  flying 
erratically, then two F-4s [Phantom jets] came and gave chase, disappearing
 beyond the ridges. Don’t know if they got that one, but the base 
went on full alert. We were anticipating the Russians to be coming, not 
the spacemen. . . .”22

THE SECRET TEAM
In 1994 I had the privilege on two occasions of interviewing L. Fletcher 
Prouty, a retired U.S. Air Force colonel-cited earlier-in Washington, 
D.C. A former fighter pilot and professor of air science and tactics at Yale 
University, he was also directly in charge of the global system designed to 
provide military support for the clandestine activities of the CIA.

Regarding  the  UFO  subject,  Prouty  revealed  a  hitherto  Top  Secret 
report he had investigated in 1953–54 relating to the observation of a large 
unknown craft which paced a C-54 military transport plane over the Pacific 
Ocean for over an hour, witnessed by the entire crew and passengers. His 
report appears in two of my books.23

All CIA military activities were channeled through Prouty. Not being 
a CIA man, per se, he was exempt from taking the oath of secrecy. And 
being the Focal Point Officer placed him in a very privileged position. “In 
effect,” states the publisher’s blurb to The Secret Team, one of two of his 
books he gave me, “Prouty has far more knowledge of CIA activities than 
almost all members of that organization.” The subtitle does not mince its 
words: The CIA and its Allies in Control of the United States and the World. 
“Like it or not,” he wrote in a preface to the second edition in 1990, “we 
now live in a new age of ‘One World.’ This is the age of global companies, 
of global communications and transport, of global finance and-just around 
the corner-global accommodation of political systems. . . . It is time to 
face the fact that true national sovereignty no longer exists. We live in a 
world of big business, big lawyers, big bankers, even bigger moneymen and 
big politics. It is the world of ‘The Secret Team.’

“In such a world, the Secret Team is a dominant power. It is neither 
military nor police. It is covert, and the best (or worst) of both. It gets the 
job done whether it has political authorization and direction or not. It is 
independent. It is lawless. [This book] is based upon personal experience 
generally derived from work in the Pentagon from 1955 to 1964. At retirement
, I was Chief of Special Operations (clandestine activities) with the 
U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff. These duties involved the military support 
of the clandestine activities of the CIA and were performed under the 
provisions of National Security Council Directive No. 5412/2.”

He continues: “I was the first author to point out that the CIA’s most 
important ‘Cover Story’ is that of an ‘Intelligence’ agency. Of course the 
CIA does make use of ‘intelligence’ and ‘intelligence gathering,’ but that 
is largely a front for its primary interest, ‘Fun and Games.’ The CIA is the 
center of a vast mechanism that specializes in Covert Operations. . . . In this 
sense, the CIA is the willing tool of a higher level Secret Team, or High 
Cabal, that usually includes representatives of the CIA and other instru-
mentalities of the government, certain cells of the business and professional 
world and, almost always, foreign participation. It is this Secret Team. . . .24
“At the heart of the Team, of course, are a handful of top executives of 
the CIA and of the National Security Council (NSC), most notably the 
chief  White House adviser to the president regarding foreign policy affairs. 
Around them revolves a sort of inner ring of presidential officials, civilians
, and military men from the Pentagon, and career professionals in the 
intelligence community. It is often quite difficult to tell exactly who many 
of these men really are, because some may wear a uniform and the rank of 
general and really be with the CIA and others may be as inconspicuous as 
the executive assistant to some Cabinet officer’s chief deputy.

“Out beyond this ring is an extensive and intricate network of government
 officials with responsibility for, or expertise in, some specific field 
that touches on national security or foreign affairs: ‘Think Tank’ analysts, 
businessmen who travel a lot or whose businesses (e.g., import-export or 
cargo airline operations) are useful, academic experts in this or that technical
 subject or geographic region, and quite importantly, alumni of the 
intelligence community-a service from which there are no unconditional 
resignations. . . .25

“Sponsored by President Truman and established by an act of Congress,” 
summarizes the publisher’s blurb for The Secret Team, “the CIA was initially 
founded as a data-coordinating, intelligence-gathering agency to help fight 
the Cold War, [but] its profile today is unrecognizable, and its power is 
unstoppable. . . . The President of the United States is impotent against it, 
Congress cannot legislate it, the military cannot corral it, and the public 
doesn’t even know about it.”

Regarding the CIA UFO-debunking program, in October 1994 I had 
the  pleasure  of  spending  a  day  in  the  delightful  company  of  Frederick 
C. Durant III, a former U.S. Naval Reserve pilot who was on the CIA’s 
Office of Scientific Intelligence advisory panel convened in January 1953 
to discuss methods of debunking the subject. Its final report is commonly 
known as “The Durant Report.” We subsequently corresponded regularly. 
While continuing to “toe the line,” a note he sent me in March 2007 was 
encouraging: “Hi, good friend! Never, never, ever give up. . . .”

A TIGHT LID
“The U.S. government and the British have made secret treaty agreements 
with the aliens in exchange for technology and so-called ‘recon’ missions 
during times of human conflict,” claims an anonymous three-star general. 
“The aliens have basically agreed not to concern themselves with the wars 
or conflicts of humans-‘not to interfere’ in society. Let the governments 
rule and decide. Exactly what the aliens get in return was not exactly made 
clear or available. Also, there are special ‘teams’ which eradicate, discredit, 
harass,  and  ‘trump up charges’  to  control  humans  who  experience  any 
visitations from aliens, or make verifiable UFO sightings. This is one of 
the reasons I retired. . . .”26

William J. Pawelec, the former U.S. Air Force computer operations and 
programing specialist cited in Chapter 14, confirms some of the above. 
“I would say this is international in scope,” he told Steven Greer of the 
Disclosure Project, in an interview that Pawelec had specified not to be 
released until December 2010:

“The projects that we have are closely tied in with other allies’ governments. 
In fact, I have been told back in the late 1970s, on one of the 
early classified projects I worked on . . . that there was a secret agreement 
between us and the Brits, so whatever we invent, they get. And there is 
no limitation as to what it is. The Brits can make their duplicates, and we 
don’t hold back on any of the technology, because of that secret agreement 
that was cut during World War II. And we have other allies like that. I 
believe that what we see also is a lot of cross-pollination of scientists from 
different countries working on projects even in the most classified arenas 
in the United States.”

Pawelec  also  hinted  that  certain  British  commando  units  liaise  with 
their American counterparts on the problem (as for example in the 1971/72 
incident described earlier by Harold Varnam). All these “black” projects 
were highly classified. “What concerns me,” he continued, “is when these 
projects go ‘beyond black’; people with ulterior motives that have gotten in 
control of these projects and/or the funding for them, and/or the ability of 
what really is scary, to write their own unlimited checks with no recourse to 
anybody. They’re not even a budget item any more. They literally authorize 
the Treasury to cut them checks [and] it becomes evident that they have 
agendas that are independent of the goals of the United States. And the 
attitude is seemingly one of control-power and control.

“The ability of certain forces out there to use force whenever absolutely 
necessary,  or  other  controlling  mechanism  to  ameliorate  the  danger  of 
a leak, or maintain secrecy with fear, is always there. If they can do one 
high-profile hit on somebody in a specific way, what it does is put the fear 
of God into those that they want to continue to control, so that they don’t 
say anything out of turn-they don’t probe where they shouldn’t probe, 
like Congressman Steven Schiff was doing. . . .27

“My concerns are for the freedom of our country-and of the free world. 
It sounds rather simplistic, but we have a philosophy upon which we base 
our lives, and my philosophy is the republican form of government-if we 
can get back to it in some way, shape or form-[which] is the strongest 
form of government developed by man. If we don’t find ways to neutralize 
these negative forces, we’re going to find our lifestyles-our concepts of 
life as a species-nullified.”28

As Dwight D. Eisenhower had warned in his farewell speech as president 
in January 1961: “In the councils of government, we must guard against 
the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by 
the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of 
misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the weight 
of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. . . .”29
That scenario of a satellite government has long since arrived. In their 
book  A.D.  After  Disclosure,  Richard  Dolan  and  Bryce  Zabel  refer  to  it 
as  “The  Breakaway  Group.”  “Bolstered  by  tremendous  co-opted  assets 
worldwide,” they claim, “they have over the years gained tremendous independence
 from the established political and military authorities. For it is 
likely that this Breakaway Group answers not so much to the president of 
the United States as it does toward powerful, private, internationally based 
individuals and groups. . . .”30

Dolan  and  Zabel  also  cite  the  research  by  Dr.  Richard  Sauder  into 
massive,  deep,  clandestine  bases  and  tunnels-including  those  beneath 
our seabeds-plans of which were initiated by the U.S. national security 
establishment in the 1960s.31 And according to Dolan and Zabel, an assistant
 secretary to a branch of the armed forces “told a family friend that he 
had been ‘briefed’ for some eight weeks at an underground facility outside 
of Washington. Asked the purpose of the briefing, this highly placed man, 
who went on to become a cabinet secretary, said, ‘There is intelligent life 
in the universe. It’s here. And I’ve seen it. . . .’ The cabinet secretary told 
the family friend that aliens were just the ‘tip of the iceberg’ in terms of 
mind-blowing revelations. . . .”32

=============================================================================
CHAPTER NINETEEN. WHAT ON EARTH?

Earlier, I revealed information pertaining to an alien technology transfer 
program provided for me by a U.S. Army Intelligence veteran, a senior 
aerospace reporter based in the Washington, D.C. area. He, in turn, 
acquired that knowledge from a high-ranking source at the Pentagon in 
the USAF Air Staff and Joint Staff in the 1980s. If what my source has 
learned about the alien presence on Earth is true, it supports Dr. David 
Jacobs’s contention that a hybridization program poses a serious threat to 
humankind.

The following scenario is based on some new information relating to 
“Project Aquarius,” acquired more recently from my source relating to a 
particular  species-probably  the  predominant  group-involved  in  the 
abduction program. I shall also touch on some of the material first revealed 
in Unearthly Disclosure. As to what is happening currently, I have no idea, 
apart from the information supplied to me by Maria Rivera.

The  creatures  have/had  a  long-term  plan  to  create  a  race  of  alien/
human hybrids, purportedly to make us more peaceful. Their true purpose, 
however, is to create a passive human race, incapable of violence, by 
eradicating the human emotions that enable us to survive-thus laying us 
open to conquest. However, if this has been a long-term stratagem, I’ve 
yet to see much evidence of the human race becoming less violent. In any 
event, these particular aliens are not omnipotent, and to a certain extent 
feared us. Although possessing a type of handheld weapon, some of them 
had been killed by our military.

A number of their bases were guarded by elements of the U.S. military. 
Compartmentalization within Project Aquarius was extreme. A select cell 
within the Army, for example, worked with other security cells in the Air 
Force and Navy. Around a hundred personnel from the Air Force Office 
of Special Investigations (AFOSI) were involved. During my meeting 
in 1998 at the Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office (DARO) in the 
Pentagon, the director, General Kenneth R. Israel, confirmed for me that 
AFOSI was involved in investigations, since the phenomenon seemed to 
him to be more of a policing problem rather than one affecting national 
security.1

Even theater commanders-in-chief (CINCs) were “out of the loop,” I 
learned. Those in the loop were said to include the president (though not 
always), the Secretary of Defense, the Director of Central Intelligence, 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The latter was said to be 
in charge of Project Aquarius, which, given his legal status as the highest 
ranking military officer in the U.S. Armed Forces and prinicipal adviser 
to the president, makes sense.

In the event of leaks, dossiers on potential offenders were prepared by 
security personnel to discredit their reputations in the media. Those few 
in Congress and the media who expressed an interest and asked too many 
questions were “dealt with”-as I hinted in the previous chapter.

A president, as well as a chairman of the Joint Chiefs, is alleged to have 
been abducted. As to who, I haven’t a clue. But in this connection, I remain 
intrigued by an extraordinary and barely known report in 1982 relating to 
General William C. Westmoreland (1914–2005), a U.S. Army general who 
commanded military operations in the Vietnam War (1964–68), afterwards 
serving as U.S. Army Chief of Staff (1968–72):

“ufo kidnap” puts u.s. army in a flap

Los Angeles, Thursday

A report that America’s Vietnam commander, General William 
Westmoreland, had been “snatched by a flying saucer” sparked 
off a full-scale emergency alert.

The  report  was  made  by  49-year-old  Mrs.  Edith  Mello. 
Security  police  immediately  tried  to  track  down  the  general. 
They failed. And troops at El Paso Army base in Texas were 
put on full alert.

“We put out an all-points bulletin,” said Army spokesman 
Ed  Starnes.  “But  four  hours  later  we  decided  the  woman’s 
claim was just too much so we called off the search.”

The Army said later that General Westmoreland had been 
found . . . but refused to say where.2

GRAYS’ ANATOMY
The alien species described by my source said they lived for several hundreds
 of years. Anatomically, they had a bi-chambered heart, and a single 
lung served to oxygenate their blood and tissues and to eliminate bodily 
wastes in gaseous form. Vegetable-based food was liquefied and its nutrients 
absorbed through their tissues, not gastronomically. Their genitals were 
similar to ours, but those of the male were much smaller.

Regarding the modus operandi relating to the alien hybridization process, 
the wombs of their females are much smaller than those of humans, thus 
unable to accommodate transgenic fetuses for more than two months, hence 
human  wombs  were  favored.  Cross-species  copulation  was  very  seldom 
employed, since the alien male organs were too soft. Thus artificial insemi-
nation prevailed. The fetuses, extracted prematurely after the two-month 
period, were nurtured somehow until reaching term at seven months. In 
addition to their cross-breeding experiments, these aliens supposedly had 
experimented with various types of bacteria and viruses, which gave rise 
to concern.

Though generally thinner and shorter and with somewhat larger heads 
and eyes, the hybridized men and women appeared human. Some, of both 
sexes, appeared well-formed, even good-looking. However-at that time 
anyway-they were unable to vocalize as we do, owing to underdeveloped 
tongues and larynxes. By way of food, they consumed nothing solid. Some 
of  these  hybrids  lived  in  the  aliens’  bases  on  Earth,  others  elsewhere, 
including their own planet(s). Only a few lived among us. The aliens reckoned
 it would take around a hundred years for them to infiltrate our planet.

ALIEN BASES
In 2011, a fellow researcher revealed to me that, according to an apparently 
reliable source, there is “a large area somewhere in Mexico, quarantined by 
the American military, where three hundred thousand aliens reside. These 
aliens have also created hybrids that look like us. There is also a technology 
transfer between this quarantined group and the military.” I pressed for 
further information. “As to this rumor,” my friend replied, “it comes from 
a very special international military source I have promised not to reveal. 
I don’t know if there is any truth to this claim, but I have so many clues to 
UFO bases in Mexico that I keep an open mind.”

The  researcher  cites  a  letter  from  Fred  Steckling  to  Major  Hans  C. 
Petersen (George Adamski’s Danish representative) in October 1967, in 
which he reports that Fred and his wife Ingrid, while visiting the area 
where a base was said to be located not far from San José Perua, where 
Adamski visited several times, saw a craft disappear into a mountain. Also, 
contactee Richard Högland describes (in Chapter 11) how in 1967–68 the 
aliens with whom he was in regular contact moved their Bahamas base to 
an area outside Mexico City.

Like the Amicizia group, the aliens cited by my Washington source created
 huge bases in mountainous and undersea locations. To accommodate 
their smaller craft, mountain locations were favored, but their giant “command
 ships” were restricted to the undersea bases. Our military expressed 
concern that these craft contributed to the heating up of the oceans, but 
this was denied. Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso, the intelligence officer 
who served on President Eisenhower’s National Security Council Staff at 
the White House and headed the U.S. Army’s Foreign Technology desk 
at the Pentagon, confirms that “USOs” were of considerable concern to 
military authorities.

“Unidentified  Submerged  Objects  [were]  a  worry  in  naval  circles, 
particularly as war planners advanced strategies for protracted submarine 
warfare in the event of a first strike. [USOs] could plunge right into the 
ocean . . . and surface halfway around the world without so much as leaving 
an  underwater  signature  we  could  pick  up.  Were  these  USOs  building 
bases at the bottom of the oceanic basins beyond the dive capacity of our 
best submarines?”3

MASS APPEARANCES
The Joint Chiefs and other insiders fear sightings witnessed by numerous 
observers. Although this has yet to occur simultaneously on a wide scale, 
large numbers of people in various parts of the world have sighted-and 
sometimes filmed-multiple craft. One such incident occurred in Italy-
perhaps an early incursion related to the Amicizia group of aliens-on 
October 27, 1954. A crowd of around ten thousand had gathered to watch 
a reserve game between Fiorentina and nearby rivals Pistoiese at the Stadio 
Artemio Franchi.

“I  remember  clearly  seeing  this  incredible  sight,”  said  Gigi  Boni,  a 
Fiorentina fan now in his eighties. “They were moving very fast and then 
they just stopped. It all lasted a couple of minutes. I would like to describe 
them as being like Cuban cigars. . . . I think they were extraterrestrial.” 
The stadium fell silent as the players and fans stood transfixed, staring at 
these strange objects.

“I remember everything,” said Ardico Magnini, a key player in the Fio-
rentina side. “Everything came to a stop because everybody was looking up 
at the sky intently [and] also there was some silver ‘glitter’ coming down 
from the sky. We were absolutely shocked from the moment we saw it.”4

Another incident was reported in Chile, where the Amicizia group are 
said to have established a base during that period on an island in south 
Chile (Chapter 13).

On the afternoon of August 17, 1985, an estimated two million people 
watched two UFOs for four hours in Santiago, the capital of Chile. “The 
general area where the objects were observed included Santiago’s metropolitan
 area with a population of over three million people, the central coastal 
region around the main port of Valparaiso, and various other resorts and 
locations in central Chile,” reports Antonio Huneeus. “Across the Andes in 
Argentina, the UFOs were also observed in the evening hours in Umkai, 
Mendoza, and other sites near the border with Chile. There was a large 
number of highly reliable witnesses.
“These include astronomers at the University of Chile’s Cerro Calan 
Observatory in Santiago, engineers at NASA’s Satellite Tracking Station in 
Peldehue, pilots of commercial airliners, military personnel, etc. The UFOs 
were also filmed by cameramen from the national TV station, Channel 7, 
the Cerro Calan astronomers, and private individuals.

“An  ‘unidentified  radar  target’  was  detected  as  well  by  the  radar 
screens at Santiago’s International Airport of Pudahuel [and] published 
in  the  official  magazine  of  Chile’s  General  Administration  of  Civil 
Aeronautics.”5

A SINISTER AGENDA
Returning  to  my  Washington  source,  I  learned  that,  shockingly,  many 
children had gone missing, believed to have been abducted, particularly in 
the South Carolina area at that time. This was “confirmed” by the anonymous
 three-star general (cited in the previous chapter) to an American 
researcher in 1989. “There are over a million missing children every year 
in the United States alone,” he alleged. “The aliens take about 2,200 children
 a year from the United States and other countries. . . . The rest of the 
missing children are the result of Mankind’s ‘dark side.’ The children are 
used in several ways: biological, to educate and return, experimentation, 
and disease studies. The same as adults.”6

ALASKA BASE
As  briefly  mentioned  in  an  earlier  chapter,  an  alien  base  was  sited  in 
Alaska-the  nation’s  largest  state.  George  Adamski,  the  first  to  claim 
that aliens had established bases on Earth, remarked in a private letter to 
Emma Martinelli that he had learned from a marine engineer in Alaska 
that spacecraft landed frequently in a certain area “around the Aleutians.” 
“I have seen them, lots of them,” the engineer told Adamski in person in 
early 1952 (prior to Adamski’s first contact). “Not only the flying saucers 
but the cigar-shaped type too. I have a two-year-old daughter who has seen 
more of them and has even been inside more of them than most people 
will ever see. . . . They have been landing there. When they come in, we 
usually drive out to see the ships and visit the crews. My little girl is with 
me on most of these drives.”

“He told me the following, as I asked different questions,” Adamski 
continued. “All space craft are magnetically propelled [and] they vary in 
size all the way from thirty feet to five miles in length. No greater comfort 
or beauty could be found anywhere than is inside these ships. . . . They are 
coming from Mars, Venus, Saturn, and a system beyond ours known as 
System 359, the Wolf Star.

“The men average from three feet to six and a half feet in height [and] 
are very handsome. As he said, we are a crude form of humanity alongside 
of them. . . . The uniform of the tall men is a one-piece garment with an 
automatic button by which, when they press it, the whole garment opens 
up and can be dropped off easily and quickly, if desired. The little men 
wear two-piece uniforms fastened together with the same type fastener.”7
Patrick Price, a gifted psychic employed by a CIA contractor in the 
1970s, “remotely viewed” an alien base in Alaska, which he said lay under 
Mount Hayes. He described these alien occupants as “looking like homo 
sapiens, except for the lungs, heart, blood, and eyes.”8,9

According to Preston Dennett, an established Californian researcher, 
a  “friend  of  a  friend,”  given  the  pseudonym  Tom,  had  worked  for  the 
U.S. government with a top-secret clearance at a base in Alaska, located 
almost totally underground in an eight-story building. The base, Dennett 
learned, supposedly financed itself by setting up the world’s leading drug 
smugglers. “Officials would arrest the drug smugglers, confiscate all the 
money and drugs, and then turn around and sell the drugs back to another 
smuggler-whom they would then proceed to arrest and confiscate [from].”
Tom claimed that some of the best scientific minds in the country were 
employed in advanced research, involving the latest technology. The major 
areas of research and development included biological weapons; electronic 
sensory and detection devices which allowed telescopic sight through solid 
objects, such as walls; and electromagnetic propulsion devices, “flying craft 
which needed no fuel other than the Earth’s magnetic field on which to 
operate. According to Tom, the ships look like UFOs, and are able to hover 
silently and move at astonishing speeds.”

Such was the level of security, it was claimed, that each week Tom was 
taken to a special room and injected with sodium pentothal, hypnotized, 
then  “interrogated  about  every  aspect  of  his  life  for  the  past  week.”10 
Another apocryphal story, of course. But in view of the additional accompanying
 hearsay evidence, such stories should not be dismissed arbitrarily.
Robert F. Dorr, a former senior diplomat and leading aviation authority 
who served in the U.S. Air Force, claims that the 49th state was the center 
of a “UFO war” in the 1970s. He cites, for instance, a case in June 1975 
involving a Lockheed T-33 two-seat trainer repeatedly buzzed by a circular
 craft estimated to be 150 feet in diameter. All attempts at avoiding 
the craft failed. Indeed, the pilots were convinced the craft was attempting 
to  ram  them.  Fortunately,  the  craft  suddenly  “vanished.”  Furthermore, 
bizarre weather conditions were frequently encountered by pilots. “Radios 
and electronic instruments don’t work the way they’re supposed to,” said 
an experienced air charter pilot. “Thunderstorms, tornadoes, and lightning 
appear when there’s no meteorological reason to expect them. Even when 
the  weatherman  predicts  CAVU  [ceiling  and  visibility  unlimited],  you 
sometimes get storms. And you get these weird cloud formations where 
the whole sky suddenly turns a milky, amber color. It’s terrifying.”11 Such 
deliberately induced manipulations of weather by aliens were verified for 
me by the Washington source-and by the distinguished Brazilian explorer 
and researcher Dr. Rubens J. Villela (see Unearthly Disclosure).

John B. Alexander is a retired U.S. Army colonel who served as a project 
manager at Los Alamos National Laboratory and worked with the National 
Research Council, the Council on Foreign Relations, and as a consultant to 
the National Intelligence Council, the CIA, the U.S. Special Operations 
Command, and the Army Science Board. In his book UFOs he concedes 
the reality thereof, per se, but dismisses an alien interpretation. In the late 
1980s, an unnamed friend in the Inspector General’s Office came across 
a stack of reports that had accumulated in a battalion command center in 
Alaska. “There were eighteen reports of events in January 1987 near St. 
Lawrence Island, which lies in the Bering Sea well west of the Alaska 
mainland,” writes Alexander. “This rather large island is home to just more 
than a thousand people, mostly Yupik, who are among those who hunt for 
survival purposes.” Of the reports described to Alexander, the following 
is interesting:

“At picture A is a replica of the drawing submitted. . . . The large domed 
object on the right side of the picture was described as far larger than a 
Boeing 747 aircraft. It was followed by two smaller discs. All were very 
dark on the underside and were traveling toward the north trailing smoke. 
The observers then noticed that the large craft appeared to generate a cloud 
that engulfed it. The UFO, shrouded in the cloud, was then seen to fly 
against [the] direction from which the wind was blowing.”12

Perhaps of relevance here is the well-known case involving the extraordinary
 radar-confirmed encounter with a giant craft reported by the crew 
of a Japan Airlines Boeing 747 on its approach to Anchorage Airport on 
November 17, 1986, to which I alluded briefly in Chapter 15.

PRESIDENTIAL INVOLVEMENT
A  number  of  U.S.  presidents  have  been  exposed  to  the  alien  situation. 
According to Bruno Sammaciccia of the Amicizia W56 group, even George 
Washington was contacted. No details are provided, other than that in 
addition to “W56”-referring to the group’s starting date in 1956-it was 
also meant as a form of homage to the nation’s first president.13 Chapter 
4 describes several meetings with aliens said to have been arranged with 
President Eisenhower. And according to the comedian and musician Jackie 
Gleason, who had a great interest in the subject, one night in 1973 he was 
taken by his friend President Richard M. Nixon to a top-secret repository 
at Homestead Air Force Base, Florida, where bodies of aliens were stored. 
Beverly  McKittrick,  Gleason’s  wife,  confirmed  that  her  husband  had 
returned from the trip visibly shaken by the experience.14

In Chapter 15, I cited evidence from Captain Bill Uhouse, a former 
U.S. Marine Corps fighter pilot who claims to have worked on a top-secret 
program relating to the avionics of simulators built for the reproduction of 
alien vehicles. In an interview with Glenn Campbell, using the pseudonym 
“Jarod-2,” Uhouse stated that to protect what was found at the disc crash 
sites, “those in charge at the time scrambled for a position and a decision 
as to whom in the government would carry the responsibility:

“This included security, material, personnel, documents, and military 
and civilian intelligence. It was not decided until the Eisenhower administration
 in the early part of 1953. A group was formed by the president, 
and the chairman of the group was Vice President Richard Nixon. Around 
June of 1953, the final decision was made to set up a ‘satellite government.’ 
This separate government would interface with the U.S. government for 
support only.”

Personnel involved in any part of the disc retrievals were reassigned to 
this satellite government, new security requirements were established, and 
new clearances were assigned. “Think what you would do to maintain a 
level of secrecy of something inherently totally bizarre in nature,” Uhouse 
explained. “Nixon did it right by establishing the satellite government. This 
provided cover for the visitors plus a totally new concept for protecting all 
information relating to this subject.”15

President Ronald Reagan took a considerable interest in the subject of 
aliens, having had two sightings. One of these occurred in 1974 when he 
was the governor of California. “We were near Bakersfield when Governor 
Reagan and [his security personnel] called my attention to a big light flying 
a bit behind my plane,” reported Reagan’s pilot, Bill Paynter. “It was a 
fairly steady light until it began to accelerate, then it appeared to elongate. 
Then the light took off . . . from a normal cruise speed to a fantastic speed 
instantly.”

Reagan himself described the incident to Norman Miller, then Washington
  bureau  chief  for  The  Wall  Street  Journal.  According  to  Miller, 
Reagan ordered his pilot to follow the object. “All of a sudden, to our utter 
amazement it went straight up into the heavens,” said Reagan. “When I 
got off the plane, I told Nancy all about it. And we read up on the long 
history of UFOs.”16

On the evening of June 27, 1982, Reagan hosted Steven Spielberg in the 
White House at a special screening for thirty or so guests of the soon-to-
be-released movie, E.T.-The Extraterrestrial. In an interview with “Quint” 
(Eric Vespe of Ain’t It Cool News) in 2011, Spielberg finally addressed 
the question of what Reagan was rumored to have said about the subject 
matter following the showing.

“The story I heard,” began Quint, “is that when Reagan saw it, he started 
talking about how close to reality it was, and he was quickly ushered out 
of the room. Is that true?”

“No, he wasn’t,” replied Spielberg. “He was the President of the United 
States. Nobody could usher Ronald Reagan out the room! It was in the 
White House screening room, and Reagan got up to thank me for bringing 
the  film  to  show  the  president,  the  First  Lady,  and  all  of  their  guests, 
who included Sandra Day O’Connor in her first week as a Justice of the 
Supreme Court, and it included some astronauts. I think Neil Armstrong 
was  there-I’m  not  a  hundred  percent  certain.  But  it  was  an  amazing, 
amazing evening.

“He just stood up and he looked around the room, almost like he was 
doing a head count, and he said, ‘I wanted to thank you for bringing 
E.T. to the White House. We really enjoyed your movie.’ And then he 
looked around the room and said, ‘And there are a number of people in 
this room who know that everything on that screen is absolutely true.’ 
And he said it without smiling. But everybody laughed-the whole room 
laughed because he presented it like a joke. But he wasn’t smiling as he 
said it. . . .”17

Leading  Canadian  researcher  Grant  Cameron  points  out  that,  coincidentally
, on the morning following the E.T. screening, a meeting took 
place in the Oval Office of the White House between President Reagan 
and James A. Baker III, Chief of Staff; Edwin Meese III, Counselor; and 
Michael K. Deaver, Deputy Chief of Staff. “From there,” reports Grant, 
“the four men went to the highly secure White House Situation Room, 
where the president participated in a briefing of the U.S. Space Program. 
Participants included six members of the National Security Council or 
National Security Affairs and no one from NASA.

“The absence of anyone from NASA for a briefing of the U.S. Space Program
 is unheard of. The absence of any NASA people is even more unusual, 
in light of the fact that a couple of days later, President Reagan attended 
the landing of the U.S. Space Shuttle at Edwards Air Force Base.”18

President  Mikhail  Gorbachev  has  confirmed  officially  that  during 
the Geneva Summit in 1985 with Reagan, the question of collaboration 
on the alien problem was discussed. “The U.S. President said that, if the 
Earth faced an invasion by extraterrestrials,” he stated at the Kremlin in 
1987, “the United States and the Soviet Union would join forces to repel 
such an invasion. I shall not dispute the hypothesis, though I think it’s 
early yet to worry about such an intrusion.”19 During an interview by Fabio 
Fazio with Gorbachev on Italian television in 2006, the former Russian 
president confirmed his discussion with Reagan:
“. . . At that time it was a very difficult dialogue because we could not 
meet each other halfway. And I remember during a walk by the villa garden 
where we met, President Reagan stopped and said, ‘But listen to me, President
 Gorbachev: If we were attacked from space, would we come together? 
Would we unite?’ I answered him, ‘I do not know what you think about it 
but I propose to come together, that we join forces. . . .’”20

Was an alien responsible for Reagan’s presidency? According to I Love 
Lucy star Lucille Ball, Reagan confided in her that in the 1950s, while still 
an actor, he had a close encounter of the third kind. Ball told screen legend 
Shirley MacLaine about the encounter, which supposedly took place when 
Reagan and his wife Nancy were on their way to a party in Los Angeles. 
Apparently a UFO landed and the alien emerged, telling Reagan to quit 
acting and take up politics!21

In Need to Know, I referenced a leak of information provided to Anthony 
L. Kimery, an award-winning editor and journalist specializing in global 
security, defense, and intelligence issues. In 1989, an Executive Branch 
employer revealed to Kimery that he had seen a top-secret National Security 
Council report prepared as a briefing paper for the new administration of 
President George H. W. Bush. The report referenced the operation of a 
deep underground government facility dealing specifically with the alien 
situation somewhere along the northern New Mexico border.22 As mentioned
 in Chapter 15, I learned that the facility was located in the nuclear-
weapons storage area within the Manzano Mountains, which are actually 
in central New Mexico.

In 2003 I wrote to former president George H. W. Bush (a former U.S. 
Navy pilot and Director of Central Intelligence), requesting a dialogue to 
discuss “these delicate matters.” “Mr. Bush appreciated hearing from you,” 
responded his assistant, “and while he appreciates the spirit of your request, 
he must respectfully decline [owing to] the many requests he receives for 
personal appointments. . . .”23

As for President George W. Bush (a former Air National Guard jet pilot 
who flew the F-102 Delta Dagger jet among others, on several occasions), 
a friend of mine who had known President Bush Jr. for many years queried 
him about the subject during a visit to the White House. “Ask Cheney,” 
came the terse reply, referring to Vice-President Dick Cheney.
T HE K E NNE DY C ONNE C T ION
In Need to Know, I revealed for the first time that in 1961/62, President 
John F. Kennedy requested to be shown the alien bodies associated with 
a certain crash site. A former White House Staff source told me that the 
request  had  been  granted,  and  JFK,  along  with  “top  brass”  headed  by 
General Godfrey T. McHugh, was flown in Air Force One to Tyndall 
Air Force Base, Florida, where the bodies had been preserved at a medical 
facility. The visit remains highly classified.24

As a military aide, McHugh also accompanied JFK during the trip to 
Dallas on November 22, 1963, and was present at Bethesda Naval Hospital, 
Maryland, during Kennedy’s autopsy, as Colonel Fletcher Prouty reports.25
In George Adamski: The Untold Story and in Alien Base, Lou Zinsstag 
described the sometimes difficult period she spent with Adamski as one of 
his co-workers: my section analyzed critically the numerous claims he made 
over the years. Some of these claims seem ludicrous. However, despite his 
reputation among many researchers as a charlatan, it is a fact that Adamski 
was consulted by a number of people at high levels of the U.S. government. 
According to Dr. Jacques Vallee, Adamski carried a passport bearing special 
privileges, and several of his associates assured me that he also possessed a 
U.S. Government Ordnance pass which gave him access to all U.S. military 
bases and to certain restricted areas-including the White House.

In  1963,  President  Kennedy  met  Adamski  at  the  Willard  Hotel  in 
Washington, close to the White House, according to my late friend Madeleine
 Rodeffer, who looked after Adamski at her house in Silver Spring, 
Maryland, a Washington suburb, for several months prior to his death in 
1965. (On February 26 that year, Adamski had taken color movie footage 
of a classic “scoutcraft” describing maneuvers outside the house, in the presence
 of Madeleine and some U.S. government personnel. The 8mm film 
was authenticated by William Sherwood, an optical physicist and former 
senior project engineer at Eastman-Kodak, Rochester, who also introduced 
Adamski to other Kodak specialists.) 26

On May 5, 1963, after arriving in Denmark during his European tour, 
Adamski revealed to his Danish representative Major Hans C. Petersen, 
Senior Air Traffic Control Officer in the Royal Danish Air Force (1949–
1976), that shortly before leaving for Europe he had had a secret meeting 
with Kennedy. Adamski also revealed to the press some details of his visit to 
a “U.S. government office” (without mentioning Kennedy). The following 
day, reports Ragnvald A. Carlsen, a Danish researcher who, together with 
Hans Petersen, helped arrange the Adamski visit, a large billboard for the 
Fredericia Dagblad displayed the following headline: “ADAMSKI: Venus-
mand advarede mig om Cuba-krisen” (“Man from Venus warned me about 
Cuba crisis”).

“Despite his seventy-two years he is still supple and gives the impression 
of being a well-balanced person,” wrote the reporter. “One cannot demand 
that people believe in flying saucers,” Adamski was quoted as saying. “They 
want proof; it’s human nature. But those who have seen these objects have 
become convinced. . . . I expect even less that people should believe that 
I have been contacted many times by men from Venus, [but] a year ago I 
was contacted by [such] a man who said that, before long, there would be 
a crisis over Cuba, which could perhaps mean a Third World War. That 
was three months before the Cuba crisis started. At that time I happened 
to be in Washington, D.C., and I went along to a government office where 
I passed on the information.”

During a visit to Washington in 1995, following a lecture he had given 
to a group of interested delegates at the United Nations in New York, Major 
Petersen made some interesting comments, including reference to a trip 
to another planet claimed by Adamski in early March 1962, specifically 
in relation to what eventually turned out to be the Cuban missile crisis in 
October that year. On his return, Adamski called Petersen, explaining 
that he had to go to Washington to deliver a message for the president. 
“I cannot tell you what this message is,” said Adamski, “but if you follow 
the political situation on Earth, you will be able to see for yourself what the 
message contains.” Had Kennedy not solved the Cuba crisis the way he 
did, Petersen pointed out, there would have been a Third World War.27 
As  General  Anatoly  Gribkov,  former  Soviet  Army  chief  of  operations, 
admitted: “Nuclear catastrophe was hanging by a thread . . . and we weren’t 
counting days or hours-but minutes.”28

I learned from Lou Zinsstag that, on an unknown date, Adamski had 
been entrusted with a written invitation for President Kennedy to visit one 
of the aliens’ huge motherships at a secret airbase in Desert Hot Springs, 
California,  for  a  few  days.  In  order  to  keep  this  visit  absolutely  secret, 
Adamski was to take the invitation directly to the White House through 
a side door, where a man he knew was ready to let him in. Adamski later 
learned that Kennedy had spent several hours at the airbase, after having 
canceled an important trip to New York, and that he had had a long talk 
with the ship’s crew, but that he had not been invited for a flight.29

Emily Crewe, the British researcher cited in Chapter 16, has related to 
me that on June 6, 1963, Adamski was invited for a meeting at Desmond 
Leslie’s home in St. John’s Wood, London. Those present included Earl 
Mountbatten of Burma, Supreme Allied Commander in Southeast Asia 
during World War II and appointed Chief of the Defence Staff in 1965; 
Lord Dowding, former Commander-in-Chief of RAF Fighter Command 
during the Battle of Britain in 1940; the Earl of Clancarty (Brinsley Le 
Poer Trench), and Emily. The group (minus Emily, not in the best of health 
at the time) was later invited by Mountbatten for discussions at Broadlands, 
his estate in Hampshire.

During the London meeting, Adamski revealed further details about 
the Kennedy contact. The alien craft had landed in the small hours on the 
tarmac at the end of one of the airbase runways. “When Kennedy arrived,” 
Emily reports, “his car was stopped and he was advised to get out and walk 
to the ship that awaited him. He was to come alone. JFK obeyed the summons
 and he was seen entering the alien vessel and stayed for some time 
before he came out at last, later refusing to speak about the incident.”30

According to Henry Dohan, previously referenced in Chapter 7, many 
years prior to becoming president, Kennedy met with Adamski on several 
occasions at the latter’s home in Vista, California, where he was introduced 
to several of the aliens living among us. “Since the space people know the 
past, present, and future of every one of us,” claimed Dohan, “they told 
Kennedy that he would become the president of the U.S. Kennedy thought 
it was ludicrous, since he was Catholic, and the space [people] told him, 
‘No, you go for it and you will get it.’ Kennedy kept in touch with Adamski 
and had clandestine meetings with him, even when he was president.

“Kennedy  had  one  weakness,  and  that  was  that  he  loved  too  many 
women.  I  believe  he  was  intimate  with  Marilyn  Monroe  and  confided 
in her about his extraterrestrial knowledge. Also, he was the first U.S. 
president to invest one billion dollars of the U.S. budget in space research. 
He became a threat to our oil and industrial magnates, which led to his 
Mafia assassination and that of Marilyn Monroe.”31 If there’s any truth in 
the Lucille Ball/Reagan story mentioned earlier, it seems Kennedy wasn’t 
alone in being encouraged to push for the presidency.

Regarding Monroe, a putative CIA document dated August 3, 1962, 
is possibly revealing.32 Classified Top Secret, it references the FBI wire-
tapping of a conversation between the noted reporter Dorothy Kilgallen 
and Monroe’s friend Howard Rothberg, in which the latter reveals to the 
reporter that Monroe kept a “diary of secrets” relating to her trysts with 
President Kennedy and his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy.

The memo also cites Rothberg as saying that Marilyn had “secrets to 
tell,” including “the visit by the president at a secret air base for the purpose 
of inspecting things from outer space. . . . In the mid-fifties, Kilgallen 
learned of secret efforts by the U.S. and U.K. governments to identify the 
origin of crashed spacecraft and dead bodies, from a British government 
official.” (Almost certainly, the visit cited was the one JFK made to Tyndall 
Air Force Base, described earlier.) The CIA memorandum goes on to cite 
a number of threats made by Monroe, including holding a press conference 
in which she would “tell all.”33

PRESIDENT CARTER
In 1969, President-to-be Jimmy Carter had a UFO sighting in Georgia, 
which he spoke about publicly on several occasions. Skeptics claimed he 
had merely spotted the planet Venus, a ridiculous explanation given Carter’s 
background  as  a  U.S.  Navy  submarine  line  officer-thus  familiar  with 
planets and stars. Harvey Jack McGeorge II, formerly in the Special Forces 
Reserve, Green Berets, at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, later worked in the 
U.S. Secret Service (Technical Security Division) at the White House as 
adviser on national and international terrorism. Having struck up a friendship
 with Carter, he is said to have been the first member of the Secret 
Service, outside of its chief, to have witnessed a presidential briefing on 
UFOs. The following report originates from an account which McGeorge 
gave to a friend in the 1980s, which was then passed on to Harry Lebelson 
of OMNI magazine.

“Upon Carter’s insistence, and in spite of protestations from the National 
Security Agency,” states a transcript of the report, “McGeorge was allowed 
to attend [a] briefing session. . . . There were two briefings given to Carter. 
McGeorge attended at least the initial briefing.

“Once the president was in the room, seated at a table, Jack McGeorge 
at another table, a member of the NSA gave an overall briefing on the 
phenomenon, stating its historical characteristics and bringing it up to 
the present time. At that point, a number of documents describing the 
evolutionary habits of the beings, the reasons they were here, and other 
matters of that consequence were shown. . . . The next thing to be shown to 
Jimmy Carter was a fifteen-minute [color] film taken at Holloman AFB in 
which UFO inhabitants and military personnel made physical contact. . . .
“After that there were more briefings by national security people-and 
basically that was the end of the briefing. McGeorge, being a very observant
 person, noticed that on re-entering Carter’s office about half an hour 
after the briefing-and I know this is going to be hard to believe-but he 
stated that Carter had tears in his eyes. . . .”34

PRESIDENT KIRSAN ILYUMZHINOV
Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, former president (1993–2010) of the southwestern Russian
 region of Kalmykia (the only Buddhist region in Europe)-a multimillionaire
 businessman and current president of the World Chess Federation 
(FIDE)-made the newswires in 2006 when he claimed to have been taken 
on board an alien spacecraft while on a business trip in 1997. “It happened on 
the 17th of September,” he told a British journalist. “I was taken from my apartment
 in Moscow and taken to this spaceship, and we went to some star. I asked, 
‘Please bring me back,’ because the next day I had to be back in Kalmykia-in 
Elista-to go to the Ukraine. ‘No problem,’ they said, ‘you have time.’”

“How much of that experience do you recall?” asked the journalist.
Ilyumzhinov’s responses were somewhat brief. “They are people like us,” 
he replied. “They have the same mind, the same vision, and so on. I talked 
with them. I understood that we are not alone-we are not unique. I am 
not a crazy man. But after that, when I gave the first interview to Radio 
Freedom in Russia five years ago, thousands of people wrote me letters or 
called by phone, saying, ‘Kirsan, you are a politician and you are not afraid 
to talk about it.’” Which, at least, is more than can be said for any other 
president  or  national  leader-apart,  perhaps,  from  the  current  Russian 
Prime Minister and former President Dmitry Medvedev (see later).

In another interview, on a Russian talk show on April 26, 2010, Ily-
umzhinov revealed that the experience had begun with the appearance of 
a “semi-transparent half tube” on the balcony of his apartment. He then 
entered it and met “human-like creatures in yellow spacesuits,” the Moscow 
Times reported. “I am often asked which language I used to talk to them. 
Perhaps it was on a level of the exchange of the ideas,” he explained to the 
program host. “They put a spacesuit on me, told me many things, and 
showed me around. They wanted to demonstrate that UFOs do exist.”

“What has gotten his Russian political peers suddenly agitated after all 
this time,” reports Glenda Kwek, “is whether he let slip any state secrets 
and whether there is a proper procedure for dealing with aliens. Andrei 
Lebedev, a State Duma deputy, was apparently moved by ‘holy terror’ at 
Mr. Ilyumzhinov’s claims, and yesterday wrote to Russian President Dmitry 
Medvedev asking him to launch an investigation, the Times said. He was 
concerned  about  whether  Mr.  Ilyumzhinov’s  brush  with  the  spacemen 
affected his ruling of Kalmykia and whether they might have tried to get 
him to divulge state secrets to them.”35

PRESIDENT OBAMA
During a live interview with Chris Moyles on BBC Radio 1 in May 2012, 
actor Will Smith (of Men in Black fame) said that during a recent private 
tour of the White House with President Obama, Smith’s thirteen-year-old 
son Jayden (himself a Hollywood star) asked Obama for his view on aliens.
“The aliens, right?” responded Obama. “Okay. I can neither confirm 
nor deny the existence of extraterrestrials, but I can tell you that if there 
had been a top-secret meeting and if there would have had to have been a 
discussion about it, it would have taken place in this room.”36

The  room  referred  to  is  the  White  House  Situation  Room,  a  five-
thousand-square-foot  conference  room  and  intelligence  management 
center in the basement of the West Wing of the White House, created in 
1961 by President Kennedy. Run by the National Security Council staff 
for the use of the president and his advisers, the Situation Room serves to 
monitor and deal with crises at home and abroad and to conduct secure 
communications.37

Of more interest is an additional comment made by Will Smith on the 
radio show. “Listen, here’s the deal,” he claimed to Chris Moyles. “I have 
the top-secret information, I just can’t share it. You don’t think I’ve made 
all these movies and not been briefed by the White House?”38

In the seemingly unlikely event that a movie star can be briefed on the 
subject, it is axiomatic that President Obama would have been briefed to a 
far greater depth prior to, or following, his inauguration. Although indirectly 
related, according to investigative journalist and former National Security 
Agency employee Wayne Madsen, government files reveal CIA connections
 with President Obama’s biological father, Barack Obama Sr., and the 
president’s mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, who is said to have conducted 
espionage activities in 1960s post-coup Indonesia on behalf of a number of 
CIA front operations, including the East-West Center at the University of 
Hawaii, the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and 
the Ford Foundation. Furthermore, Obama’s stepfather, Lolo Soetoro, who 
met Dunham at the East-West Center, was “recalled to Indonesia in 1965 
to serve as a senior Army officer and assist General Suharto and the CIA 
in the bloody overthrow of President Sukarno.” Madsen further reveals that 
President Obama himself worked from 1983 to 1984 for Business International
 Corporation, “a CIA front that conducted seminars with the world’s 
most powerful leaders and used journalists as agents abroad. . . .”39

According to a poll of 1,114 adults conducted across the United States 
by the National Geographic Channel in May 2012, sixty-five percent of 
Americans believe President Obama would be more adept than his Republican
 rival Mitt Romney at dealing with an alien invasion, with women and 
younger Americans more likely than men and over-65s to agree with that 
prospect. Eleven percent of respondents were confident they had seen a 
UFO.40 National Geographic also claims that eighty million Americans-
that’s over one quarter-believe in UFOs.

PRIME MINISTER MEDVEDEV
On December 7, 2012, Russian Prime Minister (former President) Dmitry 
Medvedev gave a television interview to five reporters, following which he 
continued responding to the reporters, making some off-air comments-
supposedly without being aware that his microphone was still on. At one 
point he was asked if “the president is handed secret files on aliens when 
he receives the briefcase needed to activate Russia’s nuclear arsenal?”

Medvedev responded: “Along with the briefcase with nuclear codes, 
the president of the country is given a special ‘top secret’ folder. This 
folder in its entirety contains information about aliens who visited our 
planet. . . . Along with this, you are given a report of the absolutely 
secret special service that exercises control over aliens on the territory 
of our country. . . . More detailed information on this topic, you can 
get from a well-known movie called Men in Black. . . . I will not tell you 
how many of them are among us because it may cause panic.”

None of the television stations that interviewed Mr. Medvedev broadcast 
the  off-air  comments,  but  they  were  delivered  to  Reuters  as  a  “pool 
signal”  and  some  were  shown  on  YouTube.  Was  it  all  a  joke?  The 
London  Telegraph claimed that, in response to the question, Medvedev 
had “answered playfully.”41 In fact, his demeanour remained serious.

Russian television channels were passing the blame after the unofficial
footage was leaked, according to the Moscow Times.42 Readers can be 
forgiven for assuming that the prime minister was referring to the latest 
American Men in Black science-fiction film. A more accurate translation 
of what Medvedev actually said (to journalist Marianna Maksimovskaya, 
I learned from Nikolay Lebedev, a leading researcher) is: “You can receive 
more detailed information having watched the documentary film of the 
same name.” Among other aspects, this excellent Russian documentary, 
The Secret about Men in Black,  examines  testimony  that  extraterrestrial 
bases have been established on Earth, and that some are in restricted U.S. 
military areas with the full knowledge of the Pentagon.

THE ROCKEFELLER INITIATIVE
It is not widely known that Laurance S. Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist
 (1910–2004), took a serious interest in aviation and, in later life, 
the UFO/alien subject, funding a number of projects relating thereto. As 
Antonio Huneeus, the preeminent researcher, explains: “This has come 
to be known as the Rockefeller Initiative, since in some cases they went 
beyond  funding  and  included  an  actual  lobbying  effort  to  the  Clinton 
White House, undertaken by Rockefeller himself and his lawyer Henry 
Diamond, in the mid-1990s.”

Antonio and I were among those involved in one of these projects, 
resulting  in  Unidentified  Flying  Objects  Briefing  Document:  The  Best 
Available Evidence, a report authored by the distinguished American 
aviation journalist Don Berliner, a long-time student of the subject, 
and Antonio Huneeus.43 The project was co-ordinated by Marie Gal-
braith, wife of investment banker Evan Galbraith, who served as U.S. 
Ambassador to France during the Reagan administration. I never met 
Rockefeller, but I liaised with Madame Galbraith in London on the 
project. One thousand copies of the original edition were printed and 
distributed to selected VIPs in the U.S. and abroad, including President
 Clinton.

“Unfortunately,” Antonio points out, “the success and impact of the UFO 
Briefing Document was limited in real political terms. Most people and the 
press seemed far more interested in the fact that Rockefeller had sponsored 
it and was interested in UFOs than with the contents of the report and its 
political, military, and scientific implications. One significant exception 
was France. Because of Marie Galbraith’s extensive social and political 
connections from the time she had lived in Paris as the American ambassador
’s wife, many copies were distributed there, including President Jacques 
Chirac  and  CNES  [National  Center  for  Space  Studies].  The  Briefing 
Document eventually became the model for a similar report prepared by a 
number of former high-ranking French military and intelligence officers 
and scientists, who formed a study group called COMETA (Committee 
for In-Depth Studies) that led to the release of their own report, UFOs and 
Defense: What Should We Prepare For? ”

COMETA  stressed  its  concern  with  the  continuing  high  level  of 
secrecy surrounding the subject. “For the editors of the book,” explained 
the authors, “this secrecy is essentially military in origin: the nation that 
is first to produce the exceptional characteristics of UFOs will dominate 
the world. The secrecy was justified during the Cold War, but it is no 
longer justified now, given the scientific and technical breakthroughs 
useful to humanity that one can expect [to obtain] from the study of 
UFOs.”44  The  knowledgeable  French  authors,  however,  sidestepped 
mentioning  their  own  government’s  highly  classified  investigations 
into the subject.

In  February  1996,  Laurance  Rockefeller  sent  a  copy  of  the  Briefing 
Document to Dr. John H. Gibbons, Assistant to the President for Science
 and Technology. In his covering letter (see p. 408), released under 
the Freedom of Information Act-together with many other documents 
relating to the Rockefeller UFO Initiative-Rockefeller wrote:

“. . . The public interest in UFOs and extraterrestrial intelligence obviously
 remains very high as evidenced by the recent cover story in Time 
magazine [and] the many television programs including one this week. 
. . . I sponsored this report because it seemed useful to bring together 
the most credible evidence about UFO sightings. . . . While I do not 
necessarily agree with every finding and conclusion, I do believe that 
the evidence presented indicates that this subject merits serious scientific 
study. Toward that end, I hope that our government, other governments, 
and the United Nations will cooperate in making any information they 
may have available. . . .”45

Rockefeller’s  comment  about  the  subject  meriting  serious  scientific 
study seems to indicate his unawareness of the fact that numerous scientists
 worldwide have been studying and dealing with the subject since the 
1940s. In the U.S., very high security clearances are required for those 
involved in the Special Access Programs (SAPs) relating to the matter. 
As science journalist Terry Hansen points out in his masterly book, The 
Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up, “the findings 
of private science are not available to those who don’t have the necessary 
security clearances [and] the Pentagon has an incentive to ensure that the 
knowledge acquired by private science is not independently discovered 
by public science.”46 In China, numerous scientists are likewise involved. 
However, academic freedom is claimed to prevail. In 1985, for instance, 
at a scientific conference on UFOs held in Darlian, some forty papers 
were presented.47 And by 1992, the China UFO Research Association, 
affiliated with the China Association for Science and Technology, had 
4,600 full members as well as 40,000 research associates, mostly scientists 
and engineers.48

RELIGIOUS RAMIFICATIONS
In A.D. After Disclosure, Richard Dolan and Bryce Zabel explore the possible
 ramifications arising from hypothesized official disclosure of the alien 
situation. They cover a lot of ground-including the religious aspects. In 
this respect, the Vatican seems more open-minded than most, some of 
its astronomers publicly expressing their opinion that life is widespread 
throughout the cosmos. Citing Paola Harris,49 Dolan and Zabel report for 
example that the late Monsignor Corrado Balducci, a long-time friend of 
Pope John Paul II, stated his conviction in the reality of alien life on many 
occasions, and more than once attested to his belief that contact between 
humans and extraterrestrials was real.50

Dolan and Zabel also cite a 1994 survey by Victoria Alexander of clergy 
from Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish congregations. One of the questions
 asked was if any hypothetical official confirmation of the discovery 
of  an  advanced,  technologically  superior  extraterrestrial  civilization 
would have severe negative effects on the country’s moral, social, and 
religious foundations. “In sharp contrast to the ‘conventional wisdom’ 
that religion would collapse,” Victoria writes in her book Extraterrestrial 
Life and Religion, “ministers surveyed do not feel their faith and the 
faith of their congregation would be threatened.” A 2002 Roper Poll 
asked  a  similar  question,  and  received  a  similar  response.  “Not  only 
was the answer overwhelmingly ‘no,’ it actually rose with age,” Dolan 
and Zabel report.51

But  what  if  these  respondents  had  been  made  aware  of  the  negative 
aspects  of  the  alien  scenario  such  as  abductions,  as  opposed  to  a  naïve 
set of beliefs based perhaps on films such as E.T.-The Extraterrestrial ? 
Reaction to any official disclosure will surely be predicated on what we are 
told-which is unlikely to reflect the truth.

Earlier I cited the briefing of President Carter on the alien problem, 
attended  by  Harvey  Jack  McGeorge  II,  among  others.  “According  to 
McGeorge,” a friend of his reveals, “the two main reasons the government 
is withholding the truth about UFOs are the religious question, and the fact 
that we do not have control of the situation. ‘They’ are in charge. According 
to McGeorge, if the Bible said that God created the Heaven and Earth, 
then what the hell do the aliens believe in? The thing that the aliens fear 
the most is that Man would find out that we are not the creation of an 
omnipotent supreme being, but possibly the creation of these aliens themselves
-that we are a genetic experiment. And they also fear greatly that 
religion, as a controlling factor on behavior in the world-if the truth was 
known-that that controlling factor would immediately be destroyed and 
there might be anarchy. The second reason-that we are not in control-I 
think is pretty obvious.”52

But times are changing. In 2008, for example, Pope Benedict XVI let 
it be known that there is no conflict between believing in God and in the 
possibility of “extraterrestrial brothers” perhaps more evolved than humans. 
Journalist Nick Pisa reported that the papal ruling came from Father José 
Funes, a Jesuit then in charge of the Vatican’s Observatory and an expert 
on galaxies. In an interview with the Vatican’s official newspaper, Funes 
stated (in part) as follows:

“Astronomers believe that the universe is formed of hundreds of millions 
of galaxies and in these are hundreds of millions of stars. Many of these or 
all of them could contain planets. So how can we exclude that developed life 
cannot be elsewhere? It’s possible to believe in God and extra-terrestrials 
without bringing into question our own faith. . . .”53

PAPAL CONNECTIONS
On May 31, 1963, George Adamski had a private audience at the Vatican 
with the ailing Pope John XXIII, to deliver an important package he said 
had been given him by one of his alien contacts (probably Orthon). Prior 
to entering the Vatican, he was accompanied by Lou Zinsstag and May 
Morlet, his Swiss and Belgian representatives respectively. “I expected him 
to be admitted through the well-known gate where the Swiss Guards were 
posted,” Lou reported. “Yet, without any hesitation, he walked to the left 
of the Dome where I now noticed a high wooden entrance gate behind the 
open doorway, with a small built-in door. The door was partly opened and 
a man was standing inside it, gesturing discreetly to George. On his chest 
I noticed some kind of material in white, green, and red. . . . May and I 
returned an hour later.

“There  was  George  already,  grinning  like  a  monkey  [with]  his  eyes 
shining like black topazes. ‘We have done it,’ he said. ‘I was received by the 
Pope. He gave me his blessing and I gave him the message.’ When later in 
the day we lunched with George, he told us that the Pope was not lying 
in the room above St. Peter’s Square, as the people had been told, but that 
his bedroom faced the most beautiful part of the Vatican garden. And he 
added confidentially, ‘If you ask me, the Pope is hardly a dying man. . . . 
They haven’t yet tried to operate on him, but I’m sure that’s what they will 
do soon.’ George added that the Pope even had rosy cheeks, and had said 
that he did not feel so bad.

“George had been helped on with a kind of cassock over his suit before 
he entered the bedroom. The Pope gave him a nice smile and said: ‘I have 
been expecting you.’ When George handed him the sealed package from 
Copenhagen, he said-also in English: ‘My son, this is what I have been 
waiting for.’ He then spoke to his visitor in a very low and soft voice for a 
few minutes. Adamski had to bend his head down close to the Pope’s, whose 
last words were: ‘My son, don’t worry, we will make it.’ After receiving the 
Papal blessing, Adamski was ushered out.”

Although only in the preliminary stages of cancer, the Pope died two 
days later.

There is ample evidence that this meeting did take place, such as the 
gold medallion given to Adamski during the audience, with the Pope’s head 
in profile thereon, dated May 31, 1963. Following the meeting, Adamski 
showed the medallion to Lou and May, and it was ascertained from banks 
in Rome that the ecumenical coin had not been available officially until 
two weeks later. Also of relevance was the small plastic wallet in which the 
coin was wrapped. “It bore the most singular inscription I have ever seen, 
protected by a transparent cover,” said Lou. “The written characters were 
of a very unusual kind; certainly neither Roman nor Gothic, nor were they 
Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Arabic, or Hebrew.”54

According to Major Petersen, Adamski had had another audience with 
Pope John XXIII. In confidential talks with Petersen during his trip to 
Europe  in  1959,  Adamski  revealed  that  he  had  to  attend  an  important 
meeting at the Vatican. “Are you to meet with the Pope?” asked Petersen.
“I don’t know, but it is possible,” Adamski responded. “Orthon will also 
be there. He has been there three times before, twice during Pope Pius’s 
time [1939–1958] and once during Pope John’s.”55

WAS CHRIST OF ALIEN ORIGIN?
It will be recalled that in Chapter 7, Henry Dohan implies that Orthon 
was the reincarnated Christ. My views about religions, per se, are ambivalent
. While I am sure that profound truths have been passed down in the 
world’s scriptures, should we not, objectively, acknowledge the numerous 
contradictions, inconsistencies, and sometimes altered translations over 
the  centuries?  Exactly  how  much  is  factual?  For  example,  in  a  letter 
to a British newspaper, a reader aptly points out that: “We don’t have 
His  sermons  in  the  original  Aramaic,  so  must  rely  on  varying,  often 
conflicting, translations via the Koine Greek gospels. Indeed, the use 
of parables by Jesus was a deliberate unclarity that puzzled the disciples 
(Matthew 13:10–14). Alas, much schismatic blood has been spilled ever 
since, arguing over the precise meaning of His far from ‘clear and simple’ 
message. How does Peter [another reader] parse: ‘Think not that I am 
come to send peace on Earth; I came not to send peace, but a sword’ 
(Matthew 10:34)?”56

Nonetheless, if some of the Biblical references to Jesus are more than 
apocryphal,  such  as  the  following,  they  support  his  out-of-this  world 
provenance:

The visit to Mary by Gabriel, the “angel” (derived from aggelos, Greek 
for  messenger,  transliterated  as  angelos),  foretelling  the  “immaculate 
conception”; 57 An angel announcing the birth of the Christ, followed by 
the “heavenly host” of angels which afterwards departed “into heaven” 
(i.e., the sky); 58 The “star” reported by the wise men “which they had 
seen at its rising” and “went ahead of them until it stopped above the 
place where the child lay”; 59 Jesus’s comment to a group of Jews: “You 
belong to this world below, I to the world above. Your home is in this 
world,  mine  is  not”; 60  The  so-called  “resurrection”  witnessed  by  the 
apostles when “as they watched, he was lifted up, and a cloud removed 
him from their sight [and] as they were gazing intently into the sky, all 
at once there stood beside them two men in white who said . . . ‘This 
Jesus, who has been taken away from you up to heaven, will come in 
the same way as you have seen him go’”; 61 Paul’s experience on the road 
to Damascus “when suddenly about midday a great light flashed from 
the sky all around me, and I fell to the ground” and Jesus spoke to him. 
Though unable to hear Jesus’s voice, Paul’s terrified fellow travelers also 
saw  the  brilliant  light,  which  left  Paul  temporarily  blinded.62  Other 
possible alien factors to be taken into consideration in this context are 
Jesus’s evidently telepathic ability, in addition to his healing and mastery 
of teleportation.

In one of his two books on Christ, theologian Holger Kersten adduces 
compelling evidence that Jesus lived in India following his “resuscitation” 
(as the original Aramaic word implies), dying there in old age and buried 
in Srinagar, the capital of Jammu and Kashmir. His tomb still exists in 
Kashmir, and he is said to be revered there to this day.63 For die-hard Christians
 who dismiss the possibility, they should ponder on the fact that the 
New Testament has only one sentence (in Luke) about Jesus’s years from 
the age of thirteen to thirty.

Suppose Jesus had later reincarnated and returned again to Earth “in 
the same way as you have seen him go”: I doubt that such a revelation 
would be welcomed, or even believed, by the Christian hierarchy. However
, assuming any truth to Henry Dohan’s implication, I am minded 
to wonder about the claimed connection between Orthon and the two 
Popes cited earlier.

OPEN CONTACT?
John L. Petersen served as a flight officer in the U.S. Navy and Navy Reserve 
and is a decorated veteran of both the Vietnam and Persian Gulf wars. His 
government and political experience includes stints at the National War 
College, the Institute for National Security Studies, the Office of the Secretary
 of Defense, and the National Security Council staff at the White 
House. Currently he heads the Arlington Institute, a think tank based 
in Arlington, Virginia. We have met on a number of occasions over the 
years in Washington. In The Road to 2015: Profiles of the Future, one of 
three of his books he has given me, he invokes a possible scenario when 
open contact is made with extraterrestrials:

“For  many  in  the  majority  segment  of  people  in  industrial  societies 
who  believe  that  UFOs  are  real,  this  event,  though  disquieting,  was 
seen as opening up the window to a whole new world and reality full of 
immense questions-but not all necessarily negative. There was wonder 
and questioning in the context of a desire to solidify relationships and learn 
more from these strange ‘people.’

“At the same time, pockets of people (and some governments) reacted 
as though acutely threatened. The assumption was that these beings were 
coming to take over, or unduly influence, the world and that the appropriate 
response was to quickly build up corporate and individual defenses. . . .

“All societies with access to television are transfixed by this event. Never-
before-seen levels of global excitement and anxiety are experienced. The 
implications of this event cause an ultimate change in most every aspect 
of life on Earth.

“One of the hardest-hit groups are conservative religious organizations, 
for whom this event does not fit into their relatively narrow explanation of 
reality. This, perhaps the biggest event in history, causes religious leaders 
to scramble to explain (and in some cases, modify) theology to fit this new 
situation.

“Although some groups see the benefit of the new visitors in terms of 
new technology that can be made into weapons, many others see it as a 
hope for solving some of the very serious, intractable problems the world is 
confronted with at that time. Energy production is of particular interest.”64
All of which may be true. But is open contact a viable scenario? We have 
learned that many types of aliens populate the cosmos-including Earth. A 
number of these races, such as those involved in the hybridization programs, 
definitely do not have our best interests at heart. And those who are “on 
our side” in such matters evince an understandable reluctance to engage 
with us en masse. We remain a relatively primitive bunch. As Daniel Fry, 
a pioneer rocket technician whose first encounter took place in 1949, was 
informed by his alien contact:

“If we were to appear as members of a superior race, coming from above 
to lead the people of your world, we would seriously disrupt the ego balance 
of your civilization. Tens of millions of your people, in their desperate need 
to avoid being demoted to second place in the universe, would go to any 
conceivable length to disprove or deny our existence.

“If  we  took  steps  to  force  the  realization  of  our  reality  upon  their 
consciousness, then about thirty percent of these people would insist upon 
considering us as gods, and would attempt to place upon us all responsibility 
for their own welfare. Of the remaining seventy percent, most would consider
 that we were potential tyrants who were planning to enslave their 
world, and many would immediately begin to seek means to destroy us.

“If any great and lasting good is to come from our efforts, the actual 
leaders must be your own people, or it must come from men who are indistinguishable
 from them.”65

NON-DISCLOSURE
In  November  2011,  two  petitions  with  over  seventeen  thousand  signatories
  were  sent  to  the  White  House,  one  demanding  immediate 
disclosure of “the government’s knowledge of and communications with 
extraterrestrial beings.” Earlier that month, two petitions with similar 
aims were able together to garner the required number of signatures to 
gain a response.

“The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our 
planet, or that an extraterrestrial presence has contacted or engaged any 
member of the human race,” responded Phil Larson from the White House 
Office of Science & Technology Policy. “In addition, there is no credible 
information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public’s 
eye.” While conceding the possibility of aliens and a variety of NASA 
projects aimed at searching for them, Larson stressed there was “no credible
 evidence of extraterrestrial presence here on Earth.”

“Although it’s an official White House statement, the nothing-to-see-
here  response  is  not  likely  to  satisfy  public  interest,”  reports  journalist 
Conan  Milner.  “Despite  similar  statements,  one  petition  cited  opinion 
polls indicating that more than fifty percent of Americans believe there 
is an extraterrestrial presence, and more than eighty percent believe the 
government is not telling the truth about this phenomenon.”66

Nikola Duper’s unnamed participant in the Amicizia saga makes some 
apposite  comments  regarding  disclosure.  “The  Friends  never  predicted 
anything  about  ‘disclosure  day.’  I  never  heard  them  speak  about  2012, 
[which] so many people mention.” He added:

“At the end of the 1940s, the Friends offered their collaboration to the 
head of the U.S. administration. In exchange, they asked that the nuclear 
weaponry program be given up. But their offer and request were rejected, 
and other extraterrestrial populations have been collaborating with the USA 
and other Powers. The results of this have been highly negative. . . . One of 
the reasons-there are others-which delay disclosure is the fact that the 
USA administration should assume responsibility before the whole planet 
for having refused a vital collaboration and for having activated another 
highly negative one, exclusively for the sake of power and domination, lying 
to citizens and covering up for decades.

“Following  the  American  politico-military  refusal,  the  Friends 
undertook the strategy consisting of confidential contacts with small 
groups of terrestrials, trying to emphasize the quality of human personal 
relationships. . . .”67

THE ROYAL SOCIETY AND ET
In 2011, the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society-the world’s oldest 
scientific journal-devoted its edition of January 10 to speculation on alien 
life in the cosmos. American psychology professor Dr. Albert Harrison, for 
example, suggested that the discovery of extraterrestrial intelligence “may 
be far less startling for generations that have been brought up with word 
processors, electronic calculators, avatars, and cell phones, as compared 
with earlier generations used to typewriters, slide rules, pay phones, and rag 
dolls.” Surveys suggested, he added, that half the population of America 
and Europe believes aliens exist, and that a “substantial proportion” was 
convinced alien spacecraft had already visited Earth.

Dr. Harrison also claimed that the discovery of alien life-should 
it happen any time soon-would be more likely to inspire delight than 
incite pandemonium here on Earth, he told SPACE.com. He added 
that,  even  if  an  alien  civilization  had  become  greedy  and  imperialistic
, there’s no guarantee it would be able to run roughshod over its 
neighbors.

“It’s possible to have very acquisitive civilizations out there,” Harrison 
conceded. “Maybe they get to a certain point, but they may collapse 
or be beaten back.” He added a comment with which I concur: “No 
one  civilization  is  necessarily  going  to  take  over,  because  there  will 
be coalitions of other civilizations that will keep them in check.”68 At 
least, we hope so.
As for Dr. Harrison’s claim that the discovery of aliens would be unlikely 
to incite pandemonium, in the spring of 2010 a headline on the front page 
of Al-Ghad, a local newspaper in Jordan, stated that flying saucers flown 
by creatures ten feet tall had landed in the desert town of Jafr. Amid panic, 
the mayor, Mohammed Mleihan, put the security authorities on full alert. 
They searched the area, but found nothing. “I almost considered evacuating 
the town’s thirteen thousand residents,” said Mleihan. “Students didn’t go 
to school. People were scared the aliens would attack them.”

It turned out to have been an April Fool’s Day hoax.69 Panic, however, 
has featured relatively rarely in actual public landings. Those reported in 
the U.K. and Australia in 1955 and 1966, respectively, for example (Chapter 
5), engendered astonishment and wonder-but little panic. Predicated on 
cultural differences, perhaps?

“When that truth of alien intervention in our planet’s affairs and our 
ongoing contact with an alien culture is finally revealed,” states Col. Philip 
Corso, “it won’t be frightening, even though it will be a shock.”70

THE PROBLEM
Gary S. Bekkum describes himself as an independent “occasional rogue 
journalist,”  whose  international  network  of  contacts  includes  past  and 
present intelligence officials interested, for example, in the application of 
exotic phenomena ranging from antigravity to mind-to-mind communication
. Bekkum shares my conviction that, if the alien presence is real, the 
odds are against government disclosure-or at least, full disclosure. As he 
claimed in 2009:

“Among members of the Intelligence Community, the tale of the alien 
presence is known as the ‘core story’ of contact between the aliens and 
the government. The strong rumor is there is a ‘disturbing’ aspect to this 
‘core story,’ something so dire that it leaves battle-hardened military types 
shaking in their boots. . . . According to one of the intelligence officials 
who pursue the UFO topic (and many are at the highest levels of the government
), the ‘core story’ may fall outside of the president of the United 
States’ ‘need to know.’ . . .

“Dr. Edgar Mitchell, the Apollo astronaut who was the sixth man 
to walk on the Moon [Apollo 14], remains an outspoken supporter of 
the ‘core story’ explanation for government secrecy. Mitchell spoke of 
his contact with a ranking admiral with the Joint Chiefs who agreed to 
investigate the ‘core story’ of alien contact and report back. Some reporters 
were miffed when Mitchell refused to disclose the name of the admiral, 
but  Mitchell  did  provide  to  me  confirmation  that  another  report  was 
‘essentially correct.’

“Mitchell requested my help in clarifying why his testimony appeared 
to be contradicted by the admiral, who had been identified by the Herald 
Tribune as Rear Admiral Thomas R. Wilson. Quoting an article taken 
from  the  prestigious  Jane’s  Defence  Weekly,  Mitchell  implied  that  the 
admiral had discovered that the ‘core story’ was protected by a Special 
Access Program [SAP].”71

An  SAP  is  “a  program  imposing  ‘need-to-know’  or  access  controls 
beyond those normally provided for access to Confidential, Secret, or Top 
Secret information.”72 Jane’s further defines an SAP as one which must 
remain unacknowledged when it is “considered so sensitive that the fact 
of its existence is a ‘core secret.’ . . .” Bekkum speculates on the disturbing 
possibility of “the existence of government doomsday survival plans in the 
event of massive extraterrestrial manipulation of the world’s population.”73
Anthony L. Kimery, a respected American journalist who has covered 
global  security,  intelligence,  and  defense  issues,  revealed  in  1989  that, 
according to an Army source who worked with the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
(JCS) at the Pentagon’s National Military Command Center (NMCC) 
in the 1970s, a highly secret, centralized command structure dealing with 
UFOs has been in operation since the mid to late 1970s, and (in 1989) 
continued to handle the UFO problem from the ranks of the NMCC. 
Kimery believes that “military and political leaders have . . . considered the 
UFO reality serious enough to warrant a consolidated oversight mechanism 
and planning force, on a par with management for global conflict. . . .”74

That  NMCC  is  (or  was)  the  “nerve  center”  dealing  with  the  UFO 
problem has been confirmed for me by another knowledgeable source.

ANCIENT RACES
It seems to me that at least some groups of aliens have always been here. 
In Chapter 13, I allude to reports of possible extraterrestrials described in 
the Rigveda, an ancient Indian sacred collection of Vedic Sanskrit hymns. 
One of the oldest known texts in any Indo-European language, evidence 
indicates that it was composed between approximately 1700 and 1100 b.c.
In the early 1900s, Professor Edgar L. Larkin, Director of Mt. Lowe 
Observatory in Southern California, observed on several occasions through 
a powerful telescope some odd structures in the environs of Mt. Shasta. 
These included two domes rising above the treetops near Shasta and part 
of a third one. “Moving the telescope once again,” writes Wishar S. Cervé, 
“he found visible between the trees a corner of another structure seemingly 
made of marble. Knowing that there were no such structures in Northern 
California, and especially in land around Shasta, he left his telescope fixed 
to see what these things would look like in the setting sun and in darkness. 
He was surprised to find later in the night that around this dome were great 
lights, apparently white, which partially illuminated and made them visible 
even though there was no moon to cast any light at the time.”

Others  reported  encounters  with  extraordinary  beings,  said  to  be 
descendants from the fabled continent of Lemuria, residing in Mt. Shasta. 
In the early 1900s, for example, strange tall humans were seen emerging 
from forests in the vicinity and visiting local stores in Weed to trade gold 
nuggets in exchange for basic commodities. Described as graceful and 
agile, with distinctive features such as large foreheads and long curly hair 
and dressed in unusual clothes, they were said to have spoken English 
“in a perfect manner with perhaps a tinge of the British accent, and have 
been  reluctant  to  answer  any  questions  or  give  any  information  about 
themselves.”  Any  intruders  approaching  them  in  the  vicinity  of  their 
hidden residence would invariably be physically removed, or they might 
encounter some invisible influence, causing temporary paralysis. Also of 
particular relevance here, cars approaching the area stalled mysteriously 
and sightings were often made of unusual “flying boats,” one of which was 
described by a group of witnesses as “a peculiar, silver-like vessel [which] 
was unlike any airship that has ever been seen and there was absolutely 
no noise emanating from it.”

Wishar Cervé also reports knowledge of records pertaining to another 
group of descendants from Lemuria, found living in the center of an extinct 
volcano in Mexico, “hidden from all possible worldly observation.”75,76
In an interview for Fate magazine in 2007, a witness, Jason, revealed that 
on a certain date he had encountered an extraordinary man on the lower 
slopes of Mt. Shasta. “I knew instantly what he was,” he told the reporter. 
“I’ve lived around here all my life and I’ve heard the stories.” The stranger 
had “flowing white hair and piercing blue eyes. He was wearing white 
robes and no shoes. I was scared. . . . It wasn’t that he was doing anything 
threatening, but his appearance there on the side of the mountain was just 
so unexpected.

“I jumped up from where I had been lying on the ground, and when I did 
he looked surprised. It wasn’t until I was standing that I realized how tall he 
was. He had to have been at least eight feet . . . he wasn’t acting aggressively
, but I was unreasonably scared, for some reason. . . . Then he told me 
not to be afraid. But it was too late for that. I guess he must have realized 
I was about to lose it, because just like that, he faded and disappeared.”77

In the early 1960s Lucius (Lou) Farish, a first-class researcher-who 
sadly died in January 2012, and until several years ago organized the annual 
Ozarks UFO Conference held in Eureka Springs, Arkansas-learned an 
apocryphal but relevant story from an author who claimed to have met a 
truly remarkable person in the 1930s.

“He was about eighty then, an old sailing boat skipper who had participated
 in the great grain races around the Horn, who called himself only 
‘Harmonious,’” wrote the author. “We used to sit around on the beach and 
listen while he told us, quietly and without affectation, of his meetings 
with his ‘astral’ friends high atop Mt. Shasta (many years later, the first 
UFOs were sighted near that spot) and of his many trips throughout this 
system and others.

“He was bearded, never seemed to change from one year to the next; a 
vegetarian, and a gentle soul. His description used for the vehicle of flight 
very closely resembled certain other descriptions now in common usage-
all this long before the huge UFO scare. Harmonious was last seen in the 
late 1950s-and looking exactly as he had thirty years before. . . . He never 
attempted to capitalize on his experiences.”

Intrigued, Lou wrote back asking for more details. “When he talked of 
beings on other planets, he was often facetious,” the author continued in his 
reply. “However, he was deeply serious whenever he spoke of the ‘Old Ones.’

“Insofar as the Old Ones were concerned, his particular friend used a 
vehicle that, apparently, was a low-slung gondola, without wheels or any 
visible means of support or propulsion, for that matter. He’d often pick 
up a clam-shell or half-shell, that is, and say the vehicle looked almost 
like that. A low couch, nothing else. No top, or sides, or windshields. 
When it moved, the atmosphere surrounding the vehicle darkened and 
became  opaque-nothing  was  visible.  Also,  no  feeling  of  motion,  or 
gravity. Apparently, his friend (an Old One) utilized applied levitation 
as a propulsive force. This vehicle was used only to pick him up and take 
him to the domain of the Old Ones. This was far beneath the earth. 
Usually he entered via a cavern on Mt. Shasta. There are other entrances: 
Antarctica, the Andes-in fact, look at the so-called ‘circle of fire’ on a 
good geological map and the great faulted areas surrounding the Pacific, 
and you’ll approximate the many areas he mentioned as portals to the 
old people’s world.

“These Old Ones dated back several hundred million years (and yet, 
taking planet Earth as a criterion, there’s been more than enough time for 
fifty such races to have arisen, achieved godlike eminence, decayed, and 
fallen into silence). Often, in his joking manner, Harmonious spoke of the 
many planets that are around our sun and are still undiscovered. He was 
quite casual about the surface features of the planets, probably because he 
never spent much time there-he was always in them, not on them. I get 
the impression that there may be others, not of the Old People, utilizing 
these planets; apparently, these others are of little interest to Harmonious 
(and, by extension, to his friends the Old Ones; they are even something 
of a joke to him-and again, to the Old Ones).

“All the Old Ones are of one race, both here and on the other planets. 
They carry on intercourse with one another here on Earth, the planets, and 
their various natural satellites (all of which are inhabited underground). 
They have a great many artificial satellites around the gravitational nodes 
of all these bodies, which are used, I assume, solely for docking facilities 
for their interplanetary craft. (All this was told us by Harmonious long 
before  World  War  II-and  certainly  long  before  the  first  UFO  outcry 
following the Mt. Rainier sightings.) The Old Ones were naked or wore 
simple loincloths. (We found this amusing.)
“To  extrapolate  from  Harmonious’s  stories  of  the  old  people:  deep 
within  the  core  of  any  planet,  the  temperature  would  be  controllable 
given  an  inexhaustible  source  of  power  (and  knowledge),  and  such 
power is inherent in the very force that created this planet. Incidentally, 
Harmonious anticipated Velikovsky by some years, when he told us of a 
disaster of unparalleled magnitude that struck the Earth several hundred 
millions of years ago, and which he saw reproduced by a recording device 
similar to a moving picture projector, but unlike it in action: a planetoid 
approached Earth and caused the complete destruction of the existing 
atmosphere. . . . The only life to survive was that in the depths of the 
seas and deep underground.

“If this sort of accident occurs in nature as a matter of course, one could 
well understand why an ancient and immensely intelligent race would choose 
to modify their environment and live far underground on all the planets, 
manufacturing all their necessities. . . . So, according to Harmonious, all the 
planets are inhabited by a long-lived scientifically advanced race, all living 
deep beneath the surface (at least well down in the crust-here it would be 
about thirty-five miles down), all humanoid in appearance, and undoubtedly
 masters of the solar system. There may be others living on the surfaces; 
undoubtedly,  a  younger,  inferior  race  (perhaps  remnants  of  other  earlier 
surface races), but far younger than the Old Ones. On this planet, we are 
the surface dwellers; we have a long way to go yet-and when we get there, 
the Old Ones will have been there first, and long since moved on.

“Considering  the  foregoing  information,”  concludes  Lou  Farish, 
“perhaps we should reconsider all the various writings on underground 
civilizations inhabited by advanced cultures (or extraterrestrials), as well 
as books such as the late M. K. Jessup’s The Case for the UFO.78 Jessup’s 
comments on the use of ‘gravitational nodes’ by alien spacecraft echo the 
remarks of Harmonious. If it is accepted that there is someone ‘out there’ 
who is visiting the Earth, should we then consider that there may also be 
someone ‘down there’?”79

I have always been fascinated by the Comte de St. Germain (his most 
frequently used pseudonym-another of which was the “Count de Well-
done”!). Described by Voltaire in his Oevres as “a man who never dies, and 
who knows everything” and capable of astonishing feats, as witnessed for 
example  by  Count  Alessandro  Cagliostro  (the  occultist  Giuseppe  Bal-
samo), St. Germain seems to have lived for an indeterminate period. Held 
by many to be a charlatan, he nonetheless liaised with, and was respected 
by, many government ministers and royal families in Europe, such as the 
court of Louis XIV. He was also an accomplished violinist and composer. 
In connection with Harmonious, it is perhaps apposite to note that Dr. 
Anton Mesmer, also an occultist and fine musician (numbering Mozart 
and Haydn among his friends), founded the “Harmonious Society,” a secret 
group of savants based in Vienna and later Paris, and received a great deal 
of help from St. Germain.80

It  seems  likely  to  me  that  St.  Germain  and  others  of  his  kind  were 
associated with the “ancient races.”

I have endeavored in this book to stress the wide diversity of alien beings 
populating the cosmos, and the diversity of their motives regarding the 
planet we inhabit.

We treasure the illusion that we alone are indigenous to Earth, and will 
remain so. But, as one of Leo Dworshak’s alien friends reaffirmed as far 
back as 1936, “this planet was their concern, that Man has his own mind, 
and that he must learn to take care of his planet if he wants to keep his 
home. [He] assured me our planet would continue to exist. But I was not 
assured that Man would continue to exist on it, if he did not learn to take 
better care of his most valuable possession.”

And as “Thomas” and his military team (Chapter 10) were warned: 
“Our  own  activities  required  monitoring  by  other  than  human  beings, 
simply because Earth is a vital and necessary planet for others. We could 
not be permitted to despoil it even though despoliation had begun and we 
were doubted as to our integrity and genuine concern for the planet and its 
myriad life forms.” The aliens reiterated that the overpopulation of Earth, 
combined with pollution, would lead to catastrophic consequences during 
the twenty-first century.

As the Amicizia group informant explained to Nikola Duper in 2009: 
“The Friends are our elder brothers. They are human. Indeed, in comparison 
it’s we terrestrials who are less than human. Individuals from various other 
populations are among us, because the Earth is a very particular planet 
inside the economy of this part of the Universe. . . .”

There is said to be an ongoing conflict between various species regarding 
the future of our planet. “Other populations in the Universe have chosen 
Evil,” the informant points out. “This dualism between Good and Evil is 
fundamental in order to understand both the still-ongoing Struggle and 
why it is so hard for truth to be disclosed to the inhabitants of our planet. 
. . . Other populations are here for other reasons, and the abduction by 
extraterrestrials of terrestrials, as well as the creation of hybrids, is a reality 
that the Friends told us about as far back as the 1960s. . . .81

“The enemies are trying to conquer our planet in a very gradual and 
seemingly  painless  way,  most  of  all  working  over  our  minds.  Unfortunately
, this is not science fiction. If only it were so! [And] this is not paranoia. 
. . . However, just hinting at these subjects leads to the discrediting of the 
person who says or writes them; and this is a powerful weapon in the hands 
of those who want to harm us.”

As to what the future will bring, I do not pretend to know. But I have 
been assured-by those who do know-that the alien situation presents 
the most profound dilemma facing humankind on Earth. . . .


=======================================================================
PHOTO GALLERY


A letter from Laurance S. Rockefeller (1910-2004) to President Clinton’s 
Assistant for Science and Technology, referencing a report prepared by 
leading researchers on the UFO subject.


“Don’t worry General . . . I don’t see them either.” 
www.americanscientist.org 2009 March–April

A cartoon found in the OSTP package of documents. It was taken from the 
January 21, 1994 Albuquerque Tribune, and included in a collection of 

articles dealing with the Congressman Schiff Roswell investigation.
top: Leo Dworshak (left) and his younger brother Mike, whose contacts with an extra-terrestrial 
group, beginning in 1932 near their family farm in Killdeer, North Dakota, spanned many years. 
The  men  are  shown  here  in  their  Navy  and  Army  uniforms  at  the  outbreak  of  World  War  II. 
bottom: Pierre Monnet, who encountered four alien human beings and their craft near Orange, 
France,  in  July  1951,  and  was  arguably  the  first  witness  to  claim  what  later  became  known  as 
“missing time.” He is shown here at his home in Sorgues, near Orange, during an interview with the 
author in July 1978. (Timothy Good)


opposite and this page: Examples from a series of seven photographs taken by Italian engineer 
Giampiero Monguzzi, in the presence of his wife, during a climbing trip on the Cherchen glacier, to 
the south of St. Moritz, on July 31,1952. The couple were partially paralyzed during the encounter, 
but Monguzzi managed to take some clear pictures as they lay close to the ground. The two photos 
opposite (enlarged by the author) depict the astronaut walking around the craft, as if inspecting 
it. The final photo above is one of two photos showing the craft taking off. (Giampiero Monguzzi)


top: One of George Adamski’s iconic photographs of alien craft. Taken through his 6-inch telescope 
on December 13, 1952, at Palomar Gardens, California, the craft is an estimated 27–30 feet in diameter
. Adamski ensured that all his photographs were copyrighted on the back, as may be seen in the 
example (bottom). Professor Stefano Breccia provided the author with much information pertaining 
to the construction and propulsion of these and other similar craft. (George Adamski Foundation)


top: President Eisenhower at the press conference in Washington, D.C. on February 9, 1955, 
announcing his trip the next day to Georgia for a few days’ “quail hunting.” On February 11, it was 
reported that the president had come down with a cold. He was not seen again for 36 hours, having 
secretly been flown in Air Force One to Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. (The Dwight D. 
Eisenhower Presidential Library and Museum) bottom: An artist’s conception of Air Force One and 
the disc which landed at Holloman Air Force Base prior to Eisenhower’s arranged meeting with 
aliens. (Leonard Griffie)



top: Eisenhower’s Air Force One, Columbine III, a Lockheed VC-121E Super Constellation, used 
in the flights to and from Holloman Air Force Base. (U.S. Air Force) bottom: MSgt. Leo Borega, 
who served as a guard to three presidents, confirmed that Eisenhower flew in Columbine III to 
Holloman AFB. (U.S. Air Force)



top: A reconstruction showing the second of two discs that landed in Bexleyheath-a suburb of 
London-in July 1955. This craft was witnessed on July 17 by Margaret Fry, her doctor, one of her 
sons, and many others. (Timothy White) bottom left: Margaret Fry, at home in Bexleyheath many 
years after the incident. (Timothy Good) bottom right: George Adamski, one of the first to claim 
regular contact with aliens. He liaised with high-ranking officials in this connection, possessing a 
passport bearing special privileges and a U.S. Government Ordnance Card which gave him access 
to numerous military bases.



top: Josef Wanderka, a former member of an anti-fascist sabotage group, who in 1955 claimed to have 
driven his motorcycle up a ramp into a flying saucer in the Vienna Woods! This photo was taken in 
1954/5. bottom: A sketch by Wanderka depicting his daring entry into the craft.



top: A photograph taken at the Ristorante La Cisterna, Rome, on June 14, 1959. From left to right: 
Dr. Alberto Perego, a distinguished diplomat who wrote the first books in Italy on the alien subject 
and became an early affiliate of the Amicizia/W56 group; the Mayor of Florence; Louise Zinsstag; 
and George Adamski, who had his first meeting with Pope John XXIII during this period. bottom 
left and right: The gold medallion given by the ailing Pope John XXIII to Adamski, during 
his second private meeting at the Vatican, on May 31, 1963. The coin bore that date, and was not 
available officially until two weeks later.



top: One of a number of photographs taken by Gaspare De Lama, a well-known Italian artist, 
associated with the Amicizia group from 1960 to 1965. This photo was taken in Milan. (Gaspare De 
Lama) bottom: Paolo Di Girolamo, the well-known Italian cartoonist, who was also involved in 
the Amicizia saga. He is shown here in his studio in Rome in 2010. (Timothy Good)



top: Professor Stefano Breccia (1945–2012), an expert in artificial intelligence and computer sciences
 who lectured at the Soviet Academy of Sciences and a number of universities. One of the many 
hand-picked people involved for decades with the Amicizia enterprise, he regularly liaised with aliens 
who had infiltrated Earth. He is shown here at his home in Chieti, Italy, during one of the author’s 
visits in 2010. (Anne Martin) bottom: Stefano Breccia, at the time of his early meetings with aliens 
in the Pescara area of Italy.



both images: Two of a series of 20 photographs taken in the late 1960s by Stefano Breccia of 
low-flying craft, near Montesilvano, north of Pescara. The craft shown nearest to the ground was 
approximately 12 feet in diameter. The other photo is interesting for its emanation of light (plasma?) 
surrounding the left side. Two other craft seem to appear in the distance. (Stefano Breccia)



top: A bizarre flying craft photographed by science journalist Bruno Ghibaudi on the shores of the 
Adriatic coast at Pescara, on April 27, 1961. A few months later, Ghibaudi began a lengthy series 
of meetings with several aliens from the Amicizia group. (Bruno Ghibaudi) bottom: A photograph 
submitted anonymously to the Italian magazine Domenica del Corriere on June 23, 1963. The craft 
allegedly landed in woodland on a hill in Genoa. “I saw it together with a garage worker not many 
days ago,” claimed the photographer. “For personal security reasons I cannot give my name.” The craft 
is similar to the one encountered by Antônio Villas Boas in Brazil in 1957. (Domenica del Corriere)



“Mr. Kenio,” one of several giant aliens associated with the Amicizia group. According to a study by 
Teresa Barbatelli, this man was 10 feet (3.07 meters) in height. The photograph was taken circa 1976 
in Montesilvano, Italy, by Professor Bruno Sammaciccia, a Catholic scholar who authored 160 books 
on religious matters and held degrees in psychology and psychiatry. The original photo/negative is 
held in a Swiss bank security vault. (Bruno Sammaciccia)



top: A bizarre “twin scout” craft, used by the Amicizia/W56 group and seen on many occasions in 
Italy’s Abruzzi region. This sketch is based on a sighting near Aveyron, France, on February 11, 1967. 
bottom: Professor Hermann Oberth, the great pioneer of space travel, who was given information 
on alien spacecraft propulsion, thanks initially to Carl Anderson, whose contacts asked him to pass 
the information in person to Oberth, Dr. Wernher von Braun, and other scientists. This photo was 
taken at Oberth’s home in Germany in 1974. (Timothy Good) 



A photograph sent to Canadian aviation authority Robert Bracken by a Royal Canadian Air Force 
officer. The experimental flying disc-which betrays no sign of a conventional powerplant-was a 
real aircraft developed and test-flown by De Havilland (Canada). Bracken was not given the name 
of the man beside the craft. (Courtesy of Robert Bracken)



top: On the night of May 20, 1957, Lt. 
Milton J. Torres, then serving as a U.S. Air 
Force fighter pilot at Royal Air Force Man-
ston, Kent, was scrambled in an F-86D 
Sabre jet (not the aircraft shown here) to 
intercept an unknown craft orbiting East 
Anglia. On establishing visual contact, 
he was ordered to prepare to fire a salvo 
of rockets at the gigantic UFO, which 
then disappeared at phenomenal speed. On 
landing, Torres was warned by a National 
Security Agency agent never to discuss the 
event with anyone-even his commander. 
right: Fred Steckling, who began flying 
airplanes at the age of sixteen. He later 
migrated to the United States and became 
one of George Adamski’s principal associates
, claiming a number of encounters with 
aliens in Washington, D.C. and elsewhere. 



top: Leonard Mantle, the gardener who claimed several meetings with an extraterrestrial human 
being in London in 1968/69. (Timothy Good) bottom: Pamela Handford, formerly with Britain’s 
Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), who participated in a NASA conference at Anacapri, Italy, in 
June 1984, during which she learned in person from Neil Armstrong that when he and Buzz Aldrin 
landed on the Moon in July 1969 they encountered large alien spacecraft, which they found “menacing
.” (Timothy Good)



top: Richard Höglund, a rock-blaster by profession, whose sinister encounters with aliens in Sweden 
and other countries-including the Bahamas-began in December 1965. bottom: Capt. Joseph W. 
Kittinger, Jr. (right), renowned for his record-breaking free-fall jump from a Project Excelsior balloon
 at 102,800 feet in 1960. Formerly attached to Holloman Air Force Base Missile Development 
Center in 1954–58 (during the period of Eisenhower’s classified visit), he also became associated 
with Dr. J. Allen Hynek (left), a consultant on UFOs to the U.S. Air Force and CIA, with whom 
he discussed the subject at length. (U.S. Air Force)



A sketch based on descriptions by numerous witnesses in central England who on December 9, 1987, 
observed two very large objects “20 or 30 times the size of a normal aircraft” displaying six red lights 
at the front, two red at the back, with a large bright white light at the side, emitting a constant hum 
and flying very slowly and low from Newark, over Nottingham to the Derbyshire border, then back 
east over the south of Nottingham. (Tony Rose/Nottingham Evening Post)



“We already have the means to travel among the stars. But these technologies are locked up in black 
projects and it would take an Act of God to ever get them out to benefit humanity. Anything you 
can imagine, we already know how to do. . . .” Ben R. Rich, who headed Lockheed Martin’s Skunk 
Works which developed stealth aircraft, during a presentation to the Engineering Alumni Association
 at the University of California in Los Angeles, of which Rich was an alumnus, on March 23, 
1993. (Denny Lombard)



A sketch by Jean Gabriel Greslé, a former French air force, U.S. Air Force, and Air France pilot, 
who together with six witnesses observed this enormous structured craft in Gretz-Armainvilliers, 
near Paris, on the evening of November 5, 1990. “It must have been at least a kilometer in length, 
and had triangular substructures,” he told the author. (Jean Gabriel Greslé)



An enlarged and light-enhanced Polaroid photograph taken on January 12, 1988, one of a remarkable
 series taken by Ed Walters and witnessed by others over a considerable period at Gulf Breeze, 
Florida. The craft appeared to be about 15 feet in diameter. Light emission underneath is possibly 
plasma-related. (Ed Walters)



An artist’s impression, based on descriptions by 22 witnesses, of a gigantic craft which was observed 
in three main areas along the 134-mile stretch of the Klondike Highway in Canada’s Yukon Territory 
on the evening of December 11, 1996. Estimates of the craft’s actual size-determined by triangula-
tion-ranged from 0.55 miles to 1.3 miles in width. (MUFON UFO Journal)



Laurance S. Rockefeller (1910–2004), who sponsored a briefing document, Unidentified Flying 
Objects: The Best Available Evidence, with contributions from leading researchers. “The public interest 
in UFOs and extraterrestrial intelligence obviously remains high as evidenced by the recent cover 
story in Time magazine,” wrote Rockefeller in February 1996 to President Clinton’s Assistant for 
Science and Technology. “I do believe that the evidence presented indicates that this subject merits 
serious scientific study.”

A sketch by Edward Bradley of the craft that passed over a suburb of Birmingham, U.K., at 20:30 on 
March 28, 2002. “It was a huge craft and very, very low indeed,” he told the author. “Lengthwise I 
would have to say it would have fit comfortably into a reasonably-sized football ground. It was very 
close to the tops of the houses in the street. . . . There wasn’t a soul about in the street at all, and no 
one to speak to or say, ‘Did you see that?’” (Edward Bradley)



Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, former president of the southwestern Russian region of Kalmykia and current
 president of the World Chess Federation (as of April 2013), who claims to have been taken 
on board an alien spacecraft during a business trip to Moscow in September 1997. “They are 
people like us,” he told a journalist. “I talked with them. I understood that we are not alone-we 
are not unique.”



This painting depicts a huge craft-estimated at some 300 feet in length and width-encountered 
by a musician in the small hours of October 2, 2004, driving on a rural road in Bristol, Tennessee. 
As the object passed over him at about 100 feet, his skin burned and tingled. “He also noted that the 
sound seemed to [permeate] throughout his body,” said MUFON Tennessee state section director 
Kim Shaffer. The witness awoke the next day suffering from serious medical symptoms. (James Neff)



A large triangular craft photographed by one of the witnesses near Luis Muñoz Marín International 
Airport, San Juan, Puerto Rico, on the night of May 15, 2005. The witness later experienced adverse 
physical symptoms, though he recovered. Two years later he and other witnesses encountered the 
same or similar craft on several occasions, twice during flights in American Eagle airliners. (© Argus)



A sketch by Finian Handley of the black triangular craft he and a passenger in his taxi observed 
while driving through Whitchurch, a few miles from Monmouth, Wales, on the night of September 
26, 2008. The triangles were only a meter or two apart. Later that night, now alone in his cab, he 
saw two “orbs” hovering just above the trees in Chippenham Park, Monmouth, which “transformed” 
into triangles. (Finian Handley)





opposite and this page: Roy Shaw and his border collie dog, who were terrified by a 100-foot-long 
craft with flashing red and blue lights around the edge which landed in Phear Park, Exmouth, Devon, 
on the night of February 6, 2010. When a “white shape” came toward them, they bolted for home. 
Another man walking his dog also saw the object. (Simon Horn/Exmouth Journal)



Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev (left) with President Vladimir Putin. Following a television
 interview on December 7, 2012, a journalist interviewed Medvedev, supposedly off the air. At 
one point the prime minister was asked if the president had been handed secret files on aliens when 
receiving the briefcase needed to activate Russia’s nuclear arsenal. “Along with the briefcase with 
nuclear codes,” responded Medvedev-apparently seriously-“the president is given a special top-
secret folder [which] in its entirety contains information about aliens who [have] visited our planet 
[and] a report of the absolutely secret special service that exercises control over aliens on the territory 
of our country. . . . I will not tell you how many of them are among us because it may cause panic.”




===============================================================================================
REFERENCES

introduction
1.  Harnden, Toby, “Aliens targeted nuclear missiles, say ex-officers,” The Daily 

Telegraph, September 28, 2010.

2.  Brookes, Trevor, “UFO was inches from car, say elderly couple,” Teesdale Mercury, 
January 18, 2012. Mr. Brookes (the newspaper’s editor) told me that the couple 
unfortunately were unable to recall the exact date of the incident, in January 2010.

3. “UFO seen in Phear Park, Exmouth,” Exmouth Journal, February 11, 2010.

4. “Close encounter had me running home, says Roy,” Exeter Express & Echo, 
February 13, 2010.

5. “The Truth is in Here: The human mind, not alien life, is the source of UFOs and 
much other superstition,” The Times, in “Leading articles,” August 5, 2010.

6.  Beabey, Keith, “UFO Lands in Suffolk-and that’s Official,” News of the World, 
London, October 2, 1983. As described in both Above Top Secret and Beyond 
Top Secret, on the afternoon of December 15, 1980, ten days prior to the first of 
the Rendlesham Forest incidents, an identical craft was observed for well over 
an hour by numerous witnesses (some with binoculars) over southeast London 
and northwest Kent. It alternately hovered for lengthy periods, and occasionally 
seemed to split into up to five separate elements before regrouping into a common 
element. All this took place in a completely cloudless sky. Thousands of people 
must have witnessed the display, and a video film was taken from Seal Chart, in 
the Sevenoaks area. I myself saw the object briefly (as a brilliant, large star-like 
object) as I was nearing my apartment building after a shopping trip. The time, 
I noted, was 16:07. Frustratingly, this was one of the rare occasions when I had 
neither binoculars, camera, nor ciné-camera with me. I dashed the remaining 
short distance home and opened the windows in preparation for observing the 
object through my telescope and taking both movie and still film if it turned out 
to be unusual. But by now the object was no longer visible. It was 16:15. The next 
day, a journalist phoned to tell me that at least 40 witnesses in Orpington had 
observed the object since 15:00, some through 20x binoculars. The main object 
was described to me by one of the witnesses as of an elongated triangular shape-
identical to that of the main object which landed in Rendlesham Forest. At 16:15 
(the time I arrived home) it pointed itself toward the west and shot off vertically, 
seemingly dividing into two distinct objects. Curiously, this supportive evidence 
has been lacking in books on the Rendlesham Forest incidents, though Nick Pope 
hopes to include some of it in a new book (see below).


7. For the definitive books on the Rendlesham incident, see You Can’t Tell the People: 
The Cover-up of Britain’s Roswell, by Georgina Bruni, Sidgwick & Jackson, 
London, 2000, and Encounter in Rendlesham Forest, by Nick Pope, Thomas Dunne 
Books, 2014 with John Burroughs, USAF, Ret. and Jim Penniston, USAF, Ret.

8. Wheatley, Gemma, “Brit Nuke Base Zapped by UFOs,” Daily Star, London,
September 28, 2010. This remarkable conference at the National Press Club was
hosted by Robert L. Hastings, author of UFOs and Nukes: Extraordinary Encounters
at Nuclear Weapons Sites, AuthorHouse, 2008.

9. Henderson, Neil, “UFO files reveal ‘Rendlesham incident’ papers missing,” 
bbc.co.uk/news/uk, March 3, 2011.

10. Copping, Jasper, “There isn’t something out there,” The Sunday Telegraph, London,
August 7, 2011.

11. Personal communication, August 8, 2011.
12. Personal communication, August 9, 2011.

13.“Charles Halt, Former Air Force Colonel, Accuses U.S. of UFO Cover-Up,”
huffingtonpost.com, September 9, 2012.

14. Wheeler, Virginia, “UFO closes an airport,” The Sun, October 5, 2010.
15. BBC Radio Five Live, August 4, 2011.
16. Baker, Jennie, “‘Gobsmacked’ by UFO sighting,” Cambridge News, August 4, 2011.
17. Yang Jian, “Flying Saucers . . . or moths?” www.ShanghaiDaily.com, June 20, 2012.
18. Namrata-Malhotra (reporters),“UFO Sightings At Indo-China Border Leave

19.Indian Army Astounded,” International Business Times, November 7, 2012.
“Aliens Among Us? Half of the entire Chinese population believes in UFOs,”
Pravda, Russia, January 2004.

20. Lin, Rosanne, “ETs Live Among Us Says ex-China Foreign Ministry Official,”

21. Shanghai Star, ChinaDaily.com, July 20, 2002.
“As U.K. Releases UFO Files, Former UFO Project Chief Apologizes for ‘Spin
and Dirty Tricks,’” huffingtonpost.com, August 17, 2011.

22. Pope, Nick, “The Calvine UFO Photo,” nickpope.net/calvine-ufo-photo.htm
23. Brown, Craig, news.scotsman.com, November 14, 2012.
24. Riley, Ed, “God? A greater chance of aliens,” Daily Star, October 13, 2012.
25. For the definitive book on USOs, see UFOs and Water by Carl W. Feindt, Xlibris
Corporation, 2010.


chapter one: environmental survey
1.  Dworshak, Leo, UFOs Are With Us-Take My Word, Dorrance Publishing Co., 

Inc., Pittsburgh, 2003. See also Montana UFOs and Extraterrestrials, by Joan Bird, 
Ph.D., Riverbend Publishing, Helena, Montana, 2012.

2.  Personal communication, December 2010.
3.  Former NASA meteorologist Rubens Villela experienced a dramatic example of 
alien weather manipulation in Brazil, as described in my book Unearthly Disclosure.

4.  Similar phenomena have been reported. Jean-Gabriel Greslé, a former fighter 
pilot and Air France captain, related to me how, in November 1990, an enormous 
structured object flew low over him and other witnesses in a suburb of Paris, 
carrying what he described as its own “zone of silence” (see p. 290).

5.  Personal interview, Helena, June 10, 2004.
6.  Personal communication, December 2010.
7.  Personal interview, Helena, June 9, 2004.
8.  A similar process is reported in much later contacts. In November 1973, for 
example, when Enrique Castillo Rincón was “beamed” aboard an alien craft in 
Colombia, he was asked to undress completely. A blue-colored smoke, smelling 
similar to lemon or lime, issued from a joint between the walls and floor. He was 
informed that this process disinfected him from whatever microbes he might have 
brought in. See Unearthly Disclosure. See also the 1977 case reported by Barbara 
Beavers (Chapter 12).

9. Ibid., Helena, June 2004.
10.  Ibid.
11.  Certificate of Discharge, March 31, 1937, supplied by Barry Potter.
12.  Personal communication, December 2010.
13.  Information supplied by Barry Potter.
14.  Axline, Jon, “UFOs Sighted in Helena,” published in More from the Quarries of Last 
Chance Gulch, Helena Independent Record, 1995, pp. 168–9.

15.  Personal interview, Helena, June 9, 2004.
16.  Testimonial, May 29, 2010, supplied by Barry Potter.
17.  Personal interview, Helena, June 9, 2004.
18.  Personal communication, November 2010.
19.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pegasus Books, 
New York, 2007.

20.  Personal communication from Barry Potter, June 14, 2010. Leo also related to 
Barry that during his naval service he came to know John F. Kennedy, whom 
he described as “a sort of rich playboy who claimed he never had any money, 
expecting others to pay for his drinks, food, and entertainment.” Of incidental 
interest, Kennedy joined the staff of the Office of Naval Intelligence in 1941.

chapter two: galactic guardians
1.  Monnet, Pierre, Dossier Contacts et Synthèse, translated by Anne Smith.
2.  Troadec, Jean-Pierre, at rr0.org/personne/m/MonnetPierre.
3.  Monnet, op. cit.
4.  Monnet, Pierre, Les Extra-Terrestres m’ont Dit, Lefebvre, Paris, 1978. (Monnet also 
wrote Contacts d’Outre-Espace, Amrita, 1994.)
5. Dossier Contacts et Synthèse.
6. Ibid.
7. Ibid.


chapter three: italian developments

1.  Broken rocky matter or sediment, formed from boulders down to cobbles, gravel, 
sand and silt, which has been carried by a river or stream.

2.  The apparent “shrinkage” of alien craft-caused perhaps by the effects of a 

powerful gravitational field-was reported in a number of cases in later years, 
which adds credibility to Johannis’s claim.

3.  Creighton, Gordon, “The Villa Santina Case,” Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 13, No. 
1, January–February 1967, pp. 3–8.

4. Johannis, Professor R.L., “Ho visto un disco volante,” Clypeus, No. 2–5, Centri 
Studi Clipeologici, Turin, May 1964.

5.  Letter from Professor R. L. Johannis to Gianni Settimo, Director, Centri Studi 
Clipeologici, Turin, March 20, 1964.

6. Johannis, Professor R. L., “I Saw a Flying Saucer,” translated by Gordon Creighton 
from Clypeus (see ref. 4) and appearing in “The Villa Santina Case: An important 
early contact claim” by Creighton, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 13, No. 1, January–
February 1967, pp. 3–8.

7.  A localized silence usually surrounded Leo and Mike Dworshak during their 
encounters.

8.  Monguzzi used a Kodak Retina 1 (probably the 1A model) with a Schneider-
Kreuznach Xenar 50mm f/3.5 lens, set at f/8 and 1/500 second shutter speed, and 
Ferrania 24mm  36mm black & white film, 100ASA/21DIN.

9. Epoca, November 1952, translated from the Italian by Lou Zinsstag, Basel.
10.  Letter to Lou Zinsstag from the Direktion der Militärflugplätze, Betriebs-Gruppe 
Buochs/Ennetbürgen, June 28, 1958.

11.  Zinsstag, Lou, “Monguzzi Takes Saucer Photos of the Century,” Flying Saucer 
Review, Vol. 4, No. 5, September–October 1958, pp. 2–4.


chapter four: eisenhower and the extraterrestrials

1.  Stringfield, Leonard, UFO Crash/Retrievals: Amassing the Evidence-Status Report 
III, 1982, p. 34, citing a copy of letter from Antonio Ribera to Richard W. Heiden.
2. Ibid., p. 34.
3.  ufocrashbook.com/eisenhower.html
4.  Hastings, Max, “The Defence of the Realm,” The Sunday Times, Culture section, 
p. 42, July 11, 2010, reviewing The Secret State: Preparing for the Worst 1945–2010 
by Peter Hennessy, Allen Lane, 2010.

5.  On June 22, 1965, Godfrey recounted on one of his coast-to-coast programs how 
he and his co-pilot, Frank Munciello, had encountered a brilliantly lit object which 
suddenly appeared off the starboard wing of their twin-engined Convair plane on a 
night flight from New York to Washington, D.C., forcing Godfrey to take evasive 
action. He contacted the FAA tower at Philadelphia, who said nothing could be seen 
on radar. At that instant the object reversed its course and circled the plane, coming 
up seconds later behind the port wing. Godfrey’s continuing evasive maneuvers were 
met with duplicated moves by the UFO, before it eventually veered upward and 
disappeared. No date is given for the incident. (From Flying Saucers-Serious Business 
by Frank Edwards, Lyle Stuart, New York, 1966, pp. 130–1.)

6.  Kittinger, Jr., Capt. Joseph W., “The Long, Lonely Leap,” National Geographic, 
December 1960; Wikipedia. See also Come Up and Get Me: An Autobiography of 
Colonel Joseph Kittinger, by Joe Kittinger and Craig Ryan, with a foreword by Neil 
Armstrong, University of New Mexico Press, 2010. More recently, Col. Kittinger 
advised Felix Baumgartner’s October 14, 2012 record-breaking free fall from 
128,100 feet and served also as capsule commander (CAPCOM).

7.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pan Books, 

London, and Pegasus Books, New York, 2007, p. 187.

8.  McAndrew, James, The Roswell Report: Case Closed, Headquarters United States 
Air Force, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, 1997, pp. 
176–7.

9.Ibid., pp. 103, 174–7.

 
10.  Clarkson, James E., Tell My Story: June Crain, The Air Force & UFOs, Black 
Triangle Press, P.O. Box 12328, Olympia, WA 98508, 2010, pp. 42–3, 61–2, 
121–2.

11.  Art Campbell points out that Kittinger’s service record indicates that he was at 
Holloman AFB from the fall of 1954 to the summer of 1955.
Valor magazine, October 9, 1954, and confirmed to the author by Desmond Leslie.

12.  Search online for “President Eisenhower UFO aliens Henry McElroy.”
13. 
14.  Rivas, Juan A. Lorenzo, “President Eisenhower’s ‘ET’ Encounter: What Really 
Happened at Muroc Base?” Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 44, No. 3, 1999, pp. 2–5.

15.  Picton, John, “Eisenhower Was Visited by UFO, British Lord Claims,” Toronto Star 

(date not available, but the story was confirmed to the author by Lord Clancarty).

16.  Rivas, op. cit.
17.  Letter from Gerald Light to Meade Layne, received April 16, 1954. Light gave his 
address as 10545 Scenario Lane, Los Angeles 24. In the 1970s, researcher William 
Moore tried in vain to trace the witness, though, as he notes in The Roswell 
Incident, a Gerald Light was employed in the early 1950s as director of advertising 
and sales promotion for CBS Columbia in Los Angeles. As for the other three 
witnesses, several previous attempts had been made to contact all of them about 
Light’s story, but none would discuss the matter or even acknowledge receipt of 
letters concerning it.

18.  Berlitz, Charles, and Moore, William, The Roswell Incident, Granada, 1980, pp. 
119–20.

19.  McElroy, Henry, “American Renaissance 2012,” April 13, 2012, 
henrymcelroy.wordpress.com

20.  Light, Michael, 100 Suns, Jonathan Cape, London, 2003, chronology section.
21.  Personal communication, Woodstock, Virginia, May 8, 1998.
22.  ufocrashbook.com/eisenhower.html

chapter five: public landings

1.  Fry, Margaret-Ellen, Link to the Stars, with a foreword by Desmond Leslie, 

privately published, 2009, pp. 1–4. I have supplemented this account with periodic 
updates sent to me by Margaret. She has also authored another book, Who Are 
They? (privately published, 2004). For signed copies, contact The Secretary, 
WFIU, 5 The Broadway, Abergele, Conwy, Wales, LL22 7DD.

2.  Report form to Contact (UK) signed by Steve Fredrick Costello, July 1, 1978.
3.  Fry, op. cit., p. 4.
4.  Piper, Linda, “UFO kids urged ‘phone home,’” News Shopper, Bexley (and other 
local areas), September 4, 2002.

5.  Piper, Linda, “Did you spot this 1955 UFO?” News Shopper, Bexley, September 18, 
2002.

6.  Fry, op. cit., pp. 209–10.
7.  Hanson, John and Holloway, Dawn, Haunted Skies: The Encyclopaedia of British 

8. UFOs,  Volume 1, 1940–1959, CFZ Press, Bideford, Devon, 2010, pp. 171–4.
Information supplied to me by Margaret Fry, who knew Doris Jacques.
 
9.  Hanson and Holloway, op. cit., p. 169.
10.  Personal interview, April 5, 2011.
11.  Hanson and Holloway, op. cit., pp. 174–5.
12.  Fry, op. cit., p. 210.
13.  Fry, op. cit., p. 211.
14.  Fry, Margaret-Ellen, Who Are They? p. 2.
15.  Fry, Link to the Stars, p. 212.
16.  Ibid., pp. 4–5.
17.  Luton, Tina, “The Day Westall High Stood Still,” Inspire, Issue 3, April 2011, 
pp. 52–5, published by the Communications Division for the Department of 
Education and Early Childhood Development, Melbourne.

18.  Ryan, Shane, “The Forgotten Story of Melbourne’s 1966 Westall Flying Saucer 
Incident,” UFO Matrix, Vol. 1, Issue 6, 2011, pp. 13–14.

19.  Luton, op. cit.
20.  Ryan, op. cit., p. 16.


chapter six: tales from the vienna woods

1.  Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century, 
London, 1998, also published by Avon Books, New York, 1999, pp. 233–8.

2.  Wanderka, Josef, Meine UFO-Kontakt and Sichtungsdokumentation, 1975, sent to 
the author in January 1983. Translated by Dorothee Walter.

3.  Personal interview, Vienna, September 6, 1996.
4.  Creighton, Gordon, “A Weird Tale from the Vienna Woods,” Flying Saucer 
Review, Vol. 24, No. 6, April 1979, pp. 20–1.


chapter seven: infiltration

1.  Wilkins, Harold T., Flying Saucers on the Attack, Ace Books, New York, 1954, p. 46.

2.  Anderson, Carl A., Two Nights to Remember, New Age Publishing Co., Los 
Angeles, 1956.

3.  Lecture at a conference in Reno, Nevada, July 10, 1966.
4. Ibid.
5.  Wilkins, op. cit., p. 261.
6.  Lecture, Reno.
7. “Dr. Hermann Oberth discusses UFOs,” Fate, May 1962, pp. 36–43.
8.  Collyns, Robin, Did Spacemen Colonise the Earth? Pelham Books, London, 1974, 
p. 236.

9.  Oberth, op. cit.
10.  Lecture, Reno.
11.  Van Tassel, George, “The Perfect Defense,” Proceedings, Vol. 6, No. 2, May–June 
1958.

12.  Lecture, Reno.
13.  Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century, 
London, 1998, and Avon Books, New York, 1999, pp. 30–9. See also The Shocking 
Truth by H. Albert Coe, The Book Fund, Beverly, New Jersey, 1969.

14.  Clark, Jerome, The Emergence of a Phenomenon: UFOs from the Beginning through 
1959, The UFO Encyclopedia, Volume 2, Omnigraphics, Inc., 1992, pp. 295–7.
15.  “Centralian Tells Strange Tale of Visiting Venus Space Ship in Eastern Lewis 
County,” Centralia Daily Chronicle, April 1, 1950.

16.  Clark, op. cit.
17.  Personal interview, Mount Palomar, California, August 19, 1976.
18.  Freed, David, “Emissary,” Air & Space (Smithsonian), Vol. 27, No. 3, August 2012, 
p. 22.

19.  quest.nasa.gov/aero/planetary/mars.html
20.  Good, op. cit., p. 246.
21.  Personal interviews, Ontario, California, 19–20 November, 1979.
22.  Sagan, Carl, The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective, Coronet Books, 
London, 1975, pp. 151–2.

23.  Steckling, Fred, Why Are They Here? Spaceships from Other Worlds, Vantage Press, 
New York, 1969, pp. 71–4. See also adamskifoundation.com or write to GAF 
International/Adamski Foundation (run by Glenn Steckling) at P.O. Box 1722, 
Vista, California 92085.

24.  “NASA awards CU-Boulder $3.3 million for Venus mission,” Metro Denver 
Economic Development Corporation News Center, metrodenver.org.

25.  Kean, Sam, “Forbidden Planet,” Air & Space (Smithsonian), Vol. 25, No. 5, 
October/November 2010, pp. 63–7.

26.  Interview on the Art Bell Radio Show, Coast to Coast FM, November 2, 2003.
27.  Recorded interview with Albert Coe by Dr. Berthold Schwarz, May 17, 1977.
28.  Zinsstag, Lou and Good, Timothy, George Adamski: The Untold Story, with a 
foreword by Lady Falkender, Ceti Publications, 1983.

29.  Leslie, Desmond and Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Have Landed, Wernie 

Laurie, London, 1953.

30.  Adamski, George, Inside the Space Ships, Arco Publishers and Neville Spearman 
Ltd., London, 1956, p. 56.

31.  Tolman, Alan G., “My Early Experiences with Flying Saucers and Early 
Contactee George Adamski,” provided for me by Glenn Steckling via Alan 
Tolman.

32.  Wilkins, op. cit., pp. 260–61.
33.  Leslie, Desmond and Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Have Landed (revised 
edition), Neville Spearman, London, 1970, pp. 248–9.

34.  Dohan, Henry, The Pawn of His Creator: Early Contactees of Interplanetary 
Visitations, edited and published posthumously by David R. Kammerer. Second, 
revised edition, August 2008, P.O. Box 96701, Las Vegas, Nevada 89193, p. 124.

35.  Good, op. cit., p. 105.
36.  Dohan, op. cit., pp. 245–6.
37.  Speech by Senator the Hon. G. Brown, Appropriation Bill (No. 2) 1962–63 (First 
Reading), from Parliamentary Debates, 14th May, 1963, p. ii, reproduced at the end 
of Dohan’s book.

38.  Steckling, op. cit., p. 78.
39.  As reported in Alien Base, in June 1963 Apolinar Villa witnessed the landing of a 
large disc from which emerged four men and five women, ranging in height from 
seven to nine feet. Some had blond hair, some black-and others red.

40.  Lecture, Reno.
41.  Neues Europa, January 1, 1959.

chapter eight: airborne encounters

1.  National Archives, DEFE-24-2013-1, pp. 273–82. If there is any truth to the 

Churchill/Eisenhower story, it is odd that in an official memo to the Secretary of 
State for Air and Lord Cherwell on July 28, 1952, Churchill asked: “What does all 
this stuff about flying saucers amount to? What can it mean? What is the truth? 
Let me have a report at your convenience.” If he already knew enough to insist 
on a cover-up in the Second World War, why would he have needed to ask such a 
question?

2.  Malvern, Jack, “So, flying saucers-what’s the truth, Churchill asked,” The Times, 
London, August 5, 2010, pp. 12–13.

3.  Kissner, J. Andrew, Peculiar Phenomenon: Early United States Efforts to Collect and 

Analyze Flying Discs. (Currently unpublished.)
4.  The Kenny Young Archives and UFO Frontier by Kenny Young, edited by S. 
Patrick Feeney, available via Amazon. (I have corrected details of some of the 
aircraft types.)

5.  Wilkins, Harold T., Flying Saucers Uncensored, Arco, London, 1956, p. 137.
6.  See Empire of the Clouds: When Britain’s Aircraft Ruled the World by James 
Hamilton-Patterson, Faber and Faber, London, 2010.

7.  Supplied by Dr. Olavo Fontes, a Brazilian researcher, to Richard H. Hall, an 
American counterpart, March 15, 1958.

8.  Vike, Brian, “Lt. Col. Roy Jack Edwards tells his son of his UFO encounter as a 
test pilot,” americanchronicle.com/articles/50322 (January 26, 2008).

9.  Torres, Noe and Uriarte, Ruben, The Other Roswell: UFO Crash on the Texas-
Mexico Border, RoswellBooks.com, 2008, pp. 23–6.

10.  Ibid., pp. 33–5.
11.  Ibid., p. 36.
12.  Ibid., pp. 45–9.
13.  Ibid., pp. 51–8.
14.  Personal communication, November 11, 2010.
15.  Ibid., pp. 63–7.
16.  Ibid., pp. 68–73.
17.  Possibly General Thomas D. White, who became assistant chief of staff for 
intelligence in 1944 and chief of staff for the U.S. Air Force in 1957.

18.  Torres and Uriarte, op. cit., pp. 83–4.
19.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pan Books, 
London, and Pegasus Books, New York, 2007, p. 55.

20.  Torres and Uriarte, op. cit., p. 91.
21.  Ibid., pp. 119–21.
22.  Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Pan 
Books, London, 1997, p. 537.

23.  Ibid., pp. 121–2.
24.  Randle, Kevin D., “Crash Goes the Del Rio Crash,” UFO Magazine, Vol. 24, No. 
1, January 2011, pp, 18–19.

25.  Personal communication, January 7, 2011.
26.  Letter from Dr. Milton Torres to the Ministry of Defence, London, July 1988, 
released in October 2008.

27.  Cox, Billy, “UFO Chaser to Obama: ‘Open the Books!,’”  
theufochronicles.com/2009/02/ufo-chaser-to-obama-open-books.html

28.  Letter to the Ministry of Defence, July 1988.
29.  Evans, Michael, “Close Encounter: the airman who tried to shoot down a UFO,” 
The Times, London, October 20, 2008.

30.  Letter to the Ministry of Defence, July 1988.
31.  Hoffman, Michael, “Retired Air Force pilot recalls attempt to shoot down UFO,” 
Air Force Times, October 20, 2008.

32.  Letter to the Ministry of Defence, July 2008.
33. military-writers.com/airforce/milton_torres.html
34. Spangler, David, “Retired Air Force pilot tells of close encounter 50 years ago,”
Miami Herald, October 22, 2008.

35. O’Brien, Miles, in a transcript of American Morning, November 24, 2008.
36. Letter to the Ministry of Defence, July 1988.


chapter nine: “a new world- if you can take it”

1. Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket
Books, New York, 1997.

2. This information was revealed in a videotaped interview with Corso by the Italian
investigator Maurizio Baiata.

3. Corso, Philip J., USA Ret., Dawn of a New Age, kindly supplied to me by the
researcher Paola Harris, a friend of Corso. This section of Corso’s manuscript for
The Day After Roswell was not included in the book.

4.Ibid., p. 156.
5. Ibid., pp. 166–8.
6. Ibid., pp. 157–8.
7. Ibid., pp. 159–61.

8. This brings to mind an interesting parallel. In July 1949, at White Sands, Daniel Fry,
a rocket engineer for Aerojet General Corporation, encountered a landed craft and
was invited aboard by its humanoid pilot, “A-lan.” At one point, Fry was astonished
to notice the caduceus symbol in the craft. “You are perfectly correct when you point
out that the symbol of the tree and the serpent is a common one in the history and
the legends of your planet,” said A-lan. “The explanation is that we have, at least in
part, a common ancestry. Tens of thousands of years ago, some of our ancestors lived
on this planet, Earth. . . .” (The White Sands Incident by Dr. Daniel Fry, Best Books
Inc., Louisville, Kentucky 40218, 1966. See also my book Alien Base.)

9. Corso, op. cit., pp. 162–4.
10. Keller, Tom L., The Total Novice’s Guide to UFOs: What You Need to Know, 2FS
(publishing) LLC, P.O. Box 5481, Palm Springs, California 92263-5481, 2010,
pp. 165–8.

11. Presentation for Steven Greer’s Disclosure Project at the National Press Club,
Washington, D.C., May 9, 2001.

12. Keller, op. cit., p. 168.



chapter ten: gray liaison

1.Personal communication, July 14, 2009.
2. Code Orange is due for publication in 2015 (with the author’s real name).
3. Wikipedia.
4. Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 48, No. 2, Summer 2003, p. 23.
5. Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket
Books, Simon & Schuster Inc., New York, 1997, pp. 182–3.
6. Ibid., p. 183.



chapter eleven: the overlords

1.  Blomqvist, Håkan, “The Helge File-Men in Black in Sweden?,” AFU Newsletter, 
No. 20, October/December 1980, Archives for UFO Research, Norrköping, 
Sweden, and updated material supplied to the author. (“Helge” was the pseudonym 
used for Höglund prior to his death.)

2.  Blomqvist, Håkan, “Some further notes from the Helge File” (1984), supplied to 
the author, including subsequent updates.

3.  Blomqvist, Håkan, Främlingar på vår jord: Ufokontakter i Sverige, Parthenon, 
Nyköping, 2009.

4.  Folket, June 1, 1968.
5.  Personal communication, April 12, 2012.
6.  Letter to Gösta Johansson, January 16, 1969.
7.  Interview with Gunvor Höglund by Håkan Blomqvist, June 1, 1984.
8.  Dagens Nyheter, Stockholm, October 21, 1971, as cited in KGB: The Secret Work of 
Soviet Secret Agents by John Barron, Corgi Books, London, 1975, p. 28.

9.  Keel, John A., The Eighth Tower, Saturday Review Press, E.P. Dutton & Co., Inc., 
New York, 1975, p. 141.

10.  Menger, Howard, From Outer Space to You, Saucerian Books, Clarksburg, Virginia, 
1959, pp. 143–4.

11.  Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century, 
London, 1998, pp. 192–3.

12.  Keel, John A., Operation Trojan Horse, Souvenir Press, London, 1971, p. 296.
13.  Good, op. cit., pp. 54–5.
14.  Blomqvist, Håkan, “The Helge File-Men in Black in Sweden?”


chapter twelve: reluctant guinea pigs

1.  Photochromic glass is used, for example, in eyeglasses which darken on exposure 
to ultraviolet radiation, but once indoors revert to their clear state (often referred to 
as “photo-gray”).

2. “Kirlian auras” are a form of contact-print photography named after Semyon 
Kirlian, who in 1929 inadvertently discovered that if an object on a photographic 
plate is subjected to a strong electrical field, an image is created on the plate. He 
claimed the resulting images were proof of the “life force” or “aura” surrounding 
living beings. It is most likely, in my opinion, that alien technology in this regard 
is a great deal more advanced than that of the Kirlian system, as evidenced by its 
ability to display chakras.

3.  Good, Timothy, Unearthly Disclosure: Conflicting Interests in the Control of 
Extraterrestrial Intelligence, Arrow Books, London, 2001, p. 137.

4.  Atlanti, Shawn, “Narrative of Barbara Beavers” (transcribed from notes). Shawn 
wishes to point out that this narrative had not been checked with the witness as to 
accuracy or completeness. I have no further information on the witness from Shawn, 
other than that she had a previous experience with UFOs in Tennessee in 1968 and 
did two years of college training as a dental technician, but took no science courses.


chapter thirteen: amicizia

1.  Breccia, Stefano, Mass Contacts, AuthorHouse, 2009, pp. 156–7. The Italian 
edition is Contattismi di massa, published by Nexus Edizioni, Roma, 2006.

2.  Duper, Nikola, “The Story of ‘Friendship.’”
3.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 316.
4.  Di Girolamo, Paolo, Noi E Loro: T & ET, Nexus Edizioni, 2009.
5.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 166–74.
6. Ibid., pp. 184–6.
7. Ibid., pp. 187–8.
8.  Personal interview, Chieti, April 6, 2010.
9.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 188–92.
10.  Ibid., p. 239.
11.  Personal interview, April 6, 2010.
12.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 284–5.
13.  Personal communication, December 22, 2010.
14.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 221.
15.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
16.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 197–8.
17.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
18.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 225.
19.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
20.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 239
21.  Breccia, Stefano, Amicizia: Fifty Years Later, Nexus Publishing, 2012.
22.  Described by Bill Gunston as comprising a fixed beacon emitting a fixed circular 
horizontal radiation pattern at 108–118 MHz, on which is superimposed a rotating 
directional pattern at 30 Hz, giving output whose phase modulation is unique 
for each bearing from the beacon. “Thus airborne station can read from panel 
instrument bearing of aircraft from station, called inbound or outbound radial . . .” 
The Cambridge Aerospace Dictionary (Second Edition), by Bill Gunston, Cambridge 
University Press, New York, 2009, p. 760.

23.  Personal interview, June 22, 2010.
24.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 288–90.
25.  Personal interview, June 24, 2010.
26.  Personal communication, November 9, 2011.
27.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
28.  Breccia, Mass Contacts, p. 290.
29.  Uriarte, Ruben and Reichmuth, Steven, “UFHs-Mexico’s Flying Humanoids,” 
MUFON UFO Journal, No. 467, March 2007, pp. 3–5.

30.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 183.
31.  Ibid., pp. 178–81.
32.  Barbatelli, Teresa, “A tentative study of the strange picture at the end of 
Contattismi di massa,” 2009.

33.  Fortean Times, No. 204, December 2005.
34.  Genesis 6:4, The Holy Bible. Scripture taken from the New King James Version. 
Copyright © 1979, 1980, 1982 by Thomas Nelson, Inc.

35.  Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, William 
Morrow, New York, 1988, pp. 400–1, citing Preuves Scientifiques OVNI by Jean-
Charles Fumoux, (Monaco, 1981).

36.  Personal communication, May 7, 2008.
37.  Personal communication, December 21, 2007.
38.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pan Books, 
London, 2007; Pegasus Books, New York, 2007, pp. 426–7.

39.  Personal communication, July 6, 2012.
40.  Breccia, op. cit., 272–3.
41.  Personal interview, June 22, 2010.
42.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 223.
43.  Personal interview, June 8, 2010.
44.  Breccia, op. cit., pp. 309–13.
45.  Ibid., pp. 153–4.
46.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
47.  Good, op. cit., pp. 406–11.
48.  Personal interview, April 7, 2010.
49.  Breccia, Mass Contacts, pp. 381–2.
50.  Ibid., pp. 231–3.
51.  Ibid., p. 230.
52.  Ibid., p. 235.
53.  Ibid., p. 230.
54.  Ibid., pp. 233–4.
55.  Ibid., p. 228.
56.  Ibid., p. 296.
57.  Ibid., p. 237.
58.  I am particularly drawn to the works of William Walker Atkinson. Probably 
owing to his status as a barrister (Pennsylvania Bar), he used a number of 
pseudonyms for some of his books, e.g. “Yogi Ramacharaka” and “Theron Q. 
Dumont.” First published by the Psychic Research Company (New York) and 
Yogi Publication Society (Chicago) at the start of the 20th century, many of these 
books are still in print. As an introduction, I recommend Fourteen Lessons in Yogi 
Philosophy (1903).

59.  Breccia, Mass Contacts, p. 297.
60.  Ibid., p. 266.
61.  Ŗgveda Samhitā, Book 1, Hymn 139, p. 619. English translation by Svami Satya 
Prakash Sarasvati and Satyakam Vidyalankar, Veda Pratishthana, New Delhi.

62.  Personal interview, April 8, 2010.
63.  Breccia, op. cit., p. 7.
64.  Ibid., pp. 256–7.
65.  Ibid., p. 315.
66. Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century,
London, 1998, pp. 215–17, citing an article from Le Ore, 24/31 January 1963,
translated by Gordon Creighton in Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 9, No. 3, May–June
1963, pp. 18–20.


chapter fourteen: alternative spacecraft

1. Cox, Billy, “Locals tell tales of UFO sightings,” Florida Today, Melbourne,
Florida, July 6, 1997.

2. Lethbridge, Cliff, “Launch Pad 3 Supports the First Rocket Launch from Cape
Canaveral,” spaceline.org.

3. Good, Timothy, Alien Base: The Evidence for the Extraterrestrial Colonization of
Earth, Avon Books, New York, 1999, p. 243.

4. Cox, op. cit.
5. Debus, Kurt H., “John F. Kennedy Space Center Management Instruction, KMI-
8610.4,” June 28, 1967.

6. Oglesby, J. E., Proof of Extraterrestrial Intelligence: The Cape Canaveral Apollo
Program Chronicles, LuLu.com, 860 Aviation Parkway, Suite 300, Morrisville, NC
27560, 2008, pp. 17–26.

7. Ibid., pp. 28–9.
8. Ibid., pp. 128–9.
9. Ibid., pp. 62–4.
10. Ibid., pp. 69–70.
11. Ibid., p. 73.
12. Ibid., pp. 75–8
13. Ibid., p. 115.
14. Ibid., pp. 120–2.
15. Ibid., pp. 132–40.
16. Apollo II: The Untold Story, a British One-hour Special for the Discovery Channel,
first shown on Channel Five (UK), July 24, 2006.

17. San Bernardino Sun-Telegram, July 20, 1969.
18. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, William
Morrow, New York, 1988, pp. 383–4, citing Saga UFO Special, No. 3.

19. Faucher, Eric; Goodstein, Ellen; and Gris, Henry: “Alien UFOs Watched Our
First Astronauts on Moon,” National Enquirer, September 11, 1979. I am well
aware of the Enquirer’s reputation for unsubstantiated tabloid stories, but the late
Bob Pratt, who investigated numerous UFO cases for the paper-in the USA
and abroad-assured me that (to his own bemusement as well) such stories were
published accurately.

20. Greer, Dr. Steven M., Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the
Greatest Secrets in Modern History, pre-publication edition, Crossing Point, Inc., PO
Box 265, Crozet, VA 22932, 2001, pp. 419–21.

21. Adamski, George, Inside the Space Ships, Neville Spearman, London, 1966, p. 143.
22. Ibid., p. 204.
23. Personal communication, January 31, 1995.
24. Letter to the author from Neil. A. Armstrong, December 29, 1986.
25. Personal communication, January 31, 1995.
26. I.H.Ph. Diederiks-Verschoor, “International Symposium on Space Lab held in
Naples and Capri from 11-16 June 1984,” Journal of Space Law, Vol. 12, No. 2, pp.
193–4.


27.“Spacelab to Space Station,” Earth-oriented Applications of Space Technology, Vol. 5,
Nos. 1/2, Pergamon Press, 1985.

28. Corso, Col. Philip J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York, 1997, pp.
128–9.

29. Hellyer, Paul, Light at the End of the Tunnel: A Survival Plan for the Human Species,
AuthorHouse, Bloomington, IN 47403, 2010, pp. 11–12.

30. Buncombe, Andrew, ‘Space: America’s new war zone,’ The Independent, October
19, 2006, pp. 1–2.

31. Dowling, Kevin, “Wanted: volunteer martyrs for one-way trip to Mars,” The
Sunday Times, April 24, 2011.

32. Buncombe, op. cit.
33. NASA Information Sheet Number 78/1, prepared by Public Services Branch,
Office of External Relations, NASA Headquarters, Washington, D.C. 20546,
February 1, 1978.

34. Cooper, Gordon, with Henderson, Bruce, Leap of Faith: An Astronaut’s Journey into
the Unknown, HarperCollins, New York, New York, 2000, pp. 82–6.

35. Letter to Ambassador Griffith from L. Gordon Cooper, Col. USAF (Ret.),
Astronaut, November 9, 1978.

36. Part of an article by J. L. Ferrando in an unknown French newspaper, translated
by Louise Zinsstag, based on a taped interview with Gordon Cooper by Benny
Manocchia during an international congress in New York, 1973.

37. Good, Timothy, Alien Contact: Top-Secret UFO Files Revealed, William Morrow,
New York, (revised edition), 1993, pp. 224–6.

38. www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/stafford-tp.html
39. Good, op. cit., pp. 226–8.
40. Personal interview, Grosvenor House Hotel, London, November 24, 1996.
41. Larson, George C., “Moments & Milestones,” Air & Space/Smithsonian, Vol. 26,
No. 2, June/July 2011, p. 80.

42. Good, op. cit., 230–4.
43. Personal communication, April 8, 1992.
44. kurzweilai.net/nasa-ames-worden-reveals-darpa-funded-hundred-year-starship
45. Keller, T.L., The Total Novices Guide to UFOs, 2FS (publishing), LLC, PO Box
5481, Palm Springs, CA 92263-5481, 2010, p. 167.


46. Jane’s Defence Weekly, June 12, 1993.
47. LaViolette, Paul A., Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, Bear & Company, Rochester,
Vermont, 2008, pp. 395–6.

48. Interview on the Art Bell Radio Show, Coast to Coast FM, November 2, 2003.
49. LaViolette, op. cit, p. 396–7.
50. Reagan, Ronald, The Reagan Diaries, edited by Douglas Brinkley, HarperCollins,
New York, 2007, p. 334.

51. Sheridan, Michael, “China’s £30bn space gallop leaves US on launchpad,” The
Sunday Times, November 6, 2011.

52. Aerospace & Defense News, May 22, 2012.
53. Ibid., May 25, 2012.
54. Ronson, Jon, “Game Over,” The Guardian/Guardian Unlimited, London, July 9,
2005. In May 2011, despite a lengthy and intensive campaign mounted by the
Daily Mail and the support of numerous politicians (including Prime Minister
David Cameron), President Obama’s top law officer, Eric Holder, the U.S.
Attorney General, vowed to “take all of the necessary steps” to have Gary-who
suffers from Asperger’s syndrome-extradited and “held accountable for the
crimes that he committed.” Previously, in conversation with Mr. Cameron at the
White House, Mr. Obama had promised to find an “appropriate solution” (Daily
Mail, London, May 13, 2011). The matter was raised again by the Prime Minister
during President Obama’s visit to Britain in late May 2011. “We have proceeded
through all the processes required under our extradition agreements,” the president
stated. “It’s now in the hands of the British legal system.” (Daily Mail, May 26,
2011.) In October 2012, Britain’s Home Secretary Theresa May vetoed the
extradition.

The Americans were furious. The U.S. Department of Justice expressed 
disappointment at the Home Secretary’s decision, “particularly given the past 
decisions of the U.K. courts and prior Home Secretaries that he should face trial 
in the United States.” It did not, however, view the ruling as a precedent for other 
cases. U.S. lawyer David Rivkin criticised Ms. May’s decision, saying that to 
deny the extradition on health grounds was “laughable.” (Kumar, Nikhil, “U.S. 
disappointed by ‘laughable’ decision,” The Independent, London, October 17, 2012). 
For a lengthy period, it was likely that Gary would face prosecution in a British 
court of law. No longer.

“On the 14th December, 2012,” Gary wrote to me in March 2013, “we were 
awaiting a decision from the United Kingdom Crown Prosecution Service as 
to whether or not I would have to face a UK trial . . . with some trepidation, we 
awaited the outcome of this decision, having been told it would be on this day. To 
our huge relief, the CPS, having formed a special panel with the Metropolitan 
Police (which is highly unusual in these circumstances) decided that a UK 
prosecution would be of no use and that they probably wouldn’t be able to get a 
conviction.”


chapter fifteen: technology transfer

1. Filer’s Files #9-2012, edited by Maj. George A. Filer, USAF (Ret.), Majorstar@ verizon.net
2. Arthur Stansel, a supervisory engineer who worked at Wright Air Development 
Center (Aircraft Laboratory) during this period, was the first to publicly release
information  on  the  Kingman,  Arizona,  incident  of  May  1953.  In  his  sworn  1973 
affidavit, Stansel described that craft as “oval and about 30 feet in diameter,” as opposed 
to Bill Uhouse’s 30-meter-diameter claim. (See my book Need to Know.)

3. Greer, Steven M., Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the Greatest 
Secrets in Modern History, pre-publication edition [etc.], Crossing Point, Inc., PO 
Box 265, Crozet, VA 22932, pp. 384–7. 
4. Dohan, Henry, UFOs: The Pawn of His Creator, published by David R. Kammerer,
PO Box 96701, Las Vegas, Nevada 89193, second, revised edition, 2008, pp. 253–4.

5. LaViolette, Paul A., Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, Bear & Company, Rochester, 
Vermont, 2008, pp. 26–31.
6. Ibid., pp. 54–9.
7. Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Farewell, Abelard-Schuman, London, 1961, pp. 36–7.
8. LaViolette, op. cit., p. 70.
9.Ibid., pp. 77–80.
10. Ibid., pp. 106–7.
11. Green, William, The Observer’s World Aircraft Directory, Frederick Warne & Co.,
London and New York, 1961, p. 136. For a detailed history of the Avrocar and
numerous other such aircraft developed around the world, see Secret Projects-
Flying Saucer Aircraft, by Bill Rose and Tony Buttler (Midland Publishing,
Hinckley, LE10 3EY, U.K., 2006).

12. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, William
Morrow, New York, 1988, pp. 225–6.


13. Ideal’s UFO Magazine, No. 4, 1978.
14. Personal communications, 2005.
15. Good, Timothy, Alien Contact: Top-Secret UFO Files Revealed, William Morrow,
New York, 1993, pp. 139–40, citing a letter from Mike Hunt to David Dobbs,
April 20, 1980.

16. Round Robin, Vol. 23/3, May–June 1967, pp. 7–8. This article was kindly supplied
to me by Håkan Blomqvist.

17. Personal communications, December 16, 2010, and May 27, 2011.
18. Personal interview, Mount Palomar, California, August 19, 1976.
19. Dolan, Richard M., UFOs and the National Security State: The UFO Cover-Up
Exposed, 1973–1991, Keyhole Publishing Co., Rochester, New York, 2009, pp. 457–9.
20. Greer, Steven M., Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the Greatest
Secrets in Modern History, pre-publication edition, Crossing Point, Inc., PO Box
265, Crozet, VA 22932, 2001, p. 500.

21. Dolan, op. cit., pp. 459–60.
22. Greer, op. cit., p. 504.
23. Adamski, George, Inside The Space Ships, Abelard-Schuman, Inc., New York, 1955,
p. 47.

24. Personal interview, April 23, 1999.
25. Personal communication, February 3, 1999.
26. Personal interview, April 23, 1999.

27. In 1990, witnesses near Paris observed a giant UFO which carried a “zone of
silence” with it (Chapter 16).


28. “The Night We Stumbled Upon An Alien Base,” UFO Universe, Vol. 1, No. 5,
October/November 1991, pp. 52–4. This report was sent to the magazine via
Sandra L. Edison, publisher of Network Newsletter. Though the author did not
want her name associated with the story, Ms. Edison described the witness as “very
reliable and trustworthy.”

29. Keller, T. L., The Total Novice’s Guide to UFOs, 2FS (Publishing), LLC, PO Box
5481, Palm Springs, CA 92263-5481, 2010, pp. 139–152.

30. Hamilton III, William F., Cosmic Top Secret: America’s Secret UFO Program, Inner
Light Publications, Box 753, New Brunswick, NJ 08903, 1991, p. 85.


31. Ibid., p. 78.
32. Accessed in 2011 from Youtube.com (Steven Greer/William Pawelec).
33. On June 15, 2006, I was in Washington, D.C. A front-page article in that day’s

Washington Post got my attention: “Hawaiian Marine Reserve to be World’s
Largest.” President George W. Bush had announced plans to designate an island
chain covering roughly 1,400 by 100 miles northwest of Hawaii as a national
monument-the largest protected marine reserve in the world. The reserve would
have been nearly 140,000 square miles, an area nearly the size of Montana, to
which access would be strictly controlled. I immediately recalled the alien base
allegedly located within that area, and wondered if there was a connection.

35. It will be recalled that Barbara Beavers was told by the aliens on board a craft in
Yucca Valley, California, in November 1977 that the propulsion system included a
“cloud chamber consisting of plasma and electromagnetism” (Chapter 12). It is also
worth mentioning that research by physicists into plasma fields has been ongoing
officially for a number of years: “There is a wide range of possible applications of
plasma aerodynamics,” says Dr. Sergey B. Leonov, a professor at the Laboratory of
Experimental Plasma Aerodynamics, Russian Academy of Sciences. “Not all are
well-developed, but some are not far from practical realization . . .” (Aviation Week
& Space Technology, Vol. 173, No. 38, October 24/31, 2011, p. 78.)

34. Corso, Col. Philip J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket Books, Simon & Schuster,
New York, 1997, pp. 264–5, 268.

36. Personal interview, June 22, 2010.
37. Personal interview, June 24, 2010.


chapter sixteen: leviathans of theskies

1. “Memoirs of a Veteran Ufologist (1954–1999)” by Emily Crewe.
2. Dohan, Henry, UFOs: The Pawn of His Creator, published posthumously by David
R. Kammerer, 2008, p. 49.

3. RAF Northolt currently serves as home to No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron, and to
various official visitors, including British and Foreign Royalty, Heads of State and
Government Ministers, as well as military personnel of the British and Foreign
armed forces, in addition to civilian VIPs and various celebrities.
4.  Personal communication, September 29, 2009.
5.  Exmouth Herald, August 7, 1987.
6.  Ibid., August 14, 1987.
7.  Personal communications, 1987–89.
8.  Stewart, Ian, “UFO experts probe Notts night sights,” Nottingham Evening Post, 
December 14, 1987.

9.  Personal interviews, Paris, December 12, 2000, and Gretz-Armainvilliers, 
November 15, 2004.

10.  Haines, Dr. Richard and Guénette, Bernard, “A Large Stationary Object Above 
Montreal,” Alien Update, ed. Timothy Good, Avon Books, New York, 1995, pp. 
95–123.

11.  Greco, Dr. Samuel, “The Williamsport Wave,” Alien Update, ed. Timothy Good, 
Avon Books, New York, 1995, pp. 124–50.
12.  Personal communication, October 20, 1992.
13.  Personal communication from Squadron Leader J. A. Bartram RAF, Office of the 
Commander, Headquarters British Forces Cyprus, November 16, 1992.

14.  Letter from Judy Christodoulou, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 37, No. 3, Autumn 1992.
15.  Personal communication, November 12, 1992.
16.  Personal communication from Squadron Leader A. R. Legg MSc BEng RAF, 
Office of the Commander British Forces Cyprus, January 22, 2004.

17.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pegasus Books, 
New York, 2007, pp. 431–2.

18.  Personal communications, July 2008.
19.  Personal communication, January 7, 1998.
20.  Jasek, Martin, M.Sc., P. Eng., “Twenty-two-plus Witnesses Observe a UFO 
Larger than a Football Stadium,” UFO*BC Quarterly, Vol. 4, No. 4, Fall 1999, p. 1; 
ufobc.ca/yukon/22eventsum.htm.

21.  Kitei, Lynne D., MD, The Phoenix Lights, Hampton Roads, Charlottesville, VA 
22902, 2000/2004, pp. 1–2, 20, 23.

22.  Kean, Leslie, “Symington confirms he saw UFO 10 years ago,” Prescott Daily 
Courier, March 18, 2007.

23.  Kean, Leslie, UFOs: Generals, Pilots, and Government Officials Go on the Record, 
Harmony Books, New York, 2010, p. 262.
24.  Personal communication, March 27, 2010.
25.  Personal communication, June 11, 2011.
26.  Ledger, Don and Styles, Chris, Dark Object: The World’s Only Government-
documented UFO Crash, Dell, Random House, New York, 2001.

27.  Ledger, Don, Flying Triangular UFOs: The Monsters in our Skies, Halifax UFO 
International Conference, October 11, 2003. Available via donledger.com.

28.  Sirisena, Ananda, “UFO Sighted near British Nuclear Research Establishment,” 
UFO Matrix, Vol. 1, Issue 4, 2010.

29.  Shaffer, Kim, “Triangle Passes Over Man in Bristol, Tennessee,” 
mufontennessee.org (October 9, 2004).

30.  Personal communications, April 29 and May 29, 2005.
31.  Located 11 miles southwest of Cambridge, Bassingbourn Barracks served as an RAF 
station in World War II and as a bomber base of the U.S. Eighth Air Force. Currently 
it functions as a recruit training base and is home to the Army Training Regiment 
Bassingbourn and 2484 (Bassingbourn) Squadron Air Training Corps. The B-17 
Flying Fortress Memphis Belle was based there and Bassingbourn features in the film of 
that name. The Tower Museum is located in the original control tower.

32.  Martin, Andy, “Man About World,” The Independent on Sunday, December 19, 
2004.

33.  Murray, Ian, “The End of the Week,” Southern Daily Echo, December 10, 2004.
34.  Kean, op. cit., pp. 73–81.
35.  huffingtonpost.com, August 17, 2011.
36.  Joiner, Angelia, “Possible UFO sighting,” Stephenville Empire-Tribune, January 10, 
2008.

37.  Brown, Angela K., “Small Texas town abuzz over reported UFO sightings,” Seguin 
Gazette-Enterprise, January 15, 2008.

38.  Erdrich, Ronald W., “Frame by Frame: Unwelcome Visits,” ufocasebook.com.
39.  Joiner, Angelia, “UFO witness claims harassment,” Stephenville Empire-Tribune, 
February 3, 2008.

40.  Personal communication, February 22, 2010.
41.  “The Truth is Out There: Ghostly UFOs haunting Ross-Monmouth road,” Forest 
of Dean & Wye Valley Review, October 10, 2008.

42.  Personal communication, February 22, 2010.
43.  Forest of Dean & Wye Valley Review, October 10, 2008.
44.  Ibid., October 24, 2008. What this reader could not have known, since it was 
not reported in the issue of October 10, is that Finian Handley also saw the craft 
earlier that evening, in the presence of his passenger.

45.  Personal communication from Judith Relf BSc., February 22, 2010.
46.  Personal communication, August 4, 2011. Judith Relf contacted me after hearing a 
broadcast on August 3, in which Mike Sewell, a sports journalist for BBC Radio 5 
Live, described his encounter with a flying disc while driving through a village in 
Hertfordshire (see p. xx). Nicky Campbell later interviewed me on the same show.


chapter seventeen: exploitation

1.  According to an informed source, the USS Chicago is on the ocean floor 
somewhere near Rennell Island, straight south of Guadalcanal, about 165 miles 
from Cape Esperance, which is on the north shore of the northwest corner of 
Guadalcanal. “I don’t know exactly where the wreck of the Chicago is,” said my 
source, “but its position certainly isn’t visible from Cape Esperance.”

2.  A photograph of a craft similar in some respects to the description given by the 
Solomon Islanders to Marius Boirayon is reproduced in the plate section. The 
photograph was taken in Pescara in 1961 on the shores of the Adriatic coast by the 
science journalist Bruni Ghibaudi, a member of the Amicizia group.

3.  Boirayon, Marius, “The Dragon Snake: A Solomon Islands Mystery,” Nexus 
Magazine, Vol. 10. No. 5, August–September 2003.

4.  La Palma, one of the Canary Islands, has also attracted alien activity. Herr 
Schaffer, a Swiss engineer, related to me how in 1973 he had observed a fleet of 
flying saucers landing in the Caldera de Taburiente, once believed to be a huge 
crater but now known to be an enormous “mountain arch” area in the national 
park on the island. “First, two machines flew over me, about five or six hundred 
meters away,” he said. “I couldn’t move my legs and my skin tingled, after being 
struck by a greenish-blueish beam of light. I thought I was going to die. The 
machines landed below me, in the crater, where I noticed another six machines 
on the ground. They were all about 6.5 meters in diameter, aluminium-metallic, 
with antennae on top, large transparent domes, and three legs underneath. Later, 
when I could move again, I saw the impressions in the sand.” (Personal interviews, 
Lausanne, November 24/December 6, 1977.)

5.  Willie Durand Urbina and José A. Martínez (Project Argus), Inexplicata-The 
Journal of Hispanic Ufology, September 15, 2005. This account is based on the 
preliminary investigation.

6.  MUFON UFO Journal, No. 469, May 2007, p. 17. Based on a report by Lucy 
Guzman, translated by Scott Corrales.

7.  Report sent to me by Maria Rivera, September 5, 2009.
8.  Personal communication, September 8, 2009.
9.  Personal communication, November 2, 2011.
10.  Personal communication, September 8, 2009.
11.  Martín, Jorge, “I saw a man being kidnapped by extraterrestrials!,” EVIDENCIA 
OVNI No. 1, translated by Gordon Creighton and published in Flying Saucer 
Review, Vol. 42/4, Winter 1991, pp. 10–12.

12.  Chalker, Bill, Hair of the Alien: DNA and Other Forensic Evidence for Alien 
Abductions, Paraview Pocket Books, New York, 2005.

13.  The story first came to light in the April–June 1962 issue of the Brazilian SBEDV 
Bulletin and was reported by João Martins in O Cruzeiro, December 1, 1964.

14.  Creighton, Gordon, “The Amazing Case of Antônio Villas Boas,” in The 
Humanoids, edited by Charles Bowen, Neville Spearman, London, 1969, pp. 
200–38.

15.  “Foreign Forum: Brazil-New Light on a Sexual Abduction,” Probe, September 
1980, p. 79.

16.  Pablo Villarrubia Mauso, “Antônio Villas Boas: Total Abduction,” ufodigest.com 
2007.

17.  According to Yogi teaching, the solar plexus serves as an abdominal brain and 
emotional center.

18.  Jacobs, David M., Ph.D., The Threat, Simon & Schuster, New York, 1998, p. 20.


chapter eighteen: special forces

1.  Personal communication to CUFOS, November 29, 1999.
2. Jones, William E. and Watson, Eloise G., “Pre-World War II ‘Creature’ 
Retrieval?” International UFO Reporter, Vol. 26, No. 4, Winter 2001/2002.

3.  Wikipedia.
4.  Frey, C. E. and Neff, Earl J., “The Rand Corporation UFO Document,” Official 
UFO, Vol. 1, No. 4, November 1975, pp. 14–15, 50–1.

5.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pegasus Books, 
New York, 2007, pp. 199–200.

6.  Fowler, Raymond E., “What about Crashed UFOs?” Official UFO, Vol. 1, No. 7, 
April 1976, pp. 24–5, 54–8.

7.  Steinman, William S., with Stevens, Wendelle C., UFO Crash at Aztec: A Well Kept 
Secret, UFO Photo Archives, Tucson, Arizona, 1986, pp. 279–82. Revelatory new 
material proving the Aztec case is now published in The Aztec Incident: Recovery at 
Hart Canyon by Scott and Suzanne Ramsey. Copies are available from Aztec.48 
Productions, Mooresville, NC (see www.theaztecincident.com).

8.  ww2.nobelprize.com plus other Internet sources.
9.  Good, op. cit., p. 54.
10.  “M’Arthur Greets Mayor of Naples,” The New York Times, October 8, 1955.
11.  ww2.nobelprize.com. See also Secret History: And Why Barack Obama Must End It 
by Tony Brunt, Vailima Press, P.O. Box 163072, Lynfield, Auckland 1443, New 
Zealand, pp. 10–14.

12.  Prouty, L. Fletcher, The Secret Team: The CIA and Its Allies in Control of the United 
States and the World, Institute for Historical Review, Costa Mesa, CA 92627, 1973, 
p. 75.

13.  “Classified film of an alien being,” Leicester Mercury, October 13, 2008.
14.  Personal communication, February 10, 2009.
15.  Martín, Jorge, “Puerto Rico’s Astounding UFO Situation,” The UFO Report 1992, 
edited by Timothy Good, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1991, p. 105.

16.  In Chapter 15, I cited a source who related to a friend of mine that, within five 
years of working on a certain project at Area 51, six of his buddies had died of 
cancer.

17.  Personal communication, August 28, 2011.
18.  Personal communication, July 17, 1995.
19.  Personal communication, July 16, 2005.
20.  Personal communication, August 1, 2012.
21.  Personal communications, January 19, 2009 and October 9, 2011.
22.  Komarek, Ed, “ET Shoot-down Over Germany?” posted at 
www.ufodigest.com/news/1007/shoot-down.html, October 19, 2007.

23.  Good, op. cit., pp. 205–6.
24.  Prouty, op. cit., pp. vii–viii.
25.  Ibid., p. 3.
26.  “A Three Star General speaks for the record,” UFO Universe, October/November 
1991, p. 46.

27.  I officially assisted Congressman Schiff in his investigations into the Roswell 
case in 1994. With a background in law, he had served as a pilot with the 
rank of lieutenant colonel in the New Mexico Air National Guard. In 1993, 
when he took up the matter with the General Accounting Office, Colonel 
Larry Shockley, Deputy Director of Plans and Operations in the Secretary of 
Defense’s Congressional liaison office, warned the GAO investigator, “You’ve 
got no business getting into that.” Schiff died in office in 1998, after a sudden 
and virulent bout of skin cancer. (For additional information on the GAO 
investigation, see Need to Know.) I also officially assisted Congressman Solomon 
P. Ortiz for a considerable time, and in May 2003 supplied him and a number 
of interested Congressmen with a special briefing document I had prepared: 
Exempt from Disclosure: Military Intelligence Perspectives Pertaining to Intrusions 
of Unidentified Aerial and Submarine Craft, which I requested to be circulated 
among those associated with the House Armed Services Committee and relevant 
Committees and Subcommittees (e.g., Select Intelligence). And many years ago 
I also assisted Senator Robert C. Byrd (D-WV), via a Counsel to the Senate 
Appropriations Committee, with an official investigation into the subject. None 
of these investigations led anywhere. It is my understanding that those members of 
the Senate and House of Representatives who evince an interest in the problem are 
seriously “discouraged” from raising the matter officially.

28.  Accessed from Youtube.com (Steven Greer/William Pawelec) in 2011.
29.  Public Papers of the Presidents: Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960, pp. 1035–1040.
30.  Dolan, Richard M., and Zabel, Bryce, A.D. After Disclosure: The People’s Guide to 
Life After Contact, Keyhole Publishing Company, Rochester, New York 14692, 
2010, pp. 94–5.

31.  Richard Sauder’s three books are essential reading on these matters: Hidden 
in Plain Sight (Keyhole Publishing Co., 2010); Underwater and Underground 
Bases (Adventures Unlimited Press, 2001); and Underground Bases and Tunnels 
(Adventures Unlimited Press, 1995).
32.  Dolan and Zabel, op. cit., pp. 290–1.


chapter nineteen: what on earth?

1.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pegasus 
Books, New York, 2007, pp. 391–3. Regarding Air Force Office of Special 
Investigations-founded in 1948 and usually referred to as OSI-the 
department responsible for evaluating UFO reports allegedly is (or was) the 
Counterintelligence Division. Classified reports are said to be normally forwarded 
to the Special Access Division.

2.  The Standard, London, August 19, 1982.
3.  Corso, Col. Philip J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket Books, Simon & Schuster, 

New York, 1997, p. 54.

4.  Padula, Richard, “The day UFOs hovered over Fiorentina’s Stadio Artemio 

Franchi,” BBC World Service Sport, January 4, 2013.

5.  Huneeus, J. Antonio, “A Chilean Overview,” MUFON Journal, No. 218, June 1986.
EARTH

6. “A Three Star General speaks for the record,” UFO Universe, October/November 
1991, p. 47.

7.  Letter from George Adamski to Emma Martinelli, January 16, 1952.
8.  Miley, Michael, “Former U.S. Military Intelligence Officer Suggests Four ‘Alien’ 
Bases on Earth,” UFO Magazine, Vol. 13, No. 3, 1998, p. 7.

9.  Miley, Michael, “Room With An Alien View: Part II,” UFO Magazine, Vol. 13, 
No. 5, 1998, pp. 37–8.

10.  Dennett, Preston, “Project Redlight: Are We Flying The Saucers Too?” UFO 
Universe, May 1990, pp. 40–42, 59.

11.  Ronald Drucker (a pseudonym used by Robert F. Dorr), “Alaska’s UFO War,” 
UFO Report, Vol. 2, No. 6, Winter 1975, pp. 15–17, 52, 54, 56.

12.  Alexander, John B., UFOs: Myths, Conspiracies, and Realities, Thomas Dunne 
Books, St. Martin’s Press, New York, 2011, pp. 164–5.

13.  Breccia, Stefano, Mass Contacts, AuthorHouse UK Ltd., 2009, pp. 325–6.
14.  Good, Timothy, Alien Contact: Top-secret UFO Files Revealed, William Morrow & 
Company, Inc., New York, 1993, pp. 104–5.

15.  Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Pan 
Books, London, 1997, pp. 534–5.

16.  The sighting was first mentioned in Landslide: The Unmaking of the President, by 
Jane Meyer and Doyle McManus, and a follow-up report, based on interviews with 
Bill Paynter and Norman Miller, appeared in an article by Alan Smith and Ken 
Potter in the National Enquirer, October 11, 1988.

17.  openminds.tv/spielberg-confirms-reagan
18.  www.presidentialufo.com
19.  Speech by President Mikhail Gorbachev at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Moscow, 
February 16, 1987, published in Soviet Life (supplement), May 1987, p. 7A.

20.  Interview on Channel RAI TRE, “Che Tempo Che Fa,” October 29, 2006.
21.  Daily Mail (online), September 19, 2012.
22.  Neilsen, James (Anthony Kimery), “Gov’t. Source Describes UFO Brief,” UFO 
Magazine, Vol. 4, No. 2, 1989, p. 10.

23.  Letter from Linda Casey Poepsel, Assistant to President Bush, Office of George 
Bush, Houston, Texas 77024, July 2, 2003.

24.  Good, Timothy, Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence, Pegasus Books, 
New York, pp. 420–1.

25.  Prouty, L. Fletcher, The CIA, Vietnam and the Plot to Assassinate John F. Kennedy, 
Birch Lane Press, 1992, pp. 336–7.

26.  Good, Timothy, Alien Base: The Evidence for the Extraterrestrial Colonization of 
Earth, Avon Books, New York, 1999, pp. 138–9.

27.  Carlsen, Ragnvald Anders, Gensing Garden News, Denmark, November–December 
2009, p. 18.

28.  thinkquest.org
29.  Good, Alien Base, p. 139.
30.  Crewe, Emily, Memoirs of a Veteran Ufologist (1954–1999), given to me by the author.
31.  Dohan, Henry, UFOs: The Pawn of His Creator, published posthumously by David 
R. Kammerer (second, revised edition), 2008, P.O. Box 96701, Las Vegas, Nevada 
89193, p. 124.

32.  See The Last Days of Marilyn Monroe by Donald H. Wolfe, and Beyond Roswell by 
Michael Hesemann & Philip Mantle.

33.  Burleson, Donald R., Ph.D, “Marilyn Monroe & UFOs,” MUFON UFO Journal, 
No. 397, May 2001, pp. 5–6.

34.  “Harvey Jack McGeorge/Jimmy Carter Briefing,” supplied to the author in 
September 2003.

35.  Kwek, Glenda, “Out of this world: Russian region leader’s alien abduction story 
shakes officials,” May 6, 2010. (Internet)

36.  Robbie Graham, silverscreensaucers.blogspot.co.uk-May 17, 2012.
37.  Wikipedia.
38.  Robbie Graham, op. cit.
39.  Madsen, Wayne, “Obama’s Deep CIA Connections Revealed,” real-agenda.com-
May 29, 2011.

40.  “Americans favor Obama to defend against space aliens: poll,” Aerospace & Defense 
News, June 27, 2012.

41.  “Dmitry Medvedev muses on aliens and Vladimir Putin’s lateness,” The Telegraph, 
London (online), December 8, 2012.

42.  The Moscow Times, Issue 5032, December 11, 2012.
43.  Berliner, Don and Huneeus, Antonio, Unidentified Flying Objects Briefing 
Document: The Best Available Evidence, copyrighted and presented by the UFO 
Research Coalition, formed by the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), Fund for 
UFO Research (FUFOR) and the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), November 
1995.

44.  Les OVNI et la Défense: A quoi doit-on se preparer? An independent report by 
COMETA, published in VSD magazine, GS Press-Communications, 1999.

45.  Huneeus, Antonio, “The famous Rockefeller UFO Briefing Document,” 
September 3, 2010. openminds.tv/rockefeller-ufo-211

46.  Hansen, Terry, The Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up, 
Xlibris Corporation, 2000, p. 299.

47.  China Daily, August 27, 1985, translated for the author by Zhang Laigui, Air 
Attaché, Embassy of the People’s Republic of China, London, January 25, 
1986, who commented that he regarded the article as “an official statement and 
viewpoint of the Chinese government.”

48.  “China bids for the first world UFO conference,” Asian Times, London, June 14, 
1992.

49.  Harris, Paola Leopizzi, Connecting the Dots: Making Sense of the UFO Phenomenon, 
Wild Flower Press, 2003, pp. 42–7.

50.  Dolan, Richard M., and Zabel, Bryce, A.D. After Disclosure: The People’s Guide to 
Life After Contact, Keyhole Publishing Company, Rochester, New York 14692, 
2010, p. 253.

51.  Ibid., p. 251, citing “Extraterrestrial Life and Religion: The Alexander UFO 
Religious Crisis Survey” by Victoria Lacas, in UFO Religions, edited by James R. 
Lewis, Prometheus Books, 2003, pp. 359–370.

52.  “Harvey Jack McGeorge/Jimmy Carter Briefing.”
53.  Pisa, Nick, “There’s life on other planets says Pope,” Daily Express, London, May 
12, 2008.

54.  Good, Alien Base, pp. 136–8.
55.  Carlsen, Ragnvald Anders, Gensing Garden News, Denmark, November-December 
2009, p. 19.

56.  Letter from Stan Kelly-Bootle, London N2, The Sunday Times, March 2, 2008.
57.  Luke 1: 26–35, The New English Bible: New Testament, Oxford University Press/
Cambridge University Press, 1961.

58.  Luke 2: 9–15.
59.  Matthew 2: 9.
60.  John 8: 23.
61.  Acts 1: 9–11.
62.  Acts 22: 6–9.
63.  Kersten, Holger, Jesus Lived in India, Penguin Books, India, 2001.
64.  Petersen, John L., The Road to 2015: Profiles of the Future, The Arlington Institute, 
Arlington, West Virginia, 1994/1998, p. 329. The Institute’s current address is: 
P.O. Box 861, Berkeley Springs, West Virginia 25411.

65.  Fry, Dr. Daniel W., The White Sands Incident, Best Books Inc., Louisville, 
Kentucky 40218, 1966, pp. 70–71.

66.  Milner, Conan, “White House claims no extraterrestrials,” The Epoch Times, U.K. 

edition, November 30–December 6, 2011.
67.  Duper, Nikola, “The Story of ‘Friendship.’”
68.  Article by Mike Wall, SPACE.com senior writer, January 10, 2011.
69.  “Little green men, big red face,” in “Weird but wonderful,” The Sunday Times, 
April 11, 2010.

70.  Corso, Col. Philip J. (Ret.) with William J. Birnes, The Day After Roswell, Pocket 
Books, New York, NY 10020, 1997, p. 269.

71.  Bekkum, Gary S., “A Disturbing Tale: Why we may never see government UFO 
disclosure,” American Chronicle, June 30, 2009.

72.  U.S. Government Accounting Office, GAO/NSIAD-96-64, Defense Industrial 
Security.

73.  Bekkum, op. cit.
74.  Neilson, James (Anthony Kimery), “Secret US/UFO Structure,” UFO Magazine 
(U.S.), Vol. 15, No. 9, 2000, p. 28.

75.  Cervé, Wishar S., Lemuria: The Lost Continent of the Pacific, Supreme Grand 
Lodge of AMORC, The Rosicrucian Press, San Jose, California, Sixteenth 
Edition, 1980, pp. 256–76. Also recommended in this context is The Problem 
of Lemuria: The Sunken Continent of the Pacific by Lewis Spence, Rider & Co., 
London, 1935.
76.  Martin, K., “The Lemurians of Mount Shasta,” Fate, Vol. 60, No. 11, November 
2007, pp. 20–21.

77.  Jessup, M.K., The Case for the UFO, Citadel Press, New York, 1955; Bantam 
Books, New York, 1955.

78.  Farish, Lucius, “Contact With the Old Ones,” Fate, Vol. 54, No. 9, September 
2001.

79.  See The Comte de St. Germain: The Secret of Kings by Isobel Cooper-Oakley, Samuel 
Weiser Inc., New York, 1970. Originally published in Italy in 1912.

80.  Not all abductions necessarily have sinister motives. For example, many years 
ago Lt. Col. Wendelle C. Stevens (USAF, ret.) related to me a case, investigated 
by Jaime Rodriguez, involving José and his wife Graciola plus more than half 
a dozen Indian women in Ecuador who in the mid-1990s had been artificially 
impregnated (consciously, I recall) by aliens. The fetuses were removed after three 
months. Like the case of Julio Fernández, who in 1978 was taken on board a craft 
in Spain by humanoids (see Unearthly Disclosure), the beings in Ecuador claimed 
their race was declining due to a decrease of emotions. They explained what they 
were doing as they conducted the procedures. José and Graciola subsequently 
became very knowledgeable on many subjects and their psychic perceptions were 
stimulated. Scientists, psychologists, hypnotherapists, and a polygraph examiner 
were impressed by the witnesses’ testimony.

81.  Duper, op. cit.


===========================================================================
Acknowledgments

As ever, it would be impracticable to acknowledge all those who have 
contributed directly or indirectly to this book, but I would like to 
record my thanks in particular to the following (some now deceased):
John Axline and the Helena Independent Record; Bexley News Shopper; 
Birch  Lane  Press  and  the  Institute  for  Historical  Review;  Capt.  Ray 
Bowyer; Robert Bracken; Edward Bradley; Trevor Brookes and the Teesdale 
Mercury; Nicky Campbell and BBC Radio Five Live; The Carter Center; 
Billy  Cox  and  Florida  Today;  Gaspare  De  Lama;  Paolo  Di  Girolamo; 
Richard M. Dolan; Nikola Duper; the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential
 Library and Museum; Sandra L. Edison; Exeter Express & Echo; Fate 
Magazine; Flying Saucer Review; Becca Gliddon, Simon Horn, and the 
Exmouth Journal; Dr. Samuel D. Greco; Dr. Steven Greer; Jean-Gabriel 
Greslé; Leonard Griffie; Bill Hamilton; Finian Handley; John Hanson and 
Dawn Holloway; Tony Harnden and The Daily Telegraph; Mike Hathway, 
Victoria  Hawkes,  and  Copyprint  Bromley;  Huffington  Post;  David  M. 
Jacobs, Ph.D; Martin Jasek and UFO*BC; Gösta Johansson; Angelia Joiner 
and the Stephenville Empire-Tribune; William “Bill” Jones and the Center 
for UFO Studies (CUFOS); David R. Kammerer; Leslie Kean; Sam Kean 
and  Air  &  Space  Smithsonian;  Manuel  W.  Kirklin;  Linda  Ladysmithe; 
John Lear; Don Ledger; Denny Lombard; Tina Luton; Andy Martin and 

The Independent on Sunday; Jorge Martín; Mark McCandlish; Henry W. 
McElroy, Jr.; Gary McKinnon; The Ministry of Defence; Lt. Col. Gregory 
Molesworth; MUFON UFO Journal; NASA; James Neff; Amy O’Brien; 
Darren Perks; Maj. Hans C. Petersen; John L. Petersen; Nick Pope; Judith 
Relf; Tony Rose and the Nottingham Evening Post; Pamela Rossiter; Shane 
Ryan; Scottish Daily Record; Kim Shaffer; Roy Shaw; Ananda Sirisena; 
Brad Sorensen; Lt. Gen. Thomas P. Stafford; Glenn Steckling and the 
George Adamski Foundation; William Steinman; the Swiss Directorate 
of Military Aerodromes; Capt. Bill Uhouse; Willie Durand Urbina and 
José  A.  Martínez  of  Project  Argus;  U.S.  Air  Force;  Michael  Vladeck; 
Dorothee Walter; Ed Walters; Bruce and Priscilla Wetherill; Brig. Gen. 
Simon “Pete” Worden; Bryce Zabel.

I am especially indebted to the following: Carl Anderson, for extensive 
use of material from his rare book and from a public lecture; “Andy,” for 
his impressive account of an enormous craft, accompanied by smaller ones, 
observed for hours above a hotel in Cyprus; my partner Anne, for helpful 
advice, acting as interpreter during our two research trips to Italy in 2010, 
and for her photographs of Stefano Breccia and myself; Shawn Atlanti 
and Barbara Beavers, for the latter’s account of her experience in an alien 
craft; Håkan Blomqvist, the distinguished Swedish researcher, for kindly 
allowing me the use of much material from his book and articles on the 
disturbing encounters of Richard Höglund; Professor Stefano Breccia, for 
numerous extracts from his book and for unstintingly providing me with 
so many crucial new revelations relating to the Amicizia saga, during and 
following  my  two  visits  to  Italy;  Art  Campbell,  for  so  magnanimously 
sending me all his research material pertaining to President Eisenhower’s 
meeting with aliens at Holloman Air Force Base in 1955; Jonathan Caplan, 
QC, for his foreword; Emily Crewe, for input on new information relating 
to George Adamski; Leo Dworshak’s family for the use of a great deal of 
material from Leo’s book; Margaret Fry, for her friendship and support 
over the years and for generously sharing her reports on the Bexleyheath 
flying saucer landings; Col. Charles (“Chuck”) Halt, for new information 
relating to the Rendlesham Forest incident; Claiborne Hancock, editor-
in-chief and publisher at Pegasus Books, for his patience and support, as 
well as Maria Fernandez, book designer and typesetter, and Phil Gaskill, 
copyeditor, both also at Pegasus, for their exemplary professionalism in 
checking  my  manuscript  and  material  relating  thereto;  Pamela  Hand-
ford, for her revelations regarding the Apollo 11 landing; Paola Harris, 
for the manuscript by Lt. Col. Philip J. Corso describing his encounter 
with an alien being at the White Sands Missile Range; Tom L. Keller, 
for revelations by Ben Rich, and additional input; Jon “Andy” Kissner, for 
his many helpful insights; Ed Komarek, for his report on the U.S. Army 
shoot-down of a UFO in Germany and its subsequent recovery by the U.S. 
Air Force; Paul LaViolette, Ph.D., for permission to cite some revelatory 
material from his book; Andrew Lownie, my agent, for all his support 
over the last twenty-five years; Leonard Mantle, for his detailed report 
of encounters with an alien in central London; Bobby Mendoza and Josef 
Wanderka, for their credible tales from the Vienna Woods; Bob Oechsler, 
for his contribution regarding the Cosmic Journey project; Jim Oglesby, for 
extensive extracts from his book on encounters with unknown craft near or 
at Cape Canaveral, Florida, during the early years of the space program; 
Barry Potter, for much help with my chapter on the Dworshak brothers’ 
encounters; Maria M. Rivera, for her detailed accounts of the numerous 
intrusions-including abductions-which she and her family have endured 
for several years in Puerto Rico; Duncan Roads of Nexus magazine, for the 
reports by Marius Boirayon of an alarming alien situation in the Solomon 
Islands; Margaret Sheppard, for translations from Italian in connection 
with the Amicizia case; Fred Steckling, for the wealth of insights he gave 
me; Ian Taylor, for considerable input relating to his observation of a giant 
UFO seen by thousands in the Aberdeen area, a report of two Territorial 
Army recruits who encountered an alien being during an exercise, and new 
insights relating to spacecraft propulsion; “Thomas,” for the remarkable 
account of the year and a half he spent with a small team looking after 
two aliens at a British military base; Alan G. Tolman, for his accounts of a 
meeting with intelligence officials while employed by Douglas Aircraft and 
the dramatic description of a landed craft on George Adamski’s property in 
California; Dr. Milton J. Torres, for his unofficial report of an encounter 
with a large UFO off the East Anglian coast, released by the Ministry of 
Defence; Noe Torres and Ruben Uriarte, for extensive material from their 
book describing Col. Robert B. Willingham’s examination of a crashed 
alien craft and additional related material, also for Ruben’s input-together 
with Steven Reichmuth-on “flying humanoids”; Harold Varnam, for his 
reports on an indoctrination film relating to Roswell shown to his British 
Army colleagues plus a detachment of the U.S. Fifth Army in Germany, 
and an encounter with an unknown, low-level craft during a NATO exercise
 in Norfolk; Philip and Teresa Waterhouse, for the latter’s report on 
observations of a man-made flying disc and flying triangle during restricted 
airshows at two U.S. Air Force bases.

As always, my gratitude also extends to those who have helped but must 
remain anonymous.

=============================================
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Timothy Good is widely regarded as one of the world’s leading civilian 
authorities on alien phenomena, known for his integrity and determination
 as a highly skilled researcher. He has lectured at the Royal Canadian 
Military Institute, Royal Naval Air Station Portland, the House of Lords 
All-Party UFO Study Group, the Institute of Medical Laboratory Sciences
, and the Oxford and Cambridge Union societies. He also lectures 
frequently at schools. He was invited to discuss his subject at the Defense 
Airborne Reconnaissance Office at the Pentagon in May 1998, and at the 
headquarters of the French Air Force in 2002. He has also acted as consultant
 for several U.S. Congress investigations.

Good’s  first  book,  Above  Top  Secret (Sidgwick  &  Jackson,  1987), 
became an instant bestseller in the U.K. and Australia and was subsequently
 published by Morrow in the U.S. and in many other countries. 
Further books include Alien Liaison (Century, 1991), published in the 
U.S. as Alien Contact (Morrow, 1993); Alien Base (Century, 1998; Avon, 
1999); Unearthly Disclosure (Century, 2000); and Need to Know: UFOs, 
the Military & Intelligence (Sidgwick & Jackson, 2006; Pegasus Books, 
2007). Several of these titles became Sunday Times bestsellers. Four of 
Good’s books have a supportive foreword by Admiral of the Fleet The 
Lord Hill-Norton, former Chief of the Defence Staff and Chairman of 
the NATO Military Committee.

A member of the National Union of Journalists, Timothy Good has 
drawn some of his best evidence from the several thousand intelligence 
documents-many previously classified Top Secret-as well as compelling 
photos and inside information he has acquired over the years. As Sunday 
Times defense correspondent James Adams wrote: “The evidence that Good 
has amassed is too overwhelming to ignore. . . .”

Timothy Good is also a professional violinist. He was a member of the 
London Symphony Orchestra for fourteen years and has played with all 
London’s major orchestras. For twenty years he was involved mostly with 
feature films, television dramas and commercials, and recordings with pop 
musicians, including George Harrison, Elton John, Sir Paul McCartney, 
and U2. Nowadays he freelances mostly for chamber and symphony orchestras
. He is a member of the Royal Society of Musicians.


=========================================================================
INDEX

A
abductions (see aliens)
Abernathy, Ralph, 172
Adamski, George, 56, 60, 96, 102, 

103, 106, 107, 108–110, 113, 
207–210, 223, 224, 237, 256–257, 
257–258, 260, 263, 265–266, 
284–285, 373, 375–376, 382–383, 
383–384, 393–394
Adriatic Sea, 218–219
Aerojet General Corporation, 420
Aeronca Champion, 120
AH-1G Huey Cobra, 229
air disasters

June 3–8, 1951, 116
January–June 1954, 116–117
1952–1956, 117

Air Force One (see U.S. Air Force)
Air Ministry (U.K.), 72, 73
Air National Guard, 381
Air Traffic Control (U.K.), 312
AJ-1 Savage, 315
Akrotiri Sovereign Base Area (Cyprus), 296
“Alan,” 293–297
“A–lan,” 420
Alaskan “UFO war,” 377
Albuquerque Tribune, 409

Aldrin, Edwin E. “Buzz,” 235, 239
Alemán Valdés, President Miguel, 45, 46
Alex R. & Annemarie, 270–273
Alexander, John B., 377
Alexander, Victoria, 392
alien bases

Adriatic Sea, 194, 201
Alaska, 275, 375–376
Ascoli Piceno, Italy, 194, 196, 

199–200

Asia, 275
Australia, 275
Bahamas, 168–169, 170–171
Bologna, Italy, 200
Caribbean Sea, 275
Central America, 196
Chile, 217
Guadalcanal/Solomon Islands, 319–327
La Palma, Canary Islands, 431
Manzano Mts., New Mexico, 275, 381
Mars, 96
Mexico, 284–285, 373
Milwaukee Seamounts (off Hawaii), 275
Monongahela National Forest, West 

Virginia, 275

Montesilvano, Italy, 202
Monti Sibillini, Italy, 201

4 4 5



Ortona–Rimini, Italy, 219
Pescara, Italy, 197
Puerto Rico, 327–40
Russian confirmation of, 389
San José Perua, Mexico, 373
Venus, 94

aliens

abductions by, 321, 331–332, 336, 

337–338, 342–346, 346–347, 
375, 437
hypnotic regression, 342
operations by, 334
samples taken, 341–342, 343
sexual acts with, 341–342, 343
“night paralysis,” 346–347
agendas of, 12, 17, 18, 19, 24, 
30, 56, 150–151, 338, 347, 
at Los Alamos National Laboratories, 216, 

254–255

bacteria & viruses, experiments with, 372
bathroom facilities of, 16
cars used by, 30, 173, 176, 178, 

214–215

cellular regeneration by, 29
cleansing/disinfecting apparatus of, 221, 
“cloaking” by, 323
clothing worn by, 4, 5, 9, 10, 

11, 12, 26, 35, 79, 111, 
133, 134–135, 136, 166, 177, 
180, 184, 189–190, 221–222, 
226, 359, 376, 387, 402, 403

colonization by, 94, 157–158
conflicts between, 195
craft, appearance of 3, 4, 5, 

7, 11–12, 13–14, 
15–17, 26, 42, 49, 
65–66, 68, 69–71, 76, 
78, 79, 81, 84, 86–87, 
132–133, 147, 329, 335, 339, 
customs of, 222
deaths attributed to, 22–23, 357
defensive system of craft, 278
DNA analysis of hair, 342
fear induced by, 301
financial problems with, 202–203
foods/liquids consumed by, 16, 151, 

152, 358–359, 372

hair sample of, 340–341, 342
healing by, 87, 112, 168, 309, 

334–335

heating up of the oceans by, 373
hybridization by, 336, 370–371, 372, 

397–398, 406

implants used by, 201–202, 335
infiltration of, 18, 101–102, 111, 

178, 260–261, 373

injuries/sickness caused by, 322, 338, 

345, 357

invisible barriers put up by, 12, 5, 

6–7, 8, 9, 132–133, 
language converter, 190
languages spoken by, 12, 73, 150, 

168, 222, 359

levitation by, 167, 171, 187–188
lighting created by, 13–14, 16, 

19, 20, 22, 199, 206, 277

localized silence produced by, 5, 11, 

26, 41, 273

longevity of, 19, 102, 109, 156, 186, 
manipulation of matter by, 200–201
manipulation of weather by, 377, 413
mating, 221
meetings with NASA, 234
mind control by, 178–179
mining activities of, 326
murders by, 321
official meetings with, 49–50, 

54–55, 56–58, 59, 382, 
383–384, 398–399

operations by, 175, 334
origins of, 12–13, 30, 79, 153, 
overpopulation of Earth, on, 153, 406
paralysis rendered by, 8, 17, 
35, 36, 84, 85, 329–330, 
333–334, 340, 402, 431

“payment” by, 202–203
perception tests by, 191
physiognomy of, 11, 13, 26–27, 



INDEX33, 35–36, 39, 79, 
102–103, 105, 122, 134–135, 
149, 166–167, 170, 171, 
172, 177, 185–186, 189–190, 
196, 200, 215–216, 216–217, 
220–221, 226, 245, 255, 275, 
322, 329–330, 339–340, 341, 
343, 355–356, 359, 372, 376, 
387, 402, 403, 418

piloting an alien craft, 278
pollution of Earth, on, 24, 150, 154
prevention of nuclear war by, 203
psychic perceptions enhanced by, 437
public reaction to aliens in our midst, 

396–398, 399–400

recovery of, 46, 131, 144, 378, 382
samples from, 122
sanitization by, 15–16, 20, 189
sign language used by, 166–167
symbols used by, 113, 147, 168, 170, 
technology of, 7, 20, 16–17, 

20, 26, 31, 34, 79, 
81–82, 88–90, 90–93, 
137–138, 147, 148, 185–186, 
190, 203–209, 211, 254, 
260, 265–266, 277–278, 314, 
344–45

telepathic communications with, 8, 

13, 15, 27–28, 29, 30, 
31, 83–84, 98, 99, 
102–104, 134, 149–150, 185, 
188, 189, 197, 201–202, 275, 
330–331, 334, 340, 357, 358, 
“tele-transportation” by, 202
Top Secret Russian files on, 389
translating devices of, 76, 190
weaponry of, 371
U.S. reasons for withholding information 

on, 392–393

weather manipulation by, 10, 413

alien craft simulators, 253–255
“Alien Reproduction Vehicle” (ARV)/Flux 

Liner, 265

“Alien Visitation Craft” (AVCs), 274
A-Link Aviation, 253–254

Allen, Franklin, 57
Allen, Steve, 313–314
“Alternative Committee,” 60
“Alternative Space Craft” (ASC), 247
American Eagle, 328
Amicizia/W56, xxv, 101, 110, 

193–225, 278, 374, 378, 398–399, 
406–407

“anchors,” 205–206
Anderson, Carl, 83–90, 227, 233
Anderson, Loftin, 173, 177
Anderson, Stella, 84, 87, 112
Andrew, Allene, 349
Andrew, Lucile, 348
Andrews, Maj. Mike, 363–364
“Andy,” 293–296, 297–298
“angel hair/glitter,” 374
Anglo-American agreement on alien situation, 

367–368

Anglo-American incidents, 360–362
Anglo-American secret treaty, 367
“aniae,” 201, 204
Anomaly Physical Evidence Group (APEG), 
anonymous three-star general, 375
Antarctica, 158
Antelope Valley, California, 272
“Anthill, The,” 273
“antigravity propulsion,” 249
Apollo program, 251
Apollo 8, 237
Apollo 10, 237, 244, 246
Apollo 11, 235, 238, 239
Apollo 14, 400
Apollo–Soyuz Test Project, 244
Archives for UFO Research (Sweden), 421
Area 51, 254, 259–260, 264, 432
Argent, Jacqueline, 75
Arlington Institute, The, 396
Armageddon, 178
Armstrong, Neil A., 235, 236, 237, 238, 

239, 380

Arnold, Kenneth, 38, 95
Art Bell Radio Show, 101, 425
Associated Press, 58, 315
astral body, 347
“astral projection,” 347

Astronautics Laboratory, 249
Atkinson, William Walker, 423
Atlanti, Shawn, 188, 421
Atlantis, 158, 179
Atomic Energy Commission (AEC,) 259
Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE), 

U.K., 67, 307, 308

auras, 421
Aurigny Air Services, 311
Aurora project, 137
Australian Parliament, 110
Aviation Report, 257
Aviation Week, 259
Avrocar VZ-9AV, 258, 259
A. V. Roe Ltd., 258
Avro Vulcan, 148
Axline, Jon, 413
Azhazha, Dr. Vladimir, 236
Aztec culture, 152
Aztec, New Mexico, 351, 432
Aztlan, Central America, 158

B
BAe Jetstream, 313
B-2A Spirit, 138
B-17 Flying Fortress Memphis Belle, 430
B-47 Stratojet, 116, 119

simulator, 253

B-52 Stratofortress, 232
Bahamas, 168–169, 170–171
Baiata, Maurizio, 420
Baker, Dr. David, 235
Baker, Gordon, 286–287
Baker, Gloria, 286–287
Baker, James A. III, 380
Baker, Jon, 228, 230
Balducci, Monsignor Corrado, 392
Ball, Lucille, 381, 385
“balls of light,” 326
Barbatelli, Teresa, 215
Barker, Ray, 269
Bartram, Sqn. Ldr. J. A., 296–297
bases (see aliens)
Bassett, Stephen, xxii
Bassingbourn Barracks, U.K., 310–311
Baumgartner, Felix, 415
BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation), 
270

BBC News, xviii
BBC Radio 1, 387
BBC Radio 5 Live, xx
Beabey, Keith, 411
Bean, Alan, 244
Beavers, Barbara, 188–192
Bedonwell Primary School, Bexleyheath, 

69, 70, 71

Beijing UFO Research Society, xxi
Bekkum, Gary S., 400–401
Belafonte, Harry, 172
Bell Aircraft, 257
Bell, Art, 250
Bendix Corporation, 228
Berkner, Dr. Lloyd V., 96–97
Berliner, Don, 390
Bethesda Naval Hospital (see U.S. Navy)
Bethurum, Truman, 223
Bible, The, 110, 156, 157–158, 

392–393

Binder, Otto, 235
biological weapons, 376
Bird, Joan, 413
Birnes, William J., 335
Black budget, 368
“black Cadillacs,” 173, 178
“Black projects,” 368
Blomqvist, Håkan, 165, 166, 170–171, 

173, 174, 175–177, 178, 180

Blue Gemini satellites, 276
Blue Islands airways, 313
“Bobby,” 76–77
Boeing Airplane Co., 220, 273, 290, 309
Boeing 747, 220, 300, 301, 378
Boeing/Sikorsky RAH-66 Comanche, 247
Boirayon, Marius, 319–327
Bolden, Charles, 251
Boni, Gigi, 374
Boord, Master Sgt. Robert, 52
Borderland Sciences Research Associates, 

57, 255

Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, 

255, 260

Borega, Master Sgt. Leo, 52
Bowley, Omar, 227–228
Bowyer, Capt. Ray, 311–313



INDEXBracken, Robert, 258–259
Bradley, Edward, 304–305
“Breakaway Group,” 369
Breccia, Prof. Stefano, xxv, 193, 194, 
195, 199, 200–209, 210–211, 212, 
215, 217–220, 221, 222–224, 
277–278

British Aerospace, 273
British Army, 354

Army Air Corps, 298
Army Emergency Reserve (AER), 360
Army Training Regiment Bassingbourn, 
Byrd, Sen. Robert C., 433

C
C-54 Skymaster, 365
C-82 Packet, 116
C-119 Flying Boxcar, 116
C-141 Starlifter, 364
C-Falke-70, 239
CH-46 Sea Knight, 118
caduceus symbol, 136, 420
Cagliostro, Alessandro, 406
Caldera de Taburiente, La Palma (Canary 

Islands), 431

1st Battalion Parachute Regiment, 

Calvine, Scotland (photos & sightings), 

361–362

2nd Coldstreams, 361
4th Armoured Division, 360
“Greensward 1” exercise, 360–362
Stanford Training Area (STANTA), 360
Territorial Army (TA), 259–260

British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), 
British Forces Cyprus 296, 297
British Medical Board, 72
British Telecom, 195
Britten-Norman BN-2a Trislander, 311
Broadlands Estate, Hampshire (U.K.), 384
Brookes, Trevor, 411
Brookings Institute, 57
Brooks, Mr., 5–6
Brown, Angela K., 430
Brown, Senator the Hon. G., 110
Brown, Thomas Townsend, 256, 257
Brown, Tommy, 226
Bruni, Georgina, 412
Brunt, Tony, 432
Bulganin, Marshal, 47
Bullock, Mark, 100
Buncombe, Andrew, 239–240
Burgess, Guy, 152
Burleson, Donald R., 435
Burroughs, Airman First Class John, xvii
Bush, President George H. W., 381
Bush, President George W., 240, 244, 381, 
Bush, Dr. Vannevar, 87, 96
Business International Corporation, 388

xxii–xxiv

Cameron, Grant, 380
Cameron, Prime Minister David, 426
Campbell, Art, 46, 47–48, 50, 

52, 54, 55, 59, 60, 415
Campbell, Nicky, xx, 430
Campbell, Glenn, 378
Canada, Ben, 232–233
Canada Ranch, Florida, 232–233
Cape Canaveral, Florida, 129, 226–227, 

230, 231

Cardeni, Lt. Robert, 362–363
Carlsen, Ragnvald A., 383, 434
Carnegie Hall, 103
Carr, Dr. Robert S., 45
Carter, President Jimmy, 117, 130, 385, 

385–386, 392

Cassiopeia, 79
Cattlemen’s Association, 233
cattle mutilations, 154–155
Caumartin, Pierre, 291
Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), 348, 

349, 435

Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 51, 

101, 106–107, 109, 173, 174, 179, 
239, 240, 244, 354, 365, 366, 367, 
371, 376, 377, 385
“High Cabal,” 366
Intelligence Digests, 107
National Photographic Interpretation Center

 (NPIC), 245

Obama, alleged family connections with, 
449


Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI), 
The Durant Report, 367

Central Processing Unit (CPU), 276
Centri Studi Clipeologici, Turin, 39
Centro Ufologico Nazionale, 223
Cernan, Eugene, 244
Cervé, Wishar S., 402
CFB Longue-Pointe military base, 291
CF-100 Canuck, 259
CH-46 Sea Knight, 118
“Chakras,” 191
Chalker, Bill, 340–342
Channel RAI TRE (Italy), 434
Chaparral anti-aircraft missiles, 363
Chatelain, Maurice, 235
Cheney, Vice President Dick, 381
Cherchen glacier, Italy, 40
Cherwell, Lord, 418
Chesler, Lou, 173
Chile

Amicizia component, 217
Chilean Navy, 217
Friendship Island, 217
Mytilus, 217
National TV UFO series, 217

China xix–xx, xx–xxi

Beijing UFO Research Society, xxi
China Association for Science & Technology

, 391

China UFO Research Association, 391
Chinese Academy of Sciences, xxi
Chinese drones/UAVs, xxi
Scientific conference on UFOs (1985), 391
Shuttle program, 251
UFO sightings, xix–xx, xx–xxi
“Chinese lanterns,” xxi, xxv, 317
Chirac, President Jacques, 390
Christ, 110, 157, 171, 338, 395–396
Christodoulou, Judy, 429
Churchill, Sir Winston, 114, 115, 418
Civil Air Patrol (CAP), 120, 141, 249
Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), 311, 313
Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), 19
Clark, Jerome, 95
Clarke, David, xviii
Clarke Electronics, 257
Clarke, Joy, 74
Clarke, Vic, 68
Clarkson, James E., 415
Clementine (spacecraft), 250
Clinton, President Bill, 390, 408, 409
CNES (National Centre for Space Studies), 
Code Orange, 142–161
Coe, H. Albert, 94, 97, 101–102
Cold War, 115, 126, 356, 367, 390
Collyns, Robin, 417
colonization of Earth (see aliens)
COMETA, 390–391, 435
Communist Party of Great Britain, 152
Concepción, Martín, 332
Conrad, Charles, 244
Conrad, Col. Theodore, xviii–xix
Contact U.K., 67
Convair aircraft company, 257
Cooper, Maj. L. Gordon, 241–243, 425
Cooper-Oakley, Isobel, 437
Copping, Jasper, xviii, xix
Corrales, Scott, 431
Corsicana Air Field, Texas, 120
Corso, Col. Philip J., 131–136, 239, 240, 

276, 373, 400

“Core Story,” 400–401
“Cosmic Journey,” 243–248
Council on Foreign Relations, 354, 377
Covert Operations, 366
Cow Bay, Halifax, 305–306
Cox, Billy, 124, 128, 226–227
Crabb, Riley Hansard, 255
Crain, June, 52
crash/retrievals of alien craft, 349–350
Aztec, New Mexico (1948), 46, 351
Colorado (early 1960s), 124
Langtry, Texas (1955), 119–122
Laredo, Texas (1948), 46
nr. Dallas, Texas (mid-1960s), 124
nr. Ramstein AFB (1974), 363–365
Plains of San Augustin, New Mexico 

(1947), 46

Roswell, New Mexico (1947), 144, 

147–148, 154, 156, 161

Creighton, Gordon, 40, 80
Crewe, Emily, 284, 384



INDEXCro-Magnon humans, 94
Crown Prosecution Service (U.K.), 426
Cruft, Benedict, 30
“CTRs,” 217–218, 219, 220, 225, 278
Cuba missile crisis, 383
Cyprus, 293–297

D
Daily Telegraph, The, xv, 389
D-21 spy drone, 137
DH Vampire, 145
Darby, Ed, 47
DDT, 6
Deadman, Ron, 68
Deaver, Michael K., 380
Debus, Kurt H., 228
De Carlo, Giancarlo, 194, 223
Defence Intelligence Staff (U.K.), xxiii–xxiv
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency 

Dorr, Robert F., 377
Douglas Aircraft Company, 106, 273, 350

Skyrocket, 106

Dowding, Lord Hugh, 384
Dowling, Kevin, 424
“Dragon Snake,” 319–322, 323–324
Dragon spacecraft, 251
Draper, Maj. William, 46–47
Drew, Dr. Horace, 342
Driberg, Tom, 152–3
Drones, xxi
drug smuggling, 376
Dudek Salon, 104
Dudka, Prof. Jósef, 104
Dunham, Stanley Ann, 388
Duper, Nikola, 194, 398, 406–407
Durand Urbina, Willie, 327–328
Durant, Frederick C. III, 367
Dworshak, Leo, 3–24, 26, 189, 

(DARPA), 248–249

190, 406

Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office 

Dworshak, Mike, 3–21, 26, 189, 

(DARO), 371

De La Fuente, Oscar, 217
De Lama, Gaspare, 195, 224–225
De Havilland (Canada), 259
Dennett, Preston, 376
DH Sea Venom, 145
DH Vampire, 116, 117
Desert Christ Park, California, 188
Desert Hot Springs, California, 83, 86, 

383–384

Diamond, Henry, 390
diamonds, 203
didactical methodology, 195
Di Girolamo, Prof. Paolo, 195, 422
“Dimpietro,” 198, 212–215, 221
Direktion der Militärflugplätze, Switzerland, 
Discovery Wings Channel, 247
Distant Early Warning (DEW) radar system, 
Disclosure Project, 367
Dobbs, David, 427
Dohan, Henry, 109–110, 157, 285, 

384, 395, 396

Dolan, Richard, 263–265, 369, 392
Doppelgänger, 218
E
Eastman-Kodak (Rochester, N.Y.), 382
Echevarria, Mayor Luís A., 332
Ecuador (see abductions)
Edison, Sandra L., 428
Edison Society of Italy, 43
Edwards, Lt. Col. George, 258
Edwards, Lt. Col. Roy Jack, 117–118, 

125, 130

Edwards, Earl Frank, 117
Edwards, Frank, 415
Edwards, John, 47
Einstein, Prof. Albert, 138–139
Eisenhower, President Dwight D., 

45–47, 48, 49–50, 52–53, 
55–60, 97, 114, 115, 255, 
368–369, 373, 378

electrical interference, 192
electrohydrodynamics, 256
electromagnetism, 184–185, 190
Electric Propulsion Study, 249
electrostatic charge/power, 14, 89, 92, 

204, 209, 257–258

Enewetak Atoll, 59

English Electric Canberra, 117, 145
environmental pollution, 150
Epoca, 43
Erdrich, Ronald W., 314, 430
Erith Observer & Kentish Times, 67
Esposito, Prof. Larry, 99–100
E.T.-The Extraterrestrial, 379–380
“Etherians, The,” 57
Europa Palace Hotel, Anacapri, 236, 238
European Space Agency (ESA), 239
Evans, Michael, 129
Experimental Flight Test Engineering Division

, 241

Expo ’92, 248
extrasensory perception (ESP), 139, 254
Extraterrestrial Biological Entities (EBEs), 
F
F-4 Phantom, 51, 362, 365
F-8 Meteor, 281–282
F-14 Tomcat, 356
F-16 Fighting Falcon, 301, 314, 315
F-47 Thunderbolt, 118
F-51/P-51 Mustang, 116, 118
F-80 Shooting Star, 116
F-82 Twin Mustang, 116
F-84 Thunderjet, 116, 118, 119
F-86 Sabre, 116, 118, 119, 259
F-86D Sabre, 126, 127, 244
F-100C Super Sabre, 117–118, 130
F-102 Delta Dagger, 381

simulator, 253

F-106A Delta Dart, 229
F-117A Nighthawk, 136, 137
Falcon 9 rocket, 251
Farish, Lucius, 403–404, 405
“faster than light,” 30
Father Ra Paz (“Rapas”), 169–170, 171, 
Fazio, Fabio, 380
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), 

100, 293

Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 108, 

109, 385

Feindt, Carl W., 412
Feld Productions, Inc., 248
Fell, Edward, 290
Fernández, Julio, 191, 437
Ferrando, J. L., 425
fiber optics, 131
Filer, Maj. George A., 426
Filer’s Files, 426
“Flaming Pumpkinseed,” 264
Fleet Air Arm (see Royal Navy)
“Flux Liner,” 265
“flying humanoids,” 210–212
Fontes, Dr. Olavo, 343, 345
Ford Foundation, 388
Forrest, Barbara, 287–288, 289
Forrest, Brett, 287–288, 289
Fort Eustis Museum, Virginia, 259
Foster, Bud, 247
Fowler, Raymond E., 351
fractal analysis, 195
“Franco,” 225
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 239
Freeman, Vice-Adm. C. S., 107
French Air Force, 290
Frey, C. E., 350
“Fritz Werner,” 351
Frost, John, 258
Fry, Daniel, 223, 420
Fry, Margaret, 64–73
Fry/Costello, Steve, 64, 67, 72
Fumoux, Jean-Charles, 215
Fund for UFO Research, 435
Funes, Father José, 393

G
Gairy, Sir Eric, 241
Galbraith, Ambassador Evan, 390
Galbraith, Marie, 390
“Gallarate,” 198
Gallo, Col. Antony J., Jr., 353
Gemini VI, 244
Gemini IX, 244
General Administration of Civil Aeronautics, 

Chile, 375

Genesis, Book of, 215
Geneva Summit (1985), 380
George Adamski Foundation, 417, 440
George C. Marshall Space Flight Center, 88
Ghibaudi, Bruno, 195, 218, 224, 430



INDEXGiancarlo, 195, 197, 201, 203, 223
Gibbons, Dr. John H., 391
Gillespie Field, California, 58
Giulio, 195, 196, 199
Glantz, Tryggwe, 170, 171
Gleason, Jackie, 378
Glen Arven Country Club, 55
Glenn Martin Company, 257
Gliddon, Becca, xvi
Gloster Meteor, 116, 145, 280
God, 222, 392
Godfrey, Arthur, 47–48, 414–415
gold, 158, 190, 202
Gorbachev, President Mikhail, 380–381
Gordon, Stan, 292
gravity, 256–257
Great Depression, 19
Greco, Dr. Samuel D., 292, 293
Green, Gabriel, 56
“green time,” 134
Greenford Police Station, Middlesex, 286
Greenwood, Andrew, 74, 75
Greer, Alan, 143
Greer, Dr. Steven M., 236, 253, 274, 367
Greslé, Jean-Gabriel, 290
Gribkov, Gen. Anatoly, 383
Griffith, Ambassador, 241, 243
Griffiths, Ed (test pilot), 116
Groom Dry Lake, Nevada, 259
Ground-Controlled Interception (GCI), 127, 
Guadalcanal (Solomon Islands), Battle of, 
Guénette, Bernard, 291
Guillermo, M. Elizalde, 45
Gunston, Bill, 420
Gup, Ted, 48
Guzman, Lucy, 431

H
Hagerty, James, 47, 48
Haines, Dr. Richard F., 290–291
Halifax UFO International Symposium 

(1993), 305

Halt, Col. Charles I., xvii, xviii–xix
Hamilton, Bill, 273–274
Hamilton-Holt, Rev. Turner, 349

Hamilton-Patterson, James, 419
Hampshire Police, 311
Handford, Pamela, 237–239
Handley, Finian, 315–317, 430
Handley, Vernon (“Tod”), 315
Handley Page Victor, 148
Hankinson, Frances Dworshak, 21
“Hanoi Hilton,” 52
Hans, 193, 224, 277
Hansen, Terry, 391
Hanson, John, 67–68, 69, 71
harassment of witnesses, 367
Hare, Donna, 236–237
“Harmonious,” 403–405, 406
Harmonious Society, 406
Harnden, Toby, 411
Harris, Paola L., 392, 420
Harrison, Dr. Albert, 399–400
Hartman, Dr., 168
Hastings, Sir Max, 47
Hastings, Robert L., 412
Hawaiian Marine Reserve, 428
Haydn, Franz Joseph, 406
“hearing voices,” 83–84
Hearst Papers, 57
Heidelberg University, 90
Heiden, Richard W., 414
Helendale Avionics Facility, 273
“Helen M.,” 305–307
Hellyer, The Hon. Paul, 240
Helms, Paul Roy, 58
Henderson, Bruce, 425
Henderson, Neil, xviii
Hennes, Henry Harvey, 106–107
Hesemann, Michael, 435
Higgins, José, 180
“High Cabal,” 366
Hillenkoetter, Rear Adm. Roscoe, 240
HMAS Canberra, 321
Hoffman, Michael, 419
Höglund, Gunver, 166, 169, 172, 174, 

175, 176, 177

Höglund, Richard, 165–180, 197, 373
Holder, Attorney General Eric, 426
Holloway, Dawn, 67–68, 69
“hologram disc,” 191
Honey, Carol, 97

Hopkins, Grp. Capt. H. E., 141
Hördl forest, Vienna, 78
Huffington Post, xxii
Hughes Aircraft, 97, 156
Hull, Cordell, 348–349
humankind as a genetic experiment, 

392–393

Humphrey, George H., 46, 55
Huneeus, Antonio, 374–375, 390
Hunt, Mike, 259
Hunt Williamson, George, 223
hybridization (see aliens)
Hydro-Quebec Longue-Pointe power station, 
Hynek, Dr. J. Allen, 51

I
IBM Global Services, 136
Ifologiska sallskapet (Sweden), 169
Ilyumzhinov, President Kirsan, 386–387
implants (see aliens)
Independent on Sunday, The, 309
India, sightings in, xxi
infiltration (see aliens)
Institute for National Security Studies, 396
integrated circuit chips, 131
Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBMs), 
International Hilton Bonaventure Hotel, 291
International Space Station (ISS), xxv, 251
“Iso Khan,” 181–188, 265–266
Israel, Gen. Kenneth R., 371

J
Jacobs, Dr. David M., 347, 370
Jacques, Doris, 70
Jafr (Jordan) hoax, 400
Japan Air Lines, 300, 378
“J–Rod,” 255,
“Jarod-2,” 378
Jasek, Martin, 300–301, 429
“Jason,” 403
Jessup, M. K., 405
Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), 100
Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, xx–xxi
John F. Kennedy Space Center, 228
Johannis, Prof. R. P., 34–40
Johnson, Clarence “Kelly,” 137
Johnson, Don, 56
Joiner, Angelia, 313, 314–315
Joint Air Reconnaissance Intelligence Centre 

(U.K.), xxiii

Joint Chiefs of Staff (U.S.), xxii, 371, 374, 
Joint Intelligence Committee (U.K.), 115
Joint Research & Development Board, 96
Jones, William “Bill,” 349
“Joseph,” 319, 320, 322, 324
Jung, Dr. Carl G., 102
Juno 2 spacecraft, 111
Jupiter, 31, 192

K
Kammerer, David R., 435
Karlsruhe airbase, Germany, 355, 360
Kazentsev, Dr. Aleksandr, 236
KC-135 Stratotanker, 364
Kean, Leslie, 302, 311
Kean, Sam, 100
Keel, John, 178
Keller, Tom, 136–139, 273
Kelly, Larry, 233–234
Kelly, Paul, 312
Kelly, Pauline, 75
Kelly-Bootle, Stan, 436
Kennedy, President John F., 255, 382–383, 

383–384, 384–385, 387, 413 

Kennedy, Robert F., 131, 385 
Kennedy Space Center, 227, 228 
Kersten, Holger, 396
Keyhoe, Maj. Donald E., 46, 116, 249 
KGB, 152, 176, 350
infiltration of Sweden by, 175 
Khoury, Peter, 340–342
Killdeer, North Dakota, 3, 5–6, 20 
Kilgallen, Dorothy, 385
Kimery, Anthony L., 381
King, Martin Luther, 172
King, Coretta, 172
Kingman, Arizona incident, 351, 427 
Kirchgessner, Robert, 243
Kirklin, Airman Manuel W., 49–50 
Kirlian photography, 191, 420 
Kissinger, Dr. Henry A., 353–354



INDEXKissner, Jon “Andy,” 116
Kiteo, Lynne D., 429
Kittinger, Col. Joseph W., 50–52, 415
Kocher, George, 351
Koine Greek Gospels, 395
Komarek, Ed, 363, 364
Koran, The, 158
Korean War, 21, 46, 106
Kremlin, The, 380
Kriegsmarine Kommando (Holland), 361
Kwek, Glenda, 387

L
Laboratory of Experimental Plasma Aero-

dynamics (Russian Academy of Sciences), 
“Lange Jan,” 361, 362
Lansky, Meyer, 173
La Palma, Canary Islands, 431
Largent, Robert R., 357–359
Larkin, Prof. Edgar L., 402
Laroche, Marcel, 291
Larry King Live Show, 314
“Larson, Bill,” 53–55
Larson, George C., 425
“Larson, Phil,” 398
lasers, 131, 155–156
LaViolette, Paul A., 249–251, 256, 258, 
Lawrence Engineering, 266, 269
Lawrence, William, 47
Layne, N. Meade, 57, 58, 63, 415
Learjet, 100
Lear, John, 100–101, 250
Lear Incorporated, 257
Lear, William P., 100
Lebedev, Andrei, 387
Lebedev, Nikolay, 389
Lebelson, Harry, 385
Ledger, Don, 305–307
Leonov, Dr. Sergey B., 428
Leir, Dr. Roger, 335
Le Meridien Hotel, Cyprus, 293, 296, 297
Lemuria, 402
Leonov, Alexei, 244
Leonov, Sergey B., 428
Le Poer Trench, Brinsley, 384

Leslie, Desmond, 108–109, 384
Lewis, Maj. Karl, 314
Ley, Tim, 301
levitation (see aliens)
Lewis, Maj. Karl, 313
Light, Gerald, 57, 58, 63, 255, 415
Limassol power station, Cyprus, 296, 297
“Li,” 170–171
Linder, Ernst, 165
Link C-11B, 253
Little Exuma Island (Bahamas), 168, 179
“little green men,” xxii, 34–36
Liu Yang, xxi
Lobo, Dr., 72
Lockheed VC-121E Super Constellation, 
Lockheed Martin, 137, 259, 273, 309

A-12 Oxcart, 137
F-117A Nighthawk, 136, 137
Skunk Works, 136, 137, 138, 

263–265, 273

SR-71 Blackbird, 136, 137
T-33 trainer, 377
TR-1, 137
U-2, 137
YF-12, 137

Lockheed Northrop, 275
London Symphony Orchestra, 101, 103, 
Long March-2F rocket, xx–xii
Longue-Pointe military base, 291
Lorenzo Rivas, Juan A., 415
Los Alamos National Laboratories (LANL), 

95, 216–221, 254, 270, 377

Louis XIV, 406
Lozano, Juan Mañuel, 212
Lüneberg Heide, Germany, 360
Luton, Tina, 73, 416

M
MacArthur, Gen. Douglas, 20, 353
Maccabee, Dr. Bruce, 125
Macdonald, Air Vice-Marshal William, 115
MacLaine, Shirley, 381
Madsen, Wayne, 435
Mafia, 173
“magnetic tress,” 200

magneto-hydrodynamics, 204, 276
Magnini, Ardico, 374
Maieutics, 203
Majestic-12, 97
Makiela, Maj. Jósef J., 105
Maksimovskaya, Marianna, 389
Maldonado, Héctor, 339–340
Malenkov, Georgi, 47
Manhattan Engineering District Project, 

256, 257

Manocchia, Benny, 424
Mantle, Leonard, 181–188, 191, 

265–266

Manzano Mountains, New Mexico, 275, 
Mariner 2, 98, 101, 250
Mars, 31, 32, 59, 92, 94, 

95–97, 250, 376
atmosphere 94, 96, 97
bases 96
colonization of 94
fog 94
temperatures 94, 97, 212
windstorms 94

Marshall, Gen. George C., 353
Martin, Andy, 309–311
Martín, Jorge, 327, 338, 356
Martinelli, Emma, 375
Martínez Echevarria, José A., 327
Martínez, Lt., 121
Martins, João, 431
Massachussetts Institute of Technology, 87
Materco Bil Ab, 176
Mathis, Thane, 302
Maury Island incident, 95
May, Home Secretary Theresa, 426
Mayan culture, 152
Maynard, Rodney, 68, 69, 70
McAndrew, James, 415
McCandlish, Mark, 263–265
McIntyre, Bishop, 57, 63
McCracken, Sgt. William, 363
McElroy, Henry W., Jr., 55–56, 59
McDonnell Douglas, 273
McGeorge, Harvey Jack II, 385–386, 392
McGinnis, Lucy, 102
McHugh, Gen. Godfrey T., 382
McKinnon, Gary, 217, 252, 426
McKittrick, Beverly, 378
McManus, Doyle, 434
Medvedev, Prime Minister Dmitry, 387, 

388–389

Meese, Edwin III, 380
Mello, Edith, 372
Menger, Howard, 178–179
“Men in Black” (MIBs), 173, 178, 179
Mercury, 250
Mercury spacecraft, 250
mercury vapor, 265–266
“Meredir,” 199
Mesmer, Dr. Anton, 406
Meteor NF Mk 11, 347
meteorological phenomena, 377
Metropolitan Police (London), 183, 285, 
Mexico

Mexico City, 176
military unit, 120–121

Meyer, Jane, 434
MI5 (Security Service), 59
MI6 (Secret Intelligence Service), 237–238
“microgravity,” 246
Middle East, problems with, 197
Mighty Mouse (guided missile), 127
Miley, Michael, 434
Military-industrial complex, 369
Military Police (U.K.), 146
Miller, Col., 122
Miller, Norman, 379, 434
Millington, Tony & Claire, 287
Milner, Conan, 398
Milwaukee Seamounts, 275
mind control, 178–179
Ministry of Defence (U.K.) xvi, xvii, xviii, 

xxii–xxiv, 114, 115, 126, 287, 298, 
307, 313, 318

Minuteman II missile, 230–231
Miramar Field, 58
Miranda-Rivera, Leslie, 337–338
missing children, 375
missing time, 28–29, 201, 273
Mitchell, Dr. Edgar, 400–401
Mleihan, Mohammed, 400
Mojave Desert, California, 83, 87



INDEXMolesworth, Lt. Col. Gregory, 270
Monguzzi, Giampiero, 40–44, 76
Monnet, Pierre, 25–32
Monongahela Forest, West Virginia, 275
Monroe, Marilyn, 384–385, 435
Monti Sibillini National Park, Italy, 201
Montreal Urban Community Police, 291
Moon, the, 31, 32, 59, 244, 260, 
colors on, 237
Schmidt crater, 237
U.S. base on, 250–251

Moorabbin Airport, Melbourne, 74
Moore, Leading Airman Dorsey E., 49, 
Moore, Sir Patrick, 108–109
Moore, William, 415
Moreland, Sdn. Ldr. Don, xix
Morgan, Lt. Col. James P., 120
Morlet, May, 393–394
Moscow Times, 389, 435
“motherships,” 203, 260
Mountbatten of Burma, Earl, 384
Moyles, Chris, 387
Mozart, Wolfgang Amadeus, 406
“Mr Kenio,” 215
“Mr Rodriguez,” 328
Mt. Dragon, Guadalcanal, 321
Mt. Hayes, Alaska, 376
Mt. Lowe Observatory, California, 402
Mt. Palomar, California, 106
Mt. Poporia, Guadalcanal, 321
Mt. Rainier, Washington, 95
Mt. Shasta, California, 402, 403, 404
Mount Weather (Virginia), 48
Munciello, Frank, 414–415
Murray, Ian, 311
Murrow, Ed, 48
Musat, Adrian, xxiv
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), 

308–309, 314, 435
Myers, George, 259

N
NAAFI, 145
Nanjing Purple Mountain Observatory, xxi
NASA, 59, 99, 101, 111, 234–234, 

239–240, 241, 243, 244, 245, 247, 
249, 250, 251, 327, 346, 350, 380, 
Ames Research Center, 248–249, 
Apollo program, 234
Bolden, Administrator Charles, 251
clandestine space program, 252
Commercial Orbital Transportation 

Services (COTS), 251

Conference in Anacapri, 237–238, 
Ellington Field, 246
Film Archive (Building 8), 236
George C. Marshall Space Flight Center

, 88

Goddard Space Flight Center, 243

Johnson Space Center (JSC), Houston 246
Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), 136, 

250, 273
Juno 2, 111
Photo Laboratory (Philco-Ford), 236
Satellite Tracking Station (Chile), 375

National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics 

(NACA), 59

National Archives (U.K.), xviii
National Atomic Testing Museum, xix
National Center for Space Studies, France 

(CNES), 390

National Enquirer, 424, 434
National Geographic Channel (poll), 388
National Intelligence Council, 377
National Investigations Committee on Aerial 

Phenomena (NICAP), 46, 126

National Press Club, Washington, D.C., xv, 

137, 412

National Research Council, 290, 377
National Security Affairs, 354, 380
National Security Agency (NSA), 126, 127, 

386, 388

National Security Council (NSC), 131, 

155, 354, 366, 373, 380, 381, 387, 
National Service (U.K.), 140–141
National Space Council, 244, 248
National War College, 396
Native Indians, 18

Nat King Cole, 187
NATO, 354

“Greensward” exercise, 360

“need-to-know,” 400
Neff, Earl J., 350
Nevada Test Site, 60
New Mexico Air National Guard, 433
“New World Order,” 365
“night paralysis,” 346–347
Nike missile, 365
Nixon, President Richard M., 378–379
“Non-Terrestrial Officers,” 217, 252
North American Aerospace Defense Command

 (NORAD), 246–247, 292

Northrup Grumman, 273
Nourse, Edwin, 57
nuclear threat, 47, 59, 119
nuclear weapons, xvii, 47, 59, 102, 

203, 260

O
Obama, President Barack, 240, 251, 387, 

388, 426

Obama, Barack, Sr., 388
Oberth, Dr. Hermann, 88, 90–92, 

253, 279

Oborski, Franciszek, 105, 106
Oborski, Iwona, 105
O’Brien, Amy, 135
O’Connor, Sandra Day, 380
Oechsler, Bob, 243–248
Office of Naval Intelligence, 20
Office of Special Studies, 351–353
Office of Strategic Services, 20
Official Secrets Act (U.K.), 140, 141, 237, 
Oglesby, Gary, 231
Oglesby, Naomi, 233–234
Oglesby, Jim E., 228–235
Old Executive Office Building, 248
“Old Ones,” 403–405
Oliphant, Ted, 357
“One-world government,” 365
Operation Ivy, 59
Operation Mike, 59
Operation Teapot, 59, 60
Operations Coordinating Board, 131
Operations Coordination Board, 354
“orbs” 315–316
“Orthon” 102, 109–110, 393, 394, 395
Ortiz, Congressman Solomon P., 433
Outward Bound, 302
“Overalls,” 210–211
overpopulation of Earth, 150, 153

P
Palmer, Heather, 286
Palomar Observatory, California, 108
Palomar Terraces, 106–107
Paradigm Research Group, xxii
Park-Sheraton Hotel, New York, 103–104
particle-beam weapons, 276
Patterson, Capt. Patrick, 313
Pawelec, William J., 274, 367–368
Paynter, Bill, 379, 434
Pearson, Prime Minister Lester, 240
Peck, Terry, 74
Penniston, Staff Sgt. Jim, xvii
Pennsylvania Association for the Study of the 

Unexplained (PASU), 292

Pentagon, The, xii, 118, 131, 239, 

244, 257, 261, 354, 366, 373, 389, 
National Military Command Center 

(NMCC), 401

Perego, Alberto, 195, 224
Perkins, Jack, 120, 121, 122
Perks, Darren, 298–300
Perry, Robin, 285–286
Petersen, Maj. Hans C., 98, 373, 

382–383, 394

Petersen, John L., 396–397
pharaohs, 157
“Philadelphia Experiment,” 256
Philco-Ford, 236
Philharmonia Orchestra, 30
Philips, David, 69
Phillips, Donald, 137
Phillips Laboratory, 249
Picton, John, 415
Pine Gap, Australia, 250
Pinotti, Roberto, 223
Piper Cub, 120
Pisa, Nick, 393



INDEXPitchersky, Linda, 357, 358, 359
Plains of San Augustin, New Mexico, 46
plasma physics, 190, 276, 428
platinum, 202
Pluto, 113
Poepsel, Linda Casey, 434
Polish Air Force, 105
pollution of Earth, 154, 183
Pope Benedict XVI, 393
Pope John XXIII, 393–394
Pope John Paul II, 392
Pope Pius XII, 394
Pope, Nick, xx, xxi–xxv, 313, 412
Popovich, Marina, 350
Potter, Barry, 5–6, 7–8, 13, 
Potter, Ken, 434
power blackouts, 291
Pratt, Bob, 424
Pravda, xxi
Price, Patrick, 376
Professor Dudek’s Salon, 104–106
Project Argus, 431
Project Aquarius, 370–371
Project Blue Book, xii, 51, 123–124
Project Excelsior, 50–51
Project Fang, 124
Project RAND, 350–351
Project Redlight, 259
Project Skyvault, 249
Project Stargazer, 51
Project Winterhaven, 256, 257
Prouty, Col. L. Fletcher, 354, 365–367, 
Psychological Strategy Board, 354
Puerto Rico, 327–340

Civil Defense Agency, 332
Ft. Allen, 356
indoctrination film, 356
U.S. Army Reserve, 356
U.S. Navy, 356

“Pulser”/“Flaming Pumpkinseed,” 264
Putin, President Vladimir, 389
pyramids, 92–93

Q
quartz crystal, 93

Quayle, Vice President Dan, 244, 248,
“Quint” (Eric Vespe), 379

R
Radar (see UFOs)
RAH-66 Comanche, 247
Ramsey, Scott, 432
Ramsey, Suzanne, 432
RAND, 350–351, 354
Randle, Capt. Kevin D., 124–126
Rapas, Father, 169–170, 171, 172
Raulerson, William, 226–227
Raven Rock (Pennsylvania), 48
Reagan, President Ronald, 251, 379–381, 
Reagan, Nancy, 379, 381
Red Canyon, New Mexico, 132
Reichmuth, Steven, 211–212
Reiner, Dr. Robert N., 49, 50
Relf, Judith, 317–318, 430
“remote viewing,” 376
Rendlesham Forest, xvii–xviii
Rennell (Solomon Islands), 430
reverse-engineering, 131
Ŗgveda Samhitā, 222, 401–402
Rhodes, Peter, 288
Ribera, Antonio, 45
Rich, Ben, 136–139, 249
Rincón, Enrique Castillo, 413
Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey 

International, 243

Rivera, Barbie, 329, 330, 331, 333, 335, 

336, 337–338

Rivera, Jonathan, 333
Rivera, Maria M., 329–338, 370
Rivera, Nelson, 330, 331, 332, 334, 335
Rivkin, David, 426
Robens, Lord, 153
Roberts, Clifford, 46
Rocca Pia castle, 196
Rockefeller Initiative, 389–390, 408
Rockefeller, Laurance S., 389–390, 391, 
“rocket belts,” 212
Rocky Mountains, 93
Rockwell International, 243
Rodeffer, Madeleine, 60, 103, 382

Rodriguez, Jaime, 437
Rohrer, Joe, 89
Romney, Governor Mitt, 388
Ronson, Jon, 426
Roosevelt, President Franklin D., 348
Roper Poll (2002), 392
Rossiter, Pamela, 71
Rostropovich, Mstislav, 103
Roswell, New Mexico (incident), 51, 131, 

136, 143–144, 147–148, 154, 156, 
157, 356, 357, 358, 359

Roswell indoctrination film, 354–356
Roswell Report, The, 51
Rothberg, Howard, 385
Royal Air Force (RAF), 114, 116, 

140–141, 143, 145, 152, 161, 283, 
296–297
Combined Cadet Force (CCF), 298
Equipment Provisioning & Accounting 

Section (EPAS), 141

Fighter Command, 141, 384
Historical Branch, 161
No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron, 428
RAF Alconbury, 362
RAF Akrotiri, 297
RAF Bentwaters, xvii–xix, xviii
RAF Buchan, 282–284
RAF Cardington, 140
RAF Compton Bassett, 282
RAF Cosford, 298, 299
RAF Creddon Hill, 141
RAF Lakenheath, 362
RAF Leuchars, 281–282
RAF Manston, 126
RAF Merryfield, 141, 145, 146–148
RAF Northolt, 285, 286, 428
RAF Shawbury, 298, 299
RAF Weston Zoyland, 141, 144, 

148–149, 158–159

RAF Woodbridge, xvii, xviii

Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, 72
Royal Canadian Air Force, 258–259
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), 
Royal Danish Air Force, 98, 116, 382
Royal Navy

Fleet Air Arm, 140, 141, 152, 357
RNAS Merryfield, 145

Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, 102
Royal Society, 399
Ruppelt, Capt. Edward, xii
Russell, John & Kate, 313
Russian Academy of Sciences, 428
Russian/Warsaw Pact countries, 363
Ryan, Shane, 73, 74, 75, 416
Rydall, Dr., 183

S
Sagan, Carl, 97
“Sajù,” 196
Salton Sea, California, 111
Sammaciccia, Prof. Bruno, 193, 195, 196, 

197–199, 200, 201, 202, 213–214, 
215, 218, 220–221, 222, 378

Sammaciccia, Alessandra, 213–214
Samblebe, Frank, 75
San José Perua, Mexico, 373
Sanskrit, 222
Santa Fe National Forest, New Mexico, 216
Santiago International Airport/Pudahuel, 
“satellite government,” 369, 378–379
Saturn, 31, 172, 373
Sauder, Dr. Richard, 369, 433
Savage, Suzanne, 74, 75
Savin, Tony, 68
Schaffer, Herr, 431
Schiff, Congressman Steven, 368, 

432–433

Schmidt, Jack, 248
Schratt, Michael, 264
Schwartz, Dr. Berthold, 101
Schwartz, Prof. Herbert, 238, 239
Science Applications International Corporation

 (SAIC), 249

Scotland Yard (London), 183
Scottish Daily Record, xxiii, xxiv
Scott, Irena, 349
“scoutcraft,” 203–210
Sealton, Maj., 123
Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), 237–238
Secret satellite defense system, 250
Secret Service (U.S.), 48, 52
“Secret Team,” 354, 365–366



INDEXSecurity Service (MI5), 59, 60
Sellen, Kent, 259
Settimo, Gianni, 39
Sewell, Mike, xx, 430
Seymour, Fletcher, 269
Shaffer, Kim, 308–309
Shag Harbour, Nova Scotia, 305
Shakespeare, William, xii
Shandley, Gordon, 260–261
Sharp, Col. Frank D., 49
Shaw, Roy, xvi
Shenzhou-9 spacecraft, xx–xxi
Sheppard, Capt. Graham, 297
Sheridan, Michael, 251
Sherwood, William T., 382
Shestak, Capt. Michael J., 363
Shockley, Col. Larry, 433
Shun Xi, 215
“Sigis,” 220
“Sidney,” 308–309
Sikorsky X2, 247, 257
“Sinas,” 196–197, 198, 168
Sirisena, Ananda, 306–308
Smith, Mary, 269
Smith, Ray, 269
Smith, Wilbert B., 255
Smith, Jayden, 387
Smith, Will, 387, 388
Smithsonian Institution, xix
Smrekar, Suzanne, 100
Snark rocket tests, 227
Soetero, Lolo, 388
“Solgonda,” 93
Solomon Islands, 319–325

Cultural Museum, 322–323
Sorensen, Brad, 263–264, 265
Sorrells, Ricky, 314–315
Southampton Airport, 311
Soviet Academy of Sciences, 195
Soviet Air Force, 350
Soviet Army, 78, 383
Soviet Union/Russia

penetration of U.K. airspace, 115
KGB infiltration of Sweden, 175
Soyuz spacecraft, 251

Space Defense Initiative (SDI), 240
Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX), 
Space Shuttle, 243, 244, 250–251
Spangler, David, 419
Spanish government, 248
Special Access Programs (SAPs), 258, 

391, 401

Special Access Required (SAR), 264
Special Forces Reserve (Green Berets), 385
Special Operations, 366
Special Operations Executive, 141
Special Studies Project (Rockefeller Brothers 

Fund), 354

speed of light, 257
Spence Field, Georgia, 47, 48, 52, 
Spence, Lewis, 436
Spencer, Harold, 84
Sperry-Rand, 257
Spielberg, Steven, 379–380
Stadio Artemio Franchi, Florence, 374
Stafford, Linda, 245–246
Stafford, Lt. Gen. Thomas P., 244–246,
Staggs, Tommy, 68
Stalin, Josef, 47
Stanford Training Area, 360
Stansel, Arthur, 351, 426–427
Star Trek Enterprise, 249
Starnes, Ed, 372
State Federal Relations & Veteran Affairs 

Committee, 55

stealth technology, 136
Steckling, Fred, 95–96, 97–98, 
111, 262–263, 279, 284, 373

Steckling, Glenn, 98
Steckling, Ingrid, 373
Steinman, William, 351, 352–353
Stevens, Col. Wendelle C., 437
Stewart, James, 282
Stewart, James E., 84, 85, 87
St. Germain, Comte de, 405–406
St. Hubert military base (Montreal), 292
St. Paul/Damascus, 395–396
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), 270, 276
Streek, Police Constable Jim, 71–72
Stringfield, Leonard, 45
Styles, Chris, 305
Suharto, Gen., 388

Sukarno, President, 388
Sunday Telegraph, The, xviii
Sun Shili, xxi
super-tenacity fibers, 131
Surface & Atmosphere Geochemical Explorer 

(SAGE), 99–100

Svensson, Dr. Karl Erik, 168, 174
Swedish Navy, 175
Symington, Gov. Fife III, 301–302
Symington, Sen. Stuart, 301

Tresca, Peter Biagio, 266, 269–270
Tresca, Teresa, 266–270
Troadec, Jean-Pierre, 30
Trudeau, Lt. Gen. Arthur, 131
Trudeau, Don, 301
Trudeau, Prime Minister Pierre, 240
Truman, President Harry, 57, 267
Twining, Gen. Nathan, 357
Twining, Nathan, Jr., 357

T
T-33 Shooting Star, Lockheed, 377
Talmud, 158
Tau Ceti, 98
Taylor, Ian, 209–210, 280–284
Tecnologia Aeroespacial Mexicana (TAM), 
“T-Force,” 123
Tehachapi Mountains, California, 270, 273, 
Tejon RCS Facility, 273
telepathy (see aliens)
teleportation (see aliens)
Teller, Dr. Edward, 255
Terauchi, Capt. Kenju, 300
“Tesla coil,” 265
“The Breakaway Group,” 369
Theosophy, 180
“Theron Q. Dumont,” 423
The Secret about Men in Black (Russian documentary

), 390

“The Secret Team,” 354, 365–367
Third World War, 383
“Thomas,” 140–161, 359, 406
Thomson, Sir Mark, 357–358, 359
time shift, 201
Times, The, xvii
Thompson, Samuel E., 94–95
Thukarta, Dr., 64–65, 66, 67, 72
TLC (communications), 194
Tolman, Alan G., 106–108
“Tom,” 249–251, 376
Torres, Lt. Milton J., 126–129
Torres, Noe, 119, 120, 121–122, 123, 

125–126

toxic substances, 223–224
U
U-2, 137
UFO*BC (Canada), 300
UFO Hunters (History Channel), 335
UFO Project (Ministry of Defence), xxiii
UFO Research Coalition, 435
UFO Research Midlands, 289
UFOs/spacecraft

artifacts associated with, 122–123, 201, 
crash sites of, 46, 119–121, 124, 

147–148, 157, 254, 351, 432

Earth-built, 253–254, 255, 256, 

257–259, 260, 261–263, 
266–270, 275–276, 318, 
326–327, 350, 376, 378

electrical interference caused by, 192
missiles launched at, 296
paralysis caused by, 8, 36, 84, 

329–330, 431

radar confirmation of, 49, 88, 

119, 126–128, 135–136, 300, 
306–307, 312, 313, 363, 375

retrieved alien craft/bodies, 45, 46, 

144, 147–148, 154, 156, 161, 
346, 348, 349–350, 363–364, 
378, 379, 385, 432

side effects from, 304, 306, 309, 317, 

328, 345

silence induced by, 5, 11, 26, 273
simulators for replication of, 378

UFO/spacecraft sightings

Aberdeen, Scotland, 280–284
Alaska, 300, 375–376, 377–378
Aldermaston, England, 307–308
Antelope Valley, California, 273–274
Apollo 11, 235–236



INDEXArgentina, 374–375
Ascoli Piceno, Italy, 197–198
Bakersfield, California, 379
Bexleyheath, England, 64–73
Birmingham, England, 304–305
Bridgnorth, England, 300–301
Brierley Hill, England, 287–289
Bristol, Tennessee, 308–309
Calvine, Scotland, xxii–xxiv
Cambridge, England, 309–311
Carnia, Italy, 34
Channel Islands, 311–313
Cherchen Glacier, Italy, 40–44
Chile, 374–375
China, xix–xx, xxi
Cottered, England, xx
Desert Center, California, 102, 112, 
Dublin, Texas, 314–315
East Anglia/North Sea, England, 

126–128

Edwards AFB, 56, 117–118, 241, 
English coast, 114–115
Exeter Airport, England, 287
Exmouth, England, xvi, 286–287
Florence, 374
Florida, 226–235
Fresno, California, 274
Georgia, 385
Germany, 242
Gobi Desert, xx–xxi
Gretz-Armainvilliers, France, 290
Holloman AFB, 49–50, 54
Hong Kong, xx
India, xxi
Isle of Purbeck, England, 317–318
Killdeer, Montana, 3–18
Kingman, Arizona, 254
Klondike Highway, Yukon Territory, 

300–301

Labelle, Nova Scotia, 305–307
Lancaster/Palmdale, California, 273
La Palma, Canary Islands, 431
Larnaca/Limassol, Cyprus, 297
L’Aquila, Italy, 219
Limassol, Cyprus, 293–298

Long Beach, California, 85
Long Eaton, England, 290
Los Angeles, 381
Malaita, 325–327
Maury Island, Washington, 95
Melbourne, Australia, 73–75
Mineral/Morton, Washington, 94–95
Mojave Desert, California, 83–85, 

86–87, 108

Montesilvano, Italy (see photo section)
Monmouth, Wales, 315–317
Montana, 20–21, 22
Montreal, 291–292
Moon, 235–236
Moscow, 386
Mt. Rainier, Washington, 95
Mt. Shasta, California, 404
New Mexico, 418
New York-Washington, D.C., 414–415
Norfolk, England, 361–362
North Dakota, 3–5, 6–7, 

8–10, 11–12, 13–17, 
18, 19–20

North Merritt Island, Florida, 227–228
Northolt, England, 285–286
N.W. Kent, England, 411
Orange, France, 26–28
Orlando, Florida, 228–230, 231, 232, 
Pacific Ocean, 365
Palomar Terraces, California, 107–108
Pescara, Italy, 225
Phoenix, Arizona, 301–302
Pitlochry, Scotland, xxii–xxiv
Puerto Rico, 327–328, 329–338
RAF Bentwaters, xvii, xviii, xix
RAF Cosford, 298
RAF Merryfield, 147–148
RAF Shawbury, 298
RAF Weston Zoyland, 158–160
Ramstein AFB, 363–364
Rendlesham Forest, xvii, xviii, xix, 

411, 412

Ringwood, England, 311
Salt Lake City, Utah, 302–304
Salton Sea, California, 111
Santiago, Chile, 374–375

Sappington Junction, Montana, 21–22
Shrewsbury, England, 298–299
Silver Spring, Maryland, 103, 382
Stephenville, Texas, 313–315
Solomon Islands, 319–327
Stockholm vicinity, Sweden, 174–175
Tarland, Scotland, 360
Teesdale, England, xv–xvi
Texas, 119
“The Anthill,” 274
Udevalla, Sweden, 166–168
Vienna Woods, Austria, 76–81
White Sands, New Mexico, 132–133
Williamsport, Pennsylvania, 292–293
Wolverhampton, England, 287–289
Yucca Valley, California, 188–192

Uhouse, Capt. Bill, 253–254, 378–379, 
Umbrello, Paul, 56
“Ummo,” 223
Unidentified flying humanoids (UFHs), 

211–212

United Nations, 383, 391

Food & Agriculture Organization, 195
General Assembly, 241, 243
Special Political Committee, 241

U.S./U.K. exchange of information, 279
U.S. Air Force, xv, 83, 117, 130, 

137, 241, 243–244, 250–251, 261, 
262, 275, 276, 290, 293, 353, 354, 
357, 367, 371, 377
20th Air Force, 53
49th Fighter Wing, 46
81st Tactical Fighter Wing, xvii
192nd Fighter Interceptor Squadron, 124
406th Fighter Expeditionary Wing, 126
432nd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, 51
514th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, 126
555th Tactical Fighter Squadron, 51
Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, 

51, 52, 215

Air Combat Command, 46
Air Force Office of Special Investigations 

(AFOSI), 371, 433

Air Force One (Eisenhower), 46–47, 

48–49, 52, 53–54, 55

Air Force One (Kennedy), 382
Air Force Laboratory’s Space Vehicles 

Directorate, 249

Air Force Missile Development Center, 
Air Force Reserve, 118, 122, 124, 

Unidentified Flying Objects Briefing Document, 

125, 358
Unidentified luminous objects (ULOs), xxi, 
Unidentified submergible objects (USOs), 

xxv, 305, 321, 373–374

United Press, 58
United States/British secret treaty with aliens, 
University of California at Los Angeles 

(UCLA), 136

University of Canberra, 73
University of Colorado, 99
University of Hawaii, 388
University of Novosibirsk, 195
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), xxi
“Unusual Helicopter Activity,” 124
Uriarte, Ruben, 119, 120, 121–122, 

123, 125–126, 211–212

U.S. Agency for International Development 

(USAID), 388

Air Materiél Command, 357
Air Staff & Joint Staff, 370
Andrews AFB, 46
Bentwaters/Woodbridge AFBs (NATO), 

xvii

Chanute AFB, 249–250
Cape Canaveral AF Station, 251
Carswell AFB, 119, 120, 122
Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office 

(DARO), 371

Edwards AFB, 45, 117–118, 130, 

241, 265, 269–270, 274, 380

Eighth Air Force (World War II), 430
Holloman AFB, 46, 386
Homestead AFB, 378
indoctrination film, 354–356
Intelligence, 122, 123
Johnston Island, AFB 250
Kirtland AFB, 352, 353
Luke AFB, 301
INDEXMcGuire AFB, 264
Muroc/Edwards AFB, 45
Nellis AFB, 364
Norton AFB, 263–264
Office of Special Studies, 351
Patrick AFB, 228
Project Bluebook, xii, 351, 353
Ramstein AFB, 362
Research Laboratory, 249
Sandia Laboratories, 352, 353
Shuttle fleet, 250
Space Command (AFSPC), 217, 252
Space Vehicles Directorate, 249
Tyndall AFB, 382, 385
Vandenberg AFB, 266–269
Wright Air Development Center, 51, 

351, 352

Wright-Patterson AFB, 51, 52, 215, 

244, 253, 351, 357, 364

U.S. Army, 108, 133, 261, 354–356, 

371, 377
1st Marine Division, 106
32nd Air Defense Command, 362–363
32nd Air & Missile Command Army Air 

Corps, 260

Acquisition, 247
Army Air Forces, 141, 350
Army Science Board, 377
Army Vulnerability Assessment Laboratory, 
Ballistic Missile Agency, 88
Counter-Intelligence Corps (CIC), 353
Counter-Intelligence Directorate, 353
El Paso, Texas, Army base, 372
Fifth Army, 354–355, 361
Foreign Technology Division, 131, 156, 

239, 373

Fourth Platoon, Bravo Company, etc., 362
Ft. Allen, Puerto Rico, 356
Ft. Bliss, 132
Ft. Bragg, 385
Ft. Leavenworth, 139
Ft. Riley, 131
Green Berets, 385
indoctrination film, 356
Intelligence, 370
Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit (IPU), 
Military Intelligence Reserve, 353
National Guard, 124
Research & Development, 131
Scientific & Technical Branch, 353
Special Operations Command, 377

U.S. Capitol building, 348, 349
U.S. Congress, 367, 371

House Armed Services Committee, 433
House Select Intelligence Committee, 
U.S. Defense Department, 301–302, 354

aircraft accident statistics, 117
U.S. Department of Justice, 426
U.S. General Accounting Office (GAO), 433
U.S. Government, 234–235, 260, 261, 

309, 329, 350, 376, 379, 382, 
398–399

U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, 366, 371

Special Operations, 366

U.S. Marine Corps, 117, 118, 123, 253, 
Gifu, Japan, 118
Miramar, San Diego, 58

U.S. Navy, 20, 117, 125, 252, 256, 

371, 381
Bethesda Naval Hospital, Maryland, 382
Joint Reserve Base Naval Air Station (Fort 

Worth), 314

Office of Naval Intelligence, 20, 107, 
Naval Academy, 117, 118, 130
Naval Reserve, 367
Navy Yard, Long Beach, 85
USS Boxer, 46
USS Chicago, 321, 323, 430
USS Missouri, 20
USS Skirmish, 20

U.S. Secret Service, 385
U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee, 433
U.S. Space Program, 380
U.S. Space Shuttle, 380
U.S. Special Operations Command, 377
U.S. Treasury, 368
U.S./U.S.S.R collaboration, 263
“UTIs,” 220

V
V-bombers, 148, 159
V-2 Bumper rockets, 227, 250
Vallee, Dr. Jacques, 382
Van Tassell, George, 93
Varnam, Harold, 354–356, 360–362, 
Vatican, 392, 393–394
Swiss Guards, 393

Vatican Observatory, 393
Vedas, 222
Vedic Sanskrit hymns, 222
Vega, 30
Velez, Carmen J., 336–337
Velikovsky, Immanuel, 405
Venus, xxv, 32, 97–101, 102, 113, 

172, 192, 225, 250, 376, 383
atmosphere, 94
gravity, 98
Ishtar Terra, 97
“magnetic shield,” 98
Mariner 2, 98, 101
Maxwell Montes, 97
Mielikki Mons, 98
SAGE probes, 99–100
surface temperatures, 94, 97–98, 
“terraforming” of, 97
Venera space probes, 97, 101
“Venusians,” 94–95, 102

Vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL), 258
Vespe, Eric, 379
Vienna Academy, 76
Vietnam War, 51, 129, 244, 371
Viking 1, 95–96
Villa, Apolinar (Paul), 96, 227, 418
Villarubia Mauso, Pablo, 346, 431
Villas Boas, Antoniô, 342–346
Villas Boas, Odercia, 346
Villela, Dr. Rubens J., 377, 413
Virgin Mary, 395
Visse, Leon B., 215–216
Vladeck, Michael, 302–304
Voltaire, 405–406
Von Braun, Wernher, 88, 111–112
VOR (very high frequency omnidirectional 

radio range), 422

Voyager, 250
Vulcan cannons, 363
W
W-56s (see Amicizia)
WAC-Corporal rocket, 227
Waldheim, Secretary-General Kurt, 241
Wall, Mike, 436
Walter, Dorothee, 416
Wanderka, Josef, 77–82
Wang, Dr. Eric Henry, 351–352
Wang, Maria, 352–353
Wang Sichao, xxi
Washington, President George, 223, 378
Washington Post, The, 98, 428
Waterhouse, Philip, 266–268
Waterhouse/Tesca, Teresa, 266–270
Welch, Ida, 21
Wells, Alice, 102, 110
Wells, Sumner, 348
Welch, Ida, 21
Westall High School, Melbourne, 73–75
Westall State School, 75
Westland Wyvern, 117
Westmoreland, Gen. William C., 371–372
Wetherill, Bruce and Priscilla, xv
White, Gen. Thomas D., 419
White House, 133, 155, 241, 366, 373, 

378–380, 379–380, 381, 382, 384, 
388, 390, 409, 396
Eisenhower Executive Office Building, 
Office of Science & Technology Policy, 

391, 398, 408

Petition on UFOs (2011), 398
Situation Room, 380, 387–388

White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, 

132, 261

White Sands National Monument, 49
Whitfield, Evelyn, 192
“Wilfredo,” 327–328
Wilkins, Harold T., 83, 108, 116
Willard Hotel, Washington, D.C., 382
Williams, Capt., 135
Williams, Col. Gordon, xix
Williamsport, Pennsylvania, 292–293
Willingham, Col. Robert B., 118–126, 
Willis, First Sgt., 134
Wilson, Rear Adm. Thomas R., 401
Winchell, Walter, 108
Wise, Roger, 300–301



INDEXWojnowice Castle, 105
Wolanin, Barbara A., 349
Wolfe, Donald H., 435
Wolf Star, 376
Wolpert, Lewis, 19
Worden, Brig. Gen. Simon “Pete,” 248
World War I, 154
World War II, 48, 53, 114, 117, 118, 
154, 258, 275, 321, 348, 349, 368, 
Wroclaw University, Poland, 104
“Wykoff, Albert D.,” 52–53

X
Xi Shun, 215

Y
Yang Zhian, 412
Yasek, Martin, 300–301
“Yogi Ramacharaka,” 423
Yonts, Sgt., 363
Young, Dick, 231
Young, Kenny, 116, 419
Young’s modulus, 200–201
Yucca Valley UFO Club, 190

Z
Zabel, Bryce, 369, 392
Zäch, Curt, 224
Zagórski, Janusz, 104, 106
Zechel, Todd, 126
Zhang Laigui, 435
Zinsstag, Louise, 43–44, 102, 109, 

224, 382, 383–384, 393–394












