============================================================================
Title Pages


ALIEN CONTACT 
TOP-SECRET UFO 
FILES REVEALED 

TIMOTHY GOOD 
 

ISBN 0-688-12223-X 




ALLEN COUNTY PUBLIC ' 

DO NOT REMOVE 

CARDS FROM POCKET 


ALLEN COUNTY PUBLIC LIBRARY 



FORT WAYNE, INDIANA 46802 

You may return this book to arty agency, branch, 
or bookmobile of the Allen County Public Library. 


ALIEN CONTACT 


Also by Timothy Good 

Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up 

The UFO Report 

TOP-SECRET UFO FILES REVEALED 


TIMOTHY GOOD 

WITH A COMMENTARY BY ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET, 

THE LORD HILL-NORTON GCB, 

CHIEF OF DEFENSE STAFF, 1 9 71-1 9 73 


Alien County Public Library 
P0 Box 2270 
Fort Wayne, IN 463011,22 


First published in Great Britain in 1991 by the Random Century Group as Alien Liaison: The 

Ultimate Secret 

Revised edition published in 1993 by William Morrow and Company, Inc., New York 


Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 

Good, Timothy. 

Alien contact : top-secret UFO files revealed / Timothy Good ; with a commentary by 

Admiral of the Fleet, the Lord Hill-Norton. 

p. cm. 

Published in Great Britain as Alien liaison : the ultimate secret 
Includes bibliographical references and index. 

ISBN 0-688-12223-X 

1. Unidentified flying objects-Sightings and encounters. 

I. Title. 

TL789.3.G66 1993 
001.9'42-dc20 92-26856 

CIP 

Printed in the United States of America 

First U.S. Edition 

123456789 10 

BOOK DESIGN BY GLEN M. EDELSTEIN 

COMMENTARY 

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
INTRODUCTION 
1 Aerial Confrontation 
2 A Question of Need? 
3 Colorado Breakthrough 
4 Alien Liaisons 
5 Hardware 
6 Project Aquarius 
7 Dreamland 
8 Alien Technology? 
9 Containers 
10 Cosmic Journey 
NOTES 
APPENDIXES 
INDEX 


To Admiral of the Fleet 
The Lord Hill-Norton GCB 


=======================================================================
COMMENTARY 


Admiral of the Fleet 
The Lord Hill-Norton GCB, 
Chief of Defense Staff, 1971-73 

I HAVE KNOWN TIM GOOD FOR OVER ten years, during which I have 
formed the opinion that he is both honest and reliable. I am quite 
sure that he is not a “nut case,” and equally sure that his long and 
diligent investigations have been efficiently conducted, and the results 
carefully and accurately reported. All this makes the astounding revelations
 in this book impossible, certainly for me, to dismiss, unless 
or until they are equally publicly disproved. 

The plain fact is that either what he reports here is true, or it isn’t. 
If his accounts of recovered UFOs, and their alien occupants, being 
in the hands of United States Government agencies (and perhaps those 
of the former Soviet Union, too) are not true, then it seems that many 
important and distinguished former public servants have perhaps lied, 
or have been grossly misreported. In the latter event, one must expect 
and hope that they will take the appropriate legal action to set the 
record straight. 

In the same way, the apparently hard evidence of all sorts of other 
UFO information given by dozens of people, many of them prominent 
persons in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Mexico, Puerto Rico, the United 
Kingdom, the United States, and the former Soviet Union, is either 
true, or they are lying, hallucinating, or (again) have been grossly 
misrepresented. Since most of them are named by Tim Good in this 
book, they must now either put up or shut up. 

Some of those prominent persons in the United States to whom 
Good has referred have denied what he reports them to have said. I 
find it significant that they have taken no other action, either publicly 
or in the courts. No doubt readers of this edition will draw their own 
conclusions. 

Hill-Norton 
April 1992 


=======================================================================
Acknowledgments


I WOULD LIKE TO RECORD MY thanks to the following individuals 
and organizations who-either directly or indirectly-have contributed
 information and material contained in this book: 

Jeffrey x\costa, Tom Adams, Dr. John Altshuler, Gerald Anderson 
and the Springfield, Missouri News-Leader, Walter Andrus and the 
Mutual UFO Network, Associated PressATopham Picture Library, 
Ron Banuk, Ron Bartels, Andrew Basiago, Timothy Green Beckley, 
Paul Bennewitz, Howard Blum, Robert Bowker, Curt Brubaker, Larry 
Bryant, Dr. and Mrs. Howard Burgess, Grant Cameron, Ellen Carney 
and the Idaho State Journal, the Central Intelligence Agency, Citizens 
Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), Colonel William Coleman, Robert 
Collins, Gordon Cooper, Vicki Cooper and UFO magazine, Riley 
Crabb and the Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, T. Scott 
Crain, Gordon Creighton and Flying Saucer Review, Marie-Therese de 
Brosses and Paris Match, Colonel Wilfried De Brouwer, the Defense 
Intelligence Agency, Richard Doty, the Federal Bureau of Investigation
, the Fund for UFO Research, Peter Gersten, Barry Goldwater, 
James Goodall, Billy Goodman and KVEG Radio (Las Vegas), Stan 
Gordon, John Grace and the Nevada Aerial Research Group, Lee 
Graham, Gerard Grede, Barry Greenwood, Dr. Richard Haines, William
 Hamilton III, Robert Hastings, Everett Hineman, Alan Holt, 
Mike Hunt, Raymond Ingraham, Robert Kirchgessner and Kenneth 
Feld Productions, John Lade, Bill Lear, Nikolai Lebedev, Elsa Lee 
and Quest International, Tania Long, Beverly McKittrick, General 
Igor Maltsev, Dr. Jesse Marcel, A1 and Elizabeth Merritt, Michael 
Michaud and Headline Book Publishing, Norman Miller, the Ministry 
of Defense, Dr. Henry Monteith, Charles Moody, the National Aeronautics
 and Space Administration, the National Security Agency, Bob 
Needham, James Nelson, the North American Aerospace Defense 
Command, the Office of Naval Intelligence, Hans Petersen, Bob Pratt, 
the Public Record Office, Ronald Reagan (Hon. KBE), Madeleine 
Rodeffer, Gary Schultz, William Scott and Aviation Week and Space 
Technology, Elias Seixas, Rear Admiral Sumner Shapiro, Paul Shartle, 
Wilson Sosa, Leonard Stringfield, Robert Suffern, Christa Tilton, 
Robert Todd, Harry Tokarz and the Canadian UFO Research Network
, Admiral Stansfield Turner, the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Army, 
the U.S. Department of the Interior, Gabriel Valdez, Dr. Jacques 
Vallee, William Veenhuizen, Dorothee Walter, Philip Waterhouse, 
and others too numerous to mention here but who are credited 
elsewhere. 

I am especially indebted to my friend Bob Oechsler, who gave me 
so much of his time and invaluable information (at considerable personal
 risk); Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, for making the acquisition of 
some of that information possible; Bob Lazar, for what could be the 
story of the millenium (if true); Gene Huff, for his kindness in helping 
me with additional information on the Lazar material; John Lear, who 
gave me a lot of his time, introduced me to Bob Lazar, and provided 
me with photographs and material relating to Groom Lake/Area 51 
(“Dreamland”); George Knapp of KLAS-TV (Las Vegas), for giving 
me much valuable information and for the use of copious material 
from his excellent programs on the subject, as well as from his private 
interview with Bob Lazar; Linda Howe, for allowing me to extract 
so much information from her book on the animal mutilations, An 
Alien Harvest; Bob Emenegger, for helpful information, as well as for 
the use of the Holloman AFB story from his book, UFOs Past, Present 
and Future; Bill Moore and Jaime Shandera, for the use of lengthy 
extracts from their interviews with “Falcon” and “Condor” and for 
information from their publication, The MJ-12 Documents; Michael 
Seligman and Lexington Broadcast Service, for extracts from the pioneering
 TV documentary UFO Cover-up? Live; Drs. John Derr, Leo 
Sprinkle, and Peter Van Arsdale, without whom the “Colorado Breakthrough
” chapter could not have been written; William Steinman 
and Wendelle Stevens, for the use of important cases relating to 
“Dreamland,” extracted from their book, UFO Crash at Aztec; Daniel 
Fry, for his hospitality, as well as for extracts from his book, To Men 
of Earth; Nicholas Redfern, for giving me many documents he ob- 
tained from the FBI on the cattle mutilations, and other documents 
from the Public Record Office and the DLA; Robert Dorr, for helpful 
information on the U.S. Government’s flying disc project; Dr. Leo- 
poldo Diaz Martinez, for his cooperation, and Michael Packer of 
WOAI Radio (San Antonio), for extracts from his interview with Dr. 
Diaz; Travis Walton, for his time and for extracts from his book, The 
Walton Experience; Jorge Martin, for his research into the Puerto Rican 
UFO incidents, and for arranging for me to meet the witnesses; Bev- 
erley Bean, her mother, and sisters, for sharing information about 
Melvin Brown’s involvement in the Roswell incident; Ralph Noyes, 
for generously allowing me the use of his word-processor when mine 
packed up; and Admiral of the Fleet, the Lord Hiil-Norton, for his 
outspoken Commentary. 

Finally, I am indebted to those who contributed but cannot be 
named. 


=======================================================================
INTRODUCTION 

So VAST is THE COMPLEXITY OF THIS multifaceted subject that it 
resists a single, all-encompassing hypothesis to account for the many 
inherent paradoxes that confront us. In Alien Contact, I have chosen 
to concentrate on those facets of the Unidentified Flying Object 
(UFO) enigma which I hope will shed new light on the overall picture. 
As far back as 1952, the then director of Central Intelligence, Walter 
Bedell Smith, recognized the need for a multidisciplinary approach to 
the subject. “It is my view that this situation has possible implications 
for our national security which transcend the interests of a single 
service,” he wrote in a memorandum to the executive secretary of the 
National Security Council. “A broader, coordinated effort should be 
initiated to develop a firm scientific understanding of the several phenomena
 which apparently are involved in these reports. ...” 

Thousands of documents on UFOs have been released under provisions
 of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) in the United 
States, by agencies such as the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 
Defense Intelligence Agency (DLA), Department of State, Federal 
Bureau of Investigation (FBI), National Security Agency (NSA), and 
the Air Force, Army, and Navy intelligence branches. The fact that 
research into UFOs by these and other agencies was long denied (with 
a few exceptions), and that thousands more documents remain classified
 and therefore exempt from disclosure, is proof-if proof were 
needed-of just how seriously these matters are taken. 

While my last book, Above Top Secret, proves beyond any doubt that 
a massive cover-up has been in effect since the late 1940s, Alien Contact 
takes us one stage further by partially exposing what has been hitherto 
withheld, that is: Some UFOs are indeed extraterrestrial in origin; that 
alien bodies have been recovered; that a few craft have been test- 
flown; and that contact has been established-even at an official, if 
restricted, level. 

Since these claims are certain to be misrepresented, let me emphasize 
that only a relatively few people in governments and the intelligence 
community are aware of this situation. The most sensitive information 
about UFOs is handled at a “need-to-know” level, restricted to those 
with very high security clearances-in one case, as we shall learn, 
allegedly as high as thirty-eight levels above Top Secret. 

Given that there is truth behind these allegations, I readily concede 
that even the knowledgeable elite remain baffled by the bewildering 
diversity of reports with which we are regularly confronted, and I am 
certain that considerable confusion exists in high circles as to the nature 
of the more bizarre encounters. I have not shied away from these 
reports, such as the animal mutilations (Chapter 2) and the extraordinary
but illuminating experiences which befell several witnesses on 
a ranch in Colorado (Chapter 3). Much of this information is controversial
and disturbing. 

Alien Contact does not go into an in-depth analysis of either abduction
or contact stories, except in those cases I have cited that reflect 
my own bias in support of certain relevant hypotheses. The stories I 
have selected stretch the boundaries of belief, and although skepticism 
is warranted, it should never be forgotten that many extraordinary 
technological and other human developments which we now take for 
granted were initially regarded with disbelief or ridicule. How many 
of us would have believed, for example, that the Soviet Union would 
collapse in 1991? When marvelous events are said to have happened, 
the natural tendency is to disbelieve, pardy because we do not want 
to appear gullible, but also because we are simply confounded when 
presented with unfamiliar concepts. I am certain, therefore, that the 
concept of extraterrestrial visitation will become increasingly acceptable
in due course. 

As described in Chapters 6 and 10, the American intelligence community
 (Appendix 1) has made several attempts at indoctrinating the 
public about some of the realities involved in the UFO phenomenon. 
Although what has been revealed is undoubtedly diluted with disinformation
 intended to confuse and deceive, it is important to stress 
that official disinformation on the UFO subject would be poindess if 
there was nothing to cover up. In addition, both covert and overt 
disinformation usually incorporate a certain amount of genuine information
 that sometimes provides signposts to the truth, as we shall 
learn in the concluding chapters. 

It is my belief that there is a sincere desire on the part of those in 
authority to release certain unequivocal material, but that there continues
 to be a reluctance to do so, owing to economic, political, religious
, and sociological considerations. Perhaps the revelations made 
available to me for publication in Alien Contact will facilitate the official 
release of some of this material in the not-too-distant future. 


=======================================================================
1. AERIAL CONFRONTATION

IT WAS A CLEAR NIGHT IN the early summer of 1947. The young 
pilot was growing tired as he cruised in his Lockheed P-38 Lightning 
at nine thousand to ten thousand feet, en route from Grand Rapids, 
Michigan, to Los Angeles, where he was due to participate in the 
Bendix Trophy Race the following day. 

Shortly after passing over the Colorado River near Blythe, California
, he was alerted by something so startling that it has left an indelible 
impression to this day. Bill Lear described the incident to me as 
follows: 

Suddenly, I looked off to my left side and I saw a round fuse- 
lage, with round windows in it. And of course, at that time, the 
only commercial airliner that was flying that had round windows 
was a DC-4. And instantly, judging from my position in relation 
to that body, I judged that I was about fifty feet from running 
into the trailing edge of the wing of that airplane. So, no matter 
how hopeless it seems, you always try to avoid something. 

I was gaining on it, so I immediately racked the P-38 over into 
a 90-degree bank to the right and pulled as hard as I could, almost
 with my eyes closed, expecting to crash into the wing of 
that airplane. And to my astonishment, nothing happened! 

I breathed a sigh of relief, and when I figured I was about 90 
degrees off the westerly heading, which would have put me 
north, I rolled out. And as I rolled out, I looked to my left, and 
it was still there! And this is out over the desert-I’d already 
passed all the lights behind me-and there it still was, with the 
little round windows, looking for all the world like DC-4 windows
. But the light behind the windows was not white; it was a 
bit yellowish. 

And here I was, in exactly the same position as I had been before
, and I thought, This is totally impossible. But the brain won’t 
accept that. When you’re about to die, and when you’re about to 
crash into the trailing edge of the wing of another airplane, you 
don’t stop to think how the hell did it get there, you just get out 
of there! There’s no time to think. So, I simply executed the same 
maneuver, rolled to the right again in a 90-degree bank, pulled as 
hard as I could again, thinking to myself, My God, what is happening
? That DC-4 can’t follow me! But nonetheless, there it was. 

And when I rolled out the second time, heading east, it was 
gone. But there was no question, if it had been an aircraft, I 
would-on the first occasion-have plowed into the trailing edge 
of the wing. The second time, there was no way it could have 
been an aircraft. In 1947, I had not read anything about any 
flying saucers or the cigar-shaped things. I was so relieved that I 
hadn’t run into any airplane. Nothing could have stayed pace 
with me like that thing did. I couldn’t explain it, and I was so 
tired that I simply made a 180 [-degree turn] and continued on 
to the west and landed in California. 

Bill Lear is a son of the late William P. Lear, designer of the Learjet, 
and together with his brother John-also a pilot-has done a considerable
 amount of research into UFOs, as I soon learned when we 
discussed the subject in his London home in 1990. One aspect of the 
1947 sighting bothered me, however. 

“Bill, the skeptic would say that you were just overfatigued and 
were hallucinating,” I remarked, after listening to his account. 

“When you’re flying along and you see something that you recognize
, you suddenly come very much awake,” he replied. “I mean, 
the adrenaline starts pumping. And I was awake, standing right on 
my tiptoes in the airplane, practically, because that really gets your 
heart started! To see something casually, OK, I’ll buy hallucination- 
possible hallucination-because of fatigue. Or you misinterpret lights 
on the ground for something that might be flying next to you. But 
when you turn into the black sky at ten or eleven o’clock at night, 
and there are only stars above you, and there are these round windows, 
that fuselage that you can make out the shape of, and those round 
indows with very pale yellow lights behind them, and you don’t 
know what the hell it is, except the only thing you recognize is if it’s 
got a fuselage, it must have wings, and you’re about to plow into the 
trailing edge of the wing-you move, and get the hell out of there! 
“OK, the first time, you panic and break right, and if there’s nothing, 
OK, you just saw some lights on the ground and you were tired and 
perhaps had a mild hallucination. Second time-black sky-still 
there-no way!”1 

Sightings by pilots cannot easily be dismissed. According to Dr. 
Richard Haines, who has devoted much of his professional career as 
an aerospace scientist to investigating the mysteries of human vision 
and perception, there have now been well over three thousand sightings
 of UFOs by military and civilian pilots.2 


NEAR MISSES WITH HELICOPTERS 

Thanks to Elsa Lee, of Quest International, who first 
uncovered the basic details of the case, I interviewed a helicopter pilot 
who had an alarming near miss with an unidentified flying object in 
England in 1988. Because the name of the witness is internationally 
known, he has requested anonymity, and I have deleted certain names 
and places from the following report. 

The incident occurred on February 21, 1988, at 1850 hours, in the 
vicinity of Chipping Warden, Northamptonshire, as the pilot, accompanied
by his wife, was flying a Bell JetRanger en route from Bakewell, 
Derbyshire, to his home in a southern county. His report states as 
follows: 

. . . passed five miles west abeam Daventry VOR at 2,200, 
1033. First noticed extremely bright red flashing light from the 
southwest. Initially thought to be an aircraft, but light looked too 
bright and wasn’t moving relative to the background illumina- 
tions. Then thought to be a beacon marking the top of the mast, 
though seemed to be far too bright and high. 

I continued on 170 track and after an estimated three minutes, 
during which time [my wife] had been continuously watching the 
light, we suddenly appeared to be on collision course with the 
flying object carrying this light. I immediately commenced descent
, maintaining 120 knots airspeed, but the object appeared to 
be homing in on us and also descending. 

Throughout this the object had been at approximately two 
o’clock. The object continued to appear to home in on us until I 
had descended to 1,300, closing at an estimated speed of 300 to 
400 knots, when it suddenly commenced a turn to the rigU, ending
 up on a track parallel to my own and perhaps 800 yards to 
the west. 

At this point, I estimate my position to have been five miles 
northeast of Banbury [Oxfordshire]. Once the object moved approximately
half a mile ahead, it appeared to stop and then reverse
direction on a reciprocal to my own at an estimated 1,800 
feet, again approximately 800 yards to the west. 

The object had a very bright red light and two dimmer white 
lights each side of it and was very large; estimated size 300 feet 
long. The speed of its reciprocal and final seen course was estimated
 500 knots relative to my own. I then climbed to 1,800 feet 
and continued en route. . . . 

The witness immediately reported the near miss to London Information. 
Subsequent inquiries about conflicting traffic to London Information, 
Luton, Cranfield, Birmingham, Coventry, Brize Norton, 
Upper Heyford, and Hurn (Bournemouth), established that none 
“had any traffic that was even remotely likely to have been in the area 
at the time.” (Following receipt of a UFO report, air traffic controllers 
are required to contact London Air Traffic Control Center immediately
, and to submit a written report to the Ministry of Defense.3) 

Visibility had been excellent at the time-thirty miles--the pilot 
told me. He was unable to determine precisely the shape of the object, 
but indicated that it could have been rectangular. The red light flashed 
in a regular sequence, while the white lights remained constant, yet 
he is absolutely convinced that the object he saw bore no other resemblance
 to any conventional aircraft. The red light was far too bright 
for a normal anticollision light, and he added that he could think of 
no plane that could change direction or stop so quickly.4 

Another incident involving a helicopter’s near miss with a UFO 
took place in the vicinity of Nalchik Airport, Kabardino-Balkar, on 
March 7, 1990, when the crew of an Mi-2, commanded by V. Silka, 
was ordered to investigate a low-flying unidentified object that had 
been tracked on radar since 10:40 A.M. The helicopter was at three 
thousand feet when visual contact was made with the object, which 
was flying at a lower altitude. Described by the crew as spherical in 
shape and about three meters (eleven and a half feet) in diameter, the 
UFO then ascended to the same height as the helicopter and began 
to move away, but the helicopter soon caught up. Suddenly, the UFO 
turned and approached the helicopter at high speed. The pilot made 
a 90-degree turn to avoid a collision, and the UFO made the same 
maneuver. An immediate descent by the helicopter was not recipro- 
cated by the UFO, however, which stopped and then returned to its 
original position before disappearing. 

The air traffic controller reported that both the helicopter and UFO 
could clearly be seen on radar until the moment the helicopter began 
to make its approach from a distance of three and three-quarter miles, 
at which point both “targets” disappeared from the screen for about 
twenty seconds. The incident, lasting twenty-three minutes, was also 
tracked by an air defense radar station.5 

ULTIMATE CONFRONTATION 

Although cases involving the disappearance of aircraft 
during confrontations with UFOs (such as that of the young Australian
 pilot Frederick Valentich in 19786) are rare, there have now been 
a sufficient number to warrant serious concern. And in two incidents 
that occurred in Puerto Rico in 1988, both thoroughly investigated 
by Jorge Martin, witnesses came forward who claim to have actually 
observed these dramatic events as they happened. 

On the evening of November 16, 1988, Yesenia Velazquez observed
 a huge ball of yellow light in the municipality of San German. 
She summoned her family, and they all then witnessed an extraordinary 
sight. 

“Suddenly, two jet fighters appeared from the south, chasing the 
object,” recalled Yesenia’s father, Santiago. “The UFO stopped in 
midair . . . and the jets began flying over it, under it, and all around 
it. Then suddenly, they seemed to enter the object from underneath 
it, and disappeared! We couldn’t see them anymore, and the sound 
of their engines couldn’t be heard anymore. Then two smaller balls 
of light came out of the UFO and shot away at great speed. After 
that, the [main object] also disappeared at high speed.” 

Then, on December 28, 1988, many witnesses in the Cabo Rojo 
area observed a huge, triangular object, similar to that reported by 
over twenty-six hundred Belgian witnesses in 1989-1990. Reported 
Wilson Sosa: 

It was enormous, blinking with many colored lights. I ran and 
got my binoculars and could then clearly see that it was triangle- 
shaped and slightly curved at its rear side. 

It made a turn back and then came over lower, appearing much 
larger. It was then that we noticed two jet fighters [F-14 Tomcats] 
right behind it. . . one tried to intercept it and passed right 
in front of it, at which point the UFO veered to the left and 
made a turn back, reducing its speed. The jets tried to intercept it 
three times, and that’s when the UFO slowed down and almost 
stopped in midair. . . . 

The second jet remained at the right side of the UFO and the 
other one positioned itself at the left rear side. Then-I don’t 
know exacdy what happened-if the jet entered the UFO by the 
rear, by its upper side, or what. That was when we all yelled, because
 we were afraid there would be a collision and maybe an explosion. 
 The jet in the back just disappeared on top or inside of 
the UFO, because I was observing everything through my binoculars
 and it didn’t come out from the rear, the upper side or the 
other sides. 

The second jet remained very close to the right side of the 
UFO. It looked very small alongside that huge thing. As the 
UFO flew a little to the west, the jet disappeared, as well as its 
engine sound. . . . 

After “trapping” the jets, the UFO lowered its position and came 
close to the ground over the Sam an Lake. “It stood still in midair for 
a moment,” Sosa continued, “then ‘straightened’ its corners and gave 
off a big flash of light from the central ball of yellow light. It then 
divided itself in the middle into two separate and distinct triangular 
sections. . . . That’s when they both shot away at great speed. You 
could see red sparks falling from it when it divided itself.”7 

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the United States 
Navy have denied that any American aircraft were lost or destroyed 
in this incident. “There were no aviation mishaps or mysterious incidents
 involving U.S. Navy aircraft during that time frame,” wrote 
Rear Admiral David Rogers, Deputy Assistant Chief of Naval Operations
 (Air Warfare), in response to an inquiry by a member of the 
House of Representatives. “A top priority during aircraft accident 
investigations is obtaining all available eyewitness statements as quickly 
as possible after an event to help establish the cause factors of the 
mishap. Since the event did not involve U.S. Navy aircraft, no attempt 
to contact the parties of this story is anticipated. I regret that the Navy 
cannot shed any greater light on the mystery observed by the people 
in Puerto Rico.”8 

However, Jorge Martin subsequently obtained confirmation from 
a United States Navy source, who said that there were radar tapes 
showing what had happened, which were immediately classified and 
sent to Washington, D.C. 

“We were able to see what happened on the radar systems of the 
ships that were stationed nearby,” the Navy source revealed. “We saw 
when the smaller targets on the radar, which represented the jets, 
merged with a bigger one. After that, the big target seemed to split, 
and shot off at great speed. A lid has been placed on the whole incident. 
Many things like this have been happening, but we are not allowed 
to comment on anything.”9 

During my first visit to Puerto Rico in August 1990, I visited the 
areas where these incidents had taken place. Jorge Martin introduced 
me to the principal witnesses, all of whom impressed me with their 
sincerity. It is also worth noting that the State Agency of Civil Defense 
takes these matters seriously. In a 1991 directive, Director Jose Nolla 
stated that “we judged it fitting and necessary that the Civil Defense 
of Puerto Rico should investigate and study the cases of sightings of 
unidentified objects with the purpose of guaranteeing that the same 
do not represent a threat to the safety of the Puerto Rican people. 
The study . . . will be the responsibility of a special committee comprising
 the State Director, Assistant State Director, Head of Geographical
 Intelligence, Head of Government Operations, the 
Representative of the Observatory of Arecibo, the Representative of 
the Department of Natural Resources, and the Representative of the 
National Guard of Puerto Pico. Other Government representatives
 . . . will take part in the study should the need arise. . . .”10 

A copy of this internal directive was obtained by Jorge Martin, who 
learned that the study was initiated by the U.S. Department of Defense
. Furthermore, Colonel Jose Nolla was at one time a military 
liaison officer for the Defense Intelligence Agency and has stated under 
oath in a hearing before the Puerto Rican Senate that he, the military, 
and the State Agency of Civil Defense had investigated numerous 
UFO sightings-as well as mysterious animal mutilations linked with 
them-in his country. 

Incidents involving military aircraft and UFOs continue to be reported
 in Puerto Rico. On April 28, 1992, for instance, Freddie Cruz, 
director of the Civil Defense Agency of Lajas, together with other 
witnesses, observed a “flying saucer” being chased by a U.S. Navy jet 
in that area. “The saucer was metallic, silvery, and highly polished, 
and it seemed to be playing with the jet,” he told Jorge. “It would 
continually stop in the air suddenly, then just as the jet was about to 
catch up, it would move away quickly. . . . Finally, as the jet was about 
to close in once again, it suddenly split in two, then each part flew 
away. ...” 

Cruz has witnessed other sightings in southwest Puerto Rico, 
particularly in the Laguna Cartagena area. “We have seen brightly 
coloured ovoid and round objects as they overfly the area, making 
right-angled turns, and sometimes they enter the lagoon and disappear 
underwater. The UFOs are there, they really are. So that’s why I can’t 
remain silent while others ridicule those who have seen these 
things. ...” 

Do these events signify hostility, or could something even more 
sensational be involved? While I was in Puerto Rico, I heard rumors 
to the effect that the United States Government could be engaged 
in some type of liaison with the aliens. An outlandish suggestion, 
of course, but there is no doubt that some very odd happenings 
are reported to have occurred in this area, as we shall learn in 
Chapter 10. 


OFFICIAL RUSSIAN RECOGNITION 

In an official statement made in April 1990, general Igor 
Maltsev, former Chief of the General Staff of the USSR’s Air Defense 
Forces, admitted that over one hundred observations of UFOs had 
been reported to him on March 21 that year. He stated: 

According to the evidence of eyewitnesses, the UFO was a disc 
with a diameter from 100 to 200 meters. Two pulsating lights 
were positioned on its sides. When the object flew in a horizontal 
plane, the line of the lights was parallel to the horizon. During 
vertical movement it rotated and was perpendicular to the 
ground. Moreover, the object rotated around its axis and performed
 an “S-turn” flight, both in the horizontal and vertical 
planes. 

Next, the UFO hovered above the ground and then flew with a 
speed exceeding that of the modern-day jet fighter by two or 
three times. All of the observers noticed that the flight speed was 
directly related to the flashing of the side lights: The more often 
they flashed, the higher the speed. . . . 

The object was observed as a “blip” from a radar target on the 
screens of aircraft gunsights, as well as on several ground-based radar 
units, Maltsev added. The newspaper in which this information appeared
 commented that General Maltsev’s testimony was important 
confirmation for claims that UFOs are piloted craft, contradicting 
theories that they are merely atmospheric phenomena. 

Maltsev provided a report from a Soviet Air Force pilot of the 
incident, which took place in the vicinity of Pereslavl-Zalesskiy, about 
eighty miles northeast of Moscow: 

I, Lieutenant Colonel A. A. Semenchenko, received the command
 to go on an alert exercise. At 2138 hours, I received the 
command for takeoff. In the air, in the region of Pereslavl, I received
 my task of detecting and identifying a target at an altitude 
of 2,000 meters. 

I visually detected the target, designated by two flashing white 
lights, at 2205 hours. I was following a true course of 220 degrees
and it was ahead and to the right, at an angle of 10 degrees. 
The target altered its altitude by amounts ranging up to 
1,000 meters and changed its direction of flight. With the permission
 of the command center, I locked my sights onto the radiation
 after checking to be sure the weaponry was switched off. 

The target did not respond to the “identify-friend or foe” request. 
In addition to the target, three or four regularly scheduled 
airliners could be observed on the screen. As ordered by the command
post, I carried out a banked turn. While completing the 
turn, I observed a luminous phenomenon, reminiscent of the aurora
 borealis but with a weak intensity, to the north and 
northwest. 

I approached the target to within about 500 to 600 meters. I 
passed above the target, trying to define its character. I observed 
only two bright flashing white lights. I briefly saw the silhouette 
of the target against the background of the illuminated city. It 
was difficult to determine its nature and classification, due to the 
limited lighting. At the order of the command center, I ended my 
mission and returned to the airfield. 

Another official report confirms that the UFO was tracked at a radar 
center near Pereslavl-Zalesskiy: 

At 2155 hours the object disappeared at an azimuth of 240 
and a range of 40 kilometers . . . At 2159 hours there was an observation
 of an airplane at an azimuth of 250 degrees, a range of 
30-50 kilometers, and a course of 330 degrees. The object 
turned and, at great speed, approached the airplane. After an approach
 to a distance of about twenty kilometers, the object disappeared
 from the field of observation and appeared again to 
the rear and above the plane. The object moved in an arc at 
azimuth 270. 

At 2201 hours, the object hovered in place at an azimuth of 
190-200 degrees and a range up to 100 kilometers. At 2203 
hours, a fighter aircraft appeared ... at an azimuth of 240 degrees
. While the fighter was approaching the object, the latter disappeared
. At 2205 hours, the object appeared at an azimuth of 
190-220 degrees, hovered, and after one to two minutes, 
disappeared. 

“The object looked like a flying saucer with two very bright lights 
along the edges,” reported another observer, Captain V. Birin. “Its 
diameter was approximately one hundred to two hundred meters 
(judging by the shining lights). A less intense light, which looked like 
a porthole, could be seen between the two bright lights. . . . The tra- 
jectory depended on the flashing of the bright side lights-the more 
often they flashed, the faster the speed of the UFO and vice versa. 
While hovering, the object extinguished its lights almost completely. 
At 2230 hours, the object headed off in the direction of Moscow.” 

“The movement of the UFO was not accompanied by sound of any 
kind and was distinguished by its startling maneuverability,” commented
 General Maltsev. “It seemed that the UFO was completely 
devoid of inertia. In other words, they had somehow ‘come to terms’ 
with gravity. At the present time, terrestrial machines hardly have any 
such capability.”11 

A number of additional Soviet Air Force UFO incidents have been 
brought to my attention by Nikolai Lebedev, a leading Russian researcher
. On October 8, 1990, for example, two huge unidentified 
targets were tracked on radar over the vicinity of Groznyy, Chechen- 
Ingush, according to S. Prokoshin, commander of the local air unit, 
and an interceptor jet was sent to investigate. 

“At 1127 hrs. I was given the coordinates of the target and the task 
of finding it,” reported the pilot, Major P. Riabishev. “According to 
information from the command unit, the object was at an altitude of 
4.5 kilometers. The weather was cloudless and visibility fine, but the 
search proved to be in vain. I informed the command unit then made 
a turn and headed back to base. Suddenly, something forced me to 
turn round. Behind me and to the right, I saw two cigar-shaped 
objects, of considerable dimensions. The length of the first was about 
two kilometers, the length of the second about four hundred meters. 
They were positioned one beside the other and were clearly visible. 
The smaller object was streaked with silver, reflecting the sun, while 
the larger one looked dull. 

“I noticed that the UFOs were moving sideways at great speed. I 
made a turn and began to approach them, but suddenly both targets 
disappeared instandy from my field of vision, although traces of the 
targets remained on the radar screen.”12 

Glasnost has led to a relatively open attitude toward the subject of 
UFOs in the USSR (now the Commonwealth of Independent States). 
In January 1989, for example, I was invited to express my views openly 
in an interview on Leningrad television, whereas on previous visits, 
such an opportunity would not have been available. I was also surprised
 when, in the space section of the Exhibition of Economic 
Achievements in Moscow, I came across a UFO stand featuring a 
display of photographs, books, and magazines-including Britain’s 
FSR> one of the leading journals on the subject.13 

In response to a question about UFOs from a group of workers in 
the Urals in early 1990, former president Mikhail Gorbachev stated 
that “the phenomenon of UFOs does exist, and it must be treated seriously ”14 
Times have changed, but I must point out that the Committee for 
State Security (KGB) and its successor organization (the Russian Security
 Ministry and Foreign Intelligence Service) has maintained a 
firm control over the dissemination of information on the subject. 
Nevertheless, it is encouraging to note that two Hollywood film companies
 currently own the rights to certain aspects of the KGB’s study 
of UFOs. 


HIDE-AND-SEEK IN BELGIUM 

In addition to the USSR, the Belgian defense ministry 
has now openly admitted that unexplained aerial objects have intruded 
into its airspace. Since November 1989, over three thousand witnesses, 
including military personnel, pilots, police, air traffic controllers, engineers
 and scientists, have reported sightings in Belgium. The UFOs 
are usually described as huge, triangular- or rectangular-shaped devices 
(Figure 1.1 and Appendix 2). 

Fig. 1.1 
One of the aerial devices seen over Belgium by several thousand witnesses, 
including pilots and police, between 1989-90. This object was seen over 
Mazy on 11 December, 1989. (Gerard Grede) 

On the night of March 30-31, 1990, ten days after the Soviet Air 
Force incidents, several police patrols and other witnesses reported a 
UFO, which was confirmed by radar units at Glons and Semmerzake. 
Two Belgian Air Force F-16 fighters were sent to intercept, guided 
by police on the ground. 

The pilots succeeded in “locking on” to the target with their radar. 
At first, the object had been moving very slowly-as low as 25 miles 
per hour-but suddenly, it accelerated at an incredible speed, and 
dropped from an altitude of 7,500 feet to below 750 feet in the space 
of a second! 

On three occasions that night, the F-16s locked on to the target, 
and each time the object took evasive action, playing hide-and-seek 
with the planes by diving to below 750 feet-out of radar range- 
then leisurely climbing back into radar range. 

“There was a logic in the movements of the UFO,” declared Belgian 
Air Force Chief of Operations, Colonel Wilfried De Brouwer, who 
ruled out meteorological or electromagnetic phenomena as the source 
of the radar echoes. 

The incidents, lasting for seventy-five minutes, were observed by 
many witnesses on the ground, including twenty policemen. Thanks 
to Belgian Defense Minister Guy Coeme, tapes from the F-16 “black 
boxes” have now been made available, clearly indicating the target 
(which was close to the planes) as it was automatically tracked by 
computer.15 

Although the Air Force refused to allow the pilots to give interviews, 
in order to avoid unwelcome publicity, Colonel De Brouwer nevertheless
fully endorses their reports. “They’re young guys, and they 
think it was something special,” he remarked. “They are convinced that 
it was something.”16 

In an unprecedented degree of official cooperation, the Belgian Air 
Force placed a number of aircraft, including a British Aerospace 748 
twin-turboprop equipped with infrared and other sophisticated sensors
at the disposal of a UFO group, the Societe Beige d’Etude des 
Phenomenes Spatiaux (SOBEPS), during an extensive skywatch held 
during the Easter 1990 weekend. Over one thousand citizens, together 
with police patrols, were involved, and although a number of observations
from the ground were made, each time the aircraft arrived on 
the scene, the mystery intruder descended to rooftop level, which, 
combined with poor weather, made interception impossible.17 


THE FLYING COMPLAINTS FLIGHT 

The British ministry of defense will be among the last, 
I am sure, to acknowledge openly the fact that our airspace is being 
intruded by unidentified, intelligently controlled aerial devices, although
they have never denied the existence of UFOs per se. In 1991, 
for example, full-page advertisements for recruiting Royal Air Force 
fighter controllers appeared in major British newspapers. Headed UFO 
OR VIP? above a picture of “blips” on a radar screen, the ad included 
a paragraph that stated: “Whether it is reporting on unidentified objects, 
guiding fighter pilots, or checking on thousands of manmade 
objects orbiting the earth, Fighter Controllers are maintaining the 
defense of their country in one of the most high-pressure environments 
there is.” 

As disclosed in Above Top Secret, the Royal Air Force has been 
engaged in clandestine research into UFOs for many years, and together
 with the Defense Intelligence Staff and the Directorate of Scientific
 and Technical Intelligence, investigations are allegedly carried 
out by a secret “lodger” unit, sequestered under the Flying Complaints 
Flight, based at Royal Air Force (RAF) Rudloe Manor in Wiltshire, 
headquarters of the Provost and Security Services (P&SS). A new 
independent source has subsequently come forward with corroborative 
details, as well as additional relevant information. 

My new informant, a former special investigator for the Provost 
and Security Services, has learned that certain UFO sightings are 
initially investigated by the Provost and Security Services special investigators
 attached to the Flying Complaints Flight at Rudloe Manor. 
I have been given to understand that the unit is staffed by senior 
noncommissioned officers and officers trained in all aspects of special 
investigations and counterintelligence. 

Reports are forwarded to the director of security and provost marshal
 (RAF) at the Metropole Building in Northumberland Avenue, 
London, then to the appropriate department within the Ministry of 
Defense-most probably DI55 of the Defense Intelligence Staff, as 
the Ministry of Defense has admitted to me. Interestingly, it was in 
the Northumberland Avenue building that Gordon Creighton was 
working as an intelligence officer in a certain department when he had 
several opportunities to discuss the subject with CIA and United States 
Air Force personnel who were liaising with their British counterparts 
in the Air Ministry on top-secret investigations into the phenomenon. 
Creighton learned that the Deputy Directorate of Intelligence (Technical
) employed full-time researchers during this period (the 1950s), 
a fact consistently denied by the Ministry of Defense. And in 1957, 
Reynolds News revealed the existence of Room 801, on the ninth floor, 
where all reports were collected and analyzed. Room 801, it was 
claimed, was top secret, its interior never seen by unauthorized 
persons.18 

A former noncommissioned officer who also worked as a senior 
investigator with the Provost and Security Services confirmed to my 
source that the Flying Complaints Flight dealt with UFO reports and 
that these were forwarded to the provost marshal’s office, then to the 
appropriate department in the Ministry of Defense. 

Prior to moving to Rudloe Manor, the Flying Complaints Flight 
operated from an office in Government Buildings, Bromyard Avenue, 
in Acton, London, I was informed. A former counterintelligence in- 
vestigator (whose name is known to me) revealed to my informant 
that although he was security-cleared to the highest category, he was 
denied access to this office during the period he worked there, from 
1963 to 1965. 

CCI had access to every Top Secret file there was, except Low Flying, 
because I understand they dealt with UFOs,” the investigator disclosed
, adding that the unit was small, situated in a well-locked office 
at the end of a corridor. ccWe could get in anywhere, but not in that 
department. I remember they used to have an Air Ministry guard in 
the passage-you couldn’t get past them. We could see the provost 
marshal’s Top Secret files, yet I couldn’t get into the place dealing 
with UFOs. . . .” 

Rudloe Manor does not serve as a twenty-four-hour “tracking station
,” as I had been told by an earlier source, but Royal Air Force 
police investigators there do operate a twenty-four-hour service for 
UFO reports, as well as at a number of other P&SS units around the 
country. 

“From my personal experience as a serving member of the RAF 
Provost and Security Services,” my source concluded, “also from the 
information obtained from my two informants, I am sure beyond any 
reasonable shadow of doubt that all initial investigations into UFOs 
are carried out by investigators of the P&SS, who are serving in a 
small secret unit with the Flying Complaints Flight based at FIQ, 
P&SS, Rudloe Manor. I believe the activities of this unit to be so 
secret that fellow investigators serving in the Special Investigations 
and Counterintelligence sections of the RAF are not fully aware of 
the activities of the FCF. ...” 

My informant went on to elaborate on the possible operational 
procedures involved in the handling of UFO reports: 

1. UFO incident reported and chaneled through Flying Complaints
Flight (FCF). 
2. File opened and investigation activated. 
3. Notification sent to provost marshal’s office, Northumberland 
Avenue, followed by regular reports. 
4. Provost marshal’s office forwards memos and copies to 
DI(55), who in turn issues memos/instructions etc. back to 
the provost marshal’s office, who in turn instructs FCF. There 
would be no general direct contact between DI(55)B and 
FCF, but on occasions, in very important cases, FCF and 
DI(55)B staff could well work together. The Security Service 
(MI5) could also become involved in certain cases. 
5. DI(55)B would in any event report to the Security Service 
(MI5) HQ, Curzon Street, London, who would in turn liaise 
with the Prime Minister, depending on the nature of the 
investigation. 
6. Throughout any UFO investigation, it is most likely that private
UFO research groups, as well as witnesses, would be 
subjected to an official monitoring operation. 

None of this shows, of course, that Her Majesty's Government has 
established contact with aliens, nor indeed does it prove that the 
phenomenon is even extraterrestrial in origin. What it does show is 
that the government takes the whole issue a great deal more seriously 
than we have been led to believe, and in company with the American 
intelligence community classifies its findings at a highly secret level. 


SECURITY THREAT 

In Above Top Secret I suggested the probability that the 
British Government liaises with a number of American agencies on 
UFO research, including the National Security Agency and Defense 
Intelligence Agency; the former, via the Government Communications 
Headquarters (GCHQ), and the latter via the Defense Intelligence 
Agency Liaison branch at the Ministry of Defense (DIALL). Evidence 
for the involvement of the DIALL has now been provided for me by 
researcher Nicholas Redfern, who in 1990 received some material from 
the DIA via the DIALL at Ministry of Defense’s Main Building in 
Whitehall, as is clearly marked on the envelope. 

Nicholas Redfern has also provided me with a number of recendy 
released Royal Air Force reports dating back to the 1950s, many of 
which had been forwarded to the Deputy Directorate of Intelligence 
(Technical). A 1953 memo from headquarters, Southern Sector, for 
example, states: 

It has been decided that sightings of aerial phenomena by 
Royal Air Force personnel are in future to be reported in wridng 
by Officers Commanding Units immediately and directed to Air 
Ministry (DDI [Tech.]) with copies to Group and Command 
Headquarters. ... It is essential that the information should be 
examined at the Air Ministry and that its release should be controlled
officially . . . personnel are to be warned that they are not 
to communicate to anyone other than official persons any information
about phenomena they have observed, unless officially authorized
to do so.19 

During his inquiries into the RAF Topcliffe incident of September 
1952,20 Redfern was advised by the Public Record Office that although 
it was possible that some records of the Ministry of Defense’s Scientific 
Intelligence Branch may become available for inspection in 1991, 
“because of the nature of these files, many will be under extended 
closure and so closed for fifty, seventy-five, or one hundred years.”21 
In my previous book, I cited a number of incidents involving civilian 
witnesses who had been approached by government investigators and 
asked not to communicate their reports to the media. A Ministry of 
Defense spokesman disclaimed Ministry responsibility for these visits 
when I discussed the matter with him, yet I continue to receive information
 from both military and civilian sources indicating that such 
requests have indeed been made. 

Shortly after five-thirty A.M. on December 2, 1982, Elizabeth Merritt
 was driving to work in Bury St. Edmunds from her home in 
Honington, Suffolk, when she was surprised by an unusual sight. She 
described the incident to me as follows: 

I had just passed Troston, and as I approached the junction 
where The Bull public house is, there were three bright white 
beams of light coming straight down. There was no shape behind 
the lights; they seemed to be in a triangle, but not particularly 
symmetrical. I couldn’t believe it, so I stopped my car, turned off 
my radio, and opened the car door. I couldn’t hear anything. I 
thought I must be imagining it, so I carried on driving, put the 
radio back on, and took the right junction. After that, it’s a 
straight road. And this contraption followed me up the road-I 
could see the bright lights moving along in the rear mirror. 

My heart was absolutely thumping by that time. It was so real. 

I’ll admit I wasn’t very brave-I was really shaking. But I’m a 
very cool-headed person in emergencies. Then this thing veered 
off to the right-and the lights were gone. And I thought it must 
be just my imagination-it’s not a spaceship, it’s nothing peculiar
. So I drove on to the office in Bury St. Edmunds. I was a bit 
unnerved, but I said nothing to anybody. 

The following morning, Mrs. Merritt left home at exactly the same 
time and took the same route, stopping her car in the same locations 
as the previous morning, but no lights that might have accounted for 
the sighting could be seen. “I just wanted to make sure that I hadn’t 
imagined it,” she told me. 

Returning home at lunchtime, Mrs. Merritt asked her husband, 
who worked at nearby RAF Honington, to check at the base if there 
had been any helicopter movements during the time in question, then 
went on to recount the sighting to him. “So he rang up air traffic 
control. They wanted to know why he was asking, and he explained 
that I thought I had seen helicopter movements. And they didn’t say 
yes or no.” 

Shortly afterward, an intelligence officer from the base telephoned 
to ask Mrs. Merritt for precise details of her sighting. “I know what 
I saw, and I know I didn’t imagine it,” she told him, “and this is why 
I asked my husband to confirm that there were no helicopter movements
, because they’re the only aircraft that would have such bright 
lights shining down to the ground like that.” 

The flight lieutenant made no comment, but phoned back later the 
same day. “He asked me to go over the story again,” Mrs. Merritt 
said. ‘Well, I have a very good photographic memory, and I went 
over it line for line. And he said, ‘Now, I don’t want you to go to 
the media about this.’ I said, Well, I’m not interested in the media, 
but can you confirm that I didn’t imagine it?’ I never got a yes or no.” 
The following Monday morning, December 6, as Al Merritt was 
working at RAF Honington, an interesting message was relayed over 
the Tannoy system. “It was to the effect that if anyone had seen 
anything unusual in the sky, they were to see the intelligence officer 
and were not to communicate with anyone else about it,” Mr. Merritt 
told me, adding that in his opinion, the announcement was direcdy 
related to his wife’s sighting and subsequent interview.22 

In a 1989 letter to Member of Parliament Andrew Mitchell, regarding
 an inquiry on the subject by Nottingham constituent Bob 
Needham, Michael Neubert, parliamentary under-secretary of state for 
defense for the armed forces, responded (in part) as follows: 

. . . the Ministry of Defense’s sole interest in these matters is to 
establish whether or not reported sightings of UFOs present a 
threat to the security and defense of the United Kingdom, using 
a judgment based on military expertise and an analysis of the 
available information. Unless we judge that they do present a 
threat, and this is not normally the case, no farther attempt is made 
to investigate or identify the phenomenon. 

Moreover, I am sure you will appreciate that we do not have 
the resources to undertake in-depth studies and that we could not 
justify the use of defense funds on scientific investigations unless a 
clear threat to the security of the UK had been identified. . . . 
The MoD does not possess any positive evidence to suggest 
that “alien” spacecraft have landed or crashed on the planet nor 
are we aware of any form of communication with extraterrestri- 
als. . . ,23 [My italics] 

The fact that threats to Britain’s security are “not normally the case” 
implies that such threats have indeed occurred. And as to the lack of 
defense funds to undertake in-depth investigations, I have learned 
otherwise. Via an academic source who was involved in secret research 
for the Ministry of Defense, I was informed that in 1978, for example 
(a year of intensive UFO activity), no less than twenty-one million 
dollars had been appropriated. 

The same source confirmed that secret research by the Royal Air 
Force had determined the extraterrestrial origin of UFOs, and furthermore
 suggested that the origin of humankind was in some way 
connected with the visitors. Unfortunately, I am unable to substantiate 
these claims except in apocryphal terms. Hundreds of people throughout
 the world-and I have personally interviewed many-claim to 
have had actual communications with extraterrestrial beings, and the 
theme of genetic links with humanity is a recurrent one. 

I have yet to find any convincing evidence that alien spacecraft have 
crashed in the United Kingdom, although in 1958, Dr. Olavo Fontes 
was informed by naval intelligence sources in Brazil that one such 
incident had taken place. No details were given.24 But there is ample 
evidence that crashes and retrievals have occurred in other countries, 
particularly in the United States, as will be discussed in later chapters. 


A “DEAL”? 

John Lear is the only pilot to hold every airman certificate
issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and has not only 
flown more than one hundred sixty types of aircraft in over fifty 
countries, but has also flown many missions worldwide for the Central 
Intelligence Agency. He first became interested in UFOs in early 1987, 
after talking with United States Air Force personnel who had witnessed
 the landing of a UFO outside the USAF/RAF bases at Woodbridge
/Bentwaters, England, in December 1980.25 

Based on his research, drawn from a number of independent sources 
and blended with published material, Lear believes that during 1969- 
71, a secret United States Government group made a “deal” with an 
alien species, called “Extraterrestrial Biological Entities,” or “EBEs,” 
as they are referred to in the spurious “Majestic-12” briefing document 
allegedly prepared for President-elect Eisenhower in 1952 (see Chapter
 6). 

The “deal” supposedly stipulated that in exchange for technology 
which the aliens would provide us with, the government agreed to 
“ignore” the abduction of humans and suppress information regarding 
the mutilation of animals. The abductions were alleged to be for the 
purpose of monitoring the development of our civilization, while the 
mutilations-involving the extraction of enzymes or hormonal secre- 
tions-were said to be essential to the aliens’ survival. 

There is more to this unbelievable scenario, including the allegation 
that the abductions turned out to have a more sinister purpose: the 
insertion of probes in the abductees, posthypnotic suggestions to carry 
out certain specific activities, and genetic experiments, including the 
impregnation of human females and early termination of pregnancies 
to secure crossbreed infants;26 theories proposed, for example, by Budd 
Hopkins in his books on the abduction phenomenon.27 

John Lear’s statements have naturally provoked a great deal of outrage
, effectively alienating him from the mainstream of “serious” UFO 
research. He has now admitted to me that some of his sources have 
proved to be unreliable and that he has occasionally made rather 
extreme statements. Yet, he maintains that the scenario is basically 
true. And in one respect, at least, he could be right. 

The idea that aliens could be involved in animal mutilations goes 
back several decades, and is now inextricably woven into the fabric of 
UFO lore. But is there any truth to this bizarre and disturbing theory? 


=======================================================================
2. A QUESTION OF NEED? 

On September 9, 1967, a three-year-old colt named Lady was 
found dead near Alamosa, in the San Luis Valley area of southern 
Colorado. The entire head of the animal was stripped clean of all flesh 
and muscle, and the brain, organs, and spine were missing. No signs 
of blood or tire tracks near the animal could be found. 

Fifteen circular “exhaust” marks were discovered in the vicinity, and 
a three-foot circle of six or eight holes in the ground, each about four 
inches across and three to four inches deep, was found near a damaged 
bush forty feet away from the animal’s body. A Forest Service ranger 
checked with a Geiger counter and found evidence of radiation around 
the “exhaust” marks, but the radiation count decreased the closer he 
approached the horse’s carcass.1 

Dr. John Altshuler, currently assistant clinical professor of medicine 
(hematology) and pathology at the University of Colorado Health 
Sciences Center in Denver, investigated the case ten days later and 
was profoundly shocked by what he found: 

When I got close to the horse, I could see that it was also cut 
from the neck down to the base of the chest in a vertical, clean 
incision. At the edge of the cut, there was a darkened color as if 
the flesh had been opened and cauterized with a surgical cauteriz- 
ing blade. The outer edges of the cut skin were firm, almost as if 
they had been cauterized with a modern-day laser. But there was 
no surgical laser technology like that in 1967. . . . 

I cut tissue samples from the hard, darker edge. Later, I viewed 
the tissue under a microscope. At the cell level, there was discol- 
oration and destruction consistent with changes caused by 
burning. 

Most amazing was the lack of blood. I have done hundreds of 
autopsies. You can’t cut into a body without getting some blood. 
But there was no blood on the skin or on the ground. No blood 
anywhere. That impressed me the most. 

Then inside the horse’s chest, I remember the lack of organs. 
Whoever did the cutting took the horse’s heart, lungs, and thyroid
. The mediastinum was completely empty-and dry. How do 
you get the heart out without blood? 

As he further describes in Linda Howe’s book on the animal mu- 
tilations, An Alien Harvest, Dr. Altshuler was also witness to a sighting 
of UFOs in the Great Sand Dunes National Monument park, shortly 
before becoming involved in the mutilation investigation. He had 
heard about sightings in the vicinity and one night went into the park 
by himself. 

“About 2-3 A.M., I saw three very bright, white lights moving 
together slowly below the Sangre De Cristo mountaintops,” Dr. Alt- 
shuler reported. “I knew there were no roads up on those rugged 
mountains, so the lights could not be cars. . . . Those lights were below 
the tops of the mountain range and moved at a slow, steady pace. At 
one point, I thought they were coming toward me because [they] got 
bigger. Then suddenly, they shot upward and disappeared. ...” 

So shocked was Dr. Altshuler by both the sightings and the subsequent
 investigation of the mutilation that he refused to allow his 
name to be associated with either. “I was unbelievably frightened,” 
he said. “I couldn’t eat. I couldn’t sleep. I was so afraid I would be 
discovered, discredited, fired, no longer would have credibility in the 
medical community. My experience in 1967 was so overwhelming to 
me, I denied the experience to everyone, even to myself. . . .”2 

I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Altshuler during the Ozark UFO 
Conference in Arkansas in 1990, and was struck by the sincerity of 
the man. He let me handle preserved samples of tissue taken from a 
mutilated cow and tissue that had been cut with a laser, and the 
difference is readily apparent. 

The Alamosa case was the first to attract worldwide attention, and 
thousands of similar cases have been reported since that time. In about 
90 percent of cases, cattle are involved, but horses, sheep, goats, and 
other animals (including domestic species) have been found mutilated 
in similar circumstances. The phenomenon is by no means restricted 
to the United States.3 

In many cases, sex organs are removed from the animals (Appendix 
3), and this has fueled speculation that satanic cults are responsible. 
While this may be so in some cases, it is doubtful if such cults would 
be able to excise the organs with such immaculate precision, leaving 
no signs of blood or other traces. Neither has anyone yet been caught 
in the act, although large rewards (as high as forty-five thousand 
dollars) have been offered for information leading to the arrest of 
those responsible. Predators have also been blamed for the mutilations, 
but, as we shall see, this theory can only apply in a minority of cases. 
A more plausible theory is that the mutilations are done as part of a 
secret United States Government research project, such as germ warfare
 experimentation. Again, while there are definite indications of 
government involvement in some cases, such as is described in the 
following account, evidence of direct government responsibility remains
tenuous. 


A MILITARY CONNECTION 

In 1988, I received some interesting information from a 
man whose superficial investigation of the Alamosa mutilation led to 
a curious sequel with the military. 

Raymond Ingraham was a sophomore engineering student at the 
University of Colorado, Boulder, in the fall of 1967 when he met 
Mike Kellenbarger, a keen student of the UFO subject who was a 
member of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO). 
During the Christmas break that year, Raymond, Mike, and another 
friend decided to travel to the San Luis Valley, where further animal 
mutilations and UFO sightings had occurred. “Quite frankly, it 
was more of an adventure than a serious research effort,” Ingraham 
told me. 

The distance from Boulder to the San Luis Valley is about three 
hundred miles, and on the way, the group stopped in Colorado Springs 
to pick up some food supplies from the United States Air Force 
Academy, where Mike’s father was an officer. Then they proceeded 
on their journey. 

“We arrived in the Valley very late on a Friday evening and merely 
pulled off the road, as we were in a camper. The evening was bitter 
cold, but uneventful.” The following day, the group was fortunate to 
meet the farmer whose family owned Lady (presumably Harry King, 
who had discovered the carcass). Ingraham continued: 

Although initially very suspicious and somewhat hesitant to 
even speak to us, he gradually warmed up to our visit, and spoke 
freely of the experience. He took us to the spot where Lady was 
found, and even then, so many months after the event, one could 
plainly see the outline of the horse, as nothing would grow there. 
It was at this time that I noticed a gray station wagon about a 
quarter-mile down the road from the farmhouse. I had my camera
 with me and had an 80-210mm zoom lens on it. As the 
farmer was talking, I raised my camera up and slowly panned toward
the car. As I began to zoom in and focus on the car, it abruptly
started up and raised a cloud of dust, obscuring the vehicle 
completely. 

The farmer stated nonchalandy that that sort of thing happened 
all the time, and had increased manyfold since he reported the 
horse mutilation. But he went on to state that it had happened 
prior to the mutilation as well, after he had complained to the Air 
Force about unmarked helicopters skimming across the valley, 
shooting at coyotes, and sometimes frightening livestock. He 
stated that B-52 bombers from an Air Force base in New Mexico 
would come in low at night and do mock bombing runs at the 
sand dunes, creating deafening noise and disruption. 

Returning to the house, the farmer told us several unbelievable 
tales of lights, strange vehicles, and saucers that were fairly common
 in the area. Quite frankly, the isolation of the farm and the 
strangeness of the farmer led me to believe that he wasn’t completely
 sane, but on the other hand, his tale of harrassment by the 
press and the Air Force was not totally unbelievable. He seemed 
to be sincerely sorry that he had reported the mutilation in the 
first place. 

During this trip, on one other occasion while in Alamosa, we 
spotted a gray station wagon parked down the street from us 
while we were refueling our truck. We never were sure if they 
were watching us, although there was a person in the driver’s seat 
even when it was parked. 

The trip was, other than the interview with the farmer, fairly 
uneventful. We saw no unexplainable phenomena, even though 
we spent two nights scanning the skies with binoculars and cameras
. We all agreed that the San Luis Valley would be an ideal 
spot for UFOs to hide, as the vastness of the area is difficult to 
describe. We journeyed back to Boulder. Over time, we all went 
our separate ways. I dropped out of school in 1969, and lost 
track of Mike. 

I received my draft notice in January of 1970, and after shopping
all the armed services, elected to enlist in the U.S. Army, 
and was accepted in the Army Intelligence section, with a specialty
in photo reconnaissance. I proceeded to Fort Leonard 
Wood, Missouri, for my basic training. In my initial screening/ 
clearing interview, I was asked point-blank why I had gone to 
Alamosa in 1967 and what was I doing there. 

Needless to say, I was flabbergasted (a) that they knew I was 
there and (b) why on earth it concerned them. When the discussion
of APRO ensued, they asked me if I had joined, to which I 
honestly replied “No.” This apparently satisfied them. Due to a 
preexisting stomach ulcer I never got into Army Intelligence, and 
was discharged in March 1970. . . .4 


OFFICIAL INVESTIGATIONS 

In the latter days of the Air Force’s project Blue Book 
UFO investigations (1952-1969), Dr. J. Allen Hynek was asked by 
Major Hector Quintanilla of the Blue Book office to interview a farmer 
who had written to Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara immediately
 following a UFO/cattle incident in February 1968. The farmer, 
who lived about thirty miles north of Kansas City, Missouri, had been 
awakened at 3:20 A.M. by the bawling of his cattle. Outside, he saw 
the cows staring up at an illuminated object that appeared to be at 
least a hundred feet in diameter, hovering about twenty to twenty- 
five feet off the ground, making a pulsating, swishing noise. 

The farmer explained that his cows scattered, and the object eventually
took off rapidly. “I have been losing a cow or two now and 
then, undoubtedly stolen without trace,” he wrote to McNamara. “On 
seeing the craft, I remember thinking, “No wonder I have found no 
evidence! They are being hauled off by air!’ ” 

Dr. Hynek conducted an interview by telephone and was impressed 
by the witness, though he regretted not having conducted a personal 
interview. “Blue Book did not, of course, consider it worthwhile to 
expend time and money for me to visit this witness,” he reported. The 
case was simply filed away as “unexplained.”5 

In April 1973, United States Attorney Allen Danielson asked the 
FBI to launch an intensive investigation, following a spate of muti- 
lations in Iowa. Although an agreement was reached to cooperate with 
the Iowa Bureau of Criminal Investigation and several county sheriffs,6 
the FBI appears to have been reluctant to investigate cases. 

Another request was made to the FBI two years later. In August 
1975, following one hundred thirty cases of cattle mutilations in a 
two-year period, confirmed by the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, 
Senator Floyd Haskell wrote to the FBI requesting assistance. In his 
letter, Haskell noted that some rural residents had reported being 
chased by helicopters and that ranchers were arming themselves to 
protect their stock and families. “I talked with FBI Director Clarence 
Kelley and also with his chief assistant in Washington, and they looked 
into possible grounds for the FBI to enter the case,” Haskell reported. 
“But since there is no evidence of interstate movements in connection 
with the reported mutilations, the FBI concluded that it has no jurisdiction
. Although the FBI assistance would have been welcome, 
after talking with CBI [Colorado Bureau of Investigation] officers I 
am satisfied that agency is conducting a thorough investigation. I am 
hopeful that, with the cooperation of local law enforcement officials, 
the CBI will be able to learn who or what is behind the mutilations 
and put an end to the fears of rural Coloradans.”7 

By 1974, ranchers in Nebraska had become so angered by the mu- 
tilations that they armed themselves with rifles and shotguns and 
formed vigilante groups. “Fve never seen anything like this,” Nebraska 
State Senator Jules Burbach commented in September 1974. “Folks 
are almost hysterical.” Since so many unmarked helicopters had been 
seen in the areas where the mutilations had occurred, the ranchers 
began shooting at them. After two bullets penetrated the canopy of 
a utility-company helicopter checking power lines, the Nebraska National
 Guard ordered its pilots to cruise cross-country at higher alti- 
tudes than normal to avoid being fired on by irate ranchers and farm 
hands.8 In some areas, helicopters were grounded. 

In addition to the helicopters, strange lights and UFOs continued 
to be seen by the ranchers. “I have had reports of UFOs in this area, 
but have never seen any myself,” said Sheriff Richards of Cochran 
County, Colorado, in the spring of 1975. “The people who have been 
reporting this all tell the same story. It is about as wide as a two-lane 
highway, round, and looks the color of the sun when it is going down 
and has got a blue glow around it. When these people see this thing, 
in two or three days we hear about some cows that have been 
mutilated.”9 

Later that year, Colorado’s Governor Richard Lamm expressed his 
anger during a meeting of the state’s cattlemen’s association. “The 
mutilations are one of the greatest outrages in the history of the 
western cattle industry,” he announced. “It is important that we solve 
this mystery as soon as possible. The cattle industry already is hard 
hit from an economic point of view. From a human point, we cannot 
allow these mutilations to continue.”10 

In early 1975, the Coryell County deputy sheriff and Department 
of Public Safety (DPS) officials investigating the mutilation of a calf 
near Copperas Cove, Texas, discovered that, typically, the sex organs 
had been removed bloodlessly. Peculiar markings were found near the 
carcass, consisting of concentric circles pressed into the hard ground, 
and in an open field about forty yards from the calf, an area about 
thirty feet in diameter was scarred by similar markings. Clumps of 
dried grass had been pressed down in a circular pattern as if by some 
tremendous force, which had dug up the ground and moved small 
rocks. Some of the clumps of grass seemed to have been “rotated” so 
fast that they had been uprooted. 

The DPS officials speculated that an aerial vehicle had been used in 
the operation. It was later learned that several residents near Copperas 
Cove and Killeen had observed a yellowish-orange light hovering over 
the farmland at around the same time as the mutilation.11 

With the FBI’s initial refusal to become involved, investigations 
were mostly left to local law enforcement officials. The following 
abridged official report (released by the FBI) by Officer Gabriel Valdez 
of the New Mexico State Police provides an interesting example of 
an official investigation into the mutilations. The incident had occurred 
on June 13, 1976, at a ranch owned by Manuel Gomez near Duke, 
New Mexico: 

At the scene, writer examined carcass of a three-year-old black 
White-Faced cow which was lying on its right side. The left ear, 
the tongue, the udder, and the rectum had been removed with 
what appeared to be a sharp precise instrument. No traces of 
blood were left on the skin of the cow. . . . Other evidence on the 
cow was a small puncture on the brisket. No other evidence was 
available as to cause of death. 

Investigations continued around the area and revealed that a 
suspected aircraft of some type had landed twice, leaving pod 
marks positioned in a triangular shape. The diameter of each pod 
part was 14". The perimeter around the three pods was I6V2' 
(6' X 5' X SV2). Emanating from the two landings were smaller 
triangular-shaped tripods 26" apart and 4" in diameter. Investigation
 at the scene showed that these small tripods had followed the 
cow for approximately 600 feet. Tracks of the cow showed where 
she had struggled and fallen. The small tripod tracks were all 
around the cow. Other evidence showed that grass around the tri- 
pods, as they followed the cow, had been scorched. Also a yellow 
oily substance was located in two places under the small tripods. 
This substance was submitted to the State Police Lab. The Lab 
was unable to detect the content of the substance. . . . 

On 06-17-76 writer contacted a Mr. Howard Burgess from Albuquerque, 
N.M., to proceed to the scene and conduct a radiation
 test. This was three days after the incident had occurred. His 
findings were that around the tripod marks and in the immediate 
tracks, the radiation level was twice the normal background 
reading. Mr. Burgess’s qualifications may be checked as he is a retired 
scientist from Sandia Lab, Albuquerque. It is the opinion of this 
writer that radiation findings are deliberately being left at the 
scene to confuse investigators. . . . 

The cow had a three-month-old calf which has not been located
 since the incident. This appears strange since a small calf 
normally stays around the mother cow even though the cow is 
dead... . 

Officer Valdez noted that in all the cattle mutilations that had occurred
 in New Mexico and surrounding states at that time, “the object 
of the mutilations has been the lymph node system.” And he reported 
that on one of the mutilated cows, “a high dosage of Atropine insec- 
ticide was analyzed in the blood system.” Since Atropine is a tranquilizing
 drug, this would imply that either government agents or 
private individuals were responsible in this case, yet the presence of 
the drug need not necessarily be related to the mutilation, and investigations
 into later cases failed to confirm the presence of such drugs. 
During his investigations, Valdez studied several theories for the 
mutilations, including “Satan worshippers” and predators. “Both have 
been ruled out due to expertise and preciseness and the cost involved 
to conduct such a sophisticated and secretive operation,” Valdez noted 
in his report. “It should also be noted that during the spring of 1974, 
when a tremendous amount of cattle were lost due to heavy snowfalls, 
the carcasses had been eaten by predators. These carcasses did not 
resemble those of the mutilated cows.” 

In one of the New Mexico mutilated cows, a substance analyzed 
showed the presence of “an ion exchange resin and Vitamin B12.” 
Valdez concluded in his report that investigations had narrowed down 
to those theories which involved (1) the experimental use of vitamin 
B12, (2) the testing of the lymph node system, and (3) what was 
involved in germ warfare testing, and the possible correlation of these 
three factors.12 

In another case reported by Manuel Gomez of Duke, involving the 
mutilation of an eleven-month-old Hereford-Charolais bull on April 
24, 1978, Officer Valdez reported some additional unusual findings: 

Investigation showed that this . . . bull [had been] dropped by 
some type of aircraft north of Mr. Gomez’s ranch house. . . . The 
rectum and sex organs had been removed with a sharp and precise
 instrument. . . . The bull sustained visible bruises around the 
brisket, seeming to indicate that a strap was used to lift and lower 
the animal to and from the aircraft. . . . 

Prints were found . . . north of the slain animal. These four- 
inch-diameter round footprints led to the animal and . . . 
apparendy returned to a hovering aircraft. The imprints appeared 
to be quite heavy, since the ground was dry and hard. . . . These 
imprints appeared to have scraped the ground as they moved. 

The liver and heart of this animal were removed by this writer. 
Both the liver and heart were white and mushy. Both organs had 
the consistency of peanut butter. The carcass was dehydrated. The 
heart was taken to the Los Alamos Medical Laboratory to be analyzed
 and the liver was taken to three different laboratories. . . . 
The liver was checked against a healthy food-market liver, which 
showed a difference from the mutilated bull’s liver. The bull’s 
liver contained no copper, and four times the amount of phos- 
phorous, zinc, and potassium. No explanation for this condition 
is available at the present time. . . . Also, the blood which came 
off the bull’s nose when it was presumably dropped, was light 
pink in color. . . . 

The hide on the animal was brittle and . . . flesh underneath the 
hide was pinkish in color. A probable explanation for the pinkish 
blood is a control type of radiation used to kill the animal, according
 to radiation experts. The red corpuscles are destroyed 
leaving the pale pinkish color. ... It is believed that this type of 
radiation is not harmful to humans, although approximately seven 
people who visited the site complained of nausea and [illegible]. 
However, this writer has had no such symptoms after checking 
approximately eleven mutilations in the past four months. 

The only entrance to this mutilation site is through Mr. Gomez’s 
front yard. No vehicle was seen or heard entering the pasture
. . . . However, a Mr. Martinez, who was visiting his son-in- 
law Mauricio Gomez (brother of Manuel Gomez), heard a low- 
flying aircraft in the vicinity of where the mutilated bull was 
found at approximately 3:00 A.M. on 4-24-78. . . . 

Investigation of these strange mutilations has been hampered 
by an inability to find laboratories which will perform tests and 
report accurate findings. ... It is writer’s opinion that these animals
 have been marked for some time before they are mutilated
. ... It is writer’s theory that these animals are picked up by 
aircraft, mutilated elsewhere, and returned and dropped from aircraft
. This is indicated from bruised marks and broken bones on 
cattle. 

Identical mutilations have been taking place all over the Southwest
 ... no eyewitnesses to these incidents have come forward
. . . . One has to admit that whoever is responsible for the 
mutilations is very well organized, with boundless technology and 
financing and secrecy. . . .13 


SUBSTANCES TESTED 

Dr. Howard Burgess, the retired Sandia Laboratories 
scientist who conducted a great amount of research into mutilations 
in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado, including, as confirmed
 in the preceding report, those that had occurred on Manuel 
Gomez’s ranch, pointed out in 1979 that up to that time an estimated 
ten thousand cases had taken place in the United States. “To the 
general public, the term mutilation has come to mean a crude sex 
operation done by some unknown cult,” he commented. “This is not 
true for the animals we are examining. In these animals, the same 
parts of the lymphatic and digestive tract are removed from each animal 
in a very precise and bloodless operation. The operation is generally 
performed in the air and the dead animal dropped. Many times the 
animals appear to have received some form of radiation.” 

Burgess discovered that 90 percent of the mutilated cattle were four- 
to five-year-old cows and heifers of less than one year old. Theorizing 
that the animals had perhaps been “marked” in some way, Burgess 
arranged for ultraviolet-light tests to be run on a herd of live cattle 
belonging to Gomez’s ranch on the Apache Indian Reservation near 
Duke. Late on the night of July 5, 1978, one hundred mixed cattle 
were checked, using five different types of ultraviolet lamps ranging 
through the spectrum, which were put in place over a narrow chute 
into which only one animal could pass at a time. 

“To our amazement,” Burgess reported, “three four-year-old cows 
and two young heifers had bright fluorescent splashes on their backs 
or top sides, fitting the pattern of animal types being mutilated in that 
area at that period. No markings were found on their sides, underneath
, or lower parts. We were not able to find any liquid or solid in 
the corral or pasture that glowed with the same color or brilliance as 
the marks on the animals. The fluorescent marking was not from 
material picked up locally. If the animals were marked in advance, 
how was it done? When? By whom?” 

Near midnight, Tribal Police Chief Raleigh Tafoya of the Apache 
police stopped by to see how the operation was going. “Did you see 
the orange light moving around in the sky a while ago?” he asked. “It 
was the kind that always shows up when there’s a mutilation. Maybe 
they’re watching you tonight.” Later that night, two mutilations occurred
 a few miles away on a remote mountain slope. 

About four weeks after the fluorescent hair-containing some apparently
 metallic, organic material-had been removed from the animal
 (for analysis by the Schoenfeld Clinical Laboratories in 
Albuquerque), the fluorescence suddenly and inexplicably “turned 
off.” 

Four days before the ultraviolet test, on July 2, about twenty witnesses
 observed a disc hovering directly above a state-highway inspector’s 
 pickup truck, outside his home in Taos, New Mexico. The 
object was described as being about twenty-five to thirty feet in diameter
, glowing a brilliant pinkish-orange and emitting a “crackling” 
noise similar to that of an electrical high-tension corona discharge. As 
the witnesses watched, flaky material from the UFO showered down 
to the ground, some falling on the truck. The small light-gray flakes, 
averaging about one-sixteenth of an inch by about three-sixteenths 
and as thick as heavy paper, resembled chips of dried paint. Leroy 
Graham, the highway inspector, collected a substantial amount of the 
substance in a sterile fruit jar, and Dr. Burgess (after having learned 
of the incident six months later) arranged for an analysis to be conducted
 by the Schoenfeld laboratory. Dr. Robert Schoenfeld found 
twenty-two elements that generally occur in organic material, plus 
trace elements of europium, lanthanum, yttrium, platinum, and van- 
adium. In addition, substantial quantities of magnesium and potassium 
were found.14 

Dr. Schoenfeld told journalist Larry Statser that the substance he 
tested was of the same chemical composition as the substance discovered
 on the cowhides he had analyzed previously. He explained that 
the material was similar to “slivers or chips of gray paint” with an 
“extremely high” quantity of potassium and magnesium. In fact, the 
potassium content was about seventy times higher than the normal 
amount for earth samples in the Taos area. A test under a spectrometer 
showed the substance to be similar to Teflon in composition, although 
both samples proved to be basically organic, “as opposed to a metal 
compound such as used on aircraft,” Schoenfeld said.15 

Perhaps coincidentally, a mutilated animal, fitting the general age 
pattern of those marked, was found later that year (or possibly 1979), 
a short distance from the point where the UFO had hovered over 
Leroy Graham’s home in Taos. On the night before the mutilation, 
a similar UFO to the one reported in July was again observed in the 
area.16 

In a report to the FBI director alluding to the Taos incident, retired 
FBI agent Kenneth Rommel, Jr., who came out of retirement to head 
a fifty-thousand-dollar FBI investigation established in early 1979 (the 
Animal Mutilation Project), concluded as follows: 

Some of the individuals that are most vocal to the media have 
inferred that these flakes are identical with a substance that was 
taken from cowhides in a controlled test conducted in the Dulce, 
New Mexico, area ... I have not been able to locate a sample of 
the substance reportedly collected in the Dulce test, but it has 
been described as a fluorescent material. 

I have to date been unable to confirm any connection between 
these two substances, and have been told by those that have seen 
both that they are not identical. However, I would appreciate it if 
through the use of a G.S. Mass spectroscopy test or any other 
logical test, these flakes can be identified. This in itself would go 
a long way to assisting me to discredit the UFO-Cow Mutilation 
association theory. . . ,17 

The FBI Laboratory Report identified the material as a “white en- 
amel paint typical of an acrylic latex/emulsion-type exterior house 
paint” which “appears to have originated from a wood substrate,” but 
that the “particular origin and/or manufacture of this paint cannot be 
determined.” 

Commenting on the animal mutilations in general, Rommel concluded
 that “most credible sources have attributed this damage to 
normal predator and scavenger activity”18 (Appendix 6), a conclusion 
he reaffirmed in his 297-page final report in June 1980. But critics, 
including Officer Valdez, pointed out that Rommel had failed to 
investigate the “classic” cases, concentrating instead on those cattle 
that had obviously died more naturally, and had not bothered to talk 
with the ranchers and investigators who were most familiar with the 
problem. Valdez complained that the report “looks very convincing 
because it comes from an FBI agent, but everything he put in the 
report was speculation.”19 

Another critic was New Mexico Senator Harrison Schmitt, whose 
request to the United States attorney general had led to the FBI 
investigation (Appendixes 4 and 5). Senator Schmitt, a former astronaut
with a Ph.D. in geology from Harvard, is reported to have 
declared earlier: “To date, the mutilations have been as mysterious as 
they’ve been grisly. Either we’ve got a UFO situation or we’ve got a 
massive, massive conspiracy which is enormously well funded.”20 


AN ALIEN CONNECTION? 

Inevitably, charges of a cover-up were made, particularly
since ranchers and other investigators had found scant evidence 
of predator or scavenger activity. In most cases, in fact, predators 
would not go anywhere near the mutilated carcasses. And in numerous 
instances, sightings of unidentified flying objects, including mysterious 
helicopters which behaved in an unconventional manner, continued 
to be reported in areas where mutilations had occurred. 

By 1980, researcher Tom Adams had compiled a catalog of about 
two hundred mutilation incidents that involved sightings of UFOs or 
helicopters. In late 1975, the Federal Aviation Administration began 
an official investigation into sightings over northeastern New Mexico, 
but in response to Freedom of Information requests made some years 
later to various FAA offices, the FAA denied having any information 
about the mystery helicopters and UFOs, or any investigation thereof. 

In the early fall of 1976, following twenty-two confirmed mutilation 
cases in Madison County, Montana, between June and October, a 
hunter from Bozeman, Montana, observed an unmarked black helicopter
as it disappeared below a hill in the Red Mountain area near 
Norris. Climbing to the top of the hill, the hunter saw a black helicopter
(which appeared to be a Beil JetRanger) on the ground, its 
engine still running. 

Seven men had disembarked from the craft and were walking up 
the hill toward the witness. As the hunter waved and shouted greetings
, he noticed that the men all appeared to be “Oriental,” with 
slanted eyes and olive skin, and were talking among themselves in an 
undecipherable language. Suddenly, they headed back to the helicopter
, and the hunter followed. As he came to within about six feet, the 
“Orientals” broke into a run, jumped into the helicopter, and took 
off.21 

Shy Asian tourists, perhaps? A conventional explanation is suggested 
in this particular case, even if puzzling questions remain. Other cases 
are completely puzzling, especially those involving more “conventional
” UFOs. 

In one of many incidents cited by Linda Howe in An Alien Harvest, 
rancher Pat McGuire and his cousin Mark Murphy sighted a large, 
orange-glowing object hovering near a ridge on McGuire’s ranch in 
Bosier, Wyoming, in late 1976. Cows could be heard bellowing in 
the distance. Viewing the object from 1.8 miles away through a rifle 
hunting scope, the men could see red, yellow, blue, and white lights 
rotating around the top and bottom of the object. Suddenly, the cows 
became silent. Frightened, the men did not investigate until the following
morning, when it was discovered that a cow was missing.22 

Linda reports that witnesses in the ranching community of Sterling, 
Colorado, frequendy observed a large, hovering white light, with 
smaller lights that appeared to be entering or leaving it. The sightings 
continued “almost nightly” between November 1976 and the spring 
of 1977. 

Logan County Sheriff Harry “Tex” Graves tried to get closer to the 
objects in a light aircraft, but was always unsuccessful. “No matter 
how we tried, we could never get closer than five miles to it,” he told 
Linda. “Several times we observed smaller lights come out of this big 
[light] and then come down toward earth. This huge brilliant light 
would hang in the air and then when it would move, it could move 
up and down, backward, forward, travel very rapidly, and after a while, 
these smaller lights would join up with the larger one and then they 
would disappear.”23 

Graves, who by April 1977 had exchanged information on the 
mutilations with law enforcement officials in twenty other states, was 
informed by Deputy Sheriff Keith Wolverton of Cascade County in 
Montana that on one occasion, a UFO was observed on radar, hovering
 at twenty-one thousand feet before climbing to forty-four thousand
 feet-in the space of three and a half seconds.24 Bill Jackson, a 
reporter from the Sterling Journal-Advocate, succeeded in taking a number
 of photographs of the strange object with telephoto lenses (reproduced
 in An Alien Harvest), and had several close encounters with 
UFOs. One cloudy night, a huge object flew toward him as he was 
driving north on Colorado Highway 61, about thirty miles from 
Sterling: 

I pulled to the side of the road thinking I was really going to 
be on a big story-maybe a 747 coming down in the prairie. I 
stood outside my car and watched it fly right over me. It was 
completely silent-not a sound. . . . There were all kinds of 
lights-green ones, white ones, red ones, orange ones-maybe a 
hundred of them. I couldn’t see any definite shape, but the lights 
seemed to run in lines, maybe like a rectangle or an oval. It was 
as big as a football field, at least 300 feet long, and moving 
slowly below the clouds.25 

During his extensive study of the mutilation phenomenon, Dr. 
Henry Monteith, a retired Sandia Laboratories engineering physicist, 
found that Indians were so terrified of the mutilations that they buried 
the carcasses immediately and were reluctant even to discuss the subject. 
“They don’t say anything about it because they know it’s being 
done by ‘star people,’ ” he is quoted as stating in a 1979 interview. 
“They know why they’re doing it, so therefore we should leave it 
alone. Those are their exact words . . . the ‘star people’ know what 
they’re doing and should be trusted.”26 Monteith was convinced that 
the mutilations were part of an “environmental testing program” by 
aliens who were able to make themselves invisible, thus frustrating all 
efforts at catching them.27 

In an interview with Linda Howe, Sheriff Lou Girodo, who was 
chief investigator of mutilations for the district attorney’s office in 
Trinidad, Colorado, also admitted that aliens could be responsible. 
“It’s possible that these mutilations are being done by creatures from 
outer space,” he declared. Girodo also volunteered his opinion that 
the mystery helicopters could be spacecraft “camouflaged as 
helicopters.”28 

The idea is not as absurd as it seems. Mysterious unmarked aircraft 
have long been associated with the UFO phenomenon, and it seems 
to me to be entirely feasible that aliens might disguise their vehicles 
or even produce facsimile aircraft (sometimes of preposterously un- 
aerodynamic design), as well as render their craft and themselves invisible
, in order to keep us in a perpetual state of confusion. A clue 
to this deception is provided by a number of reports from New Mexico 
describing UFOs that imitate helicopter sounds. 

During 1978, Howard Burgess reports, a Taos city policeman heard 
what he thought was a helicopter hovering over his police car. Stepping
 out of the car, he observed a large wingless cigar-shaped vehicle 
hovering motionless above him. It then took off and disappeared over 
mountains. In another incident, a witness reported seeing a large round 
object near Dulce which made a noise like that of an old two-cylinder 
tractor!29 

Yet, it is equally possible that in many cases, United States Government
helicopters have been involved in secret investigations into 
the mutilations, and as a counterintelligence operation, make a point 
of being seen in areas where mutilations have occurred, thus drawing 
attention away from the actual perpetrators. This theory is endorsed 
by one of the principal witnesses in the Colorado ranch case, as we 
shall learn in the following chapter. 


LITTLE GREEN MEN 

Other theorists allege that the United States Government
is involved with the mutilations as part of a clandestine liaison 
with the aliens. I first learned about this bizarre theory from Paul 
Bennewitz, who in 1980 had taken some 8mm movie films of UFOs 
near Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico-described 
in Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI) documents-and 
who had intercepted and monitored some unusual low-frequency radio 
signals, which he believed were communications from the aliens. 
Whatever the nature of the signals, they were sufliciendy sensitive to 
necessitate counterintelligence measures directed against Bennewitz in 
order to discredit him, according to William Moore, who was himself 
asked by the OSI to monitor the progress of the disinformation that 
Bennewitz was fed. 

“Bennewitz was the subject of considerable interest on the part of 
not one but several government agencies,” Bill Moore discovered. “I 
was personally aware of the intelligence community’s concerted efforts 
to systematically confuse, discourage, and discredit Paul by providing 
him with a large body of disinformation on the subject of UFOs, the 
malevolent aliens who allegedly pilot them, the technology they employ
and the underground bases they supposedly possess and occupy. 
... I watched Paul become systematically more paranoid and 
more emotionally unstable as he tried to assimilate what was happening
to him.”30 

Perhaps some of that disinformation is contained in one of Ben- 
newitz’s letters to me in 1985: 

Research and computer communications would indicate that 
humanoids are made from the specific cattle parts. . . . The huma- 
noid is apparently green. ... A deal was made between the Government
and the aliens. I can only surmise what it was, but based 
upon my evidence we helped build the base-gave them the 
land--in trade for the atomic ship and technology. . . . We agreed 
to the cattle mutilations and lately are or were apparendy helping 
in unmarked helicopters. . . . 

The “green humanoids” are supposedly manufactured by the aliens, 
one of whose bases is said to be under the Archuleta Mesa near Dulce, 
New Mexico (where, interestingly, a preponderance of mutilations has 
occurred), and the “atomic ship,” I was told, is the alleged “Snowbird” 
craft, which during a test flight in December 1980 (escorted by more 
than twenty helicopters), was observed by Betty Cash and two other 
witnesses in Huffman, Texas. Whatever that craft was, it undoubtedly 
irradiated the witnesses and made them very ill.31 

In 1985, Bennewitz invited me to fly with him and photograph 
evidence of this alleged base near Duke, but regrettably, chose to 
cancel the visit. In July 1989, however, I was shown some of Ben- 
newitz’s photographs by his friend Colonel Ernest Edwards, who had 
been in charge of security at the Manzano Nuclear Weapons Storage 
Area at Kirtland Air Force Base at the time of the 1980 sightings. 
Edwards confirmed the sightings to me, and pointed out where they 
had taken place, but neither of us was able to distinguish any unusual 
evidence in the photographs. 
This is not to say that I reject totally the scenario presented by 
Bennewitz. In order to be effective, disinformation should contain 
some elements of truth, and the following story-if true-confirms 
at least one aspect of the “green humanoids” scenario. 

In April 1980, near Waco, Texas, a rancher who had been searching 
for a missing cow that was ready to calve encountered two 4-foot- 
high “creatures” in a clearing between mesquite trees about a hundred 
yards away. 

“They was wearin’ some kind of tight-fittiff green clothes like the 
color of mesquite leaves in the spring,” the rancher told Linda Howe. 
“Even the feet was covered. The hands was shaped like eggs, with the 
pointy end down toward the ground. Between them they was carryin’ 
a calf. Their arms swung back and forth right together. The hands 
was the same color as everything else, all sort of greenish. No other 
color on them.” 

The rancher said the beings looked like small adults, neither fat nor 
skinny, but slightly muscular. No noses or hair could be distinguished. 
Suddenly, their heads turned in unison and the rancher was able to 
see the eyes, which were angled upward and pointed at the end. They 
were “sloe-eyed,” he reported, “like big, dark almonds. I was afraid 
of them seein’ me. Eve read all about them abductions and I didn’t 
want them takin’ me away in some flyin’ saucer! I took off down the 
hill pretty fast. ...” 

The rancher was so disturbed by the experience that he remained 
silent about it for two days. Finally, he confided in his wife and son, 
and together they returned to the site where he had seen the beings. 
There, on the hill, was the remains of the calf, presumably the same 
one carried by the two beings, with its hide pulled back over the skull 
and folded inside out on the ground. No blood was in evidence, and 
a complete calf backbone-minus ribs-was found about a foot away 
from the empty hide.32 


THE HARVEST CONTINUES 

Many researchers reject the possibility that the animal 
mutilations could be caused by alien or nonhuman intelligences, and 
favor less exotic hypotheses. George Erianne, for example, a private 
investigator who spent seven years investigating the subject, concluded 
in 1982 that the United States Government was conducting a secret 
germ-warfare study that necessitated the random selection of cattle 
(supposedly to attract less attention). According to Erianne, helicopters
 were used to transport the tranquilized animal to a location where 
laser surgery removed the organs and the blood was drained for testing. 
He pointed out that the reproductive systems of beef and dairy cows 
closely resemble those of humans, and that other physiological similarities
 include the extremely sensitive mucous membranes in the eye 
cavity, coronary system, and lungs. 

Erianne claims to have received death threats when he publicized 
these findings, which would seem to indicate that he was on the right 
track.33 But why would government agencies risk exposure by mutilating
 so many cattle on privately owned ranches, when they could 
surely conduct such experiments on their own land? And why has no 
one been caught? Furthermore, many experts remain puzzled by the 
fact that traces of blood are seldom found at the mutilation sites or 
in the carcasses. Questioned about this by Linda Howe, Dr. Albert 
McChesney, a Colorado State University pathologist, responded: 
“I would say that it would be virtually impossible to withdraw not even 
all of the blood from an animal without leaving some telltale mark 
that blood vessels had been cut or that the animal had been killed in 
this manner.” Dr. McChesney added that closer examination of the 
carcasses might have revealed the presence of blood that had gravitated 
to the deeper organs or the down side of the animal, but he confessed 
to bewilderment about the blood-draining (exsanguination) technique 
used.34 

The animal mutilations have continued to occur in America, Canada, 
and other countries, but in the majority of cases, no UFOs are reported. 
In August 1987, however, a security guard patrolling the 
grounds of a large corporation in Denver, Colorado, saw a large circle 
of stationary lights over a pasture a few hundred feet away. He was 
loath to report the incident at the time for fear of losing his job, but 
later came to regret this decision when the following morning he 
watched a farmer collect a couple of dead and mutilated cows from 
the pasture. “What kind of technology are we talking about?” he asked 
Linda. “I never took my eyes off those lights. There was no beam, no 
sound-nothing. How did they do it?”35 

A particularly gruesome multiple mutilation occurred on or around 
March 10, 1989, when five pregnant cows were found dead by L. C. 
Wyatt on his property near Hope, Arkansas. On arrival at the scene, 
reporter Juanita Stripling noted that the cows seemed to have dropped 
dead in their tracks. “One cow was lying on her right side,” she 
reported. “There was a large, round cut-out area with the calf lying 
just outside the cow and still in the embroyo sac. . . . There was no 
blood on the ground or on the body of the cow or calf. There was 
also no dampness on the ground of water or body fluids.” 

Pathologist and hematologist Dr. John Altshuler, whose comments 
and photomicrographs of samples from these cows are published in 
Linda Howe’s book, stated that “one would have to conclude that the 
surgical procedure performed on these animals took place quickly, 
probably in a minute or two, and utilized high-temperature heat (for 
example, laser) as a cutting source applied in a fine probe or cutting 
instrument.”36 

A sales engineer claims that a laser required to make the type of 
cuts on these animals would be the size of an average office desk and 
weigh about five hundred fifty pounds. Using existing laser equipment, 
the engineer believes, surgery on one cow alone would take about an 
hour.37 

The unlikelihood of government mutilators is further reinforced by 
these findings, although it is certain that new and secret types of laser 
equipment have been developed by the military. Even as far back as 
1983, IBM announced that it had developed an ultraviolet excimer 
laser which is able to cut without charring and operates at low temperatures
 and “breaks selective bonds between atoms,” thus producing 
smaller molecules that vaporize at a lower temperature. According to 
IBM, however, there were problems with aiming the tiny beam precisely
.38 And even if a perfected device was used to mutilate the cows 
at Hope, we are still left with Dr. Altshuler’s findings (for example, 
indications of high-temperature use), as well as a complete lack of 
evidence for human intrusion at the mutilation site. 

Dr. Chris Oates, an Idaho veterinarian who performed an autopsy 
on a mutilated steer in December 1989, found not only organs and 
blood missing, but also discovered that the heart appeared to have 
been given a powerful electric shock. “I opened it everywhere,” she 
said. “I’ve thought about it a lot and I can’t explain it.”39 

I can’t explain it, either. Perhaps we should remain open to the 
possibility that some alien intelligences require certain substances from 
animals, either for their own sustenance, or for genetic experiments- 
or both. After all, do we humans not abuse animals for similar reasons? 
In 1984, I discussed the question of mutilations with Dr. Pierre 
Guerin, the French astrophysicist, as we enjoyed a steak in a Paris 
restaurant. “The testimonial facts are always doubtful,” he said, “but 
the material facts, independent of the witnesses-as in the case of the 
mutilations-are of a superior degree than testimonial evidence.” 

Dr. Guerin shares my opinion that the mutilations are a manifestation
 of extraterrestrial activity, and is unequivocal in his condemnation
 of the official FBI “Animal Mutilation Project” report, which 
he regards as proof of the deliberate intention of the American authorities
 to deceive public opinion on the UFO phenomenon.40 


=======================================================================
3. COLORADO BREAKTHROUGH 

Although reports of alien beings associated with the animal 
mutilations are relatively rare, there have now been a sufficient number, 
in my opinion, to justify the hypothesis of alien, or at least nonhuman, 
involvement. The following case provides us with an excellent example, 
highlights some complex aspects of the multifaceted nature of UFO 
encounters, and provides us with important clues as to the nature of 
the phenomenon and its interaction with human beings-and animals. 
The case was investigated for the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
 by Dr. Leo Sprinkle, a University of Wyoming psychologist
; Dr. John Derr, a seismologist; his wife Janet; and Dr. Peter 
Van Arsdale, an anthropologist. As a prerequisite to relating their 
experiences, the witnesses insisted on anonymity and requested that 
the precise location of their ranch in Colorado not be divulged. 

The principal witnesses were “Jim,” a former United States Air Force 
security officer and public relations officer with professional training 
in physical and biological sciences; “John,” who at the time held a 
management position in a large corporation; his wife “Barbara,” and 
their teenage sons; and a law officer. 

Prior to the experiences, John and Barbara had pooled their financial 
resources together with Jim in order to purchase the ranch, which is 
located in the Rocky Mountains area. The property included grazing 
area, woods, and springs feeding a pond near the ranch house. After 
settling in, unusual events began to occur, including untraceable humming
sounds, electrical power failures, sounds of someone or something
walking around outside the house, sightings of UFOs and 
humanoids, “Bigfoot”-type creatures observed in the woods, “messages
” broadcast on the radio and stereo systems-and cattle 
mutilations. 

On approximately October 16, 1975, during the night, Jim noticed 
that the cattle were braying loudly, and went outside to see what was 
disturbing them. “We have a large coon hound that was watching the 
property,” Jim recounted, “and the dog was extremely afraid of something
. He was on the porch and wanted in, and I grabbed a gun and 
went out. 

“Range cattle do not usually come close to you, [but they] were 
packing me so tight that I could hardly get through the middle of the 
herd. I walked about halfway to the dam, and above the dam was a 
large lighted object. It was orange and trapezoidal-shaped. I was going 
to see what it was, and I got about halfway there when I realized that 
whatever it was, I didn’t need to know! That was during the cattle 
mutilation days and I had a small-caliber rifle and I decided to leave 
well alone.” 

Jim later learned that a large reward for the arrest of the cattle 
mutilators had been offered, and one night decided to go hunting for 
them with a 12-gauge shotgun. But he found himself unable to move 
from the couch he had been sitting on. “It was like paralysis,” he said, 
“like I was drugged.” 

Simultaneously, Barbara experienced an increase in heart rate, accompanied
 by a sense of panic, a change in her “thinking pattern,” 
and a flood of memories (in common with the sensations described 
by Bob Oechsler in Chapter 10). “I remembered things that I had 
completely forgotten, and that frightened me,” she explained. “And 
by that time I was screaming and Jim came to from whatever his 
problem was--he couldn’t seem to talk. Shortly after that, John 
showed up. I started to tell him what happened, but I couldn’t talk 
about it. Every time I started to, I would stutter. Jim then started 
telling him what happened, and then I was able to talk about it. That 
was the first strange thing ... it had never happened to me before in 
my life.” 


THE FIRST MUTILATIONS 

Some time later (date not given) Joe, the eldest son, together
with some friends, discovered a mutilated cow about two 
hundred yards from the house. “They came back in a panic,” Jim said. 
“It was snowing heavily and we decided the first thing to do was get 
into town and get the law officer. The boys were pretty 
upset. . . because they felt that something was following them. I assumed
 it was a natural paranoia. We went out and I followed the 
route and we found huge footprints that had followed them all the 
way from the cow to the horse barn, and the footprints were even in 
the soft manure inside the horse barn. They were, I guess, eighteen 
inches [long]. I didn’t measure them, but they were quite large-what 
I guess you would call a ‘Bigfoot’ footprint.” 

The cow exhibited classic signs of mutilation. “The udders were 
removed surgically-the sac under the udders wasn’t perforated,” explained
 Jim. “One eye was missing. One ear was missing. And that 
was it. There was no blood-all the blood had been removed. And 
there were no tracks in the snow around the cow . . . the rectum was 
also removed.” 

Jim reported the incident to the law officer, who promised to investigate
a few days later. He never showed up. 

Two weeks later, a second mutilation was discovered, although the 
animal (a bull) did not belong to the ranch. Its head was twisted back 
and various organs and parts of the body removed as if by surgical 
operation. Jim drove into town and called on the law officer, who 
suggested meeting in a restaurant. “I asked him why I hadn’t heard 
from him and why he wasn’t trying to solve this,” Jim said. 

“He explained to me that they knew what the mutilations were and 
they had known for some time. They only report one in four, and in 
this county alone, there had been over four hundred reports by that 
time. It was being done by extraterrestrials, and they had spoken to the 
FBI about it. I told him that I couldn’t believe it, that if he couldn’t 
solve the crime, at least don’t blame it on something like that. I made 
an enemy of the man and I frankly didn’t care, because we had lost 
two cattle.” 


NO KNOWN SPECIES 

One night, at about ten o’clock, two visiting friends and 
a neighboring rancher heard a strange noise emanating from the cistern 
southeast of the house and about sixty yards up a slope. “All of a 
sudden, after listening to this noise,” Jim told the investigators, “a 
huge, dark object pushed its way through the barbed wire and came 
straight at them down the hill. They all came running into the 
house. ... We subsequently went back and traced the route and sure 
enough, there were some footprints. 

“I removed some hair from the fence, noticing that it [had] pushed 
its way through the barbed wire; it didn’t jump the fence, but just by 
force alone, spread it and went through. There were long strands of 
hair. . . .” 

Jim collected the hair and took photographs of the footprints. Samples
 of the hair were sent to a biogeneticist in Denver, who reported 
that it matched “no known species.” 

“By then I was getting more and more upset about the activities,” 
Jim related. “One law officer was encouraging me to keep my mouth 
shut about it because he didn’t want a full-scale panic in the county. 
I told him I wasn’t interested in panics-I was interested in finding 
out who was mutilating my cattle.” 


A CREATURE SHOT? 

By this time, as tensions mounted, everyone in the house 
had become fearful and depressed. Jim began to sleep near the front 
door, with a gun beside him, staying awake for most of the night, 
hoping to catch the “culprit.” “I was beginning to suspect that somehow
the real-estate man was involved; that he was trying to make us 
break the contract so he could resell the house.” 

Alerted by a humming sound at about two A.M. one night, Jim 
looked out of the window and saw a disc-shaped object flying slowly 
past the front of the house and up the gully. 

On other occasions, Jim saw a hairy creature running near the house. 
“I was tolerating it to a certain degree. One night I didn’t. I went out 
and one was running beside the corral and I shot it. Barbara came 
running out, and when Harry and Roger came back from town, we 
went tracking to see if we could find what I had shot. It didn’t seem 
to hurt it at all. There was a little flinch-I’m a good shot so I know 
I hit it. There was no blood-no traces, no signs. We pursued it on 
to the property next to us. Then I heard this most unusual sound, like 
a double sound: It was a whine with almost a beeping noise 
intermixed.” 

Nothing was found, however. “We returned to the house, and I 
notified the law officer that I had shot one. He gave me hell and told 
me I was lucky this time, and he didn’t want anybody killed.” 


FURTHER INTRUSIONS 

One night, following further disturbances, Jim lost his 
temper and stormed outside the house. “I don’t remember exactly 
what I said, but most of it can’t be repeated. I think I threatened that 
if we can’t have the land, then you won’t either-I’ll blow the whole 
thing away. I meant it, too: I would have destroyed it before I would 
have moved right then.” 

Jim returned to the house and calmed down, then later, went outside 
again. “While outside,” he said, “this voice just came out of nowhere 
and said four words: “Dr. Jim, we accept.” I think that was the first 
time I was really shaken--rather than it just angering or disorienting 
me. That was all. [It was] just like FM stereo; it came from everywhere. 
“There were many smaller incidents that were unnerving. We had 
several friends come out who were harassed one way or the other and 
terrified. I went in and talked to the law officer again. If he really felt 
we were in any danger, I would move the boys. He said that nobody 
he knew of had been hurt. They had lost horses, a lot of cattle and 
animals of one kind or another, and people had been terrified. The 
mutilations were going on at a much heavier rate during this period- 
this was 1976, [and] they were occurring weekly.” 

Also during that period, two airline pilots came out to the ranch, 
asking if they could put an airstrip on the land in exchange for Jim’s 
use of their plane. Jim consented to the plan. About three weeks later, 
one of the pilots and two others were killed in a crash nearby. Others 
who had inquired deeply into the mutilations, Jim learned, had disappeared
mysteriously, including the editor of a magazine. 

Jim also learned that two Air National Guard interceptors, sent up 
to pursue UFOs in the vicinity, had crashed. The next night, two 
squadrons of interceptors circled the area. “I was with Air Defense 
Command,” Jim said, “and I know that when they bring them out, 
they are nuclear-armed and they don’t fly them around for games.” 
He counted twenty-six aircraft, which appeared to be surveying everything
, presumably in an effort to locate parts of the crashed planes. 

“All this was a little unnerving, so I decided I was going to stop 
my inquiry,” Jim told the investigators. “I was going to just quiedy 
mind my own business.” 

One night, at about two A.M., nine discs allegedly landed in the 
front yard, observed by Jim, Barbara, and Harry, a friend. David, 
another friend, was asleep upstairs, but did not respond when called. 
Jim bravely walked out of the house and approached the objects. 
Curiously, although he and Barbara clearly saw disc-shaped devices, 
Harry saw “large, dark football shapes, as if they were blocking part 
of the view.” 

As Barbara watched this incredible scene, her face pressed close to 
the window, she was suddenly struck forcibly in the forehead by 
something, knocking her senseless to the floor for a short time. While 
the others attended to her, the objects disappeared. 

“I thought about it subsequently and wondered why they didn’t do 
it to me since I was the one walking toward them,” Jim commented. 
“But then I began to understand that they did the most practical thing 
that could be done to get me back inside and get both people away 
from the window. And I think I really began to respect how clever 
they were. Then I began to suspect that maybe the government was 
doing it to us. Except that there were a lot of unusual things. For 
instance, David had been paralyzed during the incident; he could hear 
us callings but couldn’t get up until it was over. But then he went out 
walking with me and what we call ultrasonics-the extremely high- 
pitched sounds-were going on out there and continued through the 
night. David was sick for three days. The sound would sometimes 
give us headaches, but not all of us at once-to different individuals 
at different times.” 


THE BROADCAST 

At about two A.M. one night, in the presence of guests, 
the lights went out in the house and a mechanical-sounding voice was 
heard coming from all the radio and TV speakers. “We were sitting 
right in front of a console stereo,” said Jim, “and the voice came out 
of it. I can almost recite the words exactly. They are burned in my 
memory: ‘Attention. We have allowed you to remain. We have interfered 
with your lives very little. Do not cause us to take action which you will 
regret. Your friends will be instructed to remain silent concerning us.’ ” 

One of the guests, Dan, a computer and electronics specialist, was 
determined to find a rational explanation for the mysterious broadcast, 
and dismantled the stereo set. “He went through the whole unit and 
said he couldn’t figure it out,” Jim related. “He checked and the stereo 
was off; the phonograph was on when the lights went off, but the 
radio receiver part was off-it was on phono. We found that the type 
of transmitter it would take, from even close range, to cause a signal 
of that intensity to go through the house, would be beyond our means 
to ever put up.” 


THE BLACK BOX 

In another conversation with the law officer, Jim 
learned about a bizarre incident involving a strange “box.” “He said 
he was out on patrol one night and he saw, in a group of trees, this 
box that was blinking. He didn’t want to go in alone, so he raced 
back to town and picked up another law officer. When he got back, 
the trees were gone, the box was gone-everything was gone. He 
thought they had gone into the ground; he had seen things go into 
the ground before. I’ve never seen that happen.” But Jim did see one 
of the boxes. 

Together with John’s older son, Joe, Jim, on a compulsion, drove 
up one night in January 1977 to the top of a hill to where a thirty- 
five-foot circle had been for some time, and nothing had grown there. 
In the trees, a yellow light could be seen, apparently shining on 
the car. 

“We got out and walked over, and there was a box on the ground,” 
Jim said. “I told Joe to stay back about ten feet. It was making a 
buzzing sound and there was a light, like inside it but not on it- 
hard to describe. It was night, but there was a full moon, and as I 
walked to about four feet from it, it changed its tone entirely. It 
sounded like a bunch of angry bees. The sound went up, so I backed 
away and told Joe to go back to the car and watch me as I walked up 
to the box. We then walked back to the car, and I told Joe that whatever 
happens, do not leave the car. Then I walked back and the box was 
gone!” 

CONTACT 

Later that night, Jim noticed another light in the trees. 

I told Joe to go on to the house, and I walked down into the 
trees. And I think that’s the closest I ever came to being afraid. I 
had to force my legs to take me down, because I didn’t know 
what I would see. 

I walked down to the light and there were two individuals 
waiting for me in the light. The light didn’t come from anywhere
-I can’t describe it-it was just light. They obviously 
weren’t nervous, and as soon as I walked up, they spoke to me by 
name and told me-I can quote that exactly: “How nice of you 
to come.” It was just as though I had been expected. Down 
below, possibly fifty to sixty feet from us, was a disc on the 
ground. It was lightly lit, just light enough to see. 

And I had no doubts that these were two men. They were approximately
five feet six inches tall, I would say. They had on 
tight-fitting clothing, you know, like a flight suit. I noticed the 
clothing changing colors, from brown to silver, but I don’t know 
how. They were very fair, had large eyes, and seemed perfecdy 
normal, completely relaxed. They had blond hair with something 
over the head, but I could still see their hair. The hair was obviously
 blond and wasn’t long; it didn’t make much of an impression
. The thing that impressed the most was the eyes. . . . Their 
facial features were finer. They were almost delicately effeminate 
[and] completely self-assured. 

I was up there maybe five minutes. They apologized for the in- 
conveniences they had caused us, and told us that a more equitable
arrangement would be worked out between us, whatever that 
means. I wanted to ask a lot of questions but found that I 
didn’t-you know, like, “Where are you from?” I didn’t ask any 
of that. There are several things they asked me not to repeat that 
have no significant meaning at all. I think maybe they were just 
checking to see if I would keep my mouth shut. I told them that 
if they were mutilating cattle, it was very foolish to do so and 
draw that much attention to themselves. They didn’t give me any 
earth-shattering information or even admit they were mutilating 
the cattle. The only thing I found out for sure is that this big 
fuzzy thing, “Bigfoot,” obeys the commands. 

They mentioned the box and that I did the right thing backing 
away from it-it was what I called an implied threat. They nodded
, and approximately twenty to thirty feet away, “Bigfoot,” as I 
called him, got up and walked toward the box. The box changed 
tone and he dropped. They said, “As you can see, they are quite 
lethal.” 

They said that they would come back and talk again. There 
were no good-byes; I just somehow felt it was time to go. They 
did tell me that my memory wouldn’t be tampered with. I 
thought about all of the things I would have liked to have 
asked ... I hadn’t decided they came from space and I’m still not 
sure of that. They looked enough like people . . . that was my first 
thought; that somehow the government was trying to do this. 
They were completely self-assured; they spoke vernacular English. 
I was pretty rocked, because I did see the disc and it was quite 
clear. I walked on back to the house ... I was excited over the 
“more equitable arrangement.” I guess I had some illusion that 
they were going to give me the cure for cancer, or a billion dollars
or something. ... I couldn’t figure why they had even bothered
to talk to me. It was obvious that I was supposed to come. 
They didn’t say anything that would indicate why, except “a more 
equitable arrangement.” 


PURPOSE 

Jim felt sure that some kind of permanent alien installation
was located on the ranch. “Our ranch overlooks a military 
installation; we have a perfect view,” he explained to the investigators. 
“I can only assume that they are watching us-watching our military 
potential. 

I’m reasonably sure that they play rough. It’s not big brothers 
from space who are interested in us as spiritual beings or whatever. 
I’m absolutely convinced that they couldn’t care less if we 
live or die. We’re nuisances, although I think they may be more 
humanitarian than we are. I have no doubts that they are mutilating
 the cattle-none at all. The cattle are being lifted into the air, 
they are being drained of blood, they are being mutilated, and 
they are being lowered. If they wanted to do just biological research
on cattle, they could have disposed of the remains without 
them being found. It is obviously some intent to instill fear and it 
has been quite successful. 

I figured out early in the game that the government is sending 
in helicopters in large numbers from several sources, but they are 
doing it to cover what is really happening. I’m absolutely sure 
that the helicopters have nothing to do with the mutilations. And 
the helicopters are not of sufficient size to lift a twenty-six- 
hundred-pound bull. Also, you could hardly carry a bull away in 
a helicopter in a manner so that it wouldn’t be seen. 

During a discussion about the mutilations with an officer at the 
nearby Air Force base, Jim learned that the base had had its share of 
troublesome UFO incidents, and that directives existed on how to 
deal with them. The officer also asked Jim if he had experienced any 
trouble with “Bigfoot.” (In fact, about twenty people witnessed them 
on various occasions at the ranch.) Apparently, the Air Force had 
directives on these elusive creatures, too. 


A RATIONAL EXPLANATION? 

“It is possible it could have been a totally subjective 
experience,” Jim rationalized, in summing up these and other extraordinary
experiences at the ranch. “Even with all of us, it could have 
been hallucinations. It could have been a lot of things. Maybe none 
of it happened. Maybe everybody there was deceived in some way. I 
can’t picture how, but just because I can’t picture it, doesn’t mean it 
couldn’t happen.”1 

I asked Dr. Leo Sprinkle, one of the investigators, for his impressions
of the witnesses. “My initial reaction was one of doubt,” he 
replied. “The witnesses seemed so cautious, even evasive. However, 
later, I viewed them as reliable and sincere. Perhaps the initial meeting 
with three Ph.D.s was intimidating-[the wife] worried about their 
experiences being publicized and affecting her husband’s business relations
 ... I conducted no formal psychological testing. However, my 
impressions-and those of the other investigators, John Derr and Pete 
Van Arsdale-support the view that the witnesses described events as 
accurately as they could; they truly were puzzled by the events-as 
were we!”2 

The investigators all agreed that the witnesses were intelligent, articulate
, and perceptive. “The intellectual and emotional doubts (and 
courage) which are experienced by these witnesses are apparent in 
their conversations and in the way they have conducted themselves in 
the interviews,” they concurred at the time. “The witnesses seem to 
be patriotic Americans, and yet are convinced that U.S. military operations
is not sufficient explanation to account for the strange events 
which they have experienced.” 

This exceptional case incorporates so many facets of the UFO 
enigma that it lends itself to any number of interpretations. Hard- 
headed rationalists will undoubtedly invoke psychological explanations
, such as mass hallucination. Yet, there seem to me to be sufficient 
grounds for assuming that at least some of the incidents have a basis 
in objective reality, even if we are unable at present to comprehend 
the nature of that reality. 


=======================================================================
4. ALIEN LIAISONS 

“My dear friend,” the letter began, “I have just returned 
from Muroc. The report is true-devastatingly true!” 

The letter, from Gerald Light to his friend and colleague Meade 
Layne of the Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, described 
sensational events that he claimed to have witnessed over a two-day 
period in April 1954 at Edwards Air Force Base, Muroc Dry Lake, 
California. 

“I made the journey,” Light continued, “in company with Franklin 
Allen of the Hearst papers and Edwin Nourse of Brookings Institute 
(Truman’s erstwhile financial adviser) and Bishop McIntyre of L.A. 
(confidential names, for the present, please). 

“When we were allowed to enter the restricted section (after about 
six hours in which we were checked on every possible item, event, 
incident, and aspect of our personal and public lives), I had the distinct 
feeling that the world had come to an end with fantastic realism. For 
I have never seen so many human beings in a state of complete collapse 
and confusion as they realized that their own world had indeed ended 
with such finality as to beggar description. The reality of ‘otherplane’ 
aeroforms is now and forever removed from the realms of speculation 
and made a rather painful part of the consciousness of every responsible 
scientific and political group.” 

The “otherplane aeroforms” were supposedly craft flown by the 
“Etherians,” as the Borderland Sciences Research Foundation called 
the occupants of UFOs, which had landed at Edwards AFB some time 
prior to Gerald Light’s visit, and had allegedly given startling dem- 
onstrations to various different groups of scientists and other carefully 
selected individuals, including President Eisenhower in February that 
year. 

“During my two days’ visit,” Light claimed, “I saw five separate 
and distinct types of aircraft being studied and handled by our airforce 
officials-with the assistance and permission of The Etherians! I have 
no words to express my reactions. 

“It has finally happened. It is now a matter of history. 
“President Eisenhower, as you may already know, was spirited over 
to Muroc one night during his visit to Palm Springs recently. And it 
is my conviction that he will ignore the terrific conflict between the 
various ‘authorities’ and go directly to the people via radio and television
-if the impasse continues much longer. From what I could 
gather, an official statement to the country is being prepared for delivery
 about the middle of May.” 

Needless to say, no such statement was forthcoming. But a mystery 
remains about Eisenhower’s whereabouts on the evening of February 
20, 1954. The President, who had been staying with his friend Paul 
Roy Helms at the Smoke Tree Ranch in Palm Springs, ostensibly for 
a golfing holiday, “disappeared” for four hours, causing considerable 
confusion and leading to pandemonium at the subsequent press conference. 
The official explanation given was that Eisenhower had merely 
lost a cap on his tooth while chewing on a chicken leg, and had to 
be taken to a local dentist for treatment. No evidence for the dental 
trip (such as White House memos) has ever emerged, however.1 

Light implies that the demonstration he witnessed in April 1954 
included dematerialization and materialization, a process with which 
he had become familiar during his research into the paranormal, and 
he describes the reactions of the scientists and others alleged to have 
been present: “I watched the pathetic bewilderment of rather brilliant 
brains struggling to make some sort of rational explanation which 
would enable them to retain their familiar concepts,” he wrote.2 

The letter (Appendix 7) is apparendy genuine, but the sensational 
disclosures contained therein are harder, if not impossible, to substantiate. 
Gerald Light is now dead, as are the other witnesses mentioned, 
none of whom ever spoke about the matter publicly and refused 
even to acknowledge receipt of letters sent by various investigators. 
Nevertheless, others have come forward with testimony indicating that 
some remarkable events did indeed occur at the time. 

During a visit to California in the summer of 1954, British writer 
Desmond Leslie spoke with an Air Force man who claimed to have 
seen a disc one hundred feet in diameter land on the runway at Edwards 
on a certain day. Men coming back from leave were suddenly not 
allowed back on the base and were given orders to “get lost.” The 
saucer was allegedly housed under guard in Hanger 27, and President 
Eisenhower was taken to see it during his Palm Springs vacation.3 

Further details have subsequently come to light. Lord Clancarty, 
better known as Brinsley Le Poer Trench, the pioneering UFO researcher
 and author, has spoken with a former American test pilot 
(now a retired colonel) who claims to have been present at Edwards 
Air Force Base during the Eisenhower visit on February 20, 1954. 

“The pilot says he was one of six people at the meeting,” Lord 
Clancarty told a reporter. “Five alien craft landed at the base. Two 
were cigar-shaped and three were saucer-shaped. The aliens looked 
humanlike, but not exactly,” he said, adding that they had the same 
proportions as humans and were able to breathe our atmosphere. They 
did not say where they came from. 

The aliens spoke English, and supposedly informed the President 
that they wanted to start an “educational program” for the people of 
Earth, then reportedly demonstrated their paranormal powers by making
 themselves invisible, causing Eisenhower considerable embarrassment
.4 

The retired colonel, who had been sworn to secrecy, refused to 
allow his name to be disclosed, and I have been unable to persuade 
Lord Clancarty to reveal it to me, which of course leaves us with just 
another unsubstantiated story to add to the collection of rumors about 
the Edwards AFB story. 

There are other similar accounts of the aliens’ knack of rendering 
themselves and their craft invisible. My favorite is a report by the 
South African contactee Ann Grevler, who claimed to have encountered
 a human-type extraterrestrial in the Eastern Transvaal in the 
1950s. Prior to a trip in a spacecraft, the alien made her car invisible 
with a small rodlike device, and when Grevler walked incredulously 
to where her car had been, she gashed her leg on the invisible license 
plate. Fortunately, the spaceman was able to administer first aid, accomplished
 by directing his gaze to the wound, which promptly 
healed. He explained that although it was possible to render objects 
invisible by the power of thought, it was a rather exhausting business 
and gadgets were normally used for the job.5 

In a more recent incident, during a series of landings witnessed by 
adults and children at Voronezh, USSR, in late September and early 
October 1989, one of three giant, silver-suited space beings reportedly 
“zapped” a boy with a beam of light from a fifty-centimeter-long tube, 
so that the boy vanished totally from the scene, to reappear only after 
the alien craft and its occupants had departed.6 

As a postscript to the Edwards AFB affair, it is worth noting that 
Gordon Cooper, the ex-astronaut, disclosed in an interview with Lee 
Spiegel that in either 1957 or 1958, while he was project manager of 
the Flight Test Center at Edwards, a flying disc landed at the base. 
Cooper said that it was “hovering above the ground, and then it slowly 
came down and sat on the lake bed for a few minutes.” 

A camera team in the area filmed the entire scene. “There were 
varied estimates by the cameramen on what the actual size of the 
object was,” Cooper said, “but they all agreed that it was at least the 
size of a vehicle that would carry normal-size people in it.” 

Although Cooper did not witness the sighting, he did study the 
film. “It was a typical circular-shaped UFO. Not too many people saw 
it, because it took off at quite a sharp angle and just climbed out of 
sight... I think it was definitely a UFO. However, where it came 
from and who was in it is hard to determine, because it didn’t stay 
around long enough to discuss the matter-there wasn’t even time to 
send out a welcoming committee!” 

The film was sent to Washington, D.C., and nothing more was 
heard about it. Cooper also revealed that “there were always strange 
things flying around in the air over Edwards.”7 And on several occasions
 in 1951, while serving as a pilot with the Air Force in Germany, 
Cooper chased groups of metallic, saucer-shaped vehicles. In a letter 
to Ambassador Griffith of the Mission of Grenada to the United 
Nations, read out to the U.N. General Assembly during a debate on 
UFOs in 1978, Gordon Cooper stated as follows: 

... I believe that these extra-terrestrial vehicles and their crews 
are visiting this planet from other planets, which obviously are a 
little more technically advanced than we are here on earth. I feel 
that we need to have a top level, coordinated program to scientifically
 collect and analyze data from all over the earth concerning 
any type of encounter, and to determine how best to interface 
with these visitors in a friendly fashion. We may first have to 
show them that we have learned to resolve our problems by 
peaceful means, rather than warfare, before we are accepted as 
fully qualified universal team members. This acceptance would 
have tremendous possibilities of advancing our world in all areas. 

Certainly then it would seem that the UN has a vested interest in 
handling this subject properly and expeditiously . . .8 


A BRITISH CONNECTION 

In september 1962, Swiss esearcher Lou Zinsstag received
 an interesting letter from her friend Waveney Girvan, a publisher
 who was editor of Flying Saucer Review at the time: 

... a colleague at the office where I work-an important editor 
of one of our women’s papers-approached me with a sensational 
story. She hadn’t previously realized that I was interested in the 
subject. Her brother, she tells me, is an extremely important expert
 with one of our famous aircraft firms. Five years ago, he was 
invited to the United States with several of his colleagues in the 
industry to inspect a landed saucer and to meet its pilot. He 
went, and the pilot was exactly as [George Adamski, one of the 
first to claim contact with aliens] has described such a person; he 
communicated by telepathy and he told those assembled that 
beings like himself had infiltrated among us . . .9 

Further details of the alleged 1957 meeting were revealed by Gir- 
van’s friend and colleague John Lade, in a letter to Richard Hall, then 
secretary of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP) in the United States: 

Waveney Girvan wants me to tell you that we have had a leak 
of information through a man who a few years ago was called to 
an international meeting on your side to view a saucer, of the 
type resembling two saucers one above the other. The pilot (who 
was long-haired, ski-suited, and one of distinctly Aryan appearance
) addressed the gathering of scientists and aeronautical experts
 telepathically, and we are told that it was an extraordinary 
experience to hear the audience break through the silence by 
laughing together sometimes, thus proving that they were receiving
 successfully. However, as the pilot proceeded to describe the 
motive power of the craft, the audience lost grip and even the 
most advanced scientists present could no longer follow the concepts
offered to them. . . . 

Ross Hall, the aeronautics expert (whom I have been unable to 
trace), was dismayed to learn that his sister had related the story, 
having signed an oath of secrecy in the United States, and on July 
11, 1963, when John Lade met him at the De Havilland Aircraft 
Company, Hatfield, England, he denied everything. As Lade wrote 
to Zinsstag: 

I told him of my active interest in getting at the truth of our 
subject and my reason for approaching him, ending with the 
question if the story Waveney heard was true. At first, he avoided 
my question and began to give his views on saucers which were 
rather primitive, but I felt he was treating them seriously and I 
brushed them aside to return to the question. 

He did not admit to having pulled the leg of his sister but he 
confessed that he regarded her as being connected with the newspapers
 and he might have said something to her, but he confirmed
 that he had never seen a saucer on the ground, nor heard 
a lecture, nor had his visits to America had anything to do with 
the subject. When he left he said he would speak to his sister and 
I felt he meant he would put things right.10 

If Ross Hall had merely teased his sister, he did a good job. Waveney 
Girvan had been impressed with the fact that she had been genuinely 
perplexed and interested in the subject, and had never spoken about 
the matter with anyone else as far as he knew-certainly not to the 
press. 

If it were not for the fact that I have spoken with a number of 
completely honest “closet contactees” around the world, who claim 
to have had similar experiences, I would have rejected such stories 
long ago. In 1963, for example, a close friend of mine whom I have 
known since 1952 and whose account is the most convincing I have 
come across, observed the landing of a flying disc in the north of 
England and subsequently made contact with two extraterrestrials. 
The meetings lasted over a period of about a year, usually in the 
presence of a few scientists who were liaising with the aliens on a 
highly secret project. On one occasion, my friend had the opportunity 
of seeing one of the craft at close quarters, but was not allowed to go 
inside. 

Apart from a barely noticeable difference in the eyes, the aliens were 
very similar to humans. A great deal of information was given during 
the course of these meetings, as well as a few demonstrations of tech- 
nical and mental abilities which transcended those of normal human 
beings. At no time did they reveal their origin, but they did mention 
that they had bases on Earth. They also refused to discuss the purpose 
of their current visits with my friend, other than to admit that they 
were “obviously not for entirely philanthropic reasons.” They did 
reveal, however, that on several occasions, over a long period of time, 
they had been responsible for genetically upgrading the human species. 
It was implied that other, less evolved beings were also visiting our 
planet. 

Though highly evolved spiritually, these people were “down to 
Earth” in the sense that they enjoyed creature comforts. And-thank 
heavens-they had a sense of humor. 

Naturally, I am unable to prove that these events actually occurred, 
nor would I wish to do so in this particular case-even if I could. 
The extraterrestrials seem reluctant to establish contact with humanity 
at large, preferring to keep us at a safe distance. And who could blame 
them? Yet, I am convinced that contact has been established with 
many individuals and groups throughout the world. 


PRESIDENTIAL KNOWLEDGE 

A number of american presidents have made positive 
statements about the UFO subject, most notably Jimmy Carter and 
Ronald Reagan. In 1976, Carter admitted during his campaign that 
he had seen a UFO while he was governor of Georgia in 1969. “If I 
become president,” he added, “I'll make every piece of information 
this country has about UFOs available to the public and the scientists
.”11 Carter, a graduate in nuclear physics, was thwarted in his 
attempts to reopen investigations, and it is also likely that he may have 
changed his mind when presented with a presidential briefing on the 
subject (see Chapter 6). 

If extraterrestrials are visiting Earth, many ask, why do they not 
land on the White House lawn and establish direct contact with the 
president? They have not landed on the White House lawn, of course, 
(although UFOs have appeared above Washington’s Capitol area on 
several occasions), but there is circumstantial evidence that some presidents
 may have had contact. 

One of the earliest contactees is Daniel Fry, a former pioneering 
rocket engineer who claims to have been taken for a flight aboard an 
unmanned craft on July 4, 1949, when he was working with the 
Aerojet General Corporation at White Sands Missile Range, New 
Mexico. 

Communication was established via an intercom with an alien who 
claimed that some of his ancestors had lived on Earth tens of thousands 
of years ago, and that his race was now essentially independent of 
planetary existence, preferring to spend most of their time in huge, 
fully equipped spaceships. Their life expectancy was said to be about 
two and a half times that of ours. 

In 1976, I spent several days with Dan Fry at his home, then in 
Tonopah, Arizona. He told me that he was contacted physically by 
the visitor in 1954, five years after the initial encounter (perhaps 
coincidentally the year of the alleged Edwards Air Force Base incidents
). According to “Alan” (the name he used), it had taken five 
years to become acclimatized to our environment and to establish 
certain terrestrial credentials, including, of course, a birth certificate 
and passport, which had supposedly been acquired with the aid of a 
cooperative official. Alan assumed the identity of an “international 
businessman” and subsequendy established a liaison with a number 
of high officials-including some American presidents.12 

These claims are outrageous, of course. But Dan has shown me a 
letter from President Reagan, which at least shows that the two men 
were on friendly terms. It is also known that Reagan has a keen interest 
in the subject, having observed UFOs on two occasions. 

One incident took place when Reagan was governor of California, 
during a flight one night in 1974. “I was the pilot of the plane when 
we saw the UFO,” reported Reagan’s pilot, Bill Paynter. “Also on 
board were Governor Reagan and a couple of his security people. We 
were flying in a Cessna Citation. It was maybe nine or ten o’clock at 
night. We were near Bakersfield when Governor Reagan and the others 
called my attention to a big light flying a bit behind my plane. It 
appeared to be several hundred yards away. It was a fairly steady light 
until it began to accelerate, then it appeared to elongate. Then the 
light took off. It went up at a 45-degree angle . . . from a normal 
cruise speed to a fantastic speed instandy.” 

Reagan himself described the incident to Norman Miller, then 
Washington bureau chief for The Wall Street Journal. According to 
Miller, Reagan ordered his pilot to follow the object. “We followed 
it for several minutes,” said Reagan. “All of a sudden, to our utter 
amazement it went straight up into the heavens. When I got off the 
plane I told Nancy all about it. And we read up on the long history 
of UFOs ” 

Miller then asked Reagan if he believed in UFOs. “When I asked 
him that question, a look of horror came over him. It suddenly dawned 
on him what he was saying-the implications, and that he was talking 
to a reporter. He snapped back to reality and said, ‘Let’s just say that 
on the subject of UFOs I’m an agnostic. . . .’ 

“I didn’t report the conversation at the time,” said Miller. “Reagan 
didn’t go into detail about the research he and his wife had done, 
because it was at that point that I asked him if he believed in UFOs, 
and he clammed up.”13 

During a screening of the film E.T. at the White House in the 
summer of 1982, President Reagan is reported to have whispered to 
producer Steven Spielberg: “There are probably only six people in this 
room who know how true this is.”14 

In addition, Reagan has publicly stated on at least three occasions 
that a threat from outer space would have a unifying effect on the 
world’s nations, and he has raised the matter with both the former 
president Gorbachev and Edvard Shevardnadze, the former Soviet 
foreign minister. According to Fred Barnes, senior editor of the New 
Republic, during a luncheon in the White House with Shevardnadze 
in September 1987, Reagan wondered aloud about what would happen
 if the world faced an “alien threat” from outer space. “Don’t you 
think the United States and the Soviet Union would be together?” he 
asked. Shevardnadze said yes, absolutely. “And we wouldn’t need our 
defense ministers to meet,” he added.15 

Since Reagan’s comments have been dismissed as purely hypothetical
speculation, let me quote from a speech given by Mikhail Gorbachev
at the Kremlin, during which he commented on the 1985 
summit conference: 

At our meeting in Geneva, the U.S. President said that if the 
Earth faced an invasion by extraterrestrials, the United States and 
the Soviet Union would join forces to repel such an invasion. I 
shall not dispute the hypothesis, though I think it’s early yet to 
worry about such an intrusion. . . .16 


“THE BOYS UPSTAIRS” 

Major Hans Petersen, who was in charge of air traffic 
control for the Royal Danish Air Force from 1949 to 1976-the first 
such military controller in Denmark-has seen UFOs on a number 
of occasions, including some that were remarkably similar to those 
photographed by contactee George Adamski and others. And on one 
occasion, in about 1960, he tracked up to twenty-two unknown targets 
on radar and personally gave the order to scramble four jets to 
intercept. 

But of relevance here is a letter that Petersen received from a U.S. 
Army brigadier general (now deceased) describing his alleged liaison 
with extraterrestrials, whom he called “the boys upstairs.” Although 
I have had a copy of the text of the letter for many years, it was only 
in 1990 that Hans kindly sent me a copy of the original, with the 
name, address, and date deleted. The relevant extracts are as follows: 

What I am about to impart to you, I am asking you as a fellow 
Veteran not to divulge the source of-you are free to repeat it, 
but not the source. . . . 

I was contacted late one night 11 years ago, while working late 
in my shop to finish a printing job. True, like most intelligent 
beings, I was interested and curious, but had no expectation of a 
contact. They came to my shop door, insisted on my opening it, 
came in, looked around a bit, spoke no word, motioned me to 
come outside. As I did so I became aware of a large object, a few 
feet overhead. 

I was taken aboard, and had my first experience of positive tele- 
pathy; a very informative few minutes. They left saying they 
would return soon. They kept their word and they returned, I 
think I can honestly say a few hundred times since, in the past 11 
years. 

They have requested that I act as their physical earth-man contact
with quite a number of our national and religious leaders, 
and my identity and nationality must remain a strict secret, except 
with their permission as in your case. You can understand, that if 
my identity and work were to become known, I would never 
have a single moment’s rest, and would soon become worthless to 
both them and the problems I attempt to handle. . . . 

Among their own people they use thought only, but. . . they 
have learned to speak our language so perfectly that if one of 
them was to step up and speak to you . . . you would not recognize
him from one of your own people, and in appearance, probably
the greatest difference you would note would be his 
handsome features and perfect proportions physically. . . . 

The brigadier general explained that “the boys upstairs” had mastered
the languages of those they contacted by means of their close 
proximity to Earth over a period of two thousand years, but in cases 
where difficulties arose, they made use of a translating device, which 
they were helping us to develop. “In this manner, too,” he explained, 
“they can speak to us ... if they are near to their ships; the difference 
being that they can transmit by thought to their machines and have 
it speak vocally. I know these things work, because I have used 
them. ...” 

The remainder of the letter contains material similar to that disseminated
by the typical contactees of the 1950s, some of which I have 
difficulty accepting: for example, that our solar system (comprised of 
twelve planets) is fully populated! This would tend, of course, to 
discredit everything else in the letter. Maybe the retired general had 
simply lost his marbles-or maybe he was lied to. I don’t know. If it 
were not for the fact that I have spoken to so many apparently honest 
witnesses who have made similar claims, I would have discarded the 
story long ago. 

Human-looking aliens are not currently as fashionable as the litde 
bug-eyed beings most frequendy associated with abductions. Partly 
because of the association with contactees, reports of encounters with 
the human variety tend to be discarded or overlooked. In addition to 
the sometimes ludicrous points of origin given, the banal and evangelical
tone of the “messages” sometimes (but not always) dispensed 
to many of the contactees is another reason why we tend to discard 
such reports. Yet, the difference may be only academic. Plenty of 
abductees have been given silly messages by the bug-eyed beings, and 
numerous witnesses claim to have been abducted by the more human 
variety. Both types (as well as other beings) continue to be reported, 
and in some cases have been observed simultaneously during a close 
encounter. In the Colorado ranch case, we learned how the “Bigfoot” 
entities were associated with human types. Let us now look briefly at 
the case of Travis Walton, who encountered both human-appearing 
and other beings-a contact involving no communications at all. 


AN ALIEN COOPERATION? 

The initial stages of Walton’s alleged abduction in an 
Arizona forest on November 5, 1975, were witnessed by six people, 
when he was knocked senseless to the ground by a beam of light from 
a hovering UFO. The others fled from the scene in terror, and on 
returning later, found no trace of Walton. When he recovered consciousness
, in considerable pain, Walton found himself in a strange 
room with three humanoids a little under five feet in height, dressed 
in one-piece coveralls. 

The beings had bald, oversized heads, with almost chalk-white, 
slightly translucent skin. “They had bulging, oversized craniums, a 
small jaw structure, and an undeveloped appearance to their features 
that was almost infantile,” Walton reported in his book. “Their thin- 
lipped mouths were narrow, and I never saw them open. Lying close 
to their heads on either side were the tiny crinkled lobes of their ears. 
Their miniature rounded noses had small oval nostrils.” 

The most noticeably different features were the eyes. “Those glis- 
tening brown orbs had irises twice the size of a normal human 
eye . . . The iris was so large that even parts of the pupils were hidden 
by the lids, giving the eyes a certain cat-like appearance. There was 
very little of the white part of the eye showing. They had no lashes 
and no eyebrows . . . Their sharp gaze alternately darted about and 
then fixed me with an intense stare-a look so piercing that it seemed 
they were seeing right through me.” 

No communication of any sort took place as Walton wondered how 
to make his escape, having already struck one of the beings. Eventually, 
as he was on the point of attempting to throw himself at them, they 
turned and hurriedly left the room. 

Walking around the craft, Walton came across an unusual chair, 
with a console and screen on the arms. The closer he approached this 
chair, the darker the room it was in became, apparently showing the 
darkness of space through an increasingly translucent wall. (Dan Fry 
reported that the entrance of the craft he traveled in was rendered 
opaque by a beam of light, enabling him to see outside.) After playing 
around with the console, which caused apparent movements of the 
craft in relation to the stars, Walton was confronted by what he took 
to be a human being standing in the doorway. 

The man was about six feet two inches tall, muscular, with a tight- 
fitting bright blue one-piece suit and a transparent helmet. Walton 
felt a sense of relief, assuming the man to be from NASA or the Air 
Force, and remonstrated with him, begging him to explain what was 
happening. But the man remained silent. 

“He had coarse, sandy-blond hair of medium length that covered 
his ears,” Walton wrote. “He had a dark complexion, like a deep, even 
tan. He had no beard or mustache. In fact, I couldn’t even see stubble 
or dark shadows of whiskers. He had slightly rugged, masculine features
and strange eyes. They were a bright, golden-hazel color-but 
there was still something else odd about those eyes that I could not 
quite place.” 

The man then took Walton on a guided tour, merely smiling tol- 
erantly in response to further questions. They came out of the craft 
into a large hangarlike enclosure, where two or three other craft were 
parked, slighdy smaller than the one he had presumably arrived in. 
On entering a room beside the hangar, Walton was surprised to see 
two more men and a woman, dressed identically to the first man but 
without helmets. 

“The woman also had a face and figure that were the epitome of 
her sex,” said Walton. “They were smooth-skinned and blemish- 
less . . . They looked alike in a family sort of way, although they were 
not identical. They all had the same coarse, brownish-blond hair. The 
woman wore hers longer than the men, past her shoulders. She did 
not appear to wear makeup. They seemed to all be in their mid- 
twenties, perhaps older. They all had the same intense, golden-hazel 
eyes. Whether it was the brightness of their eyes or some other feature, 
something was definitely odd about their eyes; I just could not tell 
what it was.” 

Walton was put on a table, the woman approached him with what 
looked like an oxygen mask without tubes, and the next thing he 
remembers is waking up on a pavement west of Heber, Arizona, 
watching a circular object rising from the road and departing silently. 
As it transpired, five days had elapsed since the initial encounter.17 

Walton’s case inevitably led to considerable controversy-as all such 
cases do-but a number of psychiatrists and polygraph examiners 
testified that he had been telling the truth. “Our conclusion, which is 
absolute, is that this young man is not lying, that there is no collusion 
involved, and no attempt to hoax,” stated Dr. Rosenbaum, one of 
three psychiatrists who examined Walton.18 A Minnesota Multiphasic 
Personality Inventory conducted by Lamont McConnell indicated “no 
deviations that would point to psychosis.” 

In October 1978 I interviewed Walton in his hometown of Snow- 
flake, Arizona, and was impressed by his sincere and reserved manner. 
I also spoke with a few neighbors (including a priest) who told me 
that Walton was totally truthful and had suffered from the ridicule 
heaped on him. 

It is important to emphasize that everything Walton describes as 
having happened to him during the five days was recalled fully con- 
sciously, and although he was subsequendy hypnotically regressed, no 
further information has come to light so far (or at least, up to 1978). 
“Do you think that the time will ever come when the subconscious 
memories will come out,” I asked him, “or would you rather they 
remained buried forever?” 

“Someday, maybe,” he replied. “I just know that I’m not ready now. 
The knowledge to be gained, curiosity to be satisfied is one thing, but 
then, you know, there is the difficulty of what I may have to deal 
with-the memories or whatever . . . I’m open to any possibility, and 
I don’t claim to be an expert on it. All I know is what happened to 
me.”19 

The inference from Walton’s experience is that there is some kind 
of liaison between human-type aliens and others that look like nothing 
on Earth. Whether or not the others are related in any way, or are 
biological robots, is open to debate. 

“Who was cooperating with whom?” Walton asked. “I saw nothing 
to indicate the answer to that question. In fact, I never saw the two 
types together in one place at the same time. There was nothing to 
indicate that one type was a bred-up slave of the other. Further, there 
was nothing that would indicate friendly cooperation, either. . . . But 
then again, the aliens and the human type might have been cooperating 
with each other in my abduction from the very start. There might 
exist an interaction and cooperation of all intelligent life-forms in 
space. . . .”20 


AN AIR FORCE CONTACT 

A description of aliens remarkably similar to the non- 
human types reported by Walton was given by a United States Air 
Force mechanic, Sergeant Charles Moody, who claims to have been 
taken on board a craft near Alamogordo, New Mexico, on August 
13, 1975, three months prior to Walton’s experience. 

“The beings were about five feet tall and very much like us except 
their heads were larger and had no hair, ears very small, eyes a little 
larger than ours, nose small and the mouth had very thin lips,” he 
consciously recalled later. “There was speech, but their lips did not 
move ... It was like they could read my mind, and I believe they did 
because the elder or leader would speak sometimes before I would 
ask something.” 

At one stage, the “leader” touched Moody’s back and legs with a 
rod-type device. “When I asked what he was doing he said there had 
been a scuffle when they first made contact with me and he only wanted 
to correct any misplacement that might have happened,” Moody 
explained. 

The contactee was told that our radar interferes with their navigational
 system (a claim also made by William Herrmann, who was 
abducted by similar beings in a series of incidents commencing in 
1978 21). During the two-hours-and-forty-minute encounter, Moody 
was allegedly shown the drive unit, contained in a room about twenty- 
five feet across. “In the center was what looked like a huge carbon 
rod going through the roof of the room; around the rod were three 
what looked like holes covered with glass. Inside the glass-covered 
holes or balls were what looked like large crystals with two rods, one 
on each side of the crystal. One rod came to a ball-like top, the other 
one came to a ‘T’ type top. . . . There were no wires or cables.” 

Moody then observed what looked like a large black box on the 
side of the room. “I asked about it and was told what it was but then 
was told not to ever reveal what the black box was for. I have really 
tried to remember but I can’t remember about the black box, only 
that it was there.” 

It will be recalled that a “black box” features in the story of multiple 
phenomena on the Colorado ranch (Chapter 3), although it would 
be pure speculation to ascribe a similar application to the one mentioned
 here. 

Moody was told by the aliens that the craft they were on was not 
their “main craft,” which was then four hundred miles above the Earth 
and utilized a different drive unit. 

“It’s not only just one advanced race that is studying this planet 
Earth, but a group of them,” Moody was supposedly informed, “and 
within three years from now they will make themselves known to all 
mankind. I can also say that it will not be a pleasant type of meeting, 
for there will be warnings made to the people of the world. Their 
plan is for only limited contact, and after twenty years of further study 
and only after deeper consideration will there be any type of close 
contact. . . . Their intent is a peaceful one, and if the leaders of the 
world will only heed their warnings, we will find ourselves a lot better 
off than before, and at this time it’s not up to us to accept them, but 
for them to accept us!”22 

As with many similar contact accounts, such prophecies usually turn 
out to be false. But does this necessarily mean that the contactees are 
lying? A psychological stress evaluation (PSE) of Charles Moody by 
Charles McQuiston (coinventor of the PSE) indicated that the witness 
was telling the truth. Moody held a high-security clearance at Hol- 
loman Air Force Base and was involved in the Air Force’s Human 
Reliability Program (HRP) where he had been carefully screened by 
a psychiatrist and declared free of emotional disorders. Moreover, his 
supervisor at the base, Sergeant Wright, confirmed that Moody was 
reliable and trustworthy. 


A GOVERNMENT LIAISON? 

In the Philadelphia Experiment, coauthor William 
Moore cites the interesting case of Robert Suffern, of Bracebridge, 
Ontario, who, on the night of October 7, 1975, encountered on the 
road ahead a dark saucer-shaped object about twelve to fourteen feet 
in diameter. 

“I was scared,” he later told a reporter. “It was right there in front 
of me with no lights and no signs of life.” Before he stopped the car, 
the object ascended vertically and disappeared. 

No sooner had Suffern turned his car around to head back home 
when a four-foot-tall humanlike figure with very wide shoulders, “out 
of proportion to his body,” and wearing a silver-gray suit and a globe- 
like helmet, walked right out in the road in front of the car. Suffern 
braked and skidded, coming to within inches of a collision with the 
figure, who immediately dodged, ran to the side of the road, and 
disappeared effortlessly over a fence, “like he was weightless.” 

After arriving home, he again saw the UFO, flying slowly close to 
the road before disappearing vertically. 

The following year, during a lengthy interview with Harry Tokarz 
of the Canadian UFO Research Network (CUFORN), Suffern disclosed
that two months after the encounter, on December 12, he and 
his wife were visited by three officials, who arrived in an Ontario 
Provincial Police car by prearranged appointment. The three men, in 
full uniform, bore impressive credentials from the Canadian Forces in 
Ottawa, the United States Air Force, Pentagon, and the U.S. Office 
of Naval Intelligence. 

The officials allegedly showed Suffern a number of gun-camera 
photographs and other data on UFOs, and implied that the United 
States and Canadian Governments had known all about UFOs since 
1943 (supposedly as a result of a United States Navy experiment 
involving radar invisibility-the so-called “Philadelphia Experiment”), 
stating that they had been cooperating with the aliens ever since that 
time. They said the incident witnessed by Suffern was “a mistake,” 
claiming that a malfunction in the craft had brought it down. Furthermore, 
the officials knew the precise time of the landing, which 
had not been revealed to anyone at that time. 

The Sufferns were also impressed by the fact that the three officials 
answered all their questions unhesitatingly and authoritatively, and 
insisted that the men were legitimate government agents whose identities
could be proven. Suffern was unwilling to disclose further details, 
however, preferring to comply with the government’s desire for 
secrecy.23 


A MEDICAL EXAMINATION 

Dr. Leopoldo Diaz Martinez, a pediatrics and anaesthesia 
specialist, was executive director of the Hospital del Ferrocarril del 
Pacffico in Guadalajara, Mexico, when the following incident is alleged 
to have occurred. 

On October 28, 1976, Dr. Diaz noticed an unusual man waiting 
in his office. He was short-about five feet two inches-with extraordinarily
white skin, “almost the color of milk.” The stranger requested 
a physical examination-blood pressure, heart, lungs, and so on- 
because, he said, he “traveled a lot” and therefore required regular 
medical examinations. Dr. Diaz asked the man to take off his clothes. 
The man was normal in every way, apart from being hairless-with 
the exception of his head, where a small growth of black hair encircled 
the temples-and the eyes. As the doctor approached him, he noticed 
that the color of the man’s eyes was “almost impossible to describe
 . . . like violet,” and that the iris was wider than normal. 

Since it is necessary to relate blood pressure to age, Dr. Diaz asked 
the man how old he was and received the reply that he was eighty- 
four. The doctor was incredulous, because the man appeared to be in 
his forties or fifties, judging from the mature expression on his face, 
although no wrinkles could be discerned. He was, said Dr. Diaz, “a 
good-looking man . . . very well constructed.” 

Heart and blood pressure proved to be normal (120/80), as did the 
lungs and other vital organs. 

Suddenly, the man explained that the true purpose of his visit was 
to impart some important information: 

“I am not from this planet, but don’t be nervous,” he began. “It is 
necessary that you people recognize that many of us are here inter- 
mingled with you, and trying to help, because you are very close to 
having tremendous problems on your planet... You are misusing 
energy sources and it is necessary for you to learn to find another 
source of energy. We are trying to give you this information because 
you are polluting the atmosphere: You are contaminating not only 
your planet but even space, and are very close to being destroyed. . . .” 
Dr. Diaz questioned why he was being given this information, rather 
than government officials and scientists, and was told: “We have approached
your government people and your scientists, but many are 
very arrogant. They don’t want to hear; they don’t want to change. 
We are trying to help, but only in the way you want to receive this 
help. We cannot force you to accept. . . .” 

There followed a lengthy discourse on cosmology, theology, and 
physics. The alien’s comments on the energy crisis were particularly 
apposite. 

“It is necessary for you to find another energy source,” he said, “and 
it is very easy. For that which you call electricity is an eternal energy
 ... it is free. It is possible to get tremendous energy if you know 
how to dissociate electrons, for in this way you can have the free 
energy you need, without contamination or pollution, and this is what 
we use to travel space. . . .” The stranger revealed that his people had 
discovered more subatomic particles than we had, hence their ability 
to tap this source of energy. 

Before the man left the office, Dr. Diaz attempted to learn his origin, 
but other than saying that our solar system has twelve planets, the 
alien merely stated cryptically: “The only thing I can tell you is that 
I come from beyond the sun. . . .” 

At the conclusion of this conversation, held in Spanish, the stranger 
left the office. Dr. Diaz attempted to follow, but by the time he reached 
the corner of the block, the man had vanished. 

At first, Dr. Diaz related this experience only to a few close friends 
and relatives, but subsequendy he was introduced to the UFO Education
Center in California, where he learned that others had claimed 
to have had encounters with extraterrestrials. In the realization that 
he was not alone, he felt secure enough to make the story public- 
and even to make a special trip to New York, where he related the 
details to a United Nations delegation.24 

There will be those who will arbitrarily reject this sensational account
 without further consideration. Others will cast aspersions on 
the doctor’s state of mental health or integrity, accusing him of fab- 
ricating the story for self-aggrandizement. But it is hardly likely that 
a highly respected doctor, who up to that time had been in practice 
for over twenty-five years, would risk his professional reputation with 
such a story unless it had actually taken place. 

When I spoke with Dr. Diaz by phone in 1980, he struck me as 
being completely truthful, and gave me the names of some of the 
United Nations delegates with whom he had spoken in New York. 
The meeting had taken place in the office of Robert Muller, under 
secretary of economic and social development, and accordingly, I telephoned
him at the United Nations. 

Mr. Muller confirmed the meeting with Dr. Diaz, but when I asked 
what the United Nations proposed to do about it, he replied: “Nothing
-nothing at all. I circulated it to some people who might be able 
to do something about it and I had not a single response.”25 


A GERMAN CONNECTION 

“We find ourselves faced by powers which are far 
stronger than we had hitherto assumed, and whose base of operations 
is at present unknown to us,” Dr. Wernher von Braun is alleged to 
have stated in 1959, in reference to the deflection from orbit of a 
United States satellite. “More I cannot say at present. We are now 
engaged in entering into closer contact with those powers, and in six 
or nine months’ time it may be possible to speak with more precision 
on the matter.”26 

Whether Von Braun had aliens in mind may never be known, but 
in view of information I have acquired over the years from reliable 
sources, indicating that contact has been established with a number 
of scientists, the possibility cannot be discounted. 

A colleague of mine, for example, learned from a scientist friend in 
the 1970s that the director of a German/American space research center 
(located in West Germany) was of allegedly extraterrestrial origin. 
This knowledge was restricted to a quorum of scientists at the base, 
and the information apparently supplied by the director proved to be 
invaluable in their research effort. Just another wild, unsubstantiated 
story? Perhaps. But I have to add that my colleague had the opportunity
 of meeting the director in London in the 1980s (together with 
his scientist friend) and is satisfied as to the director’s “credentials.” 
Even Germany’s great space pioneer Dr. Hermann Oberth is reported
 to have endorsed the suggestion of alien liaison. “We cannot 
take the credit for our record advancement in certain scientific fields 
alone; we have been helped,” he is quoted as having said. When asked 
by whom, he simply replied, “The people of other worlds.”27 To my 
great regret, I neglected to ask Oberth about this when I met him in 
1972, but I recall that he did not reject the possibility that aliens might 
have established bases here on Earth. 


DANGEROUS LIAISONS 

But alien contact is infinitely more complex than the 
scenario suggested here. Having spent over thirty years interviewing 
many witnesses throughout the world, it is evident to me that we are 
confronted with a diversity of UFO occupants, and I see no valid 
reason for discarding one type of report on the basis of its failure to 
fit in with our preconceived notions of alien appearance and behavior. 
Nor are all the contactees lying. The aliens themselves are not averse 
to spreading disinformation, as I have remarked elsewhere. 

Many encounters are so puzzling that they will probably remain 
beyond our comprehension for centuries to come. And many reports 
suggest that not all the visitors have our best interests at heart. 

The American journalist Bob Pratt has investigated some disturbing 
cases, including abductions, that took place in remote areas of northeast
 Brazil during the 1970s and 1980s and involve witnesses who 
typically claim to have been struck by beams of light from UFOs, in 
some instances causing serious injury. 

In an incident that occurred on April 23, 1976, Luis Fernandes 
Barros, a businessman and rancher from Quixada in the state of Ceara, 
was struck by a beam of light from a hovering aerial object. Initially, 
Barros suffered from nausea, diarrhea, headaches, and vomiting, and 
doctors and psychiatrists who examined him could only conclude that 
he had a brain lesion. His speech began to deteriorate, and three 
months after the incident, his hair turned white. Six months later, he 
had lost all his mental faculties and regressed to the age of a one-year-old
child.28 

Dr. Jacques Vallee, the distinguished researcher and astrophysicist, 
has also interviewed a number of witnesses in northeast Brazil, and 
concludes that most are truthful, though he rules out an extraterrestrial 
source for the UFOs.29 

It is also in Brazil, of course, where Antonio Villas Boas was ap- 
parently twice seduced by a four-and-a-half-foot-tall alien female 
aboard a spaceship in October 1957. 

The space-suited humanoids who kidnapped Villas Boas very sensibly
took the precaution of taking a blood sample before presenting 
him to the naked female, who was described as “beautiful, though of 
a different type from the women I had known,” with very fair, almost 
bleached hair reaching halfway down her neck. Her eyes were “large 
and blue, more elongated than round, being slanted outward.” She 
had high cheekbones, making the face look wide, but narrowing 
sharply and terminating in a pointed chin. Her lips were thin and 
barely visible. The ears, though small, were no different from ours. 
Her body was more beautiful than that of any women Antonio had 
seen, with “high and well-separated breasts, thin waist, and small 
stomach, wide hips, and large thighs.” Interestingly, the hair in the 
armpits and pubic area was described as very red. 

“Obviously, I would not exchange our women for her,” said Antonio
. “I like a woman with whom you can talk and converse and 
make yourself understood, which wasn’t the case here. Furthermore, 
some of the grunts that I heard coming from that woman’s mouth at 
certain moments nearly spoiled everything, giving the disagreeable 
impression that I was with an animal.” 

Following intercourse, the woman pointed at her stomach and then 
at the sky, and Antonio was escorted off the craft by the other aliens. 
Subsequently, he began to suffer from what can only be described as 
a type of cosmic “clap”: severe headaches, burning and watering of 
the eyes, then excessive sleepiness followed by the appearance of various
 lesions on his body. 

Dr. Olavo Fontes, who later examined and interrogated Villas Boas, 
concluded that he was completely truthful. The physical symptoms 
described, he said, “suggest radiation poisoning or exposure to radiation
, but unfortunately, he came to me too late for the blood examinations
 that could have confirmed such a possibility beyond doubt.”30 
Unlike the majority of abductees, Villas Boas’s experience was recalled
 fully consciously. Other abductees, whose experiences are normally
 brought to light during hypnotic regression, believe that blood, 
ova, or sperm have been extracted from their bodies. 

While in Brazil in September 1988, Dr. Richard Haines and I 
interviewed Elias Seixas, a witness who claims to have been abducted 
with two other men (one of whom was his cousin) in the state of 
Goias, northwest Brazil, on September 25, 1980. Although able to 
recall consciously only the initial and final stages of his abduction (the 
witnesses managed to get some film of the craft, though the quality 
is poor), the more disturbing memories emerged only under hypnotic 
regression. Certain key elements in this lengthy and complex story are 
worth recounting here. 

Seixas told us that the beings he encountered were about six feet 
five inches tall, with slightly Asiatic, violet-colored eyes, the white part 
more gray than normal. They had no eyelashes or facial hair and their 
heads were covered with tight caps. 

Not content with twice pulling Seixas’s hair painfully to get samples, 
the sadistic spacemen apparendy shoved needles (attached to thin 
wires) in his fingertips and between his fingers. They claimed that in 
addition to a genetic purpose, they needed Seixas to educate people 
about their visits, and said they would plant something inside his skull 
that would later help them to locate and communicate with him. 

The naked Seixas was allegedly placed on a table, where the aliens 
proceeded to arouse him sexually by provoking erotic images in his 
mind, and then introduced a tube over his penis and extracted semen. 
So disturbing was this experience that Seixas told me he was unable 
to have sexual relations for months afterward, and that both he and 
to a lesser extent his wife, whom I also met, hear strange noises in 
their heads at certain times. 

Despite the outrageous nature of this story-which, of course, guarantees
that it will not be believed-Dr. Haines and I remain impressed 
with Elias Seixas’s integrity and intelligence. 


ALTERNATIVE REALITIES 

Some of the more bizarre encounters, such as those reported
by Whidey Strieber and others, have prompted several leading 
researchers to argue that all “aliens” are extradimensional rather than 
extraterrestrial in nature. Such arguments are predicated on the false, 
in my view, assumption that the two hypotheses are mutually exclusive. 
Gordon Creighton, one of the most learned scholars in this field, 
suggests that some aliens are interdimensional beings indigenous to 
planet Earth, who may have coexisted with us for thousands of years. 
In many ways, this is an attractive hypothesis which could explain the 
inconsistencies inherent in the phenomenon. Many of the reported 
abductions, for example, seem to take place in a different level or 
dimension of reality, seemingly making a nonsense of the physical 
examinations, extractions of blood, sperm, and ova that are said to 
have taken place, and are more in line with the subject of demonology 
(particularly encounters with incubi and succubi). 

While I accept that parallels can be drawn in many cases, there is 
no way such a theory can be applied in all cases. First, it is impossible 
to reconcile the hypothesis with reports of recovered vehicles and 
bodies, as well as with those accounts involving an ongoing physical 
interaction. Second, although many encounters may seem “supernatural
” to us, we should never underestimate the mental and technological
 potential of advanced extraterrestrial species, who in my 
opinion, may be able to manipulate space and time in such a way that 
they can function in other dimensions. 

Unbelievable? Of course! So was manned flight, television, the atom 
bomb, space travel, microchip technology, and many other terrestrial 
achievements which we now take for granted. By the same token, 
extraterrestrial abilities may be unbelievable and indistinguishable 
from magic. But there is evidence that some of our scientists have 
already gained an insight into alien technology at least, thanks partly 
to the acquisition of extraterrestrial craft. 


=======================================================================
5. HARDWARE 


In the last few years, a considerable amount of new information 
relating to the retrieval of crashed UFOs and their occupants has come 
to light, adding weight to the growing body of evidence that there is 
a factual basis for what has hitherto seemed a fantastic improbability. 
Above Top Secret includes details of the following cases: Corona and 
the Plains of San Agustin, New Mexico (1947); Paradise Valley, Arizona
 (1947); Aztec, New Mexico (1948); Mexico (1948 or 1949); 
Kingman, Arizona (1953); New Mexico (1962); and examinations 
of alien bodies and craft at Wright-Patterson AFB in 1959 and 1962, 
as well as at an undisclosed base in Arizona during the 1970s. Leonard 
Stringfield and other researchers have published additional cases which 
have been reported not just from the United States, but also from 
countries such as France, Germany, Puerto Rico, South Africa, and 
Spitsbergen (Arctic Ocean).1 

In the majority of cases where bodies are recovered, the aliens are 
described as being of the small variety, and of all such reported incidents, 
the so-called Roswell incident of July 1947 has become one 
of the best-documented and thoroughly investigated cases in UFO 
history. Stanton Friedman and William Moore have now contacted 
over one hundred and sixty witnesses who were directly or indirectly 
associated with the incident, and other researchers, such as Leonard 
Stringfield, Kevin Randle, and Donald Schmitt, have located additional
 witnesses, including aircrew members who transported the 
wreckage, bringing the total number of witnesses to over two 
hundred.2 

The evidence now suggests that there were two separate crashes in 
New Mexico during the first week of July 1947, and that both possibly 
involved the recovery of alien bodies. In the best-known incident, 
scattered wreckage was discovered on “Mac” Brazel’s ranch near Corona
, seventy-five miles northwest of Roswell, as has been confirmed 
by Major Jesse Marcel, the intelligence officer from Roswell Army Air 
Field who was in charge of the recovery operation. Marcel found no 
bodies at this location, but stated emphatically that the material he 
handled was like nothing on Earth. One piece of a metal foillike 
material was so durable, he said, that it could not be dented with a 
sixteen-pound sledgehammer, despite its incredible lightness.3 

Marcel’s son, Jesse Marcel, M.D., also handled some pieces of the 
wreckage that his father had brought home with him, as he described 
to Lee Graham in 1981: 

... the crash and remnants of the device that I happened to be 
present to see have left an imprint on my memory that can never 
be forgotten. I am currendy undergoing training as a Flight Surgeon
 in the Army Air National Guard, and have examined the 
remnants of many conventional aircraft that have undergone unfortunate
 maneuvers, and what I saw in 1947 is unlike any of the 
current aircraft ruinage I have studied. 

This craft was not conventional in any sense of the word, in 

that the remnants were most likely [of] what was then known as 
a flying saucer that apparently had been stressed beyond its designed
 capabilities. I’m basing this on the fact that many of the 
remnants . . . had strange hieroglyphic-type writing symbols 
across the inner surfaces. . . .4 

Strange “hieroglyphic-type” symbols have been reported in other 
cases, such as the incident involving the recovery by the military of 
an unidentified object that was found half embedded in the ground 
near Kecksburg, Pennsylvania, on December 9, 1965, following sightings
 by numerous witnesses of a UFO heading toward that vicinity. 
The case has been throughly investigated by Stan Gordon and other 
researchers, and one of those who observed the object at close quarters 
described a ring or bumperlike structure about eight to ten inches 
wide that seemed to cover the circumference of the “acorn-shaped” 
object, and had what looked like Egyptian hieroglyphics on it: characters
 of broken and straight lines, dots, rectangles, and circles. Asked 
by Leonard Stringfield if the symbols could possibly have been Rus- 
sian, the witness, Jim Romansky, replied, “No way! Pm of Russian- 
Polish descent and can read Russian. It was not Russian, nor American. 
I’ll stake my life on it: The object was not man-made.”5 

Slowly but surely the evidence is accumulating that the various 
extraordinary incidents associated with the Roswell case have a basis 
in fact. Following publication of Above Top Secret in 1987,1 have been 
contacted by several people who have provided me with new information
. One of my informants is former Air Force Lieutenant Colonel 
Robert Bowker, who at one time had been with the Communications 
Division of the Air Technical Intelligence Command at Wright-Patterson
 Air Force Base. 

“Over the years,” he wrote, “I have heard rumors galore, fully sub- 
stantiating my belief in the reality of UFOs and the sometimes pitiful 
efforts of the Establishment to cover them up, and I have seen two 
myself. Recendy, I sent a copy of the MJ-12 document [see Chapter 
6] to a friend in Arizona, who showed it to another gent there [whose] 
uncle worked at Wright-Patterson AFB as a welder at the time that 
artifacts from the 1947 NM crash were being analyzed, and was given 
a piece of it to melt with his equipment. He was unable to produce 
a flame hot enough for the task!” 

The much-maligned Frank Scully, author of the 1950 book Behind 
the Flying Saucers, described how he had handled some “gears” that 
had come from a recovered craft. “More than 150 tests had failed to 
break down the metal of the gears,” he wrote. “The gears themselves 
were of a ratio unfamiliar to engineers on this earth; had no play, no 
lubrication.”6 

It is therefore illuminating to learn of corroborative evidence supplied
 to me by Robert Bowker. “Years ago, I had an engineer at 
Wright-Patterson AFB approach me while I was on Active Duty and 
tell me all about an investigation he was involved in of a gear fragment 
that turned out to entail Rare Earth elements in a quantity impossible 
on this planet for gear manufacture, and [was] not of the mathematical 
(cycloid) design our gears use, but one using a strange 3-level digital 
form.”7 

THE NEW MEXICO ALIENS 

ALIEN BODIES FROM ONE OF THE 1947 CRASHES WERE ALLEGEDLY 
recovered near Magdalena, on the Plains of San Agustin, west of 
Socorro, New Mexico, about a hundred and fifty miles west of Brazefs 
ranch near Corona. One witness was Grady L. Barnett, a civil engineer 
with the United States Soil Conservation Service, who was on a military
 assignment at the time. Barnett claimed to have come across a 
metallic, disc-shaped aircraft, about twenty-five or thirty feet in diameter, 
together with apparently dead bodies. 

“They were like humans but they were not humans,” he reported. 
“The heads were round, the eyes were small, and they had no hair. 
The eyes were oddly spaced. They were quite small by our standards 
and their heads were larger in proportion to their bodies than ours. 
Their clothing seemed to be one-piece and gray in color. You couldn’t 
see any zippers, belts, or buttons. . . .”8 

Sergeant Melvin E. Brown was stationed at Roswell Army Air Field 
at the time of the crashes in July 1947. Not only did he stand guard 
outside a hangar where the recovered material was temporarily stored, 
but also claimed to have observed some alien bodies, as Beverley Bean, 
one of his daughters, related to me: 

Dad was reading this article in the Daily Mirror in the late 

1970s, I think, and he said, “I was there!”-pointing to this article
. He said it was all true, apart from one fact. He told us afterward
 that any men available were taken to this site. They had to 
form a ring around whatever it was they had to cover, and everything
 was put on trucks. They were told not to look and to take 
no notice, and were sworn to secrecy. 

I can remember my dad saying he couldn’t understand why 
they wanted refrigerated trucks. And him [sic] and another guy 
had to sit on the back of a truck to take this stuff to a hangar. 
They were packed in ice. And he lifted up the tarpaulin and 
looked in, and saw two, or possibly three bodies. 

He told us they were nothing to be scared of. They were 
friendly-looking and had nice faces. They looked Asian, he said, 
but had larger heads and no hair. They looked a yellowy color. 
He was frightened a bit, because he knew he shouldn’t be doing 
it, so he only had a quick glimpse. But he said they could have 
passed for Chinese-they had slanted eyes. 

And he had to stand guard duty outside this hangar, and his 
commanding officer came up and said, “I want to have a look in. 
Let’s both have a look inside!” So they both went into the 
hangar, and they didn’t see anything, as everything was packed 
away for storage to be flown out the next day. 
Melvin Brown only occasionally discussed the incident with his 
British wife and three daughters, and always regretted having done 
so. “He’d shut up if we questioned him about it,” Beverley told me. 
“He wanted to tell people about it, but when you started asking 
questions, he was completely off it. He was in a state about it when 
he was dying in 1986. Even when he was asleep he was mumbling 
about it. . . Dad was absolutely no liar. He was a smashing bloke and 
loved his country.”9 

The family was initially reluctant to allow me to publish the story, 
in case of official reprisal, but in the last few years they have become 
more comfortable about discussing it openly, as additional military 
witnesses have come forward to confirm various details of the Roswell 
story. 

Beverley gave me copies of her father’s military records, which prove 
that he was stationed at Roswell at the relevant period. They do not 
prove, of course, that he saw alien bodies, but they do at least show 
that he had an unblemished career in the United States Army and Air 
Force. His World War II army awards included the American Defense 
Service Medal; American Campaign Medal; Asiatic Pacific Campaign 

Fig. 5.1 
Membership card proving that Sergeant Brown was a member of the Non- 
Commissioned Officers Club at Roswell Army Air Field during the time he 
claimed to have been involved in the recovery operation. 
Medal; Victory Medal; and Good Conduct Medal (Appendix 8), and 
he was later recommended for promotion (Appendix 9). Melvin 
Brown was additionally engaged in espionage work, according to a 
relative, although no details are available. He also knew both Major 
Jesse Marcel and General Nathan Twining, Commanding General of 
Air Materiel Command at the time of the Roswell incident. 

SURVIVORS? 

IN 1989, FORMER NASA ENGINEER BOB OECHSLER INTERviewed
 Samantha De Los Reyes, a stepdaughter of a now-deceased 
civilian employee who had been assigned to one of the New Mexico 
retrieval operations. Following a dispatch from Roswell Army Air 
Field, Burl Cassity, who held a Top Secret clearance with the Army 
Corps of Engineers at the time, was ordered to take heavy transport 
equipment to the site, where a craft and alien bodies had been 
discovered. 

“There were a lot of people around, including press and photographers
, with the military running around trying to prevent them from 
taking pictures,” Bob recounted to me. “There were four aliens-two 
dead ones and two live ones. One of them who was alive was walking 
erratically and apparently had internal injuries. The other one was 
apparendy unharmed. And they had a bus and several trucks and a 
bulldozer, and he helped to put the two dead aliens on the bus, 
followed by the live ones.” 

Cassity was ordered to paint the windows of the bus with black 
paint, and assisted in retrieving some components from the craft, one 
of which was what looked like a control panel made out of an unknown 
clear material. “He said it was not glass and it was not plastic,” Bob 
told me. “I don’t know what it was made of, but it apparendy took 
two of them to lift it-they really had to strain to put it on the bus. 
They collected as much as possible of the small debris and loaded it 
onto the trucks.” 

The larger pieces, of which there were about fourteen, were all 
cataloged, Bob was told, and Cassity was ordered to dig a trench with 
a bulldozer and bury them on-site, presumably for recovery later. In 
the process, he inadvertendy drove over a piece. “It didn’t do any 
damage,” Bob said. 

“They were totally awed and shocked by what they saw. He learned 
that the alien that was injured died either before or shortly after arrival 
in Alamogordo [possibly Alamogordo Army Air Field]. They were 
unable to save him. The other one apparendy survived for a few years 
at Los Alamos” (see Chapter 6). 

Eighteen years later, Bob was informed, Cassity died in an unusual 
accident at the White Sands, New Mexico, missile test range. He was 
found on a ravine where he had been digging a long trench for one 
of the tests. “They found him lying down, with his arms at his side, 
face up, with his glasses on, and he had been run over by the tracks 
of the bulldozer-feet first. Samantha’s husband, who was a state 
police trooper, had gone to White Sands and managed to get a look 
at the sealed file. The coroner’s report indicated that he had died of 
a heart attack.”10 

The death may have been entirely coincidental, of course, however 
puzzling the circumstances. And in some other respects the story seems 
unlikely. If there were reporters and/or photographers at the site, for 
example, why has no one yet come forward? Samantha told Bob that 
one of the cameras was confiscated by the military, so it is possible 
that others were confiscated, too, and the photographers silenced. 
Over twenty-five years have elapsed since Cassity died, and it is likely 
that Samantha may have forgotten or confused some of the details. 

But another witness has now come forward who claims to have 
observed a craft and bodies, as well as a military presence, near Mag- 
dalena, New Mexico. Although only five years old at the time, Gerald 
Anderson has a vivid memory of the incident, now enhanced by hypnotic
 regression. Researchers John Carpenter and Stanton Friedman 
are both impressed with the sincerity of this witness and the amount 
of corroboration he has provided, although his claims are disputed by 
others (notably Kevin Randle and Donald Schmitt, in UFO Crash at 
Roswell11). 

Anderson, a former police chief and deputy sheriff, was visiting the 
area to look for moss agate stones, together with his father, brother, 
uncle, and cousin (all now deceased), on July 5, 1947, when the 
incident is alleged to have taken place. 

“We came around a corner and right there in front of us, stuck into 
the side of this hill, was a silver disc. We all went up there to it. There 
were three creatures-three bodies-lying on the ground underneath 
this thing, in the shade.” The creatures were about four feet tall, with 
disproportionately large heads and almond-shaped, coal-black eyes. 

“Two weren’t moving, and the third one obviously was having 
trouble breathing, like when you have broken ribs,” Anderson re- 
ported. “There was a fourth one next to it, sitting there on the ground. 
There wasn’t a thing wrong with it, and it apparently had been giving 
first aid to the others. It recoiled in fear, like it thought we were going 
to attack it.” 

The adults repeatedly tried to communicate with the creature, but 
there was no audible response to greetings spoken in English and 
Spanish. A few minutes after the Andersons arrived, five college students
 and their teacher (reported by Grady Barnett to have been from 
the University of Pennsylvania), who had been on an archaeological 
dig a few miles away and had been alerted the previous night to what 
they thought was a meteor fall, came on the scene. The professor, a 
Dr. Buskirk, tried several foreign languages in a further unsuccessful 
attempt at communication. 

“It was 115 degrees out there that day,” Anderson recalled. “But 
around the craft, when you got close to it, it was cold. When you 
touched the metal, it felt just like it came out of a freezer.” Anderson 
also touched one of the creatures lying motionless on the ground, and 
it too was cold. 

A pickup truck then arrived on the scene, and a person believed to 
be Barnett joined the onlookers. 

Anderson approached the creatures once more, and as he did so, 
became aware of a strange sensation. The upright creature “turned 
and looked right at me, and it was like he was inside my head, as if 
he was doing my thinking-as if his thoughts were in my head,” he 
claims. 

Anderson remembers a sensation of falling and tumbling. “I felt 
that thing’s fear, felt its depression, felt its loneliness. I relived the 
crash. I know the terror it went through. That one look told me 
everything. ...” 

A contingent of armed soldiers then arrived. The creature, which 
had calmed down after its initial fright, “went crazy.” Anderson lost 
sight of it as the soldiers surrounded the craft, which was described 
as being about fifty feet in diameter. Anderson recalls shouts and 
threats by the military. “The soldiers ushered us out of there very 
unceremoniously. Their attitude, to say the least, was very uncivilized. 
They told my dad and my uncle, who also worked at Sandia [Laboratories
], that if they were ever to divulge anything about this-it was 
a secret military aircraft, they said-then us kids would be taken away 
and they’d never see us again. . . . These people had machine guns and 
you listened to what they said.” 
The soldiers did not appear unduly surprised by the craft and bodies, 
Anderson recalls. “They were very cognizant of what they were looking 
at. They knew what it was.” 

There was a battalion of soldiers on the scene by the time Anderson 
and his group arrived back up on the hilltop where they had left their 
car. “There were trucks, there were airplanes-they had the road 
blocked off and they were landing on it. They had radio communications
 gear set up. There were ambulances, and more soldiers with 
weapons.” 

Anderson believes there is a link between the scattered wreckage 
found at Corona and the barely damaged craft found on the Plains of 
San Agustin. “There was a gash in the side of the disc we saw, like it 
had been crushed in,” he reports. “The contour of the craft would fit 
into that gash perfectly, like another one of these things had hit it. I 
think two of these discs had a midair collision. One exploded and fell 
in pieces near Roswell, and the other crash-landed where we found 
it.”12 (Further details of this case are published in Crash at Corona, by 
Stanton Friedman and Don Berliner.12) 

THE JACKIE GLEASON STORY 

It is not widely known that the great comedian Jackie 
Gleason, who died in 1987, had a serious interest in UFOs. He possessed
 an extensive library on the subject in his Florida home and 
subscribed to a number of journals, including Just Cause, the newsletter
 of Citizens Against UFO Secrecy.13 He even named his Peekskill, 
New York, residence “The Mothership” and designed it to resemble 
a flying saucer. 

According to Beverly McKittrick, Gleason’s second wife, her husband
 came home one night in 1973, visibly shaken. He told his wife 
that he had just returned from a visit to Homestead Air Force Base, 
Florida, where, thanks to his friend President Richard Nixon, who 
arranged the trip, he was shown a top-secret repository where the 
bodies of aliens were stored. The visit was conducted under extremely 
tight security. 

Larry Bryant (of Citizens Against UFO Secrecy) sent a Freedom 
of Information request to Homestead Air Force Base to gain access 
to all official records pertaining to the repository and to the visit, but 
was told that no such records existed. While waiting for a response 
to his FOIA request, Bryant sent a draft affidavit to Gleason, asking 
him to execute it as further support for the growing body of evidence 
then being gathered as part of a forthcoming FOIA lawsuit to force 
the government to release its records on UFO crash/retrievals. 

“Though I never heard from Gleason,” Bryant reported, “I did learn 
that he had been approached by a third party in the film industry. At 
this confrontation, Gleason chose neither to confirm nor deny the 
story, saying that he’d prefer not to discuss it at all. The way I see it, 
Gleason easily could have set the record straight in a reply to my 
proposal or in an explanation to the inquisitive film-industry representative
. If the story was a fabrication or misinterpretation on the 
part of his wife, he now had every opportunity to say so. That he 
chose not to merely deepens the mystery.” 

Larry Bryant, who is a civilian employee editor of the Army News 
Service, also sent an advertisement to the Homestead AFB newspaper, 
soliciting the testimony or evidence of anyone who could shed light 
on the Gleason story. The base’s public affairs officer denounced the 
advertisement, however, and forbade its publication.14 

SCIENTIFIC AND MILITARY CONFIRMATION 

However absurd the stories of recovered flying saucers 
and alien bodies may seem, it is important to mention that in a letter 
to William Steinman in 1983, Dr. Robert Sarbacher, a highly respected 
scientist who was a former consultant to the government’s Research 
and Development Board and president and chairman of the board of 
the Washington Institute of Technology, acknowledged that the 
United States had indeed recovered both craft and bodies, and confirmed
 names of some of those involved at a high level. “About the 
only thing I remember at this time,” he added, “is that certain materials 
reported to have come from flying saucer crashes were extremely light 
and very tough. . . . There were also reports that instruments or people 
operating these machines were also of very light weight. . . .”15 

In his handwritten notes, made after a meeting at the Canadian 
Embassy in Washington in September 1950, Canadian Government 
scientist Wilbert Smith wrote that Dr. Sarbacher had confirmed that 
the facts reported in Frank Scully’s book were substantially correct; 
that the authorities had been unable to duplicate the performance of 
the discs, and that “it is the most highly classified subject in the US 
Government at the present time.”16 

General George C. Marshall, U.S. Army Chief of Staff in World 
War II, is also reported to have confirmed that, as of 1951, there had 
been three incidents involving accidents that had proved disastrous 
for the occupants, and that communications had been established with 
the aliens.17 

In July 1990, a group of investigators and witnesses involved in 
the Roswell incident were invited by the Fund for UFO Research to 
a meeting in Arlington, Virginia, in order to discuss the latest developments
 and to record videotaped depositions for selected members 
of Congress and the media. The objectives of this endeavor were to 
seek immunity from prosecution for current and former military employees
 who are naturally reluctant to discuss their involvement, and 
to explore the possibility of closed-door hearings. 

Among the ten witnesses interviewed were Jesse Marcel, Jr.; Walter 
Haut, the public information officer at Roswell Army Air Field who 
issued the original press release confirming the recovery of a flying 
disc; Robert Shirkey, a flight operations officer at the base who recalls 
seeing some of the wreckage loaded on a B-29 with Major Marcel, 
headed for Carswell Air Force Base in Fort Worth, Texas; John Krom- 
schroeder, D.D.S., and William Lounsberry, close friends of Captain 
O. W. (“Pappy”) Henderson, the pilot who flew wreckage and alien 
bodies to Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio; and Verne Maltais, a close 
friend of Grady Barnett, who reported finding a crashed saucer and 
alien bodies on the Plains of San Agustin.18 

USSR, 1988-89 

Nikolai Lebedev, a leading Russian researcher, informed 
me during a visit to London in 1990 that there have been a number 
of incidents relating to recovered UFOs reported in the former USSR. 
In one incident, said to have occurred in the late autumn of 1988, 
military witnesses flying in a helicopter near Dalnegorsk, Dalniy Vos- 
tok, observed a strange object on the ground, and landed in order to 
investigate. The object, described as cylinder-shaped and approximately
 six meters (about twenty feet) in length, was definitely not part 
of a conventional aircraft. After an unsuccessful attempt to lift the 
device, the team decided to return early the following spring with 
proper equipment, by which time the object had disappeared. 

According to Valeri Dvuzhilni, who has investigated the case, Soviet 
Navy personnel observed a glowing object enter the sea off the coast 
in the Dalniy Vostok area in the spring of 1989. A naval officer 
disclosed to Dvuzhilni that a recovery operation was immediately 
initiated, and a device, described as egg-shaped and about twenty feet 
long, was retrieved from the seabed and brought ashore. 

“They tried to penetrate the device with an oxyacetylene flame, but 
without any result,” Nicolai told me. “The naval officer informed 
Valeri that the object was later transferred to Vladivostok and then 
Moscow. I asked Valeri to try and obtain more information, but he 
told me that the officer refused to speak anymore, as it was a top- 
secret matter.”19 I have been informed that the Soviet Navy had specific 
instructions for reporting anomalous objects. In the case of landing 
traces, damage to military equipment, and so on, details were immediately
to be telegraphed to the following units: Leningrad, military 
unit 62728; Mytishchi, military unit 67947. 

AUSTRALIA 1958-59 

The following firsthand account was related to me by 
a witness who has requested anonymity. Employed as a radio technician
 at the Weapons Research Establishment, Salisbury, South Australia
, from 1956 to 1960, the witness made a number of trips to the 
Woomera Test Range, which had been set up joindy with Britain in 
1946 to test military missiles, and subsequendy the Blue Streak, Black 
Arrow, and Black Knight launchers. 

“My class was unique,” the witness wrote to me in 1990. “We were 
the first trained in Australia in transistor theory, and so were often 
the only ones able to work on missile equipment under trial. I was 
cleared for access to all parts of the range, and to all but a few projects. 
I was predominandy employed on Black Knight telemetry.” 

Numerous sightings of UFOs were made at Woomera during this 
time, apparendy, but were seldom reported for fear of persecution. “I 
made a sighting and never reported it because of the pressures that 
existed as a result of sightings that had been reported by others,” my 
informant continued. “A point of interest is that the sighting frequency 
rose dramatically whenever high-altitude trials were in preparation 
and readiness. 

“While I was at Woomera, the Americans were there in force for a 
number of reasons: We wanted them to use the range more; they 
wanted to sell us the Sidewinder [missile]. One particular man who 
I saw regularly in the plotting room was never seemingly employed 
on the actual trials, he was just there, perhaps, as an observer. I one 
day broached the subject of UFOs with him. He said in part (my 
quotes, but actual words were very close to the following): 

“We lost a pilot to one recently. It was sighted over Fort Knox 
and he was sent to intercept. He reported that he was diving on it, 
reported opening fire, and then the aircraft was seen to crash in flames. 
We have no idea of the cause. . . ” 

While working at Woomera in 1958 or 1959, my informant revealed
, an object was recovered on the range, outside any trials zone, 
by a helicopter involved in a search for a missing girl. “The object 
eventually turned up in the workshop I was employed in at the time, 
because of its presumed ancestry. I am telling you that I saw this, touched 
it, worked on it” he emphasized, and went on: 

It was a sphere about two feet nine inches in diameter. Its 
color was a mid-gray-metallic, somewhat darkened, perhaps by 
extreme heat. It was very light. I have never been a good judge of 
weight, but it was disproportionately light, easily lifted by one 
person, easily supported from underneath by one hand. 

The initial assumption was that it was part of Black Knight, for 
that was the only missile here at the time that could have contained
 anything of the size, and it was left to languish uninvesti- 
gated for several days until one of the Black Knight experts 
disclaimed it. We then assumed it to be Russian or American, 
and had a closer look. 

Quite simply, there was not then the technology to produce 
what we had in our hands, and I frankly doubt that there is yet. 
We tried to cut it, and could not even mark it with hand tools- 
saws, drills, hammers, chisels-nothing. We heated it with an oxy 
torch, and could put a hand on it the minute the torch was removed
. I did, several times. Oxygen applied at cutting volume 
made no difference-not that one would expect it to as we could 
not get it anywhere near oxidizing heat. 

By this time we were curious, to say the least, and examined it 
much more closely. Please remember that while we were dealing 
with an unknown, we had no doubt at this time that it would be 
explained by investigation. 

To the naked eye, and in any way we could measure, it was a 
perfect sphere. No dents or bumps, however tiny. It appeared as 
one piece. There were no joins, no rivets, no weld marks, no sign 
of weld marks having been polished off. There was nowhere that 
pipes could have been connected, no sign of any opening. It had 
no radiation-a Geiger counter registered zero-not even background
, although we were later told it was a faulty instrument, 
and background was normal. Disinformation, perhaps? 

At this point, we sought advice from on high-I don’t know 
who; that was handled by an engineer. The next thing I knew 
was that it was removed by the Range Security staff, along with 
the American I mentioned earlier. 

Some weeks after it had been removed, I asked the engineer 
what the object had been. He told me that the Americans had 
claimed it as part of their space debris, and that it had been returned
by them to the States-to Wright-Patterson Air Force 
Base. Some years later, I encountered by chance another of the 
people who had seen the object, but who, unlike me, was still 
employed at Woomera. I asked him about it. He told me that as 
far as he was concerned there had never been such an object, and 
strongly advised (that is, warned, not threatened) me to adopt the 
same line if ever I was asked. 

The finding of the sphere was briefly reported in the Adelaide Advertiser
, and some months later, another similar find in South Australia 
was mentioned in the same newspaper, the witness recalls, although 
he cannot remember the dates. And during the 1960s yet another 
sphere was apparently discovered in southwest Queensland and reported
 in the Brisbane Courier-Mail. The latter finding was not linked 
with the other two, he remembers. 

The witness left the electronics industry and joined the police force, 
rising to the rank of inspector, and was put in charge of the governor- 
general’s security until retirement due to injury in 1982. “I put it to 
you that my specialties of VIP security and counterterrorism must 
suggest that I am both a skilled observer, and stable,” he emphasized. 
“Perhaps this is foolish, but for many years now I have believed 
that what we held in those several days was not merely space debris, 
was perhaps not even some material left by a UFO, but that it was 
perhaps some form of UFO itself. . . .”20 

PINE GAP 

Located twelve miles from Alice Springs in Australia’s 
Northern Territory, Pine Gap is a highly secret communications base 
run by the National Security Agency. Ostensibly a “Joint Defense 
Space Research Facility” sponsored by both American and Australian 
defense departments, Pine Gap serves principally as a downlink for 
geosynchronous SIGINT (Signals Intelligence) satellites.21 

There are rumors that the National Security Agency, which has a 
long history of involvement in monitoring the UFO phenomenon and 
is withholding many documents on the subject at an above Top Secret 
level, also monitors communications from UFOs, as we shall learn 
later. Interestingly, there have reportedly been a number of sightings 
in the Pine Gap area. In December 1989, for example, the American 
researcher John Lear received a letter from a university professor in 
Australia, in which it was stated that three witnesses, returning from 
an all-night hunting trip at four-thirty A.M., observed a camouflaged 
door open up in the grounds of the base, and a metallic, circular disc 
ascend vertically and soundlessly into the air before disappearing at 
great speed. 

“The three witnesses are reliable,” the professor reported, “though 
understandably rather reluctant to discuss what they saw. I am trying 
to arrange for a polygraph test for them, as well as getting sworn 
statements. ... We have an immense tract of empty territory ideal for 
UFO activity. In fact, this state has more UFOs coming and going, 
I guess, than anywhere else in Australia.” 

I have subsequently been in touch with the professor, and he has 
reaffirmed the reliability of the witnesses. 

From another reliable source, a friend who claims to have had 
contact with a group of extraterrestrials in England during 1963-64 
(related in Chapter 4), I learned that communications had been established
 by that time with a number of scientists worldwide and that 
bases had been constructed in several countries-including Australia. 
The purpose of the liaison was not disclosed, nor the precise location 
of the bases, but the description of the camouflaged door and UFO 
at Pine Gap raises the possibility that such a base could be or may 
have been located there. 

Let us now turn our attention to the various attempts by the United 
States Government, during the period from 1973 to 1988, to indoc- 
trinate the public with these complex and controversial matters. The 
incredible revelations which follow are necessarily diluted with disinformation
, yet nevertheless seem to incorporate a significant amount 
of truth, as we shall discover. 

=======================================================================
PROJECT AQUARIUS 

In late 1972, film producers Robert Emenegger and Allan 
Sandler were considering various subjects for a documentary on de- 
fense-related programs when they were approached by United States 
Air Force officers who asked if they would be interested in making a 
documentary on a secret Government project. The producers were 
surprised to learn that the subject matter dealt with UFOs, since they 
had assumed that the matter had been resolved with the closure of 
Project Blue Book in 1969. 

Having expressed serious interest, Emenegger and Sandler were 
invited to the Pentagon, where they met with a few high-ranking Air 
Force personnel, including Colonels William Coleman and George 
Weinbrenner, who had both been involved with Blue Book. The Air 
Force was now ready to release all the facts, the producers were told. 
To their astonishment, Emenegger and Sandler were shown photographs
 and film not just of UFOs but gray-skinned alien beings- 
alive and dead. Bob Emenegger told me that he saw a 16mm film of 
an alien in the company of an Air Force officer. The alien had supposedly
 survived a crash in 1949 and subsequently had been kept at 
a “safe house” in Los Alamos, New Mexico, until his death of unknown 
causes in 1952. 

In early 1973, Emenegger and Sandler were invited to Norton Air 
Force Base, San Bernardino, California, where they met with the then 
head of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI) and 
Paul Shartle, former head of security and chief of requirements for 
the audiovisual program at Norton. It was learned at this meeting that 
in April 1964 (or in May 1971, according to what Emenegger told 
me) a spacecraft had landed at Holloman Air Force Base, Alamogordo, 
New Mexico, by prior arrangement. Alien beings supposedly came 
out of the craft and communicated with a team of scientists and military 
officers. All this had been filmed, and Emenegger and Sandler were 
promised eight hundred feet of film for inclusion in their documentary, 
as well as several thousand feet of additional material.1 

Emenegger told at least one investigator that he was allowed to take 
some of the film home, but denied this to me during one of our several 
conversations in Los Angeles. In any event, permission to use the film 
was suddenly withdrawn by Colonel Coleman. The timing was politically
inappropriate, it was explained, due to the Watergate scandal. 
However, permission was given to proceed with the documentary- 
UFOs: It Has Begun-on condition that the Holloman story was 
presented only as a hypothetical case. 

In Emenegger’s 1974 book, UFOs Past, Present and Future, the 
Holloman incident is described as follows: 

At about five-thirty A.M. on an unspecified date, the phone rang in 
the control room at Holloman Air Force Base and “Sergeant Mann” 
was informed that an unidentified aircraft was approaching the base. 
In the radar hut, several “blips” appeared on the screen. “HI repeat 
again,” the radar operators announced. “Unidentified approaching 
objects-on coordinate forty-niner-34 degrees southwest following 
an erratic approach course.” 

Back in the control tower the radio operator attempted to communicate
 with the unknown aircraft. “This is Holloman Air Force 
Base control tower. Identify yourself. You are encroaching on military 
air space. Warning . . . What is your tail number? You are in a restricted
 military air corridor.” 

There was no response. The base commander, “Colonel Horner,” 
issued orders for a red alert to be sounded and checks were made with 
Wright-Patterson AFB and Edwards AFB in an attempt to discover 
if there were any experimental aircraft in the vicinity. Two interceptor 
jets were sent up to escort the intruders out of the area. 

By chance, cameramen, a technical sergeant, and a staff sergeant of 
the base photographic team happened to be in an airborne base helicopter
at the time, and took movie film of three strange objects as 
they approached Holloman. One of the objects broke away and began 
descending. Another photographic team, using high-speed cameras 
that had been set up to film a test launch, shot about six hundred feet 
of 16mm film as the craft came in to land. 

The object (shaped like a “bathtub” in the real film, Emenegger told 
me) hovered about ten feet off the ground, “yawed” like a ship at 
anchor for nearly a minute, then landed on three extended legs. The 
base commander and two officers, as well as Air Force scientists, had 
by now arrived on the scene. 

A panel in the side of the craft slid open and out stepped three 
“men” dressed in tight-fitting jumpsuits, and described as “perhaps 
short by our standards, with an odd blue-gray complexion, eyes set 
far apart. A large pronounced nose . . .” (In conversation with Linda 
Howe, Emenegger recalled that the three aliens were five feet two 
inches in height, with eyes that had vertical pupils like those of a cat. 2) 
They wore headpieces of what resembled “rows of a ropelike design.” 
The commander and two scientists stepped forward and communicated
with the visitors, who appeared to be using some type of 
translation device. The group then retired to an inner office in the 
King 1 area before being led to the end of Mars Street to the west 
area building No. 930. 3 

The Holloman scenario, as described in the documentary, is of 
course a reconstruction of the “real” events, omitting and distorting 
certain allegedly factual details. But what about the actual Holloman 
film? It is tempting to dismiss this as a staged production, either for 
official training purposes or perhaps as part of an official public in- 
doctrination program. Yet there is now some evidence that it could 
well be the “real thing.” 

CONFIRMATION? 

“what I saw and heard was enough to convince me that 
the phenomenon of UFOs is real-very real,” Bob Emenegger commented
 during the 1988 documentary UFO Cover-Up? Live, a conviction
 he has reaffirmed to me. 

In the same documentary, Paul Shartle also emphasized that the 
film seemed real enough: 

I saw footage of three disc-shaped crafts. One of the craft 
landed and two of them went away ... It appeared to be in trouble
because it oscillated all the way down to the ground. However
, it did land on three pods. A sliding door opened, a ramp 
was extended, and out came three aliens . . . They were human 
size. They had odd gray complexions and a pronounced nose. 
They wore tight-fitting jumpsuits, thin headdresses that appeared 
to be communication devices, and in their hands they held a 
translator, I was told. The Holloman base commander and other 
Air Force officers went out to meet them. . . . 

“I was told it was theatrical footage that the Air Force had purchased 
to make a training film,” Shartle continued. “It was too real. ... If it 
were a theatrical film, why didn’t they have a record of this? It was 
my job to keep accurate records of all audiovisual purchases. . . .”4 

While researching material for a projected documentary on UFOs 
in April 1983, Linda Howe visited Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque
and interviewed Richard C. Doty, a counterintelligence 
officer with the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. Doty’s 
military records (provided for me by Victoria Lacas) do not tell the 
story of his covert intelligence work, for obvious reasons, and it is 
probable that they contain disinformation (it has even been suggested 
to me that his real name is not Doty). He retired from the Air Force 
in the grade of master sergeant in 1988, but was assigned to Retired 
Reserve for ten years. 

Linda was astonished when Doty confirmed the Holloman incident, 
which had occurred on April 25, 1964-not May 1971, he insisted- 
twelve hours after the famous UFO landing at Socorro, New Mexico, 
witnessed by Deputy Marshal Lonnie Zamora. 

The Socorro landing was a “mistake,” Doty claimed, explaining that 
communications had been established, but that either the aliens or our 
own military personnel had mistaken the time and coordinates. “We 
got it corrected and they came back to where they were supposed to 
be at Holloman the next morning at six o’clock,” Doty said. Thus 
prepared for the event, cameramen had taken film with five cameras, 
some from airborne helicopters. One of three UFOs landed while the 
other two remained in the air as if for protection. Linda was told that 
the United States Government returned some dead preserved bodies 
to the aliens and that “something” was returned in exchange. 

“I was to be given the film for inclusion in the [Home Box Office] 
documentary with support by official Government confirmation,” 
Linda recalls. “Doty said he would call me and use a code name: 
Falcon. His call would be followed by others, including a ‘Torn.’ 
Arrangements would be made for me to screen all the footage on the 
east coast.” 

As time passed, Linda grew worried. Doty phoned to say that release 
of the Holloman film had been delayed for “political reasons,” but 
that he had received the go-ahead for Linda to interview a colonel 
who, he claimed, would talk on camera about his contact with an 
“Extraterrestrial Biological Entity” (EBE-1) who had survived a crash 
in 1949. Doty asked Linda to provide photographs of herself and the 
film crew, so that security clearances could be obtained. But it was to 
no avail. Appointments for the interview were repeatedly made then 
cancelled, and the interview never took place. 

THE PRESIDENTIAL BRIEFING PAPERS 

During the initial meeting at Kirtland Air Force Base, 
which lasted three hours, Doty told Linda that he had been asked by 
his “superiors” to show her a certain document, but that she was not 
allowed to make a copy or take notes. “I took the papers and read the 
top page,” she describes. “It was entitled ‘Briefing for the President 
of the United States of America5 on the subject of unidentified and 
identified aerial craft or vehicles. I don’t remember a president’s name 
or date.” 

The document included brief information on a number of UFO 
crashes that had happened in the United States. The “Extraterrestrial 
Biological Entities” were allegedly taken to various secure Government 
facilities, such as Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico (in 
a facility designated YY-11, some claim), and Wright-Patterson Air 
Force Base, Ohio. The bodies were gray in color, between three to 
four-and-a-half-feet tall, with long arms, four long fingers, clawlike 
nails, and webbing between the fingers. Instead of a nose and ears, 
there were only holes, Linda remembers reading. 

Following a crash near Roswell, New Mexico, in 1949 (not to be 
confused, apparently, with those in 1947), six aliens had been recovered
, one of whom survived. An Air Force officer, later promoted 
to colonel (the one with whom Linda had been promised an interview
), established communications with the creature (EBE-1) at Los 
Alamos until its death, of unknown causes, on June 18, 1952. Later, 
contact was established with other beings (EBE-2 and EBE-3). EBE- 
3 was allegedly living in secret at a certain base. It was learned that 
the alien civilization originated from a planet in a binary star system 
about fifty-five light years from Earth, and that we had been visited 
for at least twenty-five thousand years. 

Doty told Linda that there was a group called MJ-12-“MJ” 
meaning “Majority,” he claimed-whose function was to act as a 
policy-making committee, and whose twelve members comprised 
high-ranking scientists, military, and intelligence personnel. 

The briefing paper also listed a number of United States Government
 projects that had been established in order to study the alien 
question. These included Project Garnet, which had studied (and apparently
 resolved) all questions relating to the evolution of mankind; 
Project Sigma, an ongoing project, initiated in 1964 (presumably 
following the Holloman landing), dealing with alien communication; 
Project Snowbird, a continuing research effort into the development 
and implementation of alien spacecraft technology; and Project Aquar- 
ius, an overall project devoted to the accumulation of all available 
information about “Alien Life Forms.” 

Linda recalls that the briefing paper alluded briefly to another alien 
group, referred to as the “Talls,” which she believes are the more 
human-type species frequently reported. Pressed for further information, 
Doty explained that there was some kind of “friction” between 
the small gray species and the taller ones. “They tolerate each other,” 
was his only comment. 

According to the paper, the aliens have on various occasions manipulated
 the DNA in terrestrial primates-and perhaps other species 
as well. “To the best of my memory,” Linda recalls, “the time intervals 
for this DNA manipulation specifically listed in the briefing paper 
were 25,000, 15,000, and 2,500 years ago.” 

One paragraph, Linda recalls, mentioned that two thousand years 
ago the aliens had created a being who was placed on Earth to teach 
mankind about love and nonviolence. 5 

In a letter to researcher Barry Greenwood, Doty admitted to the 
meeting with Linda (which, he said, was “monitored” by his “supervisor
”) to discuss material for her projected documentary, but denied 
having shown her the briefing paper or promising any film material: 

I can tell you, without a doubt, that I never showed her any 
such document. First of all, I was not in a position to obtain any 
presidential briefing documents. Secondly, I would not allow a 
person without a security clearance to see any such document
... I do not recall mentioning any Government plans to release
documents or film to Ms. Howe for her documentary. I 
would not have been in a position to authorize or even discuss 
such a release. . . . Finally, I know of no secret Government investigation
of UFOs. . . .6 

Linda subsequendy signed a notarized declaration testifying that 
Doty did indeed show her the document, and in our many conversations
 on the matter, she has left me in no doubt who is telling the 
truth about the Kirtland Air Force Base meeting. But we are agreed 
that this does not necessarily validate the information given by Doty 
or seen in the briefing paper. Doty was a counterintelligence specialist, 
and it is my opinion that Linda was fed disinformation-along with 
some factual information-as had been done with Paul Bennewitz. But 
for what purpose? 

At the beginning of the interview at Kirdand, Doty made an interesting
 comment regarding Linda’s documentary on the animal mu- 
tilations, which may shed light on the reason. “You know,” he said, 
“you upset people in Washington with your film A Strange Harvest. 
It came too close to something we don’t want the public to know 
about.” (Yet Emenegger’s documentary-which presumably was officially
 vetted-also included extensive material on the UFO-mutila- 
tions link.) Pressed for further information on the mutilations, Doty 
(who held a Top Secret clearance) remarked that the subject was 
classified beyond his “need to know.”7 Was there a determination on 
the part of OSI and others to ensure that Linda’s next documentary 
never got off the ground? If so, the plan succeeded. 

In 1983, only weeks before Linda’s meeting at Kirtland Air Force 
Base, researcher William Moore, who has developed a number of high- 
level contacts in the intelligence community since 1978 (including 
Richard Doty), received a phone call telling him that some information 
was to be made available to him, but that he would have to go and 
collect it in person. “You will be receiving some instructions,” the 
caller said. “You must follow them carefully or the deal is off.” 

The instructions were convoluted, involving directions given on the 
phone at various airports as Bill made his way across the United States 
from Arizona. At the final destination, a motel in upstate New York, 
Bill was instructed to be ready at five o’clock. At precisely that time, 
an individual came to the door carrying a sealed brown envelope. 
“You have exactly nineteen minutes,” the man said. “You may do 
whatever you wish with this material during that time, but at the end 
of that time, I must have it back. After that, you are free to do what 
you wish.” 

Inside the envelope were eleven pages of what purported to be a 
“TOP SECRET/ORCON” document, entitled “Executive Briefing. 
Subject: Project Aquarius,” dated June 14, 1977 (that is, during the 
Carter Administration). Bill asked if he could photograph the docu- 
ment and read its contents into a tape recorder. “Both are permitted,” 
replied the courier. “You have seventeen minutes remaining.” 

Bill adjusted the table lampshade and photographed each page, 
placing a twenty-five-cent piece on the lower left corner of each page 
for scale, then read the text (including punctuation marks) into his 
pocket tape recorder in case the photos did not come out well. (The 
pictures did come out, but unfortunately, all are of low contrast and 
some are out of focus.) When the prescribed time had elapsed, the 
courier collected and counted the pages, then replaced them in the 
original envelope. 

The document appears to be a transcription of notes, either intended 
for use in preparing a briefing for President Carter or taken down 
during one and typed later. Bill is inclined to the view that it contains 
some important elements of truth, but that it was probably shown to 
him for purposes of disinformation.8 With this in mind, let us examine
 a few extracts, taken from the recently “uncensored” document. 


[From page 1] 

(TS/ORCON) (PROWORD: DANCE). Contains 16 volumes of 
documented information collected from the beginning of the 
United States Investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects 
(UFOs) and Identified Alien Crafts (IAC). The project was originally
 established in 1953, by order of President Eisenhower, 
under control of NSC and MJ12. In 1966, the Project’s name 
was changed from Project Gleem to Project Aquarius. The Project
was funded by CIA confidential funds (non-appropriated). 
The Project was originally classified SECRET but was upgraded 
to its present classification in Dec 1969 after Project Blue Book 
was closed. The purpose of Project Aquarius was to collect all scientific
, technological, medical and inteligence [sic] information 
from UFO/IAC sightings and contacts with alien life forms. This 
orderly file of collected information has been used to advance the 
United States Space Program. . . . 

[From page 2] 

In late 1949 another Alien aircraft crashed in the United States 
and was recovered partly intact by the military. One 
Alien . . . survived the crash. The surviving Alien [called EBE] 
was male and . . . was thoroughly interrogated by military intelligence
 personnel at a base in New Mexico. The Alien’s language 
was translated by means of picturegraphs. It was learned the 
Alien came from a planet in the Zeta Reticula star system
 . . . EBE lived until Jun 18, 1952, when he died [of] an 
unexplained illness. During the time period he was alive, he provided
 valuable information regarding space technology, origins of 
the Universe, and exobiological matters. . . . 

[From page 4] 

(TS/ORCON). In 1958, the United States recovered a third 
Alien aircraft from the desert of Utah. The aircraft was in excellent
 flying condition . . . apparendy abandoned by the Aliens for 
some unexplainable reason, since no Alien life forms were found 
in or around the aircraft. The aircraft was considered a technological
 marvel by United States scientists. However, the operating 
instrumentation of the aircraft were [sic] so complex that our scientists
 could not interpret their operation. The aircraft was stored 
in a top security area and analyzed throughout the years by our 
best aerospace scientists. The United States gained a large volume 
of technological data from the recovered Alien aircraft. . . . 

[From page 8] 

... it was estimated the Alien’s technology was many thousands 
of years ahead of United States technology. Our scientists speculate
 that until our technology develops to a level equal to the Aliens
, we cannot understand the large volume of scientific 
information the United States has already gained from the Aliens. 
This advancement of [our] technology may take many hundreds 
of years. 

[From page 9] 

1. (TS/ORCON) PROJECT BANDO: (PROWORD: RISK). 
Originally established in 1949. Its mission was to collect and 
evaluate medical information from the surviving Alien creature 
and the recovered Alien bodies. This Project medically examined 
EBE and provided United States medical researchers with certain 
answers to the evolution theory. (OPR: CIA) (Terminated in 
1974) 
2. (TS/ORCON) PROJECT SIGMA: (PROWORD: MIDNIGHT). 
Originally established as part of Project Gleem in 
1954. Became a separate project in 1976. Its mission was to establish
 communication with Aliens. This project met with positive 
success when in 1959, the United States established primitive 
communications with the Aliens. On April 25, 1964, a USAF intelligence
 officer met two Aliens at a prearranged location in the 
desert of New Mexico. The contact lasted for approximately three 
hours. Based on the Alien’s language given to us by EBE, the Air 
Force officer managed to exchange basic information with two 
Aliens (Atch 7). This project is continuing at an Air Force base in 
New Mexico. (OPR: MJ 12/NS A) 

3. (TS/ORCON) PROJECT SNOWBIRD: (PROWORD: CETUS). 
Originally established in 1972. Its mission was to test 
fly a recovered Alien aircraft. This project is continuing in Nevade 
[sic]. (OPR: USAF/NASA/CIA/MJ12) 

4. (TS/ORCON) PROJECT POUNCE: (PROWORD: DIXIE). 
Originally established in 1968. Its mission was to evaluate all 
UFO/IAC information pertaining to space technology. PROJECT
POUNCE continues. (OPR: NASA/USAF) 9 

In Above Top Secret, I alluded briefly to the then censored Carter 
document, mentioning that efforts to identify the projects listed 
therein had met with a limited degree of success, and cited a letter 
from the National Security Agency to an inquirer, which confirmed 
the existence of Projects Aquarius, Sigma, and Snowbird. The NSA 
acknowledged that it had a Project Aquarius, not related to UFOs, 
and requested a fifteen-thousand-dollar search fee for records pertaining
to the project! Later, when the inquirer had narrowed down his 
Freedom of Information Act request, the NSA’s director of policy 
replied that a document they had located “is classified because its 
disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause exceptionally grave 
damage to the national security [and] no portion of the information 
is reasonably segregable.” 

In fact, several projects named Aquarius have now been identified, 
although considerable confusion surrounds their purpose. In 1982, 
Bill Moore learned from one of his sources (“Seagull”) that a Project 
Aquarius exists within “Control Channel Baker” (that is, a “black” 
project, the existence of which is officially denied) and is classified 
above Top Secret. This particular project allegedly comes partly under 
the Naval Intelligence Support Center at Suitland, Maryland, and also 
under a branch of the Defense Intelligence Agency (see later in this 
chapter). 

Although never officially carried into effect, there was a Project 
Pounce which was definitely UFO-related. It was proposed by the 
Sandia Laboratories at Kirtland Air Force Base in 1953 in connection 
with the “green fireballs,” which had been reported in the Southwest 
since the late 1940s,10 but it is unlikely that it relates to the project 
referred to in the alleged briefing paper, since the date there is given 
as 1968. 

Both Projects Snowbird and Sigma have been officially identified 
as having nothing to do with UFOs (Sigma involves a laser weapons 
project), but that does not necessarily rule out the possibility that 
other projects with the same name could be UFO-related, or that a 
branch of the official project houses a UFO research program. As to 
Project Snowbird, Bill Moore and Jaime Shandera (a Hollywood film 
producer who is also in contact with highly placed individuals in the 
intelligence community) believe that there may well be such a project 
to test-fly alien craft in Nevada. And, as we shall learn in Chapters 7- 
9, a considerable body of evidence has now emerged which tends to 
confirm this extraordinary claim. 

“ORCON,” Bill has learned, means “Dissemination and Extraction 
of Information Controlled by Originator,” and is used mainly by the 
Central Intelligence Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency, National 
Security Agency, and United States Air Force Intelligence. “OPR” is 
an acronym for “Office of Primary Responsibility,” and the use of 
“prowords” is the correct form for documents pertaining to Sensitive 
Compartmented Information (SCI). (There is also reported to be a 
category known as ESI-Extremely Sensitive Information.) Whether 
or not the other project names, as well as the prowords, are factual, 
remains to be seen. 

Bill and Jaime remain skeptical of the alleged Carter briefing paper, 
pointing out, for example, that it has a generally sloppy appearance 
and contains misspellings (as well as grammatical errors). But they 
remain open to the probability that some truth is contained therein.11 
I concur. My conviction is that the document is bogus, in the sense 
that it is certainly not the original (if such exists) and that the disinformation
includes a number of important omissions (such as the 
primary role of the Office of Naval Intelligence in the study of recovered
alien vehicles). 

Irrespective of the document’s authenticity, Bill Moore told me that 
the individual who showed it to him got into trouble, and Bill himself 
was the subject of an FBI investigation; an investigation which intensified
following release of the alleged MJ-12 briefing document for 
President-elect Eisenhower. Of sixty-one pages relating to that investigation, 
only six have been released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
the remainder being exempt from disclosure. 

ABOVE TOP SECRET 

In conversations with lawyer Peter Gersten in 1983, 
Richard Doty claimed to have been briefed on the UFO subject with 
briefing papers similar to those used for presidents-elect,12 which, if 
true, suggests that he must have held a very high security clearance. 
Is it remotely possible that the document he showed Linda Howe- 
which seems to have been similar in some respects to the briefing 
paper shown to Bill Moore by another source-was based on the “real 
thing,” and that there was a genuine desire on the part of the intelligence
 community at that time to introduce the public to some authentic
 material, just as there seems to have been in 1973, but that 
on each occasion the plug was pulled out-ostensibly for political 
reasons? 

There is no question, for instance, that Senator Barry Goldwater 
was informed many years ago by General Curtis LeMay, a former Air 
Force Chief of Staff and head of Strategic Air Command, that a plan 
existed to release information on UFOs to the public. As Goldwater 
remarked in a letter in 1975: 

About ten or twelve years ago I made an effort to find out 
what was in the building at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
where the information is stored that has been collected by the Air 
Force, and I was understandably denied this request. It is still 
classified above Top Secret. I have, however, heard that there is a 
plan under way to release some, if not all, of this material in the 
near future. . . .13 [Emphasis added] 

Although there have been no sensational revelations of an official 
nature to date, a great deal of long-denied information has now been 
released by the intelligence community under provisions of the Freedom
 of Information Act. Thousands of pages of reports dealing with 
UFOs have been and are continuing to be released by agencies such 
as the CIA, DIA, FBI, NSA, and the Air Force, Army, and Naval 
intelligence branches. Although the most sensitive reports are being 
withheld in the interests of national security, it is clear that Senator 
Goldwater was correctly informed. 


OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 

In Above Top Secret; I took the risk of publishing a 
document which purports to be a preliminary briefing paper prepared
in 1952 for President-elect Eisenhower by former CIA director 
Vice Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter. The document, classified TOP 
SECRET/MAJIC/EYES ONLY, summarized what the so-called 
Majestic-12 committee-supposedly established by President Truman 
in 1947-had learned about the UFO problem up to that time, and 
included information on the 1947 Roswell crash and the subsequent 
recovery of four alien bodies. From a historical perspective, much 
information suggesting that the document (or at least its contents) 
could be authentic has now been uncovered, notably by scientist Stanton
Friedman, who devoted a number of years to the project with the 
aid of a sixteen-thousand-dollar grant from the Fund for UFO 
Research.14 

My copy of the document was sent to me by an intelligence source 
in the United States in March 1987, specifically for inclusion in Above 
Top Secret. I published the document in the conviction that it was 
probably authentic. However, valid objections have now been raised, 
including the fact that the signature on the memo from President 
Truman to MJ-12 member James Forrestal (dated September 24, 
1947, and authorizing “Operation Majestic Twelve”), is practically 
identical to a known-to-be-authentic signature on a Truman memo to 
Dr. Vannevar Bush, dated October 1, 1947. Although Stanton Friedman
 argues that there are some differences in length and ratio, such 
differences could easily have been effected by a forger. Furthermore, 
in the examples of Truman’s signature that I have seen, Truman’s 
signature almost invariably overlaps the typed text, which is not the 
case with the Truman/For res tal MJ-12 memo. 

I do not propose to get bogged down in the controversy of the 
MJ-12 document in this book. Those interested should avail themselves
 of Stanton Friedman’s painstaking report, as well as the exhaustive
 study by Bill Moore and Jaime Shandera into typefaces and 
security markings, and, for a balanced perspective, the papers by Barry 
Greenwood, Robert Hastings, Philip J. Klass, Joe Nickell, and John 
Fischer.15 

Suffice it to say that even if the entire document turns out to be 
fraudulent-which I now believe to be the case-some information 
contained therein, at least, is essentially factual. Moreover, there is 
now evidence that there was a Majestic-12 committee dealing with 
UFOs. Dr. Eric A. Walker, for example, a highly distinguished scientist 
whose former posts include the executive secretary of the Research 
and Development Board, chairman of the Naval Research Advisory 
Committee, chairman of the National Science Foundation’s Committee
 for Engineering, chairman of the (highly secret) Institute for 
Defense Analysis, and president of Pennsylvania State University, has 
confirmed the existence of MJ-12 and his attendance at meetings regarding
 recovered alien vehicles and bodies at Wright-Patterson Air 
Force Base, and, apparently, that there has been contact with aliens.16 
Further evidence for the existence of MJ-12 is presented in the final 
chapters of this book. 

It is perhaps significant that the MJ-12 document was first received 
anonymously in the post in December 1984 by Jaime Shandera, and 
that the envelope was postmarked Albuquerque. This has led some 
critics to assume that Doty was the sender, particularly since he showed 
Linda Howe a similar document in 1983-at Kirtland Air Force Base 
in Albuquerque. Doty has denied this, and has suggested that the 
document “originated” with a source in the Defense Intelligence 
Agency and was sent for the purpose of discrediting both Jaime and 
Bill Moore. Although the Albuquerque postmark does not necessarily 
mean that the document originated there, Bill Moore claims to have 
developed a number of intelligence contacts in Albuquerque (including
 “Condor”) and has readily admitted to me the possibility that he 
(and Shandera) may have been fed false information. 

Bill and Jaime have contact with about twelve highly placed individuals
 within the intelligence community, all of whom have been 
allocated code names of birds. During the UFO Cover-Up? Live documentary
, two such individuals-“Condor” and “Falcon,” with their 
faces blacked out and voices electronically modulated-came out with 
some sensational information-or disinformation, as the case may be. 
Among various topics, the officers confirmed the existence of MJ-12. 
Established by President Truman, Falcon claimed, much of MJ-12’s 
function entailed keeping track of all information pertaining to UFOs. 
“MJ-12 functions as a policy-making group relating to extraterrestrial 
activities and contacts and UFO activities within the United States,” 
Falcon began. “They make the policy, obtain presidential approval, 
and then . . . implement the policies . . . Part of their job was scientific 
advancements, but their primary purpose was to keep track of the 
information coming in on UFOs, and to analyze the information both 
scientifically and in a way that would advance our technology.” 

Falcon went on to explain that various government officials and 
elected officials were aware of the MJ-12 program. “These officials 
include the President, the Vice President, as elected officials; the director
 of Central Intelligence, and the director of the National Security 
Agency,” he said. MJ-12 headquarters were situated at the Naval 
Observatory in Washington, D.C., he claimed. “The United States 
Navy has the primary operational responsibilities of field activities 
relating to MJ-12 policies. All information gathered in the field-not 
necessarily by Navy personnel-is transmitted to the Navy for 
analysis.” 

The extent of alleged covert involvement by the United States Navy 
is a subject I shall be returning to later. The dearth over the years of 
UFO-related documents released by the Navy under the Freedom of 
Information Act has misled researchers into assuming that there has 
been little or no involvement. As we shall learn, this is far from being 
true. 

Bill and Jaime, commenting on Falcon’s disclosures, added that 
other government agencies fed information to MJ-12 through a top- 
secret cover project-Project Aquarius. “MJ-12 connects selected individuals
 within the National Security Council, the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff, the White House intelligence unit, the National Security Agency, 
the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Defense Intelligence Agency,” 
Jaime reported. “The research is conducted, the data classified and 
cataloged, all under the umbrella of strictest national security.” 

One of the functions of Aquarius, Falcon claimed, was to act as a 
sort of communications umbrella through which various interested 
parties could pass and receive data, without revealing specifics about 
themselves in the process. At the apex of the umbrella was the MJ- 
12 group. 

Some years ago, Bill Moore learned of the existence of a special 
interest group within the DIA which comprised two distinct branches 
feeding data to Project Aquarius. One was lodged at the DIA’s imagery 
division (DC5C) and operated from the Melpar Building in Falls 
Church, Virginia, with an additional presence at the Digital Imagery 
Processing Service (DIPS) in the Naval Intelligence Support Center 
(NISC), Suidand, Maryland. “The group oversaw a small ‘black’ 
budget appropriation and need-to-know access was maintained by 
probably not more than a dozen individuals at any given time,” Bill 
reports. “Over a space of several years, I only ever heard three names 
of people reportedly associated with it. These were Colonel R. ‘Donny’ 
Phillips, perhaps the leader of the group; Master Sergeant Theodore 
Zahrodney, who I understood did some of their field work; and John 
W. Westerman, an imagery specialist reputed to be DC5C’s liaison 
with Aquarius ... I have been led to understand since then that the 
group, now referred to as a ‘working committee,’ underwent something
 of a reorganization in the latter part of 1986, and as far as I 
know, it continues to function. One of the results of that reorganization
was the establishment of a computerized data base and communications
net known, curiously enough, as ‘MJ-SETI.’ ”17 

In Out There, journalist Howard Blum identifies a “Colonel Harold 
E. Phillips” of the Defense Intelligence Agency as being involved with 
a “UFO Working Group” established in 1987, and claims that a “Project
 Aquarius” was supervised by the DIA’s Directorate for Management
 and Operations. Discussing the FBI’s classified investigation into 
the authenticity of the MJ-12 document, Blum reveals that the FBI 
had supposedly looked into the possibility that the working group 
was “responsible” for the document, but that this had been denied by 
the group. An FBI agent in Los Angeles expressed the agency’s frustration
 at failing to find the source of the document. “We’ve gone 
knocking on every door in Washington with those MJ-12 papers,” he 
allegedly told Blum. “All we’re finding out is that the government 
doesn’t know what it knows. There are too many secret levels. You 
can’t get a straight story. It wouldn’t surprise me if we never knew if 
the papers were genuine or not.”18 

I have to add that there are some factual errors in Blum’s book 
which do not inspire confidence in the reliability of his reporting, and 
the “UFO Working Group,” in the sense that he describes it as a top- 
secret group established in 1987 to determine if there is life “out 
there,” seems unlikely to me, in view of all the accumulated evidence 
indicating that such a determination was made in 1947. 

FALCON AND CONDOR 

Having checked and verified Falcon’s credentials, Jaime 
and Bill are satisfied that the intelligence officer is indeed highly placed, 
with access to the MJ-12 infrastructure, and that his disclosures are 
officially sanctioned. Peter Leon, an executive producer for a Los 
Angeles television station, has also met Falcon. “I’m satisfied at this 
time that he is who he says he is,” he confirmed during the documentary. 
But who is Falcon? 

It will be recalled that Special Agent Bichard Doty used the code 
name “Falcon” when liaising with Linda Howe. Bill and Jaime insist 
that Doty's code name is “Sparrow,” and that Doty acted as the go- 
between in arranging meetings with the real Falcon. Doty, too, denies 
the charge. “I am not the person code-named ‘Falcon’ ”, he wrote in 
1989 to Robert Hastings, a researcher from Albuquerque. “I have 
underwent [sic] two extensive Government investigations regarding 
this claim. I have been exonerated by the Government on both occasions
. My name was connected with Falcon to cover up the true 
identity of Falcon. However, the Government knows the true identity 
of Falcon and that person (employed in Washington by DIA) is presently
under investigation.”19 

Michael Seligman, producer of UFO Cover-Up? Live, quite properly 
refused to break his promise by revealing the identity of Falcon to me 
when I questioned him in 1990. But coproducer Curt Brubaker told 
me without any hesitation (although he never met him) that Doty is 
indeed Falcon. Bill Moore has informed me otherwise. 

As to the identity of Condor, veteran researcher Leonard Stringfield 
claims to have been contacted by him several times in 1985, while 
Condor was stationed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. “Expressing
interest in my research and sources, he claimed to know a colonel 
with sensitive information relative to my work,” Len reports, “but his 
proposal for me to meet with this source fell through and I heard no 
more. Later I learned that he confided with a member of the Fund 
for UFO Research and after that with Bill Moore, etc.”20 

Robert Hastings shares my opinion that Condor is Robert M. Collins
, a former United States Air Force captain who was assigned to 
the Plasma Physics group at Sandia National Laboratories, Kirtland 
Air Force Base, until his retirement in 1988.21 Significantly, Collins 
was actively involved in the promotion of UFO Cover-Up? Live. Although
 Michael Seligman refuses to disclose the identity of Condor, 
he nevertheless confirmed that he is a bona fide scientist. “I know 
where he was working and did check that out,” Seligman told me. 
“He was very credible, and I really believed everything he told me.” 
Interestingly, Michael Seligman also informed me that it was evident 
from the way that Condor and Falcon conversed with each other that 
they had not met before.22 

PROJECT BLUE BOOK 

Interviewed on Seligman’s documentary, Condor revealed
that Project Blue Book was merely a low-level effort by the Air 
Force to gather information, with a minimal staff of one officer, a 
noncommissioned officer, a secretary, and a scientist. “The interesting 
and most exciting reports that came into Blue Book were often sy- 
phoned off by moles within the [MJ-12] organization. Those reports 
were pulled out of the files and never returned, and just simply sent 
forward. . . . The effort of Blue Book was to minimize the effects of 
these reports and to try and explain away as many as they could. And 
of course, it worked [in that] it closed down Project Blue Book and 
terminated official Air Force involvement.” 

Colonel William Coleman, who had served with Project Blue Book 
and had been an Air Force spokesman at the Pentagon, allowed me 
to interview him in Florida in 1989 regarding his own report of a 
UFO sighting which subsequently “disappeared” from Blue Book files. 
The incident occurred in the summer of 1955 when Coleman was 
flying a B-25 Mitchell bomber from Miami, Florida, to Greenwood, 
Mississippi. Together with the rest of the crew, Coleman sighted an 
unidentified object in the sky, and eventually gave chase over Alabama. 
“Finally, we were down about two hundred feet off the ground, 
just going across the treetops,” he told me. “I mean, in that section 
of Alabama, there is nothing. We crossed one farm and one highway
 . . . there wasn’t a vehicle in sight. We saw no people. The only 
thing we saw was animals, which got disturbed-naturally, they would 
be, with that B-25! We were within an eighth of a mile of it, and 
there was this perfect round shadow of this thing, going over the 
treetops!” 

Coleman and his crew lost sight of the object during a maneuver, 
so climbed to fifteen hundred feet to try and find it. Nothing could 
be seen at first. “Then I looked over into a big field, freshly plowed- 
southern Alabama has a clay-type loam, and it was very dry-and I 
saw it. It was going across this plowed field, right on the deck. What 
made me notice it was that it was leaving twin vortices of this red 
dust swirling up.” Coleman immediately descended to a lower altitude 
to give chase, but at this stage only the trail could be seen. “The trail 
continued all the way across the field. We made several turns out there, 
but never saw it.” 

As the B-25 began its descent into Greenwood, the object was seen 
briefly, moving at speed without any contrail at twenty-five thousand 
feet. On landing, the crew submitted independent reports of what 
they had seen. Some time later, when Coleman was about to be assigned
to Project Blue Book, he asked Colonel Robert Friend to look 
up his report in the files. It was nowhere to be found, so another 
search was made. “But it was not there, and there was no record that 
it had ever arrived there,” Coleman told me. 

“You are aware,” I asked, “that those UFO reports affecting national 
security were rerouted?” 

“Yes,” he replied. “I’m damn aware of that. Certainly.”23 

Brigadier General Bolender is another Air Force official who has 
confirmed that UFO reports “which could affect the national security
 ... are not part of the Blue Book system.”24 What this means, in 
effect, is that the negative conclusions reached by the University of 
Colorado study (commissioned by the Air Force and based on Blue 
Book records), which account for the United States Government’s 
official position on the subject, are based on a deception-as Falcon 
confirms. 

In an interview with Jaime Shandera, Falcon described how MJ-12 
decided toward the end of the 1960s that Project Blue Book had 
served its purpose and was to be discontinued: 

“[MJ-12] were afraid at the time that if they continued with Project 
Blue Book, some of the information-some of the guarded secrets 
that the Americans obtained from the investigations of UFOs-would 
get out into the public, so they decided to end Project Blue Book. 
And they did that with an investigation by the University of Colorado
-the so-called Condon Report-which basically stated that there 
wasn’t anything to the sightings; that there were some unexplained, 
but basically everything was explained ... the government had decided
 to go underground with the investigation and that’s when it 
was transferred from Blue Book by the U.S. Air Force to another 
intelligence agency, which started a domestic investigation of UFOs 
in the United States.” 

COVERT INVESTIGATIONS 

“we are continuing the investigation of UFO sightings 
and landings in an official capacity, sanctioned by the government, 
but clandestinely, without the knowledge of the public, and, I must 
say, without the knowledge of a lot of other government agencies,” 
Falcon continued, and went on to explain that the United States could 
ill afford to risk losing technological data that had been obtained from 
the sightings and landings, “and the information that we have obtained 
independendy from alien crafts.” 

Another chief concern was fear of public reaction. “In some ways,” 
commented Falcon, “the United States is afraid that the public would 
panic if they knew the real story-the whole story.” 

“But couldn’t the government just admit that this is a legitimate 
classified area of information?” asked Jaime. 

“Because of our democratic society,” replied Falcon, “everyone has 
a right to freedom of information, except for what’s exempted under 
certain paragraphs of Tide 5, U.S. Code. But the public would continue
to ask for information, continue to pry into the investigations, 
and eventually, they would harm the process that the government has 
taken to obtain the information from the aliens.” 

Asked how the covert investigations were carried out, Falcon replied 
that the process was the same as that of an intelligence operation, 
involving the recruitment of various “cooperating individuals,” in 
much the same manner that an intelligence officer would recruit an 
agent of a foreign country. “When they gave us information [on] a 
sighting or landing, then we would either use them or ourselves in a 
cover capacity, or identify ourselves as some other person, to investigate
that sighting. We’ve used newspaper personnel, wittingly 
and unwittingly, and we’ve used scientists, or we have posed as scientists.” 

The collected information is then passed to Washington, D.C. “It 
would go through the director of Central Intelligence, who is of course 
the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, but he is also the 
director of all the intelligence agencies within the United States Government. 
And then from there it’s filtered to the appropriate individual 
for analysis and filing. ... If the information contained actual sightings 
and contacts, that’s normally classified at a level of Top Secret that is 
specially compartmented.” 

According to a source who worked for the Joint Chiefs of Staff’s 
office at the Pentagon’s National Military Command Center (NMCC), 
a secret, centralized command structure dealing with UFOs has been 
in operation since the mid-to-late 1970s and continues to handle the 
UFO situation from the ranks of the NMCC, the level at which the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, in conjunction with the White House “war 
room,” deploy American military forces worldwide. The UFO situation
is apparently considered so serious that it warrants a “consolidated
oversight mechanism and planning force, on a par with 
management for global conflict.”25 

How did Falcon feel about deceiving the public? “Well, sometimes 
when you deceive the public, you’re protecting the public,” he responded
. “And I would certainly protect the public in deception op- 
erations if it was for their own good. But some aspects of these UFO 
investigations that have occurred over the years have no reason to be 
withheld from the public. The general knowledge that there were aliens 
that landed on Earth back in the fifties, late forties, and that we have 
had some type of communication with them since, shouldn’t be kept 
from the public.” 

“You’ve said that one of the reasons the government is conducting 
these ongoing investigations in a covert manner is their concern about 
the public reaction to this,” said Jaime, “yet we’ve had a great number 
of science fiction movies that really address some of these critical key 
questions right now. In view of that, are we getting closer to the point 
where the government is going to say, We’ve been doing this, we 
want to come clean about it’?” 

“I think, since the early 1950s, the first movie that I can remember 
about the subject, The Day the Earth Stood Still, until the most recent 
movie, E.T., the United States Government is conditioning the public 
into just determining their reaction to aliens and the subject of extra- 
terrestrials. The government wants to know how the people would 
react, and I believe that this information-or the government believes 
that if this information is released over a period of time, the public 
would readily accept it more than they would if it was all shoved out 
at one time,” Falcon explained. 

THE EBEs 

If Falcon and Condor are telling the truth, it is a safe 
assumption that they are principal collaborators in the government’s 
plan to release the facts gradually to the public. Disinformation is 
involved in this plan, of course, but there may well be good reasons 
for it. Supposing the facts are unpalatable; that some aliens are hostile, 
for example, and that we have no control over the situation? We can 
hardly expect our leaders openly to acknowledge such a scenario. 
Instead, would it not be easier to soften up the public by promoting 
the concept of cooperative little aliens with whom we have managed 
to establish friendly communications, but occasionally hinting that we 
are not in complete control? 

With this in mind, let us examine the most controversial disclosures 
by Condor and Falcon: the alleged contact with “Extraterrestrial Biological
 Entities” or “EBEs,” as revealed in the documentary and in 
additional interviews with Jaime Shandera and Bill Moore. Much of 
the information, it will be noted, is similar to that given and shown 
to Linda Howe by Richard Doty in 1983. 

Falcon claims to have acquired most of his information about the 
EBEs from firsthand descriptions as well as films and photographs, 
but on one occasion he was shown an alien craft. “It was in a security 
area,” he told Jaime and Bill. “Even with a security clearance as high 
as I have, I did not have access to that, to the close proximity of it, 
but I was observing it from a distance. It was up on a platform. It 
was circular-shaped, had an opening on one side, and had a battery 
of lights on the top. I was within maybe a hundred and fifty yards 
of it.” 

“Was there any indication of weapons on board?” 
“No-not to the best of my knowledge. There was a-I should say 
the aliens have a defensive system, but it’s not an offensive weapon; 
it’s a defensive system that would cause an electrical interference to 
any incoming rockets or missiles.” 

“Has there ever been any indication that the aliens could be dangerous
to mankind?” 

“Earlier, in the fifties, there had been some jets [that] chased aliens. 
The jets crashed, and there’s reason to believe that it wasn’t anything 
intentional on the part of the aliens, [who] were probably just as 
mystified as we were, and that they therefore made some type of 
defensive gesture which caused our aircraft to be destroyed.” 

Falcon was shown a film of an alien that was supposedly “exchanged” 
sometime in the 1970s. “I don’t know the exact date,” he said, “but 
I saw a videotape of an interview being done by an Air Force colonel. 
It was shown to a group of us in Washington, D.C.” The film showed 
an exchange of information from a particular alien given the name 
“EBE-2” (EBE-1 having been the first to arrive in 1949). EBE-2, 
claimed Falcon, “voluntarily came over to be examined and spoken 
with” for this purpose. But how was communication initially established
 with EBE-1 ? 

“It took a year or so before the military intelligence personnel were 
able to communicate with him,” Falcon explained. “But once they did 
communicate with him, he told them the basics of his knowledge of 
his planet’s exploration of planet Earth. His knowledge wasn’t totally 
complete, because he was basically a mechanic ... I wouldn’t say he 
knew it all, and I think that was the consensus of the intelligence 
personnel who were investigating and interviewing him.” 

“And what planet did he come from?” asked Jaime. 
“He was in the Zeta Reticuli star group-the third planet-and it 
had a binary sun [system]-two suns together.”26 

“Just how did they exchange information?” 
“In 1951 or 1952, sometime after the alien was recovered, this 
doctor devised a way of planting a device in the throat of this alien 
in order for him to speak words,” Falcon explained. “He learned the 
English language, I’m told, very rapidly. . . . Although it was not always
 recognizable, you could most of the time understand the words 
he was speaking.” 

The EBEs wore clothing, “but they apparently don’t require the 
type of clothing that we would require.” 

Falcon went on to describe how the entire history of the United 
States’ communications with the EBEs is contained in a very special 
book, known as the “Bible” in the intelligence community (and kept 
at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia). 

“It’s a very, very thick, detailed account of the investigations that 
have been conducted from about 1947. . . . Every so often it’s updated 
with additional information, and I read the document in 1977. I had 
access to it. I didn’t read the entire document, but I read extracts, and 
that’s where I obtained this information from.” The “Bible” contains 
information on “everything that occurred from the Truman era up 
through to the three aliens being guests of the United States Government
; technological data gathered from the aliens; medical history 
gathered from dead aliens that were found in the desert; autopsies; 
and information obtained from the extraterrestrials regarding their 
social structure and their information pertaining to the universe.” 

“As of the year 1988,” Falcon said, “there is one extraterrestrial 
being [EBE-3] who is a guest of the United States Government, and 
he’s remained hidden from public view.” Also part of an “exchange 
program,” EBE-3 has been a “guest” since 1982, Falcon claimed. 

During the documentary, Falcon alluded briefly to another book, 
known as the “Yellow Book,” which supposedly had been written by 
EBE-2. “The book relates to the alien’s planet, the social structure of 
the aliens, and the alien’s life among Earthlings. What was most intriguing
, in my experience with the aliens, is, I believe, an octagon- 
shaped crystal, which when held in the alien’s hand and viewed by a 
second person, displays pictures. These can be of the alien’s home 
planet, or pictures of Earth many thousands of years ago.” 

Asked by Jaime for a physical description of the EBEs, Falcon 
responded as follows: 

The ones that I saw pictures of and the videotapes that I observed
, and the information they obtained from the medical examination
 of the aliens, describe the alien as a creature about 
three feet four inches to three feet eight inches tall. Their eyes are 
extremely large, almost insect-style. Their eyes have a couple of 
lids, and that’s probably because they were born on a planet that 
had a binary sun [system]. The days are extremely bright, probably
 twice to three times as bright as our sun, I think. 

They have just two openings where our nose would be. They 
have no teeth as we know it-they have a hard gumlike area. 
Their internal organs are quite simple. They have one organ 
which encompasses what we would refer to as a heart and lungs; 
it’s one pulmonary sac which does the job of our heart and lungs. 
Their digestive system is really simple. They only have liquid 
wastes and not solid wastes. . . . Their skin structure is an extremely
 elastic skin, and hard, probably hardening from their sun. 
They have some basic organs. Their brain is more complex than 
ours; it has several different lobes than ours have. Where our eyes 
are controlled by the back of the brain, theirs is [sic] controlled 
by the front of the brain. Their hearing is quite better than ours, 
almost better than a dog’s, [and the ears are] small areas at the 
side of their heads. . . . They have hands without thumbs-four 
fingers without thumbs. Their feet are small, weblike. 

Their sexual organs-they have males and females. The female 
has a sex organ similar to our females. There’s some difference of 
the ovary system. And their kidney and bladder is one organ. 
They excrete waste. They have another organ which-I don’t 
know if our scientists determined what it was for, but I believe 
it’s to transfer the solid wastes into liquid wastes. . . . They don’t 
require very much liquid. They transfer all the food that they eat 
into liquids. The body extracts the liquids out of the food . . . but 
they have been able to eat some basic food products-vegetables 
and fruits-that we would eat. But I believe that they have problems
 digesting meat products, and I don’t believe they eat meat 
on their planet.” * 

During the documentary, Falcon claimed that the EBEs’ life span 
was approximately three hundred fifty to four hundred years. “It’s my 
understanding that the aliens have an IQ of over two hundred,” he 
added. “They have a religion, but it’s a universal religion. They believe 
in the Universe as a Supreme Being. The aliens enjoy music-all types 
of music-especially ancient Tibetan-style music.” 

And then Falcon came out with a comment that must have amused 
but alienated millions of viewers. “They like vegetables. And their 
favorite dish or snack is ice cream-especially strawberry.” 

At a stroke, credibility in Condor, Falcon-and the aliens-probably
evaporated. The inclusion of such a comment was a serious misjudgment
on the part of those behind the scenes. Unless, of course, 
one takes the view that it was all part of a disinformation program to 
discredit the subject. In any event, the ice cream comment provided 
light relief. And who knows, maybe the aliens do like ice cream! 

In the private interview with Jaime and Bill, Falcon claimed that 
more than one species of aliens are visiting Earth. 
We have reason to believe there are more than one species. In 
the last ten years, there’s been a number of sightings, landings, 
and contacts with an alien that was quite different than the 
EBEns-the smaller ones. These were larger, and they had hair, 
whereas the EBEns had no hair on their body. . . . They were still 
[of an] almost insectlike appearance, but they had hair and they 
were relatively tall... a number of sightings listed them as almost 
five feet tall. . . and this is one reason why the domestic collections
people within the intelligence community [are] investigating 
sightings, because we have reason to believe-we have knowledge 
that there’s at least one other alien race visiting this 
planet. . . . One of the MJ-12 people told me that in the last 
twenty-five years they believed there had been nine different species
of aliens visiting this planet. But that’s basically all I know on 
the subject. 

NSA COMMUNICATIONS 

Nine different species visiting Earth? it seems preposterous, 
yet those of us who have studied the hundreds of reports from 
all over the world of encounters with UFO entities are well aware of 
the bewildering diversity of occupants described by witnesses. These 
range from creatures that look like nothing on Earth to beings remarkably
 similar to Homo sapiens, as we have learned earlier. And in 
1990, I was informed independendy via a National Security Agency 
linguist that the NSA allegedly has a signals intelligence (SIGINT) 
operation to monitor nine separate alien groups. 

Interestingly, Falcon also said that the NSA is involved in a communications
program. Asked by Jaime Shandera to describe how communications
were established with the aliens prior to landings (as part 
of an ongoing “liaison”), Falcon made an intriguing reply. 

“To the best of my knowledge-that’s limited I must say-the 
National Security Agency has devised a system for communicating 
with the aliens [which is] some type of electronic or pulse sound 
system. [The aliens] send a signal to a certain location on Earth-and 
I’m not sure where that receiving point is. I believe one is in Nevada 
and one is in California. Anyway, the sound or the communication is 
translated in the computer and the aliens give the landing coordinates 
to us, so we know the location of known landings. Now, what we 
investigate are the unknown landings; the ones where they’re not telling 
the United States that they’re landing.” 

“Do nations other than the United States communicate with aliens?” 
Jaime inquired. 

“I have limited knowledge that the Soviets have communicated with 
aliens-at least attempted to communicate with them in the early 
fifties, and also recently, in the early eighties.” 

"Would you say the United States is in the forefront of this 
communication ? ” 

“I would say they were-many years ahead of them in communications
with the aliens. Yes.” 

PROJECT SNOWBIRD 

In December 1980, three witnesses were irradiated by an 
unusual aircraft as it flew slowly above them near Huffman, Texas, 
escorted by over twenty helicopters. The witnesses subsequently sued 
the United States Government for twenty million dollars in damages, 
but the case was dismissed on the grounds that no such object was 
owned, operated, or in the inventory of the Air Force, Army, Navy, 
or NASA (experts from each were represented in court).27 

“The craft that was observed was an alien craft piloted by military 
aircraft pilots,” Falcon claimed during UFO Cover-Up? Live, as the 
principal witnesses, Betty Cash and Vickie Landrum, listened atten- 
tively in the studio. “Although they had been trained and were somewhat
familiar with the craft, they found that the aircraft did not 
respond to certain controls. They radioed that they thought the craft 
was going to crash-standard procedures for the military in any situation
where an aircraft was going to crash-the military would send 
up search-and-rescue helicopters. The helicopters were following the 
craft. The craft experienced severe problems. It was thought that the 
craft was going to crash. However, this craft did not crash. . . .” 

Both the alleged briefing papers seen by Linda Howe and Bill 
Moore, it will be recalled, contained brief references to Project 
Snowbird, which (according to Bill’s document) had been established in 
order to “test-fly a recovered Alien aircraft.” The project was said to 
be “continuing” in Nevada. Falcon claimed on the documentary that 
the aliens had “complete control” of a base located in Nevada, while 
Condor explained further: 

“From what we understand, an agreement was signed between our 
U.S. Government and the extraterrestrials [which says that] we won’t 
disclose your existence if you do not interfere in our society, and we 
allow you to operate from a designated piece of the United States. 
It’s in the State of Nevada, in an area called Area 51, or 
‘Dreamland.’. . .”28 


=======================================================================
DREAMLAND 

Is there any truth at all to the statements of Falcon and Condor? 
Diluted as they may be with disinformation, sorting the wheat from 
the chaff presents a daunting task. Yet, I have been encouraged by 
the accumulation of corroborative evidence in support of some of the 
claims, at least, including significant and intriguing information relating
to “Dreamland.” 

According to an increasing number of witnesses, the United States 
Government has been test-flying some very unusual aircraft for many 
years in the remote Nellis Air Force Range and Nuclear Test Site in 
Nevada, and particularly at the top-secret Groom Dry Lake area and 
its environs, usually known as “Area 51” or “Dreamland,” located 
about eighty miles north-northwest of Las Vegas (see Chapter 8, 
Fig. 8.1). 

“Dreamland” is the radio call sign for the Nellis air traffic controllers 
who maintain the highly restricted airspace in this vicinity. Although 
it is known that extremely advanced and unconventional secret aircraft 
are test-flown in the area-more advanced than the remarkable Lockheed
F-117A stealth plane, based (until 1992) with the 37th Tactical 
Fighter Wing at the top-secret Tonopah Test Range Airfield (TTR),1 
which abuts the northwest corner of the vast Nellis complex, one 
hundred and forty miles north-northwest of Las Vegas-little is 
known about other more secret “black” projects. 

“We are test-flying vehicles that defy description,” aviation writer 
James Goodall was told by an Air Force officer. Another of Goodal’s 
informants, a retired colonel, concurred. “We have things that are so 
far beyond the comprehension of the average aviation authority as to 
be really alien to our way of thinking,” he reportedly stated. Furthermore
, Goodall has heard rumors that these new projects involve 
“force-field technology,” “gravity-drive systems”-and even “flying 
saucer” designs.2 But does anything substantial lie behind these rumors? 

Jim Goodall has informed me that Ben Rich, the recently retired 
vice president and general manager of Lockheed’s Advanced Development
 Projects division (the “Skunk Works”), who was largely responsible
 for the F-117 program, has disclosed a belief in both 
extraterrestrial and man-made UFOs. “I’m a believer in both categories,” 
Rich told John Andrews of the Testor Corporation. “I feel 
everything is possible. Many of our man-made UFOs are Un-Funded 
Opportunities.”3 

Interestingly, there is (or was) a unit at Nellis Air Force Base, eight 
miles northeast of Las Vegas, called the Alien Technology Center. 
This unit, I was told by aviation writer Bill Gunston, relates solely to 
the testing of foreign, but conventional, aircraft. The Air Force’s secret 
4477th Test and Evaluation Squadron (“Red Hats/Red Eagles”) has 
flown more than a squadron of Soviet-built aircraft from the Groom 
Lake and Tonopah test ranges. But is it possible that more advanced 
craft, of truly “alien” origin or design, have been flown? The editor 
of the American military magazine Gung-Ho, Jim Shults, lends credence
 to the possibility. 

“The [Alien Technology] Center is rumored to have obtained alien 
(not Earth) equipment and, at times, personnel to help develop our 
new aircraft, Star Wars weaponry, etc.,” Shults wrote in 1988. “Yes, 
I know I sound crazy, but the rumor is awfully solid! The Alien 
Technology Center is for real. Something remarkable has caused the 
Russians to suddenly want to play ball, and I personally believe this 
could be it. . . .”4 

PROJECT RED LIGHT 

In the early 1960s, Mike Hunt, who at the time held a 
“Q” clearance from the Atomic Energy Commission and an interagency
 Top Secret clearance, claims to have seen a saucer-shaped aircraft
 in Area 51, while engaged in radio maintenance. 

“I only saw the UFO one time,” he related to researcher David 
Dobbs in a letter (a copy of which is in my possession). “It was on 
the ground and partly hidden behind a building and at first I thought 
it was a small private aircraft until I noticed it had no wings or tail. 
I was probably half a mile or further from it but I would guess it was 
twenty or thirty feet in diameter and sort of a pewter color rather 
than bright polished aluminum.” 

Hunt claimed to have been present on a number of occasions when 
the “flying saucer” was taking off or landing, although he was never 
allowed to observe it. “The reason that I knew take-offs and landings 
were occurring was that I would be told something like ‘IT will be 
landing in [so many] minutes’ or ‘We will be taking IT out of the 
hangar,’ etc. I remember that any referrals were to ‘IT.’... I was 
always taken inside and out of view of the runway at these times,” he 
explained, “and at no time did I hear anything that sounded like a 
conventional or any other kind of engine. ...” 

Hunt related that on a number of occasions the radio sets he was 
working on suddenly “died” inexplicably, then just as suddenly began 
functioning normally. He paid little heed to this at the time. Richard 
Shakleford, a radar operator from the radar section at the north end 
of the test site near Tonopah, also mentioned to Hunt that he frequently
 tracked UFOs over the test site, but was told to ignore them. 
Mike Hunt believed that a highly secret program-known as “Project
 Red Light” or “Redlight”-connected with flying discs, was in 
operation at Area 51 at the time, and that this area was not controlled 
by Nellis AFB. “I always had the impression that the flight-test area 
was from Area 51 north, because there is a natural valley that runs in 
that direction for two hundred miles or so,” he told David Dobbs. 
“Also, I entered Area 51 from the north and there were a couple of 
times that I was questioned about whether I had 'noticed’ anything 
on the way in ... I was reminded constantly that no matter what I 
saw, I could be in serious trouble if I ever talked about any of it. I 
can’t stress too much how tight the security was. . . .”5 

Additional rumors concerning Project Red Light have surfaced over 
the years. In UFO Crash at Aztec, authors William Steinman and 
Wendelle Stevens (a former Air Force lieutenant colonel) cite a number 
of similar stories from independent sources. In one case, Stevens was 
approached after a lecture by a former medical corpsman who had 
been at a Navy Auxiliary airfield within the Atomic Energy Commission
 test site in 1951, at a time when all the base personnel, with the 
exception of the base hospital staff, had been transferred to other units. 
A Navy construction battalion was moved in and began extensive 
dismantling work, prior to constructing an underground facility. 

By the end of 1951, Stevens was told, the battalion had completed 
their work and a Project Red Light team moved in. This team grew 
to eight hundred or a thousand men, who remained on permanent 
duty at the base, which was reportedly protected by three separate 
perimeters and later guarded around the clock by a detachment of 
Blue Berets. According to Stevens’s informant, many leading scientists 
with top security clearances were involved in this maximum-security 
research program. 

“Although no statements were released and nothing was said of this 
in official papers,” Stevens reports, “the research was said to cover 
UFO propulsion, UFO weaponry, and examination and description 
of UFO hardware. There were even rumors of attempted repair or 
reconstruction of captured UFOs . . . and attempts to fly the captured 
craft or copies of them. . . . The facility was said to have at least three 
captured UFOs, two nearly complete, and one dismantled. One of 
the operational UFOs was said to have exploded in flight with two 
American test pilots aboard. 

“As if that wasn’t enough to swallow,” Stevens continues, “he said 
that a special habitat had been prepared during the reconstruction of 
the facility, and that two humanlike alien beings that had been kept 
alive in special environments were moved to the new habitat facility. 
At the time of this story, one of them had died in the habitat shortly 
after being moved there. . . . The aliens were described as small-size 
humans of a grayish-white to parchment-white color. . . .” 

Wendelle Stevens cites two other instances when witnesses approached
him following lectures, both claiming to have been employed 
at the Navy Auxiliary base south of the Tonopah Test Range. One 
witness said that during the reconstruction in 1951, parts of the existing
runway were dug up and most of the new facility was installed 
underground, after which the runway was relaid to appear as it did 
before.6 

Captain Nunnallee, of the 27th Tactical Fighter Wing, Cannon Air 
Force Base, New Mexico, has spoken to a guard who claims to have 
seen an extraordinary aircraft kept in a hangar at Dreamland. The 
guard disclosed that all area lights were shut off when the hangar 
doors were to be opened, researcher Tom Adams was told. “On one 
occasion, he saw the doors open during the night and saw an unusual 
object come out and take off straight up.” Described as “disc-shaped 
with dull tone lights,” it was rumored that the craft had been given 
to the United States by aliens.7 

A SAUCER AT NELLIS AFB, 1953 

Yet another story of a flying disc seen in the Nellis AFB/Area 51 vicinity 
is reported by journalist Robert Dorr, an Air Force 
veteran, who claims to have been told about a recovered saucer witnessed
by a member of an Air Technical Intelligence Center team 
assigned to the Nellis test base in April 1953. The saucer had reportedly
been recovered on the East Coast. 

“It was a perfect saucer, thirty feet three inches in diameter,” Dorr 
was told, “with thickness ranging from one foot around its circumference
 to nine feet at its center. It had a raised cockpit similar to that 
of a fighter plane and an enclosed area beneath, five by five by seven 
feet. Its propulsion system had been totally destroyed and most of the 
instrumentation and wiring, although involving familiar materials, was 
almost incomprehensible. No one ever seriously believed this was an 
interstellar star ship. The feeling was, it was a small craft designed to 
operate from a mother ship in orbit around the earth. Judging from 
its dimensions, and from the battered wreckage of acceleration 
couches, it was designed to carry two crew members, apparently with 
humanlike limbs, but considerably smaller than human beings. It took 
months of work to redesign the thing so a human pilot could fit 
into it.” 

Dorr was informed that there had been lengthy debate at Nellis 
over whether or not the craft could actually be flown. “Metallurgy 
experts understood the composition of the machine, and actually identified
new alloys that we had under development. But nobody could 
figure out what held it ‘up’. . . Since there was no ‘airfoil’ built into 
the saucer shape, it was assumed that it did not operate on the principle 
of ‘lift’ but, rather, was moved solely by its propulsion source. ...” 

The craft was supposedly fitted with two Wright J65 jet engines, 
and Dorr was told by another source that it was test-flown at Nellis 
between 1953 and 1955. The tests, of brief duration and at low 
altitude, were said to have yielded little of practical value, since “most 
of the alien technology had been lost in the original crash.”8 

Since Robert Dorr worked for a certain intelligence agency before 
retirement, I asked him if perhaps the Nellis story had been concocted 
for purposes of disinformation. “None of the information in the article 
is invented,” he replied. “It is as accurate as it was possible to make 
it. Disinformation, as the word is used on this side of the Atlantic, 
means false information intentionally disseminated by someone in 
authority for the purpose of deceiving. It is against the law for a United 
States Government agency to put out disinformation and in my opinion
there is no reason to do so. To the best of my knowledge, there 
is none in the article.”9 

Disinformation, of course, is standard practice in the world of 
counterintelligence, even if not legally sanctioned. But in view of additional 
evidence that the United States Government has actually test-flown 
disc-shaped aircraft of exotic origin, there may well be an element of 
truth contained in Robert Dorr’s report. While conceding that some 
unexplained UFO reports have been made by trained military pilots 
and others, Dorr points out, however, that “This does not make them 
spaceships and it does not mean the Air Force is holding a little green 
man in a bottle in Nevada. 

“Above all,” Dorr continued, “it does not mean that the United 
States Government is engaged in some massive conspiracy to hide the 
arrival of the little men from space. If you knew more about the 
government, you would know that it is almost impossible for CIA, 
DIA, and Air Force, etc., to cooperate on anything-let alone to pull 
off a massive conspiracy. There is no organ of the U.S. Government 
which possesses either a reason or the competence to conspire in such 
a manner.”10 Even so, some of Dorr’s comments in his article are at 
variance with these statements. 

The Avro-Car, or VZ-9, was a disc-shaped, jet-propelled vehicle 
designed by John Frost and built by A. V. Roe Ltd. of Canada in the 
1950s and was first “flown” in 1959. Following some unsuccessful 
trial hovering flights, it was cancelled a few years later, despite extravagant
 claims made for its performance. A 1955 CIA memorandum 
includes the interesting statement that “Mr. Frost is reported to have 
obtained his original idea for the flying machine from a group of 
Germans just after World War II. . . .” 11 

That the Germans were engaged in research into disc-shaped flying 
vehicles during World War II is undisputed, yet the available records 
suggest that they did not get very far. But supposing that they did, 
and that subsequent research yielded positive results, as has been 
claimed by a number of sources? Could it be that the stories of extraterrestrial
flying saucers are no more than a cover for highly secret 
tests of terrestrial craft? I do not entirely discount the hypothesis, yet 
there is another possibility which I find more convincing. 

Robert Dorr confirms that man-made saucers had been under consideration
by the United States Air Force for years, but had repeatedly 
proven impractical. He cites the opinion of Colonel Robert Gammon, 
an Army historian, who said that he had always wondered why a 
“joint” Army-Air Force project was initiated in the mid-1950s to 
develop a new, man-made saucer. “Neither service had a pressing 
need,” Gammon reportedly stated. “In the aftermath of the Korean 
War, purse strings were tight and funds were urgently needed for 
more practical aircraft. The Avro VZ-9 man-made saucer was an interesting
idea, but there was no clear requirement for it.” 

In his intriguing article, Dorr suggests that there could indeed have 
been a “clear requirement55: 

Was the Avro VZ-9 . . . also known as “Weapons System 
606A” . . . intended as a smoke screen to shift attention away 
from the real saucer-the alien spaceship? If there was any other 
purpose behind the VZ-9, it has become obscured by questions 
this project raised from the start. Why the “weapons system” designation
, when the craft was never designed to be armed? Why, 
at a time when the United States aerospace industry led the 
world, did Army and Air Force purchasers go to a Canadian 
firm . . . ? Why was the VZ-9 extensively publicized when first announced
 in 1955 (while the real saucer was allegedly being 
flown) and yet not publicized when it finally made its first test- 
flight on December 5, 1959? Why was the test program halted 
after a few, unsatisfactory tests? 

Did the Air Force need the VZ-9 only long enough to cover 
up its testing of an alien spaceship, then lose interest when those 
tests ended in 1955? 12 

Lieutenant Colonel George Edwards (USAF, retired), claims that 
he and others involved in the VZ-9 project were aware from the outset 
that it would never be successful. “Although we weren’t cut in on it,” 
he reportedly stated, “we knew that the Air Force was secredy test- 
flying a real alien spacecraft. The VZ-9 was to be a ‘cover’, so the 
Pentagon would have an explanation whenever people reported seeing 
a saucer in light.” 13 

RED FLAG 

Four times a year, Nellis AFB plays host to “Red Flag,” a 
six-week mock air war between players from the Air Force, Navy, 
Marine Corps, and NATO forces, in which pilots engage in “combat” 
with “enemy” aircraft. Researcher Tom Adams has been given a fas- 
cinating account by an F-111D pilot who inadvertently flew over 
Dreamland during a Red Flag exercise. The pilot, First Lieutenant 
Parrish, of the 522nd Tactical Fighter Squadron, 27th Tactical Fighter 
Wing, based at Cannon Air Force Base, New Mexico, claims that 
when his plane was picked up on radar, interceptors were sent aloft 
and he was ordered to land on the dry lake. Both pilot and navigator 
were detained for three days, during which time they were repeatedly 
asked what exactly they had seen. Parrish reportedly refused to talk.14 
Most of the aircraft and personnel involved in Red Flag exercises 
are made up of “Blue,” or “friendly,” forces, while the “Red” force 
consists of “enemy35 aircraft and equipment. According to a January 
1986 report supplied to me by John Lear, a part of Emigrant Valley 
near Groom Lake-most probably the area known as S-4, which will 
be described in the following two chapters-is stricdy off limits to 
overflights, including those made by the Red/Blue teams that simulate 
dogfights over the northern part of this area. These teams are only 
permitted to fly over the southern areas when there is heavy overcast, 
and even then, under rigidly controlled conditions. 

The report cites the case of a “Red” pilot flying an F-5, simulating 
a Soviet MiG fighter, on an occasion in the mid 1970s-possibly 1976 
or 1977-when there was cloud cover. He decided to drop below 
the clouds and take a quick look before returning to Nellis Air Force 
Base, only to be chased out of the area by what he described as UFOs, 
which seemed to have come up from below to meet him. On his return 
to Nellis, the pilot was met by an Air Force officer who took him 
away for a debriefing. The following day, the pilot reportedly acted 
as if the incident had never occurred. 

Wendelle Stevens relates a similar story of an unnamed Air Force 
officer of a Tactical Air Command combat squadron, who in 1977 
had been assigned to a Red Flag exercise and sent on a “strike” mission 
against the “enemy” airfield (Tonopah Test Range). The pilot headed 
out on a course designed to confuse the “enemy” radar, and decided 
to bend the rules by giving himself an advantage, cutting across the 
forbidden Atomic Energy Commission reservation area to make his 
approach to the “enemy” airfield from an unexpected direction. 

As the pilot entered the reservation area from what he considered 
to be below radar scanning levels, cutting across north of Area 51, he 
observed a disc-shaped aircraft, about sixty feet in diameter, flying to 
the south of his position. A voice on the emergency channel almost 
immediately ordered him to abandon his mission and land at Nellis 
Air Force Base. 
Taxiing to the parking place, the plane was surrounded and the 
pilot met by uniformed and plainclothes personnel who escorted him 
to a security office in the bunker area. One of the civilian interrogators 
produced an FBI badge. The pilot was allegedly held for two days 
and questioned about everything he had seen. When he mentioned 
the flying disc, everything was done to persuade him that what he had 
in fact seen was merely a water tower. After signing a statement to 
this effect, the pilot was allowed to return to base. A few days later, 
the pilot was transferred to another squadron and warned not to 
discuss the incident. Later that year, however, he told his father, from 
whom Stevens obtained the story. 15 

FURTHER REPORTS 

Many other strange occurrences have been reported in 
the Nevada Test Site. The January 1986 report cites a claim by Colonel 
“L”, who in 1970 was involved with setting up seismic instrumentation
in connection with underground nuclear tests west of Area 51. 
The assignment included placing seismometers in an old mine 
shaft. The security guard who accompanied “L” warned him to be 
out of the area by ten o’clock because, he said, unusual things had 
happened and a number of guards and technicians had simply “disappeared”. 
On this particular night, a technician who did not return 
until sunrise the following day reported that at about eleven o’clock, 
the lights and engine of his vehicle failed, and he was unable to drive 
back until two in the morning. 

During preparations for the next nuclear test, in a different location 
about thirty miles from the boundary of Area 51, “L” was told by 
another security guard that UFO activity occurred in the area “almost 
nightly”, mostly between ten and twelve o’clock, and there had been 
several occasions when guards had simply disappeared during those 
hours. 

According to “L”, a guard-who after seven years was no longer 
able to take the strain of working under such conditions-applied for 
a job in his unit, but discovered that all his employment records had 
vanished from official files. He had been working for “L” on unclassified
material while waiting for clearance for the job he had applied 
for, but clearance was refused, according to the Defense Investigative 
Service, owing to an unaccountable seven-year gap in his life. Shortly 
afterward, the guard disappeared without trace. 

Steinman and Stevens cite the case of a Navajo Indian who on an 
unspecified date in 1978, in a remote canyon area close to the nuclear 
test site, encountered a large military helicopter which at intervals 
broadcast warnings to those who might be in the vicinity that they 
should make their presence known, since a dangerous military test 
was about to take place. The witness decided to remain where he was, 
and sheltered among the rocks. The helicopter flew off, but returned 
fifteen minutes later, repeating the warning. 

Half an hour later, two helicopters came into view, apparendy escorting
a large, dark-gray disc-shaped aircraft. “It was smooth-skinned, 
metallic, and circular in form, with a raised dome on top, and flew 
steadily in the formation,” Stevens was told. All three aircraft then 
flew out of sight. 

About ten minutes later, the two helicopters returned, without 
the disc, and eventually flew back the way they had come. Suddenly, 
the disc reappeared, flying at great speed down the middle of the 
canyon, apparendy following the same track as on the “outbound” 
flight. 

Later, the Indian related his experience to the tribal elders, who 
cautioned him to remain silent about it, and then to Mitchell Uribe 
(Stevens’s informant), who had been recording a list of similar sightings
reported by the tribe. 16 

There have also been reports of animal mutilations in the vicinity. 
Former State Senator Charles Lamm has lost two prize bulls to the 
mystery mutilators, according to a 1989 television report. “Like many 
ranchers, he is self-reliant and didn’t bother to file police reports,” the 
journalist commented. “His Lincoln County ranch sits adjacent to 
the Nevada Test Site, so he’s seen his share of unusual things over the 
years. But he hasn’t got a clue about who is carving up cattle. Lamm 
has several neighbors who have also lost cattle. Most of these weren’t 
reported either.” 

One of the Nevada mutilations occurred just yards from the home 
of Jane Bradshaw. She saw nothing, and surmised that “devil wor- 
shippers with dart guns” were responsible. ”We cut down into the 
animal,” an expert said. “The ball joint was completely gone off the 
shoulder, and just a perfect flat cut inside-no bone chips. I don’t 
know how it was cut.”17 

THE GROOM MOUNTAIN RANGE 

In early 1984, the United States Air Force illegally 
seized eighty-nine thousand acres of public land, known as the Groom 
Range, in order to further restrict access to Area 51. The decision to 
control access was made after consultation with local Bureau of Land 
Management officials and after USAF Headquarters had conferred 
with the Air Force Secretariat. Following the seizure, briefings were 
arranged for the appropriate personnel in the offices of the secretary 
of the Air Force and the secretary of defense, as well as for members 
of the National Security Council. 

In August 1984, during a hearing before the House Subcommittee 
on Lands and National Parks in the House of Representatives, a heated 
exchange took place between the chairman, John F. Seiberling, and 
John Rittenhouse, representing the Air Force: 

Seiberling: Is it true that the Air Force has already acted to 
restrict public use of the Groom Range area? 

Rittenhouse: Yes, sir, it is true. We have asserted the right to 
control the surface access and egress to the extent of 
requesting people not to go in and out. We have 
people posted on the roads and at certain times we 
do not. We ask their cooperation. 

Seiberling: Under what legal authority was that done; that right 
asserted? 

Rittenhouse:As far as I know, sir, there is none; except decisions 
were made at a much, much higher level than mine 
that that be done. 

Seiberling: There is no higher level than the laws of the United 
States. 

Rittenhouse: No, sir. I understand, and we can describe that further
if you would like, sir. 

Seiberling: I would like. 

Rittenhouse:In closed briefing. 

Seiberling: Why would that have to be in a closed briefing? 

Rittenhouse: I can’t discuss it, sir. 

Seiberling: Shades of Watergate. All I am asking you is under 
what legal authority this was done. I am not asking 
you the technical reasons. That certainly is not 
classified. 

Rittenhouse: As I stated earlier, originally we had no legal authority
but we asserted the right to request people 
not to enter that area. 

Seiberling: Now? 

Rittenhouse: We legally did not have the authority.18 

Outraged local residents gave vent to their feelings during a public 
hearing at Alamo, Nevada, in November 1985. “If the public safety 
and the national security would be jeopardized,” asked a Mr. Benezet, 
“why did the Air Force not tell us so in 1981 when they withdrew 
the Nevada Test Site?” 

“I’d like to know how the military can hide behind the guise of 
national security,” another resident objected to the Air Force spokesman
, “when you have broken all of the rules that’s [sic] supposed to 
ensure this country’s freedom, denying our access, holding us at gunpoint
when you feel necessary, not telling people you’re withdrawing 
it for our own good. ... You can’t tell me why you’ve broken all the 
rules? And you say it’s national security.”19 

ADVANCED AIRCRAFT 

Security surrounding Groom Lake is formidable. The 
area is protected by motion detectors, laser sensors, and highly mobile 
security personnel reputedly recruited from the Green Berets, Navy 
SEALs, and police agencies, trained by the elite Delta Force. I have 
been told by an informed source that even civil aircraft overflying the 
area can be shot down if warnings are not heeded. But is this just 
to protect the airspace where top-secret aircraft are flown-such 
as the Shadow (a disc-shaped, 6-foot-diameter, ducted fan-powered, 
300-m.p.h. unmanned aerial vehicle 20); stealth aircraft (including the 
Northrop TR-3A Black Manta 21; and the hypersonic spy plane possibly 
code-named Aurora)-thus ensuring that sightings of such aircraft, 
either on the ground or in the air, are kept to a minimum? 

In October 1990, Aviation Week & Space Technology reported on a 
number of reliable observations of unconventional aircraft in Nevada 
and California, including a triangular-shaped, quiet aircraft seen with 
a flight of F-117 planes (believed to be a demonstrator or prototype 
of the now-scrapped A-12 Avenger, or possibly, in my opinion, the 
TR-3A Black Manta), as well as a high-speed aircraft that makes a 
loud, rumbling roar, leaving a thick-segmented contrail or smoke in 
its wake (almost certainly the Aurora project spy plane, which has 
superseded the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird 22). 

Certainly, these activities require maximum secrecy, but I am convinced
that the existence of other even less conventional aircraft is 
another reason for the high level of security. Of particular relevance 
here is Aviation Week's commentary on reports of unusual aeroforms, 
including “a high-altitude aircraft that crosses the night sky at extremely
 high speed. Normally, no engine noise or sonic boom is heard. 
The vehicle typically is observed as a single, bright light-sometimes 
pulsating-flying at speeds far exceeding any other aircraft in the area, 
and at an altitude estimated to be above 50,000 feet. Such aircraft 
have been reported by both ground-based and airborne observers. . . .” 
These types of “black” aircraft appear to employ relatively conventional
 propulsion systems, although more advanced than those available
 to the “white” world, Aviation Week commented, but added 
significantly that “there is substantial evidence that another family of craft 
exists that relies solely on exotic propulsion and aerodynamic schemes not 
fully understood at this time. Data pertaining to this type of vehicle are 
being studied by Aviation Week and several consultants.”23 [Emphasis 
added] 

Researcher William Hamilton III contacted the writer of the article, 
Bill Scott, who has a background as a flight test engineer and is a 
graduate of the United States Air Force Test Pilot School. Scott admitted
 that the “exotic propulsion” system he referred to could be an 
antigravity unit, and mentioned that he had heard of these crafts ability 
to move from extremely low speeds (fifteen to twenty miles per hour) 
to supersonic speeds.24 

According to Mark Barnes, who works at the Federal Aviation 
Administration’s long-range radar station at Angel Peak, strange radar 
echoes have occasionally been picked up over the Groom Mountain 
area, indicating the presence of an object hovering for periods of up 
to fifteen minutes. “It mostly stays put,” said Barnes in 1990. “It 
doesn’t move in range or azimuth very much and uses a stationary 
code that we normally use for a test function.”25 

BREAKTHROUGH ? 

In March 1989, a physicist who claims to have been employed
 at a test site near Groom Lake revealed on a Las Vegas TV 
interview that not only had the United States Government test-flown 
highly advanced disc-shaped aircraft, but that he himself had been 
involved in the research program. Given the pseudonym of “Dennis,” 
the scientist, with his face darkened, spoke guardedly about his involvement
 in the super-secret project. 

“Exacdy what’s going on up there?” he was asked by interviewer 
George Knapp. 

“Well, there’s several-actually nine, er, flying saucers-flying 
discs-that are out there that are of extraterrestrial origin,” the scientist 
replied. “They’re basically being dismantled. Some are, well, in various 
stages of completion, built from other parts, and they’re being test- 
flown, and basically just being analyzed. Some of them are 100 percent 
intact and operate perfectly. The other ones are being taken apart. I 
was involved mainly in propulsion and the power source. ... As far 
as I can remember, about half of them do operate, and the other half 
are just being torn down, basically to analyze the components.” 

‘Where did we get these saucers? How did they come into the 
hands of the government?” asked the interviewer. 

“I haven’t the slightest idea, and you have to understand that the 
information is very compartmentalized, and I was only allowed information
that pertained to what I was involved in.” 

“But I mean, couldn’t our government have made them, as opposed 
to getting them from some alien beings?” asked Knapp. 

“Totally impossible,” replied Dennis. “The propulsion system is a 
gravity propulsion system; the power source is an antimatter reactor. 
This technology does not exist at all. In fact, one of the reasons that 
I’m coming forward with this information [is that] it’s not only a 
crime against the American people, it’s a crime against the scientific 
community, which I’ve been part of for some time, actively trying to 
duplicate these systems. Yet, they are in existence now and basically 
in the hands of the government.” 

‘What would happen to you if the government learned that you 
were giving us this information?” 

“Anything could happen. I don’t know. ...” 
‘Well, you referred to getting into trouble. Have you had some 
repercussions already?” 

“Yeah. I’ve been threatened with being charged with espionage, I’ve 
had my life threatened by them, my wife’s life threatened by them, 
and-I mean, I don’t know where else you can go from there.” 

“Will the government ever tell us about the testing, and do the 
Soviets know about this?” 

“The Soviets were involved at some specific point,” Dennis contin- 
ued. “They were kicked out of the program rather abruptly-in the 
middle. I don’t know why that was, or what happened. They’re not 
very happy about it, and as far as them revealing it, I’m sure that they 
have every intention of claiming that all the technology was developed 
here [on Earth], which it was absolutely not.” 

“If the Soviets were kicked out of this testing program, why 
wouldn’t they tell us about it?” 

“I have no idea. They weren’t allowed all the information. Apparently, 
they had some, and we were basically trading with them. As far 
as whether they have discs or not, I don’t know. I don’t even know 
if they had knowledge that we actually had any there, but they were 
involved to some extent, and I don’t know how much.”26 

“What about aliens? Any of those up there at Groom Lake?” 
“Er, I really want to steer away from that right now.” 

“Is the ‘Star Wars’ program in any way related to what’s going on 
up there? I know some believe that maybe we’re building Star Wars 
for something other than the Soviets.” 

“This directly taps out of the Star Wars budget, which is very hard 
to follow, because it requires huge amounts of money,” the scientist 
replied. “It also taps out of a lot of other places, too, that would be 
very hard to track down. But yes, Star Wars is directly related to it. 
The United States Navy is the part of the government that really 
maintains control over this.”27 

Thus ended the preliminary interview with “Dennis,” who later 
revealed his real name. Is his story a simple hoax or a fantasy-or a 
mixture of factual and false information, as part of an elaborate in- 
doctrination program? In another series of interviews in 1989, and 
with me in 1990, Robert Scott Lazar elaborated on his alleged involvement
at the world’s most secret test site in the remote Nevada 
desert. 



PHOTO GALLERY

The Laguna Cartagena area, Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico, where many strange events are reported to have 
occurred, including the disappearance of United States aircraft. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 

July 23, 1989, 
Wayan, Idaho. 
Rancher Steve 
Somsen with a mutilated
cow, from 
which the teats and 
part of the jaw had 
been excised with 
immaculate 
precision. 
COPYRIGHT © ELLEN 
CARNEY/IDAHO STATE 
JOURNAL 

July 17, 1989, Maple Valley, 
Washington. Six-year-old pregnant 
cow owned by Bill Veenhuizen, with 
oval excision of mouth and jaw tissue, 
teeth, tongue, vagina, and rectum. 
COPYRIGHT © WILLIAM VEENHUIZEN 

Excision of rectum and vaginal tissue 
from Bill Veenhuizen's cow. 
COPYRIGHT © WILLIAM VEENHUIZEN 

November 27, 
1989, Red Cloud, 
Nebraska. 
Excision across 
cow abdomen and 
removal of belly 
hide, udder, 
vagina, rectum, 
and internal 
organs. 
COPYRIGHT © RON BARTELS 

Sergeant Melvin "Brownie" Brown {left) on retirement from the United States Air Force, at RAF/USAF 
Chicksands Priory in 1964. Brown claimed to have been involved in an operation involving the recovery of 
alien bodies in the New Mexico desert in July 1947. 
COURTESY UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 

Colonel William 
Coleman, who chased a 
UFO at low level above 
Alabama in 1955, flying 
in a B-25 Mitchell 
medium bomber. Years 
later, when Coleman 
worked with the United 
States Air Force's Project 
Blue Book, he was 
unable to obtain the file 
on his report, and now 
admits that UFO reports 
affecting national 
security were not filed 
with Blue Book. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 

Colonel Coleman's sketch of the side view of the UFO. 
COPYRIGHT © WILLIAM COLEMAN 


A 1968 satellite photo of Groom Dry Lake/Area 51, Nevada. S-4, where Robert Lazar worked, is located 
about ten miles south of this position, close to Papoose Dry Lake. 
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, EROS DATA CENTER 

Dr. Edward Teller, "the father 
of the hydrogen bomb," 
responding in a private interview 
in 1990 to questions regarding 
his alleged recommendation of 
Robert Lazar for a job with the 
ultra-secret extraterrestrial 
research project 
at S-4. 

Sketch by Lazar of the craft he claims to have worked on at S-4. KLAS-TV 

Artist’s impression of part of the alleged S-4 facility near Papoose Dry Lake, Nevada. 
TANIA LONG, BASED ON A SKETCH PROVIDED BY TRI-DOT PRODUCTIONS 

A Boeing 737-200 belonging to EG&G, parked at McCarran Airport (1990), one of several such aircraft 
that are used to fly employees to Groom Lake. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 


Robert Lazar, the nuclear physicist 
who claims to have been employed by 
Naval Intelligence to conduct research 
into the propulsion system of an 
extraterrestrial spacecraft at the ultra- 
secret area in the remote Nevada 
desert known as S-4. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 

Lazar in a private interview with 
George Knapp of KLAS-TV, Las 
Vegas, in 1989. 
KLAS-TV 

A frame from the 8mm movie film taken on February 26, 1965, by George Adamski, in the presence of 
Madeleine Rodeffer and other witnesses, at Silver Spring, Maryland. The film provides confirmation for 
Robert Lazar's claim that some extraterrestrial craft use a gravity propulsion system that distorts the space 
around it. Distortion is apparent at the right side of the vehicle, and is even more apparent in certain 
other frames. The film has been authenticated by William Sherwood, a former Kodak optical physicist, 
who has calculated that the craft is about twenty-seven feet in diameter. 
COPYRIGHT © MADELEINE RODEFFER 

A rare photo of part of the Groom Lake/Area 51 complex, looking west, taken in 1978. In the 
enlargement below, a Soviet-built MiG-21 of the USAF's secret 4477th Test & Evaluation Squadron 
can just be seen, parked outside the central hangar at the north end of the facility. 
COPYRIGHT © JOHN LEAR 

Enlargement of a photograph taken on Wednesday, February 28, 1990, at approximately 9:00 P.M., by 
Gary Schultz, in the presence of his wife, at the "mail box road," 29^ mile marker, Highway 375, Tikaboo 
Valley, Lincoln County, Nevada. Schultz is convinced that the aerial object is a "human piloted alien craft" 
on a test flight from S-4. 
COPYRIGHT ©1990 GARY SCHULTZ 

The Edgerton, Germeshausen and Grier (EG&G) building at McCarran International Airport, Las 
Vegas, where Robert Lazar was interviewed for the job at S-4. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 

Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, the former director of the National Security Agency 
and Naval Intelligence, from whom Bob Oechsler obtained guidance on the acquisition
 of sensitive information relating to extraterrestrial craft in possession of the 
United States Government. 
COPYRIGHT © ASSOCIATED PRESS/TOPHAM 

Robert Oechsler, the former 
NASA engineer whose contacts 
with the United States intelligence
 community and the 
Cosmic Journey project have led 
to a wealth of sensational 
information. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 

The National Security Agency's supercomputer facility for the Institute for Defense Analysis at the 
University of Maryland Science and Technology Center, where Bob Oechsler met Admiral Inman during 
the ground-breaking ceremony in May 1988. 
COPYRIGHT © TIMOTHY GOOD 


=======================================================================
ALIEN TECHNOLOGY? 

Bob Lazar was introduced to me in las vegas in march 
1990 by John Lear, who had met him in 1988 through his friend 
Gene Huff, a real-estate appraiser. I found Bob to be a soft-spoken, 
unassuming young man, who over a period of several days answered 
my questions patiently and politely. 

I first queried him on how he came to be interviewed for the alleged 
job at the test site known as S-4, south of Groom Lake. The two 
interviews had taken place at the EG&G (Edgerton, Germeshausen 
and Grier) administrative headquarters at McCarran Airport, Las 
Vegas, in late 1988. “I had sent resumes to several places, and they 
returned my call and set up an interview. But it wasn’t with EG&G,” 
Bob explained, “it was just at the building.” 

EG&G is a huge company employing more than thirty thousand 
personnel at over one hundred fifty establishments worldwide. For 
the United States Government, EG&G manages many vital programs 
for NASA, the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense, 
and many other agencies. The company developed a strong relationship
 with the Atomic Energy Commission (now DOE) and continues 
to conduct top-secret research at the frontiers of physics. EG&G’s 
Special Projects Division, now based at Nellis Air Force Base, provides 
field and laboratory support to Department of Defense agencies on 
“programs of a sensitive nature,” and most of its technical support 
work is conducted at the Nevada Test Site.1 

John Lear, as mentioned in Chapter 1, has flown over one hundred 
sixty types of aircraft, and at one time flew missions for the CIA. He 
has become a well-known figure in Las Vegas, particularly when he 
began giving a series of lectures which dealt with the more sensational 
aspects of the subject, occasionally making rather extreme statements. 
Even so, I know that he has cultivated a number of legitimate sources 
of information in the military and intelligence communities. Since he 
had acquired a considerable amount of information about Area 51, 
and had met Lazar prior to the interview at EG&G, it occurred to 
me that the S-4 story might have been “set up.” The fact that the two 
knew each other gives rise to a number of suspicions. Surely, for 
example, the relationship would have caused concern to Lazar’s employers? 
I put this to Bob. 

“In fact, that’s what I told John,” he replied. Interestingly, the name 
of John Lear was immediately brought up at the first interview. 

“The first question, the day when I went out to EG&G for my first 
interview, was, ‘What is your relationship with John Lear?’ Thinking 
that that was going to be a problem right away, my answer was, ‘John 
is just an acquaintance.’ And he was. I had met him through Gene 
Huff. I said that he’s a guy who sticks his nose in places where it 
doesn’t belong. And that was the last time they ever asked about him 
or said anything about him at all. At that time, John was just showing 
me pictures of stealth and SR-71 planes.” 

Lazar made it clear that he does not subscribe to John’s views, insofar 
as the “big picture” is concerned. “I didn’t buy any of this stuff before 
I got into the program,” he assured me. “In fact, John was giving a 
speech on UFOs and a friend wanted me to go. I just laughed and I 
told him what a waste of time it was.” 

Bill Moore claims, however, that the first time anyone outside of a 
very small circle had ever heard of S-4 was when he mentioned the 
existence of an “S/FOUR” to John Lear sometime around the end of 
1987 or beginning of 1988, and that John then added an “S-4” to 
his large map of the area and began telling others-presumably including
 Lazar and Huff-about it, and that when Lazar first spoke 
about his experiences, he referred to an “S-4,” and not “S/FOUR,” 
which Moore believes to be the correct appellation. Bill’s interpretation 
is that Lazar subsequently concocted his story after hearing about 
S-4.2 But alternative interpretations should be considered. For example
, according to a few independent sources, there are two (or 
possibly three) S-4 test sites in the Nevada ranges, perhaps one being 
S/FOUR and another S-4 (or S4). (Bob told me that one S-4 is a 
reactor in the nuclear test site proper.) 

I asked Gene Huff to comment on Bill Moore’s allegation. “That’s 
untrue,” he insisted. “I was there the first day and the second day 
when John met Bob. John did not know what S-4 was; he didn’t 
mention it, he didn’t act like he knew what it was, and it was not on 
his map-that was only after Bob told him. Now, if Bill Moore did 
say that to John, he either didn’t hear it or forgot it.”3 

THE LOS ALAMOS CONNECTION 

The roots of Lazar’s alleged employment at S-4 go back 
to 1982, when he worked at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, 
conducting experiments with the Meson Facility’s medium-energy linear
 particle accelerator, concentrating on polarized proton-scattering 
experiments. He was also employed in the Weapons Division, where 
his work centered on high-energy particle beam accelerators for use 
in space, in connection with the Strategic Defense Initiative-SDI, 
or “Star Wars.” 

Following Lazar’s disclosures on local television and radio, the Los 
Alamos National Laboratory repeatedly denied that he had ever been 
employed there. When proof of employment, in the form of Lazar’s 
entry in the internal phone book, was presented to the laboratory by 
TV journalist George Knapp, an exasperated official grudgingly conceded
 that Lazar had in fact worked there on “nonsensitive” projects. 
But Knapp told me that he has spoken with a number of Lazar’s 
former associates who confirm his involvement in top-secret SDI work. 
On June 28, 1982, Lazar met Dr. Edward Teller, the “father of the 
hydrogen bomb,” during a seminar that Teller was giving at the Los 
Alamos National Laboratory. “I had built a jet car, and they put it in 
the local newspaper on the front page,” Lazar related to Knapp. “And 
as I walked up to the lecture hall, I noticed Teller was outside sitting 
on a brick wall reading the front page. And I said, ‘Hi, I’m the one 
that you’re reading about there,’ and he said. That’s really interesting.’ 
And I sat down and had a little talk with him.” The meeting turned 
out to be fortuitous, since Teller was one of those to whom Lazar 
sent his resume in 1988, at which time Teller gave Lazar the name of 
someone to contact, and this led to the interviews at EG&G. 

Confronted by a television reporter, Dr. Teller denied knowledge 
of Lazar and Area 51/S-4. “Look, I don’t know Bob Lazar,” he responded
, but added, perhaps ambiguously: “All this sounds fine. I 
probably met him. I might have said to somebody that I met him and 
I liked him, after I met him, and if I liked him. But I don’t remember 
him ... I mean, you are trying to force questions on me that I simply 
won’t answer.”4 

MAJESTIC CLEARANCE? 

At the first interview, Lazar was told that he was over- 
qualified for the job they had in mind and would quickly get bored 
with it, but that they might have something in the near future that 
would really interest him. 

“They continued questioning me, mainly on my interests outside 
of work,” Lazar told George Knapp. “They seemed to be really concerned
about that. They said, ‘You work on little projects?’ and I said, 
‘Yeah, I have a particle accelerator in my master bedroom, and things 
of that sort.’ That’s what really impressed them. And some time went 
by and they called me back in. There was a senior staff physicist who 
was leaving this organization, and they basically interviewed me for 
that job. They didn’t mention anything about flying saucers; they 
didn’t mention anything specific as far as what was going on. We got 
on to a discussion of gravitation and things of that sort, and they kind 
of looked at each other and said, ‘You’d be interested in this.’ And I 
had a feeling that it had to do with some kind of field propulsion 
system, or just a very secret project that would be out in the middle 
of the desert.” 

Lazar explained to me that as soon as the interviews began, his Top 
Secret “Q” clearance (normally issued by the Department of Energy 
or the Nuclear Regulatory Commission), which had been deactivated 
when he left Los Alamos, was reactivated, and a more intensive investigation
 (known as a Special Background Investigation-or SBI) 
ensued. “It’s a more in-depth, personal look at your background and 
your life,” he said. “The clearance, as far as any ties to any adversary 
of the United States or any strange things in your background, is 
already done on ‘Q’ clearance. The rest is trying to determine whether 
or not you’re a stable and sane person. And one of the reasons I didn’t 
get my final clearance was disruptions in my family life.” 

Lazar claims that he was eventually given a security clearance “thirty- 
eight levels” above “Q” clearance, a claim which is disputed by Mike 
Majowicz of the Defense Investigative Service, who is reported as 
stating that there are no security levels above “Q.”5 Bob himself was 
under the impression that “Q” was the highest civilian clearance. 
“That’s what I was told, and that’s what I’d always believed,” he told 
George Knapp. However, “above” Top Secret levels-or “compartments”-
do indeed exist within the intelligence community, in order 
to restrict particularly sensitive information to those with a “need to 
know,” for which “special access” is required. Compartmentalization 
was introduced during World War II, and the system is now referred 
to as SCI-“Sensitive Compartmented Information.” As former CIA 
director Admiral Stansfield Turner explains: “An individual is allowed 
to know only those details of a secret operation with which he must 
deal directly. Others know only their portions. In this way, if there is 
a leak or a defection, the chance of an entire operation being exposed 
is reduced. . . . Only a few people at the top will know all parts of the 
operation.”6 According to the writer William Burrows, more than 
thirty SCI categories existed within the American intelligence community
by 1986.7 

In spite of his lack of final clearance, Lazar began work at S-4, and 
claims he was given a white security badge with a light-blue and dark- 
blue diagonal stripe on the top left corner and MAJ-for “Majestic”- 
printed sideways down the right side. This seems too good to be true, 
especially since Majestic clearance had been exposed with the publication
of Above Top Secret in 1987. Although Bob admitted to me that 
this could have been some kind of an inside joke, he is insistent that 
everyone at the site wore badges with MAJ displayed, with the exception
of his supervisor, Dennis Mariani (hence Lazar’s “Dennis” pseu- 
donym), whose badge had MAJESTIC on top. Below Bob’s photo 
appeared the Department of Energy contract number, “E-6722MAJ”; 
“U.S. Department of Naval Intelligence”; and along the bottom edge, 
“S4” and other area/project codes, with a star-punch through S4. 

Whatever the truth about the security badge, most of these claims 
are apparently substantiated on Lazar’s W-2 Wage and Tax Statement 
for 1989 (see Chapter 9, Figure 9.1), which also shows that he was 
employed by the United States Department of Naval Intelligence (normally
referred to as the Office of Naval Intelligence), as will be discussed
in the following chapter. 

Lazar states that even the President of the United States does not 
possess Majestic clearance. “The President doesn’t have the highest 
clearance in the United States,” he explained to George Knapp. 
“There’s no reason for him to know everything. Certainly, the President
 has clearance high enough to know about specific things that 
many people don’t. . . . Those who are involved with this project, of 
course, don’t have a clearance to know what the President knows; 
everything’s compartmentalized all the way up to the President.” Lazar 
nonetheless believes that George Bush, as a former director of Central 
Intelligence (and therefore head of the entire American intelligence 
community), does in fact have a lot of knowledge of the project 
at S-4. 

“Do you get the feeling that this is a government project, or is it a 
‘Cabal’ within the government?” Knapp asked. 

“It’s not an overall government project. It’s not something that 
Congress appropriates money for-say two billion for this, fifteen 
billion for flying saucers, eight billion for Star Wars. It doesn’t go like 
that. I don’t believe [Congress] has any knowledge of it at all. And I 
believe that, from what I understand, this project, because of its potential
magnitude, was given executive power in the late 1940s, and 
in itself they could appoint, seal off information, or whatever was 
necessary, and that’s how it kind of ran on a parallel road by itself.” 
“Do you believe perhaps that some of the money for this comes 
out of the Star Wars budget?” 

“Yes, that’s my own personal belief.” 

“Based on anything at all?” 

“Oh, little hints here and there, but nothing that I can document 
and say, look, this is absolutely true.” 

“But you also believe that to be true because of your experience 
with Star Wars?” 

“Right. Which is classified, and should remain that way.” 


S-4 

There was no set routine for Lazar’s job at S-4, and in 
total, he spent no more than six or seven days there between December 
1988 and April 1989. He would be called by phone and told when 
to go to McCarran Airport, where a Boeing 737 (probably a 737- 
200 belonging to EG&G) would fly him and others to Groom Lake. 
From there, after waiting briefly in a cafeteria, a bus with blocked- 
out windows drove the remainder of the journey along a dirt road to 
an area estimated to be ten to fifteen miles south of Groom Lake, 
adjacent to Papoose Lake. 

On first arriving, Lazar was impressed by the extraordinary hangars 
at the site, which were built into the base of the Papoose Mountain 
Range, with doors sloped at an approximately 60-degree angle and 
covered with textured paint that looked like sand. “It’s made to look 
like the side of the mountain that it’s in, possibly to disguise it from 
satellite photos,” he said in 1989. “The hangars are all connected 
together and there are large bay doors between each one.” The whole 
scene reminded him of a James Bond movie set. 


Fig - 8. 1 
Map showing location of the Nuclear Test Site and Nellis Air Force Range 
(above) and the Nellis AFB Military Operations Area (below). The S-4 facility is 
allegedly located at Papoose Lake. (Tania Long, based on a graphic by Teresa 
Ligon) 

Lazar saw only this part of S-4 for the duration of his employment, 
and was escorted at all times by his supervisor and a security guard. 
“The installation takes up a whole range of mountain,” he explained 
to me, “and I’m allowed into a little office area here, and all I know 
is the corridor that connects it.” 

About twenty-two scientists worked at S-4, but the number of 
security personnel was over three times that amount, Lazar told me. 
Security was formidable, and various methods of intimidation were 
used to ensure that there were no violations. Bob also believes that 
his memory was affected by the use of drugs and hypnosis. Even 
conversations were forbidden, except with the supervisor. On one 
occasion, a gun was pointed at him and someone slammed a finger 
into his chest, screaming into his ear at close range. “It’s really not a 
good place to work,” he commented dryly. 

“When did they start to use this form of psychological conditioning?” I asked. 

“Oh, as soon as my security briefings started. But you’ll hear that 
from people in much less secure positions. They’ll take someone in 
camouflage to stand in front of you, an inch in front of your nose, 
and yell at you as loud as they possibly can, and intimidate you.” 

Lazar was taken into an office beside his assigned hangar and given 
about a hundred and twenty briefing papers to read. The papers, in 
blue folders, covered many aspects of the UFO subject and supposedly 
contained a lot of astonishing information, which he pored over during 
his visits, trying to remember as much as he could. Owing to com- 
partmentalization, he did not learn everything, and doubts that anyone 
there was aware of the complete picture. “They don’t brief you on 
every aspect of what’s going on, though they do give you a rough 
idea. But specifically, I had to deal with propulsion and the physics 
of the intricate little workings of what was going on.” 

Lazar learned that the United States had acquired a number of 
extraterrestrial spacecraft, although in what circumstances was not 
explained. He also claims to have seen autopsy reports as well as black- 
and-white photographs of alien bodies (the typical “grays,” weighing 
twenty-five to fifty pounds, with large, hairless heads), and photos of 
various organs (some cross-sectioned) spread on a table, with weights 
and densities listed. “I was completely shocked,” he told George 
Knapp. “I couldn’t believe it. But I was fascinated. . . .” 

The scientist believes that he was gradually being prepared for what 
was to follow: actual “hands-on” experience with one of the spacecraft, 
which first took place, he thinks, during his second visit to S-4. 

THE CRAFT 

Lazar had been puzzled by a number of posters displayed 
at the site, showing a photograph of a disc hovering about three feet 
above the dry lake at S-4, with “They’re Here!” written below. As it 
turned out, the craft depicted was the one he was to work on. 

“It was exciting. What else can you say?” Lazar remarked in 1989, 
commenting on his first sight of the craft. “Of course, I couldn’t say 
whether it was an alien device or just an interesting craft that we had 
been developing. So it was a little while before I ascertained that it 
was an extraterrestrial craft.” 

The disc was originally estimated to be thirty-five to forty feet in 
diameter and fifteen feet high, resting on the ground inside its hangar. 
No landing gear of any sort was visible (Figure 8.2). 

“I was told to walk by it and keep my eyes forward,” Bob told me. 
“And I slid my hand along it, and they yelled at me!” He did not 
know what the alloy was. “I’m not a metallurgist,” he told George 
Knapp. “It seemed brand new-if I know what a new flying saucer 
looks like!” 

The shape was similar to one of the craft shown in some of the 
dubious photographs taken by contactee Eduard (“Billy”) Meier in 
Switzerland,8 and Lazar refers to it as the “Sport Model,” owing to 
its sleek shape. “It’s a slim disc with ridges in it [not shown in the 
diagram], and bears an incredible resemblance to [Meier’s photo]. It’s 
like it’s pressed out of one piece of sheet metal. At the top there are 
some things that look like small portholes,” he reported in 1989. 

“Were they portholes or something else?” I asked. 
“Well, I don’t know. When you’re close to the disc you can’t see 
the top,” Bob replied. “It’s only either walking away from it and 
glancing back, or walking to it, that you can just see them before 
they’re covered up. [The disc] has got little ridges and those ridges 
will kind of eclipse those portholes. It could have just looked like it 
because they were black. I didn’t see through them so I really can’t 
say what they were. But there was certainly another level up there ... I 
always assume that was where the nerve center was, as far as the 
electronics, control, navigation, and whatever else might be in there. 
I was always interested to see what was up there, but I was never 
allowed, and I had no idea how to get up that high.” (He is now 
convinced that the “porthole” hypothesis is totally inadequate.) 

Fig. 8.2 
Diagram of the alleged craft at S-4, based on information provided by Robert 
Lazar. The central section of the craft houses the “antimatter reactor” (Fig. 
8.3), and the “gravity amplifiers” are located in the lower section. Measurements
are approximate, and the external structure is more accurately depicted 
in Lazar’s own sketch (see photo section). 
(© Mark Dickenson, for Tri-Dot Productions) 


Lazar was only allowed to go inside the craft on one occasion. “It 
was all the same color as the outside: I guess a dull aluminum finish 
is the best way I could describe it,” he reported in 1989. “There’s a 
central column that goes right up the center of the disc.9 The wall 
inside-the inner skin of the ship-has [sloped] archways in it, almost 
like Spanish-style homes, that go all the way round the wall. Whether 
that’s bracing or not, I don’t know. There were some components 
removed, like a console of some sort was taken off. There were just 
a few chairs and another console that was left inside, and the reactor.” 

“How did you enter the craft?” I asked. “Presumably there was a 
door or something?” 

“No, the door was removed, and there were no hinges that were 
obvious. When you’re entering a craft, you don’t look and see how 
the door was attached; it’s far more interesting what’s in front of you! 
[The edges] were layered, so maybe something could fit in there. And 
there were a couple of steps leading up to that that were not provided 
by the craft. And when you first walk in the craft, that opening extends 
beyond the first floor. In other words, if you were looking straight 
into the door, you would see the honeycomb, bottom level, which 
you could grab on the side and lift up, and that provides access down.” 
Lazar was puzzled by the internal structure, particularly the lack of 
any sharp edges-a feature reported by many contactees. “It was beyond
being rounded,” he explained to me, “it was like it was almost 
melted.” In an earlier interview, he elaborated: “It looked like it’s 
made of wax and heated for a time and then cooled off. Everything 
has a soft, round edge to it; there’s no abrupt changes in anything. 
It looked like everything was cast out of one piece.” 

Especially puzzling were the seats. “The chairs are only like a foot 
or foot and a half off the ground. It looked like it was made for little 
kids!” 

The hangar contained an overhead crane (rated at twenty thousand 
pounds), “typical tools,” and “extensive electronic equipment,” including
 a machine with an X-ray emblem on it. The equipment was 
marked with a black number “41” surrounded by a white circle, Lazar 
reported in 1991. 

Is it not more likely that the craft was manufactured here on Earth? 
Lazar is adamant on this point. “The disc that I saw close up was not 
made by the United States,” he said in 1989. “It was definitely extraterrestrial. 
I don’t know the exact history of them, but they’re certainly 
alien craft, produced by an alien intelligence with alien materials. We 
were trying to see if we could duplicate what was there, with earthbound
 material and technology. You start with a finished product and 
you try and find out how it was built.” The latter process is known 
as “reverse engineering.” 

According to some independent reports, the United States has already
 succeeded in duplicating alien technology. A friend of mine, 
Ron Banuk, for example, was driving to Minneapolis on the night of 
December 30, 1973, at the height of the second gas-rationing frenzy, 
when he heard an announcement on the radio that a recently retired 
Air Force general had stated that the United States Government had 
unlocked the secret of UFO propulsion and had duplicated it. “In 
vain did I search the newspapers on subsequent days to find a confirmation
, explanation, or retraction of that statement,” Ron told me. 
“The radio waves were also mute on the subject.”10 

Lazar says he was never told how the craft arrived at S-4. “I don’t 
know where we got it from or how long ago it was, or anything,” he 
pointed out in 1989. “I don’t know if they were flown here and given 
to us or if they were crashed and repaired. I don’t think they crashed. 
I only had a chance to work on one, and it was in perfect operating 
condition. I don’t know what the alloy was on the craft itself, but 
certainly we can manufacture something like that. [But] technical aspects
, power source, and things of that sort-those we can’t duplicate. 
And that’s what we’re most concerned with.” 

THE ANTIMATTER REACTOR 

Bob Lazar learned that the power source of the craft 
he worked on is allegedly an “antimatter reactor.” 

“There’s a [hollow] central column that goes right up the center of 
the disc that’s a wave guide: the gravity wave is channeled through 
there. The bottom of that connects to the antimatter reactor, [which 
is] a half of a sphere on the floor of the craft.” The central column or 
wave guide extends to the top of the craft and retracts upward to 
remove the reactor (Figure 8.3). 


Fig. 8.3 
The antimatter reactor. (Robert Lazar) 

The reactor itself is about the size of a basketball, Lazar claims. “It 
doesn’t get warm. It produces a bizarre field around it when I saw it 
operating,” he told George Knapp. “You can push on it; it’s almost 
like pushing together two magnets of like poles. Through some reaction
, it produces a gravity field that’s not completely understood, 
and one of the things they were teaching was the physics that connects 
all this together.” 

The fuel element is even more bizarre, Lazar explained in another 
interview. “On the periodic chart it would be 115 [the highest atomic 
number listed is 106]. It’s always been theorized that up around Element
 113 to 114, they become stable again. This is a stable element, 
and there are certain ‘magical’ combinations of protons and neutrons 
which make up the elements, and this is apparently what is being used. 
On bombardment with protons it kicks it up to Element 116 and then 
releases antimatter, and that’s reactive with matter in [what is] called 
an annihilation reaction. And it appears they have something like a 
100 percent efficient thermocouple of sorts that produces power, and 
some sort of standing gravitational wave that propagates up through 
the wave guide, and then they use that excess power to do whatever 
they need.” 

In this connection, it is worth mentioning that Dr. Olavo Fontes 
was informed by Brazilian naval intelligence officials in the late 1950s 
that research into the propulsion system of alien vehicles (six of which 
were alleged to have been recovered in various parts of the world by 
that time) had led to the discovery that the discs were propelled by 
an extremely powerful “rotating and oscillating high-voltage electromagnetic
 field,” producing “some type of gravity field not completely 
understood.” Our scientists could build such a craft, Dr. Fontes was 
told, “if they knew some method to change the energy released into 
a nuclear reactor directly into electrical power.”11 

In his 1991 video, Lazar goes into some details which may shed 
further light on the technology involved: 

Inside the reactor, Element 115 is bombarded with a proton 
which plugs into the nucleus of the 115 atom and becomes Element
 116, which immediately decays and releases, or radiates, 
small amounts of antimatter. The antimatter is released into a 
tuned tube which keeps it from reacting with the matter that surrounds
 it. It is then directed toward a gaseous matter target at 
the end of the tube. The matter and antimatter collide and annihilate
, totally converting to energy. The heat from this reaction is 
converted into electrical energy in a near 100 percent efficient 
thermoelectric generator. . . . 

The craft does not create an “antigravity” field, as some have sur- 
mised. “It’s a gravitational field that’s out of phase with the current 
one,” Lazar explained in a 1989 radio interview. “It’s the same gravitational
 wave. The phases vary from 180 degrees to zero ... in a 
longitudinal propagation.” Among the new scientific discoveries resulting
 from research, it was learned that the theorized zeta particle 
and the graviton do not exist. 

Element 115 does not exist on Earth and cannot be synthesized, 
Lazar states, because it is a “superheavy” element. “All indications are 
that it’s found naturally, and it seems that it would have to occur 
naturally, in a place where there would be a much larger star-maybe 
a binary star, in an area where there’s been a supernova-someplace 
where there’s been a sufficient energy release to synthesize such a heavy 
element. ... To go so high up the chart, it really can’t be produced 
artificially in any way I can see. To make even a lighter element, like 
103, takes a huge amount of money, and involves putting on a lighter 
element at the end of an accelerator and bombarding it with protons, 
trying to get them to plug into atoms, and you wind up with micro- 
grams of the substance after an incredibly long period of time.” 

The disc allegedly uses 223 grams of Element 115, and on one 
occasion, Bob told me, he tested a sample at his home. “We put it in 
a cloud chamber, which is used to track the paths of nuclear particles- 
alpha particles in particular-over the top of the 115, showing that 
its gravitational force would change the path of the particle. We got 
that and filmed it on video. I didn’t steal it from the site! That was 
not in fact even taken from S-4; it went through a different national 
lab that was actually machining the substance into a [triangular] configuration
 necessary to power the craft, and it was offered to me.” 

Five hundred pounds of Element 115 is alleged to be available for 
top-secret research. The material is orange and extremely heavy, Bob 
told me, and its melting point is 1,740 degrees Celsius. 

SPACE-TIME DISTORTION 

Manipulation of space and time is possible, Lazar maintains
, by virtue of the propulsion system. In the “Sport Model,” the 
lower compartment contains three “gravity amplifiers” or “genera- 
tors.” These are mobile and can be “focused” independently (in what 
is called the “Omicron” configuration), or collectively (“Delta” configuration
). The amplifiers are “pulsed” and do not stay on continuously. 
(For a description of the properties of gravity as they relate to 
the propulsion system, see The Lazar Tape.12) 

For the layman, Lazar offers the following simplified explanation 
of space-time travel: 

Assuming they're in space, they will focus the three gravity 
generators on the point they want to go to. Now, to give an 
analogy: If you take a thin rubber sheet, say, lay it on a table and 
put thumbtacks in each corner, then take a big stone and set it on 
one end of the rubber sheet and say that’s your spacecraft, you 
pick out a point that you want to go to-which could be anywhere
 on the rubber sheet-pinch that point with your fingers 
and pull it all the way up to the craft. That’s how it focuses and 
pulls that point to it. When you then shut off the gravity generator
 [s], the stone (or spacecraft) follows that stretched rubber back 
to its point. There’s no linear travel through space; it actually 
bends space and time and follows space as it retracts. 

In the first mode of travel-around the surface of a planet- 
they essentially balance on the gravitational field that the gravity 
generators put out, and they can ride a “wave,” like a cork does 
in the ocean. In that mode they’re very unstable and are affected 
by the weather. In the other mode of travel-where they can 
travel vast distances-they can’t really do that in a strong gravitational
 field like Earth, because to do that, first of all, they need to 
tilt on their side, usually out in space, then they can focus on the 
point they need to with the gravity generators and move on. 

If you can picture space as a fabric, and the speed of light is 
your limit, it’ll take you so long, even at the speed of light, to get 
from point A to point B. You can’t exceed it-not in this universe
anyway. Should there be other parallel universes, maybe the 
laws are different, but anyone that’s here has to abide by those 
rules. The fact is that gravity distorts time and space. Imagining 
that you’re in a spacecraft that can exert a tremendous gravitational
 field by itself, you could sit in any particular place, turn on 
the gravity generator, and actually warp space and time and 
“fold” it. By shutting that off, you’d click back and you’d be at a 
tremendous distance from where you were, but time wouldn’t 
even have moved, because you essentially shut it off. It’s so far- 
fetched. It’s difficult for people to grasp, and as stubborn as the 
scientific community is, they'll never buy it that this is in fact 
what happens. 

Although theoretical research is being conducted into various advanced
 propulsion concepts for space travel, including systems involving
 reduced gravity, antimatter-matter/antiproton annihilation, 
and even “space coupling propulsion”-which, according to M. G. 
Millis, could react with space-time itself to generate propulsive 
forces 13-none of these concepts (at least, officially) has been applied 
in practice and, with the exception of the latter, all involve, essentially, 
the expulsion of a reaction mass to induce motion-which is apparently
 not the case in alien propulsion systems. 

On his own admission, Lazar’s claims read like something out of 
Star Trek, but some scientists nevertheless believe that time travel into 
the past and instantaneous journeys by spaceships to distant parts of 
the universe may be feasible for a sufficiently advanced civilization. In 
1988, Dr. Michael Morris, together with professors Kip Thorne and 
Ulvi Yurtsever, speculated that “worm holes”-holes in the structure 
of space and time-exist at a submicroscopic level but could be “enlarged
” by an advanced technology as a means of traveling instanta- 
neously, bypassing the speed-of-light limit.14 

NASA physicist Alan Holt also believes firmly in the feasibility of 
“hyperspace” travel. He speculated in 1980 that with the frequency 
of UFO sightings and the different types of beings that have been 
observed, one must assume that a number of different civilizations are 
visiting us, but this makes no sense whatever unless the speed of light 
is exceeded. He has proposed several hypotheses for surmounting this 
problem. By artificially generating a certain electromagnetic pattern, 
for instance, a gravitational field could be generated that could nullify 
Earth’s own gravitational field. “You’d select an energy configuration 
that has a resonance with the location you wanted to go to, and travel 
through a type of hyperspace, or a higher dimensional space,” he 
stated. 

Asked if the shape of the spacecraft would be a determining factor, 
Holt made an interesting reply: “I think the shape of the spacecraft 
can be quite important. Elliptical or saucer-shaped would be the shapes 
I’d start out with. I hate to use those words because of the connotations
. But what you’re trying to do with the artificial energy pattern 
is overwhelm the natural mass energy pattern and exist in the material 
of the spacecraft itself. So a saucer is probably best. I don’t think it’s 
an accident that the UFO phenomena we see are, by and large, saucer- 
shaped.”15 

In his Field Resonance Propulsion Concept, published by NASA, Alan 
Holt further speculated on hypothetical UFO propulsion: 

If the speed of light is a true limit of velocity in space-time, 
then the potential extraterrestrial visitors must utilize a form of 
transportation which transcends space and time to keep the trip 
times short. UFOs are often observed to disappear instanta- 
neously. In a subset of these cases, the UFO later reappears at a 
nearby location, implying a disappearance from and a reappearance
 into space-time. 

The high-speed, right-angled turns, abrupt stops or accelera- 
tions of UFOs, and the absence of sonic booms despite calculated 
speeds of 22,000 m.p.h. or more, suggest that UFOs may generate
 an artificial gravitational field or otherwise use properties of 
space-time which we are not familiar with. UFO propulsion systems
 appear to involve electromagnetic or hydromagnetic processes
, as evidenced by radiative effects on the environment, such 
as burns, dehydration, stopping of automobile engines, TV and 
radio disruptions, melting or alteration of ground and road surfaces
, power disruptions, and static electricity effects. . . ,16 

According to Lazar, the propulsion system he worked on at S-4 
gives rise to certain peculiar effects, including invisibility of the craft. 

You can be looking straight up at it, and if the gravity generators
 are in the proper configuration you’d just see the sky above 
it-you won’t see the craft there. That’s how there can be a 
group of people and only some people can be right under it and 
see it. It just depends how the field is bent. It’s also the reason 
why the crafts appear as if they’re making 90-degree turns at some 
incredible speed; it’s just the time and space distortion that you’re 
seeing. You’re not seeing the actual event happening. 

In The Lazar Tape, Bob reports that during the time he spent inside 
the craft, and when it was “energized,” one of the inner archways in 
the center level became transparent, allowing him to see beyond it, 
almost as if a window had suddenly appeared. “After the panel had 
been transparent for a while, a form of writing, which was unlike any 
alphabetic, scientific, or mathematical symbols I’ve ever seen, began 
to appear on the transparent archway, and I was never informed as 
to how all this was achieved. ...” 

This description correlates with the claims of Daniel Fry and Travis 
Walton, who, while inside the craft, observed areas which were rendered
 temporarily translucent (Chapter 4). 

THE SUPERBOMB FACTOR 

Lazar is reluctant to release further details of the propulsion
system. “The entire concept I have no problem bringing forth, 
but the inner workings and details I still believe should remain classified,” 
he told George Knapp. “You have to understand that a lot of 
the reason these systems are being kept quiet is that everything is being 
looked at from a weapons point of view. I have no intention, and 
never have, of releasing precisely how everything works.” 

He suggests that possibly the main reason for maximum security is 
the potential for construction of a “superbomb,” as well as for an 
advanced propulsion system. With regard to the latter, his work at 
S-4 involved an attempt to duplicate the reactor, using terrestrial materials
, something which, he believes, is impossible. “They were trying 
to use a normal nuclear generator, fueled with plutonium, and that 
was really a futile attempt,” he said. (Perhaps the Snowbird project 
was one such attempt.) 

Antimatter is the most potent energy source known, Lazar says. 
“Just as a rough guesstimate, a kilogram of antimatter is equal in 
energy to forty-seven 10-megaton hydrogen bombs.” Element 115 is 
not antimatter itself, of course, but under certain nuclear reactions it 
becomes highly explosive. “Essentially, all you need to do is bombard 
it with protons, which is an easy device to make-something to accelerate
 protons. It would be extremely easy to make a very, very 
powerful bomb. You’re talking about hundreds of megatons off a 
small piece of it. It sounds incredible, but a total conversion of matter 
to energy does release that amount of power. So it’s not something 
that you’d want to [have] fall into someone’s hands.” 

Lazar believes that he was recruited to work as a staff physicist at 
S-4 in order to replace one of three scientists who lost their lives in 
a tragic experiment that had taken place at the Nevada Test Site in 
May 1987. “I guess they were proceeding along with tests on [an] 
antimatter reactor, and for some reason they decided to cut the reactor 
open while in operation,” he told me. “They brought this down to 
the nuclear test site and did it in a vertical tunnel, with the blast doors, 
because they thought there might be an explosion. Something went 
wrong and the thing just detonated, killing all three guys. From what 
I understand, it took out the first door, which rarely ever breaks, and 
vaporized a couple of hundred thousand dollars of equipment.” 

“So this is why you were brought in?” I asked. 
“That’s exactly what they said. And it was almost tongue-in-cheek, 
like, ‘Maybe you can find a little bit better way to investigate what’s 
going on here than cutting it in half with a chain-saw!’ ” 

TEST FLIGHT 

During the third visit to S-4, all the connecting bay 
doors inside the hangar were opened, allowing Lazar a distant view 
of nine apparently different types of craft (including the one he was 
familiar with). Like the “Sport Model,” he gave names to those which 
he was able to see clearly, such as the “Top Hat” and the “Jell-O 
Mold.” 

“You said in your initial interview that you thought about half of 
them were functional?” I reminded him. 

“Now, that’s a rough guess. You have to think of the great distance 
here that is involved, because those hangars are big and stretch out 
fairly far, and just at a quick glance it would really be tough to see 
what would operate and what wouldn’t. I’m just counting the one 
that kind of looked like a top hat, which had a large hole in the side. 
I’m assuming that that didn’t fly because it was in a nonfunctional 
condition. There was a four- or five-inch hole in the ‘brim’ of the ‘Top 
Hat,’ and the metal was bent upward like a projectile had gone through 
it. It is possible it could have been something else, but that’s what it 
looked like to me; like it was shot from underneath. That’s the only 
thing that ever put the seed in my mind that perhaps they weren’t all 
given to us, because that looks like a fairly offensive move-unless 
they just stood it up on its side to see how impenetrable the metal 
was and fired at it, or some other ridiculous test!” 

But the most spectacular experience for Lazar came when he allegedly
 witnessed an actual test flight of the Sport Model, as he described 
to George Knapp: 

It was just about dusk. I came out of the door that was outside 
the hangar, which led to a hallway, came out of there, and the 
disc was already outside. Whether they carted it out or flew it 
out, I don’t know. It was sitting on the ground. Right off to the 
side there was a guy with a scanner. The first thing I was told 
was to stand by him and not go anywhere else. And he was in 
communication with the disc. I said, “That’s strange: It looks like 
you’re on a normal frequency on a two hundred megahertz 
band,” and he said, “Yeah.” And I said, “Isn’t it encrypted or 
coded or something?” and he said, “No.” And that just surprised 
me and I said, “What a breach of security, because you could just 
stand outside the base and listen to what’s going on.” 

The disc sat out there for a period of time, then the bottom of 
it glowed blue and it began to hiss, like high voltage does on a 
round sphere. It’s my impression that the reason they’re round 
and have no sharp edges is to contain the voltage. ... It lifted off 
the ground, quietly, except for that little hiss in the background, 
and that stopped as soon as it reached about twenty or thirty feet. 
It shifted over to the left, shifted over to the right, and set back 
down. I mean, it doesn’t sound like much, but it was incredibly 
impressive, just-mind-boggling. It’s just magic! 

But who was on board? 
“I don’t know,” Bob told me. “I saw the radio set up when they 
were in communication with the craft, but I only heard instructions 
being given; I never heard anything come back, because I wasn’t there 
for a long enough amount of time.17 So I assume there were people 
in the craft.” 

“Sitting on those little seats?” I asked incredulously. 
“Or they could have been on the upper section of the craft. It was 
amazing enough to see it operate; you really didn’t care what was 
going on inside, just the fact that it was operating!” 

Lazar has elaborated on what he learned about, and to a limited 
extent witnessed of, the bizarre effects produced by the propulsion 
system: 

“If the crafts look like they’re flying at seven thousand miles per 
hour and they make a right-angled turn, it’s not necessarily what they’re 
doing. They can appear that way because of the gravitational distortion. 
I guess a good analogy is that you’re always looking at a mirage- 
[it’s only when] the craft is shut off and sitting on the ground, that’s 
what it looks like. Otherwise, you’re just looking at a tremendously 
distorted thing, and it will appear like it will be changing shape,18 
stopping or going, and it could be flying almost like an airplane, but 
it would never look that way to you.” 

“How close do you think you have to get before time distortion 
takes place?” I asked. 

“It’s tough to say, because it depends on the configuration of the 
craft. If the craft is hovering in the air, and the gravity amplifiers are 
focused down to the ground and it’s standing on its gravity wave, you 
would have to get into that focused area. If you’re directly underneath 
the craft at any time there’s a tremendous time distortion, and that’s 
in proportion to the proximity of the craft.”19 

The disc is allegedly capable of erratic maneuvers, and “two- to 
three-mile drops in a second to zero velocity.” Great caution is exercised
 during the test flights, which are restricted to Earth’s 
atmosphere. 

At that time, the tests were conducted only on Wednesday nights, 
Lazar revealed, because statistically, it was the night of least traffic in 
that area. And so it was that on a Wednesday night in March 1989, 
Bob took his wife, Tracy, John Lear, and Gene Huff, to an area about 
fifteen miles from the remote test site, hoping to prove the reality of 
at least some of his sensational claims. 


=======================================================================
Containers


On wednesday, March 22, 1989, the team, traveling in John 
Lear’s recreational vehicle, arrived a little later than anticipated and 
parked on a road with a commanding view. I have been out to this 
vicinity on two occasions (in 1986 and 1990) and the landscape is 
truly awe-inspiring and majestic. Unfortunately, I have never seen 
anything unexplainable, probably because I was there at the wrong 
times. But John, Gene, Bob, and Tracy-with advance knowledge of 
the test-flight time-were luckier. 

While John was in the process of setting up his telescope, a light 
came very slowly over the horizon from the direction of the test site. 
A plane or satellite perhaps? 

“Then the object jumped” Gene told me. “It jumped a long way to 
the right. Then we got the telescope on it. At that time, John was the 
only one who viewed the elliptical-shaped light through the telescope. 
The disc just flew around and then went down back to the mountains, 
south of where we were looking.” 

The sighting, lasting about seven minutes, was hardly conclusive 
proof, although Bob had predicted that the craft would appear to 
make “jumps,” owing to the bizarre nature of the effects produced by 
the propulsion system. But the following Wednesday night, March 
29, Bob went out to the same viewing point, together with Tracy, 
Gene, and another friend, and this time, they were all rewarded with 
a more substantial sighting. 

“We were looking to the mountains to the south,” Gene recounted, 
“and it came up very slowly and glided around very gently, in a strange 
movement. Through the telescope it was an elliptically shaped light. 
And then it did some very, very strange moves, like a ‘step’ move. It 
would be sitting there and it would go, then sit, then drop down to 
mountain level. And it came up the mountain range, and glowed. Bob 
told me that the glow of the disc is just by virtue of the way it’s 
energized; it’s not like you can turn this light on and off. And it came 
up toward us, stopped and hovered, and not only did it glow, it glowed 
brighter and brighter. Finally, it glowed so bright that we started 
backing up behind the car. We thought it might explode, but it didn’t. 
It went back down, went back above the mountain range gently, 
went down and hovered for a while, and went down as slowly as it 
came up.” 

Gene had never seen any object move like that before, he told me. 
“When it came up the mountain range it covered some distance to 
get to us. It’s not the same as if there’s a car coming on the highway, 
and there are the lights and you know it’s coming. It’ll just be there 
and all of a sudden it’s a lot closer, then a lot closer. That’s kind of an 
alarming thing.”1 

The group had a video camera, and some of these maneuvers are 
clearly visible on the film. Bob Oechsler, a former NASA engineer 
who has had a lot of experience in analyzing video films (including 
Ed Walters’s remarkable film taken in Gulf Breeze, Florida, in 1987), 
is convinced that the film provides powerful evidence in support of 
Lazar’s claims, as he explained to me: 

With a VCR, you’re looking at an electronic reproduction of 
what the eye sees. In other words, you’re looking at it through a 
series of horizontal bars, so essentially, half the image is cut out. 
What you’re looking at in this particular video of March 29, is a 
[light] that moves perhaps one third of the total distance of the 
screen, but it does so in a series of jumps. In other words, the 
light’s on, it’s off: You can do it frame-by-frame, which I’ve done, 
and you’ll find that the light actually disappears, then reappears at 
another location to the left of the original location, has a 
luminosity-characteristic signature, then it goes out again and 
jumps to another location. 

The point is that it absolutely verifies the principle that Bob 
Lazar offered as to how the system works. It adds great integrity 
to his allegation that if you focus the gravity-wave amplifiers on a 
specific point in space, you intensify a gravitational field, “pull” 
that point of space to you, in essence, and when you shut off the 
amplifier, you snap back to that point with it. In other words, 
you disappear and reappear at that point, as far as the eye would 
see, looking at it from any distance. So what you’re seeing is a 
series of “hyperspace” jumps on the videotape. And to me, it is 
the most extraordinary piece of video footage that I’ve ever seen 
in terms of UFO films. Unfortunately, there are no reference 
points. You only have the witnesses’ perspective to go on, and 
that perspective gives only some definable characteristics; 
that. . . the light came up from below a mountain range a certain 
distance away.2 

THREATS 

Bob Lazar was taking enormous risks by bringing friends 
to an area where they would have an opportunity of viewing the test 
flights. And finally, on the night of April 6, 1989, they got caught. 

While Lazar, together with his wife, sister-in-law, John Lear, and 
Gene Huff, were waiting for another expected test, a security vehicle 
approached. “Bob didn’t want to get caught with us, so he went out 
in the desert,” Gene related. “We turned around and pulled up that 
dirt road and stopped. So then they started up again and we went up 
farther, stopped, and pulled the telescope out.” They pointed the 
telescope at Jupiter, hoping to allay suspicion, but it was to no avail. 
“The security guys came up, all dressed in camouflage, but with no 
markings. They had pistols on them, and machine-guns, which they 
left in their vehicle. And they radioed back to the base security station 
that we said we were out there looking at the stars. They just told us 
that they would prefer that we weren’t there, but that it was public 
land; they couldn’t make us leave but they wanted us back up on the 
highway. 

“So we didn’t leave for a while, and Bob came back over and we 
were joking around. As it turned out, they were watching Bob and 
us all the time through night-vision binoculars. So then we pulled up 
on the highway and went the other way to watch for a while. As we 
understand it, we actually stopped the test this night because they had 
so much trouble with us.” 

As they began the long drive back to Las Vegas, the sheriff stopped 
them, having been alerted by the security personnel, and asked each 
member of the group for identification. 

“Lear had left his wallet in the trunk, and he opens the trunk, and 
there’s a video camera, a big telescope, and a Geiger counter, of all 
things! And the sheriff says, ‘What are you doing out here with all 
this stuff)’ Well, we wouldn’t say anything. He tried to bluff his way 
into allowing the car to be searched. We didn’t want it to be searched, 
because we had a gun in the trunk-for no other reason than that 
there are rattlesnakes in the desert. So he radioed the base station and 
took all our IDs and it was put into a computer base at Area 51. He 
detained us for about fifty minutes, and it’s only legal to detain you 
sixty minutes if they don’t arrest you or tow your car in. So he let us 
go and said not to come out there anymore.”3 

The following day, Lazar was ordered to go to Indian Springs Air 
Force Auxiliary Field, about thirty-five miles northwest of Las Vegas, 
for a debriefing, which was attended by an FBI agent. “Needless to 
say, they weren’t happy that I had told a group of people what was 
going on and brought them down to show it,” he told George Knapp. 
“They threatened me, put a gun to my head, and went over the 
security-the level of security that they had originally briefed me with. 
They did everything but physically hurt me [and said things like], We 
have the power to kill you right now. No one’s going to know about 
it-we can come up with a thousand excuses.’ I mean, just picture a 
guy with his face this far away from you, just screaming at you. It’s 
bizarre. 

“We had a story all made up as to why I was out there, about me 
being dropped off at the stop sign at the top of the hill, and that I 
really didn’t go out there, and I didn’t want to, and all that. And the 
first thing that they said when I got in was, ‘Forget about the stop- 
sign story.’ We had only talked about that on the phone, and it’s all 
too obvious it was tapped.” 

During the interrogation, the guards from Area 51 who had caught 
the group were brought in. “It was kind of funny,” Lazar told Knapp, 
“because obviously, they didn’t know what was going on; they didn’t 
know about the existence of the crafts or anything. I purposely made 
a point of saying, ‘What? Are you referring to the flying discs?’ And 
the two guys-their eyes got really big, and they were shocked at 
what was going on. The FBI guy hustled them out of the door and 
was kind of upset that I had mentioned it.” 

It was during this period that Lazar decided to go public with his 
story and give the interview, in silhouette, with George Knapp on 
KLAS-TV, Las Vegas. “I used the name Dennis, which was my supervisor
’s [first] name. He called immediately after that, and was really 
pissed off. ‘Do you have any idea of what they’re going to do to you?’ 
he said. Well no, I don’t,’ I said. Since then, I’ve had other threatening 
phone calls, saying they’re going to kill me. The chances are they’re 
going to do nothing. I mean, I’m no hero or anything of that sort; 
I’m not foolhardy either, but if you’re really going to kill someone, 
you don’t tell them.” 

Lazar described for me an alarming experience he had when someone
 took a shot at his car, following the initial television broadcast. 
“I was getting on the Interstate 15 freeway, north from Charleston 
Boulevard [Las Vegas], and when I turned the corner, a white car 
drove up alongside, pulled down the window, and fired a shot. At 
the time, I had to go into a turn to get onto the freeway, but instead, 
chose to keep going straight, and just hoped that he would go away 
and take the turn, so I just drove off into the dirt and kept going. 
The shot hit the brake section in the wheel and snapped part of the 
rear brake and shot the tire. I just continued on and stopped in the 
dirt, and he continued driving and rolled up the window.” 

In January and February 1990, Nippon Television filmed interviews 
with Lazar in Las Vegas. Further interviews in Japan were planned, 
but the day before Lazar was due to leave, he received a threatening 
call from his ex-boss. “You’ll never make it back,” he was warned. 
One of the many rumors circulating about Lazar at that time is that 
he had pocketed the cash for the interview in Japan, and that Nippon 
TV had sued him for breach of contract. The truth of the matter is 
that the company producing the show for Nippon had agreed to pay 
two thousand dollars on arrival in Japan, three thousand dollars having 
already been paid for the extensive interviews in Las Vegas. After the 
alleged threat, Lazar decided that he could not risk his life. Nippon 
TV was accordingly informed that he would be unable to make the 
scheduled visit, and the final payment was never made. 

BREAKING SECURITY 

Why did Bob Lazar decide to risk everything by going public with the secrets of S-4? 

“One of the reasons I’m coming forward with this information,” 
he said in 1989, “is that it’s not only a crime against the American 
people, it’s a crime against the scientific community, which I’ve been 
part of for some time. It’s just unfair not to put it in the hands of the 
overall scientific community. There are people who are much more 
capable of dealing with this information, and by this time, would have 
got a lot further along than this select, small group of people working 
out of the middle of the desert. They don’t even have the facilities, 
really, to completely analyze what they’re dealing with.” 

Lazar was also frustrated at being unable to discuss the sensational 
nature of his work. “You really can’t say anything. Like when you get 
home and your wife says, ‘Hi. What happened at work today?’ You 
can’t say you worked with some stuff from another planet! It’s ridiculous. 
You need someone to talk to-it’s just a tremendous thing to 
keep on your shoulders. How anyone else does it is beyond me.” 

Another reason was the working environment, which Lazar found 
oppressive and restricted. He particularly resented the harassment that 
he underwent as part of the security procedure, which of course increased
once it became evident that he had broken his security oath. 
Following the debriefing at Indian Springs, he was asked to go to 
work at S-4 but refused. “Are you officially refusing?” he was asked, 
to which he replied in the affirmative. “And that was the end of it. I 
left on a sour note. I was never officially fired and my clearance was 
never officially taken away. At that time, there was a lot of tension, a 
lot of worry, and the last place I wanted to get trapped was where no 
one could get to me, so I officially refused to go back. There was no 
communication after that.” 

But Lazar’s main purpose in coming forward, he claims, was to 
protect himself. “I tried to protect myself in several ways. One of them 
was going on the air and getting some of the information out, because 
that would be the only thing they would want to try and prevent. 
And once that was done-unless they do things for revenge, and I 
don’t believe that they operate that way-there would be no reason 
to hassle me anymore. Any action on their part right now would 
guarantee what I’m saying is true, so I think it’s going to be a ‘hands- 
off policy. 

“I’ve essentially accomplished what I wanted to. I don’t want to 
run out and prove everything to everyone, because frankly, I don’t 
really care if anyone believes anything I say at all. The only thing is 
to confront them with things they can’t deny. No matter what I say, 
no matter how much proof comes out, more people from S-4 need 
to come forward, because we have to come forward as a group. Just 
one person doesn’t cut it. 

“Where are the limits to national security? There has to be some 
sort of moral guideline where you have to draw the line and say, you 
know, it’s our responsibility to let everyone know about this, and we 
have to let national security kind of hang in the balance ... I did not 
believe that this should be a security matter. Some of it, sure, but 
just the concept that there’s definite proof and that we even have 
articles from another world, another system, you just can’t not tell 
everyone.” 

Asked if he felt comfortable about breaking security, Lazar replied, 
“No. To some degree I regret it, but it’s tough to backtrack now.” 

SUPPORT 

During one of the interviews with Bob Lazar on KVEG 
Radio in November 1989, a man claiming to be a construction worker 
from a company based in Mercury (Reynolds Electrical and Engineering
Company of EG&G), at the southern part of the test site, 
nervously offered some support. 

“We’re all kind of fed up with what’s going on,” the anonymous 
caller began. “We are the construction workers; we put things together 
and take them apart. We heard about your situation. People are meeting
in small groups and we’re trying to organize support for you to 
back you up. At the meeting we had yesterday of seven people, two 
will come forward and support you in what you saw, or what they’re 
involved with, but the other guys are just scared to death. And I’m a 
little scared myself. . . . It’s kind of hard to talk to you like this, but 
the guys are for you. Everybody wanted to do something a long time 
ago, but nobody knew what they had to do.” 

“Do you think these people would come forward if there was some 
sort of Congressional amnesty for them?” Lazar asked. 

“Well I don’t know. But we all know a lot. . . . Like when you 
walked into those hangars there. I mean, somebody had to put them 
up, right? It’s frightening. It scared the heck out of a lot of us. We’ve 
just got together now to see whether we’re going to do something. 
We could form some sort of a picket, or make some kind of announcement
 on the street. ...” 

“You start making a ruckus like that,” Lazar said, “and these guys 
can lose their jobs right away. There’s a ten-year jail term and a ten- 
thousand-dollar fine for divulging information like that. There’s an 
awful lot to lose.” 

Lazar told me that he had no idea how genuine the caller was, since 
a number of cranks had called him during the radio interviews. In any 
event, nothing came of the offer of support. 

POLYGRAPH TESTS 

The results of polygraph tests undertaken by Bob Lazar 
are generally encouraging, if inconclusive. According to examiner Ron 
Slay, for example, Lazar appeared to be truthful on one test and 
deceitful on another. Slay recommended that a second examiner be 
brought in, and Terry Tavernetti, a former Los Angeles police officer, 
put Lazar through four tests and concluded that there was no attempt 
to deceive. Tavernetti sent the results to a third polygrapher, who 
corroborated the findings, and to another examiner, who did not, 
stating his belief that Lazar might have been relating information that 
he had learned from someone else. Tavernetti, however, remains convinced
that Lazar was telling the truth, as he explained during a television
interview in 1990: 

He gave absolutely no physiological indications of attempted 
deception. . . . My personal thoughts [on] the pretest interview of 
three and a half hours, the test itself, and the posttest interview, 
showed absolutely nothing to deter my thought that Bob Lazar 
was truthful. Unfortunately, we’re dealing with a subject matter 
here where fear, on behalf of Mr. Lazar, of reprisal, might far exceed
just the threat of losing his credibility as a scientist, which 
would make polygraph tests maybe totally ineffective. 

Significandy, Tavernetti’s boss received a telephone call from a certain
government agency wanting to know why Tavernetti was getting 
involved in “something he shouldn’t be.” “I asked what agency and 
what [they] said that identified themselves, and that I’d be happy to 
talk,” said Tavernetti. “And I was refused this information, and told 
that he didn’t know.” 

Perhaps coincidentally, Tavernetti, who has retained the tapes and 
printouts from Lazar’s polygraph tests, had his home broken into in 
January 1990.4 

CORROBORATIVE EVIDENCE 

During my visits to Las Vegas, I met with a number of Bob 
Lazar’s friends and associates, including George Knapp, who had first 
interviewed Lazar in March 1989. George is a TV journalist and 
former anchorman for KLAS-TV, Channel 8, Las Vegas, and after 
he had interviewed me in March 1990 for his second UFO documentary
,5 he talked about his impressions on meeting Lazar and the 
subsequent evidence he has uncovered which tends to support Lazar’s 
extraordinary claims: 

I felt real impressed. The first meeting that we had of any substance
was when I took my news director to John Lear’s house to 
meet him. My boss was ultraskeptical going in. Coming out, we 
just looked at each other and he said, ‘OK. Ten minutes a night, 
and as much time as you need. Go for it!’ He was that impressed 
with him. 

It’s just a story that’s made the rounds here in Nevada for a 
long time that nobody has really bothered to look into. We know 
a lot of secret stuff goes on in Area 51; we know the nature of 
some of those programs, and there’s been this lingering, nagging 
voice floating around at the test site for many years that something
 else, something alien, was up there, but no one’s ever bothered
 to check it out. But Bob is the first to come forward to say 
anything about it-to have inside knowledge. 

I’ve spent almost a year on the Lazar story. We’ve gone over 
every aspect of the story again and again. Knowing him really 
sells a lot of it, because he’s not out to impress anyone and he’s 
not trying to make a million dollars with this. He’s not trying to 
spill the secrets of the universe or blow himself up to be more 
important than he is, and he tells you when he doesn’t know 
something. The story has been consistent again and 
again. . . . The checks into his background have been difficult. If 
you know Bob, you realize how lackadaisical he is about these 
things; he’s like your typical absentminded professor. Details of 
his life he just disregards. We’ve talked to his coworkers and the 
guy he used to work with at Los Alamos, who took us into these 
top-secret areas. 

A number of people have come forward with little bits and 
pieces of information. There was a security guard at the test site. 
I pursued him for a couple of months, but he would not talk to 
me. There was another security guy, who claimed to have seen 
Lazar up there. He thought Lazar hadn’t seen the whole picture, 
and he agreed to meet with me and he was going to provide 
some material. The meeting didn’t come off. I got a call at home, 
and he said, “Something’s wrong with your phone, because my 
house was broken into. The materials were the only things that 
were taken.” 

A second guy called me who claimed to have done the tax returns
 over a number of years for people that worked at 51, and 
he’d picked up a number of bits and pieces about the saucer program
 up there. Well, the morning after he calls, he gets a visit by 
two guys saying they’re Secret Service and they want to ask him 
about some old records. He related to me that it was pretty clear 
to him that it was an attempt of intimidation; that they just 
wanted to get a look at him, get a photograph, and let him know 
they didn’t appreciate him talking to me. 

“Have you spoken to people who’ve seen craft up in the area?” I 
asked. 

Sure. There was another fellow-actually, a guy who used to 
work here at this station as an engineer. Before he worked here, 
he worked at 51. He inadvertendy walked into a hangar and saw 
one of these discs under a big tarp. I called him to arrange an 
interview, to do it in limbo, and the morning after he agreed to 
do the interview, there’s two guys sitting out at the front of his 
house in a car, with a radio. They follow him to work and follow 
him home again. And that’s the last I heard from him. He communicated
with me through another party that he wouldn’t do 
the interview.6 

George Knapp has learned that it is common knowledge among 
those with high-security clearances that extraterrestrial craft are kept 
at the Nevada Test Site. A Las Vegas man who was once stationed 
there claimed to have seen a flying disc land outside the boundaries 
of Area 51. And an airman who worked at one of the Nellis Air Force 
Base radar installations said that he and his fellow servicemen watched 
unusual objects flying over the Groom Mountains for a period of five 
nights. The radar images indicated that the objects zoomed into range 
at seven thousand miles per hour and would then “stop on a dime.” 
When word of the sighting leaked out, the airman was told to keep 
quiet about the matter and that “it didn’t happen.”7 

Another highly placed informant who was going to give George 
Knapp information on crashed discs, recovered bodies, and alien technology, 
was visited at her home by a man who identified himself as 
a government agent, warning her that any release of information would 
lead to trouble, and reminding her that she did a lot of traveling and 
that “accidents can happen.” Her family could also be harmed, he 
warned. 

The existence of an S-4 area on the Nellis test range has been 
confirmed to George Knapp by a spokesman for the Nellis Air Force 
Base Public Affairs Office, who admitted that the military “operates 
certain equipment at S-4,” but of course refused to divulge where 
S-4 is located or what equipment is tested there. 

Further sightings have been reported in the area. On February 21, 
1990, for example, Norio Hayakawa, accompanying a Nippon Television
Network crew, witnessed and videotaped “a flight maneuver of 
a brightly lit orangish-yellow light making extremely unorthodox flight 
patterns, including sudden acceleration . . . and even zigzag-type 
movement.” Hayakawa has seen mysterious objects in the area on 
various other occasions, together with witnesses, including Gary 
Schultz, who has led several expeditions to the vicinity and who, 
during the night of December 5-6, 1990, observed eight distant 
disclike objects which “glowed with an amber-orange light and flitted 
about like fireflies.” The last disc was followed by a black helicopter 
which later veered away from the disc and apparently landed on Bald 
Mountain.8 A similar disclike object was photographed by Gary 
Schultz on February 28, 1990 (see photo section). On April 20,1992, 
NBC Nightly News included a report of unusual aerial objects seen in 
the Groom Lake vicinity, and showed a brief video film of “something 
that seems to defy the laws of physics,” taken at night by an NBC 
camera team. “Hundreds of witnesses have seen the bright light hovering
motionless over the mountains, then move quickly across the 
night sky at high speed-like a flying saucer,” it was reported. 

During his research into the Stealth program, Jim Goodall, the well- 
known aviation writer and photographer, spoke with a number of 
sources who have added substance to the growing body of stories 
about Area 51, including a master sergeant who did three tours of 
duty at Groom Lake. 

“He said that the United States Government and the military have 
things out there that you can’t describe as airplanes, that are literally 
out of this world,’ ” Goodall revealed in 1990. “He emphasized ‘out 
of this world’ and said, ‘And they’re alien to anything that you’ve ever 
seen.’ And I tried to press him some more, and he says, ‘Look, I can’t 
comment. I’ve gone much further than I should already.’ ”9 

W-2 

Naturally, it has been a formidable task to try and prove 
that Bob Lazar actually worked at S-4. Naval Intelligence officials 
denied any knowledge of him, yet an extensive investigation by Bob 
Oechsler into the authenticity of Lazar’s Wage and Tax Statement 
(W-2 form) for 1989 (Figure 9.1), allegedly mailed from Washington, 
D.C., in July 1990, has yielded a substantial amount of corroborative 
evidence. Although blank W-2 forms are readily available and Lazar 
could have filled it in himself, the following information tends to 
negate this possibility. 

The United States Postal Service in Washington, D.C., was unable 
to identify the zip code for the “Department of Naval Intelligence” 
(20038), believing it to be as yet unassigned. But a Naval Intelligence 
official in Suidand, Maryland, confirmed that it belonged to them, 
even though such a department does not exist officially. The Naval 
Intelligence branch is referred to as the Office of Naval Intelligence, 
while the Navy, per se, is known as the Department of the Navy. The 
most likely explanation, in my view, is that the “Department of Naval 
Intelligence” could well be a front. 

Fig. 9.1 
Robert Lazar’s W-2 Wage and Tax Statement for 1989 (after deductions), for 
a total of five non-consecutive days’ work at S-4. Evidence of his employment 
by Naval Intelligence is shown, as is his alleged security clearance - “MAJ”. (I 
have deleted Lazar’s social security number and part of his address.) 

1 Control number 

0MB No. 1545 0008 E-6722MAJ 

2 Employer's name, address, and ZIP code 

United States Department 
of Haval Intelligence 
Washington, DC. 20038 

8 Employee’s social security number 9 Federal income tax withheld 

168.24 

12 Employee's name, address, and ZIP code 

Robert S. Lazar 

Las Vegas, NV. 89128 

3 Employer's identification number 

4 Employer's stele 1.0. number 

46-1007639 

 N/A  

5 Statutory Deceased Pension Itfil 9«2 Subtotal Oelerred Void 

employee plan rep. emp. compensation 

□ □ □ □ □ □ □ □_ 
6 Allocated tips 

7 Advance EIC payment 

10 Wages, tips, other compensation 

11 Social security tei withheld 

958ell 

71.94 

13 Social security wages 

14 Social security tips 

16 

16a Fringe benefits incl. in Box 10 

17 Slate Incdme tax 

18 Slate wages, tips, etc. 

20 Local income tax 

21 Local wages, lips. etc. 

19 Name ol state 
Nevada 
22 Name ol locality 

ro.mW-2 Wage and Tax Statement 1989 

Employee's and employer's copy comppared [ ] 

Copy 2 To bo filled with employer's State, City, or Local Income tax return. 



An Internal Revenue Service spokesperson explained to Oechsler 
that the first two digits of the employer’s identification number (46) 
represent the assignment state of the employer; in this case South 
Dakota (Aberdeen). It was learned that the number can also be assigned
out of Ogden, Utah, where another regional IRS office is 
located. Oechsler’s inquiries at these two offices (after Lazar had provided
authorization and a notarized signature) elicited the response 
that the information required was “classified,” but that all indications 
were that the W-2 form was “legitimate.” 

Oechsler pursued his investigations with a Department of Energy 
official, who confirmed that the Office of Management and Budget 
number on the W-2 form (E-6722) is a Department of Energy contract 
number, and that the 6700 series contract numbers were managed 
out of Albuquerque, New Mexico (possibly Kirtland Air Force Base/ 
Sandia National Laboratories). The MAJ is a “point of contact”- 
supposedly, in this case, referring to “Majestic,” though this was not 
confirmed. 

Finally, the Social Security Administration office in Baltimore, 
Maryland, told Oechsler that it had no records in Lazar’s account from 
1983 onward, but they were able to validate the payments he claims 
to have received for the 1982-83 period (while working at Los Alamos 
National Laboratory), though when trying to access the name of the 
contractor, a “Security Violation” notice came up on the computer 
records, for reasons of national security, indicating that Lazar had 
been employed in sensitive work at the lab.10 

CONTROVERSIAL BACKGROUND 

An inevitable consequence of Lazar’s revelations was 
that attempts were made to discredit him. To begin with, it has proved 
extremely difficult to substantiate his educational background. This is 
partly due to the fact that he left behind many papers at his house in 
Las Vegas, following the tragic death of his first wife, Carol Strong, 
and that Lazar tends to be absentminded at times. But there is evidence 
that certain officials have gone to great lengths to ensure that as few 
records as possible were located. 

When George Knapp contacted the hospital where Lazar says he 
was born, in Coral Gables, Florida, no records could be found. And 
when Knapp contacted the schools and universities where Lazar claims 
to have studied, he was informed that they had never heard of him. 
Bob told me that he attended Pierce Junior College, California, then 
the California Institute of Technology (Cal Tech), and California State 
University at Northridge. A period of employment by Fairchild was 
followed by a return to Cal Tech. He claims to have obtained master’s 
degrees in physics (his thesis: Magnetohydrodynamics) from the Massachusetts
 Institute of Technology (MIT) and in electronics from Cal 
Tech. To date, no evidence for these degrees has been forthcoming. 
Although physicist Stanton Friedman has been able to verify that Lazar 
did indeed attend both Pierce Junior College and California State 
University, he drew a blank at MIT. “There’s no trace of him at MIT 
and no record of him having attended any course. Maybe he took a 
lot of courses but didn’t get a degree-that’s a possibility.” 

While Lazar’s unverifiable qualifications cast suspicion on the rest 
of his claims, there seems no doubt that he was employed as a physicist 
by Los Alamos National Laboratory, engaged in sensitive work, and 
currently, his company has a contract with the laboratory, manufacturing
and repairing alpha radiation detectors. 

Lazar is the first to admit that his colorful background has augmented
his reputation as a maverick scientist. At Los Alamos, for 
example, police frowned on his noisy jet car, which had led to a number 
of complaints in the neighborhood. Yet, the car is a testimony to his 
ingenuity as an engineer. The engine (installed in a Honda) was made 
of stainless steel and titanium and fueled by liquid propane. In tests 
at a dry lake bed near Los Angeles, the car reached over two hundred 
miles per hour, using its kerosene-powered afterburner. The conventional
 gasoline-powered engine was used to take the Honda up to a 
certain speed before the jet would be fired. Unlike most jet engines, 
Lazar’s design did not incorporate bulky compressors and used relatively
 little fuel. Prior to the car, he had designed a jet-powered bike 
which reached up to a hundred miles per hour. (“The cops saw that 
and put a stop to it for fear of safety.”)11 More recently, Lazar has 
built another jet car as well as a rocket. 

“There’s a tremendous amount of things I’ve been involved with 
over the years,” he said on television in April 1990. “Just because I 
have a wide variety of interests, a lot of it can be misconstrued and 
taken out of context. I’m sure it can be used to make me look pretty 
bad. There again, maybe that’s one reason they looked at before hiring me. 
I’m an easy person to hammer into the ground. . . . 

It did not take long. During the same interview, Lazar responded 
to rumors that he had been involved in illegal drugs, that he had a 
methadone lab in his home, that he was selling women to South 
America, and that he was involved with prostitution. All the stories 
were demonstrably false-with one exception: He openly admitted 
that he and his first wife Carol had owned a legal brothel (the “Honey- 
suckle Ranch”) in northern Nevada in the early 1980s, and that more 
recendy, he had installed some video equipment and helped with 
computer software and accounting for a friend who owned an illegal 
brothel in a residential area of Las Vegas, for which he had received 
payment. His involvement had lasted only a matter of weeks, he said, 
and the business was operating before he came on the scene. 

ARREST 

The police reacted swiftly to the televised admission, 
since it posed an embarrassment for the Las Vegas Metro Vice Squad 
and the Clark County District Attorney’s Office. The brothel owner, 
Toni Bulloch, had stated previously that the Vice Squad had come to 
an arrangement with her, whereby they would turn a blind eye to her 
operation if her girls did not make outside calls to hotels, and she had 
agreed also to act as an informant for the Squad, several of whose 
officers were alleged to have been clients. 

Within hours, officers raided the brothel, and Bulloch was arrested 
and charged with pandering, living off the earnings of a prostitute, 
conspiracy to commit prostitution, and “keeping a disorderly house.” 
Bulloch blamed Lazar for setting up the operation, and he was served 
with a search warrant at his home and charged with pandering (“pimp- 
ing”), which in Nevada carries a sentence of from one to six years and 
a possible fine of five thousand dollars. 

On June 18, 1990, with some coaxing from his attorney, Lazar 
reluctantly pleaded guilty in the Las Vegas District Court, and on 
August 20, he was sentenced to a three-year suspended sentence and 
one hundred fifty hours of community service. It was also recommended
that Lazar, who is divorced from his second wife, should see 
a psychiatric counselor, in view of his “negligent circumstances.” 

I have a video of the proceedings, and it is relevant to mention that 
nobody had a bad word to say for the defendant. (I would also like 
to add that Lazar had no previous convictions.) Both the Las Vegas 
Vice Squad and the district attorney had requested that Lazar should 
not be sent to jail, and even prosecutor John Lukens commented that 
Lazar did not fit the profile of a typical panderer. Judge Lehman 
expressed surprise that Lazar’s partial involvement in the operation 
had not been plea-bargained down to a gross misdemeanor, and that 
Toni Bulloch was not in court as a codefendant (she had previously 
been charged only with “keeping a disorderly house,” a misdemeanor 
statute dating back to 1911). The judge also took account of the fact 
that Lazar had lost his job with Naval Intelligence (the W-2 cited as 
proof of employment) and therefore needed to earn money. 

FURTHER SUPPORT 

In spite of the suspended sentence, Lazar’s credibility 
has suffered a severe blow, and one that he will not easily live down. 
Many will wonder why I have included his story here at all. The point 
is that we have evidence of his involvement in what possibly could be 
the most secret project ever undertaken on this planet, and to dismiss 
his claims solely on the basis of his involvement in prostitution is, in 
my opinion, shortsighted. Perhaps, as he admits himself, he was recruited
to work at S-4 precisely because of his colorful background 
the better to discredit him should it prove necessary. 

Other experienced researchers who have met Lazar testify to his 
apparent honesty, including Dr. Jacques Vallee, who is not predis- 
posed to a belief in UFOs as extraterrestrial spacecraft. “He seems 
very credible,” he commented on television in 1990. “I think that he 
was in the places that he described. He also seemed to have concern 
with remembering some parts of the things that went on there. We 
asked him if he felt that his memory might have been tampered with. 
Now, that is something . . . Could it be that he was exposed deliberately 
to certain things, perhaps to distract attention from other things ? But I’m 
certain of the opinion that he’s not lying, and that he’s talking the 
truth, and that he’s genuinely concerned with finding out what happened
 to him.”12 

In his 1991 book, Revelations: Alien Contact and Human Deception, 
Vallee reaffirms his belief in Lazar’s sincerity, but states categorically 
that the events at S-4 were “pure theater,” staged for purposes of 
disinformation, and have nothing whatsoever to do with alien technology. 
(If true, this would imply a vast and expensive set, involving 
some very convincing actors and props.) Vallee cites, for instance, the 
lack of sophisticated tools used by Lazar when working on the reactor 
(a digital voltmeter and an oscilloscope). “Where were the X-ray inspection
 systems, the multichannel analyzers, the signal generators that 
are the standard tools of the high-tech trade?” he asks, not unreason- 
ably. Indeed, such a lack of high-tech gear used by Lazar does seem 
absurd, though, as we have learned, Lazar told me that he tested a 
sample of Element 115 in a cloud chamber at his home, and in his 
video presentation, he now makes reference to extensive electronic 
equipment in the hangar, including a machine with an X-ray symbol, 
which, I understand, he did not see being used. “I’m no research 
physicist,” Lazar told Vallee during their two-hour meeting in March 
1990. “If those were really alien discs, they should have had the best 
scientists in the country working on them. Instead they gave us these 
briefings and just told us to try anything we liked. . . .”13 

On his own admission, Lazar had access to only one of the nine 
hangars at S-4, so it is logical to suppose that the other twenty or so 
scientists employed at the facility were more qualified. Furthermore, 
Lazar told me that additional research work was done elsewhere. 

Vallee is equally suspicious about Lazar’s medical treatment at S-4. 
At an infirmary at the back of the facility, he was given a number of 
tests by a female doctor and a nurse. An “awful lot” of blood samples 
were taken (though only on one occasion, I have learned), said to be 
necessary because of the things he was working on, and on another 
occasion, he was given a glass of yellow liquid that smelled like pine,14 
and claims to have been hypnotized several times, adversely affecting 
his memory. 

Certainly, Lazar has had difficulty in recollecting clearly all the events 
that took place. Although he recalls most of what happened, there 
were a few days when all he could remember was flying out to the 
test site and getting on the plane to fly back to Las Vegas. Regression 
sessions with clinical hypnotist Layne Keck tend to indicate that Lazar 
had indeed been administered a drug and was subjected to periods of 
regimented hypnosis, including harassment, the purpose of which was 
to instigate a fear of breaking security. In my view, the hypnosis would 
have been equally effective in ensuring that those who did break security
 disclosed a perhaps confused account of the activities at S-4. 
Whatever the case, Keck has commented positively on Lazar’s truth- 
fulness. “His subconscious mind believes, totally, all of these things,” 
he affirmed in 1989.15 

In June 1990, former astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell visited Lazar 
and spent three days talking with him. Afterward, Mitchell stated his 
conviction that Lazar had indeed been involved in a high-level “black” 
project, owing to his level of knowledge on these matters, and subsequently, 
he made his own investigations into the allegations about 
S-4.16 During an Oprah Winfrey show in 1991 which featured some 
of the Apollo astronauts, the subject of UFOs cropped up. Dr. Mitchell, 
following the rather negative comments of his former colleagues, 
rejoined: “I do believe that there is a lot more known about extraterrestrial
 investigation than is available to the public right now [and] 
has been for a long time. It’s a long, long story. It goes back to 
World War II when all of that happened, and [it is] highly classified 
stuff.” 

I wrote to Dr. Mitchell and asked if he was prepared to elaborate 
on this statement. “I really have little that I can add to what I have 
already said, for frankly I know very little,” he replied. “My own 
assessment after years of skeptical observation is that the evidence has 
become so consistent and overwhelming that it can hardly be ignored. 
This being the case it will sooner or later break open and we will all 
be pleased to know the results.”17 

If Lazar’s story stood alone, we might be justified in dismissing it 
as a fantasy or a hoax, but further support for his claims has recendy 
been brought to light. According to Andrew Basiago, a West Coast 
investigative reporter and lawyer, a similar claim was made as far back 
as the 1970s by a former CIA officer, Marion Leo Williams. Williams 
confided to a relative that, when he was working as a CIA consultant 
to the Lockheed company during that period, he had visited Dream- 
land and learned that Lockheed was supplying equipment to a su- 
persecret laboratory researching the technology of recovered alien 
vehicles and the biology of their occupants. 

Williams’s career in intelligence began during World War II when 
he worked for the Office of Strategic Services (which subsequently 
became the CIA). In 1953, after graduating with degrees in engineering
 and history from the University of Kansas at Wichita, he 
participated in numerous operations for the CIA, in Burma, China, 
Japan, Korea, Thailand, and Vietnam. During the 1960s and 1970s, 
Williams returned to the United States, where he specialized in counterintelligence
 and was involved in protecting United States defense 
intelligence bases from penetration by the KGB. 

Williams claimed that, as part of his assignment for Lockheed, he 
had been transported to Dreamland in aircraft and buses with blacked- 
out windows. Much of the site, he said, was underground or recessed 
into the surrounding terrain. Security was formidable. His job was to 
acquire parts from foreign manufacturers to secure and outfit the base. 
Williams developed cancer and died in 1989. He first began to 
discuss his experiences with the relative (whom Basiago spoke to in 
1981 and found to be “highly credible”) in 1976. “The theme of the 
ailing CIA agent’s revelations,” wrote Basiago in 1992, “was that 
because he was dying and had no reason to fear retaliation for breaking 
his secrecy oath, he wanted his relative to know that the Earth is being 
visited by a nonhuman intelligent species, that American government 
researchers are busy conducting genetic studies of intact alien corpses 
recovered from crashed alien spacecraft, and that design principles 
from the saucers have been utilized in the Stealth bomber.”18 

AN ALIEN PRESENCE? 

It will be recalled that during Bob Lazar’s initial interview
in March 1989, he was asked if any aliens were present at 
S-4. “I really want to steer away from that right now,” he responded. 
I asked Bob the same question during one of our interviews. 

“I don’t know, I really don’t,” he replied. “You know, if you’re 
walking by a door and glance in and think you see something, and 
when you walk by it again there’s nothing there-the people, the 
configuration has changed in the room-how much credit can you 
put in that?” 

Bob was more forthcoming in a private interview with George 
Knapp in 1989, although equally reluctant to confirm that what he 
saw could have been an alien, emphasizing how he disliked talking 
about aspects of his experiences at S-4 that he was unable to verify 
personally. 

“I walked down the hallway at one time I was working down there, 
and there were doors [with] a nine-inch- or twelve-inch-square window
 with little wires running through it, just about head level. And 
as I was walking by, I just glanced in and I noticed-at a quick glance- 
there were two guys in lab coats, facing me toward the door. And 
they were looking down and talking to something small, with long 
arms. I was just surprised as I walked by and I only caught a glimpse. 
But I don’t know what on earth that was. 

“Now, UFO proponents say right away, That was an alien-you 
saw an alien!’ I don’t know. I mean, there were so many weird things 
and they play so many mind games there. Maybe they stuck a doll in 
front of these guys and made me walk by it and look at it, just to see 
what my reaction would be. But, when we did turn around to do 
something, and walk back, it was gone, and the two guys were gone. 
So, I don’t know what I saw.” 

In the 1988 documentary UFO Cover-Up? Live, Condor and Falcon 
claimed that the aliens not only operated from a base within Dream- 
land but had “complete control” of it. Bob was skeptical when I put 
this to him, but did not totally discount the possibility of an alien 
presence, at least. 

“The installation takes up a whole range of mountain, and [apart 
from the hangar] I’m allowed into a little office area here, and all I 
know is the corridor that connects it,” he explained. “The rest of it 
could be an alien haven for all I know. Maybe they never did open 
the door to let me into the whole bag. It could be tremendous. So 
who am I to say? I don’t think that was the case. I don’t know if there 
are any aliens running around. And then, what a waste of time this 
[research effort] would all be if there were!” 

THE BRIEFING PAPERS 

Bob Lazar may not have seen any aliens running around 
S-4, but he learned a great deal about them in the one hundred twenty 
or so briefing papers that he was required to read. 

“On your own admission, this subject is so compartmentalized- 
so how come you had access to all these documents?” I asked him. 

“That I don’t know. I have no answer to that, and they were-well, 
they were not in-depth at all. There was no reason to give me that 
information. A lot of it I didn’t even understand, and [I had] only a 
brief amount of time to look through them. Most of it did pertain to 
what I would be working with, and why anything else was there, I 
don’t know.” 

“Were they stamped in any way?” 
“No. They were not stamped in any way. They were just blue folders, 
and very brief overviews. . . . Each time I read something new, but 
the first time I went out I was given a tremendous amount-a pile 
of stuff to read.” 

In his private interview with George Knapp, Lazar explained further: 
“They were monitoring what I was reading and what they 
updated me on, and the reason they gave was, ‘We need to get you 
up-to-speed as quickly as possible, so as we move your clearance up, 
we check things out.’... In fact, as it turned out, they put me to work 
before my clearance had come through.” 

The papers allegedly dealt with a number of highly classified projects, 
including “Galileo” (gravity propulsion), “Looking Glass” (research
into the possibility of seeing back in time), and “Sidekick” (a 
beam weapon with a neutron source, focused by a gravity lens), all 
under the umbrella of “Project Overview.” Since Bob did not have 
time to read everything, he concentrated mostly on those papers that 
dealt with his own area of expertise. The information in the documents 
is highly controversial and is remarkably similar to the information 
(or disinformation) disseminated by Falcon and Condor. 

“Is it true,” I asked, “that there was an interchange of information 
between the aliens and some scientists at the site at one time, and that 
there was an altercation resulting in many deaths-according to what 
you read in the briefing papers?” 

“Right, that’s according to what I read, that’s what was going on. 
And I believe the altercation came about in 1979, or some time like 
that. And I don’t remember exactly how it was stated, but it had 
something to do with the security personnel. The aliens were in a 
separate room. I think it had something to do with the bullets [the 
security guards] were carrying, and somehow, they were trying to be 
told that they couldn’t enter the area with the bullets, possibly because 
it was hazardous-the bullets could explode, through some field or 
whatever. 

“I actually remember very little about the story, but either someone 
attempted to come into the room with the bullets, or had a gun in 
his hand or something, and the security people were killed-by head 
wounds. And it was very nondescriptive past that. And I think then 
that the scientists were all killed also.” 

The incident is said to have led to the termination of an alien liaison 
at the site-although we were left with the craft. 

I had heard an almost identical tale from Paul Bennewitz, who claims 
to have established communications with aliens via his computer (see 
Chapter 2). “In 1979, something happened,” he wrote to me in 1985. 
“The alien through the computer said [there had been] an argument 
over weapons . . . sixty-six were killed, forty-four got away.” The incident
supposedly occurred at an alien base in Dulce, New Mexico- 
not at the Nevada site. 

Since Bennewitz had been fed liberal doses of disinformation, I put 
it to Bob that the briefing documents might have contained false 
information, too. He did not deny the possibility, but pointed out 
that everything he saw on paper pertaining to his own specialized field 
turned out to be factual, so he assumes therefore that everything else 
he read could have been equally valid. 

There were references in the reports to “The Kids”-presumably 
the little fellows who had manned at least one of the craft at S-4- 
whose origin was said to be Reticulum 4, the fourth planet out from 
Zeta Reticuli 2. (Falcon referred to the same star system during the 
1988 documentary, but said that the home planet was the third out.) 
A day on Reticulum 4 was said to be ninety hours. 

The two stars that comprise the Zeta Reticuli system are thirty- 
seven light years from Earth, separated from each other by a distance 
of about three hundred fifty billion miles and requiring possibly over 
one hundred thousand years to orbit their common center of gravity. 
Although the stars are believed to be of a similar type to our sun,19 
this is disputed by Daniel Bonneau of the Calern Observatory in 
France, who in 1988 pointed out to Robert Collins (believed to be 
“Condor”) that “the two stars are definitely at a different evolution 
stage than the Sun.” Furthermore, as I have mentioned in the notes 
to Chapter 6, Bonneau claims that these stars are not binaries.”20 
(Binaries are two stars gravitationally attracted to each other, so that 
they revolve around their common center of gravity, thus forming a 
“double star.”) 

The aliens evidently have a preference for Latin, for our Sun is 
referred to as “Sol” and Earth as “Sol 3” (the third planet). 

Lazar read that humankind is the product of sixty-five genetic “corrections” 
by the aliens. This is a considerable advance on the figure 
given in the alleged presidential briefing paper shown to Linda Flowe 
by Richard Doty. Linda recalls that the “time intervals for this DNA 
manipulation specifically listed . . . were 25,000, 15,000, and 2,500 
years ago” (see Chapter 6). 

Lazar is healthily skeptical about the religious information he read 
in the briefing papers. “It’s easier to swallow things you can put your 
hands on and touch and then work with,” he explained to George 
Knapp. “That’s no problem. But when you get a lot of spiritual stuff 
and religion . . . that we were made by progressive corrections in evolution
and that sort of stuff. . . it’s tough to accept without hardcore
proof. The only hard-core thing is that there is an extremely 
classified document dealing with religion, and it’s extremely thick. But 
why should there be any classified documents dealing with religion?” 

Knapp pressed Lazar for further information. 
“Oh, come on, that’s so weird. . . .” 
“I’m not asking you to say what you believe to be a fact; I’m asking 
you to say what you read in a report that is distributed at what may 
be the most top-secret facility in the world.” 

“It’s just so far out. . . .” 
“All right. Your objection has been noted! What does it say?” 
“That we’re ‘containers.’ That’s supposedly how the aliens look at 
us; that we are nothing but containers.” 

“Containers of what?” 
“Containers. Maybe containers of souls. You can come up with 
whatever theory you want. But we’re containers, and that’s how we’re 
mentioned in the documents; that religion was specifically created so 
we have some rules and regulations for the sole purpose of not damaging
the containers. ...” 

“We’re containers for souls that they’re going to use at some other 
point?” 

“Right.” 

Supposedly, Jesus and two other spiritual leaders were genetically 
engineered, in the sense that “they were implanted in people on Earth 
and their births were closely monitored.” Again, a similar claim was 
made (specifically about Jesus) by Richard Doty, in conversation with 
Linda Howe. 

The idea is hardly new, and has been proposed by a number of 
writers. The Bible does contain several passages which, although open 
to alternative interpretations, nonetheless suggest the possibility of an 
out-of-this-world origin for Jesus, such as: the angel Gabriel’s visit to 
Mary, informing her of an unusual conception; the star of Bethlehem 
which guided the wise men to the place of birth; the physical ascension 
into “heaven”; and Saul’s conversion on the road to Damascus, when 
Jesus apparently spoke to him from a “great light” in the sky. 

In addition, one could adduce Christ’s extraordinary abilities, which 
parallel some of those attributed to the aliens, and the occasional 
cryptic statements referring to his origin, such as the following, 
recorded in John’s Gospel: “You belong to this world here below, but 
I come from above. You are from this world, but I am not from 
this world.”21 

Is the idea so far-fetched? Not according to Dr. Barry Downing, 
at least, a theologian with a degree in physics, whose book The Bible 
and Flying Saucers traces the evidence for extraterrestrial liaison with 
humankind throughout biblical history.22 

Robert Lazar’s story should be judged not on what he read in the 
briefing papers, however, as he is the first to admit, but on the merits 
or otherwise of his alleged experiences at S-4. Although his recollection 
of events may have been intentionally distorted, and the briefing papers 
probably included disinformation, it is my opinion that his story is 
substantially true. If so, I believe that his exposure to some of the 
activities at S-4 could have been part of a public indoctrination process, 
in that those who recruited him were well aware that he would break 
security by disclosing his experiences. Even if Lazar’s story turns out 
to be completely bogus, we are still left with a considerable amount 
of independent corroboration-including further evidence to be presented
in the final chapter-that tends to support the seemingly fantastic
claim that extraterrestrial craft and bodies are in possession of 
the American intelligence community. 

“Well, I am telling the truth-I’ve tried to prove that,” Bob Lazar 
insists. “What’s going on up there could be the most important event 
in history. You’re talking about physical contact and proof from another
system-another planet, another intelligence. That’s got to be 
the biggest event in history-period. And it’s real, and it’s there.”23 


=======================================================================
COSMIC JOURNEY 


It was may 13, 1988. Admiral Bobby Ray Inman had just completed
 the keynote address at a ground-breaking ceremony for the 
National Security Agency’s new top-secret supercomputer facility for 
the Institute for Defense Analysis, of which Inman was a former 
director. Standing outside the speakers’ tent at the University of Maryland
’s Science and Technology Center was former NASA engineer 
Bob Oechsler, waiting for an appropriate opportunity to approach 
the retired intelligence chief, who in his distinguished career had 
been a director of both the National Security Agency and Naval Intelligence. 

The admiral bade his farewells and, fortuitously, headed in Oechs- 
ler’s direction. “Excuse me, Admiral,” said Oechsler, handing over his 
business card. “I would be deeply appreciative if at some point you’d 
have someone contact me about how I can get closer to MJ-12.” 

Inman studied the card, which briefly detailed Oechsler’s specialty 
in robotics and mobilized security surveillance systems, then looked 
Bob straight in the eyes. With a knowing nod and a half smile, he 
placed the card neatly in the breast pocket of his jacket. “OK,” he 
replied. 

The two men shook hands and Inman quickly departed, leaving 
Oechsler with the firm impression that Inman knew precisely about 
the nature of the inquiry. 

Admiral Inman’s impressive background in the intelligence community, 
his involvement with government technology-related projects 
and organizations such as the Brookings Institution, the Council on 
Foreign Relations, the Defense Science Board, and the Institute for 
Defense Analysis, had prompted Oechsler to make his request. “I can 
think of no other individual in the entire United States of America 
who is more qualified to manage the most important covert operation 
in the history of mankind,” he believes.1 

Born in 1931, Bobby Ray Inman graduated with a B.A. from the 
University of Texas in 1950 and entered the United States Navy (Naval 
Reserve) in 1952, serving for two years on aircraft carriers, and occasionally
 working in London and Paris. From 1965 to 1967, he 
served as assistant to the naval attache in Stockholm, and during this 
period became an analyst for the National Security Agency's Navy 
Field Operational Intelligence Office. In 1972, he was appointed assistant
 to the Chief of Staff of Intelligence, Office of the Commander 
of the Pacific Fleet. Two years later, Inman became the director of 
Naval Intelligence, a post he held until 1976, when he was made a 
vice admiral. Following a year as vice director of the Defense Intelligence
 Agency, he served as director of the National Security Agency 
until 1981, when he advanced to the rank of admiral and was appointed
 deputy director of the CIA.2 

Inman retired from government service in 1982. Among the positions
 that he currently holds is that of chairman, president, and CEO 
of a Texas-based company specializing in microelectronics. In July 
1990, he was appointed to President Bush’s Foreign Intelligence Advisory
 Board. 

The son of an Air Force pilot, Bob Oechsler (pronounced “X-ler”) 
interrupted his education at the University of Maryland to join the 
Air Force in 1968, serving with the American Forces Radio and Television
 Service in the continental United States and in Southeast Asia. 
During the Vietnam War, he served in Cambodia, Thailand, and Laos. 
Some of his work during this period required a Top Secret clearance, 
when each month he was flown into the demilitarized zone by helicopter
 to film classified prototype weapons systems. On returning to 
the United States, he spent a year and a half at Wright-Patterson Air 
Force Base. After leaving the Air Force in 1972, he returned to the 
University of Maryland, then in 1974, began to work at NASA’s 
Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, as a specialist 
in Missions Technical Analysis. Among the projects he was involved 
in were the International Ultra-Violet Explorer and the Apollo-Soyuz 
Test Project. 

Now retired from NASA, Bob runs his own company, Robots 
Internationale, Inc. He has pioneered the field of mobilized security 
surveillance, and as a robotics expert in field application technologies 
he has addressed the United States Chamber of Commerce in Washington
, D.C., as well as the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. He is 
listed in several Who’s Who publications as well as the International 
Book of Honor, and has acted as technology consultant to ABC News 
science editor Jules Bergman. 

As a UFO specialist, Bob Oechsler is assistant state director for the 
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) in Maryland, and he devotes much 
of his time to research, including technical analysis of photographs 
and video films. Since 1987, he has hosted a nationwide program, 
“UFOs Today,” as part of the 21st Century Radio, with Drs. Robert 
and Zoh Hieronimus. He has appeared on all the major American 
television networks, as well as on many European and Japanese programs
, and is regularly consulted by producers of documentaries on 
the subject. 

There had been no word from Admiral Inman nor any developments 
arising from the meeting in May 1988, so, at my suggestion, Bob 
reestablished contact by telephone in July 1989. In addition to reminding
the admiral of that meeting, the purpose was to seek guidance 
on our mutual research effort, the ultimate objective being to gain 
access to an extraterrestrial craft for technical research and perhaps 
public display. I was also seeking guidance on behalf of Admiral of 
the Fleet, the Lord Hill-Norton, a former British chairman of the 
NATO Military Committee and chief of the Defense Staff (a position 
comparable to that of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff), who has 
been frustrated in his efforts at penetrating the shield of official secrecy 
surrounding the subject. 

When Bob first called from his home (in my presence) on July 14, 
Inman was away on business, but Tom King, his executive assistant, 
took the message. I advised Bob to explain that the matter he wished 
to discuss involved “SCI” (Sensitive Compartmented Information), a 
term I deemed appropriate in the circumstances. King said that the 
admiral would call on his return. On July 20, at 8:00 A.M. EDT (after 
I had returned to England), Inman telephoned Bob. After excusing 
himself in order to fetch some notes (and to switch on his tape recorder
, a routine he had adopted for note-taking purposes), Bob returned
 to the phone. 

“Do you remember who I am?” he began. 
“Unfortunately I do not-I apologize,” replied Inman. 
“OK. Well, we met at the University of Maryland, Science and Technology ...” 
“I do pull out now, thank you,” said Inman. 
“I was looking for some guidance that I hoped you might be able 
to afford me, in giving some kind of direction in how I can assist in 
this project,” Bob continued. “I‘ve been spending a great deal of time 
researching the phenomenon, and technologically, I think I might 
have some very interesting things to offer. ... I certainly would like 
to get some guidance in a number of different areas. . . . On behalf 
of Admiral Lord Hill-Norton and Mr. Good, the best I can do there 
is, I have no idea what the level of security crossing countries happens 
to be. And I really don’t want to get too much involved in that end 
of it; I’ll leave that to your discretion. . . . Admiral Lord Hill-Norton 
is quite furious with his inability to gain knowledge on the issues. ... I 
had suggested to [Timothy] that the only individual I knew that 
possibly would be able to help him-if it was indeed possible to gain 
any information across country borders-would be . . . you. And I 
suggested that that contact be made.” 

“What is the general area of interest?” Inman asked. 
“Two things,” replied Bob. “One, it is my feeling from my research 
that there is a dichotomy of sorts, one in which there seems to be an 
indoctrination program to educate the public to the realities that are 
involved here. The other must be a problem relating to security measures
and the need-to-know level. I have the ability to [influence] a 
great mass of the public. I have a nationwide, regular radio broadcast 
on the subject matter. ... I am connected with all the major organizations. 
I’ve spent eighteen months investigating the Gulf Breeze situation
. ... I have focused a great deal on the technological 
end. . . . and I’ve studied a great deal of the things that have been 
going wrong along in the Chesapeake Bay, in connection with the 
Electromagnetic Continuity Analysis Center and with the EMP [Electromagnetic
 Pulse] projects.”3 

“All of those are areas in which I am vastly out of date,” Inman 
responded. “When I made the decision to retire seven years ago, I 
made a conscious decision to sever ongoing ties with the U.S. intelligence
community. I have had some exposure on limited occasions 
to some areas of activity over the succeeding seven years, when I did 
the Embassy Security Survey as a consultant to the Defense Science 
Board. But overwhelmingly, my efforts in these seven years have been 
focused on industrial competitiveness on the application of science 
and technology in the commercial world. So for many of the things- 
at least as I sort of infer from the conversation, of the interest of Mr. 
Good and Peter Hill-Norton-they are areas where, while I had some 
expertise, it’s now, you know, seven years old. And the pace at which 
things move in the field, the odds of my being accurate are increasingly 
remote, in understanding those things.” 

“Is it your understanding that there is a cultural dialogue going 
on-today?” Bob asked. 

“Well, I guess I’d have to ask, with whom? Between what parties?” 

“Well, between any of the parties that presumably are behind the 
technology in the crafts?” 

“I honestly don’t know. I have no exposure at all. So I haven’t a 
clue whether there are any ongoing dialogues or not. I’m trying to 
think who there is in the Washington area that is at least much closer 
to the issues, who might be able to at least give you some 
guidance. . . . ”

“The deputy director for Science and Technology at CIA is named 
Everett Hineman,” Inman continued. “He is in fact getting ready to 
retire in the very near future. That may make him somewhat more 
willing to have dialogues than he otherwise would have had. When I 
knew him in the period seven to ten years ago, he was a person of 
very substantial integrity and just good common sense. So, as a place 
to start, he would clearly be high on the list. In the retired community 
of those who nonetheless were exposed to the intelligence business 
and stayed reasonably close to it, there is a retired rear admiral, a 
former director of Naval Intelligence named Sumner Shapiro, who 
has been a vice president of BDM.4 I think he just retired. . . . His 
level of competence again is very high, his integrity is very high. 
Whether he has any knowledge in the areas you are working on, I 
don’t have a clue, because I don’t have any ongoing dialogue with 
him. But those are at least two thoughts for you that are there in the 
area where you are located, and who have a prospect of still having 
some currency. I don’t know that they do. In my case, I don’t have 
any.” 

“Do you anticipate that any of the recovered vehicles would ever 
become available for technological research-outside of the military 
circles?” asked Bob. 

“Again, I honesdy don’t know,” relied Inman. “Ten years ago the 
answer would have been no. Whether as time has evolved they are beginning 
to become more open on it, there’s a possibility. Again, Mr. Hineman 
probably would be the best person to put that kind of question to . . .” 


CIA HEADQUARTERS 

Bob Oechsler arranged to meet Everett Hineman at the 
Central Intelligence Agency headquarters in Langley, Virginia, on 
August 10, 1989. During a stay at his Annapolis, Maryland, home in 
October 1989, Bob related the details of this meeting to me. 

“I was escorted to a security room on the first floor when I first got 
inside the building,” he began. “They summoned for an escort from 
the Office of Science and Technology, and she took me up to the sixth 
floor, and without much delay, I found myself in the office of the 
deputy director for Science and Technology.” 

Bob had brought to the meeting a large portfolio of the extraordinary
color photographs of UFOs taken by Ed and Frances Walters 
in Gulf Breeze, Florida, which have been the subject of much controversy
since publication of their book, The Gulf Breeze Sightings: The 
Most Astounding Multiple Sightings of UFOs in U.S. History, 5 and he 
began by discussing the technology of one of the craft, gleaned from 
his extensive study of the photos, keeping a close eye on Hineman to 
observe his reactions. 

“Not only did he indicate he had no knowledge of the events in 
Gulf Breeze,” said Bob, “but he didn’t even know where it was. Visibly, 
it did not appear as though he had ever seen the pictures before, 
although I’m not sure how that could have possibly been the case. He 
had to have known, in my opinion, that the Joint Chiefs of Staff met 
at Pensacola Naval Air Station in August 1988, amidst an invasion 
of UFO activity.” 

Bob then raised the Lazar/S-4 story, discussing the alleged “antimatter
reactor” and “gravity generators.” But again, Hineman appeared
to know nothing about S-4 or Area 51. “It didn’t even seem 
to strike a chord when I said Area 51 of the Nellis test range. But 
he seemed most interested in S-4, and intrigued by my suggestion 
that the government had flying saucers-operational flying saucers at 
that. In fact, during that part of the conversation, he reached back 
over his desk and grabbed a phone and briefly chatted with his secretary
; something about arranging for transport to Las Vegas. He 
even made the comment that he was going to check it out.” 

Hineman seemed nervous throughout the meeting, Bob recalled. 

“I got the feeling he was real uneasy about the subject.” 

As well he might be. Assuming that he had any knowledge of these 
matters, Hineman would have been unlikely to disclose any sensitive 
compartmentalized information to one who did not have the requisite 
clearance. 

Bob had hoped to receive guidance on a number of related issues. 
One of his objectives, which had been proposed by the now-late Dr. 
Dan Overlade, was to try and establish a conduit for psychologists 
and scientists involved with abduction cases, so that they might gain 
some insight into the nature of the phenomenon. “The problem is 
that they have no idea of what the source of the problem is,” Bob 
explained to me. “Are we dealing with a purely psychological phenomenon, 
a physical phenomenon, or are we dealing with something 
totally outside the realm of psychiatric practice?” 

Bob expressed the hope that either verbal or documentary information
could be passed on to the investigators, or that a phone number 
could be given for them to contact those CIA personnel who were 
best informed on this aspect of the phenomenon. Hineman responded 
that he would make inquiries. 

Another of Bob’s proposals was to suggest the need for an independent
historical account to be written about the government’s involvement
in the UFO controversy, emphasizing that, in his opinion, 
the decisions that had been made and the actions that had been taken 
by the government were all justified. 

“I volunteered to conduct such a historical perspective,” Bob told 
me, “pointing out that I would need clearance to have access to all 
UFO-related activities, and that I would work closely with them in 
order to maintain accuracy in my accounting of events.” 

These may seem rather naive proposals, but it must be borne in 
mind that the meeting with Hineman had been suggested by Admiral 
Inman, one of the most well-informed people in the intelligence community, 
specifically in order that guidance could be offered. In Hineman’s case, 
it seemed that these kinds of decisions were most probably 
beyond his realm of influence. 

“The bottom line, from the forty-five minutes I spent with him, 
was that he tried to conclusively give me the impression that he didn’t 
know anything about flying saucers,” Bob said. “But he indicated that 
either he or someone else would get back to me within the next week.” 
After a reminder, Hineman called back on September 1, the day he 
was due to retire from the CIA. “I don’t see any prospects for doing 
any business on the idea that you had when you were in here,” he 
began. “I’ve done some checking with some folks, and there’s no need 
for anything along these lines; at least at this time. I thank you for 
your interest and I appreciate your coming by.” 
“Did you get out to the Las Vegas area?” asked Bob. 
“I did not myself, no.” 
“Well, then you were able to substantiate, I presume, the issues I 
was bringing up?” 
“No. I come to different conclusions than you do.” 
“Oh, really?” 
“Yes. So I thank you for your interest.” 

Bob was frustrated by the response to his proposals. “It was surprising
 that he didn’t reference the specific proposal about the psychologists”, 
 he said, “because in my opinion, that was the most 
important issue that I had raised there that I thought needed some 
action on their part, and I was somewhat disappointed that there didn’t 
seem to be anything forthcoming on that. I was also really surprised 
by his remark about the Lazar case, since I didn’t know that I’d offered 
any conclusions. All I did was offer data that was given to me, so I’m 
not sure what that was about. ...” 

In retrospect, Bob now believes that Hineman’s comment about 
S-4 might suggest that Bob Lazar was an unwitting participant in a 
plan to release information regarding the United States Government’s 
involvement with extraterrestrial hardware, perhaps as part of an elaborate
 indoctrination program. 


NAVAL INTELLIGENCE 

Bob’s two meetings with retired rear admiral Sumner 
Shapiro, the former director of Naval Intelligence, proved to be considerably
more productive. 

Shapiro’s career included two years as assistant naval attache at the 
American Embassy in Moscow (1963 to 1965) and two years as 
Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence (Office of Naval Intelligence
), in London (1967 to 1969). After serving as Assistant Chief 
of Staff, Intelligence, for the United States Atlantic Fleet, he was 
appointed deputy director of Naval Intelligence in 1976. From 1978 
to 1982, Shapiro served as director of Naval Intelligence, and on 
retirement from the Navy, he worked as a business executive with 
BDM International. 

Shapiro seemed to have knowledge that the United States was in 
possession of extraterrestrial space vehicles, and gave every indication 
of having studied one at close quarters. 

“He’s an engineer by background,” Bob told me, “and I could tell 
he had a fascination with certain aspects of the technology. He had 
‘hands-on’-there’s no question about that. He told me how they 
would take them apart, pack them up, and ship them around in trucks 
to different laboratories. He never told me specifically where things 
were taken; he was very careful about obvious breaches of security of 
[what appeared to be] classified information.” 

I asked Bob if the retired intelligence chief had confirmed the existence
of an antimatter reactor, as described by Lazar. 

“Well, I guess you could say it was confirmed, because he had a 
real fascination with [what I referred to as] the antimatter reactor and 
described to me pretty much what it looked like, and its size and 
weight. He said it was really heavy for that size. But there’s nothing 
I’ve learned so far from the people in the intelligence community that 
would tend to corroborate anything Lazar has said, other than the 
reference to the power source. 

“One of the things that was fascinating was the discovery of how 
they had the interlocking components of the craft. The whole thing 
comes apart in pieces, and apparendy when it’s locked together, it’s 
like one of those Oriental puzzles . . . everything has to be done in a 
specific sequence in order to get it to come apart. It’s a real intricate 
process of putting things together, but I suppose it’s relatively easy 
once you know how.” 

In his 1950 book Behind the Flying Saucers, Frank Scully reported 
that a craft retrieved in the United States was eventually discovered 
to be assembled in segments, which fitted in grooves and were pinned 
together around the base. The craft was ingeniously put together, he 
wrote, and great care had to be exercised when dismantling it.6 In the 
previous chapter, I referred to some information provided by Dr. 
Olavo Fontes, who learned from Brazilian naval intelligence officials 
in 1958 that at that time, six flying discs had been recovered worldwide. 
Dr. Fontes was told that three of the craft had come down in 
the United States (two of them “in very good condition”), and that 
the others had crashed in the British Isles, Scandinavia, and the Sahara 
Desert. The craft were all saucer-shaped with a cabin on top, of varying 
diameters (thirty-two, seventy-two, or ninety-nine feet), and “were 
made of a light metal which was assembled in segments that fitted in 
deep grooves and were pinned together around the base. There was 
no sign of this on the outer surface of the ships.” 

Dr. Fontes was quick to point out that although these details cor- 
related with those described by Scully, it was of course possible that 
“that book helped my Navy ‘friends’ in the description of imaginary 
discs that exist only in their minds. It could be, but it seems a remote 
possibility, under the circumstances already reported. . . .” (Fontes, 
who had been visited by the naval intelligence men following his 
meeting with an official at the Navy Ministry, was intimidated, told 
not to publish any of the information he had been given, and warned 
that he would be discredited if he did so. Interestingly, he was also 
informed that there was a regular exchange of top-secret information 
on the subject between Brazilian and American naval intelligence 
officials.)7 

I asked Bob if he had learned anything from Rear Admiral Shapiro 
regarding the alleged test flights of alien vehicles. 

“Well, I don’t think he ever made any reference to any kind of test 
flights or anything relative to operations,” he replied. “You know, I 
thought it was pushing it already as it was, and to start getting into 
questions about operational dynamics, navigational aspects and things 
like that would have been a little premature! There wasn’t really anything
discussed about the total craft or operational characteristics, 
other than the specific component operational characteristics.” 

While the first meeting with Shapiro (at a Virginia restaurant in 
late 1989) had been cordial, it was less so at the second one, which 
took place in Shapiro’s Virginia home on June 21, 1990, and concluded
rather abruptly. “To put this into perspective,” Bob explained, 
“it was evident that Shapiro had not consulted with Inman regarding 
the specifics of my research prior to our meetings. In order to draw 
a link between the technology and its nonhuman source, as one might 
ordinarily pass a business card, I displayed a small hologram of laser 
artwork depicting the head of an alien creature. Shapiro became visibly 
upset, pacing about his living room, and expressing concern about his 
failure to reach Inman for confirmation of the recommended meeting, 
and he wondered aloud why Inman had not directed me to the current 
director of Naval Intelligence. He decided to terminate the meeting 
at that point, suspecting that I was there under false pretenses.” 

At the Ozark UFO Conference held in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, 
in April 1990, Bob told me that he had invited Admiral Inman to 
give the keynote address, either in person or on video. Inman declined 
the invitation, and during the ensuing correspondence and phone calls, 
made it clear (via his executive assistant, Tom King) that any public 
discussion of the information which Bob had acquired from the former 
intelligence community directors would be in “violation of national 
secrecy laws.” It is hardly surprising, therefore, that since publication 
of the British edition of this book, all the allegations regarding alien 
vehicles in the possession of the United States intelligence community 
have been strenuously denied, and attempts have been made to discredit
Bob, and to a lesser extent, myself. 

Having acknowledged that these issues are covered by national secrecy
laws, Admiral Inman has been obliged to deny any knowledge 
of such matters. Nonetheless, he has now conceded (in a signed letter) 
that the subject matter of the conversation between himself and Bob 
Oechsler involved “unidentified flying objects.”8 

THE COSMIC JOURNEY PROJECT 

In September 1989, I received a letter from Robert Kirchgessner, 
the director of a “Special Development Group” associated 
with Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey International, a huge 
entertainment corporation run by Kenneth Feld Productions which 
is particularly well known for its circuses. Kirchgessner mentioned 
that one of his colleagues had been present at my lecture during the 
Mutual UFO Network convention in Las Vegas in July that year. 
“Our corporation is doing extensive research on the subject,” he wrote, 
“as we are involved in preparing an International Touring Presentation 
which will include accurate information as well as be entertaining. We 
would appreciate if you could let us know, as soon as possible, if we 
could meet with you and have further discussions on the UFO CoverUp
.”9 

In replying, I expressed my reservations regarding the association 
of the UFO subject with a circus company, but agreed to discuss the 
matter further. Kirchgessner’s reply came by return of post: 

Organizations, such as NASA, United States Government, 
Rockwell International, have agreed to work with our corporation
to develop the main portion of this show, the future of space 
and the technical advances predicted over the next 100 years. 
Their reluctance at first was not the fact we owned circuses, but 
on how the UFO subject is going to be tastefully handled. We 
have now satisfied their concerns. . . .10 

Following further discussion by telephone, I was invited to become 
the “Official Consultant on UFO research” to the Special Development 
Group. A personal meeting in Orlando, Florida, was a prerequisite, 
Kirchgessner said, and since I was due to visit Gulf Breeze during a 
coast-to-coast trip to the United States in the fall, I made arrangements 
to fly to Orlando on October 12. Unfortunately, difficulties with 
airline scheduling arose, allowing inadequate time for the trip, and I 
was obliged to postpone the meeting. 

On my return to England, Kirchgessner made it clear to me over 
the telephone that the exhibition program had reached a critical stage. 
“We are looking for a manner and a form to develop our UFO portion 
of this particular exhibition,” he explained, “and we are in a position 
now where we are trying to decide what is the best method to go 
forward with a postshow exhibit of five or six thousand square feet 
on UFOs, and we need to make sure that if our discussions were 
fruitful, you can be of assistance to us on this or give us a name or 
supply somebody that could help us to develop this properly.”11 

I mentioned that my friend Bob Oechsler was uniquely qualified to 
assist the group, not only because of his competence as a UFO researcher
, but also owing to his background as a NASA engineer. (I learned 
later that Jun-Ichi Yaoi, the well-known television director 
and UFO researcher, who had become involved as a consultant and 
had been asked to assist with the exhibition in Japan, had also recommended
 Bob.) Kirchgessner thanked me for the recommendation, 
and Bob contacted him later. I never heard from the Special Development
 Group again. 

As it transpired, Bob was more suitably qualified for the position 
than I, partly because of his NASA background, which had immediately
endeared him to the NASA team involved with the project. 
Perhaps his Air Force background was another contributory factor 
leading to the decision to employ him, as well as his contacts in the 
intelligence community. 

Bob and I had often discussed the various official attempts at in- 
doctrinating the public about the UFO phenomenon, which invariably 
have been aborted for one reason or another, such as the approaches 
to Robert Emenegger, Linda Howe, and Bill Moore. When I discussed 
the exhibition project with Bob, he agreed with my idea that this could 
be another such attempt. As it turned out, we were right. 

Bob met the Special Development Group in Orlando on November 
1-2, 1989, and after signing a nondisclosure agreement, was given a 
briefing on the project-known as “Cosmic Journey.” The exhibition 
was to be a review of, and a future look at, the space programs of 
the United States and the Soviet Union, and the board of advisors 
included the former astronauts Alan Bean, Eugene Cernan, Charles 
Conrad, Alexei Leonov, and Thomas Stafford. The project had the 
approval of President George Bush, Vice President Dan Quayle, and 
the National Space Council. (The Council, established under executive 
order by the President in 1989, is chaired by the Vice President, who 
serves as the President’s principal advisor on national space policy and 
strategy. Other members of the Council include the director of Central 
Intelligence, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Defense.12) 
With the cooperation of NASA and Rockwell International, the 
exhibition was to include a full-scale mock-up of the space shuttle 
orbiter (named Ambassador), a fifteen-thousand-square-foot “space 
camp,” representations of alien life-forms, a six-hundred-seat movie 
theater-in-the-round, and much factual information on UFOs displayed
in case-history kiosks. Additionally, the project was to involve 
a trilevel educational curriculum for twenty-five thousand schools in 
the United States, due to commence on January 1,1990. The traveling 
exhibition was originally scheduled to be ready in September that year. 
“Their interest in me was multifaceted,” Bob told me, “with focuses 
on my contacts in the intelligence community regarding UFOs, my 
NASA background, with particular interest in my limited involvement 
with the mechanical-arm assembly created for the shuttle project [in 
conjunction with] a Canadian firm, and a keen interest in my robotics 
expertise regarding sophisticated remote-control devices for character 
robots, of which they planned extensive use as guides for the traveling 
exhibition.” 

THE PENTAGON MEETING 

On November 13,1989, Bob reported to the Pentagon for 
a meeting with a general who was the intelligence community contact 
for the Cosmic Journey project. The security check included walking 
through an unusual type of electronic screen. Bob explained: 

It resembled an airport-security metal detector, but left me 
with a series of strange sensations, such as the feeling that I had 
just passed through a physical mesh of some sort, similar to the 
perceived feel of walking through a screened door or window, if 
one could do such a thing. There was a residual tingling sensation
experienced in the cortex area of the cerebellum, and apparently
affecting the pons area of the brain stem: both cerebellar 
hemispheres were equally affected. 

In somewhat of a groggy state, but with equilibrium pretty 
much intact, I approached the general’s office with the security 
guard. The office was not far down the corridor from the security 
station, and on the same level. . . . The general greeted me with a 
genuine smile and offered me a chair next to his expansive cherry- 
wood desk. I recognized him immediately from the photographs 
of the project team that were shown to me at the Cosmic Journey 
meeting at Orlando. 

My first remarks related to the concern I had about going 
through that machine at security. “What was that?” I asked. He 
laughed, dismissing my inquiry by saying, “That damn thing gave 
me headaches the first two weeks I was here!” 

He immediately got into a discussion about the exhibits for the 
Cosmic Journey project. He wanted to know where I was planning
to get material for the kiosks to show photographs and case 
histories of UFO events and encounters, what military archives, 
and so on. I indicated that we hadn’t come that far in the planning
and that I was hoping to get his guidance on that and other 
issues. He indicated that NASA and NPIC (the National Photographic
Interpretation Center) would be good places to start. 

(The NPIC, located in Washington, D.C., was established by the 
CIA in 1961, principally to evaluate photographs and film taken by 
spy planes and satellites, and until recently was staffed by CIA as well 
as DIA analysts. The CIA now uses its own facilities at Langley, 
Virginia, I have been informed by an agency source.) Bob continued: 

One of the more intriguing elements of the discussion involved 
an exhibit showing an alien/ET corpse. As a reference, the general 
showed me an eight- by ten-inch color photo of what appeared to 
be an alien in a cryogenic tank; a space-age-looking coffin with 
blue tube lighting inside the clear lexan cover, propped up at an 
angle so it wouldn’t look so much like a casket. It was difficult to 
see too much in the way of detail, so it’s virtually impossible to 
know if this was real, and the general didn’t enlighten me. My 
presumption was that this was something real they actually had, 
and that it had been autopsied, but I could be wrong. It looked 
like one of the so-called “gray” types, but the chin was much 
more sharply pointed than is usually described. I could see evidence
of the “bug” eyes, but there was a sort of covering over 
them. They were a darker color than the rest of the skin but you 
couldn’t tell from the two-dimensional image if they protruded 
or not. 

It seems that the general was concerned about using the real 
thing versus a mock-up, however, and he queried me at length 
about my thoughts on public perception, and whether or not the 
public would believe such an exhibit was real, or how could it be 
authenticated with official plaques of some sort. I suggested that 
a companion autopsy report with color photographs might help 
the credibility aspect. 

The idea of exhibiting an actual alien corpse was proposed 
quite seriously. As a matter of fact, I got the impression they had 
a lot of bodies to choose from! 

The general also had the same concerns about showing a real, 
versus a mock-up, craft, and tended to doubt the feasibility of altering
a real vehicle to show a cutaway view. I suggested that the 
real thing would be preferable if on-board access for the public 
could be achieved. The objective of the project was to provide 
hands-on experience and to be interactive. 

The other primary areas of discussion involved my robotics expertise
and the minor role that I played in the development of the 
space shuttle arm, which was initially designed to provide life 
support to astronauts and a diagnostic instrument for repairing 
satellites in orbit. . . . This was the genesis of a subsequent training
trip to Houston and my involvement with reconfiguring the 
shuttle arm from a zero-gravity environment to a gravity environment
[and limiting its mobility] on the shuttle mock-up-the 
centerpiece of the Cosmic Journey project. We also discussed the 
UFO preshow and theater concept. . . 

I have no doubts that he knew far more about the subject matter
than I. It was clear that he was trying to get my reaction to 
things, and I freely gave it. The single surprise was my awakening 
to the level of intelligence that I was dealing with. It had not occurred
to me that the general was perhaps tied in with the establishment
that could monitor my every move and conversation. I 
was very taken aback when he casually blurted out that since I 
was going to Dallas that weekend, he’d have someone from Cars- 
well Air Force Base meet with me. I don’t know if it was clear 
that I would be met at the airport or later during my stay, but I 
was absolutely certain that I had not made mention to anyone of 
my travel plans. . . . 

Although I had expected further contact from the general, 
there have been no further meetings or calls to date. Having a 
local area consultancy practice, the general no doubt aborted further
work on the project when the funds were halted. In fact, the 
only time I’ve heard his name mentioned was when I arrived at 
(NASA) Ellington and my orders were reviewed by the duty officer. 
I have not seen him since that meeting at the Pentagon.13 

There is no doubt, in my opinion, that Bob’s contacts with the 
intelligence community and his involvement in the Cosmic Journey 
project had made him a target for surveillance. And although the 
general’s comment had alerted him to the possibility, he was totally 
unprepared for the next development. No one from Carswell Air Force 
Base showed up in Dallas, but what occurred on the first evening 
there was so bizarre that Bob began to question his sanity. 

ALIEN INTRUSION? 

On November 17, 1989, while relaxing in a Dallas cocktail
lounge with his friend Melanie King, Bob Oechsler suddenly experienced
an almost indescribable sensation, similar to that reported 
by a witness in the Colorado ranch case (Chapter 3). Lasting no more 
than thirty seconds, the sensation began with a series of “waves” of 
energy at the back of his head, simultaneously inducing a sense of 
acute panic. “It was as if a whole range of memories, information, 
and emotions was being retrieved or generated at tremendous speed,” 
Bob tried to explain. 

Melanie, sitting beside him, felt nothing, but realized something 
was wrong by the look of panic on Bob’s face. He then became aware 
of a man standing some distance away, whom he somehow felt convinced
was responsible for the mental “intrusion.” The man appeared 
to be in his late twenties, was around six feet tall, with fair hair and 
“real clean, reddish-tanned skin,” Bob said. 

“I jumped up and pointed right at him and said. That’s him!" And 
Melanie took off toward the entrance where the guy turned to walk 
out-she ran out and caught up with him. I was really scared, just 
looking for security, like a mouse in a corner, looking for a way out. 
A little while later she came back, and I could tell from the look in 
her eyes that she was real stunned. She said she caught up with the 
man, went past him, stopped, and looked him right in the eyes. But 
he didn’t look at her; it was like she was not even there-he walked 
right past her. In fact, she was doubting herself when she came back. 
‘That can’t be,’ she said. ‘His pupils were diamond-shaped-laterally- 
you know, like a cat’s would be vertical, these were horizontal.’ ” 

The sensation in the back of Bob’s head reminded him of the security 
machine at the Pentagon, which had induced a “tingling” sensation 
at the back of his head. Was there some connection, perhaps? The 
immediate consequence of Bob’s encounter, however, was an incessant 
itching on his forehead, which lasted about thirty minutes; a sensation 
which had not occurred at the Pentagon. The impression left with 
Bob was that the man was “searching” for a certain piece of information
-and that he had retrieved it. 

On his return to Maryland, Bob began to experience severe difficulties
with his short-term memory. “I would have a telephone conversation
with somebody in the morning, for example, and they’d call 
me back about an hour later and would be referring to something 
that we had talked about an hour earlier and I had no recollection of 
even talking to this person. It got so bad that I had to record every 
single phone call. It was a frightening experience. It slowly started to 
get better after a week or so, and after ten days, I was fully back to 
normal.” 

In addition, Bob experienced temporary enhancement of perception, 
enabling him to anticipate events and read others’ thoughts. 

THE MICROGRAVITY CHAMBER 

Bob’s work with the Cosmic Journey project entailed a 
period during the second week of January 1990 when he was billeted 
at NASA Ellington Field (also known as Ellington Air Force Base), 
near the Johnson Space Center in Houston. The problem he was asked 
to assist in solving was how to reconfigure the mechanical arm in the 
shuttle, which is configured to operate in a zero-gravity environment. 
The mechanics associated with the manipulation of the arm are significantly
different in a gravity environment, he explained, and the 
project requirements dictated restricting the normal mobility of the 
manipulator arm. But first he had to get accustomed to how it works 
in a microgravity environment. 

In order to become accustomed to microgravity, Bob, together with 
some astronauts and engineers, was flown by helicopter to a NASA 
facility about twenty miles southwest of Ellington. No roads led to 
the building. On arrival, he went into what he assumed was a “clean 
room,” where dust and dirt particles were removed automatically from 
his clothes, and changed into special clothing in preparation for entry 
into another room. He had no idea what to expect. 

“I stepped through this hatch into this other room-and I was 
airborne! I mean, I took a step and-wow!-it was weird, because 
it’s like the loss of balance and equilibrium and everything. I was totally 
unprepared for this. Obviously, the astronauts had done a lot of training; 
they were so accustomed to it, and they were laughing at me. 

“The first step you take, you’re airborne, and there’s a tendency to 
fall forward. The boots you have on have a natural attraction for the 
material on the floor, but you could never use your whole foot for 
traction. You learn to skip around. It takes about fifteen minutes to 
become accustomed to the biomechanics: The muscle forces change. 
It feels almost similar to getting into a pool of water-the arms tend 
to swing out. 

“I was working on a model-a series of mechanical arms-and there 
were several different devices that measured the energy calories required
to do each motion, which were all registered on computer. 
Then you had to compute what it took to turn so many screws, and so 
on. It was essentially a workshop facility in a weightless environment.” 
No more than about eight astronauts or engineers worked on a 
variety of projects in the chamber at any one time, and sometimes 
only four, Bob told me. A biophysicist, for example, was engaged in 
working with protein crystals, possibly for developing materials used 
in superconductivity experiments. “Everyone was wearing the same 
clothing. Several of the others I knew, but they really wouldn’t let us 
talk among ourselves. It was pretty much forbidden to talk about 
anything that had to do with what we were doing.” 

The chamber was rectangular in shape, measuring about thirty feet 
long, twenty feet wide, and nine feet high. Recessed in the ceiling was 
a strange, plasmalike light, which Bob felt was responsible for generating
 microgravity. He had never heard of such a device before and 
none of his NASA contacts had ever mentioned it to him. Although 
unable to divulge certain information, Bob nevertheless assures me 
that the device employs advanced technology acquired as a result of 
studying recovered alien vehicles. “No question about it,” he said, 
“because I knew where it was being generated from, right there in 
the ceiling. You could hardly look at it for long; your eyes would start 
burning like you were in chlorine.” 

Another visit was to a bunkerlike building north of Houston, where 
Bob learned how to operate a peculiar panel that he believes must 
have come from an alien craft. “It had a series of vertical cylinders 
made of multicolored lights that terminated in a hood about four feet 
above the panel. When one inserts a hand to break the beam, and 
then raises or lowers the hand, a comparable action takes place with 
what appears to be some kind of clear-looking cylinder that resides in 
the base of the console corresponding to each beam. It was some kind 
of control panel-that was all I learned. I think it was being considered 
for use in the UFO exhibit area of Cosmic Journey.” 

THE NORAD PLATFORM 

One evening in January 1990, following his trip to the 
bunkerlike building, Bob Oechsler was invited to visit an interesting 
North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) installation
in the Gulf of Mexico. Three helicopters made the trip, of a highly 
advanced type. 

“They were black and extremely sleek,” Bob said, “with black windows
, and showed no seams. You couldn’t see where the door was 
until it popped open.” Additionally, it was relatively quiet in flight. 
“There was noise, but it was more like a humming noise, and certainly 
a lot quieter than you would get inside a commercial jet.” 

Bob believes that a highly advanced and secret type of propulsion 
system was being utilized in the helicopter, and further speculates that 
some other aircraft-such as experimental prototype versions of stealth 
planes-might likewise incorporate an auxiliary device of unconventional
type, possibly derived from the study of alien technology. 

“I was just along for the ride on this trip,” Bob explained to me, 
during a visit to London with his wife and daughter in September 
1990, which had been arranged specifically in order to clarify and 
elaborate on the details of his remarkable experiences. “The trip was 
for the benefit of two other guys, who seemed to be state-of-the-art 
radar technicians. The technology they were discussing was way over 
my head, other than that it had something to do with computer 
software configurations. The computer system they were working on 
dealt exclusively with optical fiber communications. 

“Our pilot was wearing a black jumpsuit with a white helmet, and 
on the left pocket of his jumpsuit was a black patch with a white circle 
around it, and inside it had NORAD embroidered in white. The N was 
exactly like the NASA N. We left at twilight from Ellington, flew out 
across Galveston Bay and out into the Gulf”.
The flight lasted no more than thirty-five to forty-five minutes, Bob 
estimated, which astonished him, since a distance of over five hundred 
miles had been covered. The helicopter began its descent shortly after 
passing Mobile, Alabama, and landed on what looked like an oil-rig 
platform, possibly twenty miles south of Pensacola (and of course Gulf 
Breeze), Florida. 

Our group was the first to land. The two fellows who had 
come with us were immediately whisked off down a corridor and 
we didn’t see them again. We went through a hatchway with 
NORAD written in black, on white. Inside, we went down a corridor, 
passed to the left, went down a ladderway and on to a mez- 
zanine level where you could look out over what looked like a 
very typical control room, not unlike the facilities at Johnson, 
really-a series of consoles. Everyone was dressed in black pants, 
a white shirt, and black tie, and some even had black jackets. 

There was an enormous screen that was many times the size of 
a normal cinema screen, and curved. It had a three-dimensional 
quality to it with a great deal of depth, so that in effect you could 
see up-range. They had it on what I estimate would be a thirty- 
five-degree angle. We were looking at a quadrant of the United 
States, which included the lower Gulf, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi
, and on up to about halfway up the States. I would say it 
covered roughly a third or fourth of the southeastern quadrant of 
the United States. 

It had altitude to it as well, and the entire area was covered 
with a grid that was moving: It appeared to float. On the grid 
was a “vortex” area, with a sort of “weakening” area to it, in the 
general area of Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. And it was in 
that area that I noticed a series of blips on the top of the screen 
that moved laterally to the left. There were five, as I recall, and all 
of them slipped down through this vortex, and they were labeled, 
like a typical radar screen where blips usually designate aircraft. In 
fact, there was ground movement as well, that was also coded and 
numbered. But these particular ones that were up top were all labeled
ASC. They didn’t have any specific numbers-just ASC. 

I overheard someone say, “Alternative Space Craft.” And they 
came down and spread out-all five of them. Two immediately 
went off the screen to the northwest and one came around the 
Gulf “horn,” meaning to the east, and then down to the south, 
almost as if they were following the shoreline. There was one- 
possibly two, I forget-that stopped what looked like just across 
the border of Florida into Georgia-somewhere in that area. And 
as soon as it stopped, it glowed; there was like a red glow that 
came off of it. I don’t know what that meant. There was another 
one that moved to the left... I guess over Texas-the area we 
had come from in the choppers. . . . 

I guess we were there probably about forty-five minutes. 
Shortly after that, we went into a holding room for about twenty 
minutes, waiting for the pilots to come back. And then we left 
and headed back. . . . 

“NORAD SECRET” 

The implications of the scenario described by Bob Oechs- 
ler are that NORAD keeps regular track of extraterrestrial, intelligently 
controlled vehicles, designated as “Alternative Space Craft” (ASC), 
and that these are clearly differentiated from more prosaic unidentified 
flying objects. 

NORAD has never denied that it tracks thousands of objects each 
day with the Space Detection and Tracking System (SPADATS) and 
the Naval Space Surveillance System (NAVSPASUR), and acknowledges
that a certain percentage relate to “uncorrelated observations.” 
A number of documents relating to the intrusions of UFOs over 
Strategic Air Command (SAC) bases, including nuclear missile bases 
in the United States and Canada in 1975, have been released under 
provisions of the Freedom of Information Act, but many more are 
being withheld. When Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) filed 
a request for this data in NORAD files, they were quoted a search fee 
of over $155,000!14 

More recendy, CAUS has obtained further information regarding 
NORAD’s Unknown Track Reporting System (NUTR). An extract 
from the Directory of Databases (Appendix 10) defines the scope of the 
NUTR as follows: 

The NORAD Unknown Track Reporting System records details
of all air traffic declared unknown in North America and the 
Greenland-Iceland-United Kingdom Gap. Data are used by a 
wide variety of users in NORAD, USAF, Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
Canadian NDHQ, and region commanders in a continuing assessment
 of airspace sovereignty. 

The NUTR document states that seven thousand trackings of unknown
objects had been recorded since 1971 (a nineteen-year period), 
but details are classified Secret.15 As a result of further Freedom of 
Information requests for data by Robert Todd, CAUS was informed 
by the Air Force Space Command (AFSPACECOM) in February 
1990 that no such records existed. Then in May 1990, the Air Force’s 
FOLA Manager, Barbara Carmichael, confirmed that the records did 
indeed exist, but were exempt from disclosure in the interests of national
security. 

In June 1990, W. M. McDonald, director of Freedom of Information
and Security Review for the office of the assistant secretary of 
defense, explained that a decision to release NUTR tracking records 
had been made, and Robert Todd was supplied with five examples. 
The released documents-classified “NORAD SECRET” (see Ap- 
pendix 11)-are almost completely censored, however, providing further
proof of the extreme secrecy attached to the subject.16 

LOCAL INTRUSIONS 

More surprises were in store for Bob Oechsler. On the 
early morning of January 25, 1990, he observed an unusual aerial 
object from his Maryland home. “I first saw it at a distance, then it 
moved out straight toward me over the field behind my house. After 
about thirty seconds, it took off-straight up.” 

The object looked rather like a “golf ball sitting in a dish” when at 
a distance, Bob related, and at its closest approach a kind of Celtic 
Cross was clearly visible underneath. 

On March 18, 1990, alerted by the sound of low-flying helicopters 
while working in his study, Bob went outside to take a look. One of 
the dark green helicopters circled about a hundred yards from the 
house, and appeared to be scanning the street. “It stopped, nose 
pointed down between my house and the house next door,” Bob told 
me. “They were probably waiting for clearance to land at the nearby 
Lee Airport.” He went back inside and returned to work. 

“About fifteen minutes later, I heard the doorbell ring. My wife 
and daughter had gone to the shopping mall, so I ran upstairs and 
pulled open the door. There was this big burly colonel with a big 
bushy mustache, with no hat on, and real thick hair. I got the impression
he was a little older than I am-probably fifty or late forties. He 
was wearing a dark-green fatigue-type uniform, but the material was 
a summer-type similar to what I had worn in Southeast Asia, but with 
long sleeves, which I hadn’t seen before. It had ‘U.S. Army’ embroidered
on it. There were two other guys in the driveway, but I never 
got a good look. I saw no vehicle. 

“This guy got my attention immediately. He said, ‘We’d like you 
to stand by on the report for a few days.’ I couldn’t figure what he 
was talking about, so he said, ‘We’d like you to stand by on that 
Walters report for a few days.’ So I said, I wasn’t planning on delivering
a report yet: I was planning on giving an overview this afternoon 
at a reception.’ ‘That’s OK. We’d appreciate it if you would stand by 
on that report for a few days.’ And it was still unclear as to whether 
it was OK to give the condensed synopsis or not. 

“This guy really scared me. Only Ed Walters knew what was in that 
report, which was an update on my field investigations in Gulf Breeze. 
So either my phone or Ed’s is tapped. I’m not sure what in that paper 
was of concern. Anyway, I did not release the report. ...” 

Bob waited a while after the colonel had left, then grabbed his video 
camera and three fully charged batteries, jumped in his car, and headed 
for Lee Airport, hoping to get some film of the helicopters leaving. 
As he drove up to the airfield, the video camera went dead. 

I went down the road beside the airfield, turned around, re- 
loaded the batteries, and turned the camera back on. As I turned 
to go down the flightline, the car stalled, and I stopped my camera 
to try and get the car running. Halfway down the flightline, the car 
stalled again. And then I saw a bright light down in a gully. 

It was like the sun rising up out of a valley down at the end of 
the airfield about a hundred yards away, except it was bright 
white, not yellowish. It was extremely bright, but it had kind of 
darkened areas, rather like the dimples on a golf ball, and it was 
set in a dishtype thing, and the bottom part was crystal clear, like 
a Celtic Cross-identical to the object I had seen on January 25. 
It came swooping up, not more than about thirty feet in altitude 
and twenty feet to the left of the car. At that point, the video 
went dead again, although I had changed the batteries a second 
time. So I was unable to get any videotape of it. 

It left in an arcing fashion. It moved slightly to my left, increasing
very quickly in altitude, and arced back in the direction it 
had come from-only up. And in a matter of a little more than a 
second, it was out of sight. 

Was the UFO sighting connected in any way with the helicopters 
and the colonel’s visit? Bob prefers not to speculate, though remains 
puzzled by the extraordinary series of coincidences. As for the helicopters, 
he was unable to locate them at the airfield or hear them 
taking off, so assumes they did not land there. 

A couple of hours later, Bob and his wife, Mary, drove to Virginia 
to meet with Ed Walters, who was doing a book-signing in Crystal 
City, Virginia, and yet another incident occurred that is typical in 
certain cases of UFO encounters. “We were followed the whole trip 
by a black Mercedes,” he told me. “We could never lose him. There 
was only a driver. Unfortunately, we were never close enough to determine
if he was the same guy who came to my door earlier in the day.” 

Although Bob Oechsler’s contacts with the intelligence community 
have been curtailed, for obvious reasons, he still retains several connections. 
On October 2, 1990, for example, he went to the CIA 
headquarters at Langley, Virginia, and gave, together with Dr. Bruce 
Maccabee (a United States Navy optical physicist, well known for his 
exemplary UFO research), an illustrated talk on the mysterious crop- 
field circles and pictograms that have proliferated around the world. 
The talk, arranged by the Office of Scientific and Weapons Research, 
was attended by about fifty agency personnel. 

THE END OF COSMIC JOURNEY? 

Plans for the Cosmic Journey exhibition were temporarily
shelved in early 1990, ostensibly for budgetary reasons. The project 
directors have now denied that they ever had plans to exhibit anything 
other than mock-ups of aliens or flying saucers, and state that Bob 
Oechsler was never even employed by the project. NASA, too, categorically
denies that Bob visited the places he claims to have visited. 
Given the sensational nature of Bob’s disclosures, and the high level 
of secrecy attached to this sensitive subject, such denials are perfectly 
understandable. 

On June 5, 1991, I had a brief meeting with Colonel Simon Pete 
Worden, who until recently worked for the National Space Council 
(Advanced Concepts, Science and Technology). The meeting took 
place in the council’s offices at the Old Executive Office Building 
adjoining the White House. I asked the colonel if he knew anything 
about the fate of the Cosmic Journey project, and if he was aware of 
any plans to include “extraterrestrial hardware” in the exhibition. He 
replied that he knew nothing about such plans, but would keep me 
informed if he was able to learn anything. I never heard from him. 

In February 1992,1 wrote to Vice President Dan Quayle (chairman 
of the National Space Council), requesting information on the status 
of the project, and mentioning the alleged plans to feature an extraterrestrial
body and/or craft. My main question was: “Is any part of 
the planned Cosmic Journey exhibition to be included in the forthcoming
Expo ’92 in Seville, Spain. . . ? Expo ’92 promises ‘Tomorrow
’s Technology-New Life Forms . . .’ etc.” I did not receive a reply 
from the Vice President (nor did I expect to), but my letter was 
answered by Jack Schmid, NASA Exhibits Coordinator. “There were 
plans to have the exhibition at Expo ’92,” he confirmed, “but negotiations
between Feld Productions, Inc. and a group of Spanish investors
were not successful. At that point further development of the 
exhibition was terminated. . . .”17 

THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 

A reasonable argument against the sort of claims presented
in this book is that, if NASA and other agencies already have 
proof of the existence of at least one extraterrestrial intelligence agency 
right here on Earth, why are large amounts of money spent on the 
SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) program? Certainly, if 
there is proof, the SETI program would seem to be something of an 
anachronism. The evidence suggests, however, that much larger sums 
of money are spent on top-secret extraterrestrial research (funded by 
“black” budgets), and that information about these Special Access 
Programs is highly restricted. Consequently, securing funds for the 
SETI program is relatively easy (though Congress has on several occasions
cut off NASA’s funding, then restored it). The money spent 
on SETI is a fraction of the black budget: NASA requested $12.1 
million in its fiscal 1991 appropriations bill for the SETI program, 
for example, while the fiscal 1993 Department of Defense requests 
include a total of almost sixteen billion dollars for black programs 
alone! Finally, the SETI program is entirely justified in any case, 
because there will always remain a need to search for signs of life 
and communications from the extraterrestrial intelligence community, 
which in my view is widespread throughout the universe. 

But even if contact has been established, we are still confounded by 
a bewildering diversity of sightings, landings, contacts, and abduc- 
tions. Some idea of the variety of UFO occupants reported may be 
gleaned from the following brief selection, covering the 1987/1989 
period: The small bug-eyed being wearing a type of helmet and shield, 
who harassed Ed and Frances Walters in December 1987 18; silver- 
suited humanoids seen by three witnesses in Kiev, Ukraine, in July 
1989, described as having long, golden hair and large, radiant eyes 
(and who said they took one person from Earth each day!); silver- 
suited spacemen, about nine feet tall, accompanied by a robot, going 
for a walkabout in Voronezh, Russia, observed by a considerable 
number of witnesses in September-October 1989 (the reports endorsed
by TASS and local officials); the four-foot-tall fluorescent-green 
figure inspecting a parked aircraft, seen by soldiers in Kecskemet, 
Hungary, in October 1989; ten-foot-tall figures “moving as if they 
were chess pieces,” observed by a soldier at the Tarnaszentmaria barracks
, Hungary, in November 1989; and the seven-foot-tall guy with 
a bald head and catlike eyes seen wandering around a parking lot by 
a security guard in Miami, Florida, in December 1989.19 

AN ALIEN BASE IN PUERTO RICO 

Another encounter with aliens occurred during the 
small hours of August 31, 1990, in the Laguna Cartagena, Cabo Rojo 
area of southwest Puerto Rico, where many unusual incidents have 
taken place. Ten carloads of witnesses reportedly observed five hu- 
manoids walking down a dirt road, heading in the direction of the 
Laguna Cartagena. One of the witnesses, Miguel Figueroa, pursued 
the beings in his car, but as he approached them, their eyes “lit up,” 
and he was somehow prevented from getting any closer. When the 
light dissipated, Figueroa again gave chase and managed to get a better 
look. He described the figures as skinny and gray, varying between 
three and four feet in height, with pear-shaped heads, large slanted 
eyes, long pointed ears, long arms with three fingers on each hand 
and three toes on their feet! The following day, there were reports of 
discs flying out over the Laguna Cartagena.20 

What makes these particular reports frustrating for an investigator 
such as myself is that I was actually in that very area on the afternoon 
of August 31, together with Jorge Martin and other investigators. We 
saw nothing, of course, and the reports did not come to our attention 
until later. 

Further encounters with alien creatures in the Laguna Cartagena 
area have been reported, most of which involve small beings with 
large, elongated black eyes and hardly any nose, mouth, or ears. Jorge 
has also informed me that as far back as 1956, several local residents 
reported sightings of disc-shaped, luminous craft, with translucent 
domes, entering or leaving the lagoon. In 1964, Quintin Ramirez 
began to have a series of contacts there with human-looking aliens he 
described as very tall, with long blond hair and of rather feminine 
appearance, similar to those described by a principal witness to the 
Colorado ranch incidents (Chapter 3), as well as by other contactees. 
It is rumored that an alien base is located in this vicinity and that 
liaison has been established with American military personnel. Such 
rumors are bound to circulate, given the large number of sightings, 
combined with the presence of American monitoring and communications
 stations in the area, as well as the fact that much of the land 
there-including the Laguna Cartagena-has been appropriated by the 
federal government. And according to Jorge Martin, George Bush made 
a clandestine visit to the Cabo Rojo area prior to becoming President. 
Several witnesses, including a high-ranking military officer who cannot
 be named, claim to have visited an underground alien base located 
in the Sierra Bermeja, close to the Laguna Cartagena. Carlos Manuel 
Mercado, whom I met briefly in 1990, told Jorge that in June 1988 
he was taken by the aliens to their base deep within the sierra, and 
was informed that they meant no harm but merely wanted him and 
others to know that they intended establishing more direct contacts 
with the people of the Earth; contacts that would be beneficial to both 
parties, they claimed. 

The wave of sightings in Puerto Rico in the late 1980s seems to 
have increased dramatically following a powerful explosion and earth 
tremor in the Cabo Rojo area on May 31, 1987. Cracks appeared in 
people’s houses as well as in the ground, from which a peculiar bright 
blue smoke emitted. Local residents reported sightings of unidentified 
aerial vehicles prior to and following the tremor. The Laguna Car- 
tagena area was cordoned off, and various personnel were observed 
there, most dressed in military fatigues or anticontamination suits. 
The latter could be seen collecting samples of water, soil, and plants. 
Freddie Cruz, director of the Civil Defense Agency of Lajas, whose 
observations of UFOs entering and leaving the Laguna Cartagena (as 
well as a sighting of a UFO being chased by a jet) are described in 
Chapter 1, has commented on clandestine late-night visits to the area 
by NASA trucks escorted by military jeeps. He does not accept the 
official reason that the visits are connected with the antidrug war. To 
me, there’s an alien base around here,” he told Jorge in 1992. “The 
authorities know about it, and they don’t want anyone else to. . . . ”

Although the alleged disappearance of United States Navy jets during
 close approaches to UFOs seen over this area in 1988 could have 
sinister implications, we should consider the possibility however bizarre
-that some kind of liaison with aliens has been established, and 
that the pilots survived the experience. “We know where they are,” 
Jorge was told by a Navy source. 

According to an officer stationed at the United States Army Reserve 
Base at Fort Allen, in Juana Diaz, southern Puerto Rico, shortly after 
midnight on July 18, 1990, the base perimeter was suddenly illuminated
by a powerful white light. At that moment, a high-ranking officer 
gave an order over the base intercom for everyone to stay indoors and 
not to come out of the barracks or any other base facilities under any 
circumstances. The officer, however, managed to observe the phenomenon
through a window. 

“Just over the base and a little to the south, there was a brightly lit 
disclike object,” the witness related to Jorge Martin. “It was circular 
and metallic-looking, as if it was made of aluminum. It had what 
seemed like many windows on its center edge, with yellowish-white 
lights revolving around them. At the underside of the object there 
was a round turbinelike protrusion with many colored lights around 
it, and from underneath the object came a very bright beam of pinkish- 
white light, as if searching for something. That same light was the 
one illuminating the base perimeter.” The officer was transfixed for a 
moment, not believing his own eyes. “I heard the loud sound of jet 
engines, and two jets flew at high speed over the base ... of the 
F-18 Hornet type, and were scrambled from somewhere to check on 
the UFO. As soon as the jets headed in the direction of the UFO, 
the object departed at speed to the west with the sound of rushing 
wind, followed by the jets. . . .” 

The officer also claimed that, together with other military personnel 
at Fort Allen, he had been shown several video films which left them 
in no doubt as to the reality of UFOs: 

They showed us an old black-and-white film about a UFO 
crash that supposedly happened in New Mexico many years ago. 
We all saw the craft, which was semiburied in the ground at a 
45-degree angle, and there were several bodies of the crew. According
 to what we were shown, these bodies were about five 
feet tall, thin, very pale, and had large bald heads. They had big 
round eyes and a small nose, but I don’t recall any mouths or ears. 
They also showed us another video of UFOs filmed by them 
around the island. They wanted us to know that UFOs are real, 
but they wouldn’t elaborate when asked for more details. It 
seemed to me that they wanted us to know this was real and that 
the beings were not perfect: they are fallible, their crafts crash and 
they also die. . . . Apparendy, they wanted to condition us to the 
idea that they exist, and to accept the possibility of someday having
 to [deal] with them. The officers wouldn’t say that these were 
alien crafts or anything like that, just that they were real and that 
the government is keeping a close eye on them. Finally, they told 
us that they are expecting something big; they wouldn’t explain 
what, but it had to do with all this, and if that happened we 
would have to deal with the situation-and with the public.” 

This extraordinary report was subsequently confirmed by two other 
independent military sources, who informed Jorge Martin that special 
military groups in Puerto Rico have been receiving briefings on the 
UFO situation since 1988 (when the UFO/jets incidents first occurred
). There is no doubt that something very unusual has been 
happening-and continues to happen-on that island. Just after midnight
 on March 17, 1991, for instance, a huge circular UFO hovered 
low above an electrical substation in Carraizo, Trujillo Alto, observed 
by over one hundred witnesses in the surrounding area. The object 
appeared to be drawing power from the substation, causing an extensive
 power blackout, as well as burning out the transformers and other 
equipment, causing $355,000 in damages. 21 In October 1991, I visited 
the repaired substation and spoke with a nearby witness, whom I 
found to be completely genuine. 

“I sometimes wonder,” says Jorge Martin, “if Puerto Rico has been 
selected as a place where open contact with an alien species will be 
tested, to check on the psychological and sociological reactions of such 
a contact. We must remember that Puerto Rico is a United States 
territorial possession, and it is very possible that ‘someone’ could have 
selected the island for such a test because it is under American jurisdiction
, and this would provide for a close scrutiny by the government 
on the developing situation, with the advantage of not risking the 
mainland’s citizens and any unforeseen effect that might come out of 
the experiment.”22 

CULTURE SHOCK 

Our own galaxy-one of an infinite number-is comprised
of several hundred billion stars, and statistically, it is probable 
that life has evolved on some planetary systems to the extent that space 
travel and colonization are commonplace. In assuming that the lifetime 
of advanced civilizations is ten million years, science writer Ian Ridpath 
has speculated that there could be as many as one million advanced 
civilizations “like ourselves or more advanced” in our galaxy, and 
surmises that the main interest of an old and advanced civilization 
may be in the “developing creatures of the Galaxy, as the anthropologists
 of the Western world are increasingly fascinated by the stone- 
age societies that remain on Earth.”23 Dr. Bernard Oliver, of NASA’s 
SETI project, has remarked on the possibility that an “interconnecting 
galactic community of advanced cultures already exists.”24 

Although some astronomers and exobiologists concur that we may 
have been visited in the distant past, and are certain to be visited in 
the future, present-day visits are out of the question. The logic of such 
reasoning escapes me. 

The fact that contact has been restricted to relatively few people so 
far, rather than being on a wide scale, may be for a number of sound 
reasons-not least of which the cultural shock that would be engendered. 
“For us this could hold more danger than the combination of 
nuclear arms, energy shortages, overpopulation, dwindling resources 
and pollution,” believes Edward Ashpole, author of The Search for 
Extraterrestrial Intelligence.25 

Some visitors may not want us to know what they are doing here, 
and in any event, can probably go about their business with none of 
us any the wiser (particularly if they are able to function in another 
dimension!). It is therefore likely that those who have been contacted 
are fed a certain amount of false information. Disinformation could 
well be an inevitable consequence of contact. 

Others may be so advanced, technologically, culturally, and spiritually
, that contact with our relatively retarded species might be seen 
as disadvantageous to both parties. In this regard, the comments made 
by Daniel Fry’s alleged extraterrestrial friend in 1949 are worth recounting. 
“We will never attempt to thrust either our knowledge or 
our culture upon your people,” he said, “and we will never offer it 
unless there is substantial evidence that they desire it, and that it would 
be advantageous to them. There is certainly no such evidence at the 
present time. 

“It is also true that the purpose of this visit is not entirely philan- 
thropic, since there are some materials upon your planet which we 
could use to the advantage of both our peoples; materials which you 
have in abundance but which are rather scarce elsewhere in this solar 
system. While the use of some of these materials would be of assistance 
to us, our services to your people will not be made contingent upon 
such use. Any knowledge or aid which we can give will be freely 
offered. . . . ”

“If we took steps to force the acceptance of our reality upon their 
consciousness,” Fry was told, “about 30 percent of the people would 
consider us as gods, and could attempt to place upon us all responsibility
 for their welfare. This is a responsibility we could not be 
permitted to assume, even if we were able to discharge it, which of 
course, we are not. Most of the remaining 70 percent would adopt 
the belief that we were potential tyrants or dictators, who were planning
to enslave their world, and many would begin to seek means to 
destroy us.”26 

Regardless of whether or not we believe Daniel Fry's contact story 
to be pure fiction, the sentiments expressed by the alleged extraterrestrial
 accord well with some modern-day thinking. The perceptive 
writer Michael Michaud, former director of the Office of Advanced 
Technology at the United States Department of State, for example, 
points out that we are likely to project our hopes, fears, and prejudices 
on to a hypothetical alien culture. “At one extreme,” he writes, “we 
think of aliens as altruistic teachers, who will show us the road to 
survival, wisdom and prosperity, or God-like figures who will raise 
humanity from its fallen condition. At the other, we see the aliens as 
implacable, grotesque conquerors whose miraculous but malevolently 
applied technology can only be overcome by simple virtues. ...” 

Michaud goes on to speculate that contact would probably cause 
many people to attribute events to alien intervention, citing the present 
cultural response to the UFO phenomenon as an example.27 And in 
discussing other problems of contact, Michaud also comes remarkably 
close to the truth, as I see it. He reasons that individual nations or 
special interest groups might try to conduct exclusive dialogues with 
the aliens in order to exploit the contact, and continues: 

Political and governmental leaders would be concerned about 
the impact that contact could have on their populations, and 
might try to let through only those ideas they considered safe. 
National security policy-makers might argue for classification of 
the contact and the information received. Some scholars, particularly
those personally involved in the first contact, might be 
equally possessive about the information and the channel, especially
if they distrusted governments and held a low opinion of 
the general population.28 

As Bob Lazar stresses, although advanced alien technology could 
be put to use for the benefit of all, the same technology could equally 
well be used for destructive purposes, such as the construction of a 
superbomb. 

Michael Michaud foresees another problem relating to the acquisition
of alien technology: that it could undermine our “spirit of 
invention and independent initiative, forcing massive readjustment 
and unemployment, and threatening existing economic institutions.”29 
I take the view that those few within governments who are aware 
of the situation are acting in our best interests by gradually presenting 
the information in such a way that it will lessen the political, economic, 
religious, and psychological shock. But eventually, the ultimate secret 
will be revealed. 

“The truth about UFOs may be painful for us to face, and this 
might provide a continuing rationale for the government to maintain 
secrecy,” says the astrophysicist Dr. Brian O’Leary. “But the truth will 
and must be known eventually. Continuing our denials and fears, in 
my opinion, [is] only adding to the problem. We are all in this 
together.”30 

The evidence available to me suggests that we are being visited by 
a number of extraterrestrial groups.31 Some could be here for less than 
benign purposes, others perhaps visiting as anthropologists or even 
tourists. But it seems logical that some groups, motivated by a vested 
interest in the survival of our planet and its species, have established 
contact with a relatively small number of our people, partly perhaps 
to lend us a helping hand as we reach, falteringly, toward the stars. 

Let us hope that the advantages of contact will ultimately outweigh 
the disadvantages, leading to a more complete and profound understanding
of our place in the universal scheme. 


=======================================================================
NOTES 

CHAPTER 1. AERIAL CONFRONTATION 

1. Interview with the author, February 16, 1990. 
2. Letter from Dr. Richard Haines to the author, October 4, 1990. 
3. Manual of Air Traffic Services, Part 1, Amendment 31, July 5, 1984. 
4. Interview with the author, May 6, 1988. 
5. Izvestia, March 26 and April 2, 1990. 
6. Timothy Good, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up (New 
York: Quill/William Morrow, 1988), pp. 175-81. 
7. Jorge Martin, “U.S. Jets Abducted by UFOs in Puerto Rico,” The UFO 
Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1990), 
pp. 192-204. 
8. Letter from Rear Admiral David N. Rogers, U.S. Navy Deputy Assistant 
Chief of Naval Operations (Air Warfare), to Congressman J. J. Pickle, 
House of Representatives, July 10, 1990. 
9. Martin, op. cit. 
10. Investigative Directive No. 1-91, from Jose A. Nolla, director, State 
Agency of Civil Defense, U.S. Commonwealth State of Puerto Rico, to 
the Inspector General, the head of Government Operations, the head of 
Geographical Intelligence, the coordinator of Operational Areas, the 
coordinator of Special Areas, October 7, 1991. 
11. Workers Tribune, Moscow, April 19, 1990. 
12. Ibid., October 20, 1990. 
13. Published by FSR Publications, P.O. Box 162, High Wycombe, Bucks, 
HP13 5DZ, Eng. 
14. Soviet Youth, May 4, 1990. 
15. Marie-Therese de Brosses, “A UFO on the F-16’s Radar,” Paris Match, 
July 5, 1990 (trans. Gordon Creighton). 
16. Tom Walker, “Could Be It’s Full of Martians Hoping to Get In on 
1992,” Wall Street Journal, October 5, 1990. 
17. Lucy Kellaway, “Flying Triangle Has Belgians Going Round in Circles,” 
Financial Times, April 18, 1990. 
18. Good, op. cit., p. 49. 
19. Memo from Flight Lieutenant C. P. B. Russell, for Senior Air Staff 
Officer, Headquarters No. 11 Group, December 16, 1953. 
20. Good, op. cit., pp. 31-2. 
21. Letter to Nicholas Redfern from the Public Record Office, Kew, September 21, 1990. 
22. Interview with the author, October 4, 1990. 
23. Letter to Andrew Mitchell, MP, from Michael Neubert, Parliamentary 
Under-Secretary of State for Defense for the Armed Forces, Ministry of 
Defense, London, April 19, 1989. 
24. Letter from Olavo Fontes, M.D., to Coral Lorenzen, February 27, 
1958. 
25. Good, op. cit., pp. 79-96. See also Jenny Randles, Prom Out Of The 
Blue: The Incredible UFO Cover-Up at Bentwaters NATO Air Base (Global 
Communications, Box 753, New Brunswick, NJ 08903). 
26. Statement by John Lear, December 29, 1987, revised March 25, 1988. 
27. Budd Hopkins, Missing Time: A Documented Study of UFO Abductions 
(New York: Richard Marek, 1981); Intruders: The Incredible Visitations 
at Copley Woods (New York: Random House, 1987). Another important 
book is Secret Life: Firsthand Accounts of UFO Abductions by David M. 
Jacobs, Ph.D. (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1992). 


CHAPTER 2. A QUESTION OF NEED? 

1. Linda Moulton Howc. An Alien Harvest, 1989 (Linda Moulton Howe 
Productions, P.O. Box 538, Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006-0538), p.2; 
Gene Duplantier, The Night Mutilators, 1979 (SS&S Publications, 17 
Shetland St., City of North York, Willowdale, Ont. M2M 1X5, Can.), 
p. 30. 
2. Howe, op. cit., pp. 2-5. 
3. Duplantier, op. cit. 
4. Letter to the author from Raymond C. Ingraham, July 22, 1988. 
5. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, The Hynek UFO Report (London: Sphere Books, 
1978), pp. 193-95. 
6. Charles Harpster, “Burgeoning Losses Bring FBI into Rustler’s Probe,” 
The Des Moines Register, Iowa, April 19, 1973. 
7. Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, September 24, 1975. 
8. Newsweek, September 30, 1974. 
9. Howe, op. cit., p. 22. 
10. Ibid., p. 23. 
11. Tommy Roy Blann, “The Mysterious Link Between UFOs and Animal 
Mutilations,” UFO Report, Vol. 3, No. 1, April 1976, pp. 70-72. 
12. New Mexico State Police Report, December 15, 1976. 
13. Ibid., July 31, 1978. 
14. Howard Burgess and Lovola Burgess, “Close Encounter at the Old 
Corral,” True UFOs and Outer Space Quarterly, Summer 1979, pp. 28- 
33; Jim Lorenzen, Cattle Mutilations-The UFO Connection, APRO 
Symposium, San Diego, November 16-18, 1979; Larry Statser, “Cattle 
Mangled by UFOs?” Amarillo Globe News, May 1979. 
15. Statser, op. cit. 
16. Burgess and Burgess, op. cit. 
17. Letter to the FBI director from Kenneth M. Rommel, Jr., director, 
Animal Mutilation Project, Office of the District Attorney, First Judicial 
District, Espanola, NM, March 5, 1980. 
18. Ibid. 
19. APRO Bulletin, Vol. 28, No. 11, 1980, Vol. 30, No. 4, 1982. 
20. William Barnhill, Bob Pratt, and David Wright, “FBI Joins Investigation 
of Animal Mutilations Linked to UFOs,” National Enquirer, June 5, 
1979. 
21. Thomas R. Adams, The Choppers-and the Choppers, 1980 (Project 
Stigma, P.O. Box 1094, Pans, TX 75460). 
22. Howe, op. cit., p. 46. 
23. Ibid., pp. 35-6, 43. 
24. Dorothy Aldridge, “Do UFOs Fly in Colorado?” Gazette Telegraph, 
Colorado Springs, April 24, 1977. 
25. Howe, op. cit., p. 36. 
26. Barnhill, Pratt, and Wright, op. cit. 
27. Bill Jackson, “Mutilations-Predators ... or UFOs?” Greeley Tribune, 
Greeley, CO, November 2, 1980. 
28. Howe, op. cit., pp. 44-5. 
29. Burgess and Burgess, op. cit. 
30. William L. Moore, UFOs and the U.S. Government (Part 1), MUFON 
Symposium, Las Vegas, July 1, 1989 (William L. Moore Publications, 
4219 W. Olive, Suite 247, Burbank, CA 91505). 
31. Timothy Good, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up (New 
York: QuilFWilliam Morrow, 1988), pp. 303-5. 
32. Howe, op. cit., pp. 83-84. 
33. Arizona Wildcat, University of Arizona, September 14, 1982. 
34. A Strange Harvest, videotape, 1980 (Linda Moulton Howe Productions, 
P.O. 538, Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006-0538). 
35. Linda Moulton Howe, “1989-The Harvest Continues,” The UFO Report
 1991, ed. Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1990). 
36. Linda Moulton Howc. An Alien Harvest, pp. 94-103. 
37. Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas, April 20, 1989. 
38. Science Digest, October 1983. 
39. Andrew Garber, “Mutilated Cattle Baffle Idaho Ranchers, Police,” The 
Idaho Statesman, Boise, June 10, 1990. 
40. Good, op. cit., pp. 136-9. 


CHAPTER 3. COLORADO BREAKTHROUGH 

1. Dr. John S. Derr and Dr. R. Leo Sprinkle, “Multiple Phenomena on a 
Rocky Mountain Ranch,” AFRO Bulletin, Vol. 27, Nos.1-7, 1978-79. 
2. Letter to the author from Dr. Leo Sprinkle, July 18, 1990. 


CHAPTER 4. ALIEN LIAISONS 

1. Information supplied to the author by William Moore. 
2. Flying Saucers at Edwards AFB, 1954 (Borderland Sciences Research 
Foundation, P.O. Box 429, Garberville, CA 95440-0429); Charles Ber- 
litz and William Moore, The Roswell Incident (London: Granada, 1980), 
pp. 119-28. 
3. Valor magazine, October 9, 1954, and confirmed to the author by Desmond
Leslie. 
4. John Picton, “Eisenhower Was Visited by UFO, British Lord Claims,” 
Toronto Star (undated, but story confirmed to the author by Lord 
Clancarty). 
5. “Anchor” [Ann Grevler]: Transvaal Episode, (Corpus Christi, TX: The 
Essene Press, 1958), pp. 19-21. 
6. Gordon Creighton, “The UFO Landings at Voronezh,” The UFO Report 
1991, ed. Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1990), pp. 
67-8. 
7. Timothy Green Beckley, MJ-12 and the Riddle of Hangar 18, 1989 
(Inner Light Publications, P.O. Box 753, New Brunswick, NJ 08903), 
pp. 13-14. 
8. Letter to Ambassador Griffith, Mission of Grenada to the United Na- 
tions, from L. Gordon Cooper, Col. USAF (Ret.), Astronaut, November 9, 1978. 
9. Letter to Lou Zinsstag from Waveney Girvan, September 17, 1962. 
10. Letter to Lou Zinsstag from John Lade, July 11, 1963. 
11. Ian Ball, “Flying Saucer Seen by Down-to-Earth Carter,” The Daily 
Telegraph, London, June 2, 1976. For further information on Carter’s 
attempt to reopen official investigations, see Above Top Secret. 
12. Interviews with the author, August 1976. 
13. The Reagan sighting was first mentioned in Landslide: The Unmaking 
of the President, by Jane Mayer and Doyle McManus (London: Collins, 
1988), p. 402; and a follow-up report, based on interviews with Bill 
Paynter and Norman Miller, appeared in an article by Alan Smith and 
Ken Potter in the National Enquirer, October 11, 1988. 
14. Information supplied to the author by Michael Luc km an. 
15. Fred Barnes, “Reagan Reaps Arms-control Harvest,” The Plain Dealer, 
Cleveland, October 11, 1987. 
16. Speech by Mikhail Gorbachev at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Moscow, 
February 16, 1987, published in Soviet Life (supplement), May 1987, 
p. 7A. 
17. Travis Walton, The Walton Experience (New York: Berkley, 1978), pp. 105-26. 
18. ABC News, November 18, 1975. 
19. Interview with the author, October 24, 1978. 
20. Walton, op. cit., pp. 160-1. 
21. Wendelle C. Stevens and William J. Herrmann, UFO: Contact from 
Reticulum, 1981 and 1989 (UFO Books, Box 1053, Florence, AZ 
85232). 
22. APRO Bulletin, Vol. 24, No. 12, 1976. 
23. Charles Berlitz and William Moore, The Philadelphia Experiment: Project 
Invisibility (London: Souvenir, 1990), pp. 173-7. 
24. Interview with Michael Packer, WOAI Radio, San Antonio, 1978; interview
with the author, May 5, 1980. 
25. Interview with the author, May 6, 1980. 
26. Neues Europa, January 1, 1959. 
27. Robin Collyns, Did Spacemen Colonise the Earth? (London: Pelham 
Books, 1974), p. 236. 
28. Bob Pratt, “Disturbing Encounters in North-East Brazil,” The UFO 
Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1990), 
pp. 117-18. 
29. Jacques Vallee, Confrontations: A Scientist’s Search for Alien Contact (New 
York: Ballantine, 1990). 
30. Gordon Creighton, “The Amazing Case of Antonio Villas Boas,” The 
Humanoids, ed. Charles Bowen (London: Neville Spearman, 1969), pp. 
200-38. 


CHAPTER 5. HARDWARE 

1. Leonard Stringfield, “UFO Crash/Retrievals: Is the Cover-Up Lid Lifting
?” The UFO Report, ed. Timothy Good (New York: Avon Books, 
1991) . (Leonard Stringfield’s six status reports on UFO crash/retrievals 
are available from the author at 4412 Grove Ave., Cincinnati, OH 
45227); William Moore, Crashed UFOs: Evidence in the Search for Proof 
1985 (William L. Moore Publications, 4219 W. Olive, Suite 247, Burbank
, CA 91505); William Steinman and Wendelle Stevens, UFO Crash 
at Aztec, 1987 (UFO Books, P.O. Box 1053, Florence, AZ 85232). 
2. The latest books on the 1947 New Mexico crashes: Kevin D. Randle 
and Donald R. Schmitt, UFO Crash at Roswell (New York: Avon, 1991); 
Stanton T. Friedman and Don Berliner, Crash at Corona: The U.S. Military
 Retrieval and Cover-Up of a UFO (New York: Paragon House, 
1992) . 
3. Charles Berlitz and William Moore, The Roswell Incident (London: Granada
, 1980), pp. 67-72. 
4. Letter to Lee Graham from Dr. Jesse Marcel, October 21, 1981. 
5. Leonard Stringfield, op. cit.; Stan Gordon, “The Kecksburg UFO 
Crash JMUFON UFO Journal, Nos. 257-8, September-October 1989; 
Stan Gordon and Vicki Cooper, “The Kecksburg Incident,” UFO, Vol. 6. 
No. 1, January-February 1991. 
6. Frank Scully, Behind the Flying Saucers (New York: Henry Holt, 1950), 
p. 137. 
7. Letter to the author from Lieutenant Colonel Robert F. Bowker, USAF 
(Ret.), November 22, 1987. 
8. Charles Berlitz and William Moore, op. cit., pp. 57-63. 
9. Interviews with the author, January-March 1988. 
10. Interview with the author, April 6, 1990. 
11. Randle and Schmitt, op. cit. 
12. Mike O’Brian, “Noted Expert Finds Account Convincing,” The News- 
Leader, Springfield, MO, December 9, 1990. 
13. Just Cause, P.O. Box 218, Coventry, CT 06238. 
14. The Journal, Alexandria, VA, July 9, 1987. 
15. Letter to William Steinman from Dr. Robert Sarbacher, Washington 
Institute of Technology, Palm Beach, FL, November 29, 1983 (reproduced
 in Above Top Secret). 
16. Timothy Good, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up (New 
York: QuilFWilliam Morrow, 1988) p. 397. 
17. Ibid., p. 414. 
18. Summary Report, September 19, 1990 (Fund for UFO Research Inc., 
P.O. Box 277, Mt. Rainier, MD 20712). A videotape produced by 
the Fund, “Recollections of Roswell (Part 2),” includes the testimony 
of twenty-eight individuals who relate their involvement in the New 
Mexico retrievals of July 1947. 
19. Interviews with the author, December 1990. 
20. Letter to the author, June 27, 1990. 
21. William E. Burrows, Deep Black: The Secrets of Space Espionage (London: 
Bantam, 1988), p. 190. 


CHAPTER 6. PROJECT AQUARIUS 

1. Linda Moulton Howc. An Alien Harvest, 1989 (Linda Moulton Howe 
Productions, P.O. Box 538, Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006-0538), pp. 
137-42; Jerome Clark, “UFO Crashes,” Fate, January-June 1988; interviews
 with the author. 
2. Howe, op. cit., p. 140. 
3. Robert Emenegger, UFOs Past, Present and Future (New York: Ballantine
Books, 1974), pp. 127-9. 
4. UFO Cover-Up?Live, prod. Michael Seligman, dist. Lexington Broadcast 
Service (LBS), October 14, 1988. 
5. Howe, op. cit., pp. 143-55. 
6. Letter to Barry Greenwood from Richard C. Doty, March 3, 1988. 
7. Howe, op. cit., p. 147. 
8. William L. Moore and Jaime H. Shandera, The MJ-12 Documents: An 
Analytical Report, 1990 (The Fair Witness Project, 4219 W. Olive, Suite 
247, Burbank, CA 91505). 
9. The text of this document was first published in its entirety (with mis- 
spellings corrected) in UFO magazine, Vol. 7, No. 1, 1992, pp. 8-10. 
I have included a few of the original misspellings. 
10. The mysterious “green fireballs” that have been reported over the years 
are predominantly luminous green aerial objects of various sizes, moving 
at various speeds, and sometimes exhibiting erratic flight patterns. An 
increase in sightings in the American Southwest in the late 1940s led 
to official investigations: see Timothy Good, Above Top Secret: The 
Worldwide UFO Cover-up (New York: Quill/William Morrow, 1988). 
See also “Green Fireballs,” by Erich A. Aggen, Jr., MUFON UFO Journal
, No. 271, November 1990. 
11. Moore and Shandera, op. cit. 
12. From Barry Greenwood’s notes on Peter Gersten’s meeting with Richard 
C. Doty, January 1983. 
13. Letter to Shlomo Arnon from Senator Barry Goldwater, March 28,1975 
(reproduced in Above Top Secret, frontispiece). 
14. Stanton T. Friedman, Final Report on Operation Majestic 12, 1990 (Fund 
for UFO Research, P.O. Box 277, Mt. Rainier, MD 20712; also available 
from the author at 79 Pembroke Crescent, Fredericton, N.B., Can., E3B 
2V1). 
15. Robert Hastings, The MJ-12 air: Facts, Questions, Comments (published
 privately); numerous articles by Barry Greenwood in Just Cause 
(Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), P.O. Box 218, Coventry, CT 
06238); Philip J. Klass, “New Evidence of MJ-12 Hoax,” The Skeptical 
Inquirer, Vol. 14, No. 2, Winter 1989, pp. 135-40 (Box 229, Central 
Park Station, Buffalo, NY 14215); Joe Nickell and John Fischer, “The 
Crashed Saucer Forgeries,” International UFO Reporter, Vol. 15, No. 2, 
March-April 1990 (J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies, 2457 W. 
Peterson Ave., Chicago, IL 60659). 
16. Grant Cameron and T. Scott Crain, Jr., UFOs, MJ-12 and the Government
: A Report on Government Involvement in UFO Crash Retrievals (Mutual
 UFO Network, Inc., 103 Oldtowne Rd., Seguin, TX 78155-4099). 
17. William L. Moore, “UFOs and the U.S. Government: Part IV,” Focus, 
Vol. 5, Nos. 1-3, March 1990, p. 18 (Fair Witness Project, 4219 W. 
Olive, Suite 247, Burbank, CA 91505). 
18. Howard Blum, Out There: The Government’s Secret Quest for Extrater- 
restrials (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1990), pp. 265-7. 
19. Letter to Robert Hastings from Richard C. Doty, March 20, 1989. 
20. Leonard Stringfield, “UFO Crash/Retrievals: Is the Cover-Up Lid Lifting
?” The UFO Report, ed. Timothy Good (New York: Avon, 1991), 
p. 181. Stringfiekfs six status reports on UFO crash/retrivals are available 
from the author (4412 Grove Avenue, Cincinnati, OH 45227). 
21. Robert Hastings, op. cit. 
22. Interview with the author, September 13, 1990. 
23. Interview with the author, July 12, 1989. I would like to take this 
opportunity to apologize to Colonel Coleman and the United States Air 
Force for inadvertent misrepresentation in Above Top Secret on p. 289 
(QuillAVilliam Morrow edition). Air Force Manual 190-4 does not include
 the following paragraph: “By this order, the Secretary of Air Office 
of Information must delete all evidence of UFO reality and intelligent 
control, which would, of course, contradict the Air Force stand that 
UFOs do not exist. The same rule applies to A.F. press releases and 
UFO information given to Congress and the public.” This error was 
due to my confusing the quotation marks in the NICAP Bulletin of 
August 1962. The above information was allegedly supplied by Colonel 
Coleman in a letter to Kurt Zeissig, a former NICAP member. Bill 
Coleman has denied knowledge of this letter, however. Owing to circumstances
 beyond my control (as Coleman is aware), these corrections 
were not included in the second and current Morrow edition. 

24. Memorandum from Brigadier General C. H. Bolender, deputy director 
of Development DCS/Research and Development, USAF, October 20, 
1969. 
25. James Neilson (pseudonym), “Secret U.S./UFO Structure,” UFO, Vol. 
4, No. 1, January-February 1989. 
26. Interestingly, prior to the UFO Cover-Up? Live program, Robert Collins 
(almost certainly “Condor”) wrote to French astronomer Daniel Bon- 
neau at the Calern Observatory, requesting information on Zeta Reticuli 
1 and 2. “It is clear that these stars are not binaries,” Bonneau responded 
in April 1988. “Our last observations by speckle interferometry fail to 
confirm the close companion of Zeta 2 Reticuli. ...” (See Cameron and 
Crain, op. cit., in which Bonneau’s letter is reproduced.) 
27. Good, op. cit., pp. 303-5. 
28. UFO Cover-Up?Live, and interviews with “Falcon” conducted by William 
Moore and Jaime Shandera (latter on videotape: William Moore, 4219 
W. Olive, Suite 247, Burbank, CA 91505). 


CHAPTER 7. DREAMLAND 

1. The two squadrons of F-117A Nighthawk aircraft based at the Tonopah 
Test Range Airfield were relocated to Holloman AFB, New Mexico, in 
1992. For fascinating information on the F-117, Groom Lake, and 
Tonopah, see Bill Sweetman and James Goodall, Lockheed F-117A: Operation
 and Development of the Stealth Fighter (Motorbooks International, 
729 Prospect Ave., Osceola, WI 54020); and James Goodall, F-117 
Stealth in Action (Squadron/Signal Publications, 115 Crowley Dr., Car- 
rollton, TX 75011-5010). 
2. James Goodall (writing as “A1 Frickey”), “Stealth-and Beyond,” Gung- 
Ho magazine, February 1988, pp. 38-43. 
3. Letter to the author from James Goodall, February 9, 1990. 
4. Jim Shults, “Stealth-and Beyond,” Gung-Ho, February 1988, p. 43. 
5. Letter from Mike Hunt to David Dobbs, April 20, 1980. 
6. William S. Steinman and Wendelle C. Stevens, UFO Crash at Aztec: A 
Well-Kept Secret, 1986 (UFO Photo Archives, P.O. Box 17206, Tucson, 
AZ 85710), pp. 426-7. 
7. Report by Tom Adams on file. 
8. Robert F. Dorr (writing as “Rufus Drake”), “Air Force Tests Captured 
Saucer-Also Flies Own\” Ideal’s UFO Magazine, No. 3, 1978. 
9. Letter to the author from Robert F. Dorr, February 27, 1990. 
10. Letter to the author from Robert F. Dorr, January 26, 1990. 
11. Memorandum from W. E. Lexow, Chief of the Applied Science Division, 
Office of Scientific Intelligence, CIA, October 19, 1955. 
12. Robert F. Dorr, op. cit. 
13. Ideal’s UFO Magazine, No. 4, 1978. 
14. Steinman and Stevens, op. cit., pp. 568-9. 
15. Ibid., pp. 383-4. 
16. Ibid., pp. 384-5. 
17. KLAS-TV, Channel 8, November 1989 (P.O. Box 15047, Las Vegas, 
NV 89114). 
18. Hearing before the House Subcommittee on Public Lands and National 
Parks of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs, House of Representatives
, August 6, 1984. 
19. Public Hearing for Renewal of Groom Mountain Range Land Withdrawal
, Alamo, Nevada, November 20, 1985. 
20. Focus, Vol. 5, Issues 3-5, March 31, 1991 (Fair Witness Project Inc., 4219 W. Olive, 
Suite 247, Burbank, CA 91505). 
21. Bodi the Black Manta and the Shadow (as well as the Aurora project 
spy plane) are believed to have been deployed during the Gull War. 
22. In 1989, Bob Lazar revealed that the Lockheed SR-71 replacement 
aircraft (code-named Aurora) has a liquid methane propellant and requires
the entire three-mile runway at Groom Lake to take off. It sounds 
like a continuous explosion,” he reported-a description subsequently 
confirmed by independent witnesses. He was told that the aircraft can 
fly as high as two hundred and fifty thousand feet and at speeds of up 
to Mach 10, although aviation experts have arrived at more conservative 
estimates. 
23. Aviation Week & Space Technology, October 1, 1990, p. 20. 
24. William F. Hamilton III, “Flying Wings and Deep Desert Secrets,” 
MUFON UFO Journal, No. 271, November 1990. 
25. UFOs: The Best Evidence? KLAS-TV, Channel 8, Las Vegas, 1990. 
26. No further information is available about the alleged Soviet participation 
in, or knowledge of, the disc program, but it is possible that such an 
exchange of information took place during the 1980s, when Soviet scientific
 and military personnel were invited to visit various facilities in 
the American Southwest. In early 1988, for instance, a delegation of 
Soviet scientists visited the Nevada Test Site to observe typical preparations
 for a nuclear test, and on August 17 that year, the first stage of 
the Joint Verification Experiment (an agreement designed to slow down 
the arms race by sharing details of the yield of nuclear explosions) was 
conducted by American and Soviet scientists and technicians at the test 
site, when a nuclear weapon was detonated 2,020 feet beneath Pahute 
Mesa (as reported by Ginny McNeill of EG&G’s Reynolds Electrical 
and Engineering Company in EGG Ink, Issue 2, 1988). 
27. Interview on KLAS-TV, Channel 8, Las Vegas, March 1989. 


CHAPTER 8. ALIEN TECHNOLOGY? 

1. EGG Ink, Issues 4/1979, 1/1984. 
2. Vol. 5, Issues 10-12, December 31, 1990, Fair Witness Project 
Inc., 4219 W. Olive, Suite 247, Burbank, CA 91505. 
3. Interview with the author, June 22, 1992. 
4. Private videotape made available by Gene Huff. 
5. Focus, Vol. 5, Issues 10-12, December 31, 1990. 
6. Admiral Stansfield Turner, Secrecy and Democracy: The CIA in Transition 
(London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1986), p. 46. 
7. William E. Burrows, Deep Black: The Secrets of Space Espionage (London: 
Bantam, 1988), pp. 22-3. 
8. Meier’s photographs can best be seen in UFO: Contact From the Pleiades, 
Vols. I and II (Genesis III Publishing Inc., P.O. Box 32067, Phoenix, 
AZ 85064); Gary Kinder, Light Years: An Investigation into the Extraterrestrial
 Experiences of Eduard Meier (New York: Atlantic Monthly 
Press, 1987) also includes a few of the photos. I remain unconvinced 
by much of Meier’s material, but do not doubt that he has had some 
genuine experiences and that some of his photos could be authentic. When 
I first spoke with him in 1965 (having heard about him in India the 
previous year), he seemed sincere, but on meeting him at his home in 
Switzerland in 1977 and examining the evidence that he had since accumulated
 (including film and photos), I became suspicious. 
9. Many contactees, the most notable being George Adamski, have reported 
a central column running down the center of flying discs. A more recent 
example is that reported to me by Alfred Burtoo, who in 1983 claimed 
to have been taken aboard a craft in Aldershot, England: see Timothy 
Good, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up (New York: Quill/ 
William Morrow, 1988). 
10. Letter to the author, November 1, 1987. 
11. Letter to Coral Lorenzen from Olavo Fontes, M.D., February 27, 1958. 
12. The Lazar Tape (Tri-Dot Productions, 1324 S. Eastern, Las Vegas, NV 89104). 
13. M. G. Millis, “Exploring the Notion of Space Coupling Propulsion,” 
Vision 21: Space Travel for the Next Millenium, NASA/Lewis Research 
Center, April 1990, pp. 307-16. 
14. Adrian Berry, “Time Travel May Be Possible Via Worm Holes’ Say 
Scientists,” The Daily Telegraph, London, November 23, 1988. 
15. Connie Stewart, “Star Wars Travel Might Be Only 12 Years Away,” 
Herald Examiner, Los Angeles, June 5, 1980. 
16. Alan C. Holt, Field Resonance Propulsion Concept, NASA, Lyndon B. 
Johnson Space Center, Houston, Texas, August 1979, p. 3. 
17. Lazar now recalls that the man with the scanner was wearing headphones. 
18. A perfect example of such apparent changes of shape is visible in the 
8mm movie film taken by George Adamski and Madeleine Rodeffer in 
February 1965 at Silver Spring, Maryland. (See photo section and Above 
Top Secret.) 
19. Interviews with the author, March-April 1990. Additional interviews 
with Bob Lazar were conducted by George Knapp of KLAS-TV (mosdy 
in private) and Billy Goodman on KVEG Radio, Las Vegas, in 1989. 
I have also used some material from The Lazar Tape. 


CHAPTER 9. CONTAINERS 

1. Interview with the author, March 30, 1990. 
2. Interview with the author, September 5, 1990. 
3. Interview with the author, March 30, 1990. 
4. KLAS-TV, Channel 8,1989, (P.O. Box 15047, Las Vegas, NV 89114). 
5. UFOs: The Best Evidence? KLAS-TV, 1990. 
6. Interview with the author, March 30, 1990. 
7. KLAS-TV, 1989. 
8. William F. Hamilton III, Cosmic Top Secret: America’s Secret UFO Program
, 1991 (Irmer Light Publications, P.O. Box 753, New Brunswick, 
NJ 08903), pp. 87, 140-1. 
9. UFOs: The Best Evidence? KLAS-TV, 1990. 
10. Interview with the author, September 26, 1991. 
11. Terry England, “LA Man Joins the Jet Set-at 200 Miles an Hour,” Los 
Alamos Monitor, June 27, 1982. 
12. UFOs: The Best Evidence? KLAS-TV, 1990. 
13. Jacques Vallee, Revelations: Alien Contact and Human Deception (New 
York: Ballantine Books, 1991), pp. 206-7. 
14. Ibid., p. 207. 
15. KLAS-TV, 1989. 
16. Information supplied by Gene Huff, who met Dr. Mitchell during his 
meetings with Bob Lazar. 
17. Letter to the author from Edgar D. Mitchell, Sc.D., April 21, 1992. 
18. Andrew D. Basiago, “Dreamland and the CIA,” MUFON UFO Journal, 
No. 291, July 1992, MUFON, 103 Oldtowne Road, Seguin, TX 78155- 
4099. 
19. Astronomy magazine, December 1974. 
20. Letter to Robert M. Collins from Daniel Bonneau, Observatoire du 
Calern, St. Vallier de Thiey, France, April 19,1988, reproduced in Grant 
Cameron and T. Scott Crain, UFOs, MJ-12 and the Government (Mutual 
UFO Network, 103 Oldtowne Rd., Seguin, TX 78155-4099). 
21. The Gospel According to John, 8:23. 
22. Dr. Barry H. Downing, The Bible and Flying Saucers (Philadelphia: J. 
B. Lippincott, 1968). 
23. Interviews with the author, March-April 1990. Additional interviews 
with Bob Lazar were conducted by George Knapp of KLAS-TV (mosdy 
in private) and Billy Goodman on KVEG Radio, Las Vegas, in 1989. 
I have also used some material from The Lazar Tape (Tri-Dot Productions
, 1324 S. Eastern, Las Vegas, NV 89104). 


CHAPTER 10. COSMIC JOURNEY 

1. Bob Oechsler with Debby Regimenti, The Chesapeake Connection: 
An Implication of Corporate Involvement in the Cover-Up, 1989 (The 
Annapolis Research and Study Group, 136 Oakwood Rd., Edgewater, 
MD 21037). 
2. Various sources, including Directors and Deputy Directors of Central Intelligence
: Dates and Data 1946-1983 (by the History Staff, Central 
Intelligence Agency, Washington, DC 20505). 
3. Electromagnetic pulse (EMP) is one type of radiation generated by 
nuclear explosions. In order to protect the electronic circuitry in planes, 
tanks, and ships, from being disabled by it, the Pentagon conducted a 
lengthy series of EMP experiments, many of them in the Chesapeake 
Bay, Maryland, area. According to The Washington Post (May 15, 1988), 
the Soviets had developed a “zap gun” that would use EMP radiation 
to kill troops and disable vehicles, and the Pentagon wanted to develop 
a similar weapon. “Since the Soviets were based right there in the Chesapeake
 Bay where the tests were being conducted,” Bob Oechsler told 
me, ccwhom are we supposed to think the weapons were designed to be 
used against? A ‘threat from space,’ perhaps, as hinted at by President 
Reagan on several public occasions?” (For further details, see The Chesapeake
 Connection.) 
4. Interestingly, BDM International (a defense contractor) was behind the 
conference on cattle mutilations, organized by Senator Harrison Schmitt 
in 1979. 
5. Ed Walters and Frances Walters, The Gulf Breeze Sightings: The Most 
Astounding Multiple Sightings of UFOs in U.S. History (New York: William
 Morrow, 1990). 
6. Frank Scully, Behind the Flying Saucers (New York: Henry Holt, 1950), 
pp. 132-3. 
7. Letter to Coral Lorenzen from Olavo Fontes, M.D., February 27, 1958. 
8. Letter to Armen Victorian from B. R. Inman, Science Applications 
International Corporation, August 5, 1991. 
9. Letter to the author from Robert Kirchgessner, director, Special Development
 Group, Ringling Bros, and Barnum and Bailey International, 
August 31, 1989. 
10. Letter to the author from Robert Kirchgessner, September 21, 1989. 
11. Communication with the author, October 17, 1989. 
12. The National Space Council, created by an act of Congress in 1988, was 
established by President Bush’s Executive Order No. 12675 on April 
20, 1989. 
13. Letter to the author from Bob Oechsler, January 24, 1991, plus additional
clarifications, September 1992. 
14. Lawrence Fawcett and Barry J. Greenwood, Clear Intent: The Government
 Cover-up of the UFO Experience (Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice- 
Hall, 1984). 
15. Just Cause, Citizens Against UFO Secrecy, December 1989 (P.O. Box 
218, Coventry, CT 06238). 
16. Ibid., June 1990. 
17. Letter to the author from Jack Schmid, exhibits coordinator, NASA, 
Washington, DC 20546, April 8, 1992. 
18. Walters and Walters, op. cit. 
19. ‘World Round-Up of Selected Reports,” The UFO Report 1991, ed. 
Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1990), pp. 214-39. 
20. Jorge Martin, “Puerto Rico’s Astounding UFO Situation,” The UFO 
Report 1992, ed. Timothy Good (London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1991), 
pp. 105-9. 
21. Martin, op. cit., pp. 103-5. 
22. Ibid. Although purely coincidental, it is worth noting in this connection 
that the giant radio telescope at Arecibo, Puerto Rico, was one of the 
first used to transmit a coded message to the stars (the Ml3 cluster in 
Hercules), in 1974. 
23. Ian Ridpath, Messages from the Stars (London: Fontana, 1978), 
pp. 17-18. 
24. Ibid., p. 24. 
25. Edward Ashpole, The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (London: 
Blandford Press, 1989), p. 158. 
26. Daniel W. Fry, To Men of Earth (Merlin, OR: Merlin Publishing, 1973), 
pp. 98-9. 
27. Michael Michaud, “A Unique Moment in Human History,” First Contact
: The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, ed. Ben Bova and Byron 
Preiss (London: Headline, 1990), pp. 243-4. 
28. Ibid., p. 248. 
29. Ibid., p. 249. 
30. Press release by Dr. Brian O’Leary, New York, October 6, 1989. 
31. According to Robert Dean, a retired United States Army command 
sergeant major, a Cosmic Top Secret study conducted by NATO Supreme
 Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) concluded in 1964 
that Earth was under extensive surveillance by several advanced extraterrestrial
 civilizations. Regrettably, neither Admiral Lord Hill-Norton 
(a former chairman of the NATO Military Committee) nor I have been 
able to substantiate this claim to date, despite our intensive inquiries at 
SHAPE (Belgium), as well as in England and France. 


=======================================================================
APPENDIXES 


Appendix 1 
Structure of the U.S. Intelligence Community. Tania Long, based on a graphic 
published by the CIA 

CENTRAL 

INTELLIGENCE 

AGENCY 

DEPARTMENT 

OF STATE 

DEFENSE 

INTELLIGENCE 

AGENCY 

DEPARTMENT 
OF ENERGY 

DEPARTMENT OF 
THE TREASURY 

FEDERAL 

BUREAU OF 

INVESTIGATION 

NATIONAL 
SECURITY 
AGENCY 

ARMY 

INTELLIGENCE 

NAVY 

INTELLIGENCE 

IJFOFFICES 
V FOR 
COLLECTION OF 

SPECIALIZED 
NAT L FOREIGN 
INTELLIGENCE j 

MARINE CORPS 
INTELLIGENCE 

AIRFORCE 

INTELLIGENCE 

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ELEMENTS 

DEPARTMENT OF INTELLIGENCE ELEMENTS (Other than DoD) 

INDEPENDENTAGENCY 



Appendix 2 
A Defense Intelligence Agency report relating to the Belgian UFO sightings 
described in Chapter 1. DJA 

PAGE:0011 

INQUIRE=DOC10D 
ITEM N0=00508802 
ENVELOPE 
CDSN = LGX391 MCN = 90089/26558 TOR = 9009010*18 
RTTCZYUW RUEKJCS5049 0891251-CCCC-RUEALGX. 
ZNY CCCCC 
HEADER 
R 301251Z MAR 90 
FM JOINT STAFF WASHINGTON DC 
INFO RUEADWD/OCSA WASHINGTON DC 
RUENAAA/CNO WASHINGTON DC 
RUEAHQA/CSAF WASHINGTON DC 
RUEACMC/CMC WASHINGTON DC 
RUEDADA/AFIS AMHS BOLLING AFB DC 
RUFTAKA/CDR USAINTELCTRE HEIDELBERG GE 
RUFGAID/USEUCOM AIDES VAIHINGEN GE 
RUETIAQ/MPCFTGEORGEGMEADEMD 
RUEAMCC/CMC CC WASHINGTON DC 
RUEALGX/SAFE 
R 3012H6Z MAR 90 

FM 
TO RUEKJCS/DIA WASHDC 
INFO RUEKJCS/DIA WASHDC//DAT-7// 
RUSNNOA/USCINCEUR VAlHINGEN GE//ECJ2-OC/ECJ2-JIC// 
RUFGAID/USEUCOM AIDES VAIHINGEN GE 
RHFQAAA/HQUSAFE RAMSTEIN AB GE//INOW/INO// 
RHFPAAA/UTAIS RAMSTEIN AB GE//INRMH/INA// 
RHDLCNE/CINCUSNAVEUR LONDON UK 
RUFHNA/USDELMC BRUSSELS BE 
RUFHNA/USMISSION USNATO 
RUDOGHA/USNMR SHAPE BE 
RUEAIIA/CIA WASHDC 
RUFGAID/JICEUR VAIHINGEN GE 
RUCBSAA/FICEURLANT NORFOLK VA 
RUEKJCS/SECDEF WASHDC 
RUEHC/SECSTATE WASHDC 
RUEADWW/WHITEHOUSE WASHDC 
RUFHBG/AMEMBASSY LUXEMBOURG 
RUEATAC/CDRUSAITAC WASHDC 
BT 
CONTROLS 

SERIAL: (U) HR 6 807 0136 90. 

BODY 
COUNTRY: (U) BELGIUM (BE). 

SUBJ: HR 6 807 0136 90/BELGIUM AND THE UFO ISSUE (U) 

WARNING: (U) THIS IS AN INFORMATION REPORT, NOT FINALLY 

264 

APPENDIXES 

EVALUATED INTELLIGENCE. REPORT CLASSIFIED 

PAGE:0012 

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 

DOI: (U) 900326. 

SOURCE: A- (U) LA DERNIER HEURE, 20 MAR, DAILY FRENCH 
LANGUAGE PAPER, CIRC 100,000; B- (U) LE SOIR, 26 MAR, 
DAILY FRENCH LANGUAGE PAPER, CIRC 213,000; 

SUMMARY: (U) NUMEROUS UFO SIGHTINGS HAVE BEEN MADE IN 
BELGIUM SINCE NOV 89. THE CREDIBILITY OF SOME INDIVIDUALS 
MAKING THE REPORTS IS GOOD. SOME SIGHTINGS HAVE BEEN 
EXPLAINED BY NATURAL/MANMADE PHENOMENA, SOME HAVE NOT. 
INVESTIGATION BY THE BAF CONTINUES. 

TEXT: 1. (U) NUMEROUS AND VARIOUS ACCOUNTS OF UFO 
SIGNTINGS HAVE SURFACED IN BELGIUM OVER THE PAST FEW 
MONTHS. THE CREDIBILITY OF THE OBSERVERS OF THE ALLEDGED 
EVENTS VARIES FROM THOSE WHO ARE UNSOPHISTICATED TO THOSE 
WHO ARE THE WELL EDUCATED AND PROMINENTLY PLACED. 

2. (U) SOURCE A CITES MR LEON BRENIG, A 43 YEAR OLD 
PROFESSOR AT THE FREE UNIVERSIY OF BRUSSELS (PROMINENT) IN 
THE FIELD OF STATISTICS AND PHYSICS. HE CLAIMS TO HAVE 
TAKEN PICTURES OF THE PHENOMENA WHICH ARE STILL BEING 
DEVELOPED BUT WILL BE PUBLISHED BY THE BELGIAN SOCIETY FOR 
THE STUDY OF SPACE PHENOMENA IF THEY ARE OF GOOD QUALITY. 

3. (U) MR BRENIG WAS DRIVING ON THE ARDENNES AUTOROUTE IN 
THE BEAUFAYS REGION EAST OF LIEGE, SUNDAY, 18 MARCH 1990 
AT 2030 HOURS WHEN HE OBSERVED AN AIRBORNE OBJECT 
APPROACHING IN HIS DIRECTION FROM THE NORTH. IT WAS IN 
THE FORM OF A TRIANGLE ABOUT THE SIZE OF A PING-PONG BALL 
AND HAD A YELLOW LIGHT SURROUNDING IT WITH A REDDISH 
CENTER VARYING IN INTENSITY. ALTITUDE APPEARED TO BE 500 
- 1000 METERS, MOVING AT A SLOW SPEED WITH NO SOUND. IT 
DID NOT MOVE OR BEHAVE LIKE AN AIRCRAFT. 

4. (U) MR BRENIG CONTACTED A FRIEND VERY NEAR THE AREA 
WHO CAME OUT AND TOOK PICTURES OF IT WITH A ZOOM LENS AND 
400 ASA FILM. BOTH INSISTED THE OBJECT COULD NOT BE AN 
AIRCRAFT OR HOLOGRAMME PROJECTION AS THE SKY WAS CLOUDLESS. 

5. (U) THE SOURCE B ARTICLE WHICH DISCUSSES A BELGIAN 
TELEVISION INTERVIEW WITH COL WIL ((DEBROUWER)) , CHIEF OF 


PAGE: 0013 

OPERATIONS FOR THE BAF, MQST LIKELY WAS THE RESULT OF A 
FOLLOW-ON ACTION TAKEN BY MR BRENIG WHEN HE CONTACTED 
LTGEN ((TERRASSON)), COMMANDER, BELGIAN TACTICAL 
(OPERATIONAL) COMMAND. GEN TERRASSON CATEGORICALLY 
ELIMINATED ANY POSSIBLE BAF AIRCRAFT OR ENGINE TEST 
INVOLVEMENT WHICH COL DEBROUWER CONFIRMED DURING THE 25 

ADMIN 
BT 

#50*19 

NNNN 

PAGE:0014 

INQUIRE=DOC10D 
ITEM N0=00503294 
ENVELOPE 
CDSN = LGX492 MCN = 90089/26566 TOR = 900891502 
RTTCZYUW RUEKJCS5049 0891251-CCCC-RUEALGX. 
ZNY CCCCC 
HEADER 
H 301251Z MAR 90 
FM JOINT STAFF WASHINGTON DC 
INFO RUEADWD/OCSA WASHINGTON DC 
RUENAAA/CNO WASHINGTON DC 
RUEAHQA/CSAF WASHINGTON DC 
RUEACMC/CMC WASHINGTON DC 
RUEDADA/AFIS AMHS BOLLING AFB DC 
RUFTAKA/CDR USAINTELCTRE HEIDELBERG GE 
RUFGAID/USEUCOM AIDES VAIHINGEN GE 
RUETIAQ/MPCFTGEORGEGMEADEMD 
RUEAMCC/CMC CC WASHINGTON DC 
RUEALGX/SAFE 
R 301246Z MAR 90 

TO RUEKJCS/DIA WASHDC 
INFO RUEKJCS/DIA WASHDC//DAT-7// 
RUSNNOA/USCINCEUR VAIHINGEN GE//ECJ2-0C/ECJ2-JIC// 
RUFGAID/USEUCOM AIDES VAIHINGEN GE 
RHFQAAA/HQUSAFE RAMSTEIN AB CE//INOW/INO// 
RHFPAAA/UTAIS RAMSTEIN AB GE//INRMH/INA// 
RHDLCNE/CINCUSNAVEUR LONDON UK 
RUFHNA/USDELMC BRUSSELS BE 
RUFHNA/USMISSION USNATO 
RUDOGHA/USNMR SHAPE BE 
RUEAIIA/CIA WASHDC 
RUFGAID/JICEUR VAIHINGEN GE 
RUCBSAA/FICEURLANT NORFOLK VA 
RUEKJCS/SECDEF WASHDC 
RUEHC/SECSTATE WASHDC 
RUEADWW/WHITEHOUSE WASHDC 
RUFHBG/AMEMBASSY LUXEMBOURG 
RUEATAC/CDRUSAITAC WASHDC 
BT 
CONTROLS 

SECTION 02 OF 02 ■■■■■ [0504c 

SERIAL: (U) HR 6 807 0136 90. 

BODY 
COUNTRY: (U) BELGIUM (BE). 

SUBJ: IIR 6 807 0136 90/BELGIUM AND THE UFO ISSUE (U) 

MAR TV SHOW. 


PAGE:0015 

6. (U) DEBROUWER NOTED THE LARGE NUMBER OF REPORTED 
SIGHTINGS, PARTICULARLY IN NOV 89 IN THE LIEGE AREA AND 
THAT THE BAF AND MOD ARE TAKING THE ISSUE SERIOUSLY- BAF 
EXPERTS HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO EXPLAIN THE PHENOMENA EITHER. 

7. (U) DEBROUWER SPECIFICALLY ADDRESSED THE POSSIBILITY 
OF THE OBJECTS BEING USAF B-2 OR F-117 STEALTH AIRCRAFT 
WHICH WOULD NOT APPEAR ON BELGIAN RADAR, BUT MIGHT BE 
SIGHTED VISUALLY IF THEY WERE OPERATING AT LOW ALTITUDE IN 
THE ARDENNES AREA. HE MADE IT QUITE CLEAR THAT NO USAF 
OVERFLIGHT REQUESTS HAD EVER BEEN RECEIVED FOR THIS TYPE 
MISSION AND THAT THE ALLEDGED OBSERVATIONS DID NOT 
CORRESPOND IN ANY WAY TO THE OBSERVABLE CHARACTERISTICS OF 
EITHER U.S. AIRCRAFT. 

8. (U) MR BRENIG HAS SINCE ASSURED THE COMMUNITY THAT HE 
IS PERSONALLY ORGANIZING A NEW UFO OBSERVATION CAMPAIGN 
AND SPECIFICALLY REQUESTS THE HELP OF THE BELGIAN MOD. 

9> RELATED A SIMILAR UFO SIGHTING WHICH 

APPARENTLY HAPPENED TO A BELGIAN AIR FORCE OFFICER IN THE 
SAME AREA NEAR LIEGE DURING NOVEMBER 89- THE OFFICER AD 
HIS WIFE WERE ALLEDGEDLY BLINDED BY A HUGE BRIGHT FLYING 
OBJECT AS THEY WERE DRIVING ON THE AUTOROUTE. THEY 
STOPPED THEIR CAR, BUT WERE SO FRIGHTENED THEY ABANDONED 
THE VEHICLE AND RAN INTO THE WOODS. THEY COULD NOT 
PROVIDE A DETAILED DESCRIPTION BUT WHATEVER IT WAS 
DEFINITELY APPEARED REAL TO THEM. UNDERLINED 
THEIR CREDIBILITY AS SOLID. 

COMMENTS: 1 
VERY LITTLE CONCRETE INFORMAITON EXCEPT TO VERIFY THE 
LARGE VOLUME OF SIGHTINGS AND THE SIMILARITY OF SOME^ 
DURING NOV 

[COMMENT. HE COULD PROVIDE 

?_ -iTutr BAF HAS RULED SOME SIGHTINGS WERE CAUSED BY 
INVERSION LAYERS, LAZER BEAMS AND OTHER FORMS OF HIGH 
INTENSITY LIGHTING HITTING CLOUDS. BUT A REMARKABLE 
NUMBER OCCURRED ON CLEAR NIGHTS WITH NO OTHER EXPLAINABLE 
ACTIVITY NEARBY. 

3- MB 
ISSUE AND 
HAVE.   
OPTIMISTIC 

ABOUT THE UFO 

INFORMATION THEY 
HE IS NOT 

[THE BAF IS CONCERNED TO A POINT 
IS TAKING ACTION TO INVESTIGATE 
DOES ADMIT, HOWEVER, THAT 

ABOUT RESOLVING THE PROBLEM. 

n ^PBIFIELD COMMENT. THE USAF DID CONFIRM TO THE BAF 

AND BELGIAN MOD THAT NO USAF STEALTH AIRCRAFT WERE 
OPERATING IN THE ARDENNES AREA DURING THE PERIODS IN 
QUESTION. THIS WAS RELEASED TO THE BELGIAN PRESS AND 
RECEIVED WIDE DISSEMINATION. 

PAGE:0016 

(U) 

(U)  US NO. 

  

(U) FIELD:- 
(U) REPORT 

AMEMBASSY BRUSSELS (DCM) 
CLASSIFIED 

ADMIN 
PROJ: 
INSTR: 
PREP: 
ACQ: 
DISSEM: 
WARNING 

BT 

#5049 

NNNN 


Appendix 3 , , •» 
A small selection of New Mexico State Police reports on the cattle mutilations. 
FBI 

uClie D'j 1' .J-J-, t-'i i'j 

OWNER* Sam Britt ~ 33 miles West of Clavron, New Mexico 

ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Hereford bull, 3 years, 1^*00-1500 lbs. 

DATE DIED: 36-48 hours before October 11 
POSITION FOUND IN: Right side 
ORGAN’S TAKEN:-. Scrotum, penis, rectum 
TRACK EVIDENCE: None stated 

INSPECTOR: Frank Best 

DATE: October 13, 1975 
OWNER: Alvin Stocton - Raton, New Mexico 
ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Bull 

DATE DIED: October 11, 1975 
POSITION FOUND IN: Right side 
ORGANS TAKEN: Scrotum, testicles, penis and end of sheath 

TRACK EVIDENCE: Only those made by Mr. Stocton, Sheriff Grubilnik, 
and Ben Wooten 

INSPECTOR: Ben Wooten 

DATE: October 15, 1975 
OWNER: W. F. Martin - Springer, New Mexico 
ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Black bull 
DATE DIED: October 15, 1975 
POSITION FOUND IN: 
ORGANS TAKEN: Rectum, penis, testicles 
TRACK EVIDENCE: None stated 
INSPECTOR: Harold Gilbert 

DATE: October 18, 1975 
OWNER: Rock Ranch - Kara Visa, New nexico 

ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Black angus cow 

DATE DIED: Found October 16 - had been dead seven to eight days pr 
POSITION FOUND IN: Laying on back 

ORGANS TAKEN: Rectum and vagina 

TRACK EVIDENCE: None noted 
INSPECTOR: Dwayne Massey 



L>A IE: May 19, 1 y / o 

OWNER: Sharp Ranch - Corona, New. Mexico 

ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Black angus bull 

DATE DIED: May 15. 1976 

POSITION FOUND IN; Left side on back 

ORCANS TAKEN; Testicles removed 

TRACK EVIDENCE: None 

INSPECTOR: Claude Foster 

DATE: June 29, 1976 

OWNER: Tony Lamb - 

ANIMAL DESCR.IPTION: Yearling steer 

DATE DIED: 48 hours prior to date 

POSITION FOUND IN: Left side 

ORCANS TAKEN: Right ear and right eye, the tongue, circ 
out at his navel, penis was gone, and he 
been cut around his rectum. 

1 e cut 
had also 

TRACK EVIDENCE: None stated 

INSPECTOR: Harold Gilbert 

DATE: July 10, 1976 

OWNER: 

ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Buffalo calf 

DATE DIED: July 10, 1976 

POSITION FOUND IN: 

ORCANS TAKEN: Tongue, testicles and penis. Cut at the 

also gone was large intestine. 

rectum, 

TRACK EVIDENCE: A white helocopter was seen the morning 

of July 8- 

DATE: July 1, 1976 

OWNER: Stanley Cisneros - Questa , New Mexico 

ANIMAL DESCRIPTION: Solid red cow - pregnant 

DATE DIED: June 29 or June 30, 1976 

POSITION FOUND IN: Laying on right side 

ORCANS TAKEN: Left eye, udder was cut off 

TRACK EVIDENCE: None 

INSPECTOR: Milton Culbertson 


HA:-:; I '.o:> ..ut.-4i.ii i •' 

NEW MEXICO 

COV.MITTCE ON COMMERCE. 

sciEsch.ANQTRANSPORTATION OjCnxicb percale 

CGMMITTCC ON BANKING WASHINGTON. D.C. 20510 

MOUj.NG. ANO URBAN AFFAIRS 

SEV.ECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS 

Deceniber 21, 1978 

/ •" * 

'• i 

The Honorable Griffin B. Bell 
Attorney General 
Department of Justice 
10th and Constitution Avenue, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20530 

Dear Mr. Attorney General: 

During the past several years, ranchers throughout the West, 
including my home state of Mew Mexico, have been victimized 
by a series of cattle mutilations. As a result, these ranchers 
have as a group and individually suffered serious economic 
losses. 

These mysterious killings have been the subject of at least 
two articles in national publications, copies of v/hic'n are 
enclosed. Mr. Cockburn's article in the December 1975 issue 
of Esquire states that there had been a federal investigation 
into this matter, but it was dropped. Mr. Cockburn implies 
the investigation may have been terminated because cattle 
mutilation per, se is not a federal offense. 

vrhile an individual cattle mutilation may not be a federal 
offense, I am very concerned at what appears to be a continued 
pattern of an organized interstate criminal activity. Therefore, 
I am requesting that the Justice Department re-examine its 
jurisdiction in this area with respect to the possible reopening 
of this investigation. 

Enclosed are copies of my files on this subject. While awaiting 
what will hopefully be a favorable reply, I shall continue to 
gather materials that could be of help in such an investigation. 
If you need further information in studying this matter, please 
do not hesitate to contact me. 

Sincerely, 

Harrison Schmitt 

HS:jri 
Enclosures i / 

 

o
c

Appendix 4 . . 
Letter regarding the catde mutilations from Senator Harrison Schmitt to the 
U.S. Attorney General. FBI 

January 10, 197 9 

Honorable Harrison II. Schmitt 
United States Senate 
1251 DS02 
Washington, D.C. 25010 

Dear Senator Schmitt: 

As X tcld you over the telephone yesterday, X 

have asked Philip IJevnann, head of the Criminal Division, 
to look into our jurisdiction over the cattle r.u tile tier/ 
proolem with which you are concerned. !7e will be in 
touch with you at an early date. 

I must say that the materials sent me indicate the 

existence of one of the strangest phenomenons in tv 
memory. ~ 

Warn regards. 

Sincerely, 

Griffin B. Bell 

Cgg 

bcc: w/materials to Terry Adamson 

Kay Calamaro 
Phil Heymann - Please have someone look into 

this matter at an early date. 
Sen. Schmitt is our fre^nd and 
there have been about 60 
mutilations in New Mexico in 
recent months. 

Appendix 5 
Letter from the U.S. Attorney General to Senator Harrison Schmitt. FBI 


Office of tijc ^Bretrirf jAltomog 

Juiririal ^btriri 

Kenneth M. Rommel, Jt. 

Dnxcur 

Diana S. Moyle 
Coctdinuiog Secnttry 

WCJdjk TSKTi 

Animal Mutilation Project 
Pod Office Box 1209 • i 

Expanolx, New Mexico 87532 * 

March 5, 1980 

Cipiiano Padilla 

Telephone: (305) 75>-713l 

127-2195  ir 

4 /,WK 

00307063 

Director 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
J, Edgar Hoover Building 
Washington, D.C. 

^Attention: 

F.B.I. Laboratory 

C> 

P, 

'iinc/.C-rv ies,erO*T'’9'Jj7*e>$j 
>3evo meyfc o / Jy'y ./fZAl-_ 

Z o ^jfent^£tDen: 
-^03 cJor background information, I refer to your Albuquerque origin matter entitled 
F3 ^ LUs follows: 
ITJ -* ^ 

Spcj 
u-l I- 

Mutilation* of Animals on Indian Lands-.In Hew-Mexico 
Crime on Indian Reservation. 

^ ^ ^Closed for examination is one vial containing several flakes of an unknown 
" ^ rjaterial which this office would like to have identified in connection with an 

i_- ffl&terial which this orr: 
Ltl ^^ficial investigation. 

3 an Of) 

For your information, since approximately 1975, New Mexico and other statesV-S 
primarily t;hose located in close proximity to New Mexico, have had incidents 
referred to by many as "the cattle mutilation phenomena." Stock animals, primarily 
cattle, have been found dead with various parts of the carcass missing such as one 
eye, one ear, the udder, and normally a cored anus. Most credible sources have 
attributed this damage to normal predator and scavenger activity. However, certain 
segments of the population have attributed the damage to many other causes ranging 
from U.F.O.s to a giant governmental conspiracy, the exact nature of which is never 
fully explained. No factual data has been supplied f 

In May, 1979, responding to pressure from his constituents, thejpistrict 
Attorney, First Judicial District of New Mexico, applied for and wa?~Swa 
one year L.E.A.A. grant to investigate these mutilations. t 

6 17 iQ^ 

I retired after twenty-eight years as a special agent of the F.B.I. to direct 
this investigation. 

As previously stated, there are those that have attempted to make a connection 
between cattle mutilations and U.F.O. sitings. 

0 

5 9 APR 171980 

Appendix 6 
Letter regarding the cattle mutilations from Kenneth Rommel, Jr., to the Director
 of the FBI. FBI 


Director 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 

March 5, 1980 
Page -2- 

In July, 1978, a U.F.O. was reportedly observed by a resident of Taos, New 
Mexico, reportedly hovering over a pickup truck. The next morning, the enclosed 
powder flakes were reportedly recovered from the roof of the aforementioned 
pickup. 

Some of the individuals that are most vocal to the media have inferred that these 
flakes are identical with a substance that was taken from cowhides in a controlled 
test conducted in the Dulce, New Mexico area. 

Dulce, New Mexico, which has been the site of several reported mutilations, is 
located approximately seventy miles from Taos, New Mexico. I have not been able 
to locate a sample of the substance reportedly collected in the Dulce test, but 
it has been described as a florescent material. 

I have, to-date, been'able to confirm any connection between these two substances, 
and have been told by those that have seen both that they are not identical. 

7 

However, I vjould appreciate it if through the use of a G.S. Mas spectroscopy test 
or any other logical test, that these flakes can be identified. This in itself 
would go a long way to assisting me to discredit the U.F.O. - Cow Mutilation 
association theory. 

If need be,.the flakes can be destroyed during your examination. 

Your cooperation in this investigation is appreciated. 

Sincerely, 

KMR/dsm 
enclosure 

APPENDIXES^ 275 

GERALD LIGHT 

1054$ SCENARI6 LANE 

10$ ANGELES 24. CALIFORNIA. 

«o ^C= l/'-V 

to* 

Mr.Meade Layne . 
San Diego,California 

My dear Friend: I have just returned from Huroc. The report is true  
devastating!/ true.' 

I made the Journey in company with Franklin Allen of the Hearst papers and 
Edwin llourse of 3rookings Institute (Truman's erstwhile financial adviser) 
and Bishop MacIntyre of L.A. (confidential names, for the present,please.) 

When we were allowed to enter the restricted section,(after about six hours 
tu which we were checked on everr possible itea, event, incident and aspect 3H- 
of our personal and nuhlic lives) I had the distinct feeling that the world 
had come to an end with fantastic realism. For I have never seen so many 
human beings in a state of complete collapse and confusion as they realized 
that their own world had indeed ended with such finality as to beggar description
. The reality of "otherplane11 aeroforms is now and forever removed from 
the realms of speculation and made a rather painful part of the consciousness 
of every responsible scientific and political group. 

During my two days visit I saw five separate and distinct types of aircraft 
being studied and handled by our airforce officials--with the assistance and 
permission of The Etheriansi I have no words to express my reactions. 

It ha9 finally happened. It is now a matter of history. 

President Sisenhower,as you may already know, was spirited over to Muroc one 
night during his visit to Palm Springs recently. And it is my conviction that 
he will ignore the terrific conflict between the various "authorities" and go 
directly to the people via radio and television if the impasse continues 
much longer. From what I could gather, an official* statement to the country 
: i3 beirg prepared for delivery about the middle of Ma 

I will leave it to your own excellent powers of deduction to construct a fitting 
oicture of the mental and anotional pandemonium that is now shattering the consciousness
 of hundreds of our scientific "authorities" and all the pundits of 
the various snecialized knowledges that make up our current physics. In some 
'instances I could not stifle a wave of pity that arose in my own being as I 
1 wtached the pathetic bewilderment of rather brilliant brains struggling to make 
1 some sort of rational explanation Thich would enable than to retain their familiar
 theories and concepts. And I thanked my own destiny for having long ago 
!pushed me into the metaphysical woods and compelled me to find my way out. To 
!wtach strong minds cringe before totally irreconcilable aspects of "science" is 
I not a pleasant thing. I had forgotten how commonplace such things as the demat- 
erialization of "solid" objects had. become to my own mind. The coming and going 
of an ethe ric, or spirit,body has been so familiar to me these many years I had 
just forgotten that such a manifestation could snap the mental balance of a man 
not so conditioned. I shall never forget those forty-eigit hours at MupocJ 

Appendix 7 
Part of the 1954 letter from Gerald Light to his friend and associate Meade 
Layne, describing his experiences at Muroc Air Base, California. Borderland 
Sciences Research Foundation 


ENLISTED RECORD AND REPORT OF SEPARATION 

HONORABLE DISCHARGE 

1 LAST NAME - FIRST NAME - MIDDLE INITIAL 

BROWN MELVIN E 

6. ORGANIZATION 

743RD AAA GUN BN 

RED 1 BOX 219 CHICO CALIF 

12. ADDRESS FROM WHICH EMPLOYMENT WILL BE SOUGHT 

NONE 

18. RACE 

V^ITE NEGRO  OTHER (specily) TE  MARRIED  OTHER (specily) 

19. MARITAL STATUS 

2. ARMY SERIAL NO. 

3. GRADE 

4. ARM OR SERVICE 

6. COM TON L N 7 

6 S78 7S1 

TEC B 

CAC 

7. DATE OF SEPARATION 

fi. PLACE OF SEPARATION 

RA 

2 DEC 4p 

SEP CE 

N FT MACARTHUR CAI | F 

10. DATE OF BIRTH 

11. PLACE OF BIRTH 

i4 OCT i6 

13. COLOR EYES 

14. COLOR HAIR 

BLUE 

BROWN 

21. CIVILIAN OCCUPATION AND NO. 

IS. HEIGHT 

DEL RAY CAI IF 
$l.£" 130 i. 

17.NO DEPEND 

 0. 

 

o

 
r
c

5. CITIZEN 

YES 

_JL_ 

NO 

X.CQK 

MILITARY HISTORY 

22. DATE OF 

INDUCTION 

23. DATE OF ENLISTMENT 

24. DATE OF ENTRY INTO ACTIVE SCRVICC 

25. PLACE OF ENTRY INTO SERVICE 

SELECTIVE M 

2 6. REGISTERED 

SERVICE £;> 

YES NO 

DATA p 

■k 

COOK 

32. BATTLES AND CAMPAIGNS 

11 DEC 79 

27. LOCALS.6. BOARD NO. 

i 1 DEC 

FT MO DOWFI 1 CAI 1 F 

2'e. COUNTY AND STATE 

29. HOME ADDRESS AT TIME OF ENTRY INTO SERVICE 

31. MILITARY Q U A LIF 1C 

GR1DLEY CAI IE 

060 

XXPGRT Ml CARR INF 

NORTHERN SOLOMONS 

”■ DECORAT,ONS AN°C,TAT,0N9 AMER I CAN DEFENSE SERVICE MEDAL AMERICAN CAMPAIGN MEDAL' 
ASIATIC PACIFIC CAMPAIGN MEDAL PHILIPPINE LIBERATION RIBBON WITH 1 
BRONZE STAR GOOD CONDUCT MEDAL VICTORY MFPAI  

34. WOUNDS RECEIVED IN ACTION 

NONE 

SMALLPOX 

TYPHOID 

TETANUS 

LATEST IMMUNIZATION DATES 

DEC 42 

MAR 42 

MAY 47' 

37. TOTAL LENGTH OF'SERVICE 

CONTINENTAL SERVICE 

FOREIGN SERVICE 

OTHER (speciiy) 

PLAGUE 
SFP 4B 

38. HIGHEST C^ADE HELD 

DAYS 

YEARS 

-23- 

 2_ 

YE* RS MONTHS 

30. PHION SCRVI 

3 6_ 
NONE 

MONTHS DAYS 

4 _2$_ 

S SGT 

9 NOV 45 

DATE OF DEPARTURE 

DESTINATION 

DATE OF ARRIVAL 

SERVICE OUTSIDE CONTINENTAL U.S. AND RETURN 

23 JUN 43 

ASIATIC 

PACIFIC 

THEATER 

UNITED STATES 

l8 JUL 45 
22 NOV 4§ 

40. REASON AND AUTHORITY FOR SEPARATION 

THF GOVERNMENT-61^-36^ IS DEC 44 AND CIR 310 WD 4s 

42. EDUCATION (Year£) 
'42. EDUCATION (YearS) 

COOKS ft BAKFRS SCHOOl 3 MONTHS rnriR R. RA^D 

XL 

High School 

n 

College 

0 

43. LONccvITY FOR PAY  PURPOSES 

44. MUSTCRINO  OUT PAY 

31 m_  mL.. -a MMtNT 

PAY DATA 

4 5. SOLDIER DEPOSITS  46. TRAVEL PAY   -  VUII timvn   

47. TOTAL AMOUNT. NAME OF DISBURSING OFFICER 

NONF 

INSURANT 

» NCINF 

-& 406 IB E-F B 1 FPlMA M fAPT rpl 

IMPORTANT lr PREMIUM 18 NOT PAID
mrUHlANl TO THE TitEASUUEll OF THE U. 8. AND PORWAKD TO COLLECTIONS SUBDIVISION. VErSC^S ^^N^n?Vl^N ^sm^ON°U M°NEY °RDERS PAYABLE 

 WHEN DUE OK WITHIN THIUTY-ONE DAYS THEUEA FT till IKSUKANCK win IAI>CC- W .     - 

48, KIND OF INHJWANCt 4». HOW PAID 80. EWctly D.U of Allot. SI. Dai. of N.xt Premium Ou, PREMIUM DUE ^C' 
Nat. Serv. U.S. Govt. None Allotment Direct to ment Dlacontlnuanc* (One month alter Stl) EACH MAJ-I-M   INTENTION OF 

(One month alter SO) 

EACH MONTH 

I OF VETERAN TO 

V. A. 

Continue Continue Only I Discontinue 

* I 

54. 

aj 

**• REBARK* (Thu .pace lor complehon o/ above items or entry ot other items specilied in W. D. Directives) 

ASR SCORE (2 SEP 44)~91 HONORABLY DISCHARGED FOR THE 
CONVENIENCE OP THE GOVERNMENT TO ENLIST IN THE REGULAR 
ARMY WD CIR 310 1945. DISCHARGED AS TEMPORARY TECHNIC 1 
FIFTH GRADE AUS, PERMANENT PRIVATE REGULAR ARMY. 

B6. SIGNATURE OF PERSON BEING SEPARATED 

87. PERSONNEL omcER (Type name, grade and organization - signature)  ’  

WD.ACO FORM 53 - 55 This lorm supersedes all pr 

wu nonoraoie uiscnarge, which 
will not be used alter receipt ot this revision. 

M E HOET 
1ST LT AC X 

Appendix 8 
Military record (1945) of Melvin Brown, who claimed to have stood guard over 
the wreckage of a flying disc at Roswell Army Air Field and to have been involved 
in the recovery of alien bodies from the New Mexico desert in July 1947. U.S. 
Army 




HEADQUARTERS 
TASK UNIT 7.4.I 

AIR TASK GROUP 7.4 (PR07) FWD 

APO IO7-I, c/o Postmaster 
San Francisco, Californio 

7 May 1948 

EUBJECTi Rocammciidation for Promotion of Billeted Han 

TO 1 Commanding Officer 

Squadron "D" 
509 th. Airdrome Group 
Walker Air Force Base 
Boswell* New Mexico 

1. Pursuant to AR 635-5, as amended, and Department of the Amor 
Circular 51, dated 26 February 1948 > 1 recommend that Sergeant Melvin 
E. Brown, AF 6578751, be promoted to the grade of Staff Sergeant, 

2. Sergeant Brown has diligently and industriously performed 

all duties assigned to him while on duty with Task Unit 7*4*1 • During 
the peculiar enfl tedious circumstances resulting from this project, he 
clearly demonstrated the qualities and abilities desired of a Staff 
Sergeant. 

3. Sergeant Brown's Service Record indicates no record of previous

 conviction by Courts-Martial. His WD AGO Form 20 indicates that 
he has a primary SEN of Mess Steward (824) and a Duty of Cook (0b0)« 
His Foma 20 further verifies the facts that he enlisted 3 De®xber 1945 
for a period of three (3) years and received the MOS of 824 c® 10 April 
1943. He was appointed to the grade of Sergeant 4 February 1947* HiB 
AGCT is 97 an1 he is skilled in his MOS. Sergeant Brown has met a Board 
of Officers at this headquarters and is recommended for this promotion. 

JACK J. GA3TCN 
Lt Col, US&F 
Commanding 

Appendix 9 
Letter recommending  promotion of Sergeant Brown, May 1948. U.S. Air Force 

Ax cession Number 339 

Directory of Databases 

ACCESSION NUMBER: 339 

Database Name 

Acronym 
Update Frequency 

Beginning Date 

Size 
Producer 

Name 
Address 

Coo tact 

Distributor 

Name 
Address 

Coo tact 

Generator 

Name 
Address 

Coo tact 

NORAD Unknown Traci Reporting System 

NUTR 

Monthly 
1971 

7,000 

North American Aerospace Defense Command 
HQ NORAD/NPY, Peterson AFB, CO 80914-5001 

COMMERCIAL AUTOVON 
Wingcard. R. O. (303) 554-3758 692-3758 

North American Aerospace Defense Command 
HQ NORAD/NPY, Peterson AFB. CO 80914-5001 

COMMERCIAL AUTOVON 
Wingcard, R. O. (303) 554-3758 692-3758 

North American Aerospace Defense Command 
HQ NOR AD/NT Y, Peterson AFB. CO 80914-5001 

COMMERCIAL AUTOVON 
Wingeard. R. O. (303) 554-37 5 8 692-3 7 5 8 

Aval Lability 

Limited 

Database Type 

Alphanumeric 

Program Language 

Pascal 

Computer 

Documentation 

C Lass Lfi cal ion 

Online Access 

Cost 

Zenith-150 

Available 

Secret 

No 

Military Sponsor 

Au Force 

Descriptors 

Abstract 

Air Force; Aircraft; Greenland; Iceland; Identification; Latitude; Longitude; North 
America; Number of Unknowns; Region; Scramble Actions; Scramble Bases; Soviet 
Traffic; Tracking; United Kingdom 

The NORAD Unknown Track Reporting System records details of all air traffic 
declared unknown in North America and the Greenland- Iceland-United Kingdom 
Gap. Data are used by a wide variety of users in NORAD, USAF, Joint Chiefs of 
Staff, Canadian NDHQ, and region commanders in a continuing assessment of 
airspace sovereignty. 

Appendix 10 
An extract from the North American Aerospace Defense Command’s Directory 
of Databases, relating to the NORAD Unknown Track Reporting System. 7,000 
unknown objects were tracked from 1971-1990, but details are classified Secret 
(see Appendix 11). NORAD/Citizens Against UFO Secrecy 



Appendix 11 
Censored information from the records of NORAD’s Unknown Track Reporting
 System. NORAD/Citizens Against UFO Secrecy 

 
'

*
T
E
R
C
E
S
 
D
A
R
O
N
*
*
*
*

 

"
*
*
T
E
R
C
E
S
 
D
A
R
O
N


JANUARY MM 

Appendix 12 


A Defense Intelligence Agency security poster, 1984. Robert ShupinglDlA 


=======================================================================
INDEX 


abductions: 

blood samples, 93, 94 
genetic experiments, 40 
government knowledge of, 40 
hybridization, 50 
hypnotic regression, 40, 86, 93, 94 
implants, 40, 94 
messages, 83, 87, 94 
nature of, 40, 94, 95, 220 
sexual encounters, 92-94 
Adams, Tom, 53, 141, 144 
Adamski, George, 77, 82, 256, 257 
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO), 

43, 45, 62 

Aerojet General Corporation, 80 
Aggen, Erich A., 252 
aircraft disappearances, 25-27, 241 
Alamogordo Army Air Field, 102 
alien anatomy, 89, 113, 115, 134 
alien autopsies, 176, 227 
alien bases, 57, 70, 79, 92, 110, 137, 208-209, 210, 

240-241 

alien “deal,” 40, 57, 137 
alien infiltration, 77, 78, 80, 90, 91 
“Alien Life Forms,” 116 
Alien Technology Center, 139 
Allen, Franklin, 73 
alpha particles, 182, 203 
“Alternative Space Craft” (ASC), 233, 234 
Altshuler, Dr. John, 41-42, 60 
Anderson, Gerald, 102-104 
Andrews, John, 139 
animal mutilations: 

Alamosa (Colorado), 41-42, 43-44 
aliens, sightings of, 40, 55-56, 57-58, 62, 64, 69, 

70 

Animal Mutilation Project (FBI), 52, 61 
Atropine, use of, 48 
attitude of Indians, 55 
Bosler (Wyoming), 54 
cellular changes, 42 
Clayton (New Mexico), 269 
Colorado ranch case, 63-64, 66 

Copperas Cove (Texas), 47 
Corona (New Mexico), 270 
Denver (Colorado), 59 
DPS investigation, 47 
documentaries on, 117 
Dulce (New Mexico), 47-50, 51, 52, 57 
enzymes, 40 
exsanguination, 59 
FAA investigation, 53 
FBI investigations, 46, 47, 52-53, 61, 64, 273-274 
Freedom of Information requests, 53 
genetic experiments, 57, 60 
germ warfare tests, 43, 59, 70 
government involvement, 40, 43, 44, 45, 48, 58- 

59, 70 

helicopters, 44, 46, 53-54, 56, 57, 59, 70-71 
Hope (Arkansas), 59-60 
hormonal secretions, 40 
imprints, 41, 44, 47, 48, 49 
Kansas City (Missouri), 45 
laser surgery, 41, 42, 60 
Lincoln County (Nevada), 147 
liver analysis, 49 
lymph nodes, 48, 49, 50 
Madison County (Montana), 54 
markings on catde, 50, 51 
Nara Visa (New Mexico), 269 
photomicrographs, 60 
predators, 43, 48-49, 53 
Puerto Rico, 27 
purpose of, 40, 60 
Questa (New Mexico), 270 
radiation, 41, 48, 49-50 
Raton (New Mexico), 269 
rewards, 43, 63 
Satanic cults, 43, 48, 50, 147 
spectroscopic tests, 51, 52, 53 
Springer (New Mexico), 269 
Sterling (Colorado), 54-55 
substances, 48, 49, 51-53, 60 
tissue samples, 41-42 
UFO sightings, 27, 42, 43, 45, 46-47, 51, 52, 53, 

54-55, 56, 59 



animal mutilations (cont.) 
ultraviolet-light tests, 51 
vigilante groups, 46 
Vitamin B12, 49 
Waco (Texas), 58 

anomalous atmospheric phenomena, 29, 33 
antimatter, 181-182, 184, 186 
“antimatter reactor,” 151, 180-182, 186-187, 219, 

222 

Apache Indian Reservation (Duke, New Mexico), 51 
Archuleta Mesa (New Mexico), 57 
Area 51/Groom Lake (Nevada), 138, 170, 171, 174, 

175, 193, 198, 199, 209, 219, 254, 255 

alien base, 137 
alien habitat, 141 
cattle mutilations, 147 
disappearances of personnel, 146 
land seizure, 148-149 
Red Flag exercises, 144-145 
research into recovered discs, 141, 142, 143, 144 
secret aircraft, 138, 149-150 
security, 140, 141, 145, 146, 149, 150, 192-193, 

207 

sightings of discs/UFOs, 139-140, 141, 145-146, 

147, 199, 200 
Soviet aircraft, 139 
underground facility, 140-141, 207 

see also Nevada Test Site; S-4 
Arecibo radio telescope, 27, 259 
Ascension, the, 212 
Ashpole, Edward, 243 
Atomic Energy Commission, 139, 140, 145, 169 
Aurora project, 149, 150, 255 
Australian Defense Department, 110 
Aviation Week & Space Technology, 149-150 
Avro-Car (VZ-9), 143-144 

Banuk, Ronald, 179 
Barnes, Fred, 81 
Barnes, Mark, 150 
Barnett, Grady, 99, 103, 106 
Barros, Luis Fernandes, 92 
Basiago, Andrew, 207-208 
BDM International, 218, 221, 258 
Bean, Alan, 225 
Bean, Beverley, 15, 99-100 
Belgian Air Force, 32-33, 264, 265, 267 
Belgian Defense Ministry, 31-32, 267 
Bell, Griffin B., 272 
Bell JetRanger, 23, 54 
Benezet, Mr., 149 
Bennewitz, Paul, 56-58, 117, 210 
Bentwaters AFB, 40 
Bergman, Jules, 216 
Berliner, Don, 104 
Bible, the, 212 
“Bible” (CIA), 133 
“Bigfoot,” 63, 64, 65, 69, 71, 83 
Birin, Capt. V., 30 
black box (alien device), 68, 69, 87 
black budget, 125, 238 
Black Knight rocket, 107, 108 
black programs, 120, 150, 238 
Blue Berets, 141 
Blum, Howard, 126 
Boeing 737, 174 
Bolender, Brig. Gen., 129 
Bonneau, Daniel, 211, 254 
Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, 73 
Bowker, Lt. Col. Robert, 98 
Bracebridge (Ontario) encounter, 88-89 

Bradshaw, Jane, 147 
Brazel, “Mac,” 97, 98-99 
Brazilian Navy Intelligence, 39, 181, 222-223 
Brenig, Dr. Leon, 264, 265 
British Aerospace 748, 33 
Brookings Institution, 73, 214 
Brown, Sgt. Melvin, 15, 99-101, 276-277 
Brubaker, Curt, 127 
Bryant, Larry, 104-105 
Bulloch, Toni, 204, 205 
Burbach, Senator Jules, 46 
Bureau of Land Management, 148 
Burgess, Dr. Howard, 48, 50-52, 56 
Burrows, William E., 173 
Burtoo, Alfred, 256 
Bush, Dr. Vannevar, 123 
Bush, President George, 174, 215, 226, 240 
Buskirk, Dr., 103 

California Institute of Technology, 203 
California State University, 203 
Cameron, Grant, 253, 254, 258 
Canadian Government, 88, 105 
Canadian National Defense Headquarters, 234 
Canadian UFO Research Network (CUFORN), 88 
Cannon AFB, 141, 145 
Carmichael, Barbara, 235 
Carpenter, John, 102 
Carraizo (Puerto Rico) sighting, 242 
Carswell AFB, 106, 228, 229 
Carter, President Jimmy, 79, 118 
Carter document, 117-120, 121, 122, 137 
Cash, Betty, 57, 136 
Cassity, Burl, 101-102 
Catton, Lt. Col. Jack, 277 
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 17, 34, 39, 118, 

119, 120, 121, 122, 125, 130, 133, 143, 169, 
174, 207, 215, 218, 219, 220, 226, 227, 237, 
258, 262, 263 
Cernan, Eugene, 225 
Chipping Warden (U.K.) sighting, 23-24 
Christ, 116, 212-213 
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), 104, 234, 235 
Clark, Jerome, 252 
Coeme, Guy, 33 
Coleman, Col. William, 111, 112, 128-129, 253 
Collins, Capt. Robert M., 127, 211, 254 
Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI), 46 
Committee for State Security (KGB), 31, 207 
compartmentalization, 18, 121, 130, 151, 173, 176, 

209, 216, 219-220 

Condon Report, 129 
“Condor,” 124, 127-128, 131, 137, 138, 208-209, 

210, 211, 254 
Conrad, Charles, 225 
Cooper, Gordon, 76-77 
Corona (New Mexico) recovery, 96-97, 104, 106 

see also Magdalena; Roswell 

Cosmic Journey project, 224-229, 230, 232, 237-238 

see also National Aeronautics; Space and 

Administration 

Council on Foreign Relations, 214-215 
Cram, T. Scott, 253, 254, 258 
Creighton, Gordon, 34, 94 
cropfield circles, 237 
Cruz, Freddie, 27-28, 240-241 

Dalnegorsk (USSR) recovery, 106-107 
Danielson, Allen, 46 
Day the Earth Stood Still, The, 131 
Dean, Robert, 260 

deaths of scientists, 186-187, 210 
De Brouwer, Col. Wilfried, 33, 264-265, 267 
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), 17, 27, 36, 120, 
121, 122, 125-126, 127, 143, 215, 262, 263, 
280 

Defense Intelligence Staff 
see Ministry of Defense 

Defense Investigative Service, 146, 172 
Defense Science Board, 215, 217 
De Havilland Aircraft Company, 78 
De Los Reyes, Samantha, 101-102 
Delta Force, 149 
demonology, 94-95 
“Dennis,” 151-152, 173, 193 
Department of Defense, 27, 110, 169, 172, 238 
Department of Energy (DOE), 169, 173, 202, 262 
Department of Justice, 271, 272 
Department of Public Safety (DPS), 47 
Department of State, 17, 244, 262 
Derr, Dr. John, 14, 62, 71 
Derr, Janet, 62 
Dfaz Martinez, Dr. Leopoldo, 89-91 
disinformation, 18-19, 57, 92, 109, 110, 114, 117, 

118, 124, 130-131, 135, 138, 142-143, 205, 
210, 212, 243 

Dobbs, David, 139, 140 
Dorr, Robert F., 15, 142-144 
Doty, Richard C., 114-117, 122, 124, 126-127, 132, 

211, 212 

Douglas DC-4, 21, 22 
Downing, Dr. Barry, 212 
“Dreamland” 

see Area 51/Groom Lake 

Duke (New Mexico), 47-50, 51, 56, 57, 210, 274 
Duplantier, Gene, 247 
Dvuzhilni, Valeri, 106-107 

Edwards, Col. Ernest E., 57 
Edwards, Lt. Col. George, 144 
Edwards AFB, 73-75, 76, 80, 112, 277 
EG&G (Edgerton, Germeshausen and Grier), 169, 

170, 171, 174, 196, 255 

Eisenhower, President Dwight, 40, 74, 75, 118, 121, 

123, 277 

electrical damage by UFOs, 242 
electrical interference/power failures caused by UFOs, 

62, 132, 146, 185, 236, 242 

Electromagnetic Continuity Analysis Center, 217 
Electromagnetic Pulse Project (EMP), 217, 258 
electromagnetism (in UFO propulsion), 181, 184, 185 
Element 103, 182 
Element 115/116, 181, 182, 186, 206 
Ellington Field 

see National Aeronautics and Space Administration 

Embassy Security Survey, 217 
Emenegger, Robert, 14, 111-112, 113, 117, 225 
Erianne, George, 58-59 
E.T., 81, 131 
Exhibition of Economic Achievements (Moscow), 31 
Expo ’92, 238 
Extraterrestrial Biological Entities (EBEs): 

abductions, purpose of, 40 
anatomy, 115, 133-134 
autopsies, 133, 134, 176 
communications with, 115, 1F8-M20, 132-133 
defensive system, 132 
diet, 134, 135 
EBE-1, 115, 118-119, 120, 132 
EBE-2, 115, 132, 133 
EBE-3, 115, 133 
“exchange program” with, 132, 133 

INDEX 

283 

genetic manipulation by, 116, 211, 212 
government “deal” with, 40, 57, 137 
language difficulties, 118-119, 133 
life span, 134 
medical examinations, 119, 134 
music, 135 
origin, 115, 119, 133, 134, 211 
recoveries of, 115, 118, 119, 133 
religion, 134-135, 211-212 
survival of, 115, 118, 119 

“Falcon,” 114, 124-125, 126-127, 129-131, 132- 

135, 136-137, 138, 208-209, 210, 211 

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), 26, 39, 53, 

150 

Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 17, 46, 47, 52- 

53, 64, 121, 122, 126, 146, 193, 262, 273- 
274 

Feld, Kenneth, 224 
Feld Productions Inc., 224, 238 
Figueroa, Miguel, 239 
Fischer, John, 123 
Flying Complaints Flight 

see Royal Air Force 

Flying Saucer Review, 31,77 
Fontes, Dr. Olavo, 39, 93, 181, 222-223 
Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board, 215 
Forrestal, James, 123 
Fort Allen (Puerto Rico) sighting, 241 
Freedom of Information Act, 17, 53, 104-105, 120, 

125, 130, 234, 235 

Friedman, Stanton, 96, 102, 104, 123, 203 
Friend, Col. Robert, 128 
Frost, John, 143 
Fry, Daniel, 14, 79-80, 84, 186, 243-244 
Fund for UFO Research, 106, 123, 251-252 

Gammon, Col. Robert, 143-144 
General Dynamics F-16, 32-33 
General Dynamics F-lll, 145 
General Dynamics/McDonnell Douglas A-12, 149 
genetic manipulation (by aliens), 39, 40, 57, 60, 79, 

116, 211, 212 

German disc research, 143 
Gersten, Peter, 122 
Girodo, Lou, 55-56 
Girvan, Waveney, 77, 78 
Gleason, Jackie, 104-105 
Goldwater, Senator Barry, 122 
Gomez, Manuel, 47, 49, 50, 51 
Gomez, Mauricio, 50 
Goodall, James, 138-139, 200, 254 
Goodman, Billy, 257, 258 
Gorbachev, President Mikhail, 31, 81 
Gordon, Stan, 97 
Government Communications Headquarters (U.K.), 

36 

Graham, Lee, 97 
Graham, Leroy, 51-52 
Graves, Harry, 54-55 
gravitational distortion, 183, 185, 188-189, 191-192, 

257 

gravitons, 182 
gravity amplifiers/generators, 178, 182-183, 185, 189, 

191-192, 219 

Great Sand Dunes National Monument (Colorado) 

sighting, 42 
Green Berets, 149 
green fireballs, 120-121, 252 
Greenwood, Barry, 116, 123 
Grevler, Ann, 75 

284 

INDEX 

Griffith, Ambassador, 76 
Groom Lake 
see Area 51 

Groom Mountain Range, 148-149, 150, 199, 200 
Groznyy (Chechen-Ingush) sighting, 30-31 
Grumman F-14, 26 
Guerin, Dr. Pierre, 60-61 
Gulf Breeze (Florida) sightings, 191, 217, 219, 236 
Gunston, Bill, 139 

Haines, Dr. Richard, 23, 93, 94 
Hall, Buchard, 77 
Hall, Ross, 78 
hallucination, 22-23, 71, 72 
Hamilton III, William, 150 
Haskell, Senator Floyd, 46 
Hastings, Robert, 123, 127 
Haut, Walter, 106 
Hayakawa, Norio, 200 
Helms, Paul Roy, 74 
Henderson, Capt. O.W., 106 
Herrmann, William, 87 
hieroglyphs (alien), 97-98, 185-186 
Hieronimus, Dr. Robert, 216 
Hieronimus, Dr. Zoh, 216 
Hillenkoetter, Vice Adm. Roscoe, 123 
Hill-Norton, Adm. Lord, 11-12, 15, 216, 217, 260 
Hineman, Everett, 218, 219-221 
Holloman AFB, 88, 112-114, 116, 254 
Holt, AJan, 184-185 
Homestead AFB, 104, 105 
Hopkins, Budd, 40 
“Horner,” Col., 112 
House of Representatives, 26, 148-149 
Howe, Linda, 14, 42, 54, 55, 58, 59, 60, 113, 114- 

117, 122, 126, 132, 137, 211, 212, 225 

Huff, Gene, 14, 169, 170-171, 189, 190-191, 192- 

193 

Huffman (Texas) sighting, 57, 136-137 
Hunt, Mike, 139-140 
Hynek, Dr. J. Allen, 45 
hyperspace travel, 184-185, 192 
hypnosis (as a security measure), 176, 206 
hypnotic regression, 86, 93, 102, 206 

IBM, 60 
“Identified Alien Crafts” (IAC), 115, 118, 120 
incubi, 95 
Indian Springs Air Force Auxiliary Field, 175, 193, 

195 

indoctrination program, 18-19, 111, 113, 122, 131, 

212-213, 217, 221, 225, 245 

Ingraham, Raymond, 43-45 
injuries from UFOs, 57, 67, 83-84, 92, 93 
Inman, Adm. Bobby Ray, 14, 214-215, 220, 223- 

224 

Institute for Defense Analysis, 124, 214, 215 
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), 202 
invisibility of aliens and craft, 55, 56, 74, 75-76, 185 
Iowa Bureau of Criminal Investigation, 46 

Jackson, Bill, 55 
Jacobs, Dr. David M., 247 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, 125, 130, 216, 219, 234, 263, 

278 

Joint Verification Experiment, 255 
Just Cause, 104 

Keck, Layne, 206 
Kecksburg (Pennsylvania) recovery, 97-98 
Kecskemet (Hungary) encounter, 239 

Keesler AFB, 233 
Kellenbarger, Mike, 43, 45 
Kelley, Clarence, 46 
KGB 

see Committee for State Security 

Kiev (Ukraine) encounter, 239 
Kinder, Gary, 256 
King, Harry, 44 
King, Melanie, 229-230 
King, Tom, 216, 223 
Kirchgessner, Robert, 224-225 
Kirtland AFB, 56, 57, 114, 115, 117, 120, 202 
Klass, Philip J., 123 
KLAS-TV (Las Vegas), 14, 150, 193, 197, 255, 257 
Knapp, George, 14, 151-152, 171, 172, 173, 174, 

176, 177, 181, 186, 187, 193, 197-200, 202, 
208, 209 

Kremlin Palace, 81 
Kromschroeder, John, 106 
KVEG Radio (Las Vegas), 196 

“L,” Col., 146 
Lacas, Victoria, 114 
Lade, John, 77-78 
Laguna Cartagena 
see Puerto Rico 

Lamm, Governor Richard, 47 
Lamm, Senator Charles, 147 
Landrum, Vickie, 136 
Las Vegas District Court, 204 
Las Vegas Metro Vice Squad, 204 
Layne, Meade, 73, 277 
Lazar, Carol, 202, 204 
Lazar, Robert, 14, 219, 221, 245 

amnesia, 176, 206, 212 
arrest, 204-205 
as a participant in an indoctrination program, 212- 

213, 221 

Aurora project, knowledge of, 255 
background, 172, 202-204 
blood tests, 206 
breaking security, reasons for, 194-196 
corroborative evidence for claims, 137, 138-144, 

145-146, 147, 150, 181, 190-192, 198-200, 
201-202, 207-208, 213, 222 

court case, 204-205 
debriefing, 193, 195 
“Dennis” pseudonym, 151, 152 
designing and engineering skills, 203 
discrediting efforts, 194, 202, 203-204, 212 
drugs and hypnosis, 176, 206 
hypnotic regression, 176, 206 
interviews for job at S-4, 169, 170, 172 
intimidation and threats, 151, 176, 193-194, 195, 

206 

IRS findings, 202 
meeting with Dr. Edward Teller, 171-172 
official denials of claims, 171, 201, 202 
polygraph tests, 197 
prostitution, involvement in, 204-205 
qualifications, problems with, 202-203 
relationship with John Lear, 169, 170 
security clearances of, 172-173, 209 
Social Security Administration findings, 202 
Special Background Investigation, 172 
W-2 form, 173, 201-202, 205 

see also S-4; Area 51/Groom Lake 

Lazar, Tracy, 189, 190, 192 
Lear, Bill, 21-23 
Lear, John, 14, 39-40, 110, 145, 169-171, 189, 190, 

192-193, 198 

Lear, William P., 22 
Lebedev, Nikolai, 30, 106, 107 
Lee, Elsa, 23 
Lehman, Judge, 204-205 
LeMay, Gen. Curtis, 122 
Leningrad television, 31 
Leon, Peter, 126 
Leonov, Alexei, 225 
Le Poer Trench, Brinsley, 75 
Leslie, Desmond, 74-75 
Light, Gerald, 73-74, 275 
Lockheed-Califomia Company, 139, 207 
Lockheed F-117A, 138, 139, 149, 254, 267 
Lockheed P-38, 21 
Lockheed SR-71, 150, 170, 255 
London Air Traffic Control Center, 24 
Los Alamos Medical Laboratories, 49 
Los Alamos National Laboratory, 102, 111, 115, 171, 

172, 198, 202, 203 
Lounsberry, William, 106 
Luckman, Michael, 250 
Lukens, John, 204 

Maccabee, Dr. Bruce, 237 
McCarran International Airport (Las Vegas), 169, 174 
McChesney, Dr. Albert, 59 
McConnell, Lamont, 85 
McDonald, W. M., 235 
McDonnell Douglas F-18, 241 
McGuire, Pat, 54 
McIntyre, Bishop, 73 
McKittrick, Beverly, 104, 105 
McNamara, Robert, 45 
McNeill, Ginny, 255 
McQuiston, Charles, 88 
Magdalena (New Mexico) recovery, 98-99, 102-104 

see also Corona; Roswell 

Majestic-12 (MJ-12): 

briefing document, 40, 98, 121, 123, 124 
clearance, 172-173, 202 
dubious provenance of document, 123 
FBI investigation, 121, 126 
MJ-SETI, 126 
organization, 115-116, 118, 120, 123-124, 125, 

128, 135, 214 
Majowicz, Mike, 172 
Maltais, Verne, 106 
Maltsev, Gen. Igor, 28-29, 30 
“Mann,” Sgt., 112 
Manzano Nuclear Weapons Storage Area (New Mexico

) sightings, 57 

Marcel, Dr. Jesse, 97, 106 
Marcel, Maj. Jesse, 97, 101, 106 
Mariani, Dennis, 173, 193-194 
Marshall, Gen. George, 105-106 
Martin, Jorge, 15, 25, 27, 28, 239, 240, 241, 242- 

243 

Martinez, Mr., 50 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), 203 
Meier, Eduard (“Billy”), 177, 256 
Mercado, Carlos Manuel, 240 
Merritt, Al, 38 
Merritt, Elizabeth, 37-38 
Miami (Florida) encounter, 239 
Michaud, Michael, 244-245 
microgravity, 230-231 
Mil Mi-2, 24 
Miller, Norman, 80-81, 250 
Millis, M.G., 184 
Ministry of Defense (U.K.): 

approaches to witnesses, 37 

INDEX 

285 

attitude to UFOs, 24, 33, 38-39 
budget for UFO research (1978), 39 
CIA liaison, 34 
Defense Intelligence Agency Liaison (DIALL), 36 
Defense Intelligence Staff, 34, 35-36 
Deputy Directorate of Intelligence, 34, 36-37 
Directorate of Scientific and Technical Intelligence, 

34, 37 

Government Buildings (Acton), 34-35 
Main Building (Whitehall), 36 
Metropole Building, 34, 35 
top-secret UFO investigations, 34-35, 36, 39 
USAF liaison, 34 

Minnesota Multiphasic Personality, 85 
Mitchell, Andrew, 38 
Mitchell, Dr. Edgar, 206-207 
Monteith, Dr. Henry, 55 
Moody, Sgt. Charles, 86-88 
Moore, William, 14, 56-57, 88, 96, 117-118, 120, 

121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 131, 132, 
135, 137, 170-171, 225 

Morris, Dr. Michael, 184 
Muller, Robert, 91 
Muroc Air Base 

see Edwards AFB 
Murphy, Mark, 54 
mutilations 

see animal mutilations 

Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), 216, 224 
mystery aircraft, 56 

Nalchik Airport (Kabardino-Balkar) sighting, 24-25 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
(NASA), 214, 225, 226, 231, 232, 238 

activities in Puerto Rico, 241 
Ambassador (shuttle mock-up), 226, 228, 230 
Apollo-Soyuz Test Project, 215 
“bunker,” 231-232 
Cosmic Journey project, involvement with, 224, 

225, 226, 227, 230, 232 

denial of claims by Bob Oechsler, 237 
Ellington Field, 229, 230, 232 
Goddard Space Flight Center, 215 
International Ultra-Violet Explorer, 215 
Johnson Space Center, 230, 233 
microgravity chamber, 230-231 
protein crystal experiments, 231 
SETI budget, 238 
SETI program, 215, 238, 243 
space shuttle orbiter, 226, 230 

National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena

 (NICAP), 77, 253 

National Military Command Center (NMCC), 130 
National Photographic Interpretation Center (NPIC), 

227 

National Science Foundation, 124 
National Security Agency (NSA), 17, 36, 109-110, 
120, 121, 122, 125, 135-136, 214, 215, 262 
National Security Council (NSC), 17, 118, 125, 148 
National Space Council, 226, 237-238, 259 
NATO 

see North Atlantic Treaty Organization 

NBC Nightly News, 200 
Nebraska National Guard, 46 
Needham, Bob, 38 
Nellis AFB, 138, 139, 140, 142, 144, 145-146, 169, 

199, 200 

Nellis Air Force Range, 138, 140, 146, 199, 219 
Nevada Test Site, 138, 146-147, 149, 169, 170, 175, 

186-187, 199, 255 

see also Area 51/Groom Lake 

286 

INDEX 

New Mexico State Police, 47, 269-270 
Nickell, Joe, 123 
Nippon Television Network, 194, 200 
Nixon, President Richard, 104 
Nolla, Col. Jose, 27 
North American Aerospace Defense Command 

(NORAD), 232-235, 278-279 

North American B-25, 128 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), 144, 

216, 260, 263 

Northrop B-2, 208, 267 
Northrop TR-3A, 149, 255 
Norton AFB, 111 
Nourse, Dr. Edwin, 73 
Noyes, Ralph, 15 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 172 
Nuebert, Michael, 38-39 
Nunnallee, Capt., 141 

Oates, Dr. Chris, 60 
Oberth, Dr. Hermann, 91-92 
Oechsler, Mary, 237 
Oechsler, Robert, 14, 63, 101-102, 222 

alien encounter, 229-230 
background, 215-216, 225, 226, 228 
“bunker” visit, 231-232 
CIA visits, 219-221, 237 
conversations with Admiral Inman, 214, 216-218 
conversations with Rear Admiral Shapiro, 221-222, 

223 

on Electromagnetic Pulse Project, 258 
followed by car, 237 
helicopter incident, 235, 236, 237 
helicopter ride, 232-233 
investigations into Lazar’s W-2 form, 201-202 
involvement with Cosmic Journey project, 225, 

226-229, 230, 232, 237 

memory problems, 63, 229, 230 
microgravity chamber visit, 230-231 
NORAD platform visit, 232-234 
official denials, 223-224, 237 
Pentagon visit, 226-229 
UFO sightings, 235, 236, 237 
on videotape analysis, 191-192 
visit by Army colonel, 235-236, 237 

Office of Strategic Services, 207 
Old Executive Office Building, 237 
O’Leary, Dr. Brian, 245 
Oliver, Dr. Bernard, 243 
Ontario Provincial Police, 88 
Overlade, Dr. Dan, 220 

Papoose Dry Lake (Nevada), 174, 175, 176, 177 
Papoose Mountain Range, 174 
paralysis (by aliens), 63, 67 
Parrish, Lt., 145 
Paynter, Bill, 80, 250 
Pensacola Naval Air Station, 219 
Pentagon, the, 88, 111, 128, 130, 144, 226-229, 230, 

258 

Pereslavl-Zalesskiy (Russia) sighting, 29-30 
Petersen, Maj. Hans, 81-82 
Philadelphia Experiment, 88 
Phillips, Col. Harold E., 126 
Phillips, Col. R., 125 
Pickle, Congressman J. J., 246 
Pine Gap (Australia), 109-110 
polygraph tests, 85, 197 
Pratt, Bob, 92 
Project Aquarius, 116, 118, 120, 125, 126 
Project Aurora, 149, 150, 255 

Project Bando, 119 
Project Blue Book, 45, 111, 118, 127-129 
Project Galileo, 209 
Project Garnet, 116 
Project Gleem, 118, 119 
Project Looking Glass, 209 
Project Overview, 210 
Project Pounce, 120 
Project Red Light, 139-141 
Project Sidekick, 209-210 
Project Sigma, 116, 119, 120, 121 
Project Snowbird, 57, 116, 120, 121, 136-137, 186 
Prokoshin, S., 30 
Provost and Security Services 

see Royal Air Force 

Psychological Stress Evaluation (PSE), 87-88 
Public Record Office (U.K.), 37 
Puerto Rico: 

aircraft disappearances, 25-27, 241 
alien base, 240, 241 
alien encounters, 239, 240 
alien liaison, 28, 241, 242 
blue smoke, 240 
Cabo Rojo sightings, 25-28, 240-241 
Department of Natural Resources, 27 
earth tremor and explosion, 240 
electrical blackout/damage, 242 
Fort Allen sighting, 241 
Geographical Intelligence, 27 
Government Operations, 27 
Laguna Cartagena mcidents/sightings, 28, 239-241 
NASA activities, 241 
National Guard, 27 
Observatory of Arecibo, 27, 259 
official responses, 25-27 
Senate hearing, 27 
State Agency of Civil Defense, 27, 240 
U.S. Army briefings, 241-242 
U.S. monitoring stations, 240 

“Q” clearance, 139, 172 
Quayle, Vice President Dan, 226, 238 
Quintinilla, Maj. Hector, 45 

radar cases, 24-25, 27, 29-30, 31, 32-33, 55, 82, 

112, 140, 150, 199, 233, 234-235 

radiation from UFOs, 41, 48, 49-50, 57, 93, 136, 

185 

Ramirez, Quintin, 240 
Randle, Kevin, 96, 102 
Randles, Jenny, 247 
Reagan, Nancy, 80 
Reagan, President Ronald, 79, 80-81, 250, 258 
Redfern, Nicholas, 14-15, 36, 37 
Research and Development Board, 105, 124 
“reverse engineering,” 179 
Reynolds Electrical and Engineering Company, 196, 

255 

Riabishev, Maj. P., 31 
Rich, Ben, 139 
Richards, Sheriff, 46 
Ridpath, Ian, 243 
Ringling Brothers and Bamum and Bailey International

 Inc., 224 

Rittenhouse, John, 148-149 
Rockwell International, 224, 226 
Rodeffer, Madeleine, 257 
Rogers, Rear Adm. David, 26-27 
Romansky, Jim, 98 
Rommel, Kenneth, Jr., 52-53, 273-274 
Rosenbaum, Dr., 85 

Roswell Army Air Field, 97, 99, 101, 106 
Roswell (New Mexico) recovery, 99-100, 101, 115 

see also Corona; Magdalena 

Royal Air Force (U.K.) 
CIA liaison with, 34 
Deputy Directorate of Intelligence, 34, 36 
Directorate of Scientific and Technical Intelligence, 

34, 37 

fighter controllers and UFOs, 33 
Flying Complaints Flight (FCF), 34-36 
Provost and Security Services, 34-36 
RAF Honington, 38 
RAF Rudloe Manor, 34, 35 
RAF Topcliffe, 37 
top-secret UFO investigations, 34-35, 36, 37, 39 
U.S. Air Force liaison with, 34 

see also Ministry of Defense 
Royal Danish Air Force, 81-82 
Russian Security Ministry and Foreign Intelligence Service

, 31 

Sandia National Laboratories, 48, 50, 55, 103, 120, 

127, 202 

Sandler, Allan, 111, 112 
Sarbacher, Dr. Robert, 105 
Saul’s conversion, 212 
Schmid, Jack, 238 
Schmitt, Donald, 96, 102 
Schmitt, Senator Harrison, 53, 258, 271-272 
Schoenfeld, Dr. Robert, 52 
Schoenfeld Clinical Laboratories, 51, 52 
Schultz, Gary, 200 
Scott, William B., 150 
Scully, Frank, 98, 105, 222 
“Seagull,” 120 
SEALs 

see United States Navy 

Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI), 238, 

243 

Secret Service, 199 
Security Service (U.K.), 36 
Seiberling, Congressman John F., 148-149 
Seixas, Elias, 93-94 
Seligman, Michael, 127 
Semenchenko, Lt. Col., 29 
Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI), 121, 

173, 216 

S-4 test site, 145, 169, 170, 171, 173, 185, 186, 195, 

201, 206, 212, 219, 221 
alien presence, 152, 208-209 
as “pure theater,” 205-206 
as “set-up,” 170 
as “S/FOUR,” 170-171 
briefing papers, 176, 209-212 
claims of construction worker, 196 
confusion with other S-4 test sites, 170 
deaths of personnel, 210 
equipment at site, 179, 205-206 
hangars, 174-175, 206 
location of, 174, 175, 176, 200 
presence of other craft, 151, 187 
security, 176, 188, 206 
“Sport Model,” 177-179, 180-181, 182-183, 

185-186 

test flights, 187-188, 189, 190-191 

Shadow (UAV), 149, 255 
Shakleford, Richard, 140 
Shandera, Jaime, 14, 121, 123, 124, 126, 129-130, 

131, 132-133, 135, 136 

Shapiro, Rear Adm. Sumner, 218, 221-222, 223 
Shartle, Paul, 111, 113-114 

INDEX 

287 

Shevardnadze, Edvard, 81 
Shirkey, Robert, 106 
Shults, Jim, 139 
Silka, V., 24 
“Skunk Works” (Lockheed-California), 139 
Slay, Ron, 197 
Smith, Gen. Walter Bedell, 17 
Smith, Wilbert, 105 
Social Security Administration, 202 
Societe Beige d’Etude des Phenomenes Spatiaux 

(SOBEPS), 33, 264 

Socorro (New Mexico) encounter, 114 
Sosa, Wilson, 25-26 
Soviet Air Force, 28-31 
Soviet Government, 11 

communications with aliens, 136 

Soviet Navy, 106-107 
Soviet Union, collapse of, 18 
Soviet/U.S. cooperation, 139 
alien technology, 151-152 
alien threat, 81 
EMP project, 255 
nuclear test monitoring, 255 

Space Coupling Propulsion, 184 
Space Detection and Tracking System (SPADATS), 

234 

space shuttle orbiter 

see National Aeronautics and Space Administration 

space-time distortion, 95, 182-185, 189 

see also gravitational distortion 

“Sparrow,” 127 
Special Access Programs (SAPs), 173, 238 
Special Background Investigation (SBI), 172 
Special Development Group (Kenneth Feld Productions

), 224-226 

speed of light, 183, 184, 185 
Spiegel, Lee, 76 
Spielberg, Steven, 81 
Sprinkle, Dr. Leo, 14, 62, 71 
spy satellites, 110, 227 
Stafford, Thomas, 225 
Star of Bethlehem, 212 
Star Trek, 184 
“Star Wars” 

see Strategic Defense Initiative 

Statser, Larry, 52 
stealth aircraft, 138, 139, 149-150, 170, 200, 208, 

232, 254, 267 

Steinman, William, 14, 105, 140, 147 
Sterling (Colorado) sightings, 54-55 
Stevens, Lt. Col. Wendelle, 14, 140-141, 145, 146, 

147 

Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), 139, 152, 171, 174 
Strieber, Whitley, 94 
Stringfield, Leonard, 96, 97, 127, 251 
Stripling, Juanita, 59-60 
succubi, 95 
Suffern, Robert, 88-89 
“superbomb,” 186, 245 
Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe 

(SHAPE), 260, 263 

Tafoya, Raleigh, 51 
Taos (New Mexico) sightings, 51, 52, 56, 274 
Tarnaszentmaria (Hungary) encounter, 239 
TASS news agency, 239 
Tavernetti, Terry, 197 
telepathy (with aliens), 77, 79, 82, 86, 103, 229, 230 
Teller, Dr. Edward, 171-172 
thermoelectric generator, 182 
Thome, Dr. Kip, 184 

288 

INDEX 

time distortion, 182-184, 189 
time travel, 182, 183, 184, 185 
Todd, Robert, 235 
Tokarz, Harry, 88 
Tonopah Test Range Airfield (TTR), 138, 139, 140, 

141, 145, 175, 254 

translation devices (alien), 83, 114 
translucence (in alien technology), 84, 185-186 
Troston (U.K.) sighting, 37-38 
Truman, President Harry, 123, 124, 133 
Turner, Adm. Stansfield, 173 
Twining, Gen. Nathan, 101 

UFO Education Center, 90 
“UFO Working Group,” 126 
United Kingdom Government, 36 
United Nations, 76-77, 90, 91 
United States Air Force (USAF), 44, 62, 71, 74-75, 
76, 84, 86, 88, 100, 111, 113, 114, 115, 120, 
122, 127, 128, 129, 136, 139, 143-145, 148- 
149, 150, 215, 225, 253, 263, 267, 277, 278 

Air Defense Command, 66 
Air Force Academy, 43 
Air Force Manual, 190-4, 253 
Air Force Space Command, 235 
Air Materiel Command, 101 
Air National Guard, 66 
Air Technical Intelligence Center, 142 
Air Technical Intelligence Command, 98 
Alien Technology Center, 139 
author’s apology to, 253 
bases, indexed, separately 
Groom Lake, see Area 51 
Groom Range land seizure, 148-149 
Human Reliability Program (HRP), 88 
Intelligence, 17, 34, 56-57, 121, 122, 262, 263 
Office of Special Investigations (OSI), 56-57, 111, 

114, 117 

Project Blue Book, 45, 111, 118, 127-129 
Red Flag, 144-145 
Strategic Air Command (SAC), 122, 234 
Tactical Air Command, 145 
27th Tactical Fighter Wing, 141, 145 
37th Tactical Fighter Wing, 138 
4477th Test and Evaluation Squadron, 139 

United States Army, 82, 100, 136, 143-144, 235- 

236, 276 

Army Air National Guard, 97 
Army News Service, 105 
Army Reserve, 241 
briefing on aliens, 241-242 
Intelligence, 17, 45, 122, 262 

United States Chamber of Commerce, 216 
United States Congress, 106, 174, 196, 253 
United States Government, 11, 15, 28, 40, 43, 56, 57, 

58-59, 81, 88-89, 105, 110, 111, 114, 116, 
127, 129, 130, 131, 136, 137, 138, 142-143, 
150-151, 169, 174, 179, 200, 224, 242 

United States Intelligence Community, 18, 36, 57, 

117, 121, 122, 133, 135, 170, 173, 174, 213, 
214, 217, 220, 222, 224, 225, 226, 229, 237, 
262 

United States Marine Corps, 144, 262 
United States Navy, 88, 125, 136, 144, 152, 201, 

215, 221, 237, 241 

“Department of Naval Intelligence,” 173, 201, 205 
Naval Intelligence Support Center, 120, 125 
Naval Observatory (Washington, D.C.), 125 
Naval Research Advisory Committee, 124 
Naval Space Surveillance System, 234 
Navy Auxiliary, 140-141 
Office of Naval Intelligence, 17, 88, 121, 122, 125, 
173, 201, 205, 214, 215, 218, 221, 223, 262 

Sea-Air-Land units (SEALs), 149 

United States Postal Service, 201 
United States Senate, 271, 272 
University of Maryland, 214, 215, 216 
Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), 149 
Uribe, Mitchell, 147 
Utah (recovery), 119 

Valdez, Gabriel, 47-50, 53 
Valentich, Frederick, 25 
Vallee, Dr. Jacques, 92, 205-206 
Van Arsdale, Dr. Peter, 14, 62, 71 
Velazquez, Santiago, 25 
Velazquez, Yesenia, 25 
Villas Boas, Antonio, 92-93 
Von Braun, Dr. Wemher, 91 
Voronezh (Russia) encounters, 75-76, 239 

Waco (Texas) encounter, 58 
Walker, Dr. Eric A., 124 
Walters, Ed, 191, 219, 236, 237, 239 
Walters, Frances, 219, 239 
Walton, Travis, 83-86, 186 
Watergate scandal, 112, 148 
Weinbrenner, Col. George, 111 
Westerman, John W., 125-126 
White House, 74, 79, 81, 17 130, 237, 263 
White Sands Missile Rang Jd, 102 
Williams, Marion Leo, 207-208 
Winfrey, Oprah, 206-207 
Wolverton, Keith, 55 
Woodbridge AFB, 40 
Woomera Test Range (Australia) recovery, 107-109 
Worden, Col. Simon Pete, 237-238 
“worm holes,” 184 
Wright, Sgt., 88 
Wright-Patterson AFB, 96, 98, 106, 109, 112, 115, 

122, 124, 127, 215 

Wyatt, L.C., 59 

Yaoi, Jun-Ichi, 225 
“Yellow Book,” 133 
Yurtsever, Dr. Ulvi, 184 

Zahrodney, Mast. Sgt. Theodore, 125 
Zamora, Lonnie, 114 
Zeissig, Kurt, 253 
zeta particles, 182 
Zeta Reticuli, 119, 133, 211, 254 
Zinsstag, Lou, 77, 78 



=======================================================================
Appraise


Following his international best-seller Above 
Top Secret, which proved with official documentation
 that many governments throughout
 the world have covered up information 
on UFOs, Timothy Good now reveals the 
startling truth about extraterrestrial visitation
: Contact has been established. 

Alien Contact contains astounding new 
evidence, supported by interviews with key 
military, scientific, and intelligence personnel
. Among its disclosures: 

• Confirmation by two former U.S. Intelligence
 directors and other intelligence 
personnel that extraterrestrial craft are 
in possession of the government. 
• Revelations by a physicist and military 
personnel that alien craft have been 
test-flown at a top-secret installation in 
the Nevada desert. 
• Reports from intelligence officers 
describing communications with aliens 
and alien anatomy, and the medical 
examination of a live extraterrestrial 
by a respected doctor. 
• A former NASA engineer’s visit to a 
top-secret North American Aerospace 
Defense Command installation where 
extraterrestrial spacecraft are tracked 
regularly, and his firsthand experience 
of alien technology in use by NASA. 
• New evidence-including official FBI 
and police reports-linking UFOs with 
disturbing animal mutilations. 
• President Rom Id Reagan’s UFO sight- 
ing and his discussion with President 
Gorbachev regarding the possibility of 
an extraterrestrial tlireat. 
• Evidence of an alien base in Puerto 
Rico. 
• The top-secret project to educate the 

(continued on back flap) 
(continued from front flap) 

public about alien visitation, including 
plans to exhibit an alien craft and body. 

Already known for offering compelling 
evidence that the intelligence communities 
of the United States, Great Britain, Canada, 
and other nations have channeled millions of 
dollars into secret “black” projects for UFO 
research, Timothy Good now takes his conclusions
 one step further. Alien Contact provides
 sensational new evidence obtained 
from his worldwide investigation into the 
ultimate secret-at a level of serious enquiry 
impossible to ignore. 

Born in London in 1942, Timothy Good first 
became interested in UFOs in 1955. Now 
regarded as a top authority, he has broadcast 
and lectured on the subject throughout the 
world, and has conducted extensive investigations
 in the United States for many years. 
Timothy Good is also a professional violinist 
and was a member of the London Symphony 
Orchestra for fourteen years. Nowadays he is 
involved in free-lance session work for films, 
television, and recordings with pop musicians
. In 1980 he was elected to the Royal 
Society of Musicians. 

A Book-of-the-Month Club Selection 

Foreword by Admiral of the Fleet The Lord 
Hill-Norton GCB, Chief of the Defense Staff 
(1971-1973) and Chairman of the NATO Military
 Committee (1974-1977). 

Jacket design by Robert Aulicino 

Front jacket photograph by the Stock Solution 

William Morrow & Company, Inc. 

1350 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, N.Y. 10019 

Printed in U.S.A. 

“The hottest topic among UFO enthusiasts is what they describe 
as the federal government’s experience with aliens....Timothy 
Good and a group of investigators in the United States...have 

documentary evidence that the government hid its 

knowledge....The charges are contained in Mr, Good’s 

bookAbove Top Secret....” 

-The New York Times 

I jT ^ “[The] Bible for UFO watchers” 

-The Wall Street Journal 

“A noteworthy contribution to the field” 

-Kirkus Reviews 

“One of the best-documented UFO books ever written” 

-Booklist 

“A startling story of not only UFOs, but of government coverup 

and involvement at high levels” 

-Bookwatch 

“A valuable contribution to UFO literature and a fascinating 

read because it is well written, carefully researched, and packed 

with amazing accounts of UFO sightings.” 

-The Commercial Appeal, Memphis, Tennessee 

“The entire idea of a worldwide cover-up is incredible... 

[but] the evidence for such a cover-up is convincing, and 

sets it out in great detail.f 

-The Virginian-Pilot 

“It’s no exaggeration to say that this is the most significant 

book ever written about UFOs.” 

-The Toronto Star X 

“Timothy Good’s stimulating and brilliantly structured book is 

a masterful detective story worthy of Agatha Christie or 

Franz Kafka....Good’s book may, in fact, be regarded by history 

as one of the most interesting books on any subject to be 

l written in the last ten years.” 

-Ottawa Citizen 


