============================================================================
Title Pages



NEED TO KNOW

Also	by Timothy Good
Above Top Secret
Alien Liaison
Alien Update
Beyond Top Secret
Alien Base
Unearthly Disclosure

TIMOTHY GOOD
NEED TO KNOW
UFOs, the Military and Intelligence
PEGASUS BOOKS
NEW YORK
Need To Know
Pegasus Books LLC

45 Wall Street, Suite 1021
New York, NY 10005

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is available.

ISBN: 978-1-933648-38-5
10 9878654321
Printed in the United States of America
Distributed by Consortium

Dedicated to
MAJOR L. GORDON COOPER
(1927-2004)

Contents

Acknowledgements ix
Foreword xi
INTRODUCTION 1
PART ONE: 1930-69
1. DAWN OF AN ERA 11
2. SECOND WORLD WAR 17
3. 6HOST ROCKETS 35
6. CONFLICT 53
5. ROSWELL 67
6. A STATE OF SIEGE 99
7. AZTEC 117
PART TWO: 1950-9
8. MAJIC 127
9. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE 135
10. FIGHTER COMMAND 167
11. UPSURGE 159
12. WASHINGTON WATERSHED 171
13. INIMICAL FORCES 183
16. SPECIAL POWERS 205
15. UFO'S - SERIOUS BUSINESS 215
16.	6LOBAL DEVELOPMENTS 231
PART THREE: 1960-2006
17.	BLACKOUT 263
18. A POSITIVE THREAT 263
19. ENCOUNTERS AT SEA 279
20. A GLOBAL PHENOMENON 295
21. INTRUSIONS AT USAF BASES 321
22. EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE 333
23. INTRUSIONS AND INCURSIONS IN THE USSR 351
26. THE BRAZILIAN THEATRE 367
25. OPEN SKIES 379
26. CONFLICTING TRAFFIC 399
27. STAR WARS 617
Index 633

============================================================================
Acknowledgments
It would be impracticable to thank all those who have contributed directly
or indirectly to the production of Need to	but I would like to record
my thanks in particular to the following individuals and organizations:
Jan Aldrich; Johan Andersson; Don Berliner and Robert J. Durant;
Larry Bryant; Rhiannon Burmss; John Callahan; Grant Cameron; Franklin
Carter; the Center for UFO Studies and the International UFO Reporter, the
Central Intelligence Agency; Bill Chalker; China Daily; the Chinese Air
Force; Ronald C. Claridge DFC; David Clarke and Andy Roberts; the
Defense Intelligence Agency; Copyprint Bromley, especially Joanne, Karly,
Mike, Simon and Victoria; Philip Corso Jr; Glenn Dennis; Robert F. Dorr;
Frederick C. Durant; Ethan Eisenberg; the Federal Bureau of Investigation;
Flight Data Center; Flying Saucer Review; Fortean Picture Library; Raymond
E. Fowler; Rene Giraud; Jay Gourley, Jean Gabriel Gresle; Dr Richard
Haines; Richard H. Hall; C. M. Hanna; Jan Harzan; David J. Hastings;
Georgina Howell; Tim Iahn; the Indian Air Force; Japan Airlines; Philip
Jarrett; Anthony L. Kimery, George Knapp; Andrzej Krzewski; the Los
Angeles Times; the Ministry of Defence; Jean-Pierre Morin; the Mutual
UFO Network and the MUFON UFO Journal; the National Archives,
London, and the National Archives, Washington, DC; the National Security
Agency, Newsweek; New York Times; Sid Padrick; Dr Hal Puthoff; Gian J.
Quasar; Nick Redfem; Madeleine Rodeffer; the Royal Air Force; Bradford
Runyon Jr; Mike Sacks; Robert Salas and James Klotz; John F. Schuessler;
L. Schultz; Esen $ekerkarar; Time; Tim Shawcross; Margaret Sheppard;
Arthur Stansel; Carlton Stowers and the Dallas Observer, Clas Svahn; UFO
Magazine; Rebecca Ullrich; the US Air Force; the US Army, the US Navy,
Dorothee Walter; the Washington Post; Fred Whiting and the Fund for
UFO Research; Steve Williams; John Timmerman; UFOBC Quarterly; UPI
Newspictures; the US Information Service.
I am especially indebted to Rear Admiral Joe Barth, USN (retired),
former Commanding Officer, USS Forrestal, for assistance in resolving my
queries about aircraft carrier operations; Dermot Butler and Carl Nally for
their first-class research into the disturbing Dublin/Irish Sea air incidents
of 2004-5; Ingrid Connell and Georgina Difford, my editors at Sidgwick &
Jackson, for their forbearance in the face of the many problems that beset
us; Kate Eshelby, my publicist at Sidgwick & Jackson; Lucius Farish, for a
great deal of help and encouragement, and for his UFO Newsclipping
Service; Captain Robert Filler, USAF (retired), for his account of a UFO
interception in California in 1961; Bill Gunston OBE, not only for his
foreword, but for an enormous amount of help in checking my manuscript
and the page proofs; Michael David Hall and Wendy Connors, for a lot of
data from their monumental work, Captain Edward J. Ruppelt: Summer of
the Saucers - 1952; Terry Hansen, for the use of much material from his
brilliant book, The Missing Times; Leslie Kean, for extracts from her article
on the Kecksburg, Pennsylvania crash-retrieval case of 1965, as well as
additional information; Jon ‘Andy’ Kissner, to whom I am especially
grateful for so generously providing me with a wealth of information from
A Peculiar	Phenomenon, his groundbreaking manuscript detailing the
shocking events of 1947; Dr Lynne Kitei, for extracts from her book, The
Phoenix Lights; James M. Kopf, USN (retired), for his testimony on the
USS John F. Kennedy incident of 1971; Don Ledger and Chris Styles, for
extracts from their book, Dark Object, and for additional information; Dr
Roger Leir, for so kindly and unstintingly allowing me to reproduce such a
lengthy segment from his astonishing book, UFO Crash In Brazil; Nikolay
Lebedev, for his superb research into Russian military cases; my agent
Andrew Lownie, as always; Clark C. McLelland, who so generously allowed
me the use of much material relating to his extraordinary experiences while
working with NASA; Commander Will Miller, USNR (retired), for his
testimony on the UFO/USO incident witnessed on board the USS Leary in
Vietnam, and for additional help; Roberto Pinotti and Alfredo Lissoni, for
material from their book, Mussolini e gli UFO; Nick Pope, for much advice
and help, as well as for quotations from his book, Open , Closed Minds;
Scott and Suzanne Ramsey, for so much of their material on the 1948
Aztec, New Mexico case; Chris Rolfe and UFO Monitors East Kent, for
their research into the Burmarsh, Kent incident of 1997; Dr Irena Scott, for
numerous extracts from her remarkable book, Ohio UFOs (and many
others); Joan Woodward, for copious extracts from her article on the
Washington, DC sightings of Tuly 2002, and for additional input. And, as
ever, my very special gratitude to those who have helped enormously, but
must remain anonymous.
Finally, my apologies in advance for any omissions of credit.


=========================================================================
Foreword
BILL GUNST0N OBE

I have known Timothy Good for many years, and I am delighted that he
asked me to contribute the foreword to his latest book.
Of course, before doing this I read the text. His previous books on the
subject - mostly bestsellers - left the reader thinking, ‘Well, it’s all pretty
convincing, and Good has put together a formidable package of evidence -
but it simply can’t be true!’
The very idea of vehicles from another planet visiting us seems
outrageous. Such beings would have had to come from a civilization much
more advanced than our own. We know (or think we know) that they
could not have come from anywhere in our solar system, and the nearest
stars are light years away.
What about such objects actually landing on our planet’s surface? Even
more seemingly incredible, who can believe the story of ‘little green men’
coming to see us, speaking perfect English?
Whoever they are, our visitors have studied us (and our radio broadcasts)
 long enough to learn terrestrial languages, especially English. They
might never have actually come to visit, had we never shocked them by our
actions. That we did shock them is evident from the fact that their visits
increased dramatically soon after the start of nuclear warfare, and that they
alighted close to the place where the first atom bomb was detonated.
With this new book, Good has the advantage of a wealth of new
documents and oral evidence. But we really do not need to rely on this. Let
us study the question from another angle, and suppose that, for whatever
reason, the whole notion of flying saucers and extraterrestrial visitors has
always been a gigantic hoax. For this to be the case, one is faced with
formidable difficulties:

- On literally hundreds of occasions someone (who?) would have had to get
anything up to thousands of people to say that they had themselves seen
and heard extraordinary phenomena, the details of which all would have
had to agree.

- Large numbers of (mostly very intelligent and highly trained) people in
various armed forces and government posts would have had to devote a
great deal of effort pretending to clean up fictitious landing sites and
transport non-existent items to secure laboratories for further
examination and storage.

- Even greater numbers of supposedly reliable witnesses, such as fighter
pilots, warship crews and airline captains, would have had to agree to
invent seemingly incredible tales of alien encounters, and then pretend to
be deeply shocked by them.

- Not least, the agency responsible for perpetrating this fraud would have
had to convince thousands of people countries all over the world to go
along with the great hoax, and to pretend to have witnessed non-existent
events, and to do so in such a way that there were no disagreements or
dissenters.

Of course, from the start of UFO phenomena there were indeed plenty
of dissenters. Large numbers of employees of the national governments
were simply told to provide a cover story, even when the official explanation
of the phenomena was clearly nonsense. Other would-be experts just took
it upon themselves to debunk what appeared to them to be stories that
were beyond belief.

They will find this book disturbing.

Bill Gunston, an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and a Fellow of the Royal
Aeronautical Society, is one of the world’s leading aviation historians, with nearly 400
books - not including co-author or team efforts - to his credit.
Born in London in 1927, he was educated at Pinner County School, where in his
spare time he was Flight Sergeant in the school Air Training Corps squadron, and for
several months librarian of the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
He joined the Royal Air Force and was sent to University College, Durham
(1945-6), then served as a pilot for three years, flying many types of aircraft, ending
with the Vampire jet fighter. On leaving the RAF, he joined the staff of Flight magazine,
and was appointed Technical Editor in 1955. He has written several thousand magazine
articles. Since 1969 he has been part of the team producing Jane’s AU the World’s
Aircraft, and he is Editor of Jane’s Aero-Engines.
Bill Gunston married his Flight secretary, Margaret Anne, a glider pilot. They have
two daughters, who were international swimmers.

========================================================================
Introduction

Evidence for the existence of unidentified flying objects - per se - is
indisputable. Millions of sightings have been reported throughout the
world. That up to 90-95 per cent of all these reports can probably be
explained in conventional terms is also not in dispute. But that still leaves
tens of thousands of unexplained cases, including the many thousands
reported by military and civilian pilots, army and naval officers, astronauts
and astronomers, whose testimony is often supported by radar, sonar, and
sometimes by film and photographs. In my estimation, many such cases
are likely to represent genuinely anomalous craft or phenomena.
The attitude of the media, in the face of the massive amount of
evidence available, is puzzling. ‘UFOs do not exist,’ proclaimed an editorial
in	The Times in 2005.1 Based on an article by David Charter in The Times
of the same date, the editorial commented on the Ministry of Defence’s
declassification of a large batch of papers on UFOs, under provisions of the
UK Freedom of Information Act which came into force in January 2005.
Charter wrote that ‘it has taken the Ministry of Defence 54 years to release
secret papers ruling out the existence of UFOs’.2 Nonsense.
The Times is behind the times. Most news coverage of the 2005 release
was positive. In the Independent, for example, Robert Verkaik cited the
reports included in the MoD releases of unidentified flying objects sighted
by RAF personnel, British Airways pilots and senior police officers.3 ‘Until
recently, even the tabloids regarded “flying saucers” as a joke,’ commented
science reporter Robert Matthews. ‘Now newspapers like the Financial
Times and Independent are filing Freedom of Information (FOI) requests to
compel official sources to reveal what they know.’4
The much-heralded release of a large batch of UFO files in 2005 was
not unprecedented: the MoD has declassified a number of documents over
the years, either periodically (such as after thirty or fifty years), or as the
result of requests from members of the public for information on a specific
incident. In the United States, where the Freedom of Information Act
became law in 1966, tens of thousands of UFO-related documents have
been released by the armed services and intelligence agencies (most of which
had previously denied having any documentation on the subject). Other
countries, such as Canada, France, Italy, Russia and Spain, have also
declassified files. Many of these documents were revealed for the first time
in my book Above Top	Secret, published in 1987.5 In May 2005, the Brazilian
Air Force held meetings with a committee comprising the country’s leading
UFO researchers and agreed to declassify more of its files on the subject.
However, as elsewhere, the most sensitive information on the subject continues 
to be exempt from disclosure, in the interests of national security.
The Times editorial contends that astronomers ‘now agree that there is
no evidence for the visitation of Earth by aliens, and that the obsession
with UFOs has delayed legitimate research into the possibility of life
elsewhere’. Many astronomers do indeed take this position - but very few
are experts on UFOs. Astronomers focus mostly on planets, moons, comets,
asteroids, stars and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI) in our
galaxy and beyond. UFOs most often are reported within Earth’s atmosphere.
 Yet in this respect, a 1977 survey of members of the American
Astronomical Society by Peter Sturrock of Stanford University is revealing.
Of those who responded (1,356 out of 2,611), 53 per cent said UFOs
‘certainly’ deserved scientific study.6 More significantly, sixty-two respondents 
said they ‘had witnessed or obtained an instrumental record of an
event that they could not identify and which they thought might be related
to the UFO phenomenon’.7
In a recent peer-reviewed article, scientists Deardorff, Haisch, Maccabee
and Puthoff re-evaluate the present assumption that extraterrestrials or
their probes are not in the vicinity of Earth, arguing instead that ‘some
evidence of their presence might be found in certain high-quality UFO
reports’ (examined briefly). They also address the frequently raised notion
that vast interstellar distances preclude visits by ETs.
The extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH), that intelligent life from ‘elsewhere’ 
in the universe could be visiting Earth, has become less
implausible through suggestions that the velocity-of-light constraint -
‘they can’t get here from there’ - is not as restricting as had been
assumed previously. This restriction has its origin in the special theory
of relativity, which we do not question. However, within the context
of general relativity, there are three approaches which may permit
legitimately bypassing this limit, given sufficiendy advanced (perhaps
by millions of years!) knowledge of physics and technology.
The authors discuss exotic methods of space travel, such as ‘wormholes’, 
‘warp drive’ and the use of ‘additional dimensionalities’. Though
conceding the seemingly insurmountable obstacles, given our current
technology, they point out that ‘ET knowledge of the physical universe may
comprise new principles which allow some form of faster-than-light travel.
This possibility is to be taken seriously, since the average age of suitable
stars within the “galactic habitable zone”, in which the Earth also resides, is
found to be about 109 years older than the Sun, suggesting the possibility
of civilizations extremely advanced beyond our own.’8
Eric Jones of the Los Alamos National Laboratory has calculated that
space-faring civilizations capable of reaching velocities of just one-tenth the
speed of light could theoretically colonize the entire galaxy within 60
million years.9 A corollary is that our galaxy could already have been
teeming with technologically advanced civilizations aeons ago.
Attitudes may be changing, though the national media typically continues 
to refer pejoratively to UFO researchers as ‘believers’, ‘buffs’ or
‘conspiracy theorists’. The fact that thousands of scientists worldwide take
this multidisciplinary subject seriously - or have authored books on it - is
usually overlooked. A list of doctorates for members of the Mutual UFO
Network (MUFON), for example, included: physical sciences (127); medical
sciences (120); biological sciences (43); earth sciences (22).10
Reviewing a tendentious 1996 PBS/NOVA television documentary on
alien abductions that featured the late Dr John Mack, Professor of Psychiatry 
at Harvard Medical School and a MUFON consultant, Dorothy
Rabinowitz of the Wall Street Journal wrote: ‘Dr Mack, who gives credence
to the alien-encounter experience, will likely not be pleased with this film,
which proceeds to demolish the claims of the various hucksters, charlatans,
assorted exhibitionists and garden variety nitwits immersed in humbug
about alien abductors..
In December 2004, a retired Chilean Air Force general, Ricardo Bermudez,
 announced the foundation of a degree course on ‘anomalous aerial
phenomena’, which he would direct, to be held at the University of Chile.
With a faculty of specialists including Klaus von Storch, Chile’s first
astronaut, the academic programme was declared ‘a necessity for these
times’ and a counter to media sensationalism on the subject. ‘Ufologists’
would be excluded. ‘Something is happening in our world,’ said Bermudez.
‘We don’t know what it is, but the fact is that it can no longer go unnoticed
by governments and the scientific establishment.’12
It is largely owing to a prevailing sensationalist or debunking attitude
of many national newspapers and scientific journals that scientists are
reluctant to openly acknowledge their interest. This is less the case in
China. In Beyond Top Secret, I devoted a chapter to encounters reported by
military and civilian pilots and other credible observers in that country,
and discussed how the subject is treated more seriously in the academic
community. In 1992 the China UFO Research Association, which is
affiliated to the China Association for Science and Technology, had 3,600
full members as well as 40,000 research associates.13 Most of China’s UFO
researchers are scientists and engineers, and many UFO groups require
both a college degree and published research for membership. ‘In the US,
scholars investigating this are under pressure and have been derided,’
explained Sun Shili, a former foreign ministry official and head of the
Beijing UFO Research Society, in 2000. ‘But in China, the academic
discussion is quite free, so in this area American academics are quite jealous
of us.’14
Not all scientists, however - including those in China - are free to
discuss their UFO research, since many work for the military/intelligence
community and hold high security clearances. Terry Hansen, a science
journalist who is the author of The Missing Timesy an erudite study of
American media complicity in the UFO cover-up, previously believed that
the resistance displayed by establishment science towards examining UFO
data could be explained mainly by ‘an innate tendency of scientists to reject
surprising discoveries’. Later, Hansen concluded that such resistance has
more to do with federal government policies, as we shall learn in the final
chapter.15
In 1950, a Top Secret Canadian government memorandum revealed that,
‘The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States Government,
 rating higher even than the H-bomb’.16 And as Rear Admiral Roscoe
Hillenkoetter, a former CIA director, noted in 1960, ‘Behind the scenes,
high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But
through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the
unknown flying objects are nonsense.’17 (My emphasis.)
‘Despite the tendency of the elite news media, particularly in recent
years, to avoid coverage of the UFO issue,’ Hansen points out, ‘Americans
show an increasing scepticism about the official version of reality they
present.’ He cites a Time magazine/CNN poll released in 1997, which
revealed that 80 per cent of the 1,024 adults polled responded that they
believed the US Government was hiding knowledge of extraterrestrials; 64
per cent said they thought aliens had contacted or abducted humans, and
37 per cent believed that aliens had contacted the US Government!18
Because Need to Know chronicles the worldwide military and intelligence 
involvement with the UFO problem since the 1930s, and most of my
books are currently out of print, I have alluded to, and updated where
appropriate, some cases from previous books. I also felt it essential to
include a great deal of material from the 1940s and 1950s - a period crucial
to our understanding of both the development of the problem and the
response to it by the military intelligence community. Much of this material
will be new - even to aficionados.
Moreover, much of the material is disturbing. It is no wonder that
governments are so reluctant to release information. Many readers will be
shocked to learn that early military action against UFOs led to an unprecedented 
number of military and civilian aircraft crashes worldwide; that
hundreds of pilots have either lost their lives or simply disappeared during
interceptions of UFOs; and that we are in conflict with some extraterrestrial
species.
In the past few decades, I have acquired a great deal of information
from my contacts around the world, to the extent that I now feel able to
speak with authority about a number of the seemingly outrageous stories
that appear in this and previous books. Some of these sources have been,
or are currently, involved in official and unofficial programmes that deal
with the UFO/alien problem. They have stressed that gradual disclosure of
the facts is the best way forward. I have been encouraged to come out with
this information, even though it is disturbing because eventually we will
have to come to terms with the truth - however unpalatable.
Need to Know is dedicated to the memory of L. Gordon Cooper, the
pilot, astronaut and UFO researcher, who passed away in 2004. ‘Gordo’
took his first flight at the age of five, learned to fly at eight and went solo
when he was twelve. During his distinguished military flying career he flew
many types of aircraft, including two of my favourites - the F-86 Sabre and
F-102 Delta Dagger jets. As a second lieutenant stationed at Neubiberg Air
Force Base, Germany, in 1951, he saw his first UFOs - unknown saucershaped 
craft that overflew the base for several days. Cooper and his
squadron mates were scrambled to intercept, but their F-86s were incapable
of flying high enough (Chapter 11). In 1957, while assigned as test pilot
and project manager of the fighter section at the Experimental Flight Test
Engineering Division at Edwards Air Force Base, California, a flying saucer
literally landed on the dry lake bed, filmed by cameramen (Chapter 15).
Cooper was the youngest and most laid-back of the seven Mercury
astronauts, and his first trip into space - a twenty-two-orbit flight in May
1963 - led to ceremonies at the White House and a parade through New
York City involving 2,900 tons of ticker tape! He retired from NASA and
the Air Force in 1970 as a ‘full bird’ colonel (having turned down promotion 
to general because he would no longer have been allowed to fly
single-seat aircraft).19 Though we corresponded a couple of times, I never
met this courageous, modest, yet outspoken man, whom I admired so much.
‘What will it take?’ asks Cooper in his autobiography. ‘Must a UFO
land at the Super Bowl to get the world’s undivided attention?’20
It is to be hoped that the evidence contained in Need to Know will
stimulate serious, if not undivided, attention to this controversial, disturbing, 
yet exciting subject - the most highly classified secret on Earth.


--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. ‘Pie in the Sky*, editorial, The Times, 4 February 2005.
2. Charter, David, ‘How Britain’s X-Files said that UFOs were just a waste of time’,
The Times, 4 February 2005.
3. Verkaik, Robert, ‘Uncovered at last: the sightings of strange flying objects found
in Britain’s X-Files’, Independent, 22 January 2005, p. 17.
4. Matthews, Robert, Focus, No. 150, May 2005.
5. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, Sidgwick &
Jackson, London, 1987.
6. Sturrock, Peter A., ‘Report on a Survey of the Membership of the American
Astronomical Society Concerning the UFO Problem’, Journal of Scientific
Exploration, Vol. 8, No. 1; 2; 3, pp. 1-45; 153-95; 309-46 (1994).
7. Ibid., p. 3.
8. Deardorff, J., Haisch, B., Maccabee, B. and Puthoff, H.E., ‘Inflation-Theory
Implications for Extraterrestrial Visitation’, Journal of the British Interplanetary
Society, Vol. 58, pp. 43-50 (2005).
9. Jones, Eric, M., ‘Discrete Calculations of Interstellar Migration and Settlement’,
Icarus, Vol. 46, pp. 328-36 (1981).
10. Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), P.O. Box 369, Morrison, CO 80465-0369, USA.
www.mufon.com and mufonhq@aol.com
11. Rabinowitz, Dorothy, ‘TV: Talk-show wars; Alien abductors; Black-listed actors’,
Wall Street Journal, 12 February 1996, p. A12.
12. Inexplicata, The Journal of Hispanic Ufology, 28 December 2004.
13. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Sidgwick
& Jackson, London, 1996, pp. 209-22.
14. Rosenthal, Elisabeth, ‘In UFOs, Beijing finds an otherworldly interest it can live
with,’ New York Times Service, International Herald Tribune, London and Paris,
12 January 2000.
15. Hansen, Terry, The Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up,
XLibris Corporation, 2000, pp. 298-9.
16. Memorandum (Top Secret) to the Controller of Telecommunications from W.B.
Smith, Senior Radio Engineer, Department of Transport, Ottawa, 21 November
1950.
17.	New York Sunday Times, 28 February 1960.
18. ‘Poll: US hiding knowledge of aliens’, CNN website, 15 June 1997.
19. Cooper, Gordon with Henderson, Bruce, Leap of Faith: An Astronaut’s Journey
into the Unknown, HarperCollins, New York, 2000.
20. Ibid., p. 200.

As an RAF Fighter Controller you are
responsible for guiding the pilots to their
target, as well at anticipating how the
target might react.
You have to make split-second decisions
that will place your pilots in a position where
they can make positive identification.
Whether it is reporting on unidentified
objects, guiding fighter pilots, or checking 
on thousands of man-made objects
orbiting the earth - Fighter Controllers
are maintaining the defence of their
country in one of the most high-pressure
environments there is.

An extract from a full-page Royal Air Force advertisement for recruiting
fighter controllers, which appeared in the Daily Express (25 July 1991), headlined
‘UFO or VIP?’ (Royal Air Force)

An extract from the executive summary of an over-460-page Scientific & Technical
Memorandum by the UK Defence Intelligence Analysis Staff, entitled
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air Defence Region (2000),
code-named Project Condign, and mostly declassified in May 2006.
UFOs are designated here as UAPs. (Crown Copyright)
• The flight safety aspects of the findings should be made available to the appropriate
RAF Air Defence and other military end civil authorities which operate aircraft,
particularly those operating fast and at low altitude
I'm so advising:
• It should be stressed that, despite the recent increase ina UAP events, the
probability of encountering a UAP remains very low.
• No attempt should be made to out-manoevre a UAP during interception.



PART ONE: 1930-49


===========================================================================
1. DAWN OF AN ERA

Officialdom began to pay attention to aerial phenomena at the outbreak of
the First World War in 1914. In Australia, for example, strange aircraft,
accompanied by ‘machinary hums’ and odd lights, were reported in northern 
New South Wales, Australia.1 Such reports must be seen in context with
that war, of course, involving as it did the use of military aircraft for the
first time. However, more serious attention was paid in 1920, when unexplained 
lights were seen in the sky around the entrance to the Bass Strait,
Australia, around the time a ship, SS Amelia /., had disappeared. The search
aircraft sent to investigate also disappeared without trace.2
The Bass Strait is one of a number of areas - such as the Bermuda
Triangle and the Great Lakes area in North America - where many aircraft
and ships have mysteriously disappeared. In 1930, witnesses at Warmam-
bool, Victoria, on the north shore of the Bass Strait, reported sightings of
unidentified ‘aircraft’, and the Royal Australian Air Force dispatched
Squadron Leader (later Air Marshal) George Jones to investigate. No
evidence could be found that the aircraft were either Australian or foreign.
On the morning of 19 October 1935, a four-engined Qantas Empire
Airways D.H.86 airliner, the Miss Hoba, disappeared inexplicably in the
Bass Strait. Strange lights were seen in the sky that night and three nights
later, not far from where the plane reported its last position.3
In 1933, mysterious but conventionally shaped, unmarked aircraft were
sighted over Scandinavia and, to a lesser extent, the UK and USA. Often
seen flying in hazardous weather conditions, the ‘ghost aircraft’, as they
were called, frequently circled low, projecting powerful searchlights on to
the ground. Although engine noises accompanied the sightings, the aircraft
sometimes described low-level manoeuvres in complete silence.
\.. there can be no doubt about illegal air traffic over our secret
military areas,’ said Major-General Reuterswaerd of the 4th Swedish Flying
Corps. ‘Who or whom are they, and why have they been invading our air
territory?’4
An Italian government report - dating back to 1936 - was leaked sixty
years later to researcher Roberto Pinotti. Purportedly written by ‘Andrea’,
11
an Italian secret service agent, the report describes observations of unknown
flying craft seen near Venice on 17 August 1936:
It was a metallic disc, polished and reflecting light, with a diameter of
ten to twelve metres. Two fighters from a nearby base took off, but
were unable to reach it... It didn’t emit sound, which would lead one
to consider an aerostat. But nobody knows of balloons that can fly
faster than the wind. I know for sure that it was seen by other aviators
... Then, after approximately at least an hour and after passing over
Mestre, it was seen as a sort of metallic tube, grey or slate.
Benito Mussolini - H Duce - the Fascist dictator (himself a pilot) took
a great interest in this and other sightings at the time, and a report on the
incident was also sent to Count Ciano, Mussolini’s son-in-law and Italy’s
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
A sketch by a confidential informant was redrawn by Andrea, who
explained that:
[The main object] was described like a kind of aerial torpedo, with
very clear windows ... and alternating white and red lights. [The two
other objects] were two ‘hats’, hats like those used by priests: wide,
round, with a dome in the centre, metallic and following the torpedo
without changing their relative positions ... the prefecture has opened
an inquiry, but you can imagine that it will make little inroad ... The
Duce has expressed his worries, because he says that if it were a matter
of real English or French aircraft, his foreign policy would have to
start all over again.
Pinotti and his colleagues received this, as well as many other extraordinary 
documents, including handwritten notes and telegrams, on original
paper bearing the seal of the Senato del Regno (Senate of the Realm), which
are published in a book co-authored by Pinotti with Alfredo Lissoni.5 But
Pinotti was not the first to receive the series of documents. Earlier, packages
had been addressed to the Bologna newspaper II Resto del	,	for
instance, containing a dossier of thirty-four photocopied pages covering
various sightings in Italy between 1933 and 1940 - including reports from
what was then the Royal Italian Air Force, with the recommendation, ‘Say
nothing to II Duce\ Three telegrams related to instructions for the recovery
of a flying disc which supposedly had landed in an unnamed location
(believed to be near Milan) on 13 June 1933, and counter-intefligence measures 
including press censorship (see p. 15).
There are frequent references in the documents to a top-secret group -
Gabinetto RS/33 - reportedly dealing with the collection, investigation and
even suppression of information relating to velivolvi sconoscuti (unknown
aircraft). Headed by Mussolini, Ciano and airman General Italo Balbo, RS/
33 is said to have included several prominent aeronautical engineers,
astronomers and scientists, directed by none other than Guglielmo Marconi, 
the great inventor, although he never played an active role in the
cabinet, preferring to delegate to the astronomer Gino Cecchini. RS/33 had
links with OVRA, the Fascist secret police, and Agenzia Stefani, the regime’s
news agency in charge of disseminating propaganda.6 As Pinotti elucidated
for me:
... All this re-writes the history of ‘official’ ufology, which started
secretly in Italy under Mussolini with the RS/33 (	Speciale
[Special Research] 33) Cabinet in 1933 to study the ‘
Convenzionali (unconventional aircraft) after a possible UFO crash
near Milan, and a definite ‘reverse-engineering’ approach to ‘copy’
what the Fascists considered to be purported English or French secret
aerial spy devices. The Italian studies led to different concepts of round
flying machines, to be used by the Germans at the end of WWII.7
Pinotto told me that the documents he received - originating with the
nephew of a member of the RS/33 Cabinet - were authenticated by forensic
analysis involving chemical tests on the paper and ink, conducted by
Antonio Garavaglia, a top Italian forensic consultant. Checks for historical
accuracy by historian Andrea Bedetti, an expert on Italy’s Fascist period,
indicate authenticity.8 Alfredo Lissoni discovered additional evidence in the
archives of the Prefeturra (Civil Governor’s office) in Milan: about 500
telegrams sent to the Prefeturra between 1933 and 1938, at least nine of
which exclusively concerned velivoli non identificabili (unidentifiable
aircraft).9
Alfredo Lissoni has unearthed a fascinating reference from a speech by
Mussolini to the Federation of Fascist Combatants on 23 February 1941:
‘The United States are far more likely to be invaded, not by soldiers of the
Axis, but by the not so well known but warlike inhabitants of the planet
Mars, who will come down out of space in their unimaginable flying
fortresses.’10
This was almost certainly the first official reference to alien spaceships
- and one that turned out to be prescient. A year later, an extraordinary
incident led some American military leaders to wonder if they were indeed
being invaded by beings from elsewhere.


--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Information supplied by Bill Chalker.
2. Norman, Paul, ‘Countdown to Reality’, Flying Saucer , Vol. 31, No. 2,
1986, pp. 13-22.
3. Ibid.
4. Keel, John A., ‘Mystery Aeroplanes of the 1930s’, Part II, Flying Saucer Review,
FSR Publications Ltd., PO Box 585, Rickmansworth, WD3 1YJ, UK, Vol. 16, No.
3, 1970, pp. 10-13.
5. Pinotti, Roberto and Lissoni, Alfredo, Gli*’ del Nazifascismo: Mussolini e gli
UFO, Idea Libri S.r.l., Rimini, Italy, 2001.
6. Lissoni, Alfredo, ‘UFO Cover-up by Mussolini!’, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 46,
No. 3, 2003, pp. 13-14, translated by Gordon Creighton from II Giomale dei
Misteri, No. 353, March 2001.
7. Letter, 7 August 2005.
8. Lissoni, op. cit., p. 15.
9. Pinotti and Lissoni, op. cit.
10.	Giomale d’ltalia, 25 February 1941, cited by Lissoni, op. cit., p. 16.

A ‘highly confidential’ Italian Government telegram dating back to June 1933 from the
Director of Special Affairs: ‘On the personal order of Il Duce , absolutely no mention is
to be made of the alleged landing of an unknown aircraft on national soil - the same
applies to today’s news due for publication by the Stefany Agency [and] individual
journalists - Maximum penalty for non-compliance will be enforced by the Tribunal
for State Security.’ (Roberto Pinotti/Alfredo Lissoni)


============================================================================
2. SECOND WORLD WAR

In the early hours of 25 February 1942, the city of Los Angeles was alerted
by air-raid sirens and searchlights probing the sky, provoking fear that a
Japanese invasion was imminent. Pearl Harbor had happened less than
three months earlier, and on 24 February a Japanese submarine had
attacked the coast from the Santa Barbara Straits, north of Los Angeles.
(The secret memorandum to President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed by
General George C. Marshall, Chief of Staff, describing these events, appears
on p. 31.)
According to thousands of witnesses, a large unidentified object
remained stationary while anti-aircraft shells burst around it and against
it, as may be seen in a press photograph taken at the time (see plates).
A Herald Express staff writer said he was certain that many shells burst
directly in the middle of the object and he could not believe that it
had not been shot down. The object eventually departed at a leisurely
pace over the coastal cities between Santa Monica and Long Beach, disappearing 
after twenty minutes. The air alarm had lasted for nearly five
hours.1
John E. Seidel, a carrier for the Los Angeles , recalls that the first
edition of the newspaper that morning was delayed so that a first-page
supplement could be added stating that ‘foreign’ aircraft had been in the
air and that: ‘At 5 am, the sheriff’s office announced that an airplane has
been shot down near 185th Street and Vermont Avenue. Earlier, the Fourth
Air Force in San Francisco announced that at least one plane had been
downed in the raid.’ The supplement did not appear with later editions,
nor did any reference to the downed plane appear again. Seidel subsequently 
learned that a plane - said to be American - had indeed crashed
near 185th and Vermont, but the Army quickly removed the wreckage and
cleaned up the area.2 Is it possible that one or more of the unknown
machines had been shot down? There is evidence that alien craft were
recovered on several occasions during the Second World War, as will be
seen later in this chapter.
The Los Angeles air alarm, the first milestone in the relatively recent
history of the UFO phenomenon, generated headline news in the US, but
with the world plunged into war on an unprecedented scale, official and
public interest swiftly waned.
Following reports by fishermen of strange lights seen in the Bass Strait
in the summer of 1942, a Royal Australian Air Force aircraft on flying
patrol off the Tasman Peninsula late one afternoon was approached by an
unidentified object which came out of a cloud bank. The pilot described
the object as ‘a singular airfoil of glistening bronze colour’, about 150 feet
in length and 50 feet in diameter, with what seemed like a dome on top
that reflected sunlight. The UFO flew alongside the plane for a few minutes,
then suddenly turned away ‘at a hell of a pace’. It turned again, then dived
straight into the ocean, throwing up ‘a regular whirlpool of waves’ and
vanishing as though it had submerged like a submarine3 - thus effectively
becoming an ‘unidentified submergible object’ (USO).
Several reports from 1942 - declassified fifty years later by the Ministry
of Defence - relate to sightings of unusual aircraft seen by RAF crews. A
secret memo dated 3 December 1942 (see p. 32), from Headquarters, No. 5
Group, to Headquarters, Bomber Command, begins: ‘Herewith a copy of a
report received from a crew of a Lancaster after a raid on Turin. The crew
refuse to be shaken in their story in the face of the usual banter and
ridicule.’ The report by the crew of aircraft ‘J’, No. 61 Squadron, based at
RAF Syerston in Lincolnshire, describes the encounter on the night of 28/
29 November:

The object... was seen by the entire crew of the above aircraft. They
believe it to have been 200-300 feet in length and its width is estimated
at l/5th or l/6th of its length. The speed was estimated at 500 mph,
and it had four pairs of red lights spaced at equal distances along its
body. These lights did not appear in any way like exhaust flames; no
trace was seen. The object kept a level course.
The crew saw the object twice during the raid, and brief details
are given below:
(i) After bombing, time 2240 hours, a/c [aircraft] height 11,000 feet.
The aircraft at this time was some 10/15 miles South-West of Turin
travelling in a north-westerly direction. The object was travelling
South-East at the same height or slightly below the aircraft.
(ii) After bombing, time 2245 hours, a/c height 14,000 feet. The
aircraft was approaching the Alps when the object was seen again
travelling West-South-West up a valley in the Alps below the level of
the peaks. The lights appeared to go out and the object disappeared
from view.
The report adds that the pilot of the aircraft, a Captain Lever, saw ‘a
similar object about three months ago North of Amsterdam. In this instance
it appeared to be on the ground and later travelling at high speed at a lower
level than the heights given above along the coast for about two seconds;
the lights then went out for the same period of time and came on again,
and the object was still seen to be travelling in the same direction’.4


FOO-FIGHTERS

More typically in this period, many Allied and Axis airmen (including
Japanese) began reporting sightings of small, apparently remotely controlled
objects which followed and sometimes buzzed aircraft during missions.
Among the US Army Air Forces (USAAF), rumours spread that the Germans 
had introduced a new weapon designed to interfere with the ignition
systems of bombers’ engines but, since the ‘foo-fighters’ (as they were nicknamed 
by pilots of the 415th Night Fighter Squadron) never engaged in
hostile action - even though they posed a threat - most flight crews became
convinced that the objects were some type of psychological warfare device
(see p. 33). The US Eighth Army Air Forces ordered a full investigation, but
was unable to arrive at a satisfactory solution.5
On the night of 26/27 May 1943, during a raid on Essen, Germany,
involving up to 500 aircraft, an RAF Halifax four-engine bomber encountered
a structured craft similar to the one reported over Turin six months earlier.
Flight Sergeant G.N. Cockcroft, co-piloting, recalled the incident: ‘It was in
the two or three minutes before our final run-in, when we were at approximately 
18,700 feet when we saw in front, but slightly to port and about the
same height, a long cylindrical object, silver gold in colour, very sharply
defined, hanging in the sky at an angle of approximately 45 degrees. There
were, evenly spaced along the length of the object, a number of portholes.’
First to observe the object was the captain, Flight Sergeant Ray Smith
(Royal Canadian Air Force), who alerted Cockcroft, as well as the bomb-
aimer, flight engineer, mid-upper gunner and wireless operator. The navigator
and rear gunner, preoccupied with ensuring that the Halifax stayed on
course and didn’t get shot down, did not witness the incident. ‘I think the
first reaction of most of us was amazement,’ said Cockcroft, ‘because the
object just had no right to be there.’
The speed it attained seemed to us completely incredible. It was
certainly in the thousands of mph! As it accelerated, the outline
became blurred and the shape foreshortened. The size is more difficult
to judge but it was very large, certainly very much bigger than our
own aircraft, appearing at least as long as a king-sized cigarette or
small cigar at arm’s length. We then completed our bomb run and
returned to base. The intelligence officer debriefing us was given a
description of this object, but we were unable to judge what importance 
was attached to it by the authorities .. .6
Multiple unknown flying objects were often encountered by aircrews.
On 14 May 1943, during a raid on Germany, USAAF 348th Group bombers
reported ‘a cluster of disks in the path of the formation near Schweinfurt’
at a time when no enemy aircraft were above. The air intelligence report
continues:
Discs were described as silver coloured - one inch thick and three
inches in diameter. They were gliding slowly down in very uniform
cluster. A/C [aircraft] 026 was unable to avoid them and his right wing
went directly through a cluster with absolutely no effect on engines or
plane surface. One of the discs was heard striking tail assembly but no
explosion was observed ... Also observed 2 other A/C flying through
silver discs with no apparent damage. Observed discs and debris 2
other times but could not determine where it came from.7
America’s Office of Strategic Services (OSS) - the forerunner of the
CIA - headed by Major General William (‘Wild Bill’) Donovan, took an
interest in reports such as these. At first convinced that they were German
pilotless probes, investigation by OSS agents in Europe proved otherwise,
and Donovan and his staff decided that the foo-fighters were unusual but
harmless phenomena.8
According to information disclosed to the respected investigator Jacques
Vallee by a former engineer with US intelligence in Germany, the Americans 
were already aware by 1943 that unknown flying objects - specifically
the ‘foo-fighters’ - could interfere at a distance with internal-combustion
engines. Investigators at the time suspected that electrostatic effects were the
cause. A secret investigation into the phenomenon was conducted in 1943
by the then National Bureau of Standards, directed by Professor Hugh L.
Dryden, a distinguished aerodynamicist.9 In 1944, American planes returning 
to England from bombing missions over the Continent were plagued
repeatedly by engine cut-outs. ‘The engines would suddenly become very
rough, cutting in and out,’ author Ralph Blum learned from a source
attached at the time to the Technical Intelligence Division of the US Strategic
Air Force.10

OTHER AERIAL PHENOMENA

While sightings of foo-fighters continued, other types of unusual, larger
craft or phenomena also continued to be encountered during the war.
Gordon W. Cammell, a New Zealander who flew for more than twenty
years as a pilot with the Royal New Zealand Air Force and the RAF,
describes an encounter in May 1943:
I was the captain of a Lancaster bomber aircraft, and as we crossed the
English Channel upon returning from a bombing raid over Germany,
I and all of my crew saw what appeared to be a huge orange ball on
or near the sea, seven or eight thousand feet below us. It appeared to
be stationary as we observed it for about 10 minutes, and its light
intensity was bright and constant. We decided that it was not an
aircraft or ship on fire, since we could not see flames or changing
reflections on the water. After landing back at our base at RAF East
Wretham, Suffolk, we reported our sighting to the debriefing officer,
who also had no idea of what we had seen.11
According to a semi-humorous item in an RAF news sheet, classified
secret, an unknown aircraft was observed during a USAAF daylight bombing 
raid on Emden on 11 December 1943. Visibility was good and the
weather was clear. The report is cited by the editor:
An unidentified object was seen in the target area. It was about the
size of a Thunderbolt and passed 50/75 yards beneath the formation.
It flew STRAIGHT AND LEVEL (No chaps it was not a [Lancaster]
gone mad) at a terrific speed, leaving a streak like a vapour trail which
was all white and which remained visible for a long time. The object
passed so quickly that the observer could not determine it more
accurately.12
The only conventional aircraft at the time that might fit the description
was the Messerschmitt Me 163B Komet, a tail-less, rocket-powered interceptor 
fighter with a maximum speed of 596 mph, trailing a white exhaust.
However, although the Komet first flew in 1941, it did not enter service
until June 1944 and first intercepted B-17 Flying Fortress daylight bombers
on 16 August that year13 - well after the incident described. Nonetheless, it
is possible that the American bomber crews saw one of these extraordinary
aircraft.
During a mission to Romania in 1944 (date unspecified) to bomb oil
refineries used by the Germans, a Soviet Air Force bomber experienced a
shocking encounter with a highly unusual craft. Boris Surikov and his
commander, Major Bajenov, were flying at an altitude of 5 kilometres over
south-west Ukraine when a large, elliptical-shaped object flew towards
them. ‘We’d read in the newspapers about new German weapons, but we’d
seen nothing like this,’ said Surikov.
What happened was that our heavy plane [probably a Tupolev Tu-2],
of 14.5 tonnes, started shaking, the oil pressure rose, and when I
leaned towards the window I felt a strong electrostatic charge. I was
worried that the plane would burst into flames. It passed us and
disappeared, but our plane was still affected: I looked at the wings,
and they were covered in electrical discharges. The whole plane was
fluorescent and the wings were glowing like a rainbow.
Believing the aircraft to be in real danger of catching fire, Major
Bajenov gave orders to jettison the 2-tonne bomb load in south-west
Ukraine instead of in Romania. The pilots mentioned nothing about the
incident during their debriefing, merely ‘confirming’ that they had successfully 
bombed the refineries.
Surikov described the unknown craft as similar in some respects to the
space shuttles. ‘It lit up the air around it. It looked like a localized sunset,
but in the centre was a strange-looking flying object ... It was larger and
longer than our Buran space shuttle - I think about twice as long.’
Surikov, who years later became the Soviet chief military authority on
weapons of mass destruction, asked scientists for their opinion on the
phenomenon. ‘I was told that one could not rule out the possibility that
the electrification of the plane was due to the close proximity of a UFO with
a new type of propulsion system which ionized the atmosphere,’ he related.14
Ronald R. Claridge, a holder of the Distinguished Flying Cross, served
as a wireless operator on Lancaster bombers with No. 7 Squadron, RAF, in
the Second World War. On 11 August 1944, his aircraft, as master bomber,
had led a raid on the oil refineries at La Pallice, France. ‘We were returning
to our base at Oakington [Cambridgeshire] and still flying over France,
which was a hotbed for German fighters, so we were very alert,’ wrote
Claridge.
I was the radio and radar operator and as such was concentrating on
my ‘Fishpond’ screen looking for the blips of German fighters. The
first I knew that anything untoward was happening, my screen went
blank - I thought it was an electrical failure. I was reporting this to
the skipper when he shouted over the intercom, ‘What the hell is that?’
I moved into the astrodome, which gave 360-degree vision. I stood
looking into the night. On our starboard side was a sight I have never
forgotten. By this time our Lancaster was flying straight and level.
There was a string of lights which stretched ahead and behind us for
what seemed miles. The lights along our side were the largest and
brightest, fading into the vast distance. We could only hear our own
engine noises and there was no turbulence - only the lights.
As my night vision improved I saw a grey saucer-like object
emerge as part of the lights. It is still difficult to describe its size ... I
am an artist and I painted what I saw. Our Lancaster was a large
aeroplane but the only comparison I can make is that we were but a
dot on a sheet of foolscap paper. We all watched this object for about
three minutes. We watched it shoot away - it was just a flash of light
and the vast size was gone in less than a second, without any noise or
turbulence.
There was a silence among the crew, and I can only give my own
reactions. I seemed to know whatever it was had been watching us. I
was left with a feeling of complete calm and the feeling that I was
finished with war - which I must say never left me. I was a Warrant
Officer: we finished our tour after four more Operations and as far as
I was concerned I finished my active service then. It was some time
before I thought we had met the ultimate weapon - no one left willing
to fight in future wars!
I often wonder if this encounter had any effect on our lives.
Personally I believe it did. I remember that during those few minutes
I felt no fear whatsoever. And why did our gunners not open fire?
When the crew returned to Oakington, it seemed that more intelligence
officers than usual were present at the debriefing. ‘They just took notes of
our experience and did not seem at all surprised at what .we reported, and
we were not even debriefed about the raid,’ Claridge explained. ‘One thing
I remember is that we were told not to discuss what we had seen, even
among ourselves, and I think we respected this.’15

FIGHTER PLANE ATTACKS 'BALLOON'

In November 1944 the Japanese began launching ‘Fugo’ balloon bombs
against western North America. Of the 15,000 built, 9,300 were deployed,
carried across the Pacific by high-altitude winds.16 Relatively few actually
reached the US, however, and those that did caused little damage - the
most potentially serious event occurring in March 1945 when a Fugo
crashed into some high-tension power lines in Washington State, causing
power failure over a wide area, including the plutonium-production factory
at Hanford, where work had to be suspended for three days.17 The only
casualties were six people, who were killed in June 1945 when they
tampered with a bomb near Lakeview, Oregon.
When numerous circular flying objects were seen in the summer of
1945 by citizens and military personnel in the vicinity of the USAAF base
at Selfridge Field, Mount Clemens, near Detroit, Michigan, it was naturally
assumed that the Japanese were responsible, though it later transpired
that the last Fugos landed in June, and very few made it as far east as
Michigan. Many American as well as Royal Canadian Air Force and Navy
pilots had been involved in attacking the 33-foot-diameter balloons, with
their suspended payload of five bombs, four incendiaries and a 33-pound
anti-personnel bomb. Comparatively few had actually been shot down,
however. So, when three or four balloon-like objects appeared directly over
the airfield in July, the base commander asked for a volunteer to attack
them. Jean Kisling, serving with a Free French Air Force detachment as an
instructor on P-47D and P-47N Thunderbolt fighters, valiantly accepted
the challenge.
‘I was the only one to say yes!’ Kisling told me. ‘So I took off and I
climbed. It was impossible to judge the distance of these things - they were
very high. I climbed to well beyond the service ceiling of the P-47D - and
eventually got one of them in my gunsight.’ Opening fire with the P-47’s
wing-mounted eight .50-calibre machine guns, he was astonished at what
happened next. ‘The moment I fired, it suddenly shot off sideways - on
edge - having at first appeared as a sphere. And it left a contrail. This was
no balloon!’
On landing, Kisling was fSted like a hero. He also recalls the pain in his
arms ‘from decompression - having flown so high’.
A Frenchman thus became the first pilot in America, as far as I know,
to attempt to shoot down an unidentified flying object. Kisling was lucky
to survive. Some days later, a fighter plane - he thinks it might have been
a jet - sent to intercept a similar object, exploded and crashed near Denver,
Colorado, killing the pilot.18
PREPARE FOR A DITCH!'
On 28 August 1945, USAAF intelligence officer Leonard Stringfield was one
of twelve Fifth Air Force specialists on board a transport aircraft flying
from Ie-shima to Tokyo via Iwo Jima, assigned to occupy Atsugi airdrome,
near Tokyo. As the aircraft, a Curtiss C-46 Commando, approached Iwo
Jima at around 10,000 feet in a sunlit sky, Stringfield was startled to see
three teardrop-shaped objects from his starboard-side window:
They were brilliandy white, like burning magnesium, and closing in
on a parallel course to our C-46. Suddenly our left engine feathered,
and I was later to learn that the magnetic navigation-instrument
needles went wild. As the C-46 lost altitude, with oil spurting from the
troubled engine, the pilot sounded an alert; crew and passengers were
told to prepare for a ditch!
I do not recall my thoughts or actions during the next, horrifying
moments, but my last glimpse of the three bogies placed them about
20 degrees above the level of our transport. Flying in the same, tight
formation, they faded into a cloud bank. Instantly our aircraft’s engine
revved up, and we picked up altitude and flew a steady course to land
safely on Iwo Jima.19
The incident led to Stringfield’s life-long interest in the UFO subject. I
knew Len as an honest and diligent investigator, which for me lends added
credibility to the case. Furthermore, many similar incidents, cited throughout 
this book, involve serious - and sometimes disastrous - effects on
aircraft.

CRASH-LANDINGS

Periodically, the myth is revived that Nazi Germany was responsible for the
unidentified phenomena or craft reported in the Second World War. As
any aviation historian will confirm, it is a fact that the Germans were
working on all manner of unusual aircraft - including circular-planform
designs - during the last few years of the war. However, there is no reliable
evidence whatsoever that they produced craft with such extraordinary
performance characteristics, reported all over the world, and in such large
numbers, since 1942 and earlier. Had this been the case, Germany would
have won the war. Another point is that several exotic craft are said to have
crash-landed during the war. A summary of those, and two supplementary
new cases, follow.
The earliest reported event, as far as I am aware, is said to have taken
place in the spring of 1941. According to Charlotte Mann, her grandfather
Reverend William Huffman was called out one night to an aircraft crash
site about 15 miles from Cape Girardeau, Missouri. On returning, he told
the family that it was not any kind of aircraft he had ever seen; it lay
broken and scattered all around, though one large piece was still intact and
appeared to have a rounded shape with no edges or seams and a very shiny
metallic finish. Charlotte gave Leonard Stringfield more details:
There were some police officers, plain-dothes and military men. There
were three bodies, not human, that had been taken from the wreckage
and lain on the ground. Grandfather said prayers over them ... they
didn’t appear to have any injuries [and] they were covered from head
to foot in what looked like wrinkled aluminium foil...
There were several people with cameras taking pictures of everything. 
Two of the plain-clothes men picked up one of the little men,
and held it under its arms. A picture was taken. That was the picture I
later saw ... one of the military officers talked to granddad and told
him he was not to talk about or repeat anything that had taken place,
for security reasons, and so as not to alarm the people. [But] granddad
returned home and told his family ... he never did talk about it after
that.
Huffman later acquired a copy of the photo of the alien being, which
Charlotte saw. It showed a being about 4 feet tall with a large head and
long arms. ‘He was thin and no bone structure was apparent; kind of soft-
looking. He had no hair on his head or body, with large, oval, slightly
slanted eyes, but not like an oriental from left to right, more up and down.
He had no ears at all and no nose like ours. There appeared to be only a
couple of small holes ... His mouth was as if you had just cut a small
straight line where it should have been
If this event occurred, one is left wondering why no more witnesses
have come forward. Were they all intimidated?
According to Dr James Harder, a former professor of civil engineering,
an unusual craft may have been recovered from the Sonoran Desert in
Mexico late in 1941. The recovery was effected by a team from the US
Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI). One member of the team brought back
some photos showing the craft and small bodies. Dr Harder told me that
he had interviewed a relative of the witness who, though only ten years old
or so at the time, managed to see the photos. The dead bodies looked
‘spindly’ she said, and were about 3.5 feet tall.
Another event is reported to have occurred at Exelgroud, near Gdynia,
north of Gdansk, on the Baltic coast of Poland, on 18 July 1943. Daniel
Leger, conscripted by the Germans for work at a labour camp in Exelgroud,
came across a highly unusual aircraft, partially embedded in sand dunes.
Shaped like a ‘colonial hat’, it was estimated to be about 6 metres in
diameter. Several square portholes with rounded edges were spaced on the
upper section. No insignia, seams, weldings or connections were apparent.
Beside it was a woman - presumably the pilot - trying to free the craft
from the sand. She seemed to sense Leger’s presence.
Dressed in a tight-fitting, one-piece dark brown suit, she appeared to
be about 1.75 metres tall, with long blonde hair, a slim waist and broad
hips. Leger assumed she was a German Air Force pilot, since a number of
Luftwaffe pilots were based in Exelgroud at that time. Her features were
regular, with white skin and slightly slanted, Asian-like eyes. She addressed
Leger in an odd language he could not understand.
Shortly afterwards, when the sand had been cleared, the aviatrix
boarded her craft. A slight rumbling sound could be heard and two rings
on the craft began to rotate, one clockwise and the other anti-clockwise. A
dark stripe separating the rings became luminous and began to vibrate, at
which point the craft rose from the ground slowly, then suddenly accelerated 
at a speed far higher than any German aircraft with which Leger was
familiar. The witness is rated highly by Jean Sider, one of France’s leading
researchers.20
In the spring of 1944, it is claimed that a UFO came down at Kaneohe
Naval Air Station on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. The claimant, a young
construction engineer with Headquarters Company 112, US Navy Sea Bees,
reported seeing a grounded, silver object with a smoothly ‘pock-marked’
surface, surmounted with ‘a transparent dome containing a gold-coloured
device which spun at various speeds’. The claimant was interrogated by
federal investigators who asked specific questions in a way that indicated
knowledge of a previous event.21
In August 1945, nearly five weeks after the world’s first atom bomb was
detonated at the Trinity site in New Mexico’s Jornada del Muerto Desert
on 16 July 1945, two young boys, Jose Padilla and Reme Baca, were doing
various chores on the Padilla Ranch at San Antonito, near San Antonio,
New Mexico, when they saw a brilliant light, accompanied by a crunching
sound. Eventually, they came upon a long gouge in the earth, at the end of
which lay a dull grey avocado-shaped craft, with a protuberance towards
one end, which could be seen through the smoke from its burning
wreckage. Scattered among the debris were pieces of shiny tin-foil-like
metal. A piece that had become lodged under a rock unfolded itself
instantly. It was kept at the ranch home for a number of years.
Through a gash in the side of the craft came signs of movement.
Strange humanoid creatures were moving around in quick, darting movements, 
making squeaking sounds.
It was getting late, so the boys headed back on their horses to the ranch
home to tell Faustino Padilla what had happened. He reacted somewhat
casually, saying that he and others would check it out in a day or two - an
odd reaction to an air crash and injured occupants (wherever they came
from). Two days later Padilla Sr, accompanied by State Policeman Eddie
Apodaca, headed for the crash site in two vehicles, directed by the boys. As
the terrain became increasingly rough, the group hiked the rest of the way.
At first, nothing could be seen, as the craft had been covered with dirt and
debris. The creatures had gone, and the huge debris field had been largely
cleared and raked over, although the craft remained where it had come to
rest. Evidently the Army had learned of the incident.
A Sergeant Avila turned up at the ranch home later and explained that
an ‘experimental balloon* had come down on the Padilla property and they
needed to bring in some equipment to remove it. A crane and low-boy
trailer were used in the recovery operation, which lasted several days.
Periodically the boys watched what was going on from a secluded position.
One night, when the craft was, surprisingly, unguarded, Jose Padilla
clambered on to the low-boy, went inside the craft and prised a ‘souvenir’
from what appeared to be a bulkhead.
In Seattle, I carefully examined and photographed the souvenir. It
appears decidedly terrestrial, a point conceded by the witnesses. Looking
like a bracket of some kind, it is 12 inches long, weighs 15 ounces and
contains a number of holes for fasteners of some kind. A section cut off for
analysis, as well as acid tests, reveal the metal to be 200-series aluminium,
or similar. A smaller, semi-circular piece, believed by the witnesses to have
come from the craft, was found years later at the ranch entrance. Tests
indicate 330/380-series aluminium (or similar).22


The proliferation of sightings in the Second World War was not coincidental. 
I have no doubts that the reason for this lay in the inauguration of the
nuclear age on Earth, necessitating increased surveillance and strategic
reconnaissance by advanced intelligences. In my opinion, it is probable that
some of these intelligences reside on Earth or use it as a base, which would
explain their concern for the welfare of the planet, per se. I believe that
these intelligences have had space-travel capability for millennia - and I
have no doubt that species of quite different extraterrestrial origins are also
coming here.

In a report by the US Air Force’s second official UFO investigation, 
Project Grudge, in 1949, intelligence specialists speculated on the
correlation between the dawn of the nuclear age and the increase in
visits:
‘Such a civilization might observe that on Earth we now have atomic
bombs and are fast developing rockets. In view of the past history of
mankind they should be alarmed. We should, therefore, expect at this time
above all to behold such visitations .. .’23

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Collins, Paul T., ‘The UFOs of 1942’, Exploring the Unknown, No. 48, September
1968.
2. Letter published in Air & Space (Smithsonian), February/March 1990, p. 8.
3. Chalker, Bill, ‘Australian A.F. UFO Report Files’, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 30, No.
10, 1982, pp. 6-7.
4. The National Archives, ref. AIR 14/2076, ‘A Note on Recent Enemy Pyrotechnic
Activity over Germany’.
5. Just Cause, PO Box 218, Coventry, CT 06238, No. 32, June 1992.
6. British UFO Research Association (BUFORA) files, cited by Clarke and Roberts in
UFO Magazine (UK), January 2003, p. 9.
7. The National Archives, AIR 40, ‘Annex[e] to Intelligence Report Mission
Schweinfurt, 16 October 1943’.
8. Smith, Warren, UFO Trek, Zebra Books, New York, 1976, p. 220.
9. Vall£e, Jacques, Forbidden Science: Journals 1957-1969, North Atlantic Books,
Berkeley, California, 1992, p. 309.
10. Blum, Ralph with Blum, Judy, Beyond Earth: Man's Contact with UFOs, Corgi
Books, London, 1974, p. 67.
11. Cammell, Gordon W., ‘Memories of UFO Sightings Fresh After 50-plus Years’,
UFO Magazine (US), Vol. 12, No. 1, January/February 1997, p. 17.
12. The National Archives, AIR 14/2076, ‘BANG ON, 115 Squadron Gen. News Sheet,
Number 1, December 31st 1943’.
13. Mason, Frances K., The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Major Aircraft of World War II,
Aerospace/Temple Press, Feltham, Middlesex, 1983, p. 108.
14. Interview with General-Major Boris Surikov by Lawrence Moore and Livia
Russell, Moscow, February 1994. Part of this interview was shown in Network
First:	UFO, produced,	written and directed by Lawrence Moore for Central
Productions, 1994.
15. Letters from Ronald R. Claridge, DFC, AEA, to Alex Turner, 23 September/8
October 2003, given to the author.
16. Mikesh, Robert C., Japan's World War II Balloon Bomb Attacks on North America,
Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington, DC, 1997.
17. Covington, John, ‘Fugos: Japanese Balloon Bombs of WWII\ www.seanet.com/-
johnco/fugo.htm
18. Personal interviews, Paris, 2000, 2004 and 2005.
19. Stringfield, Leonard, Situation Red, The UFO Siege, Doubleday, New York, 1977,
pp. 9-10.
20. Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century,
London, 1998.
21. Worley, Don, ‘UFO Occupants: The Heart of the Enigma’. Official UFO, Vol. I,
No. 2, November 1976, pp. 15, 46.
22. Personal interviews, Seattle, 6/7 June 2004, and numerous subsequent
communications with both witnesses.
23. Valley, Dr G.E., ‘Some Considerations Affecting the Interpretation of Reports of
Unidentified Flying Objects’, Appendix D, Unidentified Flying Objects: Project
‘Grudge’, Air Materiel Command, Intelligence Department, Headquarters, Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, August 1949. Originally classified Secret.


OCS 21347-86February 26, 1942
MEMORANDUM FOR THE PRESIDENT:
The following is the information we have from GHQ at this moment 
regarding the air alarm over Los Angeles of yesterday morning:
From details available at this hours
1. Unidentified airplanes, other than American
Army or Navy planes, were probably over Los Angelse, and
were fired on by elements of the 37th CA Brigade (AA)
between 3:12 and  4:15 AM. These units expended 1430
rounds of ammunition.
2. As. many as fifteen airplanes may have
been involved, flying at various speeds from what is
officially reported as being 'very slow' to as much
as 200 MPH and at elevations from 9000 to 18000 feet.
3. No bombs were dropped.
4. No casualties among our troops.
5. No planes were shot down.
6. No American Army or Navy planes were in action.
Investigation continuing. It seems reasonable to conclude 
that if unidentified airplanes were involved, they may
have been from commercial sources, operated by enemy agents 
for purposes of spreading alarm, disclosing location of
antiaircraft positions, and slowing production through
blackout. Such conclusion is supported by varying speed
of operation and the fact that no bombs were dropped.
DECLASSIFIED	(52d)	 
G. C.  Marshall
P.O. 11652 Sac SD ocd S.D. or (D)Chief of Staff
OSD Letter, May 3 1942	 by __________KASS Date 4-9-74

A previously secret memorandum from General George C. Marshall to President
Roosevelt, giving details of the Los Angeles air alarm in February 1942.
(The National Archives, Washington)


A previously secret report on a sighting by the crew of a Royal Air Force Lancaster
bomber during a raid on Turin in November 1942, and an earlier sighting by the
Captain. (The National Archives, London)
1| 2|cms	                      The National Archives	‘	|	Ins    1|              2Aef    A | R | 4 | 2076	
Please not that this copy is supplied subject to the National Archives terms and conditions and that your use of it may be subject to copyright restrictions. Further information is given in the "Terms and conditions of supply of the National Archives" leaflets	
From:   S.A.P. Station, SYERS TON
To:        Headquaters, No.5 Group (attention Major Kullock, M.C. F.L.O.)
Date:    2nd December, 1942
Ref:      Syn/414/4/Int
Report by the Crew of 61 Sqdn. a/o 'J',  Captain W/O Lever,
of object seen during raid on TURIN, night of  November 28/29th, 1942.	
The object referred to above was seen by the entire crew
of the above aircraft. They believe it to have been 200-300 feet
in length and its width is estimated at l/5th or l/6th of its
length. The speed was estimated at 300 m.p.h., and it had four
pairs of red lights spaoed at eqqual distances along its body.
These lights	did not appear in any way like exhaust flames; no trace was seen.	The object kept a level course.
The crew saw the object twice during the raid, and brief
details are given below:-
(l)	After bombing, time 2240 hours, a/o height 11,000
feet. The aircraft at this time was some 10/15 miles
South-West of Turin travelling in a north-westerly
direction. The object was travellingSouth-East at the same height or slightly below the aircraft.
(it)	After bombing, time 2245 hours, a/o height 14,000
feet. The	aircraft	was approaching the Alps	when
the object	was seen	again travelling West-South-West
up  a valley in	the Alps below the level of the	peaks.
The	lights appeared to go out and the object
disappeared from view.
The Captain of the aircraft also reports that he has seen a
similar object about three months ago North of Amsterdam. In this instance it appeared to be on the ground and later travelling	at
high speed at a lower level than the heights given above along
the coast	 for about	two	seconds; the lights then went out for the
same 	period	of time	and	came on again, and the object was still
seen to be travelling in the same direction.	
'Group Captain Commanding,
  R.A.F. Station, 
  

Foo-Fighters

Lt. Donald Meiers of Chicago was flying 
a Beaufighter on an intruder mission
over Cermany.' He was braced to meet
Nazi planes or anti-aircraft. Suddenly an
eerie light split the darkness around his
plane. Looking up from his instrument
panel, the horrified lieutenant saw two
red balls of fire cruising alongside his
wingtip. Thinking he had run into a
secret anti-aircraft weapon, Meiers tensed
and waited for a Cerman on the ground to
push a button and blow him up. But the
balls merely kept pace with him for a
while and then disappeared.
That was more than a month ago, one
of the first times Allied fighters encountered 
what they now call "foo-fighters."*
In addition to the wingtip balls, pilots
have reported two other types. One is a
group of three similar balls which fly in
front of their planes, the other a group of
about fifteen which appear some distance
away and flicker on and off. Apparently
controlled by radio, the foo-fighters keep
•The name comes from the Smokey Stover** comic
strip.
destination with the planes, even when
they dive, climb, or take violent evasive
action. "But they don't explode or attack 
us," Meiers said last week. “They
just seem to follow us like will-o'-the-
wisps."
Probably related to the silvery balls
seen by daylight pilots (Newsweek, Dec.
25, 1944), the foo-fighters so far apparently 
baffie intelligence officers. Possibly
they are the results of a new anti-radar
device which the Cermans have developed. 
On the other hand, they may be
the exhaust trails of a smaller model of
the radio-controlled Messerschmitt-163,
a rocket-propelled flying wing.
Foo-Fighter
If it was not a hoax or an optical illusion, 
it. was certainly the most puzzling
secret weapon that Allied fighters have yet
encountered. Last week U.S. night fightet
pilots based in France told a strange story
of balls of fire which for more than a
month have been following their planes at
night over Germany.* No one seemed to
know what, if anything, the fireballs were
supposed to accomplish. Pilots, guessing
that it was a new psychological weapon,
named it the “foo-fighter.”
Their descriptions’ of the apparition
varied, but they agreed that the mysterious 
flares stuck close to their planes and
appeared to follow them at high speed for
miles. One pilot said that a foo-fighter,
appearing as red balls off his wing tips,
stuck with him until he dove at 360 miles
an hour; then the balls zoomed up into the
sky.
Skeptical scientists, baffled by the whole
affair, were inclined to dismiss the fireballs
as an illusion, perhaps an afterimage of
light which remained in the pilots* eyes
after they had been dazzled by flak bursts.
But front-line correspondents and armchair 
experts had a Buck Rogers field day.
They solemnly guessed: 1) that the balls
of fire were radio-controlled (an obvious
absurdity, since they could not be synchronized 
with a plane's movements by remote 
control; 2) that they were created
bv “electrical induction of some sort”;
3) that they were attracted to a plane by
magnetism.
The correspondents further guessed
that foo-fighters were intended: 1) to
dazzle pilots; 2) to serve as aiming points
for antiaircraft gunners; 3) to interfere
with a plant's radar; 4) to cut a planes
ignition, thus stop its engine at midair.
Some scientists suggested another pos-
ability: that the fireballs were nothing
than St. Elmo's Fire, a reddish,
brush-like discharge af atmospheric electricity 
which has often been seen near the
tips of church steeples, ships' masts and
yardarms. It often appears at a plane's
wing tips.
* Last manth pilots reported that they had seen
mysterious floating silvery balls, apparently ano-
ther "secret weapon” in daylight flights over
Germany.
On the left is part of an article in Newsweek, 15 January 1945, and, right, an article
from Time of the same date, relating to the mysterious ‘foo-fighters’ encountered
by Allied and Axis aircrews in Europe and other theatres of operation around the
world during the Second World War.


==========================================================================
3. GHOST ROCKETS

In the summer of 1946 an extraordinary wave of sightings of what became
known as ‘ghost rockets’ proliferated in Denmark, Finland, Norway and
Sweden, followed by reports from Portugal, Morocco, Italy, Greece and India.'
There were also sporadic reports from other countries, including the United
States.
So called because they often appeared like rocket-shaped craft with
fiery trails, the ghost rockets (or ‘spook bombs’) sometimes performed
fantastic manoeuvres, crossing the sky at tremendous velocity, diving and
climbing, though at other times proceeding in a leisurely manner. An early
1947 US War Department intelligence review, classified Secret at the time,
summarizes the observations:
The two most common descriptions of the missiles were ‘a ball of fire
with a tail’ and ‘a shiny cigar-shaped object’. The reported direction of
flight covered all points of the compass, with a northerly direction
being slightly predominant. Variations in altitude ranged from treetop
height to 160,000 feet, the higher altitudes almost exclusively being
reported from Finland. Speeds reported were from 65 mph to ‘lightning 
fast’, with the majority described as having great or very great
speed. The missiles generally have been described in horizontal flight;
a few have been reported as diving into the ground or into lakes, or
exploding in the air. In no case have fragments been found other than
bits of material described as ‘non-metallic slag’...
In September and October, flying objects were reported over
widely separate points in Europe and Africa, including Belgium,
Greece, Italy, Morocco, and Austria. In the main, these reports have
not been confirmed.. .2
According to a memorandum for Commanding General Carl (‘Tooey’)
Spaatz, US Army Air Forces, dated 19 July 1946, classified secret, the first
sighting was reported to have occurred over Finland on 13 May. A ‘rocket’
was observed travelling at supersonic speed in a south-westerly direction
over Helsinki at an altitude of 1,000 feet, emitting a magnesium-like light
and a trail of smoke.
An overwhelming majority of reports came from Sweden. The memorandum, 
written by Major General George C. McDonald, Assistant Chief,
US Air Staff, for Intelligence, lists numerous reports of what are sometimes
referred to as ‘V-bombs’. The prevailing explanation was that the objects
were rockets based on captured German V-weapons (the V-l pulse-jet
flying bomb and the V-2 (actually called the A-4) rocket).
Approximately ten apparently patternless V-bomb sightings have been
reported between 23 May and 8 June, the missiles travelling from
northeast to southwest over southern Sweden. These missiles were
reported as being cigar-shaped, about the size of a small airplane. They
were flying at an altitude of 100 to 1,000 meters and were accompanied
by a continuous ball of fire with intermittent flashes of fire about every
ten seconds. Swedish astronomers dismiss the meteor theory but the
Swedish Army is at a loss to account for them ...
The memorandum cites a State Department cable of 12 July 1946:
On Tuesday afternoon, 9 July, a member of the Legation saw a rocketlike 
missile. It seemed to be falling rapidly toward the Earth and no
sound of explosion was heard. On the same afternoon another landed
on the beach near Stockholm. No damage was caused ... military
authorities are now studying fragments. According to a local scientist,
the first inspection indicated that the fragments contained an organic
substance which looked like carbide...
If the missiles are of Russian origin, as believed generally ... their
purpose might be of a political nature to intimidate the Swedes in
connection with Russian pressure on Sweden for current loan negotiations 
or possibly to offset the supposed increase in US military
prestige in Sweden ... Due to the lack of conclusive evidence and the
variety of reports, it is difficult at this time to reach any definite
conclusion as to the origin of these reported missiles.3
General McDonald speculated that the Russians may have been launching 
rockets from sites in Estonia or Latvia, and that it was conceivable they
intended to establish an area similar to Peenemiinde, the German missile
complex on the Baltic Sea where the V-weapons were tested - and later
used against Britain in the Second World War - some of which had come
down in Sweden.
Although the Americans were well ahead in the race to acquire German
V-weapon technology, as a result of the defection of Wernher von Braun
and most of his top associates to the US-held western zone of Germany in
June 1945, the Russians eventually succeeded in recruiting a number of
German scientists and technicians, and set up a rocket research institute in
Bleichenrode, not far from the original A-4 rocket underground production
centre in Mittelwerke. Helmut Grottrup, a top physicist and a leading
expert on the V-2’s flight-control system, headed a team of hundreds,
whose main job was to produce a full set of drawings for the V-2 and
restart production.
‘As flightworthy V-2 missiles started rolling off the restored production
line in 1946,’ reports aerospace journalist Anatoly Zak, ‘the Soviet government 
made a secret decision, signed by Josef Stalin on May 13, to transfer
all ballistic missile work, along with the German rocket experts, to Russia
by year’s end.’ The production team was transferred in October 1946, and
the launch site was established at Kapustin Yar, near the border with
Kazakhstan, in August 1947.4 Further evidence will be adduced later to
prove that Russia could not have been responsible for the ghost rockets of
1946.
On 18 July 1946, two British intelligence officers were sent to Stockholm 
to liaise with their counterparts in the Swedish Government. One was
from the Air Ministry (Squadron Leader Heath) and the other (Major
Malone) from MI 10(a), a branch of the Directorate of Military Intelligence
which, in part, specialized in ordnance and rocketry. The Swedes stressed
the need for maximum secrecy over the meetings.5 They seemed particularly
anxious to prevent the Americans knowing of their liaison with the British.
‘I have been asked by the Swedish Air Staff to take all possible measures to
prevent the Americans finding out about Swedish full co-operation with us
in investigating mysterious missiles,’ a telegram from the British air attache
in Stockholm reveals.6
The V-weapons hypothesis continued to hold sway in the intelligence
community. A top-secret memorandum to President Truman, dated 1
August 1946 and sent on behalf of General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, USAAF,
Director of Central Intelligence, mentions that the Swedish and Norwegian
Governments had imposed a news blackout with respect to the subject, and
adds that from the information then available, the ‘missiles’ were an
advanced type of V-l flying bomb, deliberately launched by the Soviets to
intimidate Sweden, Norway, Britain and the United States with a display of
superior weaponry.7
In the United States, a ghost rocket was seen on 1 August by Captain
Jack Puckett, a flying safety officer based at the headquarters of Tactical Air
Command, 300th Base Unit, Langley Field, Virginia. Puckett was making a
scheduled flight from Langley Field to MacDill Field, Tampa, Florida, when
the incident occurred:
At approximately 6 p.m., while flying a C-47 at 4000 feet northeast of
Tampa, I observed what I thought to be a shooting star to the southeast
over the Atlantic Ocean. My co-pilot, Lt. Henry F. Glass and my
engineer both observed this object at the same time.
This object continued toward us on a collision course at our exact
altitude. At about 1000 yards it veered to cross our path. We observed
it to be a long, cylindrical shape approximately twice the size of a B-
29, with luminous portholes.
Puckett stated that the object seemed to be rocket propelled, trailing a
stream of ‘fire’ about one-half its own length. The sighting lasted between
two-and-a-half and three minutes.8
On 11 August, three of the missiles were said to have exploded in
central Sweden. Another passed directly over Stockholm and crashed north
of the city. First reports from army investigators indicated that they had
found nothing. A Swedish Air Force lieutenant estimated the missile’s body
length at about 20 metres (65 feet), ‘shaped like a cigar, with a green
foremost projecting part and white sides. He said it moved at exceptionally
low altitude with terrific speed.’9
On an undisclosed date during this period, a Swedish astronomer
studying some clouds through binoculars suddenly caught sight of a
luminous, fast-moving ‘projectile’.
I first believed it to be an airplane, but soon I noticed it was travelling
much too fast for that, and within ten seconds I got a full view of the
projectile. I managed to get a clear view of the bomb’s body and
estimate that it was at least 90 feet long. The body was torpedo-shaped
and shining like metal. No sound could be heard, although the bomb
was only two kilometres away. At the explosion, a terrific light flashed
up that for a moment completely blinded me. No fire, smoke or sparks
were discernible.10
This report, sent to the Swedish General Staff, leaves no doubt that
many of these objects were ‘projectiles’ of some sort, but whose? And why?
Indeed, a three-page Top Secret report from the US Naval Attache in Paris,
dated 13 August, is confidently headed: ‘Report on Guided Missiles sent
from Soviet Controlled Territories over Scandinavian Territories’. The
evaluation is quite specific:
A good number of these projectiles are of the V-l type in the form of
a torpedo with two small wings (of a spread of from 2.50 to three
meters) and a system of jet propulsion (which allows the escape every
two seconds of a jet of flame of about thirty meters often stated to be
of a blue-green color. One witness states that the anterior portion
shines like fire which is undoubtedly the opening of the pulse-reactor
shutters) ... there exists undoubtedly one or more other types of
machines characterized by:
A supersonic speed (a non-official evaluation of the headquarters
of the Finnish Air Force places this at 2800 kilometers per hour) ...
Although certain descriptions bring to mind the V-2 (tradings, whistlings, 
meteor appearance), one report mentions ‘an engine resembling
a huge cigar’. There is no reason to believe a complete identification
(assimilation complete) with the classic German V-2 ...
In conclusion it would now seem possible to state that Sweden
and Finland have been flown over by jet-propelled projectiles whose
general itineraries are fairly well known and whose range must clearly
surpass those of the classic V-l or V-2 ...“

COLLISION COURSE

On 13 August 1946, newspapers in Stockholm reported an aerial collision
with one of the missiles. The following is extracted from the Washington
Post:
Three fliers were killed when a Swedish military reconnaissance plane
collided head-on with a rocket bomb yesterday [12 August]. The
newspaper Aftonbladet said the reconnaissance plane crashed near
Vaggeryd in southern Sweden. Shortly after the plane’s pilot spotted
the bomb, it said, radio contact was broken and the listening post
‘heard a crash’, the newspaper, quoting investigators, reported. The
report, published by other afternoon papers, was not confirmed.12
There were conflicting accounts of what happened. According to one
newspaper, the aircraft - a twin-engined Saab B18 bomber on a navigation
exercise flight - was seen circling by several witnesses over Valdshult at
1,000 metres for 15 minutes (later refuted - it was another plane), before
crashing almost vertically to the ground. No radio transmissions were
received from the plane, apparently.13 A commission to investigate the
accident arrived the next day.
The Valdshult accident remains listed in the Royal Swedish Air Force
statistics as unexplained. Sweden’s leading UFO research group, AFU, have
studied the official files. Major C.F. Westrell, an explosives expert, was
emphatic that no explosion took place in the air. Another member of the
commission stated that the pilot, Sergeant Segerhom, had no previous
experience in this particular aircraft type in ‘blind instrument flying’ (which
the pilot had apparently been engaged in at the time).14
The Saab company built 243 B18s, of which ten were involved in
fatal accidents in 1946 alone: up to and including the crash on 12 August,
thirty-four crew members had been killed. Although the Swedish Air
Force attributed the main cause of these accidents to ‘new aircraft types
and insufficient training’,15 I am mindful of the fact that many such
accidents have been reported during waves of UFO sightings - as we shall
learn.
Government authorities prepared a nationwide ‘rocket-hunting’ programme 
and alerted all military units, air bases and radar stations to be on
the lookout for the cigar-shaped ‘ghost bombs’.16
On the same day as the B18 crash, a couple boating on a lake in central
Sweden were nearly hit by a ‘diving bomb’ which burst into many parts
and disappeared beneath the water. And near Goteborg, a group of boy
scouts saw a ‘flying missile turn 35 degrees and then return to its original
course’.17
Two days later, on 14 August, the two-man crew of a B18 reported a
close encounter with one of the missiles. The following is translated from
the first part of an official report to the Air Defence Department, Stockholm, 
by Lieutenant T:
I was the pilot, on a navigational training flight with a B18A, at an
altitude of 100 m, on the route FI [Swedish Air Force base at Vaster&s]
- Malingsbo (18 km NW of Skinnskatteberg) - Krylbo - FI. Sergeant
M. was the [back-seat] signaller/observer [and wireless operator].
On the route Malingsbo-Krylbo we noticed, after about 2 minutes,
an aircraft-shaped object, on the left front, about 60 degrees, on a southeasterly 
course, slightly above the horizon. I estimated the altitude over
terrain of the object to be about 250 m. My own altitude was about
200 m above the ground. The distance to the object was about 2000 m.
Weather conditions were as follows: cloud altitude, about 800 m;
amount of clouds, 6-8/10; horizontal visibility, 30-40 km.
With the latest newspaper reports, regarding overflights of Swedish
territory by the above-mentioned missiles, on my mind, I immediately
became suspicious. Furthermore I could not identify the object as any
Swedish aeroplane. Therefore, I decided to keep eye contact with the
object and attempt to overtake it at a suitable opportunity. After about
10 seconds (I had to look down at the instruments to switch over to
maximum cruising speed) the object was gone.
I suspected it had disappeared under the horizon, therefore I
reduced our own cruising altitude. It appeared that both the object
and I had come over a relatively low countryside, and we had both
reduced the cruising altitude thus maintaining a constant altitude
above the ground.
After about 20 seconds my [back-seat] observer Sergeant M.
discovered the object again, 30 degrees to our right. We had, meanwhile, 
kept our own course all the time. Immediately, I made a [right]
turn ending up on a parallel course with the object, and switched to
maximum speed.
The shortest distance between us was about 1000 m. It immediately 
appeared that I would not be able to keep pace with the object,
whose speed I estimated to be at least 600-700 km/h. After about 2
minutes the object had vanished in a south-easterly direction. A storm
with heavy rain and a cloud height of 100-300 m lay straight ahead of
the object’s course, and the object disappeared into it.
The object kept a constant cruising altitude of 250 m. Thus (on
the whole) it followed the topography of the ground. Speed was considerably 
higher than the speed of a plane ... at least 600-700 km/h.
Our own speed [at the time] 380 km/h. Appearance of the object:
reminding me of the fuselage of a B18. No wings, [tail-fin] or protruding 
parts visible at observation distance. Colour, dark. The observation
was made at 10:02 ...
No smoke or exhaust was observed. At the time of the sighting,
Lieutenant I. was the head of a B18 division at the FI wing. He later
became head of the Air Force’s experimental station, working on flight tests
of new Swedish aircraft and missiles. In telephone interviews in 1986 with
leading researcher Clas Svahn, the pilot confirmed the accuracy of his
report and added that he had been summoned to Stockholm by the Air
Director to give an oral statement.
‘What I saw could have been a disc seen from the side, or a cigar,’ the
pilot explained to Svahn. ‘It was close enough for me to be able to judge
whether it was a conventional aircraft or not. The object was torpedoshaped, 
It was pointed both at the front end and at the stern - like a big
and fat cigar [see plate section]. There were no contours or nuances of
colour. It was dark grayish.’18
The following extracts from a lengthy top-secret intelligence report by
the US Naval Attache in Stockholm on 16 August (p. 50) reveal the
increasing frustration in military circles:
To date no U.S. military or naval personnel in Sweden have seen any
fragments, photographs, radar tracks, points of impact, or other
evidence of any kind to prove that guided missiles have actually been
seen over Swedish territory...
Although sightings of brilliant light phenomena over Stockholm
on 11 August created a great furore in the Swedish press and considerable 
concern among the Swedish public, the Swedish Air Force has not
called back its officers from their summer leave, and the Swedish
aircraft warning net has not been mobilized to spot reported missiles.
Considering the fact that hundreds of reports from all over the country
have described cigar-shaped missiles with fiery tails at altitudes low
enough for interception by Swedish jet-propelled aircraft, this apparent
unconcern ... is peculiar.19

FURTHER CENSORSHIP

On the same date, a Top Secret US War Department message reveals that
the Americans were aware of the presence in Stockholm of the British
intelligence officers Heath and Malone, though they seem to have accepted
that the purpose of the visit was not specifically connected with the ghost
rockets. However, the officers ‘were told to investigate reports of missiles as
an additional duty. They were able to discover nothing except what had
already been published in the press.’20
By 22 August, another top-secret cable referred to Heath and Malone
as ‘guided missile experts sent to Sweden by Air Ministry ... Intelligence
Section Air Ministry reports that a news leak has occurred regarding request
of Sweden for radar equipment and also the sending of guided missile
technicians to Sweden ... Further that although Swedes had requested
radar installation and technicians they have now withdrawn request and
Air Ministry will send no personnel to Sweden on subject.. ,’21
In fact, both Britain and America sent experts. Lieutenant General
James H. Doolittle, a USAAF expert with specialized knowledge of longdistance 
bombing techniques, arrived in Stockholm together with David
Samoff, an intelligence specialist in aerial warfare. The two men were
consulted by Colonel C.R. Kempf, Chief of the Swedish Defence Staff.
Sarnoff was later quoted as saying that the objects reported were neither
mythological nor meteorological but were ‘real missiles’.22
By this time, further censorship had been imposed - in Norway. On 31
August 1946, the London Daily Telegraph reported that:
The discussion of the flight of rockets over Scandinavia has been
dropped in the Norwegian newspapers since Wednesday. On that day
the Norwegian General Staff issued a memorandum to the press asking
it not to make any mention of the appearance of rockets over
Norwegian territory but to pass on all reports to the Intelligence
Department of the High Command.
Military security and political nervousness appear to be responsible, 
in equal proportions, for this measure. In Sweden the ban is
limited to any mention of where the rockets have been seen to land or
explode.
Censorship was justified. Firstly, it was an established practice during
the V-l and V-2 bombardments of the London area in the Second World
War not to reveal publicly where the missiles had fallen, so that the enemy
would remain in ignorance of the degree of accuracy of the targeting.
Secondly, the ghost rockets were causing considerable public concern, if
not panic, and because the authorities had failed to come up with a
plausible explanation for the missiles, they needed to play down the
situation.

MILITARY AND SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE

The notion that the Soviets were responsible continued to prevail. In a top-
secret memorandum to President Truman on 22 August, for instance,
General Vandenberg, Director of Central Intelligence, reported that the
Soviets had reactivated Peenemiinde, and that the ghost-rocket reports
most probably could be attributed to test flights.23
On 23 August it was reported that British radar experts, having returned
from Sweden, had ‘submitted secret reports to the British Government on
the origin of the rockets’.24 One of the scientists to examine the reports
was Professor R.V. Jones, Director of Intelligence on Britain’s Air Staff at
the time, as well as scientific adviser to Section IV of MI6, the Secret
Intelligence Service. He was ideally qualified, having also been in charge
of intelligence against the V-l and V-2 missiles.
Jones was understandably dismissive of a Soviet origin. ‘The Russians
were supposedly cruising their flying bombs at more than twice the range
that the Germans had achieved,’ he wrote, ‘and it was unlikely that they
were so advanced technologically as to achieve a substantially greater
reliability at 200 miles than the Germans had reached at 100 miles.’25
The Americans continued to suspect that they were ‘out of the loop’ as
far as British and Swedish intelligence assessments were concerned. A top-
secret communique on 1 October from the US Military Attache in London
to Washington (p. 51) reveals that ‘Military and Naval Attache Sweden as
well as some MA [military attache] Staff feel British may not have given us
all available information on reported rockets over Scandinavia.. .’2<s
On 10 October, the Swedish military authorities announced that their
four-month investigation had failed to ascertain the origin or nature of the
ghost rockets. A special communique declared that 80 per cent of 1,000
reports could be attributed to ‘celestial phenomena’. The V-type weapon
theory was dismissed.27 ‘But,’ added the communique, ‘in some cases clear,
unambiguous observations have been made which cannot be explained as
natural phenomena, Swedish aircraft, or imagination on the part of the
observer. Echo, radio and other equipment registered readings, but gave no
clue as to the nature of the objects.’ Fragments found at crash sites turned
out to be ‘ordinary slag’.28
In February 1947, a Top Secret message from the US Naval Attache in
London to the Chief of Naval Intelligence reported that the British Air
Ministry had been given ‘bits of metal’ by the Swedish Air Force ‘which
had been subjected to high temperatures, and which the Swedes thought
might possibly have been part of a guided missile’. However, tests revealed
that ‘they in themselves did not afford sufficient evidence to show they
were part of a guided missile’.29
The pieces had been analyzed at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farn-
borough, and although scientists initially reported that one of the fragments
contained over 98 per cent of an unknown element, Professor R.V. Jones
pointed out that the material had not been tested for carbon. ‘Carbon
would not have shown up in any of the standard tests, but one had only to
look at the material,’ claimed Jones, ‘to see that it was a lump of coke.’30
Had any anomalous elements or materials been found in the fragments,
however, such a discovery would immediately have been shrouded in layers
of secrecy, protected by a cover story - the sort of cover story provided by
Professor Jones, for instance.

Sightings of the ‘ghost rockets’ continued to be reported, though sporadically. 
By the autumn of 1947, it is probable that a few sightings - in
Scandinavia and the Soviet Union at least - related to Soviet activity, since
the Russians really were test-launching V-2 rockets then (from Kapustin
Yar) and, later, an improved version called the G-l (also designated G-10),
with a longer range than the V-2.31 The Soviets also did many flight tests of
V-1-type pulse-jets.
Is there a remote possibility that the Russians actually responsible
for the ghost rockets? Bill Gunston, one of the world’s leading experts,
thinks not. ‘In my opinion,’ he told me, ‘the Russians were the principal
pioneers of rockets used as a means of boosting the Bight performance of
aircraft. On the other hand, at the end of the Second World War they were
(like everyone else) light years behind Von Braun and his A-4 and A-10
programmes. I know of no major Russian programme involving test
launches of rocket vehicles in the years immediately following 1945, apart
from German-made A-4s and Russian derivatives, all of which had prominent 
tails but no wings.’32
Furthermore, a ghost rocket was encountered in the United States two
years after the Scandinavian wave. In the early hours of 25 July 1948,
Captain Clarence Chiles and his co-pilot John Whitted, flying an Eastern
Airlines DC-3 over Alabama, were buzzed by an object on a collision
course. ‘It flashed down toward us and we veered to the left,’ said Chiles,
‘and passed us about 700 feet to our right and above us. Then, as if the
pilot had seen us and wanted to avoid us, it pulled up with a tremendous
burst of flame from the rear and zoomed into the clouds, its prop wash or
jet wash rocking our DC-3.’
The pilots described the object as ‘a wingless aircraft, 100 feet long,
cigar-shaped and about twice the diameter of a B-29 with no protruding
surfaces ... From the side of the craft came an intense, fairly dark blue
glow that ran the entire length of the fuselage.’ Windows or openings
appeared along its side (see p. 52). Air Force intelligence investigators found
that the only other aircraft in the vicinity was a C-47 transport.33
Whatever their origin, there is no doubt that, in military intelligence
circles at least, alarm bells were ringing.
In 1947, Professor Paul Santorini, Greece’s leading physicist, was
supplied by the Greek Army with a team of engineers to investigate what
were believed to be Russian missiles flying over Greece.34 Santorini, who
studied with Albert Einstein at Zurich University, had developed the first
proximity fuze to explode the Hiroshima atomic bomb at a predetermined
height, and designed a guidance system which was later used on US Nike
missiles.35 In 1967, three years after retiring, he gave a lecture to the Greek
Astronautical Society, broadcast on Athens Radio, during which he guardedly 
disclosed the results of the Greek investigation into the ghost rockets:
‘We soon established they were not missiles. But before we could do any
more, the Army, after conferring with foreign officials, ordered the investigations 
stopped. Foreign scientists flew to Greece for secret talks with me.’
Among the foreign personnel who conferred with the physicist were
Pentagon and other unnamed American scientists.
A ‘world blanket of secrecy’ surrounded the UFO question, Santorini
declared, because, among other reasons, the authorities were unwilling to
admit the existence of a force against which we had no possibility of
defence.. .36

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Gross, Loren E., ‘Ghost Rockets of 1946*, Encyclopedia of UFOs (ed. Ronald
D. Story), New English Library, London, 1980, pp. 147-9.
2. “‘Ghost Rockets” over Scandinavia’, Intelligence Review, No. 47, Intelligence
Division, War Department General Staff, Washington, DC, 9 January 1947. The
Ghost Rocket File, edited by Jan Aldrich, Fund for UFO Research, PO Box 277,
Mount Rainier, MD 20712, 2000.
3. The Ghost Rocket File.
4. Zak, Anatoly, ‘The Rest of the Rocket Scientists’, Air & Space, Smithsonian, Vol.
18, No. 3, August/September 2003, pp. 69-71.
5. The National Archives, F0371/56988, Memo from C.B. Jerram (Stockholm) to
Foreign Office, 13 July 1946.
6. The National Archives, F0371/56951, Memo from a Mr Henderson (Stockholm)
to Foreign Office, 27 July 1946.
7. The Ghost Rocket File.
8. Report submitted to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP), published in The UFO Evidence, edited by Richard C. Hall, Barnes 8c
Noble Books, New York, 1997, p. 25.
9. ‘Swedish Army Investigating Rocket Mystery’, Washington Post, 12 August 1946.
10. ‘Swedes Use Radar in Fight on Missiles’, New York Times, 13 August 1946.
11. Intelligence Report, Top Secret, Office of Chief of Naval Operations, prepared by
Lt. Cdr. A.A. Rocheleau, forwarded by Capt. R.H. Hillenkoetter [who, promoted to
rear admiral, became CIA director the following year], 13 August 1946.
12. ‘Plane Hits Rocket, Three Swedes Killed’, Washington Post, 14 August 1946.
13. Jonkopings-Posten, 12 August 1946.
14. Final investigation report, 13 October 1946, Swedish Air Staff archives.
15. Morgon Tidningen, 14 August 1946.
16. ‘Sweden Declares War on Rockets’, News-Joumal, Mansfield, Ohio, 14 August 1946.
17. ‘Two Swedes escape a “Ghost Rocket”’, New York Times, 14 August 1946.
18. AFU Newsletter, Issue 44, September 2002, Archives for UFO Research
Foundation, PO Box 11207, S-600 11 Norrkoping, Sweden.
19. Intelligence Report, Top Secret, forwarded by Captain William D. Wright, US
Naval Attache, Stockholm, 16 August 1946.
20. War Department Classified Message Center, Top Secret TOT [time of
transmission] Priority, from the Military Attache, London, to General Spaatz and
others, 16 August 1946. The Ghost Rocket File.
21. US War Department, Classified Message Center, Top Secret TOT Priority, 22
August 1946. The Ghost Rocket File.
22. Flammonde, Paris, UFO Exist!, G.P. Putnam’s Sons, New York, 1976, pp. 127-34.
23. The Ghost Rocket File.
24. New York Times, 23 August 1946.
25. Jones, Professor R.V., The Natural Philosophy of Flying Saucers’, Physics Bulletin,
Vol. 19, July 1968, pp. 225-30.
26. War Department Classified Message Center, Top Secret TOT, from the US
Military Attache London to War Department, Washington, for Generals
Chamberlin, Spaatz and Norstad. The Ghost Rocket File.
27. ‘Swedish Inquiry Fails	To	Solve	Rocket	Case’, New	York	Times,	11	October 1946.
28. ‘Swedish Report on “Rockets’”,	Daily	Telegraph,	London,	11 October 1946.
29. Top Secret message from Tully Shelley, US Naval Attache, American Embassy,
London, to the Chief of Naval Intelligence.
30. Jones, Professor R.V., op. cit.
31. Zak, op. cit., p. 71.
32. Email, 3 March 2006.
33. Arnold, Kenneth and Palmer, Ray, The Coming of the Saucers, Amherst Press,
Wisconsin, 1952, pp. 90-1.
34. Sydney Sun, 25 February 1967.
35. Fowler, Raymond E., UFOs: Interplanetary Visitors, Exposition Press, Jericho, New
York, 1974, p. 106.
36. Sydney Sun, 25 February 1967.


WAR DEPARTMENT
CLASSIFIED MESSAGE CENTER
INCOMING CLASSIFIED MESSAGE
URGENT
TOP SECRET FILEPARAPHRASE NOT REQUIRED. HANDLE AS TOP SECRET
CORRESPONDENCE PLC; PARAS 51(1) and 60(a) ar 380-5
From:To:Mr:USHA  Stockholm, Sweden
War Department for MILID
1042
16 July 1946CM IN 3219Gen. McDonald GEN. EVEREST(16 Jul 46) DTO 160900Z
TOP SECRETtl
Swedish Army staff studing 300 to 400 rocket
incidents Ref your WAR 94001 of 12 July. They advise:
6 phenomena have been observed to explode in the air, up to
50 points of impact observed. No evidence of radio control
and Army Staff believes phenomena not radio controlled.
Defense Research Institute studying fragments but key
personnel on leave and report being delayed therefore. No
large fragments yet found and small fragments appear to be
nonferrous. Afton Blerict states Russians have established
research base with staff of German scientists on Dago
island off Estonia. (staff checking basis of this report)
Staff has rather tenuous hypothesis to support this as.
follows:Two circular rocket courses both with radius of
approximately 300 kilometers and courses respectively
too 56-57 N latitude, and 19-20 E longitude quadrangle
and the 61-62 N latitude, 21-22 E longitude quadrangle with
rockets launched from Dago clockwise on both courses. This
theory accounts for only portion of incidents. Staff has
not yet processed all reports. Some highly placed officials
believe phenomena are Russian rocket experiments either
purely for research or for War of Nerves. Staff very
nervous about release of info to united States and United
Kingdom for fear Russians will cry "Vest bloc". This office
urges greatest protection this information. Detailed report
by next pouch also later followup on ultimate findings.
MO5547EXACT COPY OF THIS MESSAGE IS FORBIDDENA Top Secret UF War Department message (16 July 1946) relating to the 2,000-plus
sightings of mysterious ‘ghost rockets’ and ‘spook bombs’, which appeared over
Scandinavia - Sweden in particular - and other countries in 1946.
(The National Archives, Washington)

ACTION: Gen ChamerlinINFO Lead story (14 August 1946) relating to a reported aerial collision with one of the
ghost rockets. (The Washington Post)

ISSUED BY THE INTELLIGNECE DIVISION
OFFICE OF CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS
NAVY DEPARTMENTINTELLIGENCE REPORT
No tangible evidence to date as to nature or origin of
rockets reported over Sweden, although Swedish Defense
Staff insists that they are rocketa. Swedish press and
public aroused, but Swedish Air Force officers still on
summer leave, aircraft warning yet not mobilised, and no
attempts made to intercept missiles with jet fighters;
improbable that rockets, if any, are Russian or British,
but possible that they are Swedish. Swedish Defense Staff
evasive and tbeir communiques contradicttory and confusing.
Sweden may be experimenting with rockets,but is conceal-
ing the fact and encouraging the belief that rockets of
foreign origin are being launched over Sweden, with
civilian observers reporting jet fighters, contrails, and
meteors as rockets.
Encls:(A) Copy of M.A. Stkm Top Secret Report R334-46 of 13 August 1946.
(B) Translation of Miscellaneous Swedish Newspaper Articles.1. This report is an attempt to correlate various reports on the recently  reported sightings of light phenomena or rockets over Sweden and, in the absence of any tangible evidence, to formulate a hypothesis as to their nature and origin.2. To date no U.S. military or naval personnel in Sweden have seen any frag-ments, photographs, radar tracks, points of impact, or other evidence of any kind to prove that guided missiles have actually been seen over Swedish territory.3. On 12 august the reporting officer asked three Swedish Air Force officers what they thought of the reported sightings. They answered that they believed definitely that these were rockets. On 13 August the reporting officer and the Assistant U.S. Military Attache were permitted to talk to three Swedish Air Force officers from Defence Staff, who stated in answer to direct questions that while that had no definitive evidence to back their belief, they believed that the reported phenomena were rockets. This may therefore be accepted as the official Swedish military expression as to the nature of the reported phenomena.Directed by OriginatorComdryau , London.................O.N.L.Part of a Top Secret US Naval Intelligence report (16 August 1946) expressing
bewilderment and confusion about the ghost rockets.
(The National Archives, Washington)


WAR DEPARTMENT
CLASSIFIED MESSAGE CENTER
INCOMING CLASSIFIED MESSAGE
TOP SECRET TOT
PARAPHRASE NOT REQUIRED- HANDLE AS TOP SECRET CORRESPONDENCEPER PARA3 511 and 60a, AR 380-5.
From:USMA, London, England cgd Binnoll
To :War Department for MILID personal for Chamberlin
Nr :71085
1	October	1946
MC-5699 - MC5457
A Military Attache report 3658-46 of 25 September
en route by mail raises 6 points under comments on coversheet. Military and Naval Attache Sweden as well as some of
FA Staff London feel British may not have given  us all
available information on reported rockets over Scandinavia.My understanding in that Intelligence Division is securing
everything available to the British through British Staff
Mission (See our Radio number 70873 of 6 August and your WARX 96774 of & August). If British data on 6 points
raised on cover sheet has not been made available in
Washington DC you desire effort made here to secure this information 
End Note: 70872 1s CM-CN-1391 (7 Aug) General Chamberlin 
ACTION:	General	Chamberlin
INFO :	General Spastz General NorotadCM-IR-193	(1	Oct 46) 
DTG:	011310Z
TOP SECRET
GEN. EVERESTGEN. McDonald
THE MAKING OF AN EXACT COPY OF THIS MESSAGE IS PROHIBITED

A Top Secret US War Department message (1 October 1946) addressing American
concerns that the British may not have given them ‘all available information on
reported rockets’. (The National Archives, Washington)

The ‘ghost rocket’ encountered by an Eastern Airlines DC-3 at 02:45 on 25 July 1948,
near Montgomery, Alabama. ‘Whatever it was,’ reported Captain Clarence Chiles,
‘it flashed down toward us and we veered to the left and passed us about 700 feet to
our right and above us.’ (Sketch from The UFO Evidence, edited by Richard H. Hall,
Barnes & Noble, New York, 1964)


===========================================================================
4. CONFLICT

Following the Second World War, the United States needed to adapt what
had been code-named the Manhattan Engineering District Project into a
stable peacetime operation, producing and maintaining a nuclear-weapons
stockpile for the nation. Part of J. Robert Oppenheimer’s answer to this
problem was to create ‘Z Division’ in July 1945,1 named after Jerrold R.
Zacharias, a physics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
(MIT), who led the division from its inception until October 1945 at Los
Alamos Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
‘The primary mission of the new group was to improve the ordnance
design of the Fat Man [A-bomb] model,’ Rebecca Ullrich, Sandia Laboratories’ 
corporate historian, explained to me in 2005. ‘Overall, it took on the
ordnance engineering activities related to atomic weapon design ... Z was
organized into several groups by topic area.’ One such group was Z-12 -
the Manual Preparation Group - formed in September 1947.2 By that time,
Z Division had been ensconced in what was then known as Sandia Base,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Z Division comprised twelve groups (although thirteen are listed for
1948), some with sub-groups. For example, Z-l (‘Experimental System’)
had Z-l A (‘Airborne Testing’) and sub-groups B and C. Jon ‘Andy’ Kissner,
a former Republican State Representative for Las Cruces, New Mexico
(1997-2000), who also worked with a space systems division at a major US
defence contractor, has done a great deal of research into this matter.3 He
believes that a division of Z attached to ‘Project Y’ - the Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, which later became the Los Alamos National Laboratory 
- was associated with the problem of unidentified aerial objects,
beginning in the summer or early autumn of 1947.
Dr Zacharias’s first task at MIT in the war years had been to develop a
radar system ‘capable of detecting distant objects’. He also helped develop
other sophisticated radar systems, including the British ‘Oboe’ blind-
bombing system. In 1951 he served as associate director of Project Charles,
established to make recommendations on the air defence of the North
American continent, and in 1952 he directed a Lincoln Laboratory study
that recommended setting up a chain of distant early-warning (DEW)
radars stretched across the Arctic to detect approaching missiles.4 Project
Charles was renamed Project Lincoln that year, and Zacharias chaired the
project’s ‘Summer Study Group’, which included MIT and CIA scientists
who had become so alarmed about air defence problems associated with
UFOs that they took their concerns directly to the National Security
Council.5
Beginning in the Second World War, many committees - official and
unofficial - were set up to study unidentified aerial craft. The Army’s
Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit (IPU) of the Scientific and Technical
Branch, Counterintelligence Directorate, was established in 1947 (or,
reportedly, in 1945, by General Douglas MacArthur) and disbanded in the
1950s. In a letter to researcher William Steinman, Lieutenant Colonel Lance
Comine explained that:
The ‘unit’ was formed as an in-house project purely as an interest item
for the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence. It was never a ‘unit’ in
the military sense, nor was it ever formally organized or reportable, it
had no investigative function, mission or authority, and may not even
have had any formal records at all. It is only through institutional
memory that any recollection exists of this unit.6
Colonel Anthony Gallo Jr, Director of Counterintelligence, informed me
that ‘the aforementioned Army unit was disestablished during the late
1950’s and never reactivated. All records pertaining to this unit were turned
over to the US Air Force Office of Special Investigations in conjunction
with operation “BLUEBOOK”.’7 Such records, if they survive, have yet to
be released. Officially titled Project Blue Book, this was the third and final
official US Air Force investigation into aerial phenomena (1952-69).
The failed attempts to shoot down unidentified aircraft in Los Angeles
(1942), Detroit and Colorado (1945), as well as the extraordinary proliferation 
of sightings of possibly hostile ‘missiles’ and other craft in 1946 and
early 1947, renewed the determination by US military authorities to bring
down one or more craft for scientific and technical intelligence evaluation.
(I do not know if the craft allegedly recovered at San Antonio, New Mexico,
in August 1945, was shot down.) Since the burgeoning nuclear weapons
programme most probably had led to the increase of what appeared to be
a strategic reconnaissance by forces whose motives were unknown, it would
be of vital importance to protect the facilities at Los Alamos, Sandia and
elsewhere (also, of course, to counter any potential Soviet threat).
Such a plan would need to be Top Secret, as well as highly compart-
mented. The nuclear programme, with its multiple levels of ‘compartmen-
talization’, would provide the perfect cover. ‘Compartmentalization of
knowledge,’ wrote General Leslie Groves, military leader in charge of the
Manhattan Project, ‘was the very heart of security. My rule was simple ...
each man should know everything he needed to know to do his job, and
nothing else.’8
In later years, extremely sensitive secrets were designated ‘Sensitive
Compartmented Information’ (SCI), or ‘Extremely Sensitive Information’
(ESI), though other systems exist. For example, ‘Very Restricted Knowledge’
(VRK), established by the National Security Agency in 1974, limits access
to uniquely sensitive communications intelligence (COMINT) activities and
programmes. According to William M. Arkin, VRK normally contains even
further restrictions, categorized by number (such as VRK-7).9
A T-Force, Andy Kissner explains, was ‘a specialized, often inter-service
US military unit assigned a mission to take, hold and defend a specialized
enemy facility or specific piece of enemy equipment possessing high
scientific or technical value, as defined by the OSRD [Office of Scientific
Research & Development] and the JCS [Joint Chiefs of Staff] during
WWII.’10 T-Forces - which had secured Hitler’s most secret aerospace
laboratories - were drawn from agents of the Office of Strategic Services
(OSS), which later became the CIA.
‘Our technical “collection” capabilities for foreign-manufactured items
have been very highly classified since the end of WWII,’ Kissner told me.
‘“Paperclip” and other foreign hardware collections (missiles, aircraft,
tanks, electronic gear, etc.) and the methods used to secure these systems
for analysis are equally highly classified. Flying discs were another "foreign”
technology that we collected, I believe. The T-Forces operated under the
authority of the Research and Development Board of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, OSRD and the Executive Office of the President.’
Kissner also informed me that, based on his information regarding the
Roswell incident, ‘a T-Force was assigned the responsibility to collect a
flying disc (or discs) and clean up the crash sites, under orders from the
OSRD...’11

‘PECULIAR PHENOMENA’ DEFLECT V-2 ROCKET

On 15 May 1947, ‘peculiar phenomena’ were blamed by Lieutenant Colonel
Harold R. Turner, commanding officer at White Sands Proving Ground
(WSPG), New Mexico, for the erratic test flight of a V-2 (A-4) rocket.12 As
the rocket climbed to an intermediate altitude of 40 miles, Kissner learned
that radar technicians assigned to US Army Ordnance watched in amazement 
as another target instantaneously appeared right next to the missile.13
The V-2 veered off course and crashed to earth two minutes later, 40
degrees off the normal flight path. Pending a formal report from the ground
search crew, Turner said there were no clues to the cause of the missile’s
behaviour.14
This incident, says Kissner, ‘began an episode that would evolve over
the next half-century into the most highly classified military and scientific
research and development project in world history - more highly classified
than the Manhattan Engineering District project that detonated its first
nuclear experiment at Trinity Site ... Not surprisingly, this project would
require use of some of the same Atomic Energy Commission laboratories.’
He continues:
Whatever had mysteriously appeared and vanished after observing a
V-2 in flight and affecting its trajectory at a highly classified missile
range became an immediate priority within a small closed circle. It
involved highly ranked general staff officers and civilian scientists
assigned to the Office of Scientific Research and Development and the
Joint Research and Development Board of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
under whose authority White Sands Proving Ground was established
and operated. Both of these national weapons research and development 
organizations were headed by one key man - Dr Vannevar Bush.
Citing published material, Kissner reports that initial speculation centred 
on the object being a long-range Russian reconnaissance aircraft or
drone launched from Mexico, though the ‘peculiar phenomenon’ had not
been detected before the V-2 launch.
Recorders attached to an array of tracking radars assessing the rocket’s
performance, and film from a battery of high-speed ground cameras
were reviewed. German scientists, including Wernher von Braun,
brought to Fort Bliss (El Paso, Texas) to support the V-2 programme
at WSPG by US Army Ordnance, Enemy Equipment Intelligence
Section, at the encouragement of Dr Bush, had witnessed the launch,
as had scientists working with the Naval Research Laboratory including
Dr James Van Allen of the Applied Physics Laboratory of Johns
Hopkins University. The Germans ... were also at a loss to explain
the phenomenon.
Others brought to WSPG to review the evidence included Brigadier
General Robert M. Montague, an anti-aircraft/guided missile specialist, and
Major General John Homer, commanding the Army’s Anti-aircraft Artillery
and Guided Missile Center at Fort Bliss.
The Army Air Forces at Alamogordo Field were placed on heightened
alert for unknown airborne intruders. Lieutenant Colonel Turner and
General Montague requested a more rapid deployment of the Gapa
(qround-to-air pilotless aircraft), operated under the auspices of the Technical 
Branch of Air Materiel Command, headed by General Nathan F.
Twining, with a programme site at Wendover Field, Utah.15 According to
Wemher von Braun, more than one hundred Gapas were built before the
project was cancelled in 1949. All were two-stage missiles with solid-
propellant boosters.16

RETALIATION

Andy Kissner believes that the incident on 15 May led later to several discs
being shot down - and an unprecedented wave of aircraft crashes, attributed 
to retaliation. The first post-war attack on the unknown flying objects
is said to have occurred on 29 May 1947. At 16:00, a V-2 launch had been
aborted at WSPG. At 17:30, a US Navy Curtiss SB2C Helldiver crashed at
Las Cruces Airport, 25 air miles west of the launch site, due to failure of its
landing gear. At around 18:00, a second plane flown by a student pilot
overturned as it attempted to land at the same airport. At 19:15, at least
one surface-to-air missile with a 674-pound high-explosive warhead was
fired at one or more radar targets hovering to the south-west of WSPG
Launch Row. Kissner claims:
At approximately 7:20 pm, at an altitude above 60,000 feet, the
proximity fuze on the warhead detonated - ten miles north and
slightly west of Mt. Franklin. This explosion, witnessed by General
Homer and reported by Hanson Baldwin in the York Times the
following day, occurred more than 10 minutes before a second
explosion at least 30 miles further south. Gen. Homer dispatched
troops to look for missile wreckage and investigate the first crash site
10-15 miles northwest of Ft. Bliss, towards WSPG.
The surface-to-air missile’s target, possibly crippled by the explosion, 
continued to fly in airspace north of Ft. Bliss, eventually impacting
within one mile of the then-new Buena Vista airport south of downtown
Juarez, Mexico, at 7:32 pm ... A ‘blinding flash of light’ followed by a
tremendous pressure wave [and] by the appearance of a mushroom
cloud excited local rumours that an atomic bomb had exploded ... The
ground shock generated by the explosion was felt 35 miles northwest
of the impact crater.
‘Whatever the object had been was not apparent,’ Kissner explains. ‘It
was totally vaporized by the explosion. Small shreds of “burned gray metal
fused with molten sand and rock” were found around the 50 ft x 50 ft x
24 ft crater. There was no V-2 rocket body at the bottom of the hole, nor
anything else. Two Mexican pilots who landed their plane shortly before
the object detonated reported seeing a flash of light that temporarily blinded
them, followed by a deafening explosion.’
Military police stationed at Fort Bliss and other US Army personnel
from WSPG rushed across the border into Mexico in an attempt to
secure the downed object. They were met at the crater by Mexican
troops and summarily evicted. Mexico’s general in command of the
Juarez garrison, Enrique Diaz Gonzalez, placed Juarez off-limits to US
Army personnel for several weeks after the incident. It was never
learned what the security detail dispatched by General Homer found
at the site of the first explosion, on the west side of the Franklin
Mountains east of Anthony, New Mexico - 12 minutes before the
explosion in Mexico.
An effective cover story was immediately provided to the Press
that another V-2 launched from White Sands had gone astray, experienced 
a total gyroscopic failure, flew 180 degrees off course and
crashed in Mexico.
Together with neighbours, the editor of Cruces Sun News observed
the rocket as it climbed high, then turned to the south. ‘At that instant, as
the rocket, its exhaust resembling another bright star, drifted past two first-
magnitude stars and the Moon, we realized something was wrong,’ he said.
Kissner points out that it was too light at the time for even first-magnitude
stars to be visible, thus these must have been discs, he believes. As for the
‘V-2’ rocket, the newspaper editor surmised that it was a modified version,
due to the extended length of its bum time.17 He was right.
‘Up until about 1999,’ Kissner told me, ‘the Army maintained that
what crashed at the Juarez airport was a V-2. In 1999, they changed the
story and now say that a Hermes A-l impacted at the airport. No
explanation yet however about the explosion that left a “mushroom-shaped” 
cloud witnessed and reported by a pilot, or of the crater left by the
explosion, or the clock that stopped in the El Paso sheriff s department.’18
Based on the German Wasserfall, the A-l was basically a one-third-size
model of the V-2. It was designed to knock out planes at high altitude and
could fly up to 15 miles at 1,850 mph. Five A-l missiles were launched
from White Sands between May 1950 and April 1951, according to Wernher
von Braun and others. He provides no information about earlier flights.19
Citing hundreds of newspaper articles, Kissner reports on the alarming
escalation of aircraft crashes at this time:
From research conducted to date, over sixty US Army and Navy
aircraft - B-29s, B-17s, Corsairs, P-80s, P-84s, AT-6s, P-51s, C-47s, C-
54s, F-7s - were lost over this two-month period. A hundred and
twenty airmen were killed and seventy-four others injured in these
incidents - gleaned from four local and one national newspaper. The
vast majority of these accidents occurred over the continental US.
Special military missions and alerts, coupled with unusually high levels
of domestic air patrolling, consumed the US military’s aviation and jet
fuel stockpile, reported to be less than one-third of the required
inventory level by mid-July 1947.
As well as military aircraft, civilian planes came to grief in increasing
numbers. A review of accidents reported within a period of a few days is
sobering:
May 29
- US Navy Curtiss SB2C Helldiver crashes on take-off from Las Cruces.
- Trainer overturns on landing at the same airfield.
- United Airlines DC-4 fails to gain altitude on take-off from La Guardia
Field, New York, killing thirty-eight. ‘Several gleaming things, like metal’
were seen falling away from the plane.
- US Army C-54 crashes near Tokyo, killing forty-two.
- USAAF B-29 bomber fails to gain altitude at Ladd Field, Alaska, killing
three.
- Two Dutch army planes collide in mid-air at Tilburg, killing twelve.
- Icelandic Airways DC-3 crashes into a mountain in Iceland, killing
\ twenty-five.
- French government Junkers Ju-52 transport plane crashes into a
mountain in southern Algeria, killing three.
May 30-31
- Eastern Airlines DC-4 turns over on its back and plummets into the
ground near Port Deposit, Maryland, killing fifty-three - the worst
commercial airline disaster in US history by that date.
- Royal Air Force (UK) B-24 Liberator explodes inexplicably while sitting
on the runway, injuring four.
- China Air Transport DC-3 makes forced landing following fire in wing.
- DC-4 operated by the Office of Naval Research collides in mid-air in New
Jersey with a Piper Cub that was diving vertically, killing two.
- An aircraft mechanic is killed when the light plane he is flying is unable to
maintain altitude and crashes in Hemet, California.
- US Army ‘twin-engine training bomber’ with four on board ‘disappears’
on a flight between Shreveport, Louisiana, and San Antonio, Texas.
On 6 June, the US Army Transport Command grounded all C-54
planes (the military version of the DC-4). ‘A spokesman for the Army Air
Forces discussed the two largest US commercial air disasters in history
involving DC-4s over the past week, but didn’t discuss the other air
accidents, now totalling over forty, involving almost every type of airplane
in major military and general aviation service.’
As crashes continued, the New York Times reported on the need to
recruit more personnel into the anti-aircraft artillery, and that the new
threat ‘of planes and the long range robot looms over every battlefield.’20
(The ‘long-range robot’, emphasized by Kissner, almost certainly was a
cover term for the unknown flying objects.) And in an appearance before
the US Congress House Appropriations Committee on 13 June, Jerome C.
Hunsaker, chairman of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics,
demanded a huge increase in his budget request in order to maintain air
superiority. ‘Much of the testimony at the hearings was so secret that it was
stricken from the public record,’ reported a newspaper.21
On 13 June, a Pennsylvania Central DC-4 crashed into a ridge near
Leesburg, Virginia, killing fifty people.22 Later that day, a B-29 based at
Davis-Monthan Field, near Tucson, went missing, and two-and-a-half
hours later slammed into Hawks Mountain near Springfield, Vermont,
killing twelve crew members. On 15 June, an Army C-47 transport plane
crash-landed at Godman Field, Kentucky, but all crew members escaped
with injuries.23 Twenty of the crew members were part of an intelligence
group headed by Major General W.G. Wyman.24 Deeply concerned by the
frequent aviation disasters, President Truman appointed a special board of
inquiry, headed by the Chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Board, with Dr
Jerome C. Hunsaker as his aide.25 (See p. 64.)
In Atlantic City, New Jersey, on 16 June, a Navy fighter pilot forced to
make an emergency landing on a suburban highway managed to escape
just before his plane - loaded with ammunition - caught fire and
exploded.26 
The crashes continued - as did the sightings of ‘flying discs’.
On 24 June 1947, pilot Kenneth Arnold observed nine crescent-shaped
objects near Mount Rainier, Washington. The report made news around
the world. Flying at the time in his CallAir single-engine plane, Arnold
had been looking for the wreckage of a lost C-46 Marine transport which
had gone down in the mountains a few months before. The Navy had
offered a $5,000 reward for the discovery of the aircraft and the bodies of
the thirty-two Marines on board.
The wreckage was eventually recovered from the Tacoma Glacier, some
9,500 feet up on Mt Rainier, by a Search and Rescue Squadron from
McChord Field. Arnold, who worked with Idaho Search and Rescue at the
time, learned from the head of the McChord squadron that when their
team eventually reached the crash site, the fuselage section remained fairly
intact, with all the luggage and parachutes still on board. cHe said there was
no blood, no bones, and there were no bodies,’ Arnold told reporter Bob
Pratt. ‘He said it looked like mountain lions carried off the bodies ... they
finally ended up saying the terrain was too treacherous to bring the bodies
down and so they didn’t bring them down, [and] that apparently was the
official explanation. However, they had funerals for the people who perished 
in that crash [and] there were thirty-two coffins there and no bodies
in them ... and they never paid the reward.’27

FALLING SILVER OBJECTS’

On 27 June, a witness driving to El Paso from Albuquerque at San Antonio,
New Mexico, 15 miles west of White Sands Proving Ground (WSPG),
reported a ‘falling silver object’, which she described as ‘just as bright and
shining as it could be. If it had been any closer it would have blinded us
... It left a short white trail. I just supposed they were firing something at
White Sands Proving Ground.’ Officials denied there had been any rocket
launches since 12 June. Earlier on 27 June, a witness observed a ‘shiny disc’
about 40 feet across over Mt Franklin, Texas.28
On receiving additional reports of ‘falling objects’ near the base,
Lieutenant Colonel Harold Turner, commanding officer at WSPG, ordered
search parties ‘in attempts to locate the objects or secure additional
information’.29
By 5 July, flying discs had been reported over thirty-one states -
particularly in the El Paso, Las Cruces and Carrizozo region of southern
New Mexico and west Texas.
On 7 July 1947, reports came from Wisconsin, the first of which
involved a ‘saucer’ that travelled at a speed of 6,000 miles per hour,
according to a flying instructor and student pilot who had just taken off
from Eikhorn. The second observation, in Eagle, of a saucer that travelled
at an estimated 9,000 mph, was reported by Captain R.J. Southey, a USAAF
wing supply officer, and his passenger.30 On the same day, the York
Times reported that, ‘A P-80 jet fighter at Muroc Army Air Field in
California and six fast regular fighters at Portland, Oregon, stood ready to
take off on an instant’s notice should any flying saucers be sighted in those
areas.’
At 09:20 the following day, at Muroc, Lieutenant J.C. McHenry and
three others saw two objects, spherical in shape, flying at 300 mph at 8,000
feet. Earlier the same day, two military engineers reported a metallic disc
‘diving and oscillating’ above the base. Curiously, no planes were sent aloft
to intercept these intruders, despite the order issued only days earlier.31
Perhaps the military was reluctant to further engage the intruders at
this stage. As it transpired, two discs had already crash-landed in New
Mexico - in late June - leading to the extraordinary series of events that
have become known collectively as ‘the Roswell incident’.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Sandia History Program & Corporate Archives, Sandia National Laboratories.
www.sandia.gov/recordsmgmt/zdiv.html
2. Letter, 5 July 2005.
3. Kissner, J. Andrew, Peculiar Phenomenon: Early United States Efforts to Collect and
Analyze Flying Discs. (Currently unpublished.)
4. Ramsey, Norman F., ‘Biographical Memoirs of Jerrold R. Zacharias’. http://
stills.nap.edu/html/biomems/jzacharias.html
5. Hall, Michael David and Connors, Wendy Ann, Captain Edward Ruppelt.
Summer of the Saucers - 1952, Rose Press International, Albuquerque, NM, 2000,
pp. 117-18, 202.
6. Steinman, William S. and Stevens, Wendelle C., UFO Crash at Aztec: A Well Kept
Secret, UFO Photo Archives, PO Box 17206, Tucson, AZ 85710, 1987, p. 55.
7. Letter from Colonel Anthony Gallo Jr, Colonel, General Staff, Director of
Counterintelligence, Department of the Army, Washington, DC, 12 March 1987.
8. Weisgall, J.M., Operation Crossroads: The Atomic Tests at Bikini Atoll, Naval
Institute Press, Annapolis, Maryland, 1994, p. 84.
9. Arkin, William M., Code Names: Deciphering US Military Plans, Programs, and
Operations in the 9/11 World, Steerforth Press, Hanover, NH 03755, 2005, p. 548.
10. Kissner, op. cit.
11. Letter, 4 June 2005.
12. ‘V-2 Goes Astray’, Las Cruces Sutt News, 16 May 1947.
13. Kissner, op. cit.
14.	Las Cruces Sun	News, 16 May 1947.
15. Kissner, op. cit.
16. Von Braun, Wernher and Ordway III, Frederick I., History of Rocketry & Space
Travel, Nelson, London, 1966, p. 144.
17. Las Cruces Sun News, 1 June 1947.
18. Email, 3 October 2005.
19. Von Braun, op. cit., p. 126.
20. Baldwin, Hanson W., ‘Few Men Assigned to Anti-Aircraft’, New York Times, 7
June 1947.
21. ‘Aerial Weapons Research Funds Urged to Keep Air Superiority’, Las Cruces Sun
News, 14 June 1947.
22. New York Times, 15 June 1947.
23. Arizona Republic, 16 June 1947.
24. El Paso Times, 16 June 1947.
25. Arizona Republic, 16 June 1947.
26. New York Times, 18 June 1947, p. 10.
27. Pratt, Bob, ‘Conversations with Major Donald Keyhoe’. www.bobpratt.org/keyhoe.html
28. ‘More El Pasoans Report Seeing “Flying Discs” In Southwest’, El Paso Times, 29
June 1947.
29. ‘Now - “Falling Objects’”, El Paso Times, 28 June 1947.
30. Kissner, op. cit.
31. ‘Report on Flying Saucers’, a USAAF report (Secret) for the Commanding


General, 32nd AAF Base Unit, Bolling Field, Washington, DC, by John D.
Schindler Jr, AAF-CAP [Civil Air Patrol] Liaison Officer, 7 July 1947.
A front-page article from the Las Cruces Sun News, New Mexico (1 June 1947) and
part of an article in the New York Times (16 June 1947) reporting President Truman’s
deep concern about the unprecedented wave of military and civilian air disasters then
proliferating. There is evidence that many of these incidents were related to UFO
phenomena.

Round-the-World
Series of Plane
Wrecks Kills ISO
Aviation
Inquiry
Ordered
WASHINGTON, June IS-(INS)
President Truman acting to end
the wave of death-dealing airplane
disasters scrota the».naiIon-^appointed 
a special, board nf Inquiry
today to make a sweeping Investigation 
nf American air safety; vf
Mr. Truman designated Jamie
M. Landis, Civil Aeronautics Board
chairman, head ot the new national
board, and Del Jerome'C.;-Hun-
taker, chairman of aha ‘Nitlonal
Advisory Com ml u re . lor .Aeronautics, 
ss hla aid. - * •;
He named Brit. Gen. *MUtonfW.
Arnold. •. vice president of i the
operations and engineering of the
Air Trampori Association; Theodore 
p. Wright civil aeronautics
administrator, and B. Cox, a
flying member of the Air .LJn#
Pilots* Association, to aerve on the
board. - .	...	^	^	,
MIL i Till IMAM aald he iwas
"de»ply concerned'* < about ' air
aaftty “e^oecUily In view of the
receni accidents to aircraft of bur
certified domestic air carriers.*'
* The President teted less than 48
hours after Ihe nation was shocked
by the crash of a DC-4 Capital air
liner in the Blue Rtdte mountains,
trtth a death toll of JO
Other erashes wilhin the paet 33
days kilted 43 at New Ynrk*e La*
Cuardla PleM and 33 near parry*
vlJJr, Mi The total for major
plane crashes within the period, including 
that tn the Blue Ridge,
flood at 244 Uvei.
Mr. Truman, tn t letlar to each
mem ber-dtalg naif of the new
board, declared "ihe development
•t our air transportation eyuem
baa repeatedly been recognised as
(Continued On Page A Col. 41
Army Plan* Burnt;
20 Ettap* Dtath
fpKT KNOX Kr- Jun, IS-
fUr)-*An army C-47 vrsntnon
plane crashes and burned in a
landing at God mar yield here today. 
but nil o( the approximately
2D persona on board escaped without 
serious Injury, •	,
The two-engined Iriftsperi, army
version of the commercial DC-3 air
liner, brvunced and rrumided upon >
ik> riiKWiv «• II r*m* 4/i«n for 4
Now- 'Falling Objects'
New Mexicans Add To Mystery Reports
Mysterious falling objects reported near Tularosa and Engle
N.M. Friday had not been located or identified late Friday night.
There were no rockets fired from the White Sands Proving Ground
Friday.
There was much conjecture as to whether the falling objects had
any relation to the mysterious flying discs which had been variously
reported Keen recently from Oregon lo Oklahoma.
Lt. Col. Harold R. Turner commanding 
officer at White Sands said
that he had received reports that a
track walker said he had seen a
falling object near Engle N. M. and
an Army captain flying his own plane
reported seeing an object falling from
the skies near Tularosa.
Search parties were sent out from
White Sands in attempts to locate the
objects or secure additional
information.
At Silver City Dr. R F. Sensen-
baugher, a dentist said that while
traveling along the Tyrone Road
Wednesday he saw a luminous disc
sail out of the northern sky. According
to Associated Press dispatches Dr
Senscnbaugher was
(Continued on Page 6, Col.. 7)
\
with his wile and her sister Mrs. C.
B. Munroe when the disc appeared
for a few seconds before
disappearing over the southern
horizon.
He said it appeared to be about half
the size of a full moon very brilliant,
far-distant and not moving at a very
high rate of speed. He told his story
after reading reports of similar objects
in Washington and Oklahoma.
According to the United Press an
Oklahoma City flier Byron Savage
refused to budge from his story of
having seen the sailing saucers- just like
residents of Oregon and Washington
had seen them. But when Tinker Army
Air Field jet plane experts were asked
about them the reply was:
"Oh Applesaucers!”
Col. Frederick Bell though skeptical
added that he would like to meet the
man who’s flying the disc-like objects.
Savage said even his wife scoffed at
his story but he felt better after reading
the papers. They reported led that an
excited man telephoned the Daily
Oklahoman city desk Thursday night to
report he saw one of the saucers flying
overhead from northeast to southwest.
Assistant City Editor Ed Hunter said
the caller was so excited he hung up
without giving his name or address.
One cynical jet pilot at Tinker said
maybe the caller had been seeing
headlines instead.
A few days before the recovery of one or more discs in New Mexico, several observers
reported disc-like objects ‘falling’ or ‘sailing’ out of the sky. Search parties were
dispatched from the White Sands Proving Ground. Had a disc or discs been shot
down? This article appeared in the El Paso Times, Texas, 28 June 1947.
Military Planes Hunt Sky Discs
With Cameras in Vain on Coast
By the Associated PressSAN FRANCISCO, July 6-Military 
aircraft hunted the skies over
Pacific Coast states today for
sight of the mysterious "flying
saucers" that for twelve days have
puzzled the entire country. Early
reports of results were negative.
Five P-51's of the Oregon National 
Guard cruised over the Cascade 
Mountains of Washlngton -
the area where the strange objects
first were reported sighted. A
sixth circled over Portland, in constant 
radio contact with the other
five. All carried photographic
equipment.
Col. G. R. Dodson, commanding,
described their flight as a "routine
patrol," but said they had been
instructed to watch for the flying
discs.
At Manhattan Beach. Calif.
A. W. McKelvey took a Mustang
fighter plane up above Vari Nuys.
For two hours he cruised at 35,000
feet."I didn't see a thing," he said
when he landed.
Gen. Carl Spaatz, commandant
of the Army Air Forces was in the
Pacific Northwest. Ho denied
knowing anything about the flying
discs or of plans to use AAF
planes to look for them.
“I've been out of touch with
things for four or five days, he
said. Then he went to Medford.
Ore., on a fishing trip.
A P-80 jet fighter at Muroc
Army Air Field in California and
six fast regular fighters at Port-
land, Ore., stood ready to take off
on an instant's notice should any
flying saucers be sighted in those
  areas. Some of the planes carried
photographic equipment.
First sighted on June 21 and
greeted generally with scornful
laughs, the objects, have been reported 
every day since by observers 
in thirty-three states. Airline
pilots said they had seen the discs,
larger than aircraft, flying in
"loose formation'’ at high speed.
A catious attitude marked both
official and scientific comments.

Part of an article in the New York Times (7 July 1947).


=========================================================================
5. ROSWELL

On the evening of 2 July 1947, several witnesses observed a fast-moving,
saucer-shaped object, heading north-west over the town of Roswell, New
Mexico. One of the witnesses, Dan Wilmot, decided to report it to the local
newspaper on 8 July - only minutes before the intelligence office at Roswell
Army Air Field issued a press release stating that they had come into
possession of a ‘flying disk’, making headline news on that day.1
Thus began the ‘Roswell Incident’, which has been the subject of
numerous books, articles, documentaries, and even a feature film starring
Martin Sheen. From the outset, Roswell has also been the subject of an
intensive counter-intelligence campaign, using every conceivable trick of
‘tradecraft’, by fair means or foul, such as threatening and discrediting
witnesses and fabricating counter-evidence. In addition to summarizing the
case here, I am including some important new information that has come
to light in recent years.
Approximately the same time as the Roswell sightings, an unusual
aerial vehicle crashed during a violent storm on the J.B. Foster Ranch,
south-east of Corona and about 75 miles north-west of Roswell. Early the
next morning, ranch manager William ‘Mac’ Brazel discovered a large
amount of unusual debris scattered over a wide area. A few days later he
drove into Roswell and alerted Sheriff George Wilcox, who in turn
contacted the Roswell Army Air Field, home of the elite 509th Bomb
Group, the world’s first atomic-bomb unit.
Major Jesse Marcel, the bomb group’s intelligence officer, together with
Captain Sheridan Cavett, a Counter Intelligence Corps officer, accompanied
Mac Brazel to the site, where a quantity of wreckage was discovered. Marcel
testified that he found an area measuring about three-quarters of a mile
long by 200 to 300 feet wide, strewn with a large amount of lightweight,
strong material. ‘I’d never seen anything like that, and I still don’t know
what it was,’ Marcel told journalist Bob Pratt in 1979. ‘I lit a cigarette
lighter to some of this stuff [as a test], and it didn’t burn.’ There were also
‘small, solid members that you could not bend or break, but it didn’t look
like metal. It looked more like wood. They varied in size ... None of them
were very long.’ The largest of these was about 3 feet long, but weightless.
‘You couldn’t even tell you had it in your hands - just like you handle
balsa wood.’ Marcel also described having seen unusual ‘hieroglyphics’ on
some of the pieces, as well as parchment-like material which, again, did not
burn.2
Dr Jesse Marcel Jr (Major Marcel’s son), who also handled some of the
wreckage, described ‘a thick, foil-like metallic gray substance; a brittle,
brownish-black plastic-like material, like Bakelite [and] fragments of what
appeared to be I-beams. On the inner surface of the I-beam, there appeared
to be a type of writing [of] a purple-violet hue [with] figures composed of
curved, geometric shapes .. .’3
The US Air Force has explained the materials as fragments from the
balloon trains used in Project Mogul, a top-secret effort to develop a means
for monitoring Soviet nuclear weapons, whose operations were conducted
from Alamogordo Army Air Field, New Mexico, in June and July 1947.
Indeed, in the foreword to the USAF’s second report on the Roswell case,
Air Force Historian Richard P. Hallion writes that Project Mogul ‘provides
the explanation for the “Roswell Incident.” ’4 Although balloons and their
accompanying instruments may account for some of the debris recovered,
they manifesdy do not explain the Roswell incident in its entirety.
Dr Jesse Marcel Jr is a former State Surgeon of Montana and served as
a colonel with the Montana Air National Guard, flying helicopters. He is
also a certified air-crash investigator. When I met him in 2004, I asked
about the Air Force explanation. ‘The foil that they brought in had a paper
backing,’ he said. ‘The material I saw did not. The symbols on the Mogul
pieces were stuck on with Scotch tape fixed to balsa wood. Again, that’s not
what we saw. Even though I was 12 years old, the memory is so fixed in
my mind. No-one has explained satisfactorily what I saw.’5
Jesse Marcel Sr described how later he tried unsuccessfully to bend
or dent a piece of extremely light and thin metal about 2 feet long and
a foot wide. ‘We even tried making a dent in it with a 16-lb sledge
hammer. And there was still no dent in it ... It was possible to flex this
stuff back and forth, even to wrinkle it, but you could not put a crease in
it that would stay ... I would almost have to describe it as a metal with
plastic properties.’6
The area near Corona was sealed off by the military, and a wide search
was initiated to recover the remaining debris. An official press statement
was released at Roswell Army Air Field, authorized by Colonel William H.
Blanchard, Commander of the 509th Bomb Group.
‘On July 8th, I got a call from Colonel Blanchard; he told me to report
to his office,’ Walter Haut, the base press officer in 1947, told me. ‘At that
time he gave me the basic facts that he wanted put into the news release
... that we had in our possession a flying saucer. A rancher had brought
parts of it in to the Sheriff s office, and the material was flown to Roger
Ramey, Commanding General of the Eighth Air Force at that time.’7
Major Marcel was ordered to load the debris on a B-29 (one of several
aircraft involved in transporting the materials from Roswell AAF) and fly it
to Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio. On arrival at an intermediate stop at Fort
Worth AAF, Texas, headquarters of the Eighth Air Force, Major General
Ramey took charge. He ordered Marcel and others on the plane not to talk
to reporters.
A second press release was issued to the effect that the wreckage was
nothing more than the remains of a weather balloon and its attached tinfoil
target - which were prominently displayed at the press conference. Meanwhile, 
the real wreckage arrived at Wright Field under armed guard; Marcel
returned to Roswell, and Brazel was held incommunicado by the military
for nearly a week while the crash site was stripped of every scrap of debris.8
Andy Kissner points out that Brazel ‘could never understand why the
Army Air Forces stated that he had found the wreckage two or three weeks
before he reported it, when in fact he had found it two days before
reporting it. The simple answer is that Colonel Turner, only seven days
before, had publicly said that two flying discs were seen about to crash by
White Sands Proving Ground personnel, and the White Sands Proving
Ground sent out search parties to find them.’9
Andy revealed to me that a friend of his who worked in the Navy for
the Atomic Energy Commission told him that in the mid to late sixties,
following a verbal briefing, he was taken on a field trip to the Manzano
nuclear-weapons repository at Kirtland Air Force Base, where he was shown
what was described to him as the ‘Roswell flying disc’. ‘He saw obvious exit
holes on the top which he said appeared to be from anti-aircraft shells.’10
A news leak via press wire from Albuquerque describing the recovery
of the ‘flying disc’ was interrupted, and the radio station in question, and
another one, were warned not to continue the broadcast: ‘attention
ALBUQUERQUE: CEASE TRANSMISSION. REPEAT. CEASE TRANSMISSION.
NATIONAL SECURITY ITEM. DO NOT TRANSMIT. STAND BY . .

SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL EVALUATION

Brigadier General Arthur E. Exon was assigned (in the rank of Lieutenant
Colonel) to Air Materiel Command HQ at Wright Field (later merged with
Patterson Field into Wright-Patterson Air Force Base), and became commander 
of the base in 1964. He has confirmed that the peculiar fragments
from New Mexico were secretly flown to Wright Field, and that laboratory
chiefs established a special unit to study them. Various tests were carried
out, including ‘chemical analysis, stress tests, compression tests, flexing/ he
said. ‘The metal and material was unknown to anyone I talked to. Whatever
they found, I never heard what the results were.’
Exon surmised that some remnants were still stored at Wright-Patter-
son AFB, most probably at the Foreign Technology Division (now the
National Air Intelligence Center).12
In the early 1990s, I had learned from a well-placed source that even
some recovered fabric was subjected to a process of analysis known as
‘reverse engineering’, in an endeavour to discover the composition of
unknown materials contained therein. This was confirmed for me some
years later by another source. And then, in 1995, came The Day After
Roswell by Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso, an intelligence officer who
served on President Dwight D. Eisenhower’s National Security Council staff
and who headed the Army staffs Research and Development Foreign
Technology desk at the Pentagon. He claimed that from 1961 to 1963 he
was steward of an Army project directed by Lieutenant General Arthur
Trudeau, which ‘seeded’ examples of alien technology at American companies 
such as IBM, Hughes Aircraft, Bell Labs and Dow Corning - without
their knowledge of where the technology originated. In his book, Corso
alleged that the materials - including devices - found aboard the Roswell
craft were precursors for today’s integrated circuit chips, fibre optics, lasers
and super-tenacity fibres.13
According to information supplied to science journalist Andreas von
Retyi by a qualified and credible source, the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration (NASA) is in possession of physical evidence relating
to Roswell. In 1974 ‘Dr Cris’ (pseudonym), a Polish biophysicist and
engineer contracted to NASA, was a member of an international team,
including British, French and Italian scientists, which was given some odd
metallic- and plastic-like material to analyse. The material reportedly
originated in the Soviet Union or another potentially hostile foreign power.
Precise details were not given to the team, Dr Cris told von Retyi, but the
team’s task over the ensuing months was to research this foreign material
to further NASA’s knowledge.
The outer part of the metallic material was very smooth and shiny,
whereas the areas where the material had fractured were matt. The team
was allowed to use only tiny samples taken from the separately tagged
material. Under analysis with an electron microscope, small pyramid
structures in the nanometre range (i.e. one thousand-millionth, or 10-9
metre), showing a kind of ‘super-reflectivity’, were revealed. The metallurgical 
experts found alloys that could only have been made in conditions of
weightlessness.
Because the materials appeared to have been made in the early 1950s
or even earlier, the scientists became suspicious of their origin. ‘The main
thing,’ explained Dr Cris, ‘is that these “foamed” metals - material like
Kevlar - had not existed at that time, and Kapton was unknown. The metal
foil had been produced in a similar way to today’s “glass-metal”; a
production procedure unknown at that time.’ The melting point of the
metals was above 2,000° C, and it remained unaffected by tests using
helium-neon and ruby lasers. Furthermore, the foil seemed to possess a
‘memory’, as do current memory-metals, but to a factor of 103 or better.14
In 1977, Dr Cris and his colleagues were shown even more interesting
materials by NASA, as described later in this chapter.

ALIEN BODIES

A confusing aspect of the Roswell incident is that, apart from Corona,
many witnesses claim that there were three crash sites, at two of which alien
bodies were recovered. Discrepancies between the various descriptions of
the bodies also compound the confusion.
General Exon recalled that when flying over the area a year or two
after the incident, he saw two distinct crash sites between Corona and
Roswell, which were ‘probably part of the same accident’. He believed
that one site consisted mostly of debris, while at the other was, ‘the main
body of the spacecraft ... where they did say there were bodies [and]
they were all found dead, apparently, outside the craft itself.. .’I5 Some
witnesses to the actual recovery operation, however, claim that there
were survivors. Among the various military personnel summoned from
Roswell AAF to a crash site was Technical Sergeant Ernest R. Robbins,
whose important story only surfaced in the late 1990s and remains little
known.
Robbins’s wife recalls the night in July 1947 when her husband received
a call to go to the base. She would not see or hear from him for eighteen
hours. ‘We had been to a dinner party at the NCO [non-commissioned
officers] club on the base, and didn’t get home until 10:30 or 11,’ Anne
Robbins told reporter Carlton Stowers in 2003. ‘We’d already gone to bed
but weren’t yet asleep when everything outside lit up like it was daylight. It
was like that for what seemed like several minutes, and we both assumed
it was probably helicopters from the base with searchlights on.’ Shortly
afterwards, a phone call came, ordering Sergeant Robbins to report to the
base.
‘I just assumed that there had been a plane crash somewhere nearby.
But I couldn’t figure why my husband, a sheet-metal man who repaired
planes, was called in.’
Sergeant Robbins did not return until the following evening, his
uniform wrinkled and damp. ‘I asked him what had happened to him, why
he was so wet, and he told me he’d had to go through the decontamination
tank at the base. I asked, “In your clothes?” and he said, “They were what I
was wearing when I was out there.” ’
Still assuming that her husband had been called to the site of a plane
crash, she questioned him further. ‘ “Well, I guess you might as well know;
it’s going to be in the papers,” he replied. “A [saucer] crashed outside of
Roswell.” I told him he was crazy. I don’t remember him being particularly
shocked or very emotional about it. In fact, he seemed cool as a cucumber.
He just made it clear to me that he wasn’t going to talk about it.’
The following morning Anne Robbins continued to press her husband
for details. Asked about the shape of the craft, he explained that it looked
like two saucers put together, on the top layers of which were oblongshaped 
windows all the way around. He said he had not looked inside.
‘I asked him if there was anybody on it. He said, “I can tell you this
much: there were three people. One was dead and two were still alive. I
can’t tell you anything more.”’ (Mrs Robbins says that of the two live
beings, one was near death and the other very much alive.)
Several days later, Sergeant Robbins finally agreed to drive his wife out
to what was probably the main crash site. (The area is not specified, but
some researchers believe it to be 15-20 miles closer to Roswell than
Corona.) By then, all the debris had been cleared away and there were no
signs of military personnel. ‘He didn’t say much of anything,’ said Anne
Robbins, ‘until we got to a place where there was this big burned spot, a
perfect circle so black that it was shiny. No normal fire could have made
something like that.’ It was as if the sand had been melted and turned into
a sheet of black glass. ‘This,’ said Robbins, ‘is where I was for eighteen
hours.’
On the drive home, Mrs Robbins asked what had become of the
spaceship and the people who were on it. ‘I can’t tell you that; don’t ask
me any more,’ he replied. It was many years before the matter was raised
again, this time by the couple’s son. Robbins repeated what he had told his
wife, but at the insistence of his son for more details, drew a sketch of one
of the beings, depicting a ‘pear-shaped head with large black eyes’. Their
skin ‘was brown and they had no nose, no mouth’.
The last time Ernest mentioned the incident was a few years before he
died in 2000. After a TV re-enactment of the Roswell case, Mrs Robbins
asked him if it was a hoax. ‘All he said was, “It’s the truth. It did land.”
“Well, if it did, where is it?” He again said he couldn’t tell me that.’16
A witness reported to have been on the scene of a crashed spacecraft
was Grady L. ‘Barney’ Barnett, a civil engineer with the US Soil Conservation 
Service on military assignment at the time, working from Magdalena
at the Plains of San Agustin, some 175 miles west-north-west of Roswell.
Barnett revealed his experience - which occurred on an unspecified date in
the summer of 1947 - to several people, including William Leed III and his
friends LaVeme and Jean Maltais (see affidavit, p. 90).
According to Alice Knight, a relative of Barnett’s wife, Barney told her
that the incident occurred ‘near Datil’, some 190 miles west-north-west of
Roswell,17 but research by leading investigator Stanton T. Friedman, a
retired nuclear physicist, places the location some 20 miles to the southwest, 
near Horse Springs. If the descriptions of the alien bodies by Barnett
and Ernest Robbins, for example, were accurately reported, and if both
witnesses were telling the truth, the hypothesis of two separate crash sites,
in addition to the debris field in Corona, remains tenable.
AT ROSWELL ARMY AIR FIELD
Ruben Anaya and his brother Pete worked as civilians at the Roswell base
during the time of the incident. In an interview with Tim Shawcross, a
British TV director and producer, Ruben described receiving a phone call
from Senator Joseph Montoya, Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico, whom
he knew, ordering a car to collect him at the base. ‘Many times Senator
Montoya used to come to Roswell,’ explained Pete, ‘and we went to pick
him up because we were the only ones who had the [security clearance] to
go in the base.’
‘You got to hurry up and bring Pete with you,’ said Montoya, sounding
very excited. On the way, Ruben picked up two more friends. ‘So I took
them over there to pick up Lieutenant Governor Montoya,’ Ruben related.
‘He was at the hangar, so the MPs [Military Police] just led us over there.
I didn’t park close to the hangar, I parked about half a block away and I
said, what the hell’s going on? And when they went over there I moved a
little closer and that’s when the hangar door was open, the Senator came
out and he said, “Let’s get the hell out of here!” and he was even praying
... I said, “What’s the problem?” and then the nurse came out running
[and] says, “I can’t believe it! I can’t believe one is moving!” So naturally I
wanted to see what was moving.
‘There were two bodies covered with a white sheet but they were too
small to be a man’s body ... and then one was uncovered, he was moving.
I said, what the hell’s going on? And I asked the nurse, “Who are they?”
She said, “They are not from this world” and that was it, you know. And
then [Montoya] got back in the car; he was so scared he sat between the
two guys in the back.’ Pete Anaya confirms most details reported by his
brother. ‘[Governor Montoya] said he’d seen two little men with the big
heads - one was alive,’ he told Shawcross. ‘He was so scared when he came
out but then they didn’t allow me or Ruben or nobody to go in there.
There were a lot of officers, MPs, but I didn’t like to get close to it. Then
the nurse came out ’cos I knew the nurse at the Officers’ Club and I went
to ask her if they’d let us go in. She said, “Pete, you don’t wanna see that”
and then I didn’t see her no more.’
Mrs Anaya remembered when her husband Pete returned home from
the base, together with his brother and the Senator (they were all on
friendly terms). ‘He came in pretty excited and told me that the Senator
was out here in the car and he wanted me to see him and talk to him ...
So I came out and the Senator was shaking and scared like and he told me,
“You know what? I have seen something I have never seen before”
According to Ruben, Montoya was in such a state that he drank about two-
thirds of a bottle of Jim Beam bourbon.18
Initial autopsies of the alien bodies were carried out at Roswell Army
Air Field. Glenn Dennis, a Roswell mortician for the Ballard Funeral Home,
contracted to provide mortuary services for the base, has provided compelling 
and consistent testimony regarding his involvement in the dramatic
events he was caught up in at the time (see pp. 91-3). The Air Force had
called Dennis, wanting to know how best to preserve, without embalming,
hypothetical dead bodies in the desert while being transported to the base.
‘Back in those days,’ said Dennis, ‘we didn’t have an air-conditioned hearse,
or a pathologist in Roswell. I told him I would go to Sunset Creamery or
Clardy’s Dairy [and] buy all the dry ice I could, and pack them in it.’19
It seems the Air Field immediately took up Dennis’s recommendation.
Telling new evidence has been provided for me by Rogene Cordes (nee
Corn), who lived in Roswell on the Hub Corn Ranch at the time. On 4 or
5 of July, she went to get some ice to pack the drinks in for a family picnic.
‘But there was no ice anywhere,’ she explained to me. ‘I often took blocks
of ice to our ranch for our big freezers, so I had a lot of sources. The
Clardy’s Dairy family lived across the street from my grandmother, but
they were closed for the holidays so I tried the train station. They informed
me that the Air Force base had cleaned them out. The story that I had
always heard was that Glenn had suggested dry ice to preserve bodies.’20
Further to the information in Dennis’s affidavit relating to the alien
autopsy, the nurse also told Dennis that the ‘suction cups’ on the four
fingers only became apparent when a severed hand was turned over with
long forceps. She also said that the eyes were very large, ‘and sunken so far
back in you couldn’t tell what they looked like. If the bodies had lain out
for sometime, their eyes probably ruptured, but she said the bone structure
showed they were large.’21
Many years later, Dennis made some sketches based on his recollection
of those given to him by the nurse (see plate section). Dennis once
‘revealed’ the name of the nurse to a researcher as ‘Naomi Maria Selff. I
asked him if this was indeed the real name. ‘I do not confirm nor do I deny
any information concerning the nurse and the Roswell UFO crash,’ he
replied.22 Later he said he had given out a false name to a researcher as a
test, to see if he would keep his mouth shut. The researcher failed the test.
The US Air Force, faced with mounting criticism that it had failed to
address the issue of alien bodies in its initial reports on the Roswell incident,
conducted another investigation, culminating in The Roswell Report: Case
Closed. No records could be found for a Naomi Maria Selff. No such person
had ever served at Roswell AAF Station Hospital, and a search through the
National Archives and Record Administration failed to find a record of
anyone by that name having ever served in any branch of the US Armed
Forces. Furthermore, records ‘did not indicate a sudden or overseas transfer
of a nurse or any other person.’23 But the investigation did yield some
pertinent information.
‘Even though the name of the nurse is incorrect,’ states the USAF
report, ‘it appears that a nurse assigned to the Roswell AAF Station Hospital
in 1947 may have been the basis for the claims. Eileen M. Fanton was the
only nurse of the five assigned to Roswell AAF in July 1947, whose personal
circumstances and physical attributes not only resembled those of the
missing nurse, but appeared to be nearly an exact match.’ The report goes
on to list the similarities, based on information provided by Glenn Dennis
to Stanton T. Friedman and Karl T. Pflock:
1st Lt. Eileen M. Fanton was assigned to the Roswell Army Air Field
Station Hospital from December 26, 1946 until September 4, 1947 ...
In [Pflock’s] account, the missing nurse is described as single, ‘real
cute, like a small Audrey Hepburn, with short black hair, dark eyes
and olive skin.’ Lieutenant Fanton was single in 1947, 5’ 1” tall,
weighed 100 pounds, had black hair, dark eyes, and was of Italian
descent...
[Dennis] also recalled that the ‘missing nurse’ was a lieutenant,
was a general nurse at the hospital, and had sent him some correspondence 
at a later date which stated she was in London, England
with a New York, NY APO number (military overseas mailing address)
as the return address. Records revealed that Fanton was a First
Lieutenant (promoted from Second Lieutenant in June 1947), and she
was classified as a ‘nurse, general duty’. Records also indicated that of
the five nurses assigned to the Roswell AAF Station Hospital in July
1947, she was the only one that later served a tour of duty in England.
Furthermore, she was assigned to the 7510th USAF Hospital, APO
240, New York, NY, where she served from June 1952 until April 1955.
The 7510th USAF Hospital ... 45 miles north of London at Wimpole
Park, Cambridge.
An additional similarity between Fanton and the ‘missing nurse’ is
that her personnel record indicated that she quickly departed Roswell
AAF and it is probable that the hospital staff would not have provided
information concerning her departure. Fanton’s unannounced departure 
from Roswell AAF, on September 4, 1947 was to be admitted to
Brooke General Hospital, Ft. Sam, Houston, Texas, for a medical
condition ...
‘Therefore,’ concludes the Air Force report, ‘if someone other than a
family member contacted the Station Hospital at Roswell AAF and inquired
about Fanton, as Dennis stated he did, the staff was simply protecting her
privacy as a patient. The staff was not participating in a sinister “cover-up”
of information as alleged by UFO theorists.’24 Though the Air Force report
states that Fanton was the nurse who ‘may have been the basis for the
claims’, I find Glenn Dennis’s claims more credible than those of the US
Air Force, given its long history of provable deception and egregious public
‘perception management’ regarding the UFO problem.

AT FORT RILEY

Earlier I cited testimony from Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso relating
to the US Army Intelligence project to ‘seed’ alien materials recovered near
Roswell into American companies. Corso also claimed to have seen alien
bodies at Fort Riley, Kansas, where he was serving as an intelligence officer
in the rank of major. The incident reportedly occurred on the evening of 6
July 1947.
Master Sergeant Bill Brown, who was supposed to be guarding the old
veterinary building - ‘off-limits’ that night - alerted Corso to something
unbelievable contained in a crate, one of many delivered that day from Fort
Bliss, Texas. While Brown stood guard outside, Corso went inside, and with
the aid of a flashlight soon located a crate that looked as though it had
previously been opened, and prized off the lid. What he saw sickened him.
Inside a thick glass container, floating submerged in a thick light blue
liquid, was what Corso initially took to be a dead child:
It was a four-foot human-shaped figure with arms, bizarre-looking
four-fingered hands - I didn’t see a thumb - thin legs and feet, and an
oversized incandescent lightbulb-shaped head ... I know I must have
cringed at first, but then I had the urge to pull off the top of the liquid
container and touch the pale gray skin. But I couldn’t tell whether it
was skin because it looked like a very thin one-piece head-to-toe fabric
covering the creature’s flesh.
Its eyeballs must have been rolled back in its head because I
couldn’t see any pupils or iris or anything that resembled a human
eye. But the eye sockets themselves were oversized and almond shaped
and pointed down to its tiny nose, which didn’t really protrude from
the skull. It was more like the tiny nose of a baby that neVer grew as
the child grew, and it was mosdy nostril.
s The creature’s skull was overgrown to the point where all its facial
features - such as they were - were arranged absolutely frontally,
occupying a small circle on the lower part of the head. The protruding
ears of a human were nonexistent, its cheeks had no definition, and
there were no eyebrows or any indications of facial hair. The creature
had only a tiny slit for a mouth and it was completely closed,
resembling more of a crease or indentation between the nose and the
bottom of the chinless skull than a fully functioning orifice ... I could
see no damage to the creature’s body and no indication that it had
been involved in any accident. There was no blood, its limbs seemed
intact, and I could find no lacerations on the skin or through the gray
fabric.
I looked through the crate encasing the container of liquid for any
paperwork or shipping invoice or anything that would describe the
nature or origin of this thing. What I found was an intriguing Army
Intelligence document describing the creature as an inhabitant of a
craft that had crash-landed in Roswell, New Mexico, earlier that week
and a routing manifest for this creature to the log-in officer at the Air
Materiel Command at Wright Field and from him to the Walter Reed
Army Hospital morgue’s pathology section where, I supposed, the
creature would be autopsied and stored .. .25
In his book Roswell, Karl T. Pflock, a former Deputy Assistant Secretary
of Defense and CIA officer, is totally disparaging in his assessment of
Corso’s claims. ‘As I read The Day After Roswell, I did not know whether
to laugh or to cry,’ he writes. ‘Corso provided absolutely nothing to back
up his claims about crashed saucers and alien technologies.’26 Corso may
not have provided any physical evidence to support his claims, but his
testimony is nonetheless compelling. However, I do agree with Pflock that
there are errors in the book (some compounded by co-writer William J.
Birnes, on his own admission). Furthermore, Corso told a friend of mine
that he much regretted not properly checking the manuscript before
publication. Of crucial importance, for example, was the fact that the Army
Foreign Technology office waited until American companies were beginning
to make inroads on the relevant technologies before handing over the alien
materials.
Corso was held in high regard by those who knew him. ‘The colonel
had a great deal of credibility and expertise, not only as a military officer
but also in the fields of intelligence and national security,’ wrote Senator
Strom Thurmond in his foreword to Corso’s book. ‘A veteran of World
War II and Korea, Corso also spent four years working at the National
Security Council. In short, he was very familiar with issues that concerned
me and my colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and he
very quickly became a valued source of bountiful information that was
insightful and, most important, accurate.’27
It is also important to point out here that Corso’s military records for
that period (see p. 94) show that from February 1954 to June 1956 he
served on the Intelligence Staff of the National Security Council’s Operations 
Coordinating Board, later known as ‘Special Group 5412’, then
‘Special Group 5412/2’. This was the group that, under various names
(starting with the Psychological Operations Group during the late 1940s)
and across several presidential administrations, planned, coordinated,
approved and evaluated the most sensitive covert, paramilitary and clandestine 
operations ever mounted by the United States - including, I assume,
those relating to the alien problem. Thus, during the mid-fifties, there was
little or nothing in the way of US covert operations to which Corso might
not have been exposed.

TESTIMONY OF A BIOPHYSICIST

Earlier I cited the testimony of the Polish biophysicist and engineer ‘Dr
Cris’, who in 1974, with a small team of scientists on contract to NASA,
analysed some extraordinary materials. In April 1977, the team met again
at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) at the California Institute of
Technology in Pasadena, California, when a certain NASA physicist held a
semi-official party to celebrate his voluntary departure from the agency. At
this party, the official informed his guests that they might be interested in
seeing some special ‘equipment’, and after expressing some concerns as to
whether or not he should do so, led them to a restricted area in one of the
buildings on the JPL facility. There, three floors below ground level, the
five scientists entered a secure room, protected by a heavy door with two
seals. About 8-10 metres in length and over 4 metres wide, the room
seemed to serve principally to exhibit certain items.
‘The first thing we saw was two small, shiny Plexiglas containers,’ Dr
Cris related to science writer Andreas von Retyi. ‘In one of the two was a
hip bone, a bit broken at the bottom. It looked like a child’s hip bone, but
the form was different.’ The structure, shape and colour were somewhat
different - that is, the bone was not typical yellowish-white but light
greyish-white, the cavity for the bone marrow was smaller, and the
structures where the muscles would have been attached were formed
differently, reported Dr Cris.
In the second container we saw the fragment of a skull; maybe one-
third or forty percent of it. The segment included the eye socket and
part of the right half of the skull. This head was about as big as that of
an elderly child. It looked human-like, but derived neither from a
child nor from an ape. The colour was different from that of the hip
bone - it appeared lighter. I don’t know if some parts of the bone had
been damaged by fire; in any case, the colour was not the same ...
part of the skull protecting the brain was much thinner than a human’s
skull. There was even a short, small explanation: From the first and
second incidents in New Mexico. We took our American friend aside
and asked him what this meant. ‘That’s highly secret,’ he replied. ‘We
are not really allowed to talk about that.’
In addition to these exhibits, three of the scientists were surprised to
recognize the materials from which they had analysed samples in 1974.
‘These objects were about half a year in our laboratory,’ said Dr Cris. ‘The
material was probably presented to us to test us; to what extent we would
agree, or even find out new things about it. These samples [evidently] had
been investigated umpteen times by several teams of scientists in order to
gain further insight.’ Dr Cris learned later that in 1947 ‘there had been
altogether at least two spaceships, with at least three crew, that crashed’.
It was reported that one member of the second crew had survived. I
don’t know anything specific about his fate. The first three beings were
totally charred, whereas the other two corpses were mostly preserved;
for example, the skull, skin and bones. There were also parts of
clothing found. As I learned from biologists, their blood is similar to
ours [but] shows a totally different reaction toward oxygen; so inside
the spaceship they must breathe a mixture of helium and oxygen, since
nitrogen, for whatever reasons, is really not good for them.
Andreas von Retyi attests to the credibility of the biophysicist. ‘In
lengthy personal conversations with Dr Cris, I have been able to convince
myself of his great knowledge and insights,’ he assured me. ‘Besides, he is
unquestionably in a position where he doesn’t need to draw attention to
himself by making up such a story.’28
Dr Cris’s comments on the ‘totally different reaction toward oxygen’
are reportedly endorsed by none other than General George C. Marshall,
US Army Chief of Staff in the Second World War and Secretary of State
from 1947 to 1949. In 1951 Dr Rolf Alexander (whose fields included
biochemistry) spoke to General Marshall, following sightings of UFOs at
Mexico City Airport as newsmen awaited the arrival of the great general
(Chapter 11). Marshall revealed not only that alien craft and their occupants
had been recovered, but also that contact with the men in the craft had
been established. On three occasions, he said, there had been landings that
had proved disastrous for the occupants. On each of these occasions,
‘breathing the heavily oxygenated atmosphere of this Earth had literally
incinerated the visitors from within and had burned them to a crisp.’29

TESTIMONY OF DR WERNHER VON BRAUN

Clark C. McClelland is a retired aerospace engineer who worked for more
than three decades on numerous projects at NASA’s launch facilities at the
Cape Canaveral/Kennedy Space Center. On many occasions he spoke to
scientists assigned to the Army Ballistics Missile Agency, in particular Dr
Wernher von Braun, who from 1945 to 1950 was adviser to the US Army’s
V-2 test firings at the White Sands Proving Grounds in New Mexico.
During a break one evening at a meeting of the Manned Flight Awareness
programme near the Cape, McClelland asked Dr von Braun if he knew
anything about the Roswell incident, knowing that he had been employed
at White Sands at the time. Von Braun raised an eyebrow, lit a cigarette,
and revealed the following:
Dr von Braun explained how he and [certain of] his associates had
been taken to the crash site after most of the military were pulled
back. They did a quick analysis of what they found. He told me the
craft did not appear to be made of metal as we know metal on Earth.
He said it seemed to be created from something biological, like skin. I
was lost as to what he indicated, other than thinking perhaps the craft
was ‘alive’.
The recovered bodies were temporarily being kept in a nearby
medical tent. They were small, very frail and had large heads. Their
eyes were large. Their skin was greyish and reptilian in texture. He
said it looked similar to the skin texture of rattlesnakes he’d seen
several times at White Sands. His inspection of the debris had even
him puzzled: very thin, aluminum coloured, like silvery chewing-gum
wrappers. Very light and extremely strong. The interior of the craft
was nearly bare of equipment, as if the creatures and craft were part
of a single unit.
He trusted me to hear such astonishing events because I vowed not to
report it,’ McClelland explains. ‘I never broke that vow. Since he is
deceased, and the incident happened over fifty years ago, I am now
disclosing what I heard.’30
Clark McLelland seems to have a good professional reputation, at least,
though some researchers doubt his reliability. However, evidence for von
Braun’s probable involvement in the Roswell recovery has been provided
by a scientist, Dr Robert I. Sarbacher (see p. 133).

Fred Whiting, who served on Capitol Hill from 1977 to 1983 as a press
secretary and special assistant to two congressmen, has provided a timeline
of events relating to Roswell, from July to September 1947, from which I
cite the following from the month of July (my comments in brackets):

July 7	13:55	- Gen. Curtis LeMay [Deputy Chief of the Air Staff for
Research and Development] and Gen. Hoyt S. Vandenberg [Deputy 
Commander-in-Chief of the Air Staff] meet at the Pentagon
‘re: flying discs’.
July 8 Gen. Nathan F. Twining, Commander, USAAF Air Materiel Command, 
makes an unannounced visit to Kirtland Army Air Field,
near Albuquerque. Referring to press accounts about ‘flying discs’,
Twining says ‘the mysterious objects are definitely not the result
of experiments by the air forces’.
July 9	10:30	- President Truman meets with Senator Carl Hatch of New
Mexico.
10:35 - Lt. Gen. James Doolittle [who had been at the forefront of
investigations into the ‘ghost rockets’] and deputy Army Air Forces
chief Gen. Hoyt Vandenberg [involved in the same investigations]
meet with Stuart Symington, Secretary of War for Air.
11.58 - Vandenberg calls the President’s office.
12:50 - Vandenberg and Symington meet with Joint Chiefs.
14:30 - Vandenberg and Symington meet again.
Army Air Forces intelligence [requirements] chief Brig. Gen.
George Schulgen requests FBI cooperation in solving the flying-
disc problem.
The War Department tells the FBI that the discs do not belong to
the Army or Navy.
July 10 Aborted V-2 launch at White Sands. Gen. Twining stops at White
Sands before returning to Wright Field.
10:30 - Maj. Gen. Leslie Groves, head of the Armed Forces Special
Weapons Project, and Gen. Robert Montague, commander of the
Army Guided Missile School, meet with Vandenberg and LeMay.
12:15 - Doolittle and Vandenberg meet with President Truman.
14:40 - Secretary of War Robert Patterson meets with Groves and
Montague.
An FBI memo dated July 10 reveals that Army Air Forces intelligence 
had asked the FBI for their cooperation in collecting
flying-disc data.31

CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY

In March 1993, in response to constituent information requests, US
Congressman Steven Schiff (First Congressional District, New Mexico)
initiated inquiries into the Roswell incident. Schiff had a background in
law, and had served as a pilot with the rank of lieutenant colonel in the
New Mexico Air National Guard. He began the inquiries with a letter to
Defense Secretary Les Aspin, requesting a written report and a full briefing
by Pentagon officials on the nature of the Roswell debris and an explanation
for the government’s actions. There was no response.
A second request resulted in a reply from the Defense Department’s
Congressional liaison office, referring Schiff to the National Archives, on
the grounds that all Air Force records from Project Blue Book were stored
there. However, no files on Roswell could be found in Blue Book records.
‘I thought that the response I got was not routine - to be just referred
to another agency without even an offer of assistance,’ said Schiff during
an interview with Lawrence Moore and myself for a British documentary
in 1994. ‘That simple bit of courtesy is something frankly I would have
expected from a government agency.’32
In October 1993 Schiff took up the matter with the Comptroller General,
Charles Bowsher, head of the General Accounting Office (GAO), the investigative 
arm of Congress. Within a few days, Schiff s office received a call
from the GAO investigator (a specialist in military and intelligence matters)
who had been assigned to the case. Difficulties ensued at the outset. Colonel
Larry Shockley, Director of Plans and Operations in the Secretary of
Defense’s Congressional liaison office, warned the GAO investigator, ‘You’ve
got no business getting into that.’33
In May 1994 I received an official request from Congressman Schiff,
whom I had met earlier that year in his Congressional office, to assist him
with his inquiry.34 (See p. 98.) In September 1994 - to pre-empt the GAO’s
findings, made available to Schiff s office in July 1995 - the Air Force issued
a twenty-three-page Report of Air Force Research Regarding the ‘
Incident’. The report concluded that a Project Mogul balloon array and
instrument package were most probably responsible for the ‘tales’ of a
crashed flying saucer. This report was later incorporated into The Roswell
Report: Fact versus Fiction in the New Mexico Desert (referenced earlier).
It needs to be mentioned here that although the former report was
issued by the USAF’s Public Affairs Media Relations Division, its author
was Colonel Richard L. Weaver, Director, Security and Special Program
Oversight, of the Office of Special Investigations - an agency whose work
involves counter-intelligence operations and deception, including ‘perception 
management’, and which has a long record of deep involvement in the
UFO problem.
In late July 1995 the GAO delivered its report to Congressman Steve
SchifFs office. The press release from that office, encapsulating the GAO’s
findings, appears on p. 97. Sadly, Steven Schiff died in office in the spring
of 1998, after a sudden and virulent bout of skin cancer.
‘When critically examined,’ the Air Force’s final report in 1997 concluded, 
‘the claims that the US Army Air Forces recovered a flying saucer
and alien crew in 1947, were found to be a compilation of many verifiable
events. For the most part, the descriptions collected by UFO theorists were
of actual operations and tests carried out by the US Air Force in the 1950s.’35
The ‘aliens’, the report explains, were either injured airmen involved in
crashes, or anthropomorphic dummy-drop tests, part of an Air Force
project to find a way of parachuting pilots safely from high altitudes. The
dummy drops, however, began in 1953 - six years after the Roswell
incident. Interestingly, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond A. Madson, project
officer for the tests from 1956 to 1960, states that during his tour of duty
at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base he heard rumours that there was ‘a very
secure building’ where alien bodies were kept. ‘I didn’t pay a lot of
attention,’ he said, ‘because the climate at that time was you didn’t ask
questions.’36
No cover-up? Obviously there was. And for very sound reasons.
‘You have to understand what was happening in this country at the
time, things that had never happened before in the history of man,’
explained Brigadier General Thomas J. DuBose in the final interview he
gave on the Roswell affair. ‘We had just gone through a world war. We had
seen the firebombing of great cities, atomic bombs, destruction on an
unprecedented scale. Then came this flying saucer business. It was just too
much for the public to have to deal with .. ,’37

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. ‘RAAF Captures Flying Saucer on Ranch in Roswell Region’, Roswell Daily Record,
8 July 1947.
2. Interview with Jesse A. Marcel Sr by Bob Pratt, 8 December 1979, published in
Roswell in Perspective, by Karl T. Pflock, The Fund for UFO Research, PO Box
277, Mount Rainier, Maryland 20712, 1994, pp. 119-26.
3. Affidavit by Jesse A. Marcel MD, 6 May 1991, 77 Roswell	compiled	by
Fred Whiting, The Fund for UFO Research, 1993, reproduced in both books by
Pflock.
4. The Roswell Report: Fact versus Fiction in the New Mexico	Headquarters
United States Air Force, US Government Printing Office, 1995.
5. Personal interview, Helena, Montana, 10 May 2004.
6. Berlitz, Charles and Moore, William, The Roswell Incident, Granada, London,
1980, pp. 68-9.
7. Personal interview, Roswell, 1 June 1993.
8. Moore, William L., Crashed UFOs: Evidence in the Search for Proof, William L.
Moore Publications and Research, 4219 W. Olive Street, Suite 247, Burbank,
California 91505, 1985, p. 46.
9. Kissner, J. Andrew, Peculiar Phenomenon: Early United States Efforts to Collect and
Analyze Flying Discs.
10. Interview, Phoenix, 25 September 2005.
11. Moore, op. cit.
12. Randle, Kevin D. and Schmitt, Donald R., UFO Crash at Roswell, Avon Books,
New York, 1991, pp. 108-11.
13. Corso, Col. Philip J. with Birnes, William J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket Books,
New York, 1997.
14. Von Retyi, Andreas, Das Alien Imperium: UFO-Geheimnisse der USA, Langen
Muller, Munich, 1995. Extracts translated by Dorothee Walter.
15. Randle, Kevin and Schmitt, Donald, The Truth About the UFO Crash at Roswell,
M. Evans and Company, New York, 1994, pp. 62-3.
16. Stowers, Carlton, ‘Contact: A half century later, witnesses insist little green - or
maybe brown - men crashed in New Mexico’, Dallas Observer, 3 April 2003.
17. Affidavit by Alice Knight, 9 July 1991, The Roswell Events.
18. Shawcross, Tim, The Roswell File, Bloomsbury, London, 1997, pp. 41-5.
19. Dennis, Glenn, ‘The Roswell Mortician’ (ed. William J. Birnes), UFO Magazine,
PO Box 4252, Sunland, CA 91041-4252, Vol. 13, No. 8, December 1998, p. 36.
20. Personal interview, Charleston, South Carolina, 30 October 2004, and letter, 26
August 2005.
21. Dennis, op. cit., p. 39.
22. Fax, 11 June 1996.
23. McAndrew, Captain James, The Roswell Report: Case Closed, Headquarters United
States Air Force, Washington, DC, US Government Printing Office, 1997, p. 81.
24. Ibid., pp. 82-3.
25. Corso and Birnes, op. cit., pp. 30-3.
26. Pflock, Karl T., Roswell: Inconvenient Facts and the Will to Believe, Prometheus
Books, Amherst, New York, 2001, p. 204.
27. Corso, op. cit., p. x. (Senator Thurmond’s foreword was removed from the
second edition of the book.)
28. Von R6tyi, op. cit., and letters, August/September 1995.
29. Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 2, No. 1, 1956, p. 2.
30. www.stargate-chronicles.com
31. Whiting, Fred, The Roswell Events, The Fund for UFO Research, PO Box 277,
Mount Rainier, MD 20712, pp. 9-14.
32. Network First: UFO, Central Productions for Central Television, 10 January 1995.
33. Fred Whiting, interviewed on Network First: UFO.
34. Letter, 24 May 1994.
35. McAndrew, op. cit., p. 123.
36. Choate, Trish, ‘Alien report debunked by retired Cibola County Army officer’,
Independent, Gallup, NM, 3 July 1997.
37. Cox, op. cit.

Additional books on the Roswell incident include Crash at Corona by Stanton T.
Friedman and Don Berliner (Paragon House, New York, 1992) and Beyond Roswell by
Michael Hesemann and Philip Mantle (Michael O’Mara, London, 1997).

No Details of
Flying Disk
Are Revealed
Roswell Hardware
Man and Wife
Report Disk Seen
The intelligence office of the
506th Bombardment group at Roswell 
Army Air Field announced at
noon today, that the field has
come into possession of a flying
saucer.
According 10 information released 
by the department, over
authority of Maj. J. A. Marcel,
intelligence officer, the disk was
recovered on a ranch in the Roswell 
vicinity, after-an unidentified
rancher had notified Sheriff Gen.
Wilcox, here, that he had found
the instrument on his premises.
Major Marcel and a detail from
his department went to the ranch
and recovered the disk, it was
stated.
After, the Intelligence office here
had inspected the instrument it
was flown to "higher headquarters.
"
The intelligence office stated
that no details of the saucer's
construction or its appearance had
been revealed.
Part of the lead story in the Roswell Daily Record (8 July 1947). By the following day
the US Army Air Forces had announced that the wreckage was not that of a flying
saucer, but of a weather balloon.
A map from The Roswell Report: Case Closed (Headquarters US Air Force, 1997)
depicting the various sites relating to the Roswell incident. (US Air Force)


AFFIDAVIT
(1)	My	 name Thomas Jefferson	DuBose.
(2)	My	address is:(3)	I	retired from	the U.S. Air	Force	in 1959	with	 the	rank	of	 Brigadier
General.
(4) In July 1947, I was stationed at Fort Worth Army Air Field [later
Carswell Air Force Base) in Fort Worth, Texas. I served as Chief of Staff to
Major General Roger Raney, Commander, Eighth Air Force. I had the rank of
Colonel.
 (5)	In	early July,	I received a	phone	call	 from Maj. Gen.	Clements 	McMullen,
Deputy Commander, Strategic Ais Command. He asked what we knew about the
object which had been recovered outside Roswell, New Mexico, as reported by
the press. I called Col. William Blanchard, Commander of the Roswell Army Air
Field and directed him to send the material in a sealed container to me at
Fort Worth. I so informed Gen. McMullen.
(6) After the plane from Roswell arrived with the material, I asked the Base
Commander, Col. Al Clark, to take possession of the material and to personally
transport it in a B-26 to Gen. McMullen in Washington, D.C. I notified Gen.
McMullen, and he told me he would send the material by personal courier on his
plane to Benjamin Chidlaw, Commanding General of the Air Materiel Command at
Wright Field [later Wright Patterson AFB). The entire operation was conducted
under the strictest secrecy.
(7) The material shown in the photographs taken in Gen. Ramey's office was a
weather balloon. The weather balloon explanation for the material was a cover
story to divert the attention of the press.
(8) I have not been paid or given anything of value to make this statement,
which is the truth to the best of my recollection.
Affidavit by Brigadier General Thomas J. DuBose confirming that ‘the weather balloon
explanation for the material was a cover story to divert the attention of the press’.
(The Fund for UFO Research, Inc.)
Signature witnessed by:


AFFIDAVIT
(1) My name is L. W. Maltais.
(3) I am retired.
(4) I met Grady L. "Barney" Barnett in 1943 when I was serving in the U.S.
Army, and he was employed by the state of New Mexico as a civil engineer. We
had a father-son relationship.
(5) Around 1950, Mr. Barnett told me that several years before, during a
field trip in New Mexico, he discovered a crashed disc-shaped craft with the
bodies of strange beings on the ground. He was absolutely convinced that the
craft was from outer space.
(6) The	beings	he described were	similar-- but	not	identical--to	humans. They
were 3 1/2 to 4 	feet tall; slim and hairless, with large pear-shaped	heads.
They had four fingers on each hand. They were dressed in tight-fitting,
metallic	suits.	All of them were	dead.
(7) Mr.	 Barnett said that at the	same time as	his	discovery, he	was	joined	 by
four or five people on an archeology dig.
(8) Shortly afterward, military personnel arrived and escorted them from the
area. They told him to keep quiet about the incident, that it was in the
national interest for them to get out of there.
(9) Mr. Barnett was a man of great personal integrity who would never tell a
lie.
(10) I have not been paid or given anything of value to make this statement.
It is the truth to the best of my recollection.
Signature witnessed by:
Name Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd day of April, 1991.
Affidavit by LaVerne Maltais. (The Fund for UFO Research, Inc.)
(2) My address is:


AFFIDAVIT
(1)	My name is Glenn Dennis.
(2) My address is:
(3)	I am ( ) employed as:
( ) retired.
(4) In July 1947, I was a mortician, working for the Ballard Funeral Home in
Roswell, which had a contract to provide mortuary services for the Roswell
Army Air Field. One afternoon, around 1:15 or 1:30, I received a call from
the base mortuary officer who asked what was the smallest size hermetically
sealed casket that we had in stock. He said, "We need to know this in case
something comes up in the future.” He asked how long it would take to get
one, and I assured him I could get one for him the following day. He said he
would call back if they needed one.
(5) About 45 minutes to an hour later, he called back and asked me to
describe the preparation for bodies that had been lying out on the desert for
a period of time. Before I could answer, he said he specifically wanted to
know what effect the preparation procedures would have on the body's chemical
compounds, blood and tissues. I explained that our chemicals were mainly
strong solutions of formaldehyde and water, and that the procedure would
probably alter the body's chemical composition. I offered to come out to the
base to assist with any problem he might have, but he reiterated that the
information was for future use. I suggested that if he had such a situation
that I would try to freeze the body in dry ice for storage and transportation.
(6) Approximately a hour or an hour and 15 minutes later, I got a call to
transport a serviceman who had a laceration on his head and perhaps a
fractured nose. I gave him first aid and drove him out to the base. I got
there around 5:00 PM.
(7) Although I was a civilian, I usually had free access on the base because
they knew me. I drove the ambulance around to the back of the base infirmary
and parked it next to another ambulance. The door was open and inside I saw
some wreckage. There were several pieces which looked like the bottom of a
canoe, about three feet in length. It resembled stainless steel with a purple
hue, as if it had been exposed to high temperature. There was some strange-
looking writing on the material resembling Egyptian hieroglyphics. Also,
there were two MPs present.
(8) I checked the airman in	and	went	to the staff	lounge to have	a Coke.	Iintended to look for a nurse, a 2nd Lieutenant, who had been commissioned
about three months earlier right out of college. She was 23 years of age at
the time (I was 22). I saw her coming out of one of the examining rooms with
a cloth over her mouth. She said, "Hy gosh, get out of here or you're going
to be in a lot of trouble." She went	into	another	 door where a Captain	 stood.
He asked me who I was and what I	was doing	here. I told him,	and	he
instructed me to stay there. I said, "It looks like you've got a crash; would
you like me to get ready?” He told me to stay right there. Then two MPs came
up and began to escort me out of the infirmary. They said they had orders to
follow me out to the funeral home.
Affidavit by Glenn Dennis.	(The Fund for UFO Research, Inc.)
(9) We got about 10 or 15 feet when I heard a voice say, "We're not through
with that SOB. Bring him back." There was another Captain, a redhead with
the meanest-looking eyes I had ever seen, who said, "You did not see anything,
there was no crash here, and if you say anything you could get into a lot of
trouble." I said, "Hey look sister, I'm a civilian and you can't do a damn
thing to me." He said, "Yes we can; somebody will be picking your bones out
of the sand." There was a black Sergeant with a pad in his hand who said, "He
would make good dog food for our dogs." The Captain said, "Get the SOB out."
The MPs followed me back to the funeral home.
(10) The next day, I tried to call the nurse to see what was going on. About
11:00 AM, she called the funeral home and said, "I need to talk to you." We
agreed to meet at the officers club. She was very upset. She said, "Before I
talk to you, you have to give me a sacred oath that you will never mention my
name, because I could get into a lot of trouble." I agreed.
(11) She said she had gone to get supplies in a room where two doctors were
performing a preliminary autopsy. The doctors said they needed her to take
notes during the procedure. She said she had never smelled anything so
horrible in her life, and the sight was the most gruesome she had ever seen.
She said, "This was something no one has ever seen." As she spoke, I was
concerned that she might go into shock.
(12) She drew me a diagram of the bodies, including an arm with a hand that
had only four fingers; the doctors noted that on the end of the fingers were
little pads resembling suction cups. She said the head was disproportionately
large for the body; the eyes were deeply set; the skulls were flexible; the
nose was concave with only two orifices; the mouth was a fine slit, and the
doctors said there was heavy cartilage instead of teeth. The ears were only
small orifices with flaps. They had no hair, and the skin was black--perhaps
due to exposure in the sun. She gave me the drawings.
(13) There were three bodies; two were very mangled and dismembered, as if
destroyed by predators; one was fairly intact. They were three-and-a-half to
four feet tall. She told me the doctors said: "This isn't anything we've ever
seen before; there's nothing in the medical textbooks like this." She said
she and the doctors became ill. They had to turn off the air conditioning and
were afraid the smell would go through the hospital. They had to move the
operation to an airplane hangar.
(14) I drove her back to the officers' barracks. The next day I called the
hospital to see how she was, and they said she wasn't available. I tried to
get her for several days, and finally got one of the nurses who said the
Lieutenant had been transferred out with some other personnel. About 10 days
to two weeks later, I got a letter from her with an APO number. She indicated
we could discuss the incident by letter in the future. I wrote back to her
and about two weeks later the letter came back marked "Return To Sender--
DECEASED." Later, one of the nurses at the base said the rumor was that she
and five other nurses had been on a training mission and had been killed in a
plane crash.
(15) Sheriff George Wilcox and my father were very close friends. The
Sheriff went to my folks' house the morning after the events at the base and
said to my father, "I don't know what kind of trouble Glenn's in, but you tell
your son that he doesn' know anything and hasn't seen anything at the base."
He added, "They want you and your wife's name, and they want your and your
children's addresses." My father immediately drove to the funeral home and
asked me what kind of trouble I was in. He related the conversation with
Sheriff Wilcox, and so I told him about the events of the previous day. He is
the only person to whom I have told this story until recently.
(16) I had filed away the sketches the nurse gave me that day. Recently, at
the request of a researcher, I tried to locate my personal files at the
funeral home, but they had all been destroyed.
(17) I have not been paid or given anything of value to make this statement,
which is the truth to the best of my recollection.
(Date)


Military records showing that from February 1954 to June 1956, Lt. Col. Philip J.
Corso served on the Intelligence Staff of the National Security Council’s Operations
Coordination Board, later known as the ‘Special Group 5412’, then ‘Special Group
5412/2’, which planned, coordinated, approved and evaluated the most sensitive
covert, paramilitary and clandestine operations ever mounted by the United States.
(US Army Archives)


CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE GROUP
21 30 E Street, N.W.Washington 25, D.C.
19 SEP 1947
MEMORANDUM FOR THE MILITARY ASSESSMENT OF THE JOINT INTELLIGENCE  COMMITTEE
SUBJECT:  Examination of Unidentified Disc-like Aircraft  near Military Installations in the State of New Mexcico:  
A Preliminary report.
1. Pursuant to the recent world events and domestic security problems within Atomic Energy  Commission, the intelligence reports of so-called "Flying Saucers" and  the intrusions of unknown aircraft over the most secret defense installations, a classified intelligence project is warranted. The National Security Act of 1947 established a Central Intelligence Agency under the National Security Council. When the Director of Central Intelligence assumes his official  responsibilities, the National Intelligence Authority is abolished, the files pertaining to unidentified aircraft sightings, intelligence personnel and funds of the Central Intelligence Group will be transfered to the Agency.
2. The recovery of unidentified platform aircraft in the state of New Mexico on 6 July 1947, ten miles northwest of Oscura peak, and a debris field 75 miles northwest of the Army's 509th Atomic Bomb Group, Roswel Army Air Field, is confirmed. A subsequent capture of another similar craft 30 miles north of the Army's Alamogordo Army Air Field on 5 July 1947, has convinced the Army Air Forces S-Z, Army Q-2 and Navy CMI, that the craft and wreckage are not of US manufacture.
3. Until a clear directive from the President is issued, there can be no co-ordinated scientific examination of the objects in question. Currently, the core material is being secured at the Naval Research Laboratory hangar factlities at the White Sands Proving Ground, the Sandia Base facilities (Armed Forces Special Weapons Project), Alamogordo AAF and the Aero Medical Research facilities at Randolph Field, Texas.
4. The research scientists at the Air Forces Research and Development Center, Wright Field, are utilizing their test facilities and a new biological laboratory in an on-going study program. The officers of the JROB, FBI and the State Department are assisting the Joint Intelligence Committee in acquiring any intelligence from MI5 and MI6 on possible Soviet long-range reconnaissance aircraft/missile research and development tests.R. H. HILLENKOETTERRear  Admiral, USNDirector of Central Intelligence 
An unauthenticated Top Secret/Eyes Only memorandum from Rear Admiral Roscoe
Hillenkooetter, Director of Central Intelligence, relating to unidentified discs recovered
by the military in New Mexico in July 1947. The handwritten note seems to read ‘Joint
Chiefs concern’. (Timothy Cooper)

Sketches by a Polish biophysicist of the skeletal remains of an alien recovered from
‘one of the two incidents in New Mexico’. Dr Cris examined these, and other materials
which he had previously examined in 1974, together with a small international team of
scientists, at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), Pasadena, California, in April 1977.
(Andreas von Retyi)

Washington Office: 2404 Rayburn BuUding • Washington. D.C. 20515 • (202)225-6316 • fax (202) 225-4975
District Office: 625 Silver Ave., S.W.. Suite 140 • Albuquerque. NM 87102 • (505)766-2538 • fax (505) 766-1674
Immediate Release	J. Barry Bitzer
July 20th, 1995	(202) 225-2245
Schiff Receives, Releases Roswell Report
(missing documents leave unanswered questions)
Washington Congressman Steve Schiff today released the General
Accounting Office (GAO) report detailing results of a records
audit related to events surrounding a crash in 1947, near
Roswell, New Mexico, and the military response.
The 20 page report is the result of constituent information
requests to Congressman Schiff	and	the	difficulty	he had getting
answers from the Department	of	Defense	in	the	now	48-year-old
controversy.
Schiff said important documents, which may have shed more light
on what happened at Roswell, are missing. "The GAO report states
that the outgoing messages from Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) for
this period of time were destroyed without proper authority."
Schiff pointed out that these messages would have shown how
military officials in Roswell were explaining to their superiors
exactly what happened.
"It is my understanding that these outgoing messages were
permanent records, which should never have been destroyed. The
GAO could not identify who destroyed the messages, or why." But
-more-

Part of a news release from Congressman Steve SchifFs office relating to the investigation
into the Roswell incident by the General Accounting Office. ‘The GAO report states that
the outgoing messages from Roswell Army Air Field for this period of time were
destroyed without proper authority/ declared Schiff.	Congress)


Dear Timothy:
It was an honor to meet you last February and I look forward to viewing your documentary
when it arrives. I would also like to acknowledge and sincerely thank you for your expression of
support for my request to the General Accounting Office regarding the 'Roswell Incident.'
My intention in this effort has been variously reported, but I want you to know that I am
intent on finding the military and government files on this incident with the purpose of releasing the
information in the files to the public.
Many people who have contacted me have asked if there is any way in which they could be of
help in my effort. I would appreciate copies of any correspondence directed to government
departments or agencies specifically regarding the Roswell Incident, along with the department or
agency reply.
If you or someone with whom you are actjuainted has such correspondence, I would request
that you send copies of it to my District Office in Albuquerque, the address of which is listed
above.
Further, I would be grateful to learn of other Members of Congress who are now, or, who
before me, pursued this same issue with government agencies.
Again, I appreciate your support in this effort, and I will keep you informed on the progress
of my inquiry. If you have additional information, or questions, please do not hesitate to contact
me. I will always be pleased to hear from you.
Sincerely
Steven Schiff
SS:md


===============================================================================
6. A STATE OF SIEGE

On 8 July, the day that the Roswell recovery made headline news, a US
Army Air Forces C-54 transport on a flight from Bermuda to Florida
simply ‘disappeared’ in the Atlantic, according to Air Transport Command,
its crew presumed lost at sea, since two seat cushions and debris were seen.1
This is not to insinuate that the accident was related to Roswell. However,
as the following examples by Andy Kissner show, aircraft accidents coincidentally 
continued on a wide scale that month:
July 13
- Twenty killed and fifteen injured when a DC-3 crashes into a swamp in
Florida, after its two engines stopped in quick succession.
- An American Airlines DC-4 en route to Shannon, Ireland, lands in
Newfoundland after two of its four engines ‘went dead’.
- A Navy Corsair crashes and explodes in Harbourton, New Jersey, killing
the pilot.
- An Army Reserve pilot killed in his trainer.
July 14
- Two USAAF aircraft collide in mid-air near Frankfurt, Germany.
July 20
- Eight UK Royal Navy crew members killed in a series of three accidents
involving two Firefly planes (which had interlocked with each other) and
two Seafire planes (landing on the aircraft carrier HMS Theseus).
July 21
- Seventeen killed when an Argentine transport plane, unable to stop on the
runway, runs into a crowd.
- Two US Marine Corps aircraft interlock in mid-air above El Toro Airfield,
California, killing one.
- Two Fifth Air Force pilots killed when their planes collide near Tokyo.2
On 15 July 1947, a P-80 Shooting Star, similar to the jet fighter placed
on stand-by at Muroc Field, California (mentioned in the previous chapter),
landed in New Mexico on a remote stretch of Highway 380,25 miles southwest 
of the Corona flying-disc crash site, at Carrizozo, a small community
close to the north-east corner of White Sands. ‘The P-80 waited at
Carrizozo,’ reports Kissner. ‘Its mission, although secret to this day, was to
provide air cover for the recovery operation. This was necessary in the
event that another flying disc appeared and attempted to impede elements
of the recovery T-Force. Perhaps a disc would attempt to retrieve the bodies
of the crashed disc’s dead crew members.’
The fighter was based at March Field, California. Using aircraft based
at a distance from the site of a possible engagement is a further security
precaution ... The P-80 sat next to Highway 380, and was refuelled
by a US Army tank truck driven from Fort Bliss ... The cover story
was that the fighter ‘ran low on fuel’ in a rainstorm. Over four days at
least two C-47 transports, another ‘Army transport’ and the P-80 all
used either the Carrizozo airport runway (a dirt strip) or Highway 380
as a makeshift landing strip.
On the afternoon of 18 July, Capt. Floyd G. Soule brought his
fighter back onto the centre of the road and applied power ... As he
passed stall speed and accelerated to 120 mph and pulled back on the
stick, the plane lifted off the roadway to an altitude of 100 feet but
gained no more altitude [and] the fighter veered violendy to the right,
nose down.3 An eyewitness reported that the airplane was flying very
fast, and without any observable or explainable cause simply rolled
over.
The P-80, out of control, flew directly into the Monte Vista gas
station [on] State Route 54 and Highway 380. The airplane and the
gas station exploded in a fireball simultaneously, killing Capt. Soule
instantly. It also killed Joe Drake, 25, of Carrizozo, and injured four
others.4
Many sightseers had lined the highway to watch the take-off. Although
a newspaper reported that the P-80 ‘barely cleared the ground’, one of
Kissner’s sources said it reached about 100 feet before crashing (see above).
I should mention here that in September 1947, four major P-80 accidents
were attributed to loss of lateral control owing to inadequate hydraulic
pressure reaching the power-boosted ailerons, and this was suspected as the
cause of five other crashes. Three of the first twenty-nine fatal P-80/F-80
accidents were caused by loss of control.5
Kissner was the first to associate this tragedy with the recovery operation 
of a flying disc. ‘This is not surprising that an association wasn’t
made,’ he says, ‘since it was only reported in a few [local] newspapers.’


In September 1994, in the official US Air Force Study related to the
‘Roswell Incident’, the Air Force reports no aircraft accidents as having
occurred in or near the crash site at the same time ... In addition, the
Air Force reported losing [only] five aircraft in New Mexico during
July 1947. With the exception of the P-80, which is mentioned to have
crashed somewhere in New Mexico, the Force reports four other
aircraft losses during July that I wasn’t able to find in any published news
source from 1947.6
On 1 August 1947, an AAF B-25 Mitchell twin-engined bomber crashed
near Kelso, Washington, killing the pilots, Captain William Davidson and
Lieutenant Frank Brown, both intelligence officers from the Fourth Air
Force Headquarters at Hamilton Field, California. Two others parachuted
to safety. Davidson and Brown were returning from Tacoma, Washington,
where they had interviewed pilots Kenneth Arnold and Captain Edward
Smith, both witnesses to UFO sightings earlier that summer. Arnold and
Smith had become embroiled in the complex and sinister Maury Island
incident of 21 June when, according to witnesses in a boat, including the
captain, Harold Dahl, six flying objects were seen circling above Puget
Sound, one spewing ‘slag’, of which some fell on the boat.
Arnold and Smith had introduced the officers to Fred Crisman, a
mysterious character with a background in counter-intelligence (including
‘black operations’ for the CIA) who had investigated (and ‘contaminated’)
the case. At the end of the meeting, Crisman gave the officers a heavy box
containing large chunks of the recovered fragments, which were later loaded
on the B-25 at McChord Field. Arnold noted that the materials were rather
different from the aluminium-type metals that he and Smith had been
shown previously by Crisman.
Arnold and Smith had run into many weird and disturbing experiences
during their investigations into the Maury Island case. Was the B-25 crash
in any way related to its cargo, they wondered? According to a survivor, an
AAF passenger, one of the engines had caught fire nearly twenty minutes
after take-off. When the emergency fire-fighting system failed to work, the
pilots ordered the others to bail out. For some reason, the pilots never
followed. ‘It was never completely explained by the military why [the pilots]
did not notify anyone by radio signifying their distress nor why they hadn’t
parachuted also,’ wrote Arnold. ‘According to the [passenger] a good ten
minutes had elapsed between the time he was shoved out of the B-25 until
the fire reached serious proportions .. .’7
On 3 August 1947, a Navy carrier plane crashed near Fort Hancock,
Texas. Shortly before the accident, the pilot radioed Biggs Army Air Field
and warned them that he was ‘running out of gas and about to crash’. An
ambulance sent to recover the pilot went out of control and ran head-on
into a truck,’ Kissner reports. ‘The episode was reported as a car accident,
not one involving a crashed military aircraft.’8
On a flight between Tokyo, Kwajalein Island and Honolulu on 16
August, a B-17 bomber carrying US Ambassador George C. Atcheson, the
chief US political adviser to the Japan Occupation Forces, and nine others
crashed in shark-infested waters 65 miles west of Honolulu after the plane
‘ran out of gas’. Three crew members were rescued but the others were
never found.9
‘Running out of gas’ seems to have occurred rather too many times.
Pilots seldom fail to check the required amount of fuel for any given flight.
Another common cause of accidents at this time was engine failure.
Probably many of these instances have a conventional explanation, but I
am mindful of the fact that since the Second World War, unknown aircraft
have been responsible for triggering engine failure (Chapter 1). The inability
of planes to gain altitude on take-off is similarly hard to rationalize in all
cases. ‘The idea that an airplane at 100 per cent power can’t get off the
ground is very difficult to understand,’ says Kissner.
The only way an airplane doesn’t gain altitude at take-off is if it can’t
build relative air speed ... is overweight, has experienced a condition
known as density altitude (a function of heavy weight, high temperature 
and high altitude), or if something’s holding it down. Its corollary
in the air is ‘failure to maintain altitude’. Again, this is very rare ...
‘There was a real threat to the national security of the United States in
the summer of 1947,’ says Kissner, ‘but few were aware of it. It wasn’t the
USSR, Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union or the Chinese revolution, and it
wasn’t the Koreans; nor was it the design, control or use of the atomic
bomb. It was a totally new technology with new weapons that were more
capable than anything on Earth. And it was a new technology that our best
scientists didn’t understand .. .10

EVENTS IN THE USSR

Sergei P. Korolyev was one of the USSR’s leading rocket scientists, and his
impressive achievements had earned him the high honour of a state funeral
in 1966." According to Valery P. Burdakov, a professor of engineering
sciences and fellow of the Russian Academy of Sciences, in July 1947 (some
accounts say 1948) Korolyev was invited to the Ministry of State Security
(MGB - later KGB) headquarters in Moscow, where he was informed by
the MGB chief that the invitation was at the behest of Josef Stalin. Together
with a team of translators, Korolyev was taken to a special apartment and
given many foreign documents dealing with flying saucers, including some
relating to the Roswell incident, and told he had three days to come up
with an opinion.
Three days later Korolyev was summoned to a meeting with Stalin,
who asked him whether these mysterious objects posed a threat to the state.
Korolyev replied that the objects did not appear to be weapons of a
potential enemy, but that the phenomenon was real nonetheless. According
to Korolyev, Stalin also consulted other leading scientists, who came up
with the same conclusion.12
On an unspecified date in 1947, anti-aircraft guns of the Soviet Army’s
Transcaucasian Military District fired on a cigar-shaped object which had
entered Soviet airspace from the Turkish border. Even though the object’s
altitude was below 4,000 metres and the guns were capable of reaching a
target at up to 12,000 metres, the cigar merely accelerated and flew away
across the mountains. Embarrassed because border guards and military
monitoring services had earlier also missed the target, the Border District
command ordered the monitors not to disclose the fact that the object had
reached a speed of up to 2,000 km/h.13

US INTELLIGENCE REQUIREMENTS

In late September 1947, Lieutenant General Nathan F. Twining, commanding 
general of Air Materiel Command (AMC), sent a three-page secret
letter to Brigadier General George Schulgen, intelligence chief of the Army
Air Forces, confirming that ‘the phenomenon reported is something real
and not visionary or fictitious’, and that ‘there are objects probably
approximating the shape of a disc, of such appreciable size as to appear to
be as large as man-made aircraft’ (see p. 113).
Although Twining referred to ‘the lack of physical evidence in the
shape of recovered crash exhibits which would undeniably prove the
existence of these objects’ in his report, he was well aware of such, since
debris from at least one of the crashed discs in New Mexico had been
flown to AMC Headquarters. Assuming that access to crashed-disc data
would have been on a ‘need to know’ basis, it would hardly have been
appropriate to let those on the other end of the data-collection line know
why such data were needed.
On 1 October 1947, the USAAF became the US Air Force (USAF). That
month, an Air Intelligence Requirements Division (AIRD) ‘Draft of Collection 
Memorandum’, classified Secret and prepared for the signature of
General Schulgen, fisted the ‘current intelligence requirements in the field
of Flying Saucer type aircraft’, and included much of Twining’s AMC data
on the phenomena.
‘An alleged “Flying Saucer” type aircraft or object in flight... has been
reported by many observers from widely scattered places, such as the
United States, Alaska, Canada, Hungary, the Island of Guam, and Japan,’
the memo begins. ‘This object has been reported by many competent
observers, including USAF rated officers.’ The remainder of the memo fists
the technical data required to establish the origin of the saucers - assumed
to be either German or Russian.14
THE MANTELL CASE
On 7 January 1948, a flight of four Air National Guard F-51 Mustang
aircraft, led by Captain Thomas Mantell, flying from Marietta, Georgia, to
Standiford Field, Kentucky, was requested by the control tower at Godman
Air Force Base, Kentucky, to investigate an unidentified airborne craft in
the vicinity of Godman. An official summary describes the incident:
Three of the ships started to climb toward the object. Pilot Hendricks
in NG336 continued on and landed at 1501C [Central Time] at
Standiford Field ... Pilots Hammond, NG737 8c Clements NG800,
climbed to 22,000 feet with Mantell in NG3869 then continued on to
their original destination because of lack of oxygen arriving there
1540C. Mantell continued climbing toward object. Standiford operations 
advised Wright Field Service Center at 1750E [Eastern Time]
that NG3869 pilot Mantell crashed 2 miles southwest of Franklin,
Kentucky at approximately 1645C. Accident fatal to pilot, major
damage to aircraft.15
The official explanation? Mantell had simply been chasing the planet
Venus (!) - later changed to a Skyhook balloon - and had lost consciousness 
as a result of oxygen starvation. However, a 1948 secret/top-secret
joint Air Force and Navy intelligence analysis of UFO incidents states:
‘While it is presumed that this pilot suffered anoxia, resulting in his crash,
his last message to the tower was, “It appears to be metallic object ... of
tremendous size ... directly ahead and slightly above ... I am trying to
close for a better look.”’16 (See plate.)
There are some conflicting accounts of the crash. Mrs Joe Phillips had
heard the plane, engine apparently in trouble, flying over her farmhouse
near Franklin. Almost immediately there was a loud explosion and she saw
the disintegrating plane hit the ground about 200 yards from her house.
However, school student Barbara Mayes said that she saw the plane explode
vhile high in mid-air.17
Little-known information on the Mantell case has been acquired by
John Timmerman, a leading researcher who learned some interesting details
from Edward Hertzberg, former chief physical anthropologist for the US
Air Force at the Aerospace Medical Laboratory. Hertzberg had spoken to
Carl O. Horst, a high-ranking engineer who had been sent to Godman
Field to investigate the crash. As Mantell closed in on the object, Horst
said, the Mustang disintegrated.
‘The top-secret Skyhook balloon allegation is baloney,’ Hertzberg told
Timmerman. ‘It was a UFO which whirled vertically to high altitude after
sitting over the landing strip for a long time, and which was seen by
hundreds of Godman Field employees before the Mantell flight wanted to
land on the runway. The UFO ... was considered to have sat there at about
400 feet (or maybe even lower).’18
Leonard Stringfield, the former US Air Force intelligence officer whose
aerial encounter with unknown objects is cited in Chapter 1 (and who
collaborated with the USAF in UFO investigations in the mid-1950s),
learned more:
I have heard a number of exotic stories about the Mantell incident,
but one stands out that comes from a reliable source [who] related
that he had talked with Mantell’s wingman, who witnessed the incident. 
The pilot stated that Mantell pursued the UFO because he was
the only pilot equipped with an adequate oxygen mask [and] also
related that he saw a burst of ‘what appeared to be tracers’ fired from
the UFO, which hit the P-51 and caused it to disintegrate in the air!
Since the Mantell case, all other military encounters ending in disaster
have been hidden from the public.19

TOP SECRET USAF ANALYSES

In August 1948, the USAF Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), earlier
the T-2 division of Twining’s Air Materiel Command, decided to make
what intelligence jargon refers to as an ‘Estimate of the Situation’. Captain
Edward Ruppelt was one of the few to see the lengthy Top Secret document,
dated 5 August 1948. He confirmed that ATIC concluded that the UFOs
were interplanetary in origin. General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, then Chief of
Staff, rejected this conclusion for lack of proof, even after a group from
ATIC visited his office at the Pentagon in an attempt to persuade him to
change his mind. Some months later, Vandenberg ordered the document
to be burned.20 (See p. 114.)
‘The general said it would cause a stampede,’ Ruppelt told Major
Donald Keyhoe, an early author and authority on the subject with intelligence 
sources in the Pentagon. ‘How could we convince the public the
aliens weren’t hostile when we didn’t know it ourselves?’2'
In 1985 a document that had been classified Top Secret, entided
Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the , was declassified and released
in response to a Freedom of Information Act request. Dated 10 December
1948, this appears to be a watered-down version of the earlier ‘Estimate of
the Situation’, in that it merely concluded that ‘some type of flying objects
have been observed, although their identification and origin are not
discernible’.22
Another Top Secret report from 1948, declassified in 1997, is much
more revealing:
‘For some time we have been concerned by the recurring reports on
flying saucers,’ begins a US Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) memorandum
(see p. 115). ‘They periodically continue to crop up; during the last week,
one was reported hovering over Neubiberg Air Base [Germany] for about
thirty minutes. They have been reported by so many sources and from such
a variety of places that we are convinced that they cannot be disregarded
and must be explained on some basis which is perhaps slightly beyond the
scope of our present intelligence thinking.’
When officers of this Directorate recently visited the Swedish Air
Intelligence Service, this question was put to the Swedes. Their answer
was that some reliable and fully technically qualified people have
reached the conclusion that ‘these phenomena are obviously the result
of a high technical skill which cannot be credited to any presently
known culture on Earth’. They are therefore assuming that these
objects originate from some previously unknown or unidentified
technology, possibly outside the Earth.
One of these objects was observed by a Swedish technical expert
near his home on the edge of a lake. The object crashed or landed in
the lake and he carefully noted its azimuth from his point of observation. 
Swedish intelligence was sufficiendy confident in his observation
that a naval salvage team was sent to the lake. Operations were
underway during the visit of USAFE officers. Divers had discovered
a previously uncharted crater on the floor of the lake. No further
information is available, but we have been promised knowledge of the
results. In their opinion, the observation was reliable, and they believe
that the depression on the floor of the lake, which did not appear on
current Hydrographic charts, was in fact caused by a flying saucer.
‘Although accepting this theory of the origin of these objects poses a
whole new group of questions and puts much of our thinking in a changed
light,’ concluded the memo, ‘we are inclined not to discredit entirely this
somewhat spectacular theory, meantime keeping an open mind on the
subject.. .’23

CONTINUING SIGHTINGS AT SENSITIVE FACILITIES

Sightings at some of the United States’ most sensitive installations, such as
the Los Alamos Atomic Energy Commission’s facility, increased. A US Air
Force Intelligence report in May 1949 (pp. 116) reveals the extent of
concern at that time.
At the instigation of Major General Charles P. Cabell, Director of Air
Force Intelligence, and Air Force Scientific Advisory Board Chairman Dr
Theodore von Karman,24 secret meetings were held at Los Alamos National
Laboratory on 16 February 1949. Among the scientists and military officials
present were the nuclear physicist Dr Edward Teller and Dr Lincoln LaPaz,
a New Mexico University astronomer who himself had had a sighting in
December 1948. LaPaz (who held a Top Secret clearance) ruled out
conventional fireballs or meteorites and left the conference in no doubt
that the phenomena were inexplicable.25
At Killeen Base, a highly sensitive nuclear-weapons storage site inside
Camp Hood, central Texas, intrusions by unknown aerial objects were observed 
by security guards on 6 March 1949.26 ‘Unusual Lights’ were reported
at the site (the ‘Q’ Area) on many occasions later that month, one involving
eight lights that flew over units of the Fourth Army’s 2nd Armored
Division.
On 24 April 1949, near Arrey, New Mexico, west of the White Sands
Proving Ground, Charles B. Moore and a crew of four enlisted men
tracking a weather balloon observed an unknown flying object flying high
above it at an estimated altitude of 56 miles and a speed of 7 miles per
second. Moore trained a 25-power theodolite on the object, revealing it to
be roughly 40 feet wide and 100 feet long. The object dropped swiftly from
an elevation of 210 degrees to 25 degrees, and passed in front of a mountain
range before accelerating vertically and disappearing. ‘With good reason
this sighting convinced many influential persons that UFOs were real and
extraterrestrial,’ say researchers Brad Sparks and Jerome Clark, who point
out that when news of the sighting leaked out, agents of the Air Force
Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) ‘went into a frenzy to try to hunt
down the source of the leak’. He turned out to be Commander Robert B.
McLaughlin, chief of the Navy’s guided missile programme at White Sands
at the time, and responsible for the team headed by Moore.27,28
A month later, McLaughlin himself had a sighting at White Sands.
Following the launch of a rocket, he and two other officers were looking
skywards when they noticed a white, slow-moving object of some kind. It
passed over the onlookers at a leisurely pace, and then put on a prodigious
burst of speed and disappeared behind some hills. In the following month,
two small discs were observed from five observation posts as they appeared
alongside an Army rocket following its launch. One object then shot
through the wake of the rocket and appeared to be ‘racing’ with the other
one before they both accelerated vertically and disappeared.29 McLaughlin
had not been present on this latter occasion, but in 1950 he stated: ‘Many
times I have seen flying discs following and overtaking missiles in flight at
the experimental base at White Sands, where, as is known, the first
American atom bomb was tried out.’30
From 27 to 28 April, Dr Joseph Kaplan of the Air Force Scientific
Advisory Board (SAB) visited Kirtland Air Force Base’s Office of Special
Investigations (AFOSI), as well as the AEC’s Sandia Base and Los Alamos,
under orders from Dr von Kdrmdn. A secret memo states that the purpose
of the visit was to review reports of ‘unidentified aerial phenomena that
have been observed in this area during the last five months’.31 That very
night, various security patrols located south-east of Killeen Base reported
nine separate sightings of slow-moving lights of varying colours.
The following week, the Fourth Army7s 2nd Armored Division planned
an operation to deal with the phenomena. On 5 May, personnel from the
Fourth Army, Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI), AFOSI, Army Counter
Intelligence Corps (CIC), the Armed Forces Special Weapons Project
(AFSWP), together with the FBI, met at Camp Hood for urgent discussions.
Twenty-four-hour observation posts, including special cameras and other
instruments, were eventually agreed.
The Army tried to take control of the project, reluctant to share much
of their data with the other agencies. Each day, the commander of the
‘Artillery Training Force’ (in reality the security-classified UFO patrol)
received fresh orders, which were passed on to the observation posts. The
operation lasted until August 1949, during which the phenomena persisted
- one involving an object estimated to be 30-70 feet in diameter.32
On 14 September, Air Force Chief of Staff General Vandenberg ordered
the new commander of Air Materiel Command (AMC), Lieutenant General
Benjamin W. Chidlaw, to evaluate the New Mexico sightings (and others)
with a view to getting better instrumented data. A special meeting was
held at Los Alamos a month later, attended by some top physicists -
including Dr Teller, Dr George Gamow and mathematician Stanislav Ulam
- and delegates from AFOSI, AFSWP, the Atomic Energy Security Service
and other Los Alamos personnel. AMC was represented by Major Frederick
C. Oder, who was later to become involved with UFO investigations at the
CIA. The group agreed that the phenomena were real, and the project was
approved in December by General Chidlaw and the Research and Development 
Board.33
Sometime in 1949, on a plateau near Camp Hood, an even more
extraordinary event is said to have occurred. Investigator John Timmerman
interviewed an Army man who had served in the 2nd Armored Division.
One of the tasks that he and many others were given was ‘division guard’,
which involved being taken out to a plateau and standing guard over the
apparently vacant, fenced-off area. ‘Why they sent us to guard a plateau
was beyond me, at the time,’ said the witness. About a month later, around
01:00, very bright and silent lights in the sky approached the plateau and
then descended. ‘All of a sudden, the end of the plateau opened up and we
could see light coming out of the inside. And these other bright lights just
came down inside the plateau. And the door closed.’34 Is it possible that
that the plateau - which may well have been used as a top-secret nuclear-
weapons storage facility - was also being used as an alien base?
In Unearthly Disclosure I reveal information relating to the alien
presence given to me in Washington, DC, by a US Army Intelligence
veteran, a respected author and reporter who, from 1986 to 1989, had
meetings with a high-ranking Air Force intelligence source who had worked
at the Pentagon in the USAF Air Staff and Joint Staff. My source learned
that following the Second World War, aliens had begun to establish bases
in Australia, the Caribbean, the Pacific Ocean, the Soviet Union and the
United States. In the US, these bases reportedly were located in Alaska,
New Mexico and West Virginia. Camp Hood (Texas) was not mentioned -
though I was told that the American bases were guarded by elements of the
Army. ‘The aliens are there doing their own thing,’ declared the source.
‘We’re there to keep them secure.’
I also learned that a number of alien craft had crashed and had been
recovered, together with bodies, by the military. Regarding New Mexico,
the base was said to be sited in the vicinity of the nuclear-weapons storage
area in the Manzano Mountains, close to Kirtland AFB. On an undisclosed
date, two creatures who had survived a crash, or crashes, were killed by an
Air Force policeman outside Kirtland, provoking a phenomenal response
by the creatures’ colleagues, who demonstrated the ease with which they
could control local weather. Communications were established. The aliens
insisted on the return of the two corpses and, I was told, contact with the
US military, represented by an Air Force major, was initiated at an
undisclosed location in the south-west desert.35
All this seems outlandish, of course. But I have good reasons for
believing the information to be essentially reliable. Another Washington
reporter has independently learned about an alien base in the Manzano
area, as well as the establishment of communications there (to be discussed
in the final chapter). And regarding control of local weather, a similar
demonstration was witnessed in 1978 by a friend of mine, the well-known
Brazilian meteorologist Rubens Villela, who has worked for the CIA and
NASA.36
According to a number of sources, the most important case involving
the recovery of an alien craft took place outside the little town of Aztec,
New Mexico, in March 1948. As we shall learn in the next chapter, a great
deal of technical and other intelligence resulted from this recovery, intelligence 
which gave the Americans a giant leap forward in technology and
weaponry unparalleled in human history.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. New York Times, 9 July 1947.
2. Kissner, J. Andrew, Peculiar Phenomenon: Early United States Efforts to Collect and
Analyze Flying Discs. (Currently unpublished).
3. Ibid.
4. Tragedy Hits Carrizozo Last Friday’, Lincoln County News and Carrizozo Outlook,
25 July 1947.
5. Werrell, Kenneth P., ‘Those Were the Days: Flying Safety during the Transition to
Jets, 1944-1953’, Air Power History, Air Force Historical Foundation, Vol. 52, No.
4, Winter 2005, p. 41.
6. Kissner, op. cit.
7. Arnold, Kenneth and Palmer, Ray, The Coming of the Saucers, published by the
authors, 1952. Those interested in this case, and in Crisman’s extraordinary
background - including his arrest in Dallas as one of the three ‘tramps’ following
the assassination of President Kennedy - should read Maury Island UFO: The
Crisman Conspiracy, by Kenn Thomas, IllumiNet Press, PO Box 2808, Lilburn,
GA 30048, 1999.
8. El Paso Times, 4 August 1947.
9. Las Cruces Sun News, 18 August 1947.
10. Kissner, op. cit.
11. Von Braun, Wernher and Ordway III, Frederick I., History of Rocketry & Space
Travel, Nelson, London, 1966, p. 140.
12. Interview with Professor V. Burdakov, published in Rabochaya Tribuna, 13
August 1991. Further information can be found in The Soviet UFO Files by Paul
Stonehill, Bramley Books, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1XW, UK (1998).
13. Dremin, Alexander, ‘Soviet Army fought UFOs’, Pravda, Moscow, 23 January
2004.
14. Draft of collection memorandum (Secret) prepared for the signature of Brigadier
General George F. Schulgen, Chief, Air Intelligence Requirements Division of the
Assistant Chief of Staff of the Air Force for Intelligence, 30 October 1947.
15. ‘Report of Aircraft Accident’, signed by Major Armand E. Matthews, Wright Field
Service Center, Dayton, Ohio, 9 January 1948.
16. Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the U.S., (Secret/Top Secret), Air Intelligence
Division Study No. 203, Directorate of Intelligence and Office of Naval
Intelligence, Washington, DC, 10 December 1948, Appendix (Secret), p. 12.
17. Franklin Favorite, 8 January 1948.
18. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many others), Vol. 1, Greyden Press, Columbus,
Ohio, 1997, p. 73.
19. Stringfield, Leonard, Situation Red: The UFO Siege!, Doubleday, New York, 1977,
p. 137.
20. Ruppelt, Edward J., The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Doubleday, New
York, 1956, pp. 41, 45.
21. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, Panther Books, St Albans, UK, 1975, p. 27.
22. Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the U.S., Summary and Conclusions, (Top
Secret), 10 December 1948, p. 2.
23. USAFE Item 14, TT 1524, (Top Secret), 4 November 1948 (declassified in 1997).
24. ‘History of Air Technical Intelligence Center, 1 January-30 June 1952’,
publication T55-7568, ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, OH, 1952, p. 3.
25. ‘Report of Trip to Los Alamos, New Mexico, 16 February 1949’, by Commander
Richard S. Mandelkom, US Navy, Research and Development Division, Sandia
Base, Albuquerque, 18 February 1949.
26. Hall, Michael David and Connors, Wendy Ann, Captain Edward J. Ruppelt:
Summer of the Saucers - 1952, Rose Press International, Albuquerque, NM, 2000,
pp. 4-5.
27. Ibid., p. 19.
28. Sparks, Brad and Clark Jerome, ‘The Southwestern Lights, Part III’, International
UFO Reporter, Vol. 10, No. 5, September/October 1985, p. 9.
29. Heard, Gerald, The Riddle of the Flying Saucers: Is Another World Watching?
Carroll & Nicholson, London, 1950, pp. 40-2.
30. True magazine, March 1950.
31. Memorandum (Secret) from Lt. Col. Doyle Rees, USAF, District Commander,
17th District Office of Special Investigations, Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, to the
Director of Special Investigations, Office of the Inspector General USAF,
Washington 25, DC, 12 May 1949.
32. Sparks and Clark, op. cit., pp. 10-12.
33. Ibid., p. 16.
34. Swords, Michael D., ‘Timmermania: A step too far into the Timmerman Files?’
International UFO Reporter, Winter 2002-2003, p. 9.
35. Good, Timothy, Unearthly Disclosure: Conflicting Interests in the Control of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence, Century, London, 2000, pp. 254-7.
36. Ibid., pp. 23, 84.


HEADQUATERSAIR MATERIEL COMMAND,
TSDIN/HMM/ig/6-4100WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
SEP 23 1947
SUBJECT : AMC Opinion Concerning "Flying Discs"
TO:	Commanding	General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTENTION:	Brig.	Ooieral George Schulgen
AC/AS-2
1. As requested by AC/AS-2 there is presented below the considered
opinion of this Command concerning the so-called "Flying Discs". This
opinion is based on interrogation report data furnished by AC/AS-2 and
preliminary studies by personnel of T-2 and Aircraft Laboratory, Engineering 
Division T-3. This opinion was arrived at in a conference between
personnel from the Air Institute of Technology, Intelligence T-2, Office,
Chief of engineering Division, and the Aircraft, Power Plant and Propeller
Laboratories of Engineering Division T-3.
2. It is the opinion that:
a. The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary
or fictitious.
b.	There are objects probably approximating tha shape of a
disc, of such appreciable size as to appear to-be as large as man-made
aircraft .
‘The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary or fictitious/ Part of a
three-page memorandum (previously classified Secret) from Lieutenant General
Nathan F. Twining to the Commanding General, Army Air Forces, 25 September
1947. (The National Archives, Washington)


319.1 Air Intellignce Division Study
25 Sept 1950
FROM:  Dept of the Air Force Hqs U.S. Air ForceTO: See below
Ltr
SUBJBCT: Destruction of air Intelligence Report Number 100-203-79
1. It is requested tha action be taken to destroy al copies of Top Secret Air Intelligence Report Number 100-203-79, subject, "Analysis of Flying Object *noidents in the U.S.," dtd 10 Dec 1948.
The order to destroy copies of a Top Secret US Air Force Intelligence report which
concluded that UFOs were interplanetary in origin. The order came from General
Hoyt S. Vandenberg, then USAF Chief of Staff. ‘The general said it would cause a
stampede,’ revealed Captain Edward Ruppelt, who later headed Project Blue Book.
(The National	Archive, Washington)


DECLASSIFIES AT THE NATIONAL ARCHIVESTOP SECRET
USAEE 14	TT	1524 	       
TOP	SECRET	
4	Nov	1948
From OI OB
For some time we have been concerned by the recurring reports on flying
saucers. They periodically continue to cop up; during the last week, one wos
observed hovering over Neubiberg Air Base for about thirty minutes. They
have been reported by so many sourcea and from such a variety of places that
we are convinced that they cannot be disregarded and must be explained on some
basis which is perhaps slightly beyond the scope of our present intelligence
thinking.
When officers of this Directorate recently visited the Swedish Air
Intelligence Service. This question was put to tho Swedes. Their answer
was that some reliable and fully technically qualified people have reached
the conclusion that "these phenomena are obviously the result of a high
technical skill which cannot be credited to any presently known culture on
earth." They are therefore assuming that these objects originate from some
previously unknown or unidentified technology, possibly outside the earth.
One of these objects was observed by a Swedish technical expert near
his home on the edge of a lake. The object crashed or landed in the lake
and he carefully noted its azimuth from his point of observation. Swedish
intelligence was sufficiently confident in his observation that a naval
salvage team was sent to the lake. Operations were underway during the
visit of USAFE officers. Divers had discovered a previoauly uncharted
crater on the floor of the.lake. No further information is avoilable, but
we have been promised knowledge of the results. In their opinion, the
observation was reliable, and they believe that the depression on the floor
of the lake, which did not appear on current hydrographic charts, was in
fact caused by a flying saucer.
Although accepting this theory of the origin of these objects poses a
whole new group of questions and puts much of our thinking in a changed
light, we are inclined not to discredit entirely this somewhat spectacular
theory, meantime keeping an open mind on the subject. What are your
reactions?
TOP SECRET
(END OF USAFE ITEM 14)
A previously Top Secret US Air Forces Europe (USAFE) report. ‘These phenomena are
obviously the result of a high technical skill which cannot be credited to any presently
known culture on Earth’, the Swedish Air Intelligence Service told their American
counterparts in 1948. (The National Archives, Washington)


HEADQUATERS UNITED STATES AIRFORCE WASHINGTON
SECRET
DEPARTMENT OF US AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
17th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO
File No: 24-8DR/MEN/Web
12 May 1949
SUBJECT: UNKNOWN (Aerial Phenomena)
TO:	Director	 of 	Special Investigations Office of The Inspector General USAF
Washington 25, D.C.
1. Reference is made to TWX from this destrict, OSI 4-26-C, dated 27 April 1949, pertaining to file number 24-6 of this district.
2. On 27 and 26 April 1949, Dr Joseph Kaplan, University of California, Member of the Scientofoc Advisory Board, USAF, visited this
district office and other Governmental and military installations in the area. The purpose of of this visit was to review the reports of investigation and the circumstances surrounding the unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed in this area during the last five month and to thereby make recommendations as to the advisability of making a scientific investigation of these occurences. The investigation of Dr. Kaplan was conducted under orders transmitted to him by Dr Theodore Van Karman, Secretary of the Scientific Advisory Board, USAF. 
3.  Dr Joseph Kaplan, accomponeid by Lt Cel Doyle Rees and Captain Welvin E Beef, of this office, and Dr Lincoln LaPas, Institute of Meteorites, University of New Mexico, visited Sandia Base, New Mexico, and Los Alamos, New Mexcico.
4. Present at the conference at Sandia base on the morning of 27April 1949 were:Lt Col Herbert L.Crisler, Armed Forces Special Weapons Project  Lt Col Fredrick J. Clark, Armed Forces Sepcial Weapons Project
Mr. Matthew J. Doyle, Armed Forces Special Weapons Project  
Comdr E. E. Mandelkorn, Armed Forces Special Weapons Project 
Dr Joseph KaplanDr Linkoln LaPas	..
Lt Col Doyle ReesCaptain Melwin K Beef1*
c,
0
*( 8-5QU22
b-
Part of a US Air Force Intelligence report relating to the multiple intrusions by
unknown flying craft at the top-secret nuclear weapons laboratories at Los Alamos and
Sandia, New Mexico, in 1949. (The National Archives, Washington)


==============================================================================
7. AZTEC

It was the famous and respected columnist Frank Scully who first alerted
the world to sensational stories of recovered flying saucers and alien beings.
In his bestselling book Behind the Flying Saucers, published in 1950,1 Scully
claimed that up to that time there had been four such recoveries (though,
curiously, the Roswell events are not mentioned in his book!).
While it is true that two of Scully’s informants had shady backgrounds,
and that some of the facts provided to him had - intentionally or not -
been distorted, there is abundant evidence that the stories are not without
substance. One point invariably overlooked by his debunkers is that ‘Dr
Gee’, his principal source of information, did not exist. Scully turned down
an offer by Warner Brothers of $75,000 for film rights, providing he
obtained a clearance from his source. ‘But Dr Gee is a composite character
of eight men who have given me pieces of this story,’ he explained to
Warners’ lawyers. ‘I can’t give you a clearance on a character I invented for
convenience to simplify the telling of the story.’2 One of Scully’s sources is
believed to have been Dr Carl A. Heiland, a leading scientist in the field of
geophysics and magnetism, who died in 1956.3
Later, I shall present some important new evidence from Scott and
Suzanne Ramsey, who have spent years investigating the case, but for the
benefit of those who may not be familiar with the story, it is essential to
begin with the information provided by Frank Scully and others.
According to Scully’s informants, an alien disc came down near
Farmington, in the vicinity of Aztec, New Mexico, in 1948. About 100 feet
in diameter, its exterior was composed of a very light metal resembling
aluminium, but so durable that no amount of heat (up to 10,000° F was
applied) or diamond-tipped drilling had the slightest effect. The disc
apparently incorporated large rings of metal which revolved around a
central, stabilized cabin, using an unfamiliar gear ratio. There were no
rivets, bolts, screws or signs of welding. Investigators were eventually able
to gain entry, Scully was told, because of a fracture in one of the portholes,
which they enlarged, revealing a double knob inside the cabin which when
pushed (with a long pole) caused a hidden ‘door’ to open.
Sixteen small humanoids, ranging in height from 36 to 42 inches, were
found dead inside the cabin, their bodies charred to a dark brown colour.
Scully learned that the craft was undamaged, having landed under its own
propulsion. Eventually it was dismantled, the investigators having discovered 
that it was manufactured in segments which fitted in grooves and
were pinned together around the base. The complete cabin section, measuring 
18 feet in diameter, was lifted out of the base of the saucer, around
which was a gear that fitted a gear on the cabin. These segments, together
with the bodies, were then transported to Wright Field (later Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base).4
Another fairy tale about crashed flying saucers and little men? I believe
not. In addition to the pioneering research by William S. Steinman,5 in
particular, and Leonard Stringfield, there is also the lengthy testimony provided 
to Dr Berthold Schwarz by a former military intelligence officer, to
which I devoted five pages in Above Top Secret and its successor. The officer
claimed to have been taken to a top-secret base in Arizona in the 1970s,
where he was shown a recovered alien craft and parts of another craft - the
latter being the one which had crashed near Aztec.
The officer examined five humanoid alien bodies - three males and
two females. At variance with the information supplied to Scully, none was
charred; they were all very pale. Though no genitals were evident, the sex
had been determined during autopsy. They averaged about three-and-a-
half feet or so in height, with large, hairless heads, large tear-shaped eyes,
and vestigial noses and ears. The teeth were smooth, flat and very small.
On one of the female bodies, suture marks were clearly apparent. ‘My
friend [another intelligence officer] said there had been an autopsy, and
that from a study of her brain it was estimated that she was 200 years old
[estimated by] the count of the ridges on the brain,’ the officer told Dr
Schwarz.
Apparently, the craft had been tracked on radar as it came down to
Earth, and the location had been pinpointed by triangulation. ‘When [the
military] got out there,’ said the officer, ‘they found a small hole. Evidently
a meteorite had hit this craft, causing rapid decompression, and the people
died from that.’6 This explanation presupposes that the visitors’ spacecraft
was not designed to withstand, or repel, meteorites. Given their highly
advanced technology, I find this unconvincing.
In connection with what Scully learned about the craft being manufactured 
in segments, retired Rear Admiral Sumner Shapiro, a former Director
of Naval Intelligence (with a background in engineering), reportedly
revealed some interesting information during a meeting with former NASA-
contracted engineer Bob Oechsler. The meeting, in 1989, had been instigated 
by Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, former Director of Naval Intelligence,
Director of the National Security Agency and Deputy Director of the CIA.
‘One of the things [he revealed] that was fascinating was the discovery
of how they had the interlocking components of the craft,’ Oechsler told
me. ‘The whole thing comes apart in pieces, and apparently when it’s
locked together it’s like one of those Oriental puzzles: you can’t get it apart
unless you know the precise places to push, and everything has to be done
in a specific sequence .. .’7
Recent research by Scott Ramsey and his wife Suzanne has yielded
crucial new evidence about the Aztec incident. The crash occurred early on
the morning of 25 March 1948. At around 05:00, Ramsey has learned, a
large brush fire on a mesa off Hart Canyon Road - unrelated to the crash
- was reported by oilfield workers in the vicinity, who alerted the El Paso
Gas Company and the local police officer. Ramsey interviewed two key
witnesses not long before they passed away. One, Doug Nolan, a nineteen-
year-old worker at the time of the incident, was travelling in a truck with
his boss, Bill Ferguson, when they were called on the radio to come out
and attend to the Hart Canyon brush fire.8 Upon arriving at the fire site,
Nolan told Ramsey, the other fire workers alerted them to a very large
metallic disc resting on a mesa. On approaching closer, they could see no
seams, rivets, bolts or weld marks. Nolan and Ferguson climbed on top of
the craft and could see two bodies slumped over what appeared to be a
control console.
Another witness, Ken Farley, fresh out of the military, was in the
vicinity at the time when a friend in Cedar Hill told him about a lot of
commotion going on in Hart Canyon Road, attributed to a downed aircraft.
Farley told Ramsey that the two drove out to the crash site and walked out
to the western side of where the disc lay. There they joined a group of
oilfield workers and two law-enforcement officers, one from Aztec and the
other from Cuba, New Mexico. The disc appeared undamaged, Farley said,
and was ‘perfectly smooth on the outside, with no seams or markings
except for around the middle of the craft’. The military, plus others
(presumably scientific and technical intelligence specialists), arrived on the
scene later in the afternoon. Farley claimed that the witnesses were
‘threatened with their lives’ and sworn to secrecy.
Another witness interviewed by Scott Ramsey is Fred Reed, who had
served with the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), predecessor to the CIA.
Reed said that he and his group had been sent out to the area to make it
look as though nothing had happened. ‘They were ordered to collect any
foreign items they found, bury them eighteen inches deep, and to “soft
landscape” any areas where heavy equipment tracks were visible,’ reports
Ramsey. Reed also noted ‘a newly-cut road and an out-of-place, large
concrete pad in the freshly altered and silty soil’. The concrete pad was
recovered in the 1980s and has been undergoing a number of tests, the
results of which will be published in due course.
Ramsey has protected the identity of yet another witness, stationed at
Walker Field (formerly Roswell AAF). Although not present at the site, this
witness read daily intelligence reports on the progress of the clean-up
operation. ‘He explained to me that everything was very compartmentalized
during the recovery operation,’ says Ramsey. ‘He did see black and white
photos of the “extremely large craft” ... He told me that the work force at
the site consisted of some 200 persons during the two-week recovery.’9
It is believed that the 767th Aircraft Control and Warning System radar
unit, based at Air Force Station P-8 next to El Vado Dam, tracked the craft
to Aztec. At the time, three top-secret radar sites were located in a triangle
in New Mexico to protect the nuclear sites at Kirtland, Los Alamos and
Sandia. These sites, Ramsey learned, had been requisitioned by the Atomic
Energy Commission. In addition to the temporary one at El Vado Dam
(set up in 1946-7), the others were sited at the Continental Divide
(Gonzalez), and at Moriarty. These were probably the most powerful radar
sets in the world at that time, requiring elaborate safety precautions.10
According to an FBI report, an Air Force investigator learned that ‘the
saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact that the Government
had a very high-powered radar set-up in that area and it is believed the
radar interferes with the controlling mechanism of the saucers.’11
Glenn Pace, who had lived in the Farmington area, worked as a
technical photographer at the nuclear test site in Nevada from 1961 to
1964, assigned to Otto Krause, a German physicist who came to the US
after the Second World War. Pace claims that Krause - a project physicist
for some of the nuclear tests - confirmed that he knew of two saucers
which had crashed at that time, one near Roswell and another in Aztec.
Pace told investigator Glenn Campbell: ‘He said they were both brought to
White Sands and put in a hangar there. The aliens he never saw. He talked
to people that had seen the bodies and evidently one [from the Roswell
incident] supposedly lived, and they [eventually] took him out to Area
51.’12
Area 51 - also known as ‘Dreamland’, ‘The Ranch’, etcetera - occupies
Groom Dry Lake, adjacent to the Nevada Test Site, and is where top-secret
aircraft such as the Lockheed U-2 and F-117A ‘Stealth’ and other highly
advanced planes have been tested since the early 1950s. In Alien Liaison I
described various reports - some spurious - relating to sightings of both
alien craft and bodies in that vicinity, including the area known as S-4
(allegedly the Alien Technology Center) at Papoose Dry Lake.
‘Otto said it took them a long time to get into the [Aztec] thing and
figure out how it worked,’ Pace told Campbell. ‘That was what was the
classified part of the UFO - the mechanism that powered it. That was more
classified than the atomic bomb.. .’13
When I interviewed Pace in 1995, I asked if he knew anything more
about the Aztec incident. It is claimed, for instance, that a story appeared
in the local newspaper (the Hustler - later the Farmington Daily Times),
though many people have denied it. Pace insists such a story did appear.
‘We used to go riding with a horse,’ he told me. ‘What came out in the
paper about the crash at Aztec was [that it happened] right out in a canyon
where we had ridden. And the next day it came out in the newspaper that
this was all a big hoax, that nothing had crashed. And then, when I worked
with Otto at the test site, I’d called my mom to go to the Daily Times and
get me a copy of that paper for that issue, because I wanted to show it to
Otto. And she went there, and the issue didn’t exist - it conveniently
disappeared.. .’u
As Scott Ramsey explained to me in 2006, ‘All copies of the Hustler are
missing due to the fact that they were a small newspaper, and this was
before the days of microfiche. When Lincoln O’Brien purchased the paper
and consolidated it with the Daily , he did not see the value of
keeping the old copies. However, with that said, Mr O’Brien also kept
secret files on all UFO activities that went on in the area: we got his
personal files after his death.. ,’15
Otto Krause confirmed many of the details as reported to Scully, for
example, that all the occupants were deceased and that, with the exception
of a very small hole in one of the portholes, the craft itself was ‘pretty much
intact’. ‘The one at Aztec is the one they gained the technology from,’ Pace
was told.16
Interviewed years later by researcher William Moore, Mrs Frank Scully
maintained that the basic story behind her husband’s book was factual. She
also referred to a revealing comment made to her and her husband in 1953
by Captain Edward Ruppelt, the intelligence officer who had recently
retired as head of the Air Force’s Project Blue Book. ‘Confidentially,’ said
Ruppelt, ‘of all the books that have been published on flying saucers, your
book was the one that gave us the most headaches because it was the closest
to the truth.. ,’17

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Scully, Frank, Behind the Flying Saucers, Henry Holt, New York, 1950.
2. Scully, Frank, In Armour Bright, Chilton Books, Philadelphia, 1963, pp. 198-9.
3. Evans, Chris B., Alien Conspiracy: Unravelling the UFO/Alien Mystery, Alarm
Clock Publishing, PO Box 1389, Ceredo, WV 25507, 2003, pp. 94-5.
4. Behind the Flying Saucers, pp. 128-37.
5. Steinman, William S. and Stevens, Wendelle C., UFO Crash at Aztec: A Well Kept
Secret, UFO Photo Archives, PO Box 17206, Tucson, AZ 85710, 1987.
6. Schwarz, Berthold Eric, MD, UFO Dynamics: Psychiatric and Psychic Dimensions of
the UFO Syndrome, Book II, Rainbow Books, PO Box 1069, Moore Haven,
Florida 33471, 1983, pp. 536-45. See also Above Top Secret and Beyond Top Secret.
7. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret, Century, London, 1991,
pp. 194-5.
8. Aztec 1948: Government Cover-up - or Con? Documentary written, directed and
produced by Paul Kimball, Redstar Films Ltd., 2004, www.aztecl948.com
9. Ramsey, Scott, ‘Aztec Crash/Retrieval Story Revisited’, MUFON UFO Journal, No.
436, August 2004, pp. 3-7.
10. Aztec 1948, plus additional information supplied by Andy Kissner.
11. Memorandum from Guy Hottel [Special Agent], to Director, FBI, 22 March 1950.
12. The Groom Lake Desert Rat, PO Box 448, Rachel, NV 89001, Issue 23, 17 March
1995, pp. 1-5.
13. Ibid.
14. Telephone interview, 17 May 1995.
15. Email, 13 March 2006.
16. The Groom	Ixike Desert Rat, op. cit.
17. Berlitz, Charles, and Moore, William, The Roswell Incident, Granada, London,
1980, p. 51.


CONFINDENTIAL HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY
INTELLIGENCE DIVISION
OFFICE CP AC Of S, G-2
err
C7
>0
2. On 2 October ____________ was interviewed at the Fifth ArmyRegional -Office in Denver. He then denied any knowledge of the
flying saucer episode. The Regional Office commented that in spite .
of his denials his manner indicated that he had some knowledge of the	m.
incident or may have taken pictures of it. His appearance did not give the impression of one who was either mentally unbalanced or was
searching attention. He stuck persistently to his story of being drunk
when be made the call to CID. 3. ___________	said that ___________	was from "the Baltimor Sun"Previous Distribution:
Distribution:
AC of S, G-2; Fash
FBI, Chgo
OMI OSI
Evaluation
-of source	-of	Information
x Reliable
  Credible
  Questionable
  Undetermined
  Unknown
62

SUBJECT: Purchase Offer of Flying Saucer Photographs   Summary of Information:  		
l.The Fifth Army Regional Office in Denver, Colorado, reported
the following infomation:  On 30 September the Regional Office
received a call free CID, Denver, reporting that an _________Melwyn Hotel, Denver, said that when he was at the Edelweiss Bar a man named _____ offered hia $1500 for photographs he had taken of a
flying saucer. ___________said he photographed	this	saucer whichhad crashed hear Aztec,	New Mexcico. ____________	said	that “army	 officials" had attempted to take photographs of the crashed
saucer away from him but that he had given them another roll of film.
He said that ______ in some way had found out about the p'aotographs
and offered him $1500 for the photographs.
4 October 1960(Date)
Chicago 15, Illinois(Place) 

A US Army Intelligence report relating to the crashed disc recovered near Aztec,
New Mexico, in March 1948. (The National Archives, Washington)




PART TWO: 1950-9




==========================================================================
8. MAJIC

Is it possible to trace the reaction of the US Government’s military and
intelligence community to these momentous events, apart from the officially
released documentation? In 1984 some documents of spurious provenance
were leaked to Hollywood TV producer Jaime Shandera on a roll of 35mm
film. Even though these documents are fabrications, in my opinion they
have yielded vitally important clues.
The documents are an alleged preliminary briefing paper prepared for
President-elect Dwight D. Eisenhower in November 1952 by Rear Admiral
Roscoe Hillenkoetter, the former CIA director, and a September 1947
memo from President Truman to Secretary of Defense James Forrestal,
supposedly authorizing ‘Operation Majestic Twelve’. Classified ‘top
secret/m a jic/eyes only’, the briefing paper summarized what the
Majestic-12 committee had learned about the UFO problem up to 1952,
including details about the Roswell recovery.
In early 1987 I received a copy of the documents from an American
source, and these were published for the first time in my book Above Top
Secret later that year. Among the reasons for my conviction that the papers
are bogus is the fact that the signature on the Truman memo was ‘lifted’
from a document that was known to be authentic. And General Eisenhower,
as Army Chief of Staff in 1947, would almost certainly have been given the
essential details about Roswell at the time. However, I believe that those
who fabricated the papers had inside knowledge, since there is good
evidence that a committee by that name (Majestic-12) - or similar - did
exist, and the briefing paper’s list of the original committee includes many
of those who it is believed were involved, as described in this chapter and
earlier. They were:
- Dr Lloyd Berkner - a scientist who was executive secretary of the Joint
Research and Development Board in 1946 (under Dr Vannevar Bush) and
later a member of the CIA’s ‘Robertson Panel’, a scientific advisory panel
on UFOs requested by the White House and sponsored by the CIA in
1953.
- Dr Detlev Bronk - an internationally known physiologist and biophysicist
who was chairman of the National Research Council and member of the
Medical Advisory Board of the Atomic Energy Commission.
Dr Vannevar Bush - recognized as one of America’s leading scientists, he
organized the Office of Scientific Research and Development, which led to
the Manhattan Project. After the war he became head of the Joint
Research and Development Board - and head of a small group
investigating the ‘flying saucers’.
James S. Forrestal - Secretary of Defense in July 1947, he set up the initial
Air Force Project Saucer, which became Project Sign in September. A
mental breakdown led to his resignation in March 1949, and he
committed suicide at Bethesda Naval Hospital in May 1949. The ‘MJ-12
briefing paper’ names General Walter Bedell Smith, then CIA director, as
his successor.
Gordon Gray - Secretary of the Army in 1949, he was appointed special
assistant to President Truman on National Security Affairs and in 1951
directed the CIA’s Psychological Strategy Board. He became adviser on
national security matters to President Eisenhower, and was chairman of
the highly secret ‘54/12 Group’ or ‘Special Group’ (referred to in Chapter
5 in connection with Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso).
Rear Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter - the first director of the CIA
(1947-50), Hillenkoetter was involved in investigations into the ‘ghost
rockets’ (Chapter 3) and was the first intelligence chief to make public his
conviction that UFOs are real, and that ‘through official secrecy and
ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are
nonsense’.
Dr Jerome C. Hunsaker - headed the Department of Mechanical and
Aeronautical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
and was chairman of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics.
As noted earlier, Hunsaker pressed the Congress for huge budget increases
during the flying disc/aircraft accident crisis.
Dr Donald Menzel - Professor of Astrophysics at Harvard College
(1939-71) and involved in several military projects relating to the tracking
of guided missiles, Menzel is chiefly remembered for his dismissive
statements and books on UFOs, all of which, he insisted, could be
explained in mundane terms. Stanton Friedman, a retired nuclear
physicist and leading authority on the UFO phenomenon, discovered that
Menzel had been a top-class expert in code-breaking (holding a Top
Secret Ultra security clearance), had a lengthy association with the
National Security Agency, and had been a consultant to several presidents
on national security affairs. Moreover, he was well connected with several
other members of the MJ-12 group - especially Dr Bush.1

- Brigadier General Robert Montague - as an expert on anti-aircraft
missiles, he was among those who investigated the first intrusions at
White Sands (described earlier). He became base commander at the
Atomic Energy Commission installation at Sandia Base, Albuquerque,
New Mexico (July 1947-February 1951).
- Rear Admiral Sydney Souers - first Director of Central Intelligence
(January-June 1946), he became executive secretary of the National
Security Council in September 1947.
- Lieutenant General Nathan F. Twining - as noted earlier, Twining was
commanding general of Air Materiel Command, which in 1947 confirmed
the reality of the flying discs.
- General Hoyt Vandenberg - second Director of Central Intelligence (June
1946-May 1947), he had been involved in the ‘ghost rocket’ investigations
and attended meetings with President Truman and others to assess the
Roswell situation.
In UFO research, confusion surrounds the code names MAJESTIC,
MAGIC and MAJIC. In the Second World War, ‘Operation Majestic’ had
been an alternate plan for the invasion of the southernmost Japanese home
island of Kyushu (averted by the atomic bomb). It was rejected in favour
of ‘Olympic’, though elements of Majestic were incorporated into deception
plans such as ‘Pastel’.2 In an August 1946 top-secret message - contained,
coincidentally, in the War Department ‘ghost rockets’ file - the Olympic
code word is referenced as having been cancelled and substituted with
Majestic in August 1945. The questioner asks if restrictions still applied to
Majestic.3 Both code words had been declassified by the Joint Chiefs of
Staff (JCS) in October 1945, came the response.4
According to another top-secret report, however, the Majestic code
name was reinstated in October 1952 as a ‘Joint Outline Emergency War
Logistic Plan MAJESTIC’, drawn up by the JCS in the event of war with the
Soviets.5 Currently, there is ‘Blue MAJIC’, the Air Force Space Command’s
Blue force Microsatellite Areawide Joint Information and Communication
Systems.
Although code names may be cancelled and later reused, it seems
improbable that Majestic - per se - would have been used in connection
with a briefing paper for Eisenhower on the alien contingency, especially
within two months of Plan Majestic.
The code word MAGIC was used early in the Second World War. As
relations between the United States and Japan continued to deteriorate, by
August 1940 American cryptographers had solved the Japanese Foreign
Ministry’s top-secret codes. Magic entailed ‘the interception, decryption,
and translation on a current basis of secret Japanese worldwide diplomatic
messages’.6 Subsequently, Magic was replaced by the code names ‘Red’, and
then ‘Purple’.
Kevin Randle and Donald Schmitt cite General Exon’s reference to a
group he dubbed ‘The Unholy Thirteen’ - not knowing the actual name of
the group - which was established following the Roswell incident. ‘One thing
that Exon made clear,’ state Randle and Schmitt, ‘was that no elected officials,
outside the President, were ever included as a member of the top echelon.’7
In late 1950 the Canadian Government established its first secret
committee to investigate aerial phenomena, code-named Project Magnet
and headed by Wilbert Smith as engineer-in-charge. In a three-page top-
secret 1950 Canadian Government memorandum, senior radio engineer
Wilbert B. Smith stated as follows:
a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United
States Government, rating higher even than the H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being
made by a small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to
be of tremendous significance .. .8
Dr Bush’s background in coordinating top-secret research projects and
his concern (shared with General Groves) with the compartmentalization
of classified information, would have made him the ideal choice to head a
special committee following (or perhaps preceding) the Roswell incident.
Wilbert Smith had obtained his information from Dr Robert I. Sarbacher,
an American scientist and consultant to the Research and Development
Board. In a letter to researcher William Steinman, Sarbacher fists names of
several of those involved, following the recoveries of alien craft and bodies
(see p. 134). In his meeting with Sarbacher in September 1950, Wilbert
Smith learned more (see following chapter) and, according to his son,
eventually gained access to inspect the bodies of the deceased. I asked James
Smith if he could provide me with some details. ‘Nothing further available,’
he replied. ‘He was under the Official Secrets Act and gave me no further
details.’9
In a recorded conversation with nuclear physicist Stanton T. Friedman,
Sarbacher confirmed that British-born scientist Dr Eric A. Walker had
attended all the meetings dealing with the recovery of craft and bodies.10
Dr Walker was a Harvard graduate whose posts included executive secretary
of the Research and Development Board, chairman of the National Science
Foundation’s Committee for Engineering, chairman of the Institute for
Defense Analyses and President of Pennsylvania State University. In a
recorded telephone conversation in 1987 with William Steinman, Dr
Walker also confirmed that he had attended meetings at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base (around 1949-50) concerning the military recovery of flying
saucers and bodies of occupants.
‘Did you ever hear of the MJ-12 group?’ asked Steinman.
‘Yes, I know of MJ-12. I have known of them for forty years,’ replied
Walker. ‘You are delving into an area that you can do absolutely nothing
about... Why don’t you just leave it alone and drop it?’11
As reported in Above Top Secret, I corresponded at some length with
Admiral Stansfield Turner, Director of the CIA (DCI) from 1977 to 1981,
and asked him several times if he was aware of a Majestic-12 group. This
was the only question he refrained from responding to.12 However, Admiral
Bobby Ray Inman, Deputy Director of the CIA (DDCI) from 1981 to 1982,
who had been director of Naval Intelligence as well as of the National
Security Agency, indirectly acknowledged the existence of‘MJ-12’ during a
brief meeting with investigator Bob Oechsler in Maryland in May 1988, at
a ground-breaking ceremony for the National Security Agency’s new
supercomputer facility for the Institute for Defense Analyses, of which
Inman was a former director.13
Andy Kissner believes that the acronyms MAJIC and MJ-12 could have
been formed from Manhattan [Engineering District] Joint [Chiefs of Staff]
Integrated Command, [Project Y, Division Z, Group] 12.141 asked Rebecca
Ullrich, Sandia Laboratories’ historian, if any of these acronyms had
surfaced in the archives. ‘We have no records pertaining to any entities
called MJ-12, MAJIC-12, or MAJESTIC 12,’ she replied.15 Another possibility 
(suggested by Dr Robert M. Wood) is that MAJIC was formed from
Military Assessment of the Joint Intelligence Committee.
Whatever its precise code name, it remains abundantly clear, despite
the lack of official recognition, that a highly secret committee (perhaps one
of several) was established in 1947 to deal with the greatest secret on Earth
- a secret which remains classified to this day.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Friedman, Stanton T., Top	Secret/Majic, Marlowe, New York, 1996, pp. 28-33.
2. McCombs, Don and Worth, Fred. L., World War II Superfacts, Warner Books,
1983, p. 434.
3. War Department message (Top Secret) from the office of the Commander-in-
Chief, Air Force, Pacific, 7 August 1946.
4. War Department message (Restricted), 8 August 1946.
5. ‘Report by the Joint Logistics Plans Committee to the Joint Chiefs of Staff on
Joint Logistic Plan for “Majestic”’ (Top Secret Security Information), from the
Chief of Naval Operations to various US Navy commanders-in-chief and
commanders, 2 October 1952.
6. Loureiro, Pedro, ‘The Imperial Japanese Navy and Espionage: The Itaru
Tachibana Case’, International Journal of Intelligence and Counterintelligence, Vol.
3, No. 1, Spring 1989, p. 106.
7. Randle, Kevin D., and Schmitt, Donald R., UFO Crash at Roswell, Avon, New
York, 1991, pp. 231-4.
8. Memorandum to the Controller of Telecommunications (Top Secret), from W.B.
Smith, Senior Radio Engineer, Department of Transport, Ottawa, 21 November
1950.
9. Letter, September 2005.
10. The Wilbert Smith Archives (CD), edited by Grant Cameron.
www.presidentialufo.com/smith.htm
11. Transcript of William Steinman’s telephone interview with Dr Eric Walker, 30
August 1987, published in UFOs, MJ-12 and the Government: A Report on
Government Involvement in UFO Crash Retrievals, by Grant Cameron and T. Scott
Crain Jr, Mutual UFO Network, PO Box 369, Morrison, CO 80465-0369, 1991,
pp. 8-10.
12. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, Sidgwick 8c
Jackson, London, 1987, p. 359.
13. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret, Century, London, 1991, p. 187.
14. Kissner, J. Andrew, Peculiar Phenomenon: Early United States Efforts to Collect and
Analyze Flying Discs.
15. Email, 16 September 2005.


from another planet. Scully claimed that the preliminary study of
one saucer which fell into the hands of the United State Government
indicated that they operated on new[?] hitherto unknown scientific
principles. It appeared to me that our own work in geo-magnetics
might well be the linkage between our technology and the technology
by which the saucers are designed and operated. If it is assumed that
our geo-magnetic investigations are in the right direction, the theory
of operation of the saucers becomes quite straightforward, with all
observed features expained qualitatively and  quantitatively.
I made discrete enquires through the Canadian Embassy
staff in Washington who were able to obtain for me the following
information:a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in tho United
States Government, rating higher even than H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
e. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort in being
made by a small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the united States authorities
to be of tremendous significance.
An extract from a previously Top Secret memorandum to the Controller of
Telecommunications from Wilbert Smith, Senior Radio Engineer with the Canadian
Government’s Department of Transport, 21 November 1950. This information was
revealed to Smith by Dr Robert I. Sarbacher, an American consultant to the Joint
Research and Development Board. (Department of Transport, Canada)

A Top Secret memorandum relating to the information acquired by Wilbert Smith
from Dr Sarbacher. (Department of Transport, Canada)


TOP SECRET
Mr. Edwards should write to the Dept of National Defence Ottawa
requesting that clearance may be obtained for Mr. W. B. Smith to visit
the approptiate Service in the United States to discuss the use of
terrestrial Magnetic forces in relation to aerodynamic problems
associated With saucer shaped objects.
In the covering request, the Department of Transport should relate in as
much detail as possible the objects of this study and also detail the
work which has been carried out in the geophysical field in Canada.
Information unofficial- obtained from Dr. Robert I Sarbacher, dean of
the Graduate school, Georgia University.


Washington Institute of Technology
OCEANOGRPHIC AND PHYSICAL SCIENCESDR. ROBERT I. SARBACHER
PRESIDENT AND CHAIRMAN OF BOARD
November 29, 1983
Mr. William Steinman
15043 Rosalita Drive
La Mirada, California 90638
Dear Mr. Steinman:
I am sorry I have taken so long in answering your letters.
However, I have moved my office and have had to make a
number of extended trips.
To answer your last question in your letter of October 14,
1983, there is no particular reason I feel I shouldn't or
couldn't answer any or all of your questions. I am delighted 
to answer all of them to the best of my ability.
You listed some of your questions in your letter of
September 12th. I will attempt to answer them as you had
listed them.
1. Relating to my own experience regarding recovered 
flying saucers, I had no association with any
of the people involved in the recovery and have no knowledge 
regarding the dates of the recoveries. If I had I
would send it to you.
2. Regarding verification that persons you list
were involved, I can only say	this:
John von Neuman was	definitely 	involved.	Dr.
Vannever Bush was definitely involved, and I think Dr.
Robert Oppenheimer also.
My association with the Research and Development 
Board under Doctor Compton during the Eisenhower
administration was rather limited so that although I had
been invited to participate in several discussions associated 
with the reported recoveries, I could not personally
attend the meetings. I am sure that they would have asked
Dr. von. Braun, and the others	that you listed	were probably
asked and may or may not have	attended.	This	is all I know
for sure.
900 BRAZILIAN AVENUE  PALM BEACH FLORIDA  33460   303-03301116

Answer from Dr. Sarbacher 
Received 12-5-83
The first page of a letter to researcher William Steinman from Dr Robert Sarbacher
confirming the recovery of alien craft and bodies. (William Steinman)


=====================================================================
9. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

On 7 October 1975, two months after Robert Suffern witnessed a landed
UFO and its occupant at Bracebridge, Ontario, he and his wife were visited
by three officials who arrived in an Ontario Provincial Police car, by
prearranged appointment. The three men, in full uniform, bore impressive
credentials from the Canadian Forces in Ottawa, the US Air Force, the
Pentagon and the US Office of Naval Intelligence.
The officials showed Suffern a number of gun-camera photographs and
other data on UFOs, and implied that the United States and Canadian
governments had known all about the alien issue since 1943, supposedly as
a result of a US Navy experiment involving radar invisibility - the legendary
‘Philadelphia Experiment’ when the USS Eldridge (DE-173) is alleged to
have inadvertently teleported from Philadelphia to Norfolk, Virginia. Suf-
fem was informed that contact with aliens was established as a direct result
of that incident, and the officials said they had been cooperating with the
aliens ever since then. To Suffern’s astonishment, the officials knew the
precise time of the UFO landing he witnessed, which had not been revealed
to anyone.1

KOREA

In September 1950, during the Korean War, three US Navy fighter-
bombers, each with a crew of pilot and radar gunner, had taken off from
an aircraft carrier to attack an enemy convoy. At about 07:00, at 10,000
feet, the radar gunner in one of the planes was startled by ‘two large
circular shadows coming along the ground’ at a high rate of speed. ‘When
I saw the shadows,’ he said, ‘I looked up and saw the objects which were
causing them.’
They were huge. I knew that as soon as I looked at my radar screen.
They were also going at a good clip - about 1,000 or 1,200 mph. My
radar display indicated one and a half miles between the objects and
our planes when the objects suddenly seemed to halt, back up and
begin a ‘jittering’, or ‘fibrillating’ motion. My first reaction, of course,
was to shoot. I readied my guns, which automatically readied the gun
cameras ... however, the radar went haywire. The screen ‘bloomed’
and became very bright. I tried to reduce the brightness ... but this
had no effect. I realized my radar had been jammed and was useless. I
then called my carrier ... I said the code name twice, and my receiver
was out - blocked by a strange buzzing noise. I tried two other
frequencies, but couldn’t get through. Each time I switched frequencies
the band was clear for a moment, then the buzzing began.
While this was going on the objects were still jittering out there
ahead of us, maintaining our speed. About the time that I gave up
trying to radio the carrier the things began manoeuvring around our
planes, circling above and below ... I had never seen anything like
them before, and I learned after we reached our carrier that the other
men in that flight were of the same opinion. They were huge ...
Before my radar set was put out of commission, I used the indicated
range plus points of reference on the canopy to determine their size.
They were at least 600 or possibly 700 feet in diameter.
The objects had a ‘silvered mirror’ appearance, with a reddish
glow surrounding them. They were shaped somewhat like a coolie’s
hat, with oblong ports from which emanated a copper-green coloured
light which gradually shifted to pale pastel-coloured lights and back to
the copper-green again. Above the ports was a shimmering red ring
which encircled the top portion ... In the middle of the underside
was a circular area, coal black and non-reflective ...
When the objects seemingly had finished their ‘inspection’ of the Navy
planes, they took off in the same direction from which they had come, and
disappeared at a high rate of speed.
The above account was related by the witness in person to Jim and Coral
Lorenzen, who had held Air Force or defence-related jobs and founded the
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO). Asked by Jim if any other
peculiarities had been noted, the witness said that he and all the men in that
flight had noticed a ‘feeling of warmth’ in the planes, and also what he
described as ‘a high-frequency’ vibration.
‘The six men were questioned individually and then in a group by
combat intelligence,’ wrote Coral. ‘They were thoroughly tested for radiation,
as was their aircraft. The men never knew the results of the Geiger-counter
tests, but they did learn that the instrument dials on their [planes] had
become extremely luminous and all the gun-camera film had been fogged
or exposed, although none of the crews had used either guns or cameras.’2

CLOSE ENCOUNTER NEAR NEWFOUNDLAND

Graham Bethune, a US Naval Reserve pilot who qualified in over 100
different types of aircraft, was a ‘VIP Transport Plane Commander’ and
held a Top-Secret clearance. Following a high-level Defense Department
meeting in Washington, DC, in February 1951, Bethune, then a lieutenant,
was one of two officers sent to Keflavik, Iceland, on a classified mission to
meet Icelandic Government and other officials who had requested the
United States to provide troops to protect them from a possible Soviet
invasion. The Icelanders had expressed particular concern about sightings
of unusual aircraft, which the Americans had told them were ‘possibly
experimental Russian bombers’. ‘Our mission,’ said Bethune, ‘was to work
out the logistics for flying in troops and supporting them.’
Asked by Bethune to describe the unidentified aircraft being observed
over Iceland, a senior official from the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
replied that ‘they were very large, circular, with many lights, at times a fiery
ring around the perimeter, made no noise and could move out of sight
instantly’. Bethune explained that his team was from the Naval Air Test
Center at Patuxent River, Maryland, where secret aircraft were tested, and
that he was unaware of any such aircraft.
On 10 February at 00:55, Bethune was co-piloting a four-engine
Douglas R5D (DC-4 version) Navy transport on its return flight from
Keflavik to Naval Air Station Argentia, Newfoundland, when he and his
crew caught sight of ‘what gave the appearance of approaching a distant
city at night’. Bethune was in the left seat at the time, getting a route check
in order to qualify as plane commander. Another crew, as well as thirty-
one passengers, were on board.3
‘While flying in the left seat at 10,000 feet on a true course of 230
degrees at a position of 49-50 North 50-03 West, I observed a glow of light
below the horizon about 1,000 to 1,500 feet above the water,’ Bethune’s
statement to Naval Intelligence begins. ‘Its bearing was about 2 o’clock ...
I called it to the attention of Lieutenant Kingdon in the right hand seat...
We both observed its course and motion for about 4 or 5 minutes before
calling it to the attention of the other crew members...’
Suddenly its angle of attack changed, its altitude and size increased as
though its speed was in excess of 1,000 miles per hour. It closed in so
fast that the first feeling was we would collide in mid air. At this time
its angle changed and the colour changed. It then [appeared] definitely
circular and reddish orange on its perimeter. It reversed its course and
tripled its speed until it was last seen disappearing over the horizon.
Because of our altitude and misleading distance over water it is almost
impossible to estimate its size, distance and speed. A rough estimate
would be at least 300 feet in diameter, over 1,000 miles per hour in
speed, and approached to within 5 miles of the aircraft.4
Bethune had disengaged the autopilot, anticipating that he might have
to dive to avoid the disc. Before disappearing, it appeared to be pacing the
plane. ‘At this time we could see its shape, a dome and the coronal
discharge around the perimeter.
‘When I began to reset the autopilot I noticed the magnetic compass
oscillating back and forth ... the two ADFs (auto direction finder) needles
were oscillating radically, pointing toward the UFO. Our remote compass
was also oscillating. The autopilot hydraulically-operated directional gyro
and the vacuum-operated directional gyro were both stable.’
Bethune went aft to check the cabin. ‘I noticed the passengers on the
right side watching the craft, and Commander M., a Navy medical officer
(psychiatrist), was back at the galley ... When I asked him if he saw what
we saw, he replied: “Yes, it was a flying saucer. I did not look at it because
I do not believe in them.’”
‘When we landed at Argentia, Newfoundland, we were met by USAF
Capt. Paulsen who was to interrogate us. His questions indicated we were
not the first to have an encounter in the general area .. .’5
During the two-hour debriefing, the pilots tried to obtain some
information about the flying discs. ‘What’s behind all this?’ asked Bethune.
‘Up to now, I believed the Air Force. You people say there aren’t any flying
saucers. After a scare like that we’ve got a right to know.’
‘I’m sorry,’ replied Paulsen, ‘I can’t answer any questions.’
The completed intelligence reports were ‘flashed’ to four commanders,
with an information copy to the Director of Naval Intelligence. At the
Naval Air Test Center, pilots and crew members were interrogated, and
made out individual reports as requested by Naval Intelligence.6
A few months later, Bethune learned that Gander airfield radar had
tracked the object at a speed in excess of 1,800 mph.7 He was to learn more.
In May 1951 Bethune was visited at his home, unannounced, by an
officer from Naval Intelligence, explaining that he wished to discuss the
‘encounter’ with a flying saucer. As in the 1975 Ontario case, Bethune was
shown photographs of UFOs:
He had a binder holding photographs of UFOs interspersed with what
seemed to be printed material. As he listened to my story, he was
writing on a note pad and thumbing through the binder. Occasionally
he would stop at a photograph and show it to me, asking if it looked
like my UFO ... One photograph seemed a good representation of the
UFO we had encountered, and it was noted as being 30 feet in
diameter ... I told him it was much too small. So he went to another
picture that was marked as having a diameter of 100 feet, and asked,
‘Did this look like what you saw?’ (It did not.)
As I went through the details of my encounter, he listened with
keen attention. I recall telling him that the colour of the lights on the
rim of the object could best be compared to the colour of the electrical
discharge of the commutator on an automobile generator when seen
in the dark.
I asked where these reports ended up. He replied that they would
first go to a committee of twelve men who would screen them for
‘national security impact’. If it was found to have such impact, it
would never be sent elsewhere. Cases where no such impact was found
by this committee were sent to the Air Force or Navy offices handling
ordinary UFO cases ...
When he was getting ready to leave, he pulled out a magazine and
opened it to a page where an article began. He said something like, ‘I
think you’ll find this interesting’. Then he gave me the magazine, and
left... It was Pageant magazine for October 1950, and it contained an
article called ‘Flying Saucers’ written by Frank Scully.
Coincidentally, although he didn’t know it at the time, Bethune had
met one of Scully’s principal informers at Big Springs, Texas, in 1949, after
landing in a PBM-5A Mariner amphibian. Parked beside him was a war
surplus private plane and its pilot, who said he was carrying a magnetic
anomaly detector (MAD) for oil exploration (a device developed by the
Navy during the Second World War for detecting submarines). Shortly,
the owner of the plane and equipment arrived and Bethune was introduced
- to Silas Newton.8

GIANT USOS NEAR THE IRANIAN COAST

As is the case with UFOs, numerous accounts of USOs - unidentified
submarine or submersible objects - have been reported for centuries. The
following is abbreviated from a report by Commander J.R. Bodler, US
Naval Reserve, published in a Navy journal early in 1952. Unfortunately,
no actual date is given for the occurrence.
‘My vessel had passed through the Strait of Hormuz, bound for India,’
wrote Commander Bodler. ‘The night was bright and clear. The Third Mate
called me to the bridge, saying he had observed something I ought to see.
About four points on the port bow, toward the coast of Iran, there was a
luminous band which seemed to pulsate ... binoculars showed that the
luminous area was definitely below the horizon, in the water, and drawing
nearer to the vessel.’
At a distance of about a mile from the ship, it was apparent that the
disturbance was roughly circular in shape, about 1,000 to 1,500 feet in
diameter. The pulsations could now be seen to be caused by a revolving
motion of the entire pattern about a rather ill-defined centre; with
streaks of light like the beams of searchlights, radiating outward from
the centre and revolving (in a counter-clockwise direction) like the
spokes of a gigantic wheel.
For several minutes the vessel occupied the approximate centre of
the phenomenon. Slightly curved bands of light crossed the bow,
passed rapidly down the port side from bow to stern, and up from aft,
forward. The luminosity was sufficient to make portions of the vessel’s
upper works quite visible ... the effect was weird in the extreme; with
the vessel seeming to occupy the centre of a huge pinwheel whose
‘spokes’ consisted of phosphorescent luminance revolving rapidly
about the vessel as a hub.
The central ‘hub’ of the phenomenon drew gradually to starboard,
and passed aft; becoming more and more distant... While it was still
in sight, several miles astern, and appearing, by this time, as a pulsating
bank of light, a repetition of the same manifestation appeared on the
starboard bow ... slighdy smaller in area than the first, and a trifle
less brilliant. Its centre passed slowly aft on the starboard side, with
the pattern of revolving, luminous ‘spokes’ clearly defined.
It was my impression that the actual illumination was caused by the
natural phosphorescence in the water, periodically stimulated by waves
of energy. The shape of the ‘pinwheel’, the well-defined ‘spokes’, the
revolution about the centre, all preclude the possibility of this phenomenon 
being caused by schools of fish, porpoises, or similar cause.
About half an hour later, a third such ‘manifestation’ was observed,
much closer to the vessel than the others; but this one, noted Commander
Bodler, was much smaller and less brilliant, with a diameter not over 800
to 1,000 feet.9
In his book on USOs, Invisible Res, Ivan T. Sanderson, a former
British Royal Navy intelligence officer, cites this and many other remarkably
similar cases. The theory of luminescent plankton being responsible for the
phenomenon was mulled over at length, though both Sanderson and an
associate, Dr Wallace Minto, rejected the hypothesis.10
According to a navigator who flew many strategic reconnaissance
missions for the Navy during the late 1940s and early 1950s, unidentified
craft were the subject of frequent investigations. ‘Back in those days,’ the
source told researchers William Jones and Dr Irena Scott, ‘we were
frequently assigned to fly to various locations around the world to help
indigenous personnel conduct UFO investigations. Many of these missions
were to South America. There was a lot going on there, apparently.’
‘They would fly into the country, pick up a team of investigators and
then fly them into the region where the report or reports were to be taken,’
Scott and Jones explained.
In effect, it seemed that his team acted as ‘truck drivers’ for groups of
indigenous military personnel who did not have access to their own
aircraft. The final reports were flown back with them to Turkey
[Adana] and then sent back to the Pentagon (apparently not to Project
Blue Book) in Washington, DC, through Oslo, Norway. When asked
why they were sent via this [unusual] route, he replied, ‘For diplomatic
purposes’. They were classified ‘Secret’ before being forwarded. His
group did no analysis of the reports they collected, and no information
about what they were used for ever came back to them.11
‘Possible connections of Submarine contacts with flying discs’ is the
subject of a US Air Force Intelligence (AFOIN) memo to the Air Technical
Intelligence Center (ATIC), dated 24 April 1952 and classified secret. The
memo, from AFOIN-X(SG) - a ‘special group’ dealing with the subject,
referred to later - is addressed to Colonel Frank Dunn, then commander
of the ATIC. It begins: ‘Attached are nine (9) reports of submarine contacts,
ONI [Office of Naval Intelligence] serials listed below...’ The serial
numbers, however, are replaced with nine sets of asterisks, and the
remainder of the memo is blanked out, apart from a note stating that the
memo is filed under ‘ONI Reports & Navy Publications’ (see p. 145). My
efforts to acquire further details via Navy sources in Washington have so
far drawn a blank. The submarine force remains true to its reputation as
‘the silent service’. Indeed, US Naval Intelligence has released suspiciously
few UFO/USO reports, under terms of the Freedom of Information Act,
compared to the other armed services.

MULTIPLE CRAFT OBSERVED NEAR HAWAII

One night late in May 1952, formations of strange aircraft were observed
from a Canadian ‘pocket ship’ warship, HMCS	,	en route from
Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, to Guam, and thence (in June) to serve in the
Korean War. The following report is by Commander George R. McFarlane,
Royal Canadian Navy (retired), who was Officer of the Watch at the time:
At about 0100, I saw a single white light on the port bow at about 30
degrees elevation at a visual range of about a mile. It moved from right
to left at a rapid rate. It had a halo around it due to the [thin] mist. I
assumed it to be a low-flying aircraft. It did not appear on the Sperry
navigational radar. The air defence radar was not in service ... I thought
it unusual to see a low-flying aircraft, which at this time was about 100
miles from Hawaii. There were no scheduled military aircraft listed on
the operational schedule for this area. A short time later another light
appeared from the same direction passing at high speed. It was not
picked up on the navigational radar either, which was not surprising as
the radar detection lobe covers the surface but not the sky...
At about 0200 I saw the first of many strange lights in the sky.
The vast majority were in formation; usually quarter line [half of a ‘V’
formation] and all appeared on the port side. Many were going in
groups of three, some in groups of five or six. They appeared and
disappeared instantly at the same speed a computer screen operates.
They moved from time to time and the numbers changed frequently. 
At one time I counted more than thirty. I recall discussing
the possible identity of these lighted objects with the signalman on
watch with me. He thought they were very strange. Suddenly one of
these objects appeared at close range on our port bow at a low
elevation. It was disc-shaped and consisted of a very bright light with
black windows running around the whole side which was visible to us.
It maintained perfect station on us for at least fifteen minutes.
I scanned the object with binoculars attempting to see into it but
saw nothing. I counted the windows and recall there were about two
dozen. They were very large and close together and completely black.
Although the body of the object glowed very brightly it did not prevent
me from looking directly at it. The object appeared more oval in shape
than round. And then suddenly it was gone. There was no sound
made at any time.
There were still some objects visible far off on the port side. They
also had disappeared by 0300. It was at this time that I realized that I
hadn’t informed the captain nor anyone else. I did not debrief any of
the watch who were at other stations. It was conduct so unlike my
usual practice that I was left quite disturbed ... The problem then was
what to enter in the ship’s log! I decided to state that many meteorites
had been sighted during the watch .. .12
McFarlane made a sensible decision regarding the log entry. As confirmed 
later, when naval officers make factual reports relating to observations
of UFOs or USOs, the logbook entries are almost invariably altered or deleted
altogether (presumably after the reports have been forwarded elsewhere).
Such a policy seems to have been adopted by a number of the world’s navies
since the early 1950s, implying a degree of international collaboration among
heads of naval intelligence to deal with the problem - a problem that was
to become increasingly pervasive.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Berlitz, Charles and Moore, William, The Philadelphia Experiment: Project
Invisibility, Souvenir, London, 1990, pp. 173-7. Bob Beckwith, a retired US Navy
and Office of Strategic Services intelligence officer, whom I met in 2005, contends
that the actual ship involved in the experiment was not the USS Eldridge (DE-
173) but USS Martha’s Vineyard (IX-97), an experimental minesweeper
commanded by William W. Boyton, USNR; nor was the ship ‘teleported’ from
Philadelphia to Norfolk, Virginia, but supposedly moved back two weeks in time
(!) to Newport, Rhode Island. See LTT:	Teleportation	& Time Travel by
Robert W. Beckwith, Beckwith Electric Co. Inc., 6190 118th Avenue North, Largo,
FL 33773-3724, published in 2002.
2. Lorenzen, Coral E., Flying Saucers: The Startling Evidence of the Invasion from
Outer Space, Signet, New York, 1966, pp. 30-2.
3. Bethune, Cdr. Graham, UFO in the North Atlantic: February 10, 1951, privately
published, 1991.
4. Memorandum report (Confidential) taken from Lt. Graham E. Bethune, US Naval
Reserve, Fleet Logistic Air Wing, Air Transport Squadron One, US Naval Air
Station, Patuxent River, MD, for Commanding Officer, 10 February 1951.
5. Bethune, op. cit.
6. Keyhoe, Maj. Donald E., Flying Saucers: Top Secret, G.P. Putnam’s Sons, New
York, 1960, pp. 19-20.
7. UFO Investigator, National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP), October 1970, p. 3.
8. Bethune, op. cit
9. Bodler, Cdr. J.R., ‘Unexplained Phenomenon in the Sea\ Naval Institute
Proceedings, January 1952; reprinted in Fate magazine, September 1952.
10. Sanderson, Ivan T., Invisible Residents, World Publishing, Cleveland, OH 44102,
1971, pp. 96-114.
11. Jones, William and Scott, Dr Irena, ‘US Navy Support of UFO Research’. Mid-
Ohio Research Associates (MORA), PO Box 162, Dublin, OH 43017.
12. McLeod, Gavin, ‘Canadian Naval Officer has Close Encounter in Hawaiian
Waters’, UFOBC Quarterly, Vol. 3, No. 2, Spring 1998, pp. 18-19. www.ufobc.org


From: AFOIN-X(SG)
TO: ATIC
Ltr.
SUBJECT:  re Possible connection of Submarine contacts, with flying discs.
Dear Colonel Dunn	Attached are nine (9) reports of submarine contacts, OSI serials listed below:
An April 1952 report from a US Air Force Intelligence specialist UFO study
group - AFOIN-X(SG) - to Air Technical Intelligence Center, relating to nine
encounters with unknown objects reported by US Navy submarines to the Office
of Naval Intelligence (ONI). The nine reports have yet to be released.
(The National Archives, Washington)


A sketch by L. Schultz based on a report by a US Navy radar operator serving on an
aircraft carrier near the Philippines in 1957. ‘The entire top of the radar screen whited
out,’ said the officer. ‘Within seconds, the radio commentary from all the [accompanying]
four destroyers described a large, cylindrical metal object, located immediately above
our carrier. When I joined the over 3,000 men from five ships who were out on deck,
I was able to see a dark gray, cigar-shaped object, over 4,000 feet long and about
350 feet in diameter. The carrier captain refused to launch any jets to investigate...’
(The Communion Letter, Vol. 1, No. 2, 1989: PO Box 1975, Boulder, Colorado
80306-1975. © 1989, Wilson and Neff, Inc.)

=============================================================================
10. FIGHTER COMMAND

The fact that they can hover and accelerate away from the Earth’s
gravity again and even revolve around a V-2 in America (as reported
by their head scientist) shows they are far ahead of us. If they really
come over in a big way that might settle the capitalist-communist war.
If the human race wishes to survive they may have to band together.
Thus, in 1950, wrote Admiral of the Fleet Earl Mountbatten of Burma,
Supreme Allied Commander, Southeast Asia, during the Second World
War, and later Chief of the Defence Staff.1 Mountbatten showed a keen
interest in the subject, having had a sighting in the Pacific during the war,
as I learned from Air Marshal Sir Peter Horsley. Moreover, as reported in
Above Top Secret, an unknown flying machine complete with occupant is
said to have landed at his estate near Romsey in Hampshire in February
1955, witnessed by one of his workmen. After investigating the landing site
and interrogating the witness, Mountbatten wrote in a signed statement
that the workman ‘did not give me the impression of being the sort of man
who would be subject to hallucinations, or would in any way invent such a
story’.2
Mountbatten is also believed to have disclosed some fascinating information 
to the respected American journalist Dorothy Kilgallen. ‘I can
report today on a story which is positively spooky, not to mention chilling,’
she cabled from London in May 1955. ‘British scientists and airmen, after
examining the wreckage of one mysterious flying ship, are convinced these
strange aerial objects are not optical illusions or Soviet inventions, but are
flying saucers which originate on another planet.’ Her syndicated report
continues:
The source of my information is a British official of Cabinet rank who
prefers to remain anonymous. ‘We believe, on the basis of our inquiry
thus far, that the saucers were staffed by small men - probably less
than four feet tall. It’s frightening, but there is no denying the flying
saucers come from another planet.’
This official quoted scientists as saying a flying ship of this type
could not possibly have been constructed on Earth. The British
Government, I learned, is withholding an official report on the ‘flying
saucer’ examination at this time, possibly because it does not wish to
frighten the public .. .3
The late Gordon Creighton, former diplomat, intelligence officer and
long-time editor of Flying Saucer Review, told me that the crash was alleged
to have occurred during the Second World War, and that the story was
related to Kilgallen during a cocktail party given by Lord Mountbatten. No
further details are available to me. The crash may relate to one of the
several that are reported to have occurred during the war, as discussed in
Chapter 1.

THE FLYING SAUCER WORKING PARTY

In June 1950 a report on what was described as ‘Britain’s first flying saucer’
appeared in national newspapers. During an exercise from the Royal Air
Force (RAF) station at Tangmere, Sussex, the pilot of a Gloster Meteor
twin-jet fighter had reported an encounter with a ‘shining, revolving disc-like’ 
object that shot past the jet at high altitude. Intelligence officers
debriefed the pilot and a report was sent to Fighter Command.4
One paper asserted that the disc had been tracked on radar, but an Air
Ministry spokesman said this could not be confirmed, adding that there
was no evidence that what was seen ‘was anything more than natural or
meteorological phenomena’. The paper claimed that ‘a curtain of secrecy’
had been drawn over the subject.5
That summer, 1950, a top-secret meeting was held at the Air Ministry’s
Metropole Building in London to discuss the ‘flying saucers’. Chaired by
the Deputy Director of Intelligence, Hugh Young, attendees included
representatives of MI 10 (a military intelligence branch which had been
involved in the ‘ghost rocket’ investigations four years earlier) and various
scientific and technical intelligence specialists, such as Wing Commander
Myles Formby. The chairman explained that Sir Henry Tizard, Chief
Scientific Adviser at the Ministry of Defence, ‘felt that reports of flying
saucers should not be dismissed without some investigation’ and he had
agreed that a small Directorate of Scientific Intelligence/Joint Technical
Intelligence Committee ‘working party’ should be set up to investigate
future reports. It was agreed that the membership of the working party
should comprise representatives of various technical and scientific intelli-
gence branches of the Air Ministry, the Admiralty (Royal Navy) and the
War Office.6
RAF Fighter Command was advised that all future reports of aerial
phenomena were to be directed to the Flying Saucer Working Party
(FSWP). Over an eight-month period, the FSWP studied numerous reports
and liaised with its counterparts in the US and other countries. The US Air
Force’s Project Grudge team, as well as the CIA, were consulted.7 Grudge’s
negative conclusions undoubtedly contributed to the scepticism evinced by
some FSWP members: the astronomer Dr J. Allen Hynek, a consultant to
the CIA and the US Air Force, had concluded that 70 per cent of sightings
could be explained, the remainder either lacking sufficient evidence ‘or the
evidence offered suggested no explanation, though some of these might
conceivably be astronomical’.8
In my opinion, the FSWP team would not have been granted access to
the US Government’s most sensitive secrets relating to the subject. Air
Marshal Sir Peter Horsley, who had been given carte blanche to study any
UFO reports and interview pilots when serving as equerry to HRH Prince
Philip and HM the Queen in the 1950s, learned from Air Marshal Sir
Thomas Pike, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Fighter Command, that
the Americans were ‘extremely sensitive’ abou t the subject. Sir Peter was
also informed by Group Captain Bird-Wilson of the British Defence Staff
in Washington that the American authorities were not prepared to ‘give
information about any conclusions which they might have reached’.9
Sir Peter, whose later posts included Assistant Chief of Air Staff
(Operations) and Deputy Commander-in-Chief of Strike Command, told
me that although he held very high security clearances - including those
relating to nuclear weaponry - when he liaised with the Americans, his
requests for more information were always politely turned down.10
In its final report, classified Secret/Discreet, the FSWP reviewed its
investigations, including reports by RAF pilots. The most interesting of
these took place at the experimental aircraft test centre at the Royal Aircraft
Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire, in August 1950, reported by
Flight Lieutenant (later Wing Commander) Stan Hubbard and others:
F/Lt. Hubbard, an experienced pilot, said that at 1127 on 14th August,
1950, he and two other officers on the airfield heard a subdued
humming noise, like a model Diesel motor, which caused them to
search the sky overhead ... The other two officers saw nothing, but
F/Lt. Hubbard, who alone was wearing sun-glasses, states that he saw,
almost directly overhead at first sighting, an object which he describes
as a flat disc, light pearl grey in colour, about 50 feet in diameter at an
estimated height of 5,000 feet. He stated that he kept it under
observation for 30 seconds, during which period it travelled, at a speed
estimated at 800-1,000 mph, on a heading of 100°, executing a series
of S-tums, oscillating so that light reflection came from different
segments as it moved.
The second incident occurred during preparations for the annual
Farnborough Air Display:
F/Lt. Hubbard was also concerned in the other incident, when, at 1609
on 5th September, 1950, he was standing on the watch-tower with five
other officers, looking south in anticipation of the display by the
Hawker 1081. The sky was about 3/8 obscured, with a strato-cumulus
cloud base at 4,000 feet. At about the same moment, they all saw, at
an estimated range of 10-15 miles, an object which they described as
being a flat disc, light pearl grey in colour, and ‘about the size of a
shirt button.’ They all observed it to follow a rectangular flight path,
consisting in succession of a ‘falling leaf,’ horizontal flight ‘very fast,’
an upward ‘falling leaf,’ another horizontal stretch, and so on; finally
it dived to the horizon at great speed. The pattern was estimated to be
executed somewhere over the Guildford-Famham area.
F/Lt. Hubbard was satisfied that the objects he saw on the two
occasions were identical; the other observers agreed that the second
object fitted the description they had been given of the first.
‘We have no doubt that all these officers did in fact see a flying object
of some sort,’ concluded the FSWP. ‘We cannot, however, regard the
evidence of identification of this object, which was only seen at very long
range, with the earlier one as of any value whatever [and] find it impossible
to believe that an unconventional aircraft, manoeuvring for some time over
a populous area, could have failed to attract the attention of other observers.
We conclude that the officers in fact saw some quite normal aircraft,
manoeuvring at extreme visual range, and were led by the previous report
to believe it to be something abnormal...’“
Hubbard remained unaware of these conclusions until he read the
report after its declassification fifty years later. His comments on the report
and amendments to it are significant. The following is abbreviated from his
communications in 2001 with investigators David Clarke and Andy Roberts:
... The sound emanating from this strange object [14 August 1950]
increased markedly as it got closer, to a heavy, dominant humming
with an associated subdued crackling/hissing sound, which reminded
me strongly of the ambient noise inside a large active electrical power
generating station ... The exterior was almost entirely featureless
except that the periphery was edged by a band of a darker colour with
indistinct markings of some sort, which kept changing appearance, but
from which emanated strange bluish flickering points of light... I also
got the impression that either the main body or the peripheral rim
was rotating ... and most remarkably there was a concurrent smell of
ozone, that normally is associated with heavy electrical discharges ...
Whereas the FSWP stated that Hubbard had estimated the craft’s
altitude at 5,000 feet, Hubbard recalled that it was probably between 700
and 1,000 feet, and he guessed its diameter at about 100 feet - not 50 feet
as officially reported. As the saucer disappeared into the distance, he recalls
hearing screaming and shouting coming from the nearby flight dispatch
office, and that a terrified dispatcher came out and asked him if he had
seen ‘that awful thing’. During an interrogation by RAF scientific intelligence 
personnel shortly afterwards, Hubbard asked whether they had
spoken to the dispatcher. They refused to answer. Asked what he thought
about the craft and its origin, Hubbard replied that in his opinion ‘it was
not something that had been designed and built on this Earth’. From the
effect it had on the team, this was clearly the wrong answer.12
Regarding the second event on 5 September 1950, Hubbard added that
pandemonium prevailed, with people shouting for cameras and binoculars
(none were forthcoming). Among the other five witnesses was Wing Commander 
Frank Jolliffe, who was interviewed in ‘mufti’ (plain clothes) by
Wing Commander Myles Formby, who had come down to Famborough
with other scientific intelligence officers. Formby told Jolliffe that the department 
‘had never had a more reliable and authentic sighting’. So much for
the official conclusions, which were dismissed by Jolliffe as ‘ludicrous’, leading 
him to believe that ‘the Working Party was following a high-level cover-
up directive’. Indeed they were - and one instigated by the Americans.
Hubbard’s interview on this occasion was shorter as, interestingly, the
team had to catch a plane to Brazil to conduct other investigations. ‘We
were not given their names and we were strictly warned not to ask questions
of them, nor make enquiries elsewhere in the Ministry,’ he told Clarke and
Roberts. ‘We were also warned not to discuss the subject later, even
amongst ourselves in private ... I find it quite strange that so much
information that we thought critically relevant at the time was not only not
included but misrepresented and taken completely out of context, resulting
in flawed conclusions.’13
Significantly, when the FSWP presented their final report to the Air
Ministry, Dr H. Marshall Chadwell of the CIA’s Office of Scientific
Intelligence (OSI) was in attendance. In the Top Secret minutes of the last
meeting, G. Turney (of the Directorate of Scientific Intelligence) stated that
‘following the lead given by the Americans on this subject, the Report
should, he thought, have as little publicity as possible and outside circulation 
should be confined to one copy to Sir Henry Tizard’.14
The Working Party was disbanded in June 1951. ‘This is the report on
“Flying Saucers” for which you asked,’ wrote Dr Bertie Blount in a letter to
Sir Henry accompanying a copy of the report. ‘I hope that it will serve its
purpose.. .’15

EXERCISE MAINBRACE

During a major NATO operation (Exercise Mainbrace) in September 1952,
sightings were reported by observers from several countries, including those
from the Royal Air Force (RAF) and Royal Navy. At the height of the
Mainbrace operations, unknown aerial targets were tracked by radar at a
number of RAF stations, including Langton, Lincolnshire (reported by
Frank Redfem, father of author Nick), Neatishead, Norfolk, and Ventnor,
Isle of Wight.
At a secret underground radar station located near RAF Sandwich
(possibly RAF Ash) in Kent, Senior Aircraftman William Maguire reported
to Nick Redfern that a huge, unidentified object had been tracked on radar
high over the English Channel. ‘This thing just sat there and I recall that I
logged it on my sheets of paper for eighteen minutes,’ Maguire told
Redfern. ‘Eventually it split into three and zoomed off at some phenomenal
speed. One went north, one headed over to France and the other disappeared 
in the Eastern Balkans region ... I wasn’t on the height finder but I
remember the mechanics said that it was higher than anything we knew
about... afterwards we were told not to talk about it.’16
On 19 September 1952, at RAF Topcliffe, Yorkshire, two RAF officers
and three aircrew observed a silver flying disc as it followed a Meteor jet at
about 10,000 feet. ‘As the Meteor turned to start its landing run the object
appeared to be following it,’ said Flight Lieutenant John Kilburn. ‘But after
a few seconds it stopped its descent and hung in the air, rotating as if on
its own axis. Then it accelerated at an incredible speed to the west, turned
south-east and then disappeared.’ Witnesses all agreed that the object was
solid, appearing to be the size of a Vampire jet at a similar height.17
Captain Ruppelt relates that the Topcliffe incident was one of a number
in 1952 (including another report by an RAF pilot during Mainbrace) ‘that
caused the RAF to officially recognize the UFO’.18 During his tenure at Blue
Book, he says, ‘two RAF intelligence officers who were in the US on a
classified mission brought six single-spaced typed pages of questions they
and their friends wanted answered.’19 And no wonder. By this time, the
Foyal Air Force must have begun to realize that they had been sold short
on the ‘facts’ provided to them by the Americans in 1950-51.
On the afternoon of 21 October 1952, Flight Lieutenant Michael Swiney
and his student pilot, Royal Navy Lieutenant David Crofts, had taken off
from RAF Little Rissington, Gloucestershire, in a Meteor T.7 twin-jet
trainer for a high-level navigation exercise at 35,000 feet. Not long after
they broke out of cloud in the climb at around 13,000 to 14,000 feet,
Swiney got a shock. ‘I was rather horrified to see, framed in the front
windscreen of the Meteor, three circular white objects.’
Crofts, in the back seat, had not seen the objects. ‘Is your oxygen
connected?’ asked Swiney. ‘Mick,’ replied Crofts, ‘we’ve just done the
30,000-foot check, and you checked that your oxygen was alright, and I
told you that mine was OK. What’s the problem?’
‘Well, take a look straight ahead.’ Crofts did so, and spotted three very
bright dots.
‘My immediate reaction,’ said Swiney, ‘was three people coming down
in parachutes - and they’re right in front of the aircraft. So I took the
controls to turn the aeroplane away from what I perceived to be a
dangerous situation.’
‘As we went towards them,’ Crofts continued, ‘they of course got closer,
in that instead of being all in the small direct-vision window, they were
now above the windshield and either side of the windshield.’
‘They moved across us,’ explained Swiney. ‘They were perfectly circular,
but looking up at them as we continued on in the climb, they lost their
circular shape and took on more or less a flat plate shape.’
Crofts suggested going after the objects to find out what they were.
‘No,’ retorted Swiney. ‘Something like that happened [in] America and
the pilots were never seen again, and the aeroplane was, I believe, vaporized.’
Swiney called the base, reported ‘three unidentified objects’ and
requested assistance. ‘I have to admit - and I don’t mind admitting it -
that I was somewhat frightened by what I was witnessing. These objects
were then to the starboard side and had remained there. During the period
of looking at them and looking away, to see if by chance there was some
other explanation, when one looked back, they were nowhere to be seen -
as quickly as that.’
On returning to Little Rissington, the pilots were immediately separated. 
‘I was told to go to my room and that I was not to go to the Mess for
tea, and that all my meals would be brought to me in my cabin,’ reported
Crofts. ‘I wasn’t to talk to anyone at all until I had gone back to the Wing
Commander’s office the following morning at nine o’clock-’ The pilots were
interviewed separately by intelligence officers from the Air Ministry. ‘The
man that interviewed me was in plain clothes - he told me that the objects
had been picked up on radar.. .’20
Two Meteor F.8 fighters on twenty-four-hour Quick Reaction Alert
(QRA) at RAF Tangmere, Sussex, had apparently been scrambled to chase
the unknown targets, but were unable to make a contact. According to
Terry Barefoot, who had worked as a switchboard operator in the underground 
nerve centre of RAF Southern Sector at Rudloe Manor, Wiltshire
(known then as RAF Box), ‘three objects had entered our airspace going at
a fantastic speed, approximately 3,000 mph’, which led to an order to
scramble an entire squadron in an unsuccessful attempt to intercept them.21
Britain’s Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), the
Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) centre based at Cheltenham, is the equivalent
of America’s National Security Agency (NSA). Investigator Robin Cole
learned from a source that radio communications between the Meteor T.7
and Little Rissington had been intercepted by GCHQ, and it thus became
the first UFO case to be linked with the top-secret listening base.22 From
my own sources, I have learned that GCHQ continues to this day to share
communications on the UFO problem with the NSA.
On 3 November 1953 at 10:00, Flight Lieutenant Terry S. Johnson and
his navigator, Flying Officer Geoffrey Smythe, based at RAF West Mailing,
were flying a Vampire NF.10 night-fighter jet at 30,000 feet when Johnson
suddenly spotted a bright circular object dead ahead, about a mile away,
‘glowing with greater intensity around its periphery than at the centre.
After about 10 seconds it moved to our right, at very high speed. It did not
appear on Geoff s radar screen at any time.’
On landing at West Mailing, the men were questioned by Squadron
Commander Furze, who reported the sighting to the station commander,
Group Captain P. Hamley - who took a special interest, having sighted ‘foo-
fighters’ in the Second World War. ‘We were called up to the Air Ministry
to give a full account to the Duke of Edinburgh’s equerry [Air Marshal Sir
Peter Horsley]. We were told that Prince Philip [a qualified pilot] was
interested in flying saucers.’23
An incident similar to that reported by Swiney and Crofts occurred on
the afternoon of 14 October 1954. Flight Lieutenant James Salandin of No.
604 County of Middlesex Squadron, Royal Auxiliary Air Force, was flying
at 16,000 feet in a Meteor F.8 from RAF North Weald, Essex, when three
discs headed towards him on a collision course.
‘When they got to within a certain distance,’ he told me, ‘two of them
went off to my port side and the third object came straight towards me and
closed to within a few hundred yards, almost filling the windscreen, then it
went off towards my port side. I tried to turn round to follow, but it had
gone. It was saucer-shaped with a bun on top and a bun underneath, and
was silvery and metallic. There were no portholes, flames, or anything.’
‘Jimmy’ Salandin’s one regret is that there was insufficient time for him
to trigger the gun-camera button.24
British author Harold T. Wilkins was among the first to associate UFOs
with the proliferation of aircraft disasters in the 1950s. He cites a number
of these in one of his books, and quotes a statement by the British Undersecretary 
of State for Air that as many as 507 RAF jets crashed in 1952-4,
with great loss of life (112).25 Most of these accidents were probably
subsequently explained in conventional terms, though unexplained accidents
were not uncommon during this period. On 5 February 1952, for instance,
Lieutenant-Commander Malcolm Orr-Ewing, a test pilot, was killed when
his Supermarine Attacker FB.l suddenly pitched rapidly nose-down at low
altitude and crashed vertically in the Test Valley, Hampshire. No cause
could be determined from the wreckage. Bizarrely, the accident happened
exactly a year (almost to the minute) after another fatal Attacker crash.26
Compared with the US, there seem to have been far fewer aircraft
accidents and disappearances associated with UFOs in the UK. The most I
have gleaned thus far, from a former Ministry of Defence scientist, is that
during the 1950s a Meteor night-fighter sent to intercept a UFO simply
‘disappeared’. I doubt that it was an isolated incident.
We tend to ascribe to alien visitors either benevolent or hostile motives
- seldom both. In this regard, I can do no better than to quote Air Chief
Marshal Lord Dowding, Commander-in-Chief, RAF Fighter Command,
during the Battle of Britain:
I think that we must resist the tendency to assume that they all come
from the same planet, or that they are actuated by similar motives. It
might be that visitors from one planet wished to help us in our
evolution from the basis of a higher level to which they had attained.
Another planet might send an expedition to ascertain what have been
these terrible explosions which they have observed, and to prevent us
from discommoding other people beside ourselves by the new toys
with which we are so light-heartedly playing.
Other visitors might have come bent solely on scientific discovery
and might regard us with the dispassionate aloofness with which we
might regard insects found beneath an upturned stone.. .27

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Ziegler, Philip, Mountbatten: The Official Biography, Collins, London, 1985, p. 494.
2. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, Sidgwick &
Jackson, London, 1987; Morrow, New York, 1988. See also Beyond Top Secret: The
Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson/Pan Macmillan, London,
1996/1997.
3. Los Angeles Examiner, 23 May 1955.
4. Daily Herald, London, 7 June 1950.
5. Daily Mail, 7 June 1950.
6. The National Archives, DEFE 41/74, Minutes, DSI/JT1C, 1950-51 (Secret/Top
Secret).
7. Clarke, David and Roberts, Andy, Out of the Shadows: UFOs, The Establishment
and The Official Cover Up, Piatkus, London, 2002, pp. 77-80.
8. ‘Unidentified Flying Objects’, Directorate of Scientific Intelligence and Joint
Technical Intelligence Committee, Report No. 7, June 1951 (Secret/Discreet), The
National Archives, DEFE 44/119.
9. Horsley, Peter, Sounds From Another Room, Leo Cooper, London, 1997,
pp. 173-4.
10. Personal interview, Broughton, Hampshire, 16 May 2000.
11. ‘Unidentified Flying Objects’.
12. Clarke and Roberts, op. cit., pp. 87-9.
13. Ibid., pp. 90-3.
14. The National Archives, DEFE 41/75, Minutes, DSI/JTIC 11th Joint Meeting, 19
June 1951 (Top Secret).
15. The National Archives, DEFE 44/1, letter from B.K. Blount to Sir Henry Tizard,
26 June 1951.
16. Redfern, Nick, ‘UFOs on Radar - Remarkable New Data!’, UFO Magazine (UK),
January/February 2000, pp. 9-12.
17. Sunday Dispatch, London, 21 September 1952.
18. Ruppelt, Edward J., The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Doubleday, New
York, 1956, p. 196.
19. Ibid., p. 130.
20. The British UFO Files, a documentary by David Howard and Madoc Roberts,
produced by Rik Hall. A Barkingmad Production for Channel Five, 2004.
21. Clarke, David and Roberts, Andy, ‘The Little Rissington Incident’, Magazine
(UK), February 2003, pp. 6-7.
22. Cole, Robin D., GCHQ and the UFO Co, privately published, 1997.
Available from the author at The Flat, Sheldon, Battledown Approach,
Cheltenham, GL52 6RA, UK.
23. Williams, Justin, ‘The West Mailing Incident’, Kent Messenger, 19 April 1996.
24. Personal interview, London, 10 October 1985.
25. Wilkins, Harold T., Flying Saucers Uncenso, Arco, London, 1956, p. 137.
26. Burnet, Charles, ‘Supermarine Superpriority’, Aeroplane, Vol. 27, No. 4, March
1999, p. 77.
27. Sunday Dispatch, London, 11 July 1954.


TOP SECRET
WING COMMANDER FORMBY suggested that No.2 should
read:	 "To examine from now on the evidence on which
reports of British origin of phenomena attributed to
"Flying Saucers" are based".
He also suggested a new No.4. as follows:
"To keep in touch with American occurrences and
evaluation of such."
After discussion it was agreed to amend the Terms
of Reference accordingly.
WING COMMANDER FORMBY said that, as requested, he
had informed Headquarters, Fighter Command, of the
existence of this Working Party.
Minutes from meetings of Britain’s ‘Flying Saucer Working Party’, from 1950 (above)
and 1951. (The National Archives, London)


8. UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
The JOINT MEETING had before them a Report by the "Flying Saucers" Working Party.
MR. TURNEY said that he thought that the document should-be
regarded as a final report by the Working Party and in view of
the conclusions reached, suggested that it should now be dissolved.
DSI/JTIC Report No. 7.
	TOP	SECRET
He went on to say, that following the lead given by the
Americans on this subject, the Report should he thought, have
as little publicity as possible and outside circulation should
be confined to one copy to Sir Henry Tizard.The JOINT MEETING:
(i) Approved the Report.
(ii) Agreed that the "Flying Saucers"
Working Party should be dissolved
forthwith, and
(iii) Invited the Chairman to forward
a copy of the Report to
Sir Henry Tizard.


=======================================================================
11. UPSURGE

A remarkable sighting from the early 1950s was reported to investigators
Dr Irena Scott and Pete Hartinger by a decorated war hero (unidentified)
who had served with the US Army in the Pacific theatre in the Second
World War. The incident took place in daytime at the Columbus, Ohio,
Army Depot, later known as the Defense Construction and Supply Center
(DCSC).
‘He was standing on the dock of one of the warehouses with two other
men,’ Scott reports, ‘when he saw an object swoop down over the
warehouses. It came in so low that he thought it had come out of a hangar
at the nearby Curtiss-Wright aircraft manufacturing plant. He remembers
telling the others that this object must be ours, because it was flying so
close to the ground.’
The object was circular, but had two fins on the rear. He believed it
was 500-700 feet in altitude ... He could not estimate its actual size.
He just recalls viewing the underneath part of it and not the top. He
has never seen an aircraft that resembled it. It flew slowly down the
main street of DCSC and then turned east and flew away. There was a
vapour trail behind it. He does not recall a noise...
Soon after this, he believes it was the next day, one of the buildings
that had been unsecured became highly secured. The windows were
blocked, and no one was allowed in. Part of the outside area was roped
x off... He thinks (or heard a rumour) that the object may have buzzed
DCSC because of reported UFO artefacts in storage in there.1
Scott cites several reports from witnesses who caught glimpses of a
disc-type craft stored under wraps at DCSC. Unfortunately no date is given
for the above incident
On 8 March 1950, four F-51 Mustang fighters were scrambled from
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, to intercept a UFO
visible from and tracked by the base - home of the Air Technical
Intelligence Center. Two of the pilots reported a contact with the intruder,
described as huge, circular and metallic, but the planes were forced to turn
159
back due to bad weather.2 It is reasonable to suppose that these discs were
checking on a craft known to have been stored at Wright-Patterson AFB.
Intrusions above nuclear installations continued to be reported, as the
following Army Intelligence memo from Major U.G. Carlan in August 1950
reveals:
Since 30 July 1950 objects, round in form, have been sighted over the
Hanford AEC plant. These objects reportedly were above 15,000 feet
in altitude. Air Force jets attempted interception with negative results.
All units including the anti-aircraft battalion, radar units, Air Force
fighter squadrons, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have been
alerted for further observation ...
UFO RETALIATION
Attacks on unidentified aerial vehicles by military forces increased dramatically 
in the 1950s. In his book on ‘advanced aerial devices’ reported during
the Korean War (1950-3), Dr Richard F. Haines, a former NASA contract
research scientist, cites the following remarkable case, which occurred one
night in the early spring of 1951.
Francis P. Wall, Private First Class, was serving in the 25th Division,
27th Regiment, 2nd Battalion, ‘Easy’ Company, in the ‘Iron Triangle’ near
Chorwon, South Korea, when an unusual orange glowing object was
observed during an artillery attack. ‘It could get into the centre of an
airburst of [our] artillery and yet remain unharmed,’ Wall told investigator
John Timmerman in 1987. ‘But then this object approached us. And it
turned a blue-green brilliant light.’
It’s hard to distinguish the size of it; there’s no way to compare it. It
pulsated [though] it wasn’t regular. I asked for and received permission
from Lieutenant Evans, our company commander at that time, to fire
upon this object, which I did with an M-l rifle with armour-piercing
rounds. And I did hit it. It must have been metallic because you could
hear when the projectile slammed into it.
The object went wild. The light was going on and off, and it went
off completely once, briefly. And it was moving erratically from side to
side, as though it might crash to the ground. We opened up with
everything we had and after that nothing would affect it - that one
shot got it ... Then [it made] a sound - we had heard no sound
previous to this - like diesel locomotives revving up. And then, we
were attacked, I guess you would call it. In any event, we were swept
by some form of a ray that was emitted in pulses, in waves that you
could see only when it was aiming directly at you, like a searchlight
sweeps around and the segments of light you would see coming at you.
Now you could feel a burning, tingling sensation all over your
body, as though something were penetrating you. So the company
commander hauled us into our bunkers. We didn’t know what was
going to happen. We were scared. These are underground dugouts
where you have peep-holes to look out to fire on the enemy. We’re
peeping at this thing. It hovered over us for a while, lit up the whole
area with its light, then I saw it shoot off at a 45 degree angle; it’s that
quick, it was there and was gone.
It was as though that was the end of it. But three days later the
entire company of men had to be evacuated by ambulance. They had
to cut roads in there and haul them out; they were too weak to walk.
And they had dysentery, and then subsequently, when the doctors did
see them, they had an extremely high white blood cell count which the
doctors could not account for. In the military, especially the Army,
each day you file a report - a company report. Now, we had a confab
about that. Do we file it in the report or not? And the consensus was
‘no’, because they’d lock every one of us up, and think we were crazy.
Following the incident, Wall suffered from severe headaches, dysentery
and nausea, and loss of appetite. ‘We didn’t know what it was. And I still
don’t know what it was. But I do know that since that time I have periods
of disorientation, memory loss, and I dropped from 180 pounds to 138
pounds after I got back to this country. And I’ve had great difficulty
keeping my weight up .. .’3

GENERAL MARSHALL’S REVELATIONS

One morning during the summer of 1951, news reporters, photographers
and film cameramen gathered at Mexico City Airport to meet General
George C. Marshall, US Army Chief of Staff in the Second World War
and Secretary of State from 1947 to 1949. Suddenly, someone looked up and
shouted. Three saucers could be seen hovering at about 5,000 feet over the
airport. Immediately, cameras went into action and many photographs as
well as movie films were taken. Several hundred people poured out of the
waiting areas and had a good view of the saucers before they shot out of
sight.
Newspapers broke the story the following day - but no pictures
appeared. The photographs and film, explained reporters, had been confiscated 
by the American and Mexican authorities, but pending studies they
would be released for publication. (They have yet to appear.) As reported
in Chapter 5, Dr Rolf Alexander discussed the subject with General Marshall
at this time, and during the meeting the general confirmed that alien craft
and humanoid bodies had been recovered; that on three occasions the
humanoids had been burned to a crisp owing to their different reaction to
oxygen, and that contact had been established. In addition, said Dr
Alexander, Marshall revealed that ‘the visitors were completely friendly -
their hovering over defence establishments and airports being taken to
mean, “We could blow you all to bits at our leisure if we had any evil
intent” ... He said they were undoubtedly trying to work out a method of
remaining alive in our atmosphere before landing and establishing friendly
communications, and that the United States authorities were completely
convinced that Earth had nothing to fear from them [and] that the USAF
had been ordered to take no action against their craft.’4
Marshall was either unaware of the facts or being economical with the
truth. American authorities - at least, those with ‘need to know’ - were
well aware that some of the crafts’ occupants appeared to be hostile, and
that the USAF (and Army) had been ordered to take action, with often
disastrous consequences.
Why, Alexander wanted to know, had such emphasis been imposed on
denying the existence of extraterrestrial craft and censoring reports? General
Marshall responded that ‘the US wanted its people to concentrate on the
real menace - Communism - and not be distracted by the visitors from
space’. He added that the famous Orson Welles pre-war broadcast of H.G.
Wells’s story The War of the Worlds had ‘demonstrated what reaction might
be expected were the true facts generally known: a welter of hysterical
nonsense, and a complete disorientation from the tasks in hand’. Rumours
and speculation, he said, would create an atmosphere that the propagandists
of the Kremlin would be certain to exploit.5

INTERCEPTIONS OVER GERMANY

L. Gordon Cooper, the former jet pilot and astronaut, was assigned to
Neubiberg Air Force Base, Germany, with the 525th Fighter Bomber
Squadron, US Air Forces Europe, in 1951, when he saw his first UFO. At
the time, the new Soviet MiG-15 jets often penetrated the German border,
easily outpacing the F-84 Thunderjets. Although the USAF planes were not
supposed to be armed, both sides went aloft with charged guns, Cooper
reports, and one US jet had been shot down by a MiG. Only when the Air
Force received the swept-wing F-86 Sabre did the MiGs meet their match.
One day, the alarm sounded. ‘My squadron mates and I dashed from
the ready room and • scrambled skyward in our F-86s to intercept the
bogies,’ reported Cooper, then a second lieutenant. ‘We reached our
maximum ceiling of around 45,000 feet, and they were still way above us,
and travelling much faster: I could see that they weren’t balloons or MiGs
or like any aircraft I had seen before. They were metallic silver and saucershaped. 
We couldn’t get close enough to form any idea of their size; they
were just too high.’
For the next two or three days the saucers passed over the base daily.
Sometimes they appeared in groups of four, other times as many as
sixteen. They could outmanoeuvre and outflank us seemingly at will.
They moved at varying speeds - sometimes very fast, sometimes slow
- and other times they would come to a dead stop as we zoomed past
underneath them. We had no idea whether they were looking at us or
what they were doing. They came over the base at regular intervals all
day long, generally heading east to west over central Europe ... Since
the UFOs were too high and too fast for us to intercept, we eventually
stopped going up after them.6
PANDEMONIUM IN THE PENTA60N
Major General Charles P. Cabell, who became Director of the Joint Staff
for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and later served as Deputy Director of the CIA,
was Director of Air Force Intelligence in September 1951, and had become
increasingly concerned about the proliferation of reports. ‘Before I came
into Air Intelligence, the “Flying Saucer” reports had begun to flow in,’ he
wrote in his autobiography. ‘They were completely mystifying and, at times,
became very numerous and wide-spread.’
A near mass-hysteria developed from time to time. For those of us in
Air Intelligence who were officially responsible for the evaluation of
reports, they caused a vast amount of work and puzzlement... it was
not until December, 1969 [following a study which led to the closure
of Project Blue Book] that the Air Force felt justified in ruling out any
substance of a harmful nature in the mass of reports .. .7
In September 1951 a top-secret meeting was held at the Pentagon to
discuss the UFO situation. It was presided over by General Cabell and his
entire staff, plus Lieutenant Jerry Cummings, who had taken over the
administration of Project Grudge in June 1951, as well as a special representative 
from Republic Aviation Corporation. The civilian was ‘supposedly
representing a group of top US industrialists and scientists who thought
there should be a lot more sensible answers coming from the Air Force
regarding the UFOs’, reported Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, who later headed
Project Blue Book. Many expressed scepticism about the negative findings
of Project Grudge, and a state of confusion and embarrassment prevailed
regarding, among other matters, the procedure for processing reports.8
In his private papers, Ruppelt reveals some remarkable information he
learned from Lieutenant Cummings. Cabell had asked Cummings to give a
resume of what had been taking place on the project over the past year and
a half.
Cummings began by explaining that ‘every report was taken as a huge
joke’, and that at the personal direction of Colonel Harold Watson,
everything was done ‘to degrade the quality of the reports; and how the
only analysis consisted of [James] Rodgers trying to think up new and
original explanations that hadn’t been sent to Washington before’.
Cabell was livid. ‘I want an open mind, in fact, I order an open mind,’
he began. ‘Anyone that doesn’t keep an open mind can get out, now. As
long as there is any element of doubt, the Project will continue.’
Cabell asked about the results of the investigations of several good
sightings, but a telephone check to Air Technical Intelligence Center
‘showed they had been lost - no-one ever could find them’.
‘Why do I have to stir up the action?’ Cabell responded. ‘Anyone can
see that we do not have a satisfactory answer to the saucer question.’ He
demanded action: the project should be reorganized and all directives
reissued ‘because it was obvious that they were not being followed’.
At this point, according to Cummings, General Cabell looked at his
staff of colonels for about forty-five seconds and then said, ‘I’ve been lied
to, and lied to, and lied to, and lied to. I want it to stop. I want the answer
to the saucers, and I want a good answer.’
Citing the Mantell case, Cabell said that he had ‘never heard such
a collection of contradictory and indefinite statements' and that he had ‘a
great deal of doubt in his mind that the saucers were all “hoaxes,
hallucinations or the misrepresentation of known objects’”. He took a
swing at the Grudge Report by saying it was ‘the most poorly written,
inconclusive, piece of unscientific tripe’ that he’d ever seen.9
Project Grudge, which had superseded Project Sign (sometimes called
Project Saucer), the Air Force’s first official investigation, was soon reorganized 
as the ‘New Grudge’, with Ruppelt at the helm. In March 1952, the
code name was changed to Project Blue Book. In his personal papers,
Ruppelt reveals how he was taught to deal with public relations:
‘I was never told not to give the straight story but I was told to “play
down” the straight story. Stay off the 20 percent unknown [cases] and tell
how we solved the ones we did. I was to answer only direct questions and
volunteer nothing on sightings that weren’t publicly known.. .’,0

AFRICA AND KOREA

‘Recently, two fiery disks were sighted over the uranium mines located in
the southern part of the Belgian Congo in the Elisabethville district,’ begins
an Austrian newspaper article in March 1952, translated by the CIA.
‘Suddenly,’ the report continues, ‘both disks hovered in one spot and then
took off in a unique zigzag flight to the northeast. A penetrating hissing
and buzzing sound was audible to the onlookers below. The whole
performance lasted from 10 to 12 minutes.’
A Belgian Air Force fighter piloted by a Commandant Pierre, stationed
at Elisabethville airfield, was sent in pursuit:
On his first approach he came within about 120 meters of one of the
disks. According to his estimates, the ‘saucer’ had a diameter of from
12 to 15 meters and was discus-shaped. The inner core remained
absolutely still, and a knob coming out from the centre and several
small openings could be seen. The outer rim was completely veiled in
fire and must have had an enormous speed of rotation. The colour of
the metal was similar to that of aluminium.
The disks travelled in a precise and light manner, both vertically
and horizontally. Changes in elevation from 800 to 1,000 meters could
be accomplished in a few seconds; the disks often shot to within
20 meters of the tree tops ... Pierre had to give up pursuit after 15
minutes since both disks, with a loud whistling sound which he heard
despite the noise of his own plane, disappeared in a straight line
toward Lake Tanganyika. He estimated their speed at about 1,500
kilometres per hour.11
The presence of the discs over the uranium mines is further evidence
of the special interest shown by those controlling the flying machines in all
things related to our nuclear developments.
That same month, British Wing Commander J. Baldwin, a Second
World War fighter ace, was on a meteorological reconnaissance flight over
Korea when his jet failed to come out of a cloud. Around the same time, a
US Navy aircraft carrier in Korean waters had sighted a strange aerial craft.
Baldwin’s colleagues, flying with him, failed to discover what had happened.
*2 Aircraft disappearing in proximity to UFOs were to increase with
alarming frequency.

INCREASING US AIR FORCE SIGHTINGS

On 1 May 1952, five discs in formation were spotted by a USAF major a few
miles from George AFB, Victorville, California. ‘They were sharply outlined
against the mountains and appeared large enough so that the major could
see their shape,’ reported then Lieutenant Edward Ruppelt, in a section that
was cut from his book. ‘Suddenly they all pulled up in a tight “V” formation,
made an almost 90-degree turn and zoomed over the mountains.’
The major told me that he was pretty excited so he drove right back
to the base and went to see the intelligence officer [who] was already
in his office listening to a report from a group of airmen who had
seen a UFO from the base firing range. They had also seen five diskshaped 
UFOs flying in formation ...
I plotted out the lines of sight and computed the UFOs’ speed and
size. Unfortunately when I got it plotted, the angles between the lines
of sight were such that triangulation would be only a rough estimate
at the best. The UFOs were travelling somewhere between 900 and
1,200 miles an hour and were from 1,000 to 1,200 feet in diameter.
The sighting was the first of a series of nine sightings at the base in a
three-week period.1’
On the same day, a giant B-36 Peacemaker bomber (which could
deliver nuclear weapons) was approached to a close distance by two flying
discs over Davis-Monthan AFB, near Tucson, Arizona. One witness was
Major Pestalozzi, an Air Intelligence officer who investigated UFO reports
routinely, and who had filed a lengthy report for Blue Book, including not
only his own observation but those of the B-36 crew and other USAF
personnel at different locations around the base. The following is excerpted
from a letter sent to Major Hector Quintanilla, a head of Project Blue
Book, by Dr James McDonald, former senior atmospheric physicist at the
University of Arizona:
[Maj. Pestalozzi] actually saw the two UFOs overtake the west-bound
B-36, and he held them under observation as the aircraft passed
overhead [at 20,000 feet] until the objects departed ... he estimated
the total time of observation at perhaps 3 minutes ... all of the crew,
save the pilot, were able to get back to the starboard blister to see the
UFO before it left ... The UFO near the aircraft was at a level
distinctly lower than the mid-section of the fuselage ... [Pestalozzi]
mentioned to me that the B-36 crew was a bit shaken by this
experience. He pointed out to me that, after the UFO departed, the B-
36 radioed Davis-Monthan control tower and demanded permission
to land immediately. It was just after they landed that Operations
called him over to interrogate the crew.. .'4
The discs were estimated by the crew to have had a diameter of 20-25
feet and a depth of 10-12 feet.
Twelve unidentified objects, flying in three groups in tight formation at
an estimated speed of between 1,500 and 2,000 mph, and emitting a
‘definite soft, intermittent hum’, appeared over Randolph AFB, Texas, at
around 21:27 on 25 May 1952.15 Meanwhile, on the same date, but in
Korea (26 May), ground radar alerted the crew of an F-94 Starfire jet to ‘an
unidentified object on its tail’. The USAF report continues:
The interceptor aircraft turned into the unknown and locked on with
its radar at 7,000 yards and started to close. Both the pilot and the
R.O. [Radar Operator] observed a brilliant white light straight ahead.
The unidentified [object] performed a steady climbing turn and
accelerated at a tremendous speed drawing away from the F-94 which
now had cut in its after-burner. The pilot was unable to close and the
R.O. lost the object at 2600 yards after 15 seconds of contact.. ,16
A huge upsurge of sightings around the world in June 1952, culminating 
in July - particularly over the United States - caused alarm in military
and government circles. ‘Air Force intelligence men say they are continually
astounded by the number of trained scientists who believe they are
interplanetary in origin,’ reported Robert Moskin in Look magazine. ‘Lieutenant 
Ruppelt says he has talked with hundreds of scientists and heard
many such theories. He adds, “We can deal with these things if they are
from Russia. If they are from Mars, I don’t know what we will do.”’17
All these events were leading up to what the American authorities
feared the most - a mass appearance over a major city. And it turned out
to be the nation’s capital.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many othersGreyden Press, Columbus, Ohio,
1997, p. 53.
2. Hall, Richard H. (ed.), The UFO Evidence, National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), 1964, p. 84.
3. Haines, Richard F., Advanced Aerial Devices Reported During the Korean War,
LDA Press, PO Box 880, Los Altos, CA 94023-0880, 1990, pp. 28-30, citing
Report 6601, UFO Information Research Center, 1966, pp. 18-27.
4. Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 2, No. 1, 1956, p. 2.
5. Ibid.
6. Cooper, Gordon with Henderson, Bruce, Leap of Faith: An Astronaut's Journey
into the Unknown, HarperColhns, New York, 2000, pp. 80-1.
7. Cabell, General Charles P., A Man of Intelligence: Memoirs of War, Peace, and the
CIA, Impavide, Colorado Springs, CO 80919, 1997, p. 246.
8. Ruppelt, Edward J., The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Doubleday, New
York, 1956, p. 93.
9. Hall, Michael David and Connors, Wendy, Captain Edward /. Ruppelt - Summer
of the Saucers - 1952, Rose Press International, Albuquerque, NM, 2000, pp. 58-9.
10. Ibid., p. 67.
11. Sitte, Franz, ‘Flying Saucers over Belgian Congo Uranium Mines’, Die Presse,
Vienna, 29 March 1952, translated and produced as a report by the CIA.
12. Watkins, Harold T., Flying Saucers on the Moon, Peter Owen, London, 1954,
p. 288.
13. Hall and Connors, pp. 100-102.
14. Ibid., pp. 97-8.
15. Air Intelligence Information Report by Capt. Marvin Thompson, Wing
Intelligence Officer, Randolph AFB, Texas, to Chief, Air Technical Intelligence
Center, 28 May 1952.
16. USAF, Project 10073 Record Card, Project Blue Book Files.
17. Moskin, Robert, ‘Hunt For The Flying Saucer’, Look, 1 July 1952, pp. 37-41.


10  March  1950
Dr. Robley D. Evans
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Cambridge,  Massachusetts
Dear Dr. Evans : Inclosed you will find a Memorandum report on the Psychological Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects, which was prepared by one of our psychologists at the Aero Medical Laboratory at Wright Field. As you will note, this report is almost a year old and was originally classified "confidential". However, the the classification has recently been changed to "restricted, therefore, this report is for your information only.I have also received information that a new report is in the process of being published and will be classified "top secret". 
I regret to  say that I do not know what this latest report contains,
however,  I will attempt to get a copy as soon as it is published.
It has recently been rumoured that one of these so-called flying
saucers crashed in Mexico; however, the details are somewhat bizarre at this moment. When you have finished with the included report, will you please return it to this office.
With best regards.
Sincerely,ROBERT H. BLOUNT 
Incls 
Subj Report
MCREXD-6947-15D28 Apr 49Lt. Colonel, USAF (MC)Chief, Medical Research DivisionOffice of the Surgeon General
RESTRICTED
A 1950 letter from Robert H. Blount, Chief, Medical Research Division, Office of the
Surgeon General to Dr Robley D. Evans, Professor of Physics, MIT, relating to a
crashed flying saucer in Mexico. (The National Archives, Washington)


FBI, RICHMOND  12-2-50	12-09 DIRECTOR	URGENT	|
RE: FLYING SAUCERS. THIS OFFICE VERY CONFIDENTIALLY ADVISED INTELLIGENCE, RICHMOND, THAT THEY HAVE BEEN PUT ON IMMEDIATE HIGH ALERT FOR ANY DATA WHATSOEVER CONCERNING FLYING SAUCERS. CIC HERESTATES BACKGROUND OF INSTRUCTIONS NOT AVAILABLE FROM AIR FORCEINTELLIGENCE, WHO ARE NOT AWARE OF REASON FOR ALERT LOCALLY,
BUT ANY INFORMATION WHATSOEVER MUST BE TELEPHONED BY THEN IMMEDIATELY
TO AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE. CIC ADVISES DATA STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
AND SHOULD NOT BE BE DESSEMINATED.	 AUERBACH DEC 1950
12-11 PM OK FBI WA NRJ

An FBI message relating to an ‘immediate high alert for any data whatsoever
concerning flying saucers’, December 1950. National Archives, Washington)


==========================================================================
12. WASHINGTON WATERSHED

On 1 July 1952, at 07:25 Eastern Standard Time, two F-94 Starfire fighters
were scrambled to intercept what witnesses on the ground described as a
bright silver ‘cigar-shaped object about six times as long as it was wide’
travelling south-west across Boston. At the same time, a USAF captain at
Bedford, 15 miles north-west of Boston, saw both the jets and a ‘silvery
cigar-shaped craft’ travelling south.1 It appeared to be about 100 feet long,
and flew at the speed of a jet but ‘hung’ in mid-air on two occasions.2 At
08:40, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, radar confirmed two UFOs direcdy
above its secret Army laboratories. Visual sightings of two shiny objects
were made - and of another object, at 09:15. The objects were last seen
heading towards Washington, DC. Shortly afterwards, over 500 people saw
a strange object hovering north-north-west of the city, including a physics
professor from George Washington University who said that during the
eight minutes it was in sight, the object steadily came so low that downtown
buildings were obscured from his view.3
On the evening of 14 July, six glowing discs, about 100 feet in diameter
and flying in echelon formation, approached a Pan American Airways DC-
4 at ‘a fantastic speed’ a mile below the airliner, in the vicinity of Langley
Air Force Base, Virginia. After slowing down abruptly, the discs ‘flipped up
on edge’, then accelerated away. Two other discs then appeared underneath
the airliner and joined the others. Finally they all climbed to high altitude
at an estimated speed of 200 miles per minute.4 On landing at Miami,
pilots William B. Nash and W.H. Fortenberry were interviewed by agents
of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI), and a classified
cable describing these events was distributed to Army and Naval Intelligence, 
as well as to the Armed Forces Security Agency (forerunner of the
National Security Agency), the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the CIA.5

THE‘MERRY-60-R0UND’

‘No flying saucer report in the history of the UFO ever won more world
acclaim than the Washington National Sightings,’ wrote Captain Ruppelt,
in a chapter of his book entitled The Washington Merry-Go-Round. These
extraordinary intrusions - some over the restricted air space above the
Capitol Building and the White House - generated headlines around
the world. Here follows a brief but comprehensive summary by reporter
Bob Pratt:
Between 2 am July 18 and 5 am July 29, UFOs were seen and/or
tracked on radar over the Washington, DC area at least 17 times, with
some of the witnesses being military personnel or airline pilots. The
UFOs were tracked on radar eight times with as many as 10 to 12
objects being detected at a time.
Jet fighters were scrambled at least twice from bases in nearby
Delaware and New Jersey. The incidents attracted considerable publicity, 
and at 4 pm on July 29 - just eleven hours after 8 to 12 UFOs
were tracked by radar - the Pentagon staged a large Washington press
conference to debunk the flood of UFO reports. Major General Roger
M. Ramey participated in the conference, as did Major General John
A. Samford, the chief of Air Force Intelligence. Ramey and Samford
were referred to as the Air Force’s top two saucer experts.6
The events on 26 July led President Truman to summon assistance
from the Air Force in dealing with growing public concern. At the
overcrowded press conference (the largest by the USAF since the Second
World War), the sightings were casually explained as mostly having been
caused by a ‘temperature inversion’, i.e., when a layer of warm air lies
adjacent to a cooler layer, producing optical distortions in the atmosphere.
However, asked by a reporter if some highly secret new American weapon
could be causing the reports, Samford replied, perhaps ambiguously, ‘We
have nothing that has no mass and unlimited power!’7
At a meeting of the National Security Council on 28 July, President
Truman asked General Walter Bedell Smith, Director of Central Intelligence, 
to set the Agency to work on the problem. This led to a project
called the Special Study Group, located in the CIA’s Physics and Electronics
division of the Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI). Frederick C. Durant
III, a CIA specialist in chemistry and rocketry (and UFOs), began gathering
information at the Pentagon.8
In addition to causing solid radar returns that directed the jet interceptors 
to specific targets, the ‘temperature inversion’ caused coincidental
electrical interference on several nights at a television reception centre,
severely affecting local stations. The source of the interference, it was
reported, must have originated ‘between the station and the receiving set’.9
In London, Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill expressed his concern 
about the Washington events. In a minute to the Secretary of State for
Air and Lord Cherwell (Frederick A. Lindemann, Churchill’s scientific
adviser), he wrote: ‘What does all this stuff about flying saucers amount to?
What can it mean? What is the truth?’10 A reply came back from the Air
Ministry that unidentified flying objects had been ‘the subject of a full
Intelligence study in 1951’ (by the Flying Saucer Working Party) and that
‘all the incidents reported could be explained’.11
One of the pilots who chased the saucers, Lieutenant Colonel Charles
H.	Cook - who had worked for Blue Book - occasionally discussed
the incident with his family. He had been disturbed by the fact that the
government failed to brief pilots on UFOs: they thought they were going
after Russian planes invading US airspace. When the other pilots arrived at
the target area, he explained to Cathy Johnson, ‘It wasn’t what they were
told it was.’ Cook, who died in 1973, had been Cathy’s first husband’s
father. She says that on the day of his funeral in Cooperstown, New York,
in 1973, ‘people who identified themselves as being from the CIA taped off
his house for four hours and didn’t let anyone in. They ended up taking
[most] of his files, [many] of them concerning UFOs, that he kept in a
locked cabinet’.12
According to Major Donald E. Keyhoe, during the period UFOs were
being tracked in the Washington area, ‘gigantic’ objects were tracked
orbiting Earth. ‘Two of them came down between Washington and Baltimore 
and hovered at around 79,000 feet,’ Keyhoe revealed to Bob Pratt.
I talked with one of the pilots who was in the jet squadron that was
trying to get up near (one of) these things. And he told me, ‘I have
never been more terrified in my life. Just to look at that thing you
could tell that you would be crazy to go up there and try and shoot at
it. Thank God we couldn’t get up that close.’ Later on he had a friend
(who told me), ‘Yeah, I was there and I was scared too. I don’t know
any of the pilots that were involved who weren’t scared just seeing
these damned, huge things like that.. .’13

ATTEMPTS TO SHOOT DOWN SAUCERS

In a telegram to President Truman, Robert L. Farnsworth, President of the
American Rocket Society, urged the nation’s top defence officials to restrain
the armed forces from shooting at ‘flying saucers’. Farnsworth said there
were unconfirmed rumours that the armed forces had been ordered to
shoot at any unidentified objects in the sky, but he believed that hostile
action might alienate mankind from ‘beings of far superior powers’. Should
these objects be extraterrestrial, he said, ‘such action might result in the
gravest consequence; friendly contact should be sought as long as possible.
’14 As we have learned, there had indeed been attempts to shoot down
such craft - and many more were to follow.
During his tenure as chief of the Aerial Phenomena Section at the Air
Technical Intelligence Center, working with Project Blue Book, Captain
Ruppelt learned that one morning in the summer of 1952 a radarscope
near a certain USAF base picked up an unknown target that approached at
700 mph and then slowed to a point north-east of the airfield. Two F-86
Sabre jets were scrambled, but at first were unable to locate the target. The
second pilot then spotted what he took to be a balloon, but a closer view
showed it to be saucer-shaped - ‘like a doughnut without a hole’. He began
pursuing the object and got as close as 500 yards, when it began to
accelerate. When it was at a range of 1,000 yards (the machine gun rounds
usually converge at 1,300 yards) he began firing at the target, but it pulled
up into a climb and disappeared in seconds.
Ruppelt was shown this report by an intelligence officer, who said he
had been ordered to burn all copies, but had saved one.15
While involved with Canada’s Project Second Storey - the Canadian
Government’s second official UFO study project - Wilbert Smith confirmed
that a number of fragments from UFOs had been recovered and analysed
by his research group, including one that had been shot from a disc near
Washington in July 1952. Smith, who held a top-secret clearance and liaised
with his American counterparts at the time, was informed that the disc,
which was about 2 feet in diameter, was glowing:
A glowing chunk flew off, and the pilot saw it glowing all the way
to the ground. He radioed his report, and a ground party hurried to
the scene. The thing was still glowing when they found it an hour or
so later. The entire piece weighed about a pound. The segment that
was loaned to me was about one third of that ... There was iron rust
- the thing was in reality a matrix of magnesium orthosilicate. The
matrix had great numbers - thousands - of 15-micron spheres
scattered through it.
Asked if he had returned the piece to the US Air Force when he
had completed his analysis, he replied, ‘Not the Air Force. Much higher
than that.’ ‘The Central Intelligence Agency?’ asked his interviewers. ‘I’m
sorry, gentlemen, but I don’t care to go beyond that point,’ he replied, but
added: ‘I can say to you that it went to the hands of a highly classified
group.’16

A SENSATIONAL DISCLOSURE

In the aftermath of the Washington sightings, sensational developments
were announced by the columnist Robert Allen in September 1952. ‘The
Air Force has a breathtaking report on “flying saucers”,’ he began. ‘Noted
scientists and Air Force experts express the belief that some of the
mysterious flying objects are genuine and that they originate from “sources
outside of this planet”. That is, these devices are interplanetary aircraft of
some kind...
‘Russia is profoundly mystified and worried by “flying saucers” and
strongly suspects they are a new US weapon. The Kremlin has four different
investigations underway...’
The Air Force study is based on more than 1,800 sightings in the past
five years. One important point stressed in the report is that the most
authoritative and detailed sightings come from atomic plants and
military bases and research centers. These highly significant sightings
number around 20 per cent of the total reported. Following is a list of
the locations of the most important of these sightings:
New Mexico - Los Alamos and White Sands atomic plant and testing
grounds, Albuquerque, and the Holloman, Kirtland and Walker
air bases.
California - Muroc, Travis, Hamilton, George, Edwards, Sacramento,
and Mint Canyon airfields.
Tennessee - Oak Ridge atomic plant, Knoxville and Dickson AFB.
Arizona - Williams, Davis-Monthan, and Luke AFBs.
Illinois - Scott [AFB] and O’Hare [airport].
New Hampshire - Grenier AFB.
New York - Mitchell AFB.
Mississippi - Air bases at Jackson, Keesler and Biloxi.
Michigan - Selfridge AFB.
Massachusetts - Westover AFB.
Nebraska - Offutt AFB.
North Carolina - Chapel Hill and Pope AFBs.
South Carolina - Spartanburg and at Greenville AFBs.
Texas - Kelly, Randolph and AFBs Carswell and San Marcos.
Washington State - Mount Rainier, Mount Jefferson and McChord
AFBs.
Oklahoma - Tinker and Norman AFBs.
South Dakota - Air base at Rapid City.
Ohio - Air Force research center at Dayton, and Lockbourne AFB.
‘The sensational study is the work of the Air Technical Intelligence
Center [ATIC], Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio,’ continued
Allen. ‘A number of scientists are devoting their full time there analysing
reports. Their objectives are so secret the Air Force will not permit
publication of their names. In fact, no one connected with the project or
the report would allow his name to be used. However, Air Force authorities
are considering publishing certain portions of the report. Chiefly deterring
them is fear [that] the sensational nature of the findings may cause undue
public alarm. These findings were described by a high Air Force official as
“fantastic but true” .. ,’17
It is possible that some of those who leaked details of this report to
Robert Allen included members of a small US Air Force Intelligence
(AFOIN) ‘special group’, designated AFOIN-X(SG), to which I alluded
in Chapter 9. Headed by a Colonel Kieling, the group included Dr Stefan
T. Possony, a USAF civil service intelligence specialist, as ‘acting chief,
and Lieutenant Colonel F. Sterling, military ‘chief of the project. It was,
explains Professor Michael Swords of Western Michigan University, ‘a
flexible study group to take on ad hoc tasks of special interest or timeliness,
which did not necessarily fit into well-worn institutional structures of the
Directorate.’18
Following the Washington sightings, several teams of CIA and USAF
specialists travelled abroad to liaise with their foreign counterparts regarding 
the crisis. In this connection, Jean Kisling, the French pilot who fired at
a UFO over Selfridge Field, Michigan, in 1945 (Chapter 2), told me of an
interesting experience he had during this period, when he was flying for
Air France on the New York-Paris route. ‘One day, when the crew arrived
at Idlewild airport,’ he began, ‘we were told that the regular schedule had
been changed. The chief of security at the airport asked me to accompany
him to his office. I was warned not to disclose the information he was
about to reveal to me.’
He explained that this would now be a ‘special security’ VIP flight
to take a delegation of about twenty or thirty military officers from
the Pentagon to Paris on a classified mission. Our Super Constellation 
plane had been parked away from the terminal - with a military
guard.
We had a double, or ‘heavy’, crew on board. When I took my rest
period during the flight across the Atlantic, I chatted to an elderly man
with a beard. We got to talking about UFOs, so I related the Selfridge
episode to him. He revealed that he was a UFO specialist and that a
very important unit in the Pentagon dealt exclusively with the subject.
He said that a flying saucer had crashed at El Paso, Texas, some time
previously, and that ‘small people’ - not from Earth - had been
recovered. I asked him why all this was kept secret. He replied that
everyone would panic.
When we arrived at Orly airport in Paris, there were special
procedures. We had to park a long way from the terminal, and were
escorted from the plane by a military or police guard. This group of
specialists, I understood, was en route to somewhere in East
Europe.. .19
A Secret CIA memorandum dated 24 September 1952, from Dr H.
Marshall Chadwell, Assistant Director, Scientific Intelligence, to General
Walter Bedell Smith, Director of Central Intelligence, reveals the extent of
concern in the Agency during this critical period. Chadwell, incidentally,
had been involved with Britain’s Flying Saucer Working Party. In addition
to its concerns about the phenomenon per se, he rightly emphasized the
military dangers inherent in ‘false alerts’ arising from failure to distinguish
UFOs from incoming Soviet aircraft or missiles.
CIA director Walter Smith took up Chadwell’s recommendation. ‘It is
my view that this situation has possible implications for our national
security which transcend the interests of a single service,’ he wrote in an
undated 1952 Secret memorandum to the Executive Secretary of the
National Security Council (p. 181). ‘A broader, coordinated effort should
be initiated to develop a firm scientific understanding of the several
phenomena which apparently are involved in these reports, and to assure
ourselves that the incidents will not hamper our present efforts in the Cold
War or confuse our early warning system in case of an attack.’
The destruction or disappearance of military aircraft during interceptions 
of UFOs continued apace. As General Benjamin Chidlaw, former
commanding general of Air (later Aerospace) Defense Command, told
Robert C. Gardner (ex-USAF) in 1953: ‘We have stacks of reports of flying
saucers. We take them seriously, when you consider we have lost many
men and planes trying to intercept them.’ Leonard Stringfield, the former
Air Force intelligence officer, was told by a reliable source in the 1950s that
the ‘Air Force was losing about a plane a day to the UFOs . . .’20
*
Stringfield was reliably informed. According to US Defense Department
figures, from 1952 until the end of October 1956, there were 18,662 major
accidents of military aircraft, broken down as follows:
Air Force
Navy
1952
2,274
2,086
1953
2,075
2,325
1954
1,873
1,911
1955
1,664
1,566
1956
1,530
1,358
Of this astonishing total, most involved fast new jets (such as those
scrambled in UFO interceptions), of which 56.2 per cent were found to be
caused by pilot error; 8.1 per cent by ground-crew or other personnel
failure; 23.4 per cent by failure of parts and equipment in the aircraft; 2.8
per cent by various ‘unsafe conditions’, and - tellingly - 9.5 per cent
(1,773) were due to ‘unknown factors’.21

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Ruppelt, Edward J., The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Doubleday, New
York, 1956, pp. 150-1.
2. Spot Intelligence Report by Lt. Col. Robert S. Jones, DO#l Westover AFB, MA, 3
July 1952, Project Blue Book files, cited by Loren E. Gross in UFOs: A History,
1952:	June-July 20th,privately published by the author, Fremont, California, 1986,
p. 36.
3. Ruppelt, op. cit., pp. 150-2.
4. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Flying Saucers from Outer Space, Henry Holt, New
York, 1953, pp. 124-6.
5. Classified message, Headquarters USAF, AFOIN-2A3, 16 July 1952.
6. Pratt, Bob, ‘Conversations with Major Donald Keyhoe’. www.bobpratt.org/
keyhoe.html
7. Hall, Michael David, and Connors, Wendy, Captain Edward J. Ruppelt - Summer
of Saucers - 1952, Rose Press International, Albuquerque, NM, 2000, p. 280.
8. Ibid., p. 149.
9. Cumberland (Maryland) Times, 23 July 1952.
10. Prime Minister’s Personal Minute to the Secretary of State for Air and Lord
Cherwell, 28 July 1952, The National Archives, PREM 11/855.
11. Memo to the Prime Minister from the Secretary of State for Air, Air Ministry,
Whitehall, 9 August 1952, The National Archives, PREM 11/855.
12. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many others), Greyden Press, Columbus, OH, 1997,
p, 189.
13. Pratt, op. cit.
14. Los Angeles Times, 30 July 1952.
15. Ruppelt, op. cit., pp. 1-5.
16. Edwards, Frank, Flying Saucers - Serious Business, Lyle Stuart, New York, 1966,
pp. 87-8.
17. Berkeley, California, Gazette, 26 September 1952.
18. Hall and Connors, op. cit., pp. 158-9.
19. Personal interviews, Paris, 12 December 2000/16 November 2004.
20. Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege, Doubleday, New York,
1977, p. 138.
21. Supplied by Dr Olavo Fontes in a letter to Richard H. Hall, 15 March 1958.
July 28, 1952U. S. PROBES MYSTERY
‘Scores’ of Saucers
Tracked by Radar
washincton (INS)-The gov-
eminent radar station at Washington National Airport today record-ed "scores" of unidentified objects
travelling at speeds of 90 to 120
miles an hour and the air force
sought a new way to solve the 1952
“flying saucer" mystery.

Civil aeronautics officials said
the radar sightings lasted three
and a half hours and that as many
as 12 objects showed on the screen
simultaneously.
But because no visual confirmation could be obtained, jet fight-
ers, on 24-hour "flying saucer"
alert, were not sent aloft to investigate.
The Air Force disclosed it
turned to a new type camera when
600-mile-an-hour jet planes were
unable to catch up with the
strange objects sighted in eastern
skies in recent days.Jet Pilots Alerted
Jet pilots have been told to
"shoot down" the fantastic object"
"if they ignore orders to land" but
so far no plane has come within
shooting distance.
The CAA said that one commercial 
pilot today was routed directly
over the spot where an unidentified 
object showed up on the radar
screen but that he sighted nothing.
Today's unidentified objects
were reported moving “from northwest 
to southeast, at a 90-degree
angle from the prevailing wind"-
indicating they were not wind-
borne unless there were unrecorded 
air currents.
The incident marked the third
time mysterious objects have
shown up on the airport radar-scope. However, on the two previous 
occasions, pilots and sorne
Washington area residents reported
sighting flashing lights and fast
moving discs.
An Air Force spokesman said a
new-type camera may be able to
bring the mystery to an end. He
said the camera photographs "luminous 
phenomenon." It uses the
principle employed by astronomers 
in determining the composimen in determining the composition 
of stars.
Meanwhile, as new reports continued 
to pour into the Pentagon
of more sightings of mysterious
objects the Air Forct summoned
several "saucer" specialist! from
Dayton, O. for a conference today.
Floedad by Reports
The Air Force said it is receiving 
new reports of "flying saucers"
at the rate of 100 a month.
The Air Force contended that its
intensive investigation of more
than 1,000 "saucer" reports has
convinced it that they are not being 
sent over the United States
by an enemy.
The Air Force added that its
investigation indicated also that
they are not being controlled by,
a reasoning body."

An article in an unknown newspaper relating to the UFO sightings over
Washington, DC, in July 1952.



MEMORANDUM TO: The Executive Secretary National Security Council
SUBJECT:         Unidentified Flying Objects (Flying Saucers)
1. The Central Intelligence Agency has reviewed the current
situation concerning the unidentified flying objects which have caused 
extensive speculation in the press and have been the subject of concern 
to Government organizations. The Air Force, within the 
limitations of manpower which could be devoted to the subject, has thus far 
carried the full responsibility for investigating and
analyzing individual reports of sighting. Sinces 1947, approximately 2000 
offical reports of sightings have been receivedand, of these, about 20% are as yet unexplained.	
2. It is my view that this situation has possible implications 
for our national security which transpired the interests of a singleservice. 
A broader, coordinated effort should be initiated to develop a firm scientific understanding 
of the several phenomena which apparently are involved in these reports, and to assure
ourselves tha the incidents will not hamper our present efforts in the Cold War or confuse 
our early warning system in case of an attack. 
3. I therefore recommend ta this Agency, and the agencies of the Department of Defense be directed to formulate and carry out a program of intelligence and research activities required to solve the problem of instant positive identification of unidentified flying objects. A draft of an appropriate directive is attached.	 	 
Walter B. Smith 
Director 
Enclosure	 Declassified by 006087	date	1975

‘Since 1947, approximately 2,000 official reports of sightings have been received and, of these, about 20% are as yet unexplained ... A broader, coordinated effort should be initiated to develop a firm scientific understanding of the several phenomena which
apparently are involved in these reports ...’ General Walter B. Smith, Director of
Central Intelligence, to the Executive Secretary of the National Security Council
in 1952, previously classified Secret. (Central Intelligence Agency)


=========================================================================
13. INIMICAL FORCES

It was around 22:00 on 11 February 1953. At the Naval Auxiliary Air
Station, Edenton, North Carolina, Marine First Lieutenant Edward Balocco,
recently returned from a tour of duty in the Korean War (gaining the
Distinguished Flying Cross), stood on ‘dirty duty* as the only pilot on
‘intercept-ready status’. Suddenly, the alert whisde sounded. Balocco ran to
his F9F Panther jet. ‘Unknown bogey at two three zero,’ the tower advised
him, ‘Get in the air, now!’ Minutes later Balocco was airborne, heading
north to Virginia Beach while being vectored to the unknown target by the
2nd Marine Aircraft Wing at Cherry Point. His orders were to ‘run black’
- without navigation lights.
By the time Lieutenant Balocco had been vectored to the target by
Norfolk Naval Air Station, the ‘bogey’ had disappeared off Norfolk radar.
After searching the area for about fifteen minutes, he radioed Norfolk to
tell them he was heading back to base as fuel was getting low. Proceeding
south at 20,000 feet, he suddenly noticed a bright light below him on his
port side. The light appeared to be on or near the surface of the ocean. He
paid little heed to it and continued flying south, turning on his navigation
lights so he could be seen by other pilots. Glancing back up to the horizon,
he was astonished to see that the light had risen to his altitude, and now
hovered approximately 2,000 feet away.	-*-
The pilot headed his jet directly at the light. Closing in, he could now
see that it was disc-shaped, with red blinking lights on its hull.1
‘I guess it was my Korean combat experience, but my reaction was to
squeeze the trigger on my control stick to blast this “enemy”,’ Balocco told
Fred Blechman, a fellow Marine pilot, in 2005. Nothing happened. The
guns were empty. ‘With full throttle, I got to about 350 feet from the UFO
when my entire cockpit was bathed in a strong, blue-white light,’ he
recalled. ‘Everything seemed to be motionless.’ As he glanced at his gloved
hand he was shocked to discover that he could see right through the glove
and the flesh to the bones of his hand.
‘It was like an X-ray. For what I think was several seconds there was
no sound - not even the sound of my engine. Suddenly, there was a flash,
183
and the UFO broke away at incredible speed, as sound and motion
returned.’2
Balocco radioed Cherry Point tower, giving them the bearing, heading
and estimated speed of the object. He tried unsuccessfully to pursue it
again. Another Marine pilot who had been scrambled in a Panther, Captain
Thomas Riggs, also reported sighting the object, which he observed moving
swiftly down the North Carolina coast at low altitude.
On landing at Edenton, Balocco learned that the Marine Corps would
be sending a plane to take him to Cherry Point for debriefing. Here he was
led to a conference room and interrogated by Marine and Navy officers. A
few hours later he was allowed to leave, having been ordered by a Marine
colonel to ‘say absolutely nothing’ about the incident.3
Edward Hertzberg (cited earlier in connection with the Mantell incident) 
served as the US Air Force’s chief physical anthropologist at the
Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, Wright-Patterson AFB, from 1946
to 1972. During this period, an instructor on F-84 jets (probably the F-84G
Thunderjet) based at Keesler Air Force Base, Texas, told him of an
extraordinary encounter, also involving the projection of light into a
cockpit. Hertzberg related to investigator John Timmerman that on this
particular occasion (on an unspecified date following the Korean War,
which ended mid-1953), the instructor and his student pilot were flying
east back to Keesler across north Texas near midnight, at around 20,000
feet, when a fight appeared. They flew towards this fight, and as they neared
it, it suddenly shot past them - now clearly appearing as a craft - and went
to the rear of the F-84.
‘The instructor did a vertical bank, and went right back following the
vehicle,’ said Hertzberg. ‘They flew straight toward that vehicle and once
again, as they neared it, this thing went by them at a tremendous clip.’
... it was [an] elliptically shaped object, with a bright glow, and he
said they were close enough that he thought he could distinguish the
fines between various plates that made up the vehicle. He said there
were windows, but [they] were not lighted. He could not see into the
craft. It had a dome on top ... and he flew straight toward this thing.
He said all of a sudden it just went right by him again, going in the
opposite direction ... whereupon he simply pulled into a vertical bank
once again and started back the other way ... they had this little dog
fight between him and the saucer for maybe ten to fifteen minutes.
On one occasion, as the vehicle had just passed him and he had
gone into a vertical bank, suddenly a fight came on; a brilliant pencil
of fight that came on from that vehicle and shone directly into his
cockpit... He said he saw the shadows of his knees on the floor of his
cockpit. He thought to himself, ‘This is no place for me’. So, while he
was in his vertical bank, he simply kicked the [left] rudder hard and
dived [then] levelled out and headed back toward Keesler.
The debriefing lasted two hours. Next morning, the Pentagon called
the instructor, saying that the report of his ‘combat with a flying saucer’
had been received, but that they wanted him to relate the experience once
more.4

THE DURANT REPORT

By the end of 1952 the UFO problem had become so worrying that the
CIA’s Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI) convened a panel of scientists,
and meetings were held at the Pentagon from 14 to 17 January 1953.
Members of the Scientific Advisory Panel included Dr H.P. Robertson as
chairman, whose field was physics and weapons systems; Dr Luis Alvarez
(physics and radar); Dr Lloyd V. Berkner (geophysics); Dr Samuel Goudsmit
(atomic structure and statistical problems), and Dr Thornton Page (astronomy 
and astrophysics). The associate members were the OSI’s Frederick C.
Durant III (missiles and rockets), and Dr J. Allen Hynek (astronomy).
Numerous high-ranking military, scientific and technical intelligence
specialists attended the meetings as interviewees, including Captain Edward
Ruppelt and Major Dewey Fournet, Air Force Intelligence Monitor of the
UFO Project. After twelve hours of meetings, during which the panel was
shown movie films of UFOs, case histories of sightings, statistics, and so
on, it was concluded that ‘reasonable explanations could be suggested for
most sightings [and that] by deduction and scientific method it could be
induced (given additional data) that other cases might be explained in a
similar manner’. In other words, a regurgitation of Project Grudge’s
tendentiously negative findings.
The panel also concluded unanimously that ‘there was no evidence of
a direct threat to national security’ and that the ‘absence of any “hardware”
... lends a “will-of-the-wisp” nature to the [Air Technical Intelligence
Center] problem’ and that ‘no evidence of hostile act or danger exists’. No
evidence was found either, they said, ‘that any of the unexplained objects
sighted could be extraterrestrial in origin’ - though it was conceded that
Major Fournet ‘showed how he had eliminated each of the known and
probable causes of sightings leaving him “extra-terrestrial” as the only one
remaining in many cases’.
The CIA panel expressed concerns regarding dangers resulting from
misidentification of ‘actual enemy artifacts’; ‘Overloading of emergency
reporting channels with “false” information’ and the ‘Subjectivity of public
to mass hysteria and greater vulnerability to possible enemy psychological
warfare’. Another of the panel’s recommendations was that a policy of
debunking UFO reports should be instigated: ‘The “debunking” aim would
result in reduction in public interest in “flying saucers” ... This education
could be accomplished by mass media such [as] television, motion pictures,
and popular articles. Basis of such education would be actual case histories
which had been puzzling at first but later explained.’ Documentary films
and cartoons (Walt Disney Inc. being recommended for the latter) were
proposed, and ‘it was believed that business clubs, high schools, colleges
and television stations would all be pleased to cooperate in the showing of
documentary type motion pictures if prepared in an interesting manner’.
Another recommendation was that civilian UFO groups should be
watched ‘because of their potentially great influence on mass thinking if
widespread sightings should occur. The apparent irresponsibility and the
possible use of such groups for subversive purposes should be kept in
mind.’
The panel concluded that ‘the continued emphasis on the reporting of
these phenomena does, in these parlous times, result in a threat to the
orderly functioning of the protective organs of the body politic’, and
recommended that ‘the national security agencies take immediate steps to
strip the Unidentified Flying Objects of the special status they have been
given and the aura of mystery they have unfortunately acquired ... We
suggest that these aims may be achieved by an integrated program designed
to reassure the public of the total lack of evidence of inimical forces behind
the phenomena .. .’5
Put into context with fears then prevalent about a possible impending
nuclear war with the USSR, for example, the CIA had little alternative in
making such recommendations. Though the panel stated that ‘there was no
evidence of a direct threat to national security’ and that ‘no evidence of
hostile act or danger exists’, evidence to the contrary is abundant. As to the
alleged absence of any ‘hardware’, such evidence would be restricted to
those with a need to know.
An Air Force Intelligence colonel present at the meetings complained
afterwards that the CIA merely wanted to bury the subject. ‘We had over a
hundred of the strongest verified reports,’ he explained to Major Donald
Keyhoe. ‘The agents bypassed the best ones. The scientists saw just fifteen
cases, and the CIA men tried to pick holes in them. Fournet had sightings
by top military and airline pilots - even scientists ... I know those CIA
agents were only following orders, but once or twice I nearly blew up.’6
Dr J. Allen Hynek, one of the panel’s consultants on astronomy,
claimed many years later that although he was an associate member of the
panel, he had not been invited to participate in all the sessions. ‘I was
dissatisfied even then with what seemed to me a most cursory examination
of the data,’ he complained.7 Yet Hynek offered his full cooperation with
the debunking programme, as the report shows. And no wonder. According
to my information, in addition to being a consultant to Blue Book (and
other related projects8) he had been assigned for many years as a consultant
to the Office of Scientific Intelligence. Furthermore, he was well aware of
recovered alien vehicles and bodies, I learned from two sources, and had
even shown some photographs of these to a person known to me.
Dr David R. Saunders, who resigned in disgust as a member of the
University of Colorado UFO Committee set up by the Air Force in the late
sixties to debunk the subject, believed that the Robertson Panel Report, as
released, was a cover story, ‘conceived and executed for the dual purposes
of confusing foreign intelligence and reassuring the cadre of our own
establishment. There is ample precedent for the use of such double and
triple layers of security.. .’9
Though listed as an ‘associate’ on the panel, Frederick C. Durant, as a
CLA-appointed officer, was secretary to the panel and dealt directly with
the membership, and thus the Robertson Panel Report is commonly known
as the Durant Report. ‘Actually,’ he pointed out to me, ‘none of the
members of the panel wanted their names openly associated with UFOs or
the CIA, because their involvement was security classified.’10
In October 2004 I had the pleasure of spending a day in the company
of this charming and cultured gentleman. Now nearly ninety, his mental
acuity remains undiminished. He greeted me warmly, chiding me jokingly
about my interest in ‘flying saucers’. Since my interest in unidentified flying
objects is matched by an even longer interest in the identified variety, I
spent the first few hours happily discussing his career as a former Navy test
pilot as well as a missiles and rockets expert.
Long retired from the US Naval Reserve (with the rank of commander),
Durant’s memory is impressive: he named every single aircraft he had
flown, such as the F4F-3 Wildcat (‘a great plane’), the F6F Hellcat and the
F4U Corsair (‘that was my favourite - great acceleration on take-off). He
had also served as Flight Deck Officer as well as a pilot on the USS Sable
aircraft carrier. Following a period at the Naval Air Rocket Test Station,
Dover, New Jersey, he was transferred in 1951 as a Naval officer attached
to the CIA’s Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI). ‘I’ve been fully debriefed
now,’ he explained. ‘It was a fairly open assignment.’
Durant’s memories suddenly became vague, however, when we finally
got round to the dreaded UFO subject. I first asked if he could shed any
light on the ‘ghost rocket’ sightings of 1946. As an expert on guided missiles
and rockets, I assumed he must have drawn some conclusions, since the
ghost rockets are alluded to in Navy and CIA documents. ‘I have no
residual knowledge of this,’ he replied, somewhat hesitantly, though he did
imply that the rockets were neither German nor Russian in origin.
I asked about the hitherto Top Secret 1950 Canadian Government
memorandum, which states that, ‘The matter is the most highly classified
subject in the United States Government, rating higher even than the H-
bomb,’ and that a small group, headed by Dr Vannevar Bush, had been set
up to deal with the problem.
‘It’s overblown, that sort of writing,’ Durant retorted. ‘I never ran into
anything like that - I wasn’t in Intelligence then. It’s certainly sensational
but, honestly, I cannot connect threads to it with anything I came across
... I only casually met Vannevar Bush.’
Finally, I wanted Fred Durant’s opinion on the statement by former
CIA director Rear Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter in 1960 that ‘through
official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown
flying objects are nonsense’. ‘I think that’s true,’ he replied, ‘but only
because too many “high-ups” have been laughed at - it’s the “giggle factor”
- or, they’re excited about a project, go and investigate it, and it turns out
to be a hoax ... Simply, Timothy, if anything had been startling, I would
have known, eventually. You can't keep a secret in Washington ...’“

THE 4602ND AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON

The 4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron (AISS) comprised specialists
trained for field collection and investigation of matters pertinent to air-
intelligence interest in the so-called Zone of Interior (ZI) - unidentified
flying objects (‘UFOBs’) in particular - according to Air Force Regulation
(AFR) 200-2 (see p. 203). The squadron, set up in the late 1940s and based
at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado, adjacent to Air Defense Command
HQ, was highly mobile: flights were attached to air-defence divisions with
detachments in each of the defence forces.12
Researchers Brian Skow and Terry Endres cite further clarification of
the Squadron’s capabilities, contained in AFR 24-4 (January 1953). Mem-
bers of 4602nd were trained in ‘general intelligence procedures, written and
spoken foreign languages, technical intelligence investigation, photography
and photo interpretation, and such activities as may be necessary for the
accomplishment of the mission’. The unit also had the capacity to conduct
operations in remote areas of all climates and terrains and, as Skow and
Endres point out, its liaison programme guaranteed cooperation from all
military branches, and from many government agencies and civilian organisations 
at state and local levels.13
All information on UFOB sightings was to be promptly reported, with
electrical reports multiple-addressed to commanders of Air Defense Command 
and Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), and to the Director of
Intelligence at Air Force HQ. In some cases reports were forwarded to the
CIA and the National Security Agency (NSA), although there is no mention
of this in AFR 200-2, such information being restricted to those with a
need to know. Under ‘Release of Facts’, the regulation order states that:
Headquarters USAF will release summaries of evaluated data which
will inform the public on this subject. In response to local inquiries, it
is permissible to inform news media representatives on UFOBs when
the object is positively identified as a familiar object ... For those
objects which are not explainable, only the fact that ATIC will analyze
the data is worthy of release, due to the many unknowns involved.14

FURTHER DISAPPEARANCES

One evening in June 1953, an F-94C Starfire interceptor of the Air National
Guard was scrambled to intercept a UFO at Otis Air Force Base, Cape Cod,
Massachusetts. The following is extracted from a written report by retired
Master Sergeant Clarence O. Dargie, who had been stationed at Otis at the
time of the incident:
‘Just after dark an F-94C with classified electronic gear on board took
off in a westerly direction,’ Dargie told investigator Raymond E. Fowler.
The crew consisted of the pilot, Captain Suggs, and the radar officer
[R/O], Lt. [Robert] Barkhoff. According to the pilot’s testimony, shortly
after breaking ground - at an altitude of 1,500 feet over the Base Rifle
Range - the engine quit functioning and the entire electrical system
failed. As the aircraft’s nose dropped towards the ground at an ever-
increasing angle, the pilot stop-cocked the throttle and yelled to the R/O
to bail out.’
The normal bail-out sequence in this particular type of aircraft calls
for the R/O to jettison the canopy by pulling a lever which activates
explosive bolts, then pulling a second handle which ejects him from
the aircraft by means of an explosive device under the seat. The pilot,
upon hearing the second explosion, which tells him that the R/O is
clear of the aircraft, is then free to eject. In this case, however, the
pilot ejected immediately after the R/O jettisoned the canopy because
the aircraft had now descended to about 600 feet at a steep angle and
was about 3 seconds from impact.
The parachute opened and acted as an airbrake to slow the pilot
down and stopped his forward motion just as his feet hit the ground.
He landed in the backyard of a house near the base, and the first
indication that the owner had that there was something amiss was
when he heard Captain Suggs calling out to his R/O, ‘Bob, where are
you?’
The R/O could not be found and the pilot had a difficult time
convincing the owner that his aircraft had crashed because the man
had been sitting near an open-screened window and had heard
nothing. The crippled plane should have crashed near where Suggs
landed but it wasn’t there. This caused one of the most extensive and
intensive searches I have ever seen ... The Cape was literally combed,
both on foot and from the air for three months without turning up a
thing.
‘In view of the fact that the pilot stop-cocked the throttle and the pilot
was descending at a steep angle only 600 feet from the ground when the
pilot ejected, we can discount the possibility that the aircraft crashed in
water,’ Dargie continued.
The aircraft had a full fuel supply aboard and if it did not explode in
flames on impact, it would have left a large fuel slick on the surface
... This whole event took place in a well-populated area at the height
of the tourist season. If it did crash in that area, it would have created
a detonation heard for miles; yet, no explosion was heard ... As I
recall, the canopy was found on the rifle range, which would indicate
that whatever happened took place in close proximity to the airfield
proper.
What caused the complete and simultaneous failure of all engine
and electrical systems? ... the pilot swears that, without warning, the
cockpit lights, navigation lights, instruments, radio and engine simply
went dead ... Some of the circumstances involved in this case were
classified and I have had to frame my story around them. Jets of this
nature were dispatched to intercept aerial objects that failed to respond
to radar identification. It was on just this type of mission that this
aircraft vanished.15
Reporter Bob Pratt obtained a copy of the accident investigation report
from Norton AFB. ‘They claim the plane was up at 8,000 feet, had been up
there 20 minutes, caught fire, and they both bailed out and the plane and
the man in the back seat simply disappeared into the sea. And they refused
to release to me the testimony of the pilot ... claiming it would impugn
his reputation.’16
On an undisclosed date, possibly in 1953, radar at an Air Force base in
Florida picked up a ‘blip’ as a UFO circled over the airbase. Three
interceptors were scrambled to intercept.17 Leonard Stringfield reports:
As the jets climbed skyward the UFO continued its circling manoeuvre;
then it levelled off, heading toward them. Trying to avoid a collision,
the jets spread out. Then the UFO accelerated to a higher elevation,
leaving the interceptors under it. Suddenly and inexplicably the jets
vanished from the scope. Said Keyhoe: ‘It was as though the UFO
swallowed up the jets. Then the UFO made a turn and streaked off the
scope. The radar had over a 200-mile range, but there was no trace of
the three jets or the UFO.’18
In conversation with Bob Pratt in 1978, Donald Keyhoe said he had
heard of the case via two Air Force colonels and had interviewed two
witnesses separately: no inconsistencies were found in their accounts.19
Stringfield cites an alarming case revealed to him by an assistant crew
chief who had been attached to the 64th Fighter Intercept Squadron at
Ernest Harmon AFB, Newfoundland. The source, who held a high security
clearance, said that in the summer of 1953, two F-94 Starfire jets were
scrambled when an uncorrelated target was picked up on base radar. One
jet’s engine had stalled in a ‘hot start’ and went off on to an apron beside
the runway. ‘The second jet got off OK,’ said the source, ‘and in a minute
it was up in the clouds ... we heard the pilot radio that he had visual
confirmation of the UFO and then he said it had locked in on his short-
range radar. He gave his speed and altitude and then said he was going into
a steep climb to give chase.
‘That was the last we heard. No Mayday, no nothing. The next thing I
knew was the jet going straight down in a dive. It crashed into a mountain.’
A special detachment sent to the crash site had to dig to 40 feet to retrieve
the remains. The case was hushed up and the base put on red alert,
Stringfield learned.20

THE GREAT LAKES TRIANGLE

On the afternoon of 27 August 1953, John W. Wilson, the pilot of an F-86
Sabre jet flying over southern Lake Michigan, made a fragmentary distress
call from 15,000 feet. He was cut off in mid-sentence. A newspaper report
the next day stated that search crews found no trace of the plane or pilot,
in spite of the fact that Lieutenant Garrett, flying another F-86 about 500
feet behind Wilson’s plane, witnessed the tragedy. ‘I heard Wilson call base
saying there was an emergency and indicating he would bail out,’ said
Garrett. ‘But almost as he spoke the plane flew apart. No parachute was
seen and I believe Wilson never got out of his seat.’21
This is one of several cases I include in this book that are cited in The
Great Lakes Triangle by Jay Gourley,22 an aviator turned journalist who has
made a special study of mysterious accidents and disappearances of planes
and ships in the Great Lakes area.
On the afternoon of 23 November 1953, an F-89C Scorpion jet of the
433rd Fighter Interceptor Squadron (FIS), based at Truax AFB, Wisconsin,
crashed into a marsh beside Lake Wingra, in the suburbs of Madison. The
pilot, Captain Glen E. Collins, and his observer, First Lieutenant John W.
Schmidt, were killed. Scores of people witnessed the crash. ‘Several witnesses 
said a saucer flew near the plane, just before it dived into a swamp,’
broadcaster Frank Edwards told Major Keyhoe.23
At around 18:15 on the same date, an Air Defense Command ground-
controlled intercept (GCI) controller was alerted by the presence of an
unidentified and unscheduled target on his radarscope in the vicinity of
Soo Locks, Michigan. Another F-89C - #51-5853A, also from the 433rd
FIS24 - was scrambled from Kinross AFB, piloted by Lieutenant Felix
Moncla Jr and his observer, Lieutenant R.R. Wilson, in the rear seat.
As he vectored the F-89 to the target, the GCI controller noted that the
unidentified air traffic changed course as the plane approached at over 500
mph. Nine minutes went by. Gradually the F-89 closed the gap, and the
controller advised the men that the target should now be in sight. Suddenly
the two ‘blips’ on the GCI radarscope merged into one, as if they had
collided. For a moment a single blip remained on the scope, but then it
disappeared. Marking the position, the controller flashed an emergency
message to Search and Rescue. Possibly Moncla and Wilson had baled out
in time - possibly not.
After an all-night air/sea rescue search, not a trace of wreckage or the
missing men was found. ‘The plane was followed by radar until it merged
with an object 70 miles off Keweenaw Point in upper Michigan,’ an Air
Force press release stated tersely.25,26
Just before noon on 1 July 1954, an unknown aerial object was tracked
over New York State by Griffiss AFB radar. An F-94 Starfire jet was
scrambled and the pilot climbed steeply towards the target, guided by his
radar observer in the back seat. ‘When a gleaming disc-shaped machine
became visible he started to close in,’ reports Keyhoe.
Abruptly a furnace-like heat filled the cockpit. Gasping for breath,
the pilot jettisoned the canopy. Through a blur of heat waves he
saw the radar observer bail out. Stunned, without even thinking, he
ejected himself from the plane. The cool air and the jerk of his opening 
parachute aroused him. He was horrified to see the jet diving
toward the heart of a town. The F-94, screaming down into Walesville,
NY, smashed through a building and burst into flames. Plunging on,
the fiery wreckage careened into a car.
Four died in the disaster - a man and his wife and their two infant
children. Five other Walesville residents were injured, two of them
seriously. ‘Soon after the pilot came down, at the edge of town, a reporter
appeared on the scene,’ Keyhoe continues. ‘Still half dazed, the pilot told
him about the strange heat. Before he could tell the whole story, an Air
Force car arrived. The pilot and radar observer were hurried back to Griffiss
AFB. Interviews were prohibited, and when the Walesville reporter’s story
of the sudden heat was published the Air Force quickly denied it. There
was no mystery, headquarters told the press, merely engine trouble.’
In 1968 Keyhoe learned from a USAF officer that the F-94 pilot had
reported a separate effect apart from the heat. ‘Something made his mind
black out,’ said the officer. ‘He couldn’t even remember bailing out. He did
recall the sudden heat and he saw the radar observer eject himself. But
everything was blank from then on until his parachute opened ... [The
radar observer] was stunned too, but he didn’t black out. Of course, he got
out sooner than the pilot.’27 In The Great Lakes	, Jay Gourley
reports a number of instances where pilots or passengers, or both, have
suffered a similar loss of memory.
Questioned by Gourley about the Walesville disaster, the distinguished
author Dr Jacques Vallee (who gives the date as 2 July 1954) said that
Lieutenant William E. Atkins had been the pilot, and Henry Coudon the
radar observer. After bailing out, Atkins had landed near Westmoreland,
New York, and Coudon near Cary Corner, New York.28
Jay Gourley cites a statistical analysis of aircraft disasters in this area by
a National Transportation Safety Board statistician, who found that the Great
Lakes accounted for more of these strange accidents than even the Bermuda
Triangle. On 23 August 1954, for example, the pilot of a Royal Canadian
Air Force (RCAF) twin-jet CF-100 interceptor baled out near the north
shore of Lake Ontario, explaining later that the aircraft became impossible
to control. ‘Publicly, the Canadian Defence Headquarters refuses to reveal
the cause of the accident,’ writes Gourley. ‘The official cause is classified
secret. I have seen this secret file. It says the scientists who studied the case
could not determine what caused the jet to become unmanageable.’29
On 27 September 1960 a Royal Canadian Air Force CF-100 Canuck
twin-jet interceptor (#18469) took off on a routine mission, followed by
another CF-100, trailing the lead plane by just a few miles. Over Lake
Ontario, conditions were good, with light cirrus clouds and excellent
visibility. However, as 18469 entered the cirrus, it vanished instantly.
‘The airborne eyewitness’s account might raise questions about attentiveness,
’ reports aviator Jay Gourley, ‘except that a clear white contrail (or
vapour trail) remained for some time. It ended, but not in the normal way.
The contrail was not changing altitude into warmer or drier air [and]
didn’t end in an explosion ... It simply ended as though both engines had
simultaneously flamed out. [But] why didn’t the pilot simply explain his
problem over the radio, then bail out?’
Gourley has seen some of the classified documents pertaining to this
event. The case is unexplained, and both the interceptor and its crew of
two were never found.30 Although no unidentified objects were reported in
the vicinity (within the Great Lakes Triangle), the similarity of this case to
the many other aircraft disappearances involving UFOs warrants its inclusion 
here.

FURTHER AERIAL EVENTS

At midnight on 19 October 1953, an American Airlines DC-6 en route to
Washington, DC, was buzzed by an unknown object over Conowingo Dam,
north of Baltimore, Maryland. The object appeared to be heading towards
the airliner on a collision course, so Captain J.L. Kidd threw the plane into
a dive as the UFO streaked overhead and disappeared. Several passengers
were thrown into the aisle, and Captain Kidd radioed to Washington
Airport for ambulances and doctors. The UFO was estimated to be as large
as the DC-6 (length 100 feet, span 117 feet). No other aircraft within a
100-mile area were near the airliner.31
Harold T. Wilkins cites a series of strange accidents to commercial
aircraft taking off or landing at Newark, New Jersey, in 1953. ‘So serious
was the loss of life that public protests forced the authorities to close this
airport/ he writes. ‘All that was said was that “for some reason unknown
the planes went out of control and suddenly crashed”. It is odd that
“running out of fuel” was the reason advanced for crashes and force-
landings of British and American jets in England and West Germany on
January 11, 1954, and December 16, 1953/ He also pointed out that in
1954 the Royal Danish Air Force grounded all its Thunderjets and Sabre
jets after numerous disasters.32
Clarence L. ‘Kelly* Johnson was one of the greatest aeronautical engineers 
of all time, and oversaw the development of many of the Lockheed
Aircraft Corporation’s famous aircraft, such as the F-94 Starfire and U-2
spyplane. At around 17:00 on 16 December 1953, Johnson and his wife
were at their ranch near Agoura, California, when a dark elliptical shape
appeared in the sky. Initially stationary, it then began to move, accelerating
away in a shallow climb. It seemed to be very large and distant.
Coincidentally, at 16:58, the test crew of a newly built Navy Airborne
Early Warning (AEW) four-engine Lockheed WV-2 aircraft, flying in the
vicinity at 16,000 feet, spotted an unknown object. In the cockpit were
Rudy Thoren and Roy Winner, assisted by Joseph F. Ware Jr - all highly
experienced test pilots - as well as Charlie Crugan, a veteran company
pilot, and Lockheed’s chief aerodynamicist, Philip A. Colman. One could
not wish for better qualified witnesses.
‘Thoren turned the WV-2 a bit to the right to head toward the object,’
reports UFO investigator Joel Carpenter. ‘It appeared to be a very large
aircraft of some type, but as it remained stationary and unchanged in shape
over at least a five-minute period (note how this corresponds to Johnson’s
observation of a stationary object), they became more and more intrigued.
Thoren finally diverted from his course [and] flew toward it at about 225
mph for some time without appearing to gain on it at all... Within a few
moments it appeared to head west directly away from them at high speed,
remaining dark and solid-looking the entire time as it dwindled to a tiny
dot.’
‘I should state that for at least five years I have definitely believed in
the possibility that flying saucers exist,’ Kelly Johnson declared in a report
sent to Air Technical Intelligence Center. ‘Having seen this particular object
on December 16th, I am now more firmly convinced than ever that such
devices exist, and I have some highly technical converts in this belief as of
that date.. .’33

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Iahn, Tim, ‘The Iahn Interceptor Files’, Magazine (US), Vol. 14, No. 2,
February 1999, pp. 44-7.
2. Blechman, Fred, ‘True Tales From the Fred Baron: Seeing UFOs!’ Airport
Centennial, Colorado, May 2005.
3. Iahn, op. cit.
4. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many others), Greyden Press, Columbus, Ohio,
1997, pp. 98-9.
5. Durant, F.C., ‘Report of Meetings of Scientific Advisory Panel on Unidentified
Flying Objects Convened by Office of Scientific Intelligence, CLA’ (Secret/Security
Information), January 14-18, 1953.
6. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, Panther Books, St Albans, 1975, p. 86.
7. Slate, B. Ann and Druffel, Ann, ‘UFOs and the CLA Cover-Up, UFO Report, Vol.
2, No. 4, New York, 1975, p. 20.
8. Projects Saucer, Sign, Grudge and Blue Book spawned smaller, related projects,
whose work was not necessarily shared with the parent project. These included
Projects Golden Eagle, Henry, Stork and White Stork.
9. Saunders, Dr David R. and Harkins, R. Roger, UFOs? Yes!: Where the Condon
Committee Went Wrong, Signet, New York, 1968, p. 105.
10. Letter, 1 December 2005.
11. Personal interview, Raleigh, North Carolina, 23 October 2004.
12. Air Force Regulation No. 200-2, ‘Intelligence: Unidentified Flying Objects
Reporting (Short Title: UFOB)’, Department of the Air Force, Washington, 18
August 1954.
13. Skow, Brian and Endres, Terry, ‘The 4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron
and UFOs’, International UFO Reporter, Vol. 20, No. 5, Winter 1995, pp. 9-10.
14. Air Force Regulation No. 200-2.
15. Fowler, Raymond E., UFOs: Interplanetary Visitors, Exposition Banner, New
Jericho, NY 11753, 1974, pp. 288-91.
16. Pratt, Bob, ‘Conversations with Major Donald Keyhoe’. www.bobpratt.org/
keyhoe.html
17. Ibid.
18. Stringfield, op. cit., pp. 143-4.
19. Pratt, op. cit.
20. Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege, Doubleday, New York,
1977, p. 142.
21. Chicago Tribune, 28 August 1953.
22. Gourley, Jay, The Great Lakes Triangle, Fawcett, Greenwich, CT, 1977, p. 33.
23. Heath, Gord, ‘What Really Happened to Lt. Gene Moncla?’ UFOBC
Vol. 8, No. 1, Winter 2003, pp. 7-14. www.ufobc.ca
24. Ibid.
25. Ibid.
26. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., The Flying Saucer	,	Hutchinson,	London,
1957, pp. 11-19.
27. Keyhoe, Major Donald, Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, Panther, UK, pp. 35-6.
28. Gourley, op. cit., pp. 44-5.
29. Ibid., p. 31.
30. Ibid., pp. 57-8.
31. Keyhoe, The Flying Saucer Conspiracy, pp. 48-9.
32. Wilkins, Harold T., Flying Saucers Uncensored, Arco, London, 1956, pp. 136-7.
33. Carpenter, Joel, ‘The Lockheed UFO Case, 1953’, International UFO Reporter, Vol.
26, No. 3, Fall 2001, pp. 3-9, 33.


DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.26 January 1953
Henry Holt & Company
383 Madison Avenue New York 17, N.Y.Dear Sirs:
This will Acknowledge your letter of recent date regarding
a proposed book on "flying saucers" by Major Donald E. Keyhoe,
U.S. Marine Corps, retired.
We in the Air Force recognise Major Keyboe as a responsible,
accurate reporter. His long association and cooperation with the
Air Foroe, in our study of unidentified flying objeots, qualifies
him as a leading civilian authority on this investigation.
All the sighting reports and other information he listed have
been cleared and made available to Major Keyhoe from Air Technical
Intelligence records, at his request.
The Air Force, and its investigating agency, "Project Blue book",
are aware of Major Keyhoe's conclusion that the "Flying Saucers" are
from another planet. The Air Force has never denied that this
possibility exists. Some of the personnel believe that there may
be some strange natural phenomena completely unknown to us, but that
if the apparently controlled maneuvers reported by many competent
observers are correct, then the only remaining explanation is the
interplanetary answer.
Air Force Press Desk
‘We in the Air Force recognize Major Keyhoe as a responsible, accurate reporter
... if the apparently controlled maneuvers reported by many competent observers are
correct, then the only remaining explanation is the interplanetary one.’ A letter from a
US Air Force Press Officer replying to an inquiry by Keyhoe’s publisher.
(US Department of Defense)


UFO Report
 53-2
Attachment 10
Brief Sworn Statement
by witness
I,............ do solemnly swear that during a special
assignment with the U.S. Air Force on May 21, 1953, I assisted in
the investigation of a crashed unknown object in the vicinity of
Kingman, Arizona.
The object was constructed of an unfamiliar metal which
resembled brushed aluminum. It had Impacted 20 inches into the
sand without any sign of structural damage. It was oval and about
30 feet in diameter. An entranceway hatch had been vertically
lowered and opened. It was about 3 1/2 feet high and 1 1/2 feet wide.
I was able to talk briefly with someone on the team who did look
inside only briefly. He saw 2 swivel seats, an oval cabin, and a
lot of instruments and displays.
A tent pitched near the object sheltered the dead remains of
the only occupant of the craft. It was about 4 feet tall, dark
brown complexion and had 2 eyes, 2 nostrils, 2 ears, and a small
round mouth. It was clothed in a silvery metallic suit and wore a
skull cap of the same type of material. It wore no face covering
or helmet.
I certify that the above statement is true by affixing my
signature to this document this day of June 7, 1973.
Signature
Date Signed: 7 June 1953	
Witnessed by:
Date Signed :	June 7, 1973
An affidavit signed by Arthur Stansel, hitherto known as ‘Fritz Werner’, witnessed by
investigator Raymond E. Fowler, testifying to having assisted in the investigation of a
crashed disc in the vicinity of Kingman, Arizona, in May 1953. On several occasions
Stansel has hinted that he himself, as opposed to ‘someone on the team’, looked
inside the craft. (Raymond E. Fowler)


- 5 -
November 1953 to November 1958
Employer:
Wright Air Development Center, Aircraft Laboratory,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Position:
Supervisory Engineer
Duty Summary:
As Chief of Alighting Devices for Aircraft Laboratory,
had technical cognizance over all research, development, 
design, and testing of Air Force landing gear,
skis, skids, cross-wind gear, and associated controls
and instruments. Project conceiver and coordinator
for Task Force SLIDE held in the Arctic Ocean,
Greenland, and Minnesota. Primary accomplishments
were in the area of organizing large task forces of
military, civilian, and contractor personnel for projects 
whose annual costs averaged $700 million.
June 1949 to November 1953
Employer:
Air Material Command, Installations Division,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Position:
Mechanical Engineer
Duty Summary:
Performed engineering design of Air Force engine
test cells. Also performed research and development
of techniques for determining blast effects on buildings
and structures. Was Project Engineer for Air Force
Buildings and Structures portion of Operation Upshot/
Knothole held at the Atomic Proving Ground, Nevada.
PUBLICATIONS
"Dynamometer vs Propeller Loading for Engine Testing, " AMC, 1953
"Design Aspects
of Space Vehicles” (Co-Author). WADC. 1956
"A Digitized Control System for Minuteman Missile, " Curtiss - Wright, 1961"AN/USQ-28 Photo Navigation Viewfinder Simulator, " Autometric
Corporation, 1962
A page from Arthur Stansel’s CV listing his employment details during the relevant
period. He has authored other publications in addition to those cited here. In 1973,
when he signed the affidavit, he worked as Aerospace Programs Manager with the
Raytheon Company (Equipment Division). (Raymond E. Fowler)


MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL TWINING
The President expects you to attend the Extraodinary
Meeting of the National Security Council in tho Broadcast
Room of the White House, Thursday, July 16, at 9:00 A.M.
The program trill be explained in detail at the meeting.
It is advisable not to plan any other engagements before
6:00 P.M. on that day.
Due to the nature of the Meeting, it is necessary- to
take special security precautions and to maintain absolute
secrecy regarding participation in, as well as the substance
of, the Meeting. It is requested that you enter the White
House grounds via the Southeast Entrance not later than
8:45 A.M. and descend from your car at the South (Diplomatic)
Entrance of the Mansion. Your car should be discharged and
not wait anywhere in the vicinity of the White House.
The President expects you to lunch with him at the
White House at 12:30 P.M.In order to avoid communication on this subject, it is
understood that in the absence of contrary word your concurrence 
in the above arrangements is assumed.
ROBERT CUTLER
Special Assistant
to the President
/TOP SECRETSecurity Information

A hitherto Top Secret memorandum from the White House to General Nathan Twining 
in July 1953, which probably relates to a meeting of the MJ-12 group.
(The National Archives, Washington)


/TOP SECRET
Security Information
THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON
July 13, 1953
Need To Know
July 14, 1954
TOP SECRET RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION
MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL TWINING
SUBJECT: NCC/MJ-12 
Special Studies Project

The Preident has decided that the MJ-12 SSP briefing
should take place during the already scheduled White House
meeting of July 16, rather than following it as previously
intended. More precise arrangements will be explained to
you upon arrival. Please alter your plans accordingly.
Your concurrence in the above change of arrangements
is assumed.
ROBERT CUTER
Special Assistant
to the President
COPYfrom	|
NATIONAL ARCHIVES 
	
A memorandum for General Twining relating to a briefing of the MJ-12 group.
(The National Archives, Washington)


AFR 200-2
1-5
AIR FORCE REGULATION 
NO. 200-2	
DEPARTMENT OP THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, 12 AUGUST 1954INTELLIGENCE
Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting (Short Title: UFOB)
ParagraphPurpose and Scope 	    1
Definitions	 -	    2
Objectives	    3
Responsibility	-	-	     4Guidance	      5
ZI Collection	     6
Reporting 7
 Evidence	   8 
 Release of Facts	9
 
1. Purpose and Scope. This Regulation es-
tablishes procedures for reporting information
and evidence pertaining to unidentified flying
objects and sets forth the responsibility of Air
Force activities in this regard. It applies to all
Air Force activities.
2. Definitions:
a. Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOB)-
Relates to any airborne object which by perform-
ance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual
features does not conform to any presently known
aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be
positively identified as a familiar object.
b. Familiar Objects-Include balloons, astronomical 
bodies, birds, and so forth.
3. Objectives. Air Force interest in unidentified 
flying objects is twofold: First as a possible
threat to the security of the United States and
its forces, and secondly, to determine technical
aspects involved.
a. Air Defense. To date, the flying objects
reported have imposed no threat to the security
of the United States and its Possessions. However, 
the possibility that new air vehicles, hostile
aircraft or missiles may first be regarded as flying
objects by the initial observer is real. This requires 
that sightings be reported rapidly and as
completely as information permits.
b. Technical. Analysis thus far has failed
to provide a satisfactory explanation for a number 
of sightings reported. The Air Force will
continue to collect and analyse reports until all
sightings can be satisfactorily explained, bearing
in mind that:
(1)	To measure scientific advances, the
Air Force must be informed on experimentation 
and development of new
air vehicles.
(2) The possibility exists that an air vehicle 
of revolutionary configuration
may be developed.
(3) The reporting of all pertinent factors
will have a direct bearing on the success 
of the technical analysis.
4. Responsibility :a. Reporting. Commanders of Air Force
activities will report all information and evidence
that may come to their attention, including that
received from adjacent commands of the other
services and from civilians.
b. Investigation. Air Defense Command
will conduct all field investigations within the
ZI, to determine the identity of any UFOB.
c. Anaysis. The Air Technical Intelligence
Center (ATIC), Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Ohio, will analyse and evaluate: All information 
and evidence reported within the ZI
after the Air Defense Command has exhausted
all efforts to identify the UFOB; and all information 
and evidenoe collected in oversea areas.
d. Cooperation. All activities will cooperate
with Air Defense Command representatives to
insure the economical and prompt success of an
investigation, including the furnishing of air and
ground transportation, when feasible.
5. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality
of a report or investigation into incidents of unidentified 
flying objects are limited only by the
resourcefulness and imagination of the person
responsible for preparing the report. Guidance
set forth below is based on experience and has
been found helpful in evaluating incidents:
a. Theodolite measurements of changes of
asimuth and elevation and angular size.
b.	Interception, identification, or air search
*This Regulation supersedes AFR 200-2, August 1953, including Change 2002A, 2 November 1953
The first page from US Air Force Regulation No. 200-2, 12 August 1954.
(The National Archives, Washington)


FIGURE 8 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING
RELIABILITY GROUPS WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTIONS
FOR EACH GROUP
A-7496


A page from Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 (5 May 1955). Note that the
highest number of ‘unknown’ sightings are in the categories of ‘good’ and ‘excellent’
reliability - at variance with the US Air Force’s official position. (US Air Force)


==============================================================================
16. SPECIAL POWERS

In early 1954 airline pilots in the United States who sighted UFOs became
subject to military restrictions contained in a Joint Army-Navy-Air Force
Publication (JANAP), promulgated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and could
find themselves liable to prison terms of up to ten years and/or fines of
$10,000 if they discussed their sightings with the media or the public. These
restrictions were first imposed during a conference between airline representatives 
and intelligence officers of the Military Air Transport Service
(MATS) in Los Angeles on 17 February 1954.1 (MATS - now MAC, the
Military Airlift Command - is the USAF’s major command that relates to
and conducts liaison with civilian commercial aviation.)
The subject of JANAP 146 was ‘Communication Instructions for
Reporting Vital Intelligence Sightings (CIRVIS)’. Unidentified flying objects
are listed separately from aircraft and missiles. Citing Espionage Laws,
the order states that, ‘The unauthorized transmission or revelation of the
contents of CIRVIS reports in any manner is prohibited.’2 Though few civil
pilots were adversely affected by this regulation, airline companies  discouraged 
public disclosure of sightings, sometimes threatening pilots with loss
of their jobs.
Alarming aerial encounters, mostly involving military aircraft, continued 
unabated. L. Fletcher Prouty, a retired US Air Force colonel, is a
distinguished author of several authoritative books on intelligence matters.
A pilot in the Second World War, he spent his last nine years of service in
the Pentagon as the official focal-point officer, first for the Air Force and
then for the entire Defense Department, with the CIA (clandestine operations). 
He was also one of five USAF officers who established the North
American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). I interviewed him in
Washington in 1994.
When commanding an Air Force heavy transport squadron in Tokyo
in 1953-54, Prouty received an intriguing message from the Pentagon:
Our crew was covering nearly half the world, every day, back and
forth. And one day, I got an official wire from Headquarters, Air Force
- a top-secret wire, for ‘my eyes only’ - that if ever any of my crewmen
saw something that they did not recognize and could not rationalize -
in flight - they were to report to me and I was to get sworn statements
and to put those statements in an envelope and to ship them to a
certain office in the Pentagon ... commanders in relevant positions
got the same order, and we got them all over the world.
One day a crew came in, six to seven months later. They’d been
on a flight from Hawaii to Tokyo, that in those days took twenty-four
hours, landing at Midway Island for fuel. And, as I recall, between
Midway and Tokyo they saw something. So the commander came in
[and] he had a twelve-man crew and they were all standing behind
him. He said: ‘We all saw this thing last night, and it persisted; it
stayed there, it went with us, it went off.’ So immediately I said: ‘Stop!’
I put them in twelve separate rooms in the barracks. I put a military
policeman with each one, I put a recorder with each one, and then
put copies of the questions into the rooms, and each one had to
answer the questions after they had told their own narrative story. So
then I wrapped it all up in a bundle and shipped it to Washington -
and never heard another word about it.
Colonel Prouty told me that, in addition to the crew, all sixty passengers
observed the large unknown object, which flew close beside the C-54
transport for over an hour at its altitude of 9,000 feet.3
A more frightening top-secret incident involving an Air Force transport
flying at night between Hawaii and Japan occurred in 1958. ‘Without any
warning, there was a blinding flash, like an explosion, near the transport,’
reports Major Donald Keyhoe. ‘Then the plane’s radar picked up a UFO
pacing the plane. The captain fired a challenge rocket, and a red flare came
in answer, followed by a second, blue-green explosion, then a final red
flare.’ Keyhoe continues:
No damage was done, and the UFO soon went off the radar, but the
alarmed crew stayed on watch the rest of the night. In a verbatim copy
of the AF Intelligence debriefing, confidentially given to me by an AF
source, the captain said he was convinced they were ‘shot at’. The
Intelligence debriefing officer, a colonel, added another, more ominous
statement: ‘The entire crew ... were aware of the incidents in which
multi-engined Air Force transports have disappeared while flying
between - and-. The crew believed that what happened to them was
related to the previous disappearances.’ Several AF planes had vanished
between Guam and Japan, and the inked-out words evidently were the
names of those locations.4
Leonard Stringfield learned in 1955 from an Air Force major of another
disturbing incident that had occurred sometime within this time frame. ‘I
can’t give you all the details,’ began the major, ‘but one case scares the hell
out of me. And, for God’s sake, don’t use my name.’
This case happened in Iceland while I was stationed there with the Air
Force. It began when radar picked up two UFOs approaching our base
at fast speed. In the area we had a jet fighter on a routine mission, so
Operations vectored it in for intercept. We heard the pilot confirm the
UFO on radio, then suddenly we lost contact. The next thing we saw
was the jet plunge into the water. The waters were shallow and we
recovered the jet and the bodies of the two airmen.
We couldn’t explain the crash, and there were a number of other
things we couldn’t explain. Anyway, the case was closed when the
adjutant notified the next of kin that the officers were killed while
flying on a routine training mission .. .5
An R7V-1 Super Constellation four-engined military transport with
forty-two passengers on board mysteriously vanished en route from its base
at Patuxent River Naval Air Station, Maryland, to Lajes in the Azores, on
30 October 1954. In his book Into the Bermuda	, Gian J. Quasar, a
pilot and leading authority on this subject, reports that messages from the
plane were routine up to the point when it passed Bermuda. Nothing
further was heard.
An intensive search failed to recover any bodies or even a single item
of wreckage. Although there is no evidence to link this disaster with
nefarious UFO activity, I am convinced that the disappearance of hundreds
of planes and ships in the Bermuda Triangle - like the Great Lakes Triangle
and various other locations around the world - is indeed related to such
activity. Concluded the Naval Board of Inquiry:
It is the opinion of the Board that R7V-1 BuNo [Bureau of Aeronautics
number] 128441 did meet with a sudden and violent force, that
rendered the aircraft no longer airworthy, and was thereby beyond
the scope of human endeavour to control. The force that rendered the
aircraft uncontrollable is unknown .. .6

TAKE US TO YOUR LEADER’

Why, I am often asked, do aliens not contact our leaders? It would seem
that they have.
Rumours persist that on 20 February 1954, President Dwight D.
Eisenhower was spirited away during a Palm Springs vacation for a meeting
with aliens at the top-secret Edwards (then Muroc) Air Force Base,
California. Desmond Leslie, a former RAF pilot and co-author of an early
book on the subject, learned from a USAF officer that a disc, estimated to
be 100 feet in diameter, had landed on the runway on a certain day. Men
returning from leave were suddenly not allowed back on the base. The disc
was allegedly housed under guard in Hangar 27, and Eisenhower was taken
to see it.7 Circumstantial evidence suggests that something extraordinary
did indeed happen that day.
Gabriel Green, an American researcher, spoke to a military officer who
claims to have witnessed the arrival of the craft at Muroc. ‘At the time I
was engaged in firing practice, under the command of a general,’ said the
officer. ‘We were shooting at a number of targets when suddenly five UFOs
came flying overhead. The general ordered all the batteries to fire at the
craft. We did so, but our fire had no effect on them. We stopped firing,
and then we saw the UFOs land at one of the base’s big hangars.’ Two
other witnesses, Don Johnson and Paul Umbrello, also claim to have
witnessed one of the disc-shaped craft near Muroc on the evening of 20
February.8
Lord Clancarty, better known as Brinsley Le Poer Trench, the pioneering 
UFO author, spoke to a USAF test pilot, a retired colonel, who claimed
to have been present at Muroc during the Eisenhower visit. ‘The pilot says
he was one of six people at the meeting,’ Lord Clancarty told a reporter.
‘Five alien craft landed at the base. Two were cigar-shaped and three were
saucer-shaped. The aliens looked human-like, but not exactly,’ he said,
adding that they had the same proportions as humans and were able to
breathe our atmosphere. They did not say where they came from. The
aliens spoke English, and supposedly informed the President that they
wanted to start an ‘educational programme’ for the people of Earth in
order to make mankind more aware of their presence here.9
Unnerved, Eisenhower reportedly indicated to them that he did not
think the world was ready, and that such a revelation would create a very
difficult situation for everybody. According to the test pilot, the aliens
seemed to understand. They indicated that they would continue to make
further isolated contacts with humans. A demonstration of their ability to
overcome gravity and to make their craft invisible ensued. ‘This disturbed
the President greatly,’ said the pilot, ‘because now none of us could see
them, although we knew they were there.’10
Others present are said to have included Franklin Allen of the Hearst
Newspapers, Cardinal James MacIntyre, bishop and head of the Catholic
Church in Los Angeles, and Edwin Nourse of the Brookings Institution
(who had been President Truman’s financial adviser).11 The security check
before the event is stated to have taken about six hours.12
Whatever the truth, Eisenhower, who had been staying with his friend
Paul Roy Helms at the Smoke Tree Ranch in Palm Springs, ostensibly for a
golfing holiday, ‘disappeared’ for four hours on 20 February, leading to
pandemonium when he failed to turn up for a press conference. The official
explanation? Eisenhower had lost a cap on a tooth, necessitating a trip to a
local dentist. No evidence for the dental trip (such as White House memos)
has ever emerged.13
I have learned from a reliable source that sometime after the Eisenhower 
incident, two scientists were taken by jeep to a meeting with aliens
‘somewhere in the desert’. A friend of the source rode ‘shotgun’ in the jeep,
together with his buddy in the military. At the rendezvous point was a
landed disc, and the scientists went aboard. Supposedly, a discussion on a
‘transfer of technology’ ensued for a couple of hours. At the time, the
source’s friend worked for a small military detachment and held Alpha
clearance: he later became a CIA officer.
No additional details are available to me. However, the information
tends to corroborate what I have learned from other sources: that since the
1940s communications with an elite group of US military and scientific
intelligence personnel have been established, and that there has been a
transfer of technology. That an arranged meeting with a president of the
United States might subsequently have taken place seems entirely logical to
me, given the potentially grave nuclear situation facing Earth.

Another alien encounter in 1954 was reported by Air Marshal Sir Peter
Horsley, a former pilot who flew numerous types of aircraft during and
following the Second World War (such as the Mosquito, Spitfire, Meteor,
Hunter, Lightning and Vulcan). Sir Peter had been Deputy Commander-
in-Chief, RAF Strike Command, and spent seven years in the service of
HM the Queen and HRH Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, as equerry. It
was during this latter period that Sir Peter had an experience that had a
profound effect on him - a two-hour meeting with an apparently extraterrestrial 
human being - as revealed in his autobiography, Sounds From
Another Room,14 and published in an extensive account in my Alien Base.
Sir Peter shared his interest in the UFO mystery with Air Chief Marshal
Sir Arthur Barratt, who introduced him to a British Army friend, a General
Martin, who believed that aliens were trying to warn us of the perils of
nuclear war. One day in 1954, Martin invited Sir Peter to meet a ‘Mrs
Markham’ that night at her London flat in Chelsea. Martin did not attend
the meeting. There, in a dimly lit room, Sir Peter was introduced to a
mysterious ‘Mr Janus’.15
Without any preliminaries,’ writes Sir Peter, ‘Mr Janus dived straight
into the deep end by asking me to tell him all I knew about flying saucers
... At the end [I] asked Janus what his interest was. He answered me quite
simply, “I would like to meet the Duke of Edinburgh.” ’ Somewhat taken
aback, Sir Peter replied that this would not be easy. ‘I was about to add
particularly for security reasons but thought better of it ... here the
strangeness of it all started - the man’s extraordinary ability to read my
thoughts.’ Asked why he wanted to meet Prince Philip, Janus replied: ‘[He]
is a man of great vision ... who believes strongly in the proper relationship
between man and nature which will prove of great importance in future
galactic harmony.’
Janus began by pointing out that man was ‘now striving to break his
earthly bonds and travel to the Moon and the planets beyond’:
Man in his journeys through the universe may find innumerable
centres of culture far more ancient than his own ... He will discover
a wealth of experiences infinitely more startling and beautiful than can
be imagined: an infinite variety of agencies and forces as yet unknown
... even other universes with different space and time formulae ...
Man invading space for material gain or personal glorification alone
will gain nothing.
‘The Earth is going through a Dark Age at the moment,’ Janus went
on. ‘Material possessions count more than a Man’s soul.’
Like a child, Man is preoccupied with his technological toys, which he
believes will bring him riches and happiness. This shows up in the
superficiality of his culture and a careless disregard for nature. In his
greedy quest for more complex machines Man is prepared to sacrifice
almost anything - his natural environment, animals and even his
fellow humans. The dreadful spectre of blowing up his world hardly
makes him falter in this headlong rush.
Janus expounded on cosmogony - the origin of life in the universe -
referring to the so-called ‘big bang’ as ‘the generally accepted theory’ of an
expanding universe that ‘originated from the giant explosion of a vast area
of high-density gas which contained all the elements necessary for life and
matter’:
If you accept the theory of the expanding universe you accept that it is
an ocean of galaxies with solar and planetary systems similar to our
own. By the laws of probability there must be millions of planets in
the universe supporting life, and within our own galaxy thousands
supporting life more advanced than on Earth ...
Earth is a young planet with its Sun a young mother ... imagine
a galactic solar system somewhere in space with conditions similar to
Earth except that its Sun is in the autumn of its life. Provided its
inhabitants have survived wars and alien invasion, it is impossible to
imagine what super-technology and cultural advancement they have
reached...
Janus accurately predicted our own technological developments, in that
‘perhaps in twenty years’ time manned rockets will be commonplace and
the Earth will be girdled by satellites of all sorts and sizes’, and that there
would be ‘great strides in the miniaturization of all our present technology,
advances in navigational guidance and communication over vast distances’.
Why then were aliens coming here? ‘The answer is that this traffic is
only a thin trickle in the vast highways of the universe,’ explained Janus.
‘The Earth after all is a galactic backwater inhabited by only half-civilized
men, dangerous even to their neighbours .. .*
Most of these vehicles are robot-controlled space probes monitoring
what is going on. Some are manned in order to oversee the whole
programme and to ensure the probes do not land or crash by accident.
They must also ensure that evidence of their existence is kept away
from the vast majority of Earth’s population ... the basic principle of
responsible space exploration is that you do not interfere with the
natural development and order of life in the universe any more than
you should upset or destroy an ant heap or bee-hive...
You will have to grow a lot older and learn how to behave on
your own planet, if indeed you do not blow yourselves up between
times, before you are ready for galactic travel.
‘Since time immemorial,’ Janus went on, ‘there have been tales of
vessels coming out of the sky bringing strange visitors. Observers do come
among you and make contact on a very selective basis where they judge
that such contact could not harm either party.’
These observers have studied Earth for a long time. With advanced
medical science they have been fitted with the right sort of internal
equipment to allow their bodies to operate normally until they leave.
It is not very difficult to obtain the right sort of clothing and means to
move around quite freely ... While you are still far away from
travelling in deep space, such contacts will be infrequent and must be
conducted in strict secrecy...
The observers have very highly developed mental powers, including 
extra-sensory, thought reading, hypnosis and the ability to use
different dimensions ... and rely solely on their special powers to look
after themselves.
‘What was Janus?’ Sir Peter asked himself after the meeting. ‘Was he
part of an elaborate hoax or plot... an imaginative prophet of the future
or what he had insinuated - an observer?’
Sir Peter wrote a verbatim report of the meeting and gave it to
Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick ‘Boy’ Browning, Treasurer to Prince
Philip. He never saw General Martin, Mrs Markham or Janus again.16
In my first meeting with Sir Peter, I asked him for more details about
Mr Janus. ‘Somehow, he was difficult to describe,’ he began. ‘What made it
strange is that I have no lasting impression of him: he seemed to fit perfectly
in his surroundings. If I have any impression of him, it was his quiet voice
which had a rich quality to it He looked about 45 to 50 years old [and] was
dressed in a suit and tie. He was quite normal in every way, except that he
seemed to be tuning in to my mind, and gradually took over the conversation
... by the end of the meeting, I was quite disturbed, really.’
‘And what of the reaction at Buckingham Palace?’ I queried.
‘Michael Parker, Prince Philip’s private secretary, thought it a joke,’ he
replied. ‘But Prince Philip had an open mind.’17
In my second and last meeting with Sir Peter Horsley at his home in
2000, he revealed that, in addition to being disturbed by the realization that
Janus was reading his mind, he was even more disturbed by the fact that this
extraordinary man ‘knew all Britain’s top-secret nuclear secrets’.18
During a meeting on 7 October 1955 in New York with Mayor Achille
Lauro of Naples, General Douglas MacArthur, a famed Army General in
the Second World War, made some extraordinary comments regarding the
future of warfare on Earth.
‘He thinks that another war would be double suicide and that there is
enough sense on both sides of the Iron Curtain to avoid it,’ said the Mayor.
‘He believes that because of the developments of science all the countries
on Earth will have to unite to survive and to make a common front against
attack by people from other planets.’19
What MacArthur could not reveal, of course, was that we were already
engaged, if not in a war, then in a conflict.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Fowler, Raymond E., Casebook of a UFO	Prentice-Hall, Englewood
Cliffs, New Jersey, 1981, pp. 182-3.
2. JANAP 146(c), Joint Chiefs of Staff, Joint Communications, Electronics
Committee, Washington, DC, 10 March 1954.
3. Personal interview, Washington, 16 February 1994.
4. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, Panther, UK, 1975, p. 193.
5. Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege! Doubleday, New York,
1977, pp. 138-9.
6. Quasar, Gian J., Into the Bermuda Triangle: Pursuing the Truth Behind the World's
Greatest Mystery, McGraw-Hill, 2004. p. 26.
7. Valor magazine, 9 October 1954, and confirmed to the author by Desmond Leslie.
8. Rivas, Juan A. Lorenzo, ‘President Eisenhower’s “ET” Encounter: What Really
happened at Muroc Base?’ Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 44, No. 3, 1999, pp. 2-5.
9. Picton, John, ‘Eisenhower Was Visited by UFO, British Lord Claims’, Toronto Star
*
(date not available, but the story was confirmed to the author by Lord Clancarty).
10. Rivas, op. cit.
11. Another attendee is reported to have been Commander Charles L. Suggs (US
Navy), according to his son, who was interviewed by the researcher William F.
Hamilton.
12. Commentary by Gordon Creighton in Rivas, op. cit.
13. Berlitz, Charles and Moore, William, The Roswell Incident, Granada, London, 1980,
pp. 119-28.
14. Horsley, Sir Peter, Sounds From Another Room: Memories of Planes, Princes and
the	Paranormal,Leo Cooper, London, 1997.
15. In Roman mythology, Janus was the ‘guardian of gates and doorways and
especially of the State in time of war, represented with two faces, one at front and
one at back of his head’. (The Reader's Digest Great Encyclopaedic Dictionary, The
Reader’s Digest Association/Oxford University Press, 1964/1962, p. 465.)
16. Horsley, op. cit, pp. 180-96.
17. Personal interview, Hampshire, 21 September 1997.
18. Personal interview, Hampshire, 16 May 2000.
19. ‘M’Arthur Greets Mayor of Naples’, New York Times, 8 October 1955.


THE NEW YORK TIMES, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1955.
McARTHUR GREETS
MAYOR OF NAPLES
Lauro Quotes Him as Saying
Wars Between Nations
Are Now ObsoleteMayor Achille Lauro of Naples,
which was badly damaged in
World War II, called on General 
of the Army Douglas Mac-Arthur yesterday and received
the general's cheering opinion
that war between countries on
this earth was probably obsolete.
However, war between tbe
planets may replace it, in tbe
general opinion, Mayor Lauro
reported afterward.
The Neapolitan Mayor, who is
stopping at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel during his four-day stay
in New York, was scheduled to
visit General MacArthur, who
reside at the hotel, briefly for
an exchange of greetings.
"I am delighted that Ceneral
MacArthur did me the honor of
allowing me to remain for forty-
fire minuter,” Signor Lauro said.
I am also delighted that he is
pleased with the Neapolitan
workers in his factory in my city".Sperry Rand Corporation, of
which General MacArthur is
chairman of the board, recently
built a plant in Naples, employing 600 persons. It is to be ex-
panded to employ 2 000.
Factors for United World
General MacArthur described
himself as "a confirmed optimist" 
regarding the possibility of another world war, Mayor Lauro
said.
"He thinks that another war
would be double suicide and
that there is enough sense on
both sides of the Iron Curtain
  to avoid it."- the Mayor went on.
"He believes that because of
the developments of science all
the countries on earth will have
to unite to survive and to make
a common front against attack
by people from other planets."
The politics of the future will
be cosmic. or interplanetary. In
General Mac Arthur’s opinion,
the Mayor continued. He quoted
the military leader as saying
that a thousand years from now
today's civilisation would appear
as obsolete as the stone age.
During the visit the two men
discussed Dr. Albert Einstein.
"General MacArthur said he
admired him as a scientist although 
not as a politician,"
Signor Lauro said.
"He quoted Einstein’s reply
when asked what weapons would
be used in a third world war-
that he did not know what weapons 
would be used in a third
world war but that a fourth
global conflict would be fought
with sticks and stones."
Rapprochement With Soviet
Mayor Lauro said General
MacArthur was optimistic even
about the differences between
the Soviet Union and the democracies. 
He quoted the general as saying:
"The Soviets and the democracies will adopt the best characteristics of each other, and, in
the process of many years, there
will not be a strict line of demarcation 
between their ideals:
therefore no causes for war between 
them."

General of the Army Douglas MacArthur’s comments, quoted by Mayor Achille Lauro
of Naples, that ‘because of the developments of science all the countries on Earth will
have to unite to survive and to make a common front against attack by people from
other planets’. (The New York , 8 October 1955)
And in a speech in 1962 to the US Military Academy at West Point, MacArthur
warned of ‘ultimate conflict between a united human race and the sinister forces of
some other planetary galaxy’.


=============================================================================
15. UFO'S - SERIOUS BUSINESS

At a lecture in 1956 Frank Edwards, a noted newsman and author of two
books on UFOs, revealed details of an Air National Guard F-51 crash
during a UFO interception - and one that bears uncanny similarities to the
Mantell crash of 7 January 1948.
The story begins on 8 January 1956 - almost exactly eight years after
the Mantell disaster - when Ground Observer Corps (GOC) personnel at
Bedford, Indiana, about 50 miles south of Indianapolis, spotted five flying
objects circling around. Shortly before, they had also been seen over
Lafayette, Indiana, about 90 miles to the west, then south of Bedford, where
they were watched by more than 300 people.
‘The objects followed the usual pattern,’ said Edwards, ‘disk-shaped,
about 25 feet in diameter, glowing and changing colour from faint orange
to yellow and red. They sent jets from Louisville [Kentucky] up to chase
them, but as soon as the jets got within 15 or 20 miles the objects took off,
going northward, and left there at high speed and disappeared at great
altitude in a matter of seconds.
Three weeks later, on January 31st, just before I went on the air, I got
a call from our Bloomington studio. They said, ‘We’ve got a picture
for you of the wreckage of a National Guard plane that crashed down
here this afternoon between Bloomington and Bedford. The pilot was
killed.’ It turned out that the pilot was a fellow who I happened to
know, Colonel Lee Merkel, a veteran flyer and a wonderful guy... the
jets had been up again after unidentified objects south of Bloomington,
just as on the 8th, and again the jets lost them. But Col. Merkel, who
was in charge of the National Guard base down at Louisville, had
taken off in an F-51 Mustang, a propeller-driven job. He had oxygen
tanks, and the plane was in excellent condition. He had gone up
because he could fly longer than the jets, and the jets were trying to
vector him in on the UFOs.
Finally, [Merkel] reported back to the tower at Louisville, by radio,
that he could see an object moving along the edge of a cloud some
distance ahead and above him, and he took after it. According to the
reports he made to the tower, it was climbing, but he was following it.
He gave no description of it, other than to say he could see it glowing
and blinking. When he got to about 30,000 feet, he said he thought he
was gaining a little bn it, and it was then below him. The tower heard
no more from him after that.
A few minutes later, his plane exploded at low altitude about 500
feet right above a farmhouse, and the debris scattered all over the
fields for a quarter of a mile. It was a terrific blast. I find it hard to
believe that the explosion of the plane’s gasoline, in those thin
aluminium tanks, could possibly have had that much power.
‘I’m inclined to think that we have here a repetition of the tragedy of
Capt. Thomas Mantell, who was killed at Fort Knox, Kentucky, in January
1948,’ declared Edwards. ‘I think that after eight years, just a bit north of
the original spot, we’ve had another incident of the same kind It never
made the papers. On November 11,1954, an unknown object had appeared
in the very same area, and Col. Merkel had chased it unsuccessfully. That
made front-page headlines in Louisville. But when Merkel died, fourteen
months later on a similar mission, not a paper mentioned that he had been
chasing something when his plane mysteriously crashed.’1
In 1956, the US Navy issued orders to its pilots to engage UFOs in
combat if the objects appeared hostile. Operational procedures for a ‘UFO
scramble*, given by a briefing officer to pilots at Los Alamitos Naval Air
Station in California, were highly classified, and most officers there refused
to discuss the matter.2
That military pilots should have been ordered to attack, as opposed to
intercept, craft of such obviously superior technology is surprising. By this
time, it must have become painfully obvious to military leaders that such a
policy was counter-productive, given that many pilots had lost their lives
in crashes or disappeared with their planes during confrontations.
A PHOTO-RECONNAISSANCE COUP
One of the most extraordinary aerial encounters took place in late 1956. It
was an encounter that yielded a great deal of photographic proof - all of
which, of course, remains under wraps to this day.
One morning a giant Convair RB-36H ‘Peacemaker’ bomber, powered
by six piston engines and four outboard-mounted jet engines, took off on
a photo-reconnaissance training flight. The plane, of the 718th Squadron,
28th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing, was based at Ellsworth AFB, Rapid
City, South Dakota, and on board were seventeen crew plus a five-man
relief crew, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Lenny Marquis.
According to First Lieutenant (later Lieutenant Colonel) Jimmie Lloyd,
serving on this flight as a substitute navigator in the nose, the plane was
flying near its top speed of 423 mph in straight and level flight at nearly
40,000 feet, probably near the North Dakota state line, when the incident
occurred. At the time, its sue remotely controlled gun turrets were in the
stowed position. Suddenly the left scanner (observer) in the aft compartment 
saw a metallic disc fly towards the plane.3
‘We looked out, and most of the crew did,! said Lloyd, ‘and there was
this, very obviously, a flying saucer.’
It had a dome on top that was some kind of observation dome that
had some portholes around it and it was circular in shape; I would say
approximately 100 feet in diameter, and flying just a few hundred
yards off our wingtip in formation with us, which it did for quite
some period of time - [5 to 8] minutes, I would say. We called a radar
site on the ground [and] they did confirm that there was an object
flying in formation with us.
We took pictures of it. We had all been issued [with 35mm] Haine
cameras and binoculars and a special reporting form in conjunction
with Project Blue Book. We had a discrete frequency that we could
report these sightings to, and we did.4
‘The length-to-height ratio of the UFO was about 8:1,* reported Dr
Richard Haines and Franklin Carter, ‘and a low dome, about one-third the
length of the object, was located at the centre of the top surface, which was
only slightly curved [and] had three round openings or light sources ...
The object seemed to have an almost flat or slightly concave bottom
surface. Its vertical sides were populated by many separate round sources
of light, each of a different colour [and] the surface of both the main body
and raised dome appeared in “light golden” hue.
‘After five to eight minutes, the UFO suddenly accelerated horizontally
in parallel with the B-36 and then rose at about 30 degrees above the local
horizontal without pitching up or down ... All of the peripheral bluish
lights became much brighter and definitely greenish as the object accelerated 
out of sight in several seconds.’5
‘When we got on the ground,’ Lloyd told Franklin Carter, ‘we had to
turn in all of our logs, equipment, everything, to an intelligence unit called
Reci-Tech [Reconnaissance Technology] which was a central processing
unit for the whole wing.
‘We were debriefed by Intel officers, reminded that we all held top-
secret clearances, and that we couldn’t reveal any of this information for a
period of twelve years. Then, several weeks later, we were debriefed again
by some officers from higher headquarters who reminded us also of the
same; and in fact, when I was discharged back in 1960 from the active Air
Force into the active reserves, I was also reminded again of the 12-year
period.. .’6
It is unfortunate that the precise date of the incident in late 1956 could
not be recalled, though Dr Haines notes that many different UFO sightings
were reported in newspapers in both South and North Dakota in November, 
including one on the 25th involving an interception from Ellsworth
AFB, confirmed on airborne radar as well as by the 740th Air Control and
Warning Squadron.7

AIRCRAFT VANISHES DURING INTERCEPTION

Ellsworth Air Force Base also features in the following case, said to have
occurred in the late spring of 1957, involving an object similar to that
reported by the RB-36 crew. In 1996 Dr Irena Scott, a UFO investigator
who has worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency (DLA), the Battelle
Memorial Institute and the Ohio State University Medical School, received
a letter from Wallace Fowler, Airman Second Class, a former parachute-
rigger based at Ellsworth who witnessed the initial stages of the incident.
Sometime between 18:30 and 19:00 Fowler was sitting on the front
steps of his barracks when an extraordinary object appeared out of nowhere,
directly above him. ‘It was saucer-shaped and silver in colour,’ reports
Scott. ‘On the top side of the saucer was a dome with what appeared to be
portholes, behind which he could see moving shadows. The larger lower
part of the saucer was metallic in appearance, and it was constantly
changing colour. The object, which he estimated to be about the size of a
house, hovered there motionless.’
‘I got up and stood there staring at this thing,’ Fowler reports. ‘I can’t
say that I experienced fear because this was such a beautiful sight, and I
was too young to be scared ... After this stand-off for about two to three
minutes, I remember saying these words [to myself]: “You can come down
here if you want, mother-er. Then it will be me and you”. Now strange as
it may sound, or maybe [it was] a coincidence, but this thing took off as if
it was reading my mind. It went straight up at an unbelievable speed.'
‘Wallace ran for the hangars and the base control tower,’ Scott’s report
continues. ‘As he neared the hangars he saw a number of pilots running
toward their planes. Obviously others had seen the object as well. When he
entered the hangar he noticed the telephones all seemed to be ringing, and
there was a lot of activity as people ran to ready the aircraft for take-off.
Wallace went up into the control tower ... telephones were ringing there
too, so he was ignored.’
After the planes took off, Fowler listened in as a controller talked to
one of the pilots who had been scrambled. ‘I heard the pilot say these
words: “This thing acts as if it is playing games with us. It sits and waits on
us, and when we get close it takes off and leaves us like we are standing
still.” So [the controller asked them if they could] get close enough to see
what it was made of.’ The pilot replied that the object was ahead of them
and seemed to be waiting again. It appeared to be metallic, he said shortly
afterwards. All of a sudden a crash was heard over the intercom. The pilot
could no longer be contacted.
Fowler was asked to leave the control tower. ‘An officer told everyone
before they left not to talk about what they had seen and heard,’ says Scott.
‘Not much was said regarding the incident, but he does remember one of
the pilots saying that an aircraft which had pursued the object had [gone]
missing and the wreckage was never found.
‘Wallace now has cancer and emphysema. He realizes that his story
may still be classified, but he doesn’t want to go to his grave with this
secret.’
‘I can let it all hang out,’ said Fowler. ‘Can’t do me no harm now. My
desire is for someone to find out what family lost a loved one in the year
1957 [at] Ellsworth Air Force Base ... It would be interesting to hear what
they told the family for the cause of his death.’8

LANDINGS OBSERVED BY MILITARY OFFICERS

Shortly before 08:00 on a September morning in 1956, a domed, discshaped 
craft is reported to have landed within the White Sands Proving
Ground, 12 miles west of Holloman AFB, Alamogordo, New Mexico, and
50 yards from US Highway 70. Radios and ignition systems of passing cars
went dead, as witnesses including two USAF colonels, two sergeants and
dozens of base personnel observed the craft before it took off with a
‘whirring’ sound. Air Force Intelligence officers and CIA experts allegedly
arrived at the scene from Washington, DC, and all the base personnel were
assembled in a hangar, debriefed and then sworn to secrecy. A cable from
the evaluation team to the Pentagon stated that the craft was ‘definitely not
any type of aircraft under development by the US or any foreign terrestrial
power’.9,10
In Beyond Top Secret, I published a brief account of the landing of a
flying disc at the top-secret Edwards AFB in 1957, as related by Gordon
Cooper, the late pilot and astronaut, who confirmed the essential details
for me. Since then, more details are revealed in Cooper’s autobiography,
Leap of Faith. At the time of the incident, he was assigned to the Fighter
Section of the Experimental Flight Test Engineering Division at Edwards as
test pilot and manager.
‘On May 3, 1957,’ Cooper reports, ‘I was a captain and had a crew out
filming an Askania-camera precision landing system we had installed on
the dry lake bed. The Askania automatic system took pictures - one frame
per second - as a plane landed to measure its landing characteristics. The
two cameramen, James Bittick and Jack Gettys, arrived at Askania number
four site a little before 8 a.m., armed with still and motion picture cameras.
Later that morning they came running in to tell me that a ‘strange-
looking saucer’ had come right over them. ‘It didn’t make any noise at
all, sir,’ one of them said ... They were accustomed to seeing America’s
top-performance aircraft taking off, screaming low overhead, and
landing in front of them on a daily basis. Obviously what they had
seen was something quite different, and it had unnerved them both.
They told me they had just about finished their work when the
saucer flew over them, hovered above the ground, extended three
landing gears; then set down about 50 yards away. They described the
saucer as metallic silver in colour and shaped somewhat like an
inverted plate ... After my own UFO experiences in Europe, I was not
about to discount any of these stories ... These two cameramen were
trained photographers and had cameras and film with them. I quickly
asked the obvious question: ‘Did you get any pictures?’
They said they had shot images with 35mm and 4-by-5 still
cameras, as well as motion picture film. When they had tried to
approach the saucer to get a closer shot, they said it lifted up, retracted
its gear, and climbed straight out of sight at a rapid rate of speed -
again with no sound. They estimated the craft to be about 30 feet
across. It had a silver colour [and] seemed to glow with its own
luminosity. I told them to get the film to the lab right away.
Checking the regulations for reporting UFOs, Cooper found a special
Pentagon number to call. He gave brief details, first to a captain, then to a
colonel, and finally to a general. ‘He ordered me to have the film developed
right away but “don’t run any prints” and to place the negatives in a locked
courier pouch to be sent to Washington immediately on the base commanding 
general’s plane.’
I wasn’t about to defy the Pentagon general’s order about no prints -
a surefire way to end my career or, at the very least, lose my top-secret
clearance and my test pilot job. But since nothing was said about not
looking at the negatives before sending them east, that’s what I did
when they came back from the lab.
I was amazed at what I saw. The quality was excellent ... The
object, shown close up, was a classic saucer, shiny silver and smooth -
just as the cameramen had reported. I never saw the motion picture
film. Before the day ended, all the negatives and movie film had left
on the priority flight for Washington.
Considering what the men had seen, and particularly the photographic 
evidence they had brought back with them of a UFO touching
down on Earth, I expected to get an urgent follow-up call from
Washington, or the imminent arrival of high-level investigators. After
all, a craft of unknown origin had just overflown and landed at a
highly classified military installation. Strangely, there was no word
from Washington, and no inquiry was launched. Everything was kept
under wraps, as if the incident never happened...“
Reports on the incident did leak out and appeared in several newspapers, 
though evidently they were based on a watered-down version of
events provided by the Air Force source. The Los Angeles , for
example, reported that:
Camera studies of an unidentified flying object photographed at
Edwards Air Force Base last Friday [May 3] are being analyzed by the
Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton ...
Spokesmen at the secret desert test center north of Los Angeles would
only say that the object was spotted by two civilian photo theodolite
operators. They tracked the object and took pictures ... Films and
information were dispatched immediately to the intelligence center.
Unofficial reports said the object appeared round, that it caught
the morning sun and that it moved but not at any great speed. There
were no estimates as to its size or altitude.. ,12
Apparently, jets at Edwards AFB had been scrambled, but by the time
they arrived in the area the disc had gone. Following the incident, possibly
the next working day, three officers showed up at the Askania tracking
station and interviewed Bittick and Gettys, as well as Frank E. Baker, who
supervised the station and also observed the craft. ‘The officers were
insulting, suggesting that the desert sun does things to one’s eyes (despite
the fact they had film),’ says investigator Michael D. Swords in a review of
the case (which, oddly, does not allude to Gordon Cooper’s testimony). A
few prints from the film are in Project Blue Book files (Case #4715, dated
2 - not 3 - May 1957), but they reveal only fuzzy blobs of light Years later,
Baker said he had seen frames of the film that showed what Bittick and
Gettys had described.13
It was 06:10, 23 November 1957. First Lieutenant Joseph F. Long, a
member of the 97th Fighter Interceptor Squadron,14 was returning by car
to Delaware having completed a USAF Advanced Survival School course at
Stead AFB, Nevada. According to the report in USAF Blue Book files,
Long’s car engine began to stall and finally stopped about 30 miles west of
Tonopah. The report continues:
... Source got out of his car to investigate. Outside the car he heard a
steady high-pitched whining noise which drew his attention to four
disc-shaped objects that were sitting on the ground about 300 to 400
yards to the right of the highway ... He walked for several minutes
until he was within approximately 50 feet from the nearest object ...
The objects were identical and about 50 feet in diameter [see p. 228].
They were disc-shaped, emitting their own source of light causing
them to glow brightly. They were equipped with a transparent dome
in the center of the top which was obviously not of the same material
as the rest of the craft. The entire body of the objects emitted light.
They did not appear to be dark on the underside. They were equipped
with three landing gears, each that appeared hemispherical in shape,
about two feet in diameter and of some dark material.
The Source estimated the height of the objects from the ground
level to the top of the dome to be about 10 to 15 feet. The objects
were equipped with a ring around the outside which was darker than
the rest of the craft and was apparently rotating. When the Source got
to within 50 feet of the nearest object, the hum which had been steady
in the air ever since he had first observed the objects, increased in
pitch to a degree where it almost hurt his ears, and the objects lifted
off the ground.
The protruding gears were retracted almost instantly after takeoff;
the objects rose about 50 feet into the air and proceeded slowly (about
10 mph) to the north across the highway, contoured over some small
hills about a half mile away and disappeared ... The total time of the
sighting lasted about 20 minutes. After the objects disappeared, Source
examined place where he had first seen them ... [There were] several
very small impressions in the sand where the landing gear had
obviously rested. Impressions were very shallow and bowl-shaped,
triangular in pattern ...
Source returned to his car and the engine started [and he]
proceeded immediately to Indian Springs AFB, Nevada, where he
reported the sighting to the base Security Officer.
Dr J. Allen Hynek cites a memo in the Blue Book files which, he
explains, ‘points up the primary reason why the Air Force put as much
effort into investigating this case as it did’:
‘The damage and embarrassment to the Air Force would be incalculable
if this officer allied himself with the host of “flying saucer” writers, experts,
and others who provide the Air Force with countless charges and accusations. 
In this instance, as matters now stand, the Air Force would have no
effective rebuttal, or evidence to disprove any unfounded charges.’15
On a summer evening in 1958, a mechanic at Holloman AFB observed
a disc-shaped craft hovering silently over the tarmac. As the craft retracted
its ‘ball-like’ landing gear (like the four craft seen in Nevada earlier in the
year), the witness managed to aiert another mechanic in time for them
both to see it take off at high speed. The USAF representatives who
interrogated the witnesses showed them a large book containing over 300
pages of UFO photographs. On identifying the type of craft they had seen,
the mechanics were informed that it had also been seen by control tower
personnel. Both witnesses were sworn to secrecy.16,17

USAF JETS ATTEMPT TO CAPTURE UFO

‘Just before dawn, on September 24, 1959,’ reported Major Donald Keyhoe,
‘a large flying disc descended near Redmond, Oregon, setting off one of the
most desperate pursuits the Air Force ever attempted...’
At 05:00 an unknown glowing object was sighted near Redmond
Airport by police officer Robert Dickerson. When it seemed to drop out of
the sky he assumed it was a burning plane about to crash, but it suddenly
came to a dead stop at a height of about 200 feet, and then climbed up
past the airport and hovered north-east of the field. Dickerson drove
straight to the airport and reported the UFO to Flight Specialist Laveme
Wertz. Through binoculars, Wertz and other Federal Aviation Agency
(FAA) personnel observed the disc and noticed odd, coloured ‘tongues of
flame’ extending and retracting from the rim. The Military Flight Service at
Hamilton AFB, California, was alerted and at 05:18, six F-102 Delta Dagger
jets were scrambled from their Air National Guard base at Portland Airport.
‘As they took off,’ said Keyhoe, ‘the tower radioed the pilots of a B-47
bomber and an F-89 fighter, on routine flights nearby, and ordered them
to join the F-102s in a secret mission. The purpose: to capture the UFO -
and its crew, if one was aboard. All the pilots were grimly aware of the fatal
chases and narrow escapes in other capture attempts. But they also knew
the mission’s tremendous importance...
‘At Redmond Airport, the FAA observers were still watching the UFO
when they heard the roar of jets.’ Keyhoe’s report continues:
As the planes dived toward the spacecraft the tongues of flame
vanished. Then a fiery exhaust blasted from the bottom of the disc.
Accelerating at terrific speed, it shot straight upward, almost in the
jets’ path. The nearest pilot banked to avoid a collision. As the UFO
shot up past him another jet, caught in the churning air from the
machine’s exhaust, almost went out of control. Three other pilots
pulled out of their dives and climbed after the fleeing disc. But even
with extra speed from their afterburners they were quickly left behind.
As the UFO disappeared in clouds at 14,000 feet, one AF pilot,
guided by his gunsight radar, climbed after the unseen craft. His
approach apparently was registered by the disc, for it instantly changed
course, tracked by height-finder radar at Klamath Falls [Air National
Guard base]. Even after the AF pilots gave up the hopeless chase, the
radar operators were still tracking the UFO in high-speed maneuvers
between 6,000 and 54,000 feet.
‘When the pilots landed,’ said Keyhoe, ‘they were hurried into an
Intelligence debriefing session. After describing the UFO encounter they
were ordered not to discuss the pursuit, even among themselves.’
Hundreds of Redmond citizens had heard the roaring jets and a few
reported an odd glow in the sky. Fearing exposure of the mission, the
Air Force explained the flight as ‘a routine check-up, caused by a false
radar return’. When USAF headquarters learned about the disc’s 'exhaust’,
it was feared that the UFO might be using nuclear power.18 Laveme Wertz
was ordered to make a flying check for abnormal radioactivity. ‘I was
furnished a plane and pilot,’ Wertz told reporter Tim Iahn in 1997. ‘As I
recall, there were no abnormal readings. The full report was entered on the
log we used at the Flight Service Station and was forwarded to the FAA.'19
Worried about this aspect of the story leaking out, Air Force officials
issued another explanation: the Redmond object was ‘probably a weather
balloon’. However, the story did indeed leak out to the media. Unfortunately 
for the Air Force, Keyhoe’s organization, the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), managed to obtain certified
copies of the FAA logs, which described the UFO, its manoeuvres, the
strange tongues of flame, the fiery exhaust and the disc’s vertical take-off to
elude the interceptors. ‘They also included the AF confirmations of radar
tracking, scrambling of the Portland jets, and the Klamath Falls report on
the UFO’s evasive operations after the AF attack had failed,’ said Keyhoe.
When the Air Force learned of NICAP’s damaging acquisition, they tried
to discredit the FAA officials, and then announced a new explanation:
‘witnesses had been misled by the planet Venus’ (!) - which remains the
official explanation to this day.
‘When the Air Force realized that UFOs were spacecraft, in the early
years,’ said Keyhoe, ‘the Air Defense Command was determined to capture
one of these machines. This was confirmed to me in a personal conference
with General Sory Smith, Deputy Director of Information, and Major
Jeremiah Boggs, an HQ Intelligence officer [who] admitted to me that the
AF had put out a special order for its pilots to capture UFOs.’
Keyhoe discussed this revelation with an interceptor pilot he knew,
who had been involved in two such chases. ‘That’s a lot nearer the truth
than you might think, even if he did make it sound like a joke,’ said the
pilot. ‘In our squadron at least we were told to ram one and bail out, if we
could do it without getting hurt. I don’t know anyone that tried it - I
certainly didn’t. After what happened to Mantell a man would be a fool to
try a trick like that.’20
Indeed. In addition to being a foolhardy venture, it might seem that
the Air Force officials responsible for such hare-brained schemes did not
have a need to know that several craft had already been either knocked out
of the sky or otherwise acquired. But I think it far more likely that the
military simply wanted to get its hands on as many craft (or bits of them)
as possible, to further its knowledge of alien technology - evidently at the
expense of sacrificing the lives of airmen.
Four nights after the Redmond incident, on 29 September, Major R.O.
Braswell, flying an Air Force C-47 transport at 6,500 feet over Texas,
reported ‘a large red fire’ that ‘looked like an atomic cloud’. ‘It was a
massive thing, about five degrees above my plane. The base was at an
altitude of 12,000 to 15,000 feet; the top was about 16,000 feet.’
At the same time, a Braniff Airways Lockheed Electra, Flight 542, with
twenty-eight passengers and a crew of six, was flying at 15,000 feet over
Buffalo, Texas, when witnesses on the ground saw a sudden fiery glow in
the sky followed later by a violent explosion. The airliner completely
disintegrated. ‘I’ve investigated lots of crashes, but I’ve never seen one
where the plane was so thoroughly demolished, the wreckage so widely
scattered and the people so horribly mangled,’ said Braniffs chief of
operations, R.V. Carleton. ‘And there was nothing among the wreckage
which indicated a fire or bomb aboard the plane.’21
UFO S SERIOUS BUSINESS’
Thus was headed an Operations and Training order issued by the Inspector
General of the Air Force to every Air Base Commander in the continental
United States on 24 December 1959 (see p. 229). It continues:
Unidentified Flying Objects - sometimes treated lightly by the press
and referred to as ‘flying saucers’ - must be rapidly and accurately
identified as serious USAF business in the ZI [Zone of the Intenor].
As AFR 200-2 points out, the Air Force concern with these sightings is
threefold: First of all, is the object a threat to the defense of the U.S.?
Secondly, does it contribute to technical or scientific knowledge? And
then there’s the inherent USAF responsibility to explain to the American 
people through public-information media what is going on in
their skies.
The phenomena or actual objects comprising UFO’s will tend to
increase, with the public more aware of goings on in space but still
inclined to some apprehension. Technical and defense considerations
will continue to exist in this era ...
The US Air Force may have an ‘inherent responsibility to explain to
the American people ... what is going on in their skies’, yet it is manifestly
obvious that they were doing nothing of the sort. The public, evidently, did
not have a need to know.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. ‘Frank Edwards: Breakaway UFO Reporter’, UFO Magazine (US), Vol. 14, No. 10,
October 1999, p. 35. (With thanks to Richard Hall and the Donald E. Keyhoe
Archives.)
2. News Tribune, Fullerton, California, 26 June 1956.
3. Haines, Richard F. and Carter, Franklin, ‘A 1956 Military Aircraft-UFO Close
Encounter’, International UFO ReporterVol. 2, No. 1, Spring 2000, pp. 22-5.
4. Carter, Franklin, ‘UFOs Photographed by Air Force Reconnaissance Mission’,
UFOCUS, The Institute for UFO Research, University of Wyoming, Office of
Conferences and Institutes, PO Box 3972, Laramie, WY 82071-3972, VoL 2, No.
4, Summer 1998, pp. 8, 12.
5. Haines and Carter, op. cit.
6. Carter, op. cit.
7. Hall, Richard H., The UFO Evidence, NICAP, Washington, DC, 1964, pp. 22, 29
(cited in Haines and Carter, op. cit).
8. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many others), Vol. I, Greyden Press, Columbus,
Ohio, 1997, pp. 92-3.
9. Branch, David and Klinn, Robert E., ‘White Sands Sightings Kept Secret’, Santa
Ana Register, California, 15 November 1972, p. C-2, cited in Beyond Earth: Man’s
Contact with UFOs, by Ralph Blum with Judy Blum, Corgi, London, 1974,
pp. 102-3.
10. ‘Cover Up Exposed’, Santa Ana Register, 23 November 1972, p. A-ll, cited in
Blum, op. cit.
11. Cooper, Gordon, with Henderson, Bruce, Leap of Faith: An Astronaut's Journey
into the Unknown, HarperCollins, New York, 2000, pp. 82-6.
12. ‘Cameras Track Flying Object Over Desert’, Los Angeles Times, 9 May 1957,
reproduced in an article by Michael D. Swords, International UFO Reporter, Vol.
30, No. 1, October 2005, pp. 10-12.
13. Swords, op. cit.
14. Smith, Willy, On Pilots and UFOs, The UNICAT Project, 1997, p. 72.
15. Hynek, op. cit., pp. 182-6, citing Project Blue Book Files, #31.
16. Branch and Klinn, op. cit.
17. ‘Cover Up Exposed’, Santa Ana Register, 23 November 1972.
18. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, pp. 47-9.
19. Iahn, Tim, ‘Redman, WA: From Keyhoe’s Files’, UFO Magazine (US), Vol. 14,
No. 2, 1999, p. 35.
20. Keyhoe, op. cit., pp. 49-51.
21. Ibid., pp. 184-5.


AIR FORCE STUDIES PHOTOS
Cameras Track Flying
Object Over Desert
Camera studies of an un-
identified flying object photographed 
at Edwards Air
Force Base last Friday are
being analysed by the Air
Technical Intelligence Center
at Wrlght-Paltenon AFB,
Dayton, O., The Times
learned yesterday.
Spokesmen at the secret
desert test center north of
Los Angeles would say only
that the object was spotted
by two civilian photo theodolite 
operators.
They tracked the object
and took pictures with the
specialised camera equipment. 
Films and information
were dispatched immediately
to the intelligence center.
 Unofficial reports said the
object appeared round, that
it caught the morning sun
and that it moved but not at
any great speed. There were
no estimates as to its size or
altitude.
Edwards officers would not
hazsard a guess as to what the
object was, although said
it could have been a weather
balloon.
“This desert air does crazy.
things,” be added.
An article in the Los Angeles Times (9 May 1957) relating to the flying disc that
appeared at Edwards AFB, California, on 3 May. In fact, as confirmed by Gordon
Cooper, the disc actually landed at the base and was filmed with still and motion
picture cameras by two members of his crew, and the sketch is by one of them.
(Michael D. Swords/International UFO Reporter)


Sketches by Project Blue
Book staff based on a report
by First Lt. Joseph F. Long of
the 97th Fighter Interceptor
Squadron, who encountered
four landed, disc-shaped
craft, 30 miles west of
Tonopah, Nevada, on
23 November 1957. Long
approached to within 50 feet
of the craft. The sighting
lasted 20 minutes.
(US Air Force)


OPERATIONS
& TRAINING
UFO'S  SERIOUS BUSINESS 
Unidentified flying objects - sometimes treated lightly by the press and referred to as "flyingsaucers" - must be rapidly and accurately identified as serious USAF business in the ZI As AFR 200-2points out, the Air Force concern with these sightings is threefold: First of all, is the object a threat tothe defense of the U,S.? Secondly, does it contribute to technical or scientific knowledge? And thenthere’s the inherent USAF responsibility to explain to the American people through public-informationmedia what is going on in their skies. The phenomena or actual objects comprising UFO's will tend to increase, with the public moreaware of goings on in space but still inclined to some apprehension. Technical and defenseconsiderations will continue to exist in this era. Published about three months ago, AFR 200-2 outlines necessary orderly, qualified reporting aswell as public-information procedures. This is where the base should stand today, with practicesjudged at least satisfactory by commander and inspector:- Responsibility for handling UFO's should rest with either intelligence, operations, theProvost Marshal or the Information Officer - in that order of preference, dictated by limitsof the base organization;- A specific officer should be designated as responsible;- He should have experience in investigative techniques and also, if possible, scientific ortechnical background;- He should have authority to obtain the assistance of specialists on the base;- He should be equipped with binoculars, camera, Geiger counter, magnifying glass andhave a source for containers in which to store samples.What is required is that every UFO sighting be investigated and reported to the Air TechnicalIntelligence Center at Wright-Patterson AFB and that explanation to the public be realistic andknowledgeable. Normally that explanation will be made only by the OSAF Information Office. It all adds up to part of the job of being experts in our own domain. \
‘Unidentified Flying Objects - sometimes treated lightly by the press and referred to as
“flying saucers” - must be rapidly and accurately identified as serious USAF business’,
begins this order, issued by the Inspector General of the Air Force to every Air Base
Commander in the continental United States on 24 December 1959. (US Air Force)


33.4 HUMAN FEAR AND HOSTILITY
Besides the foregoing reasons, contacting humans is downright dangerous. Think
about that for a moment. On the microscopic level our bodies reject and fight (through
production antibodies) any alien material; this process helps us fight off disease
but it also sometimes results In allergenic reactions to innocuous materials. On
the macroscopic (psychological and sociological) level we are antagonistic to beings
that are "different". For proof of that, just watch how an odd child is treated by
other children, or how a minority group is socially deprived, or how the Arabs feel
about the Israelis (Chinese vs Japanese, Turks vs Creeks, etc.) In case you are
hesitant to extend that concept to the treatment of aliens let me point out that in
very ancient times, possible extraterrestrials may have been treated as Gods but
in the last two thousand years, the evidence is that any possible aliens have been
ripped apart by mobs, shot and shot at, physically assaulted (in South America
there is s well-documented case), and in general treated with fear and aggression.
In Ireland about 1,000 A.D., supposed airships were treated as "demon-ships."
In Lyons, France, "admitted" space travellers were killed. More recently, on
24 July 1957 Russian anti-aircraft batteries on the Kouril Islands opened fire on
UFO's. Although all Soviet anti-aircraft batteries on the Islands were in action,
no hits were made. The UFO's were luminous and moved very fast. We too have
fired on UFO's. About ten o’clock one morning, a radar site near a fighter base
462
picked up a UFO doing 700 mph. The UFO then slowed to 100 mph, and two F-86's
were scrambled to intercept. Eventually one F-86 closed on the UFO at about 3,000
feet altitude. The UFO began to accelerate away but the pilot still managed to get to within 500 yards of the target for a short period of time. It was definitely saucershaped. 
As the pilot pushed the F-86 at top speed, the UFO began to pull away. When
the range reached 1,000 yards, the pilot armed his guns and fired in an attempt to
down the saucer. He failed, and the UFO pulled away rapidly, vanishing in the distance. 
This same basic situation may have happened on a more personal level.
A page from a chapter on ‘Unidentified Flying Objects’, which appeared in
Introductory Space Science, Volume II, a textbook for cadets in use at the US Air Force
Academy, Department of Physics, Colorado Springs, from 1968-1970. The chapter,
by Major Donald G. Carpenter, contradicts official USAF policy. (US Air Force)


===========================================================================
16. GLOBAL DEVELOPMENTS

Although UFOs have been reported globally, some countries seem to have
attracted more attention than others. One such country is Brazil, and a
huge build-up of events was reported there in the mid-1950s.
Chester C. Grusinski, who served on the aircraft carrier USS Franklin
D. Roosevelt (CVA-42), and whose own experience aboard that carrier
appears later in this chapter, reports that on 26 July 1956, two disc-shaped
objects were ‘suspended in mid-air’ over the carrier while it was at anchor
in the port of Rio de Janeiro:
They were over one another {and] had two rows of counter-rotating
lights. The upper disk released a fire-ball object that dropped into the
top of the lower one. Within seconds they both vanished with
tremendous speed. The objects could have been between 75 and 100
feet in [diameter]. And these were seen by Leon Treadwell, Petty
Officer Third Class, O.I. [Operations Intelligence] Division. All witnesses 
involved were told to keep a tight lip on what they saw, and
Treadwell had to sign papers that he would tell no-one for 20 years
... [On] the 25th or the 27th July 1956, a cigar[like] object was seen
and tracked on radar. And the CIC [Combat Information Center]
radars said it went off the scope in two sweeps ... witnessed by a chief
warrant officer, John C. Hau.1
At 20:55 on 14 August 1957, a Varig Airlines C-47 cargo plane
encountered a luminous object while flying 6,300 feet above the state of
Santa Catarina, en route for Rio de Janeiro. Commander Jorge C. Araujo
and his first officer, Edgar O. Soares, reported that suddenly the object
was ahead of the plane and then crossed to the right side, following a
horizontal trajectory. At this point, the engines began coughing and missing, 
and the lights in the cabin dimmed and almost went out - it seemed
that the whole electrical system of the plane was on the verge of collapse.
Everything returned to normal when the object went into a dive and
disappeared in cloud. The object, also observed by the radio operator and
two stewards, was saucer-shaped with a cupola or dome on top which
231
glowed with an intense green light; the flattened base showed less intense
yellowish light.2
Another incident occurred on 4 November 1957, involving a Varig C-
46 cargo plane flying from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo. At 01:40, what
looked just like a red light appeared on the port side of the plane.
Commander Jean Vincent de Beyssac joked to his co-pilot that at last they
were seeing a real flying saucer. Then the object seemed to loom larger.
Commander A. Simoes, who interviewed de Beyssac, reports:
He started to put his plane into a left bank, but just before he pressed
his rudder the object jumped a 45-degree arc on the horizon and
became larger. De Beyssac started pursuit and was about midway in
his left 80-degree turn when the object became even brighter and
suddenly he smelled something burning ... all at once his ADF
[automatic direction finder], right generator and transmitter ‘burned’
out. The ‘thing’ disappeared almost instantly, while the crew looked
for fire. De Beyssac turned on his emergency transmitter and reported
the incident to Porto Alegre control; then he turned his ship around
and headed back to Porto Alegre.
After submitting a written report, de Beyssac went home and got
drunk. That same day, Varig issued an order forbidding its pilots to discuss
UFO sightings with the media.3
A quarter of an hour or so after the C-46 incident, things started
hotting up - literally - in Brazil. At 02:00 on 4 November 1957, at the
Brazilian Army’s Itaipu Fortress at Sao Vicente, near Santos, two sentries
were struck by an unbearable wave of heat emanating from a large discshaped 
object hovering above them while emitting a humming sound. One
sentry fainted and the other yelled for help. Inside the garrison, the
electrical systems failed completely; even the back-up system would not
work. Both soldiers received first- and second-degree bums. The authorities
reacted desperately, as Dr Olavo Fontes, one of the world’s leading
investigators at that time, reports:
Next day the commander of the fortress issued orders forbidding the
whole garrison to say anything about the incident to anyone ...
Intelligence officers came and took charge, working frantically to
question and silence everyone ... The fortress was placed in a state of
martial law, and a top-secret report was sent to QG [headquarters].
Days later, American officers from the US Army Military Mission
arrived at the fortress, together with officers from the Brazilian Air
Force, to question the sentries and other witnesses involved. Afterwards
a special Air [Force] plane was chartered to bring the two burned
sentries to Rio Janeiro [where] they were put in the Army’s Central
Hospital (HCE), completely isolated from the world behind a tight
security curtain.4
As Chief of the Brazilian Air Force General Staff information service,
Colonel Joao A. Oliveira had headed Brazil’s first official military inquiry
into UFOs in the mid-1950s. Later promoted to the rank of Brigadier-
General, he was interviewed about the subject by the Brazilian press in
February 1958. ‘The flying saucer is not a ghost from another dimension or
a mysterious dragon,’ he declared. ‘It is a fact confirmed by material
evidence. There are thousands of documents, photos, and sighting reports
demonstrating its existence.. .’5
Dr Fontes was the Brazilian representative of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization (APRO), a major worldwide UFO organization
founded by Coral Lorenzen in 1952. In a long letter to Lorenzen in
February 1958, Fontes revealed a great deal of information provided to him
unofficially by Brazilian Air Force and Navy intelligence officers anxious to
obtain Fontes’s collaboration. Relevant to UFO hostility, for example,
Fontes learned the following during a meeting with two Navy sources:
... We have already lost many planes attempting to shoot down one
of them. We have no defence against them. They outperform easily
any of our fighters ... Guided missiles are also useless: they can fly
still faster than any of them and can even manoeuvre around them, as
if they were toys; or they can interfere with their electronic instruments
and make them useless soon after launch; or, if they like, they can
explode them before they reach their [target]. They have [caused] the
crash of military planes (propeller or jet type) and airliners by stalling
their engines through interference with their electric systems (we don’t
know yet if this is a side effect of their powerful magnetic field, or the
result of some kind of weapon - possibly a high-frequency beam of
some sort).
They have also a horribly destructive long-range weapon which
has been used mercilessly on our jet fighters. In one case, for example,
a US Navy interceptor with a crew of two was scrambled to go after a
UFO. Their mission was, as usual, to make it land or to shoot it down
- if necessary. They used their guns. The answer was immediate and
terrifying: instantly all metallic parts of their plane were disintegrated
into thousands of fragments, and they found themselves suddenly
seated in the air (non-metallic pieces or objects weren’t affected): one
of them was killed but the other lived to tell the story. We have
evidence that this tremendous weapon is an ultra-sonic beam of some
sort, which disrupts the molecular cohesion of any metallic structure.
They have means to paralyse our radar systems too, to interfere with
our radios and television, and to short-circuit our electric power-
plants ...
‘There is an exchange of information through intelligence services, and
top-secret conferences are held periodically to discuss new developments/
Fontes was told. ‘The Brazilian Navy, for example, receives monthly
classified reports from the US Navy, and sends back to them any information 
available ... Here in Brazil only the persons who work on the
problem know the real situation: intelligence officers in the Army, Navy
and Air Force; some high-ranking officers in the High Command; the
National Security Council and a few scientists whose activities are connected 
with it; and a few members of certain civilian organizations doing
research for military projects.
‘All information about the UFO subject from the military is not only
classified or reserved for official use: it is top-secret. Civilian authorities
and military officers in general are not entitled to know. Even our President
is not informed of the whole truth...’ In this regard, Dr Olavo Fontes was
informed by his Brazilian Navy intelligence sources about the state of play
at that time:
Military authorities throughout the world are agreed that the people
are not entitled to know anything about the problem. Some military
groups believe that such knowledge would be a tremendous shock -
enough to paralyze the life in our countries for many years ... The
probability of hostile UFO interference is still estimated as 90 per cent;
there is a 10 per cent probability that their hostility is only a
consequence of our attacks against their ships: because of this possibility, 
we are attempting now to make them aware that we would like
to make a peaceful contact - so, the orders (now) are to avoid any
further attacks against their craft. This policy has been adopted
generally, with the exception of some countries which still have fools
in their Air Forces who think otherwise.6
CLOSE ENCOUNTER ON AIRCRAFT CARRIER
Chester C. Grusinski (mentioned earlier) served on the aircraft carrier USS
Franklin D. Roosevelt (CVA-42) from 1958 to 1960. The incident he was
involved with occurred one night in September 1958, as the ship was sailing
in the Caribbean on a ‘shake-down’ cruise out of the US Navy base at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. ‘We’re out at sea, it was dark - eight or nine
o’clock’, said Grusinski, a nineteen-year-old fireman’s apprentice at the
time.7
I was down below decks. There was a bunch of men who came
running up from the engine room, and a couple of minutes later
another bunch came running up and I followed them all the way up
to the flight deck. They were watching a small light that was following
our ship. Then the light approached our ship. It came in close enough
that I could see a row of windows and the figures watching us from
inside. The impression I got was that those figures were not human
beings.8
‘I was kind of shocked because I wasn’t expecting something like that,’
Grusinski told reporter Gerald Scott. ‘Then, while we were looking at it, it
turned a red-orange colour and took off... It could’ve been a few minutes,
or it might’ve been quite a while - I’ve got no idea. But I could feel the
heat on my face when it came up. It was cigar-shaped. It came up close to
the [carrier’s] island superstructure. Then it took off and I went down
below decks. The next day, I was drinking a lot of water. I felt like I was
dehydrated ... I found out later that we also lost power on the ship the
night it happened.’ Grusinski estimates that 25 of the 3,000 crewmen
witnessed the event.9
‘The ship’s manoeuvres stopped suddenly for some unknown reason
during the UFO sighting,’ Grusinski told me. ‘The next day I got up early
to see the ship’s plan of the day. There was nothing about the last night’s
sighting. Years later the Executive Officer (1958-59), who was aboard the
ship, said in a letter that he knew nothing of the sighting; and there was
nothing in the deck logs.
‘Special investigators came aboard to investigate gambling below decks
- that was the excuse they used. I found out later they were CIA. And a
bunch of men - possibly witnesses - got transferred off the ship.’10
Grusinski also found out later that CVA-42 was one of only three
aircraft carriers in the Navy’s fleet that was equipped to carry nuclear
weapons, and ‘the first and only carrier at the time allowed to transport the
H-Bomb’. He feels this might have been a reason why the USS Franklin D.
Roosevelt attracted so many UFO sightings.
‘Chet’ Grusinki’s Freedom of Information requests have drawn a blank.
‘I got a copy of the ship’s deck logs from the years 1958-59; a lot of
information was blackened out,’ he said. ‘When I was looking for information 
on the 1958 sighting, a commander who was on the FDR the same
time period that I was told me that I was not supposed to even mention
something like this.. .’n

A TRAGIC INTERCEPTION IN JAPAN

Physicist Dr Bruce Maccabee has learned of an incident involving a USAF
jet based in Japan in the spring of 1959, related to him by a former
lieutenant colonel, a weather officer then stationed at the headquarters of
the Fifth Air Force, Yokota Air Base, near Tokyo.
Four F-106 Delta Dart jets stationed in Okinawa and Misawa, Japan,
had been instrumented specifically to track and fire on unidentified flying
objects. During a visit by the officer to the combat-operations centre at
dusk one evening, two F-106s were scrambled to intercept a UFO that had
been plotted on radar south of Misawa. Only one jet took off, however,
because the other F-106 had developed an instrument malfunction. ‘And
so the pilot climbed on out and said he was dear on top/ the officer
related. ‘Because there was a general interest in the command centre in
what was happening, they put it on a speaker system. I could hear the
down-link from the pilot. The radarscope operators had a tie-in with
the Misawa operators on the radars, and they were the only ones who could
hear the ground link-up, so I could hear only half the conversation.’
Basically they were vectoring him in, and he said something like
‘I’ve got it in sight’, and he described what appeared to be a circular
object that was hovering. It was metallic and had a cockpit on top
... he asked if he should make a firing pass [and] so they called the
Pentagon to get authority, and the word came back, yes, make a
firing pass ... So the pilot said, ‘Will roll in,’ and he rolled in and he
fired the [missiles] off. Then all of a sudden his voice went into a
high falsetto. It was real strange. He blurted out that he had fired,
and they had detonated but did not hit it; they detonated just at the
edge of it...
And then he says, ‘They’ve turned on some kind of beam, and
they’re turning ... They’re coming after me.’ And then he went into a
vertical diving maneuver. And the radar operators started screaming
out that it was moving and vectoring towards him, and they started
counting out the ranges as it was coming down. The pilot was just
breathing heavily and obviously under great stress but controlled, and
he said, ‘It’s moving closer’. And he just kept describing how it kept
gaining on him and this beam was coming towards him. And then the
radar operators said, ‘Contact’. The two blips matched! And a radar
operator said, ‘My God, there’s no separation ... The thing has
stopped. It’s just a single blip hovering, but there’s nothing else’.
[Subsequently the blip also disappeared.]
‘For four days after that,’ said the officer, ‘I gave weather briefings every
day for a search up there. They never did find anything.. .’,2

BEHIND THE IRON CURTAIN

In the spring of 1959, Soviet PVO (Air Defence) personnel had observed
UFOs circling and hovering for more than twenty-four hours above
Sverdlovsk, the headquarters of a surface-to-air missile unit. Fighters sent
to intercept reported that the UFOs easily outmanoeuvred them, and
zigzagged to avoid their cannon fire.13
In Czechoslovakia, Commander Duchon and another officer named
BezAc, belonging to ‘a certain unit’ of the Czechoslovak Air Force, were
driving towards ‘a certain airfield’ (location presumably censored by the
then Communist government) to supervise some night-flying exercises. It
was about 20:00 on 16 November 1959. At a distance of some 10 kilometres
from the airfield, their car engine stalled. As Duchon got out to check, a
‘light, sapphire-coloured band’ could be seen moving at extremely high
speed at an altitude of 500 to 800 metres. The coloured band remained
behind for a few seconds, apparently in the wake of some unidentified
flying object. There was no sound.
The car eventually restarted and the airmen proceeded to the airbase,
where they learned that a number of pilots and ground personnel had
observed a ‘flaming ball’ in the sky at 20:05, which flew silently over the
base at a terrific speed, described a 90-degree turn, and then came back
over the base. The object was tracked on radar at an altitude of 1,000
metres on its return flight over the base; its size was approximately twice
that of the largest known bomber. Aircraft held in emergency preparedness
at the base received orders to intercept, but for some unaccountable reason
they were unable to take off before the object had disappeared from the
radarscope and from the view of ground observers.
One minute later the object returned, this time remaining motionless
for two minutes over the runway at a height of 100 metres before
accelerating at a fantastic speed and disappearing. During this time,
observations through binoculars were made by control-tower staff and antiaircraft 
gun personnel. All described the object as a disc no less than 150
metres in diameter, with a glowing band around it. ‘Unsuccessful attempts
were made to contact it by radio in Russian and English and also in the
international aviation code,’ reported the Czechoslovak journal Kridla Vlasti
(The Power of Wings). ‘The air and soil were immediately tested for
radioactivity, but no trace of such was found.’14
The latter statement suggests to me that the Czechs - perhaps via the
Soviets - were aware of the news item relating to the radioactivity tests
following the Redmond, Oregon, incident two months earlier.
According to Alexander Platskin, a former member of‘Institute 22’, the
Soviet Government’s vast, top-secret UFO research programme set up in
1977 (to be discussed later), between the mid-1950s and mid-1960s about
15,000	sightings were reported by pilots, of which most could be explained,
he said.ls
Around the world, the reports continued. Governments, understandably 
anxious to avoid societal disruption, continued officially to dismiss the
reality of alien intrusions. Behind the scenes, military and intelligence
leaders - knowing more about the situation than their political masters -
remained confounded and disturbed.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Michigan MUFON Newsletter (date not known).
2. Lorenzen, Coral E., The Great Flying Saucer Hoax, William-Frederick, New York,
1962, p. 146-7.
3. Ibid., p. 147-8.
4. Fontes, Dr Olavo T., The APRO Bulletin, September 1957, Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization, Alamogordo, NM, in Jules Lemaitre, ‘A Strange Story
from Brazil’, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 6, No. 1, January-February 1960,
pp. 9-11.
5. O Globo, Rio de Janeiro, 28 February 1958.
6. Letter from Olavo Fontes MD to Coral Lorenzen, 27 February 1958.
7. Scott, Gerald, ‘Close Encounter: Area Autoworker is “Mr UFO” ’, Motor City
News, Detroit, 17 August 1998, p. IB.
8. Michigan MUFON Newsletter.
9. Scott, op. cit.
10. Letters, 26 November 1992 and 27 September 1998.
11. Michigan MUFON Newsletter.
12. Maccabee, Bruce, ‘Hiding the Hardware’, International UFO Reporter, Vol. 16, No.
4, September-October 1991, pp. 8-9.
13. ‘UFOs over Russia’, Flying Saucers, No. 47, Palmer Publications, Amherst,
Wisconsin, May 1966, pp. 6-10.
14. Kridla Vlasti, No. 26, 22 December 1959, translated in Flying Saucer Review, Vol.
6, No. 4, July-August 1960, pp. 31-2.
15. Soviet UFO Secrets Revealed, a documentary for the History Channel produced by
Bill Brummel Productions, Inc.




PART THREE: 1960-2006


==============================================================================
17. BLACKOUT

In the early 1960s two former CIA officials - both on the board of Major
Donald Keyhoe’s National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP) - wrote strong supportive statements for UFO reality, contradicting 
the official position of the US Government. Colonel Joseph J. Bryan III,
founder and first chief of the CIA’s Psychological Warfare Staff, outlined
his evaluation of the problem in an open letter to Keyhoe, which was sent
to Congress:
I am aware that hundreds of military and airline pilots, airport
personnel, astronomers, missile trackers and other competent observers 
have reported sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects ... It is my
opinion that: The UFOs [are] devices under intelligent control. Their
speeds, maneuvers and other technical evidence prove them superior
to any aircraft or space devices now produced on Earth. These UFOs
are interplanetary devices systematically observing the Earth, either
manned or under remote control, or both.
Information on UFOs, including sightings reports, has been and is
still being officially withheld. This policy is dangerous, especially since
mistaken identification of UFOs as a secret Russian attack might
accidentally set off war ..
‘It is time for the truth to be brought out in open Congressional
hearings,’ declared Vice Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, former Director of
the CIA, in a letter to Keyhoe dated 22 August 1960, also sent to Congress.
‘Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned
about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens
are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.’ He also charged
that ‘to hide the facts, the Air Force has silenced its personnel’ through
issuance of a regulation (see p. 260). ‘I urge immediate Congressional
action to reduce the dangers from secrecy about Unidentified Flying
Objects,’ he continued. ‘Two dangers are steadily increasing: 1. The risk of
accidental war from mistaking UFO formations for a surprise Soviet attack.
2. The danger that the Soviet Government may, in a critical moment,
claim the UFOs as secret Russian weapons against which our defences are
helpless.’2 (See p. 261.)

USAF PILOTS' SIGHTINGS REVEALED

Pilots generally are reluctant to go public with their encounters, even if no
longer duty-bound by their security oaths. There are exceptions, as we have
seen earlier, and in 1999, details emerged of an experience that occurred in
late 1959 or early 1960, when General Curtis LeMay, then Vice-Chief of Air
Staff, conducted an exercise to test his bombers’ capability to penetrate
United States air defences. An F-89J Scorpion jet instructor pilot (name on
file with the Mutual UFO Network) and his radar observer, First Lieutenant
Joe Meyer, had successfully ‘intercepted’ a B-47 and were descending to
land at James Connally AFB, Waco, Texas, when they encountered an
unknown target.
‘The night was crystal clear with visibility unlimited [and] 1 arrived just
north and west of Waco at 22,000 feet,’ said the pilot. ‘I noticed a light way
out to my right, and level with us, over Waco. I pointed this out to Joe
[and] continued my turn while watching the pinpoint of light. It didn’t
move as I swung into it. I added power, levelled off, and put the object on
my jet’s nose. At 12 miles, Joe told me he had picked up the object [and]
in a moment he had a lock-on, and my pilot’s [radar] scope lit up to show
a collision course to fly for firing our 2.75-inch rockets.’ The report
continues:
Although unarmed, the attack radar presented information as if we
were armed. Joe gave me course and overtake information and, as
we approached, I could see that the object had four extremely bright
blue-white round dots of light on the side that I could observe. I
checked my true airspeed [TAS] against the overtake ring on my scope,
as by now we were down to 10 seconds to fire.
Our overtake and my true airspeed were identical, meaning that
the object was standing still. I was reading 275 TAS. I tried to measure
the width of the object against my wingspan and came up with
something around 25-30 feet. Joe and I estimated the height at 8-9
feet. By now we were down to five seconds to fire and on a collision
course with the object. I wondered what the hell I was going to do.
We concluded it was a UFO. I remember that the technique of
ramming, which was taught as a last resort, came into my mind.
Instantly, the dot on my scope flew up and I heard the radar antenna
hit the stops ... I looked up to see the object climbing straight up at
an incredible speed. Within a few seconds we were directly under
where the object had been, and Joe and I looked straight up into its
belly, which was round and, again, a brilliant blue-white ... When I
flew directly below the spot where the object had been, I anticipated
hitting the ‘wash’ [but] to our surprise there was none.
As we watched, the vehicle rapidly became smaller and smaller
until it was like a star in the	sky, then it went out of sight.	Joe and I
estimated	that we lost sight	of it in	excess of 90,000 feet.	We were
extremely shaken up by the event and swore each other to secrecy, as
we knew if we mentioned what had just happened we would be
branded as nuts ... and probably grounded.3
In the summer of 1961, Captain Robert Filler and his wingman,
Lieutenant Phil Lee, based with the 82nd Fighter Interceptor Squadron at
Travis Air Force Base, California, were scrambled in their F-102 Delta
Dagger jets to intercept a target. The case is published here for the first
time.
‘The planes that we had on alert were all peaked up: all the radar was
20 miles and the weapons systems worked at 20 miles,’ Filler told me.
‘When they gave us the altitude, I thought, well, that’s fairly high for
anything we’ve ever run an intercept on - I’m going to guess around 50,000
feet. The people that were controlling us on the ground said that we were
getting close to 20 miles out. On most of the missions I rarely get a contact
at 20 miles -	the radars aren’t	peaked	up all the time. Our	approximate
position was	north of Travis,	up in	the mountain area	close to	the
Sacramento Valley.’
I got a contact at 20 miles and got a lock-on - that means the weapons
system is locked on to the target, and you get a speed indication of the
target. Speed indication was zero - it was stationary. At five miles,
roughly, I have this ‘steering dot’ - which tells you where to fly your
airplane to the target - and it takes off and goes to the top of the
scope, which means it’s going up into a higher altitude. We get to see
nothing, except that both of us had it on radar.
I start timing it. And the timing, as the steering dot is going to the
top, where it breaks lock and loses contact, is constantly the same.
And that is, 20 miles in two seconds, which comes out as almost
36,000	mph!
So after we landed, I picked up the phone and called the radar
control room, ‘What was thatV ‘We don’t know,’ they said. ‘It came
in from outer space. We saw it come in, we saw it stop, and we
watched it stationary for 30 minutes. Then we made the decision to
scramble the two fighters at Travis to go in and identify it.’ We asked
our squadron commander if we ought to make a written report, and
he said no. We heard nothing from division, nothing from the people
who made the decision to scramble us in the first place.
So later I said to my wingman that maybe it’s a good idea that we
just don’t talk about this, because at the time I thought we’d run into
something that Air Defense Command knew nothing about, that was
American - something top secret.4

ELECTRICAL INTERFERENCE

A few months later, in the summer of 1961, new surface-to-air missiles
were being set up near Rybinsk, 150 kilometres from Moscow, as part of
the Moscow air-defence network. According to science reporter Alberto
Fenoglio, a huge disc-shaped object appeared at an estimated altitude of
20,000	metres, surrounded by a number of smaller objects. ‘A nervous
missile battery commander panicked and gave - unauthorized - the order
to fire a salvo at the giant disc,’ Fenoglio reported.
The missiles were fired. All exploded when at an estimated distance of
some two kilometres from the target, creating a fantastic spectacle in
the sky. A second salvo followed, with the same result. The third salvo
was never fired, for at this point the smaller ‘saucers’ went into action
and stalled the electrical apparatus of the whole missile base. When
the smaller discoidal UFOs had withdrawn and joined the larger craft,
the electrical apparatus was again found to be in working order.5
Massive power failures have long been associated with UFO activity.
On 18 April 1962, Stead AFB, Nevada, admitted that a huge object of
unknown identity had landed near an electric power station in Eureka,
Nevada, knocking out the power station for more than an hour. This news
was withheld until service was restored, after the mysterious object took
off. Nellis AFB, Nevada, admitted that the object had been tracked on radar
from as far east as Oneida, New York, and that it had been chased by
armed interceptor jets from the Phoenix Air Defense Command. Reportedly
it ‘exploded’ with terrific force after it took off, lighting up the streets of
Reno. The object was seen as far west as California, and then disappeared
from radar.6

SIGHTINGS BY X-15 ROCKET PILOTS

During a lecture at the Second National Conference on the Peaceful Uses
of Space Research in Seattle on 11 May 1962, NASA pilot Joseph A. Walker
said that it was one of his appointed tasks to detect unidentified flying
objects during his flights in the rocket-powered X-15 aircraft. He referred
to UFOs he had filmed during his record-breaking 50-mile-high flight a few
weeks previously.7 Leonard Stringfield was given further details by a NASA
test engineer who had worked on the X-15 programme at Edwards Air
Force Base, California.
On 30 April 1962, two disc-shaped objects overtook Walker’s X-15 as
it was climbing at 3,400 mph at an altitude of about 200,000 feet. ‘Two
UFOs just passed overhead,’ Walker reported, according to the engineer,
who was in the Flight Research Center (FRC) control room at the time.
No other details were supplied by the pilot. The aft fuselage cameras on the
X-15 caught the UFOs on film, which was later seen by the engineer during
the post-flight debriefing. The film clearly showed two white or silver discshaped 
aircraft flying in tight formation, rapidly overtaking the X-15 from
behind and passing overhead, possibly 100-200 feet above the plane.8
At the Seattle conference, Walker revealed that it was the second
occasion on which he had filmed UFOs in flight. ‘I don’t feel like
speculating about them,’ he said. ‘All I know is what appeared on the
film.. .’9
On 17 July 1962, Major Robert White piloted an X-15 to its maximum
altitude of 314,000 feet when, according to Stringfield’s source, White
reported to NASA FRC Control that ‘several’ UFOs were flying in formation
with him. Twenty other control-room personnel overheard the communication.
10 ‘There are things out there. There absolutely is! [sic],’ Time
magazine quotes Major White as having reported excitedly over his radio.11

ALIEN CONTACTS REPORTED BY USAF PERSONNEL

Forty-five-year-old Sidney Padrick, a TV and radio technician and private
pilot, served in the US Air Force during the Second World War and later
with the Air Force Reserve. At 02:00 on 30 January 1965 he encountered a
craft of unknown origin near his home at Manresa Beach, near Watsonville,
75 miles south of San Francisco. The craft, about 75 feet in diameter and
30 feet high, had come to rest just above the ground. Padrick panicked
and began to run, and then a voice came from the craft: ‘Do not be
frightened, we are not hostile.’ Padrick continued to run. The voice repeated
the phrase, and then added: ‘We mean you no harm,’ and invited him to
come on board. As he approached cautiously, a door opened and he went
inside, finding himself in a small compartment. Another door slid open
and he entered, to be met by a man.
‘He was no different from me in basic appearance, had clean-cut
features, and wore a type of flying suit that covered the body fully,’ said
Padrick. On board were seven other men, similar in appearance, and one
woman, described as extremely pretty. They were all about 5 feet 8 inches
to 5 feet 9 inches tall.
By our own standards I would say they all looked between 20 and 25
years old; very young, pert, energetic and intelligent looking. Their
features were similar to ours. There was only one feature I noticed
that would differ from us greatly, and that was that their faces came to
a point, much more than ours. They had sharp chins and noses. Their
skin was somewhat of an ‘Armenian’ colour. Their eyes were all very
dark ... there was nothing unusual about them - their brightness,
depth or luminescence.
All the men appeared to have very short auburn hair, but it looked
as though it had never been cut - it looked like a natural growth. The
lady had long hair and it was pushed down inside her clothing ...
Their fingers were a little longer than mine [and] the fingernails looked
as if someone had just given them a manicure.
All of them were wearing two-piece suits - slip-on type - light
bluish-white in colour [and] no buttons or zippers that I could see.
The bottom section actually included the shoes - it looked like boots
which continued on up to the waistline, without any break around the
ankles ... There was a large band in the middle, and large cuffs, and a
very large collar that came down with a ‘V’ neck. The collar had a very
pretty design on it ... and the neck piece - right around the neck -
had a braid of some kind on it... They had soles and heels [because]
I could hear them walking on the rubbery-like floor.
The first man encountered by Padrick acted as spokesman, explaining
that he was the only one on board who spoke English.
He had no accent whatsoever. It was just as plain and just as perfectly-
spoken English as anyone had ever spoken on this Earth ... Every
question I asked him, he would pause for about 25 or 30 seconds
before he would answer, regardless of how minor it was. Perhaps he
was getting instructions mentally... I think if the crew communicated
with each other, it was through mental telepathy, because I could see
nothing that would indicate communication otherwise.
Each of the occupied rooms had instrument panels on the walls, with
crew members concentrating on the instruments. ‘They merely glanced
around at me when I entered their room, then turned back to their work/
said Padrick.
Some rooms had four or five instruments, others 15 or 20, but they
were of a similar type in each room. They were nothing like ours. I
didn’t get close to any of the walls that had the movable instruments
on them, because when I started to advance in the first room he held
out his hand for me not to advance ... I saw markings on some of the
instruments; something like a tape moving along, with little tiny dots
and dashes on it... They [also] had meters, but I could not see dials
on them. He said they lit up only when in use.
Padrick was shown an oblong lens, which he took to be part of a
viewing system, with a magnified three-dimensional effect. On it he saw an
object which he was told was a ‘navigation craft’. It looked like a ‘blimp’.
‘The object was in sunlight, so it had to be pretty far out - I imagine 1,000
miles out, or better ... he told me that the power source [of the smaller
craft] was transferred to them from the other craft, and that it did all the
navigation and manipulation through space. He told me they don’t measure
time and distance as we know it but rather in terms of light. When I asked
him how fast they travelled through space, he answered that their speed
was limited only by the speed at which they could transfer their energy
source.’
After a while Padrick was informed that they had travelled some
distance and were now parked in a deserted area, which on subsequent
investigation turned out to be near Leggett, California, 175 miles northwest 
of Watsonville.
After we had landed on the hillside, he told me to step out so that I
could come back to the place later - to know this was real and not
dreamed. I stepped out alone and walked around the outside of the
ship.
I felt the hull. It seemed very hard but not metallic: I never felt
anything like it before. The closest thing to it on this Earth I ever
felt would be a windshield - Plexiglas ... I was outside for not more
than three minutes. I got down and looked at the legs it was on and I
tried to find markings on it: I didn’t find a mark anyplace.
Padrick asked where the craft and its people came from, and received
a somewhat cryptic reply. ‘He told me they were from a planet in back
of a planet which we observe - but we do not observe them. He did not
say we couldn’t observe them - he merely said that we didn’t observe them
... I think their planet is in our solar system.’
The spaceman described his Utopian society to Padrick: ‘As you know
it, we have no sickness, we have no crimes, we have no police force. We
have no schools - our young are taught at an early age to do a job, which
they do very well. Because of our long life expectancy we have a very strict
birth control. We have no money. We live as one.’
As to the purpose of the visit, Padrick was told, ‘Observation only.’
‘I don’t think it meant for them to observe us, I think it was for me to
observe them [because] he didn’t ask me one thing about myself, and this
leads me to believe that they know about us already ... He did say they
would come for further observations [and] I think they are observing
people, mostly.’
Padrick was taken to a ‘consultation room', in which, for the first time
in his life, he ‘felt the presence of the Supreme Being’. ‘It’s obvious that
they are on a very high scientific level,’ he reported, ‘but their relation with
the Supreme Being means a lot more to them than their technical and
scientific ability and knowledge. I would say that their religion and their
science are all in one.’
Padrick was taken back to where he had been picked up two hours
earlier. He stepped out of the craft and walked home.
Sid Padrick reported his experience to the Air Force, and was grilled
for three hours by a team headed by Major Damon B. Reeder from
Hamilton AFB (Headquarters, Western Air Defense Force), near Sacramento. 
The investigators told Padrick he was ‘a lucky man’: there had been
two instances where hostility had been involved; one the Mantell case, and
the other an incident when an aircraft completely vanished from a radar
screen (as we have learned, there have been many more such incidents).
Tellingly, however, the Air Force informed Padrick that there was more
than one group of UFOs visiting Earth, and that there were friendly as well
as hostile craft, from more than one source.
There were certain details [the Air Force] asked me not to talk about
publicly, but I think in telling it that everything should be disclosed
... They didn’t want me to say the space people had no money ...
They didn’t want me to divulge their means of communication, and
where they got their power from. Also, the man’s name - they told me
I should never repeat that because it didn’t mean anything. The
spaceman had said, ‘You may call me Xeno’. He didn’t say it his
name. [Xeno means ‘stranger’ or ‘foreigner’ in Greek.]I2>1314
The official Air Force report, signed by Major Reeder, Base Operations
Officer, Hamilton AFB, and forwarded to the Foreign Technology Division
at Wright-Patterson AFB, includes further details of Padrick’s conversation
with Xeno, from which I cite the following:
(1) Q. How did you evade our radar? A. The hull of our spacecraft
absorbs energy and will not allow a reflection or harmful
penetration...
(4) Q. Are you human? A. Yes, we are human, but not your type...
(13) Q. How did you pick me for this experience? A. We did not pick
you. It was your choice. You are the first person ever to come aboard
this ship. We have invited many before but they were frightened away.
(14) Q. If I were a scientist could I have learned more? A. No .. ,15
In 1967, L.D. ‘Pat’ Cody, Director of Aerospace Education at Hamilton
AFB, reported in a letter to Dr James E. McDonald (an atmospheric
physicist and leading UFO investigator at the time) that he had become
very interested in the case and had asked Major Reeder to brief his staff on
it. ‘I understood from the Major,’ wrote Cody, ‘that he had interviewed
several local citizens ... who vouched for the apparent reliability of Mr
Padrick. I understood that Sid was, at that time, in his twentieth year as an
Air Force Reservist and was a private pilot with a little over 600 hours of
flying time...’	**
In his letter to Cody, McDonald had expressed his scepticism about the
case, based on its religious connotation. *1, too, have been quite sceptical of
his story because of the “Supreme Deity” bit,’ responded Cody. ‘However,
I may be a trifle too critical of this religious aspect because of interviews
with a few others who claimed “contacts” ... He seemed sincere to Mrs
Cody and to me during the interview and both of us agreed he had either
been in this craft or had had such a vivid dream that he believed he had.’16
Although I never met the reclusive Sid Padrick (I mistakenly referred
to him as ‘the late’ in Beyond Top Secret), based on the taped lecture I have
listened to on many occasions, I believe the story to be genuine.
In 1965, Benton Air Force Station, Red Rock, Pennsylvania, was part of
the Aerospace Defense Command Interior Radar Defense Zone. On 5
March that year, two Air Force radar technicians were repairing the height-
finder radar antenna, located north-east of the 648th Radar Squadron site.
One of the technicians is the brother of former Chief Master Sergeant
Walter, who relates that ‘a small saucer-shaped object landed nearby’.
As they approached the saucer, a beam of light came out and struck
both technicians. That was the last they could remember, and they
failed to report to their command post. Air Policemen went to search
for the two technicians, but they could not be found. All their tools
and equipment were located near the antenna they were fixing. The
Pennsylvania State Police were alerted, and a search of the area began.
Sixteen hours later, a state trooper found the two technicians
walking on Route 487 about 10 miles from the site, south of Lopez.
They seemed dazed, and were transported to a hospital in Williamsport
[and] found to be dehydrated and confused. No alcohol or drugs were
found in their system. They were later transferred to an Air Force
hospital at Stewart AFB, New York. Trace amounts of alpha radiation
were found on their clothing and strange marks were discovered on
their necks.
Special Agents from the [Air Force] Office of Special Investigations
interviewed the technicians. They related their story up to the point of
the beam of light. They could not remember anything after that ...
they both spent two weeks in the hospital and were released back to
their unit. My brother was re-examined at the Air Force Psychiatric
Center, Sheppard AFB, Texas, in 1966 [where] the doctor asked him if
he thought he was abducted by extraterrestrial visitors! ... He [now]
won’t speak about the incident.17

JAPAN AND INDONESIA

On the night of 15 February 1965, a group of US Army and Air Force
officers was being flown to Japan in a Flying Tiger Line aircraft chartered
by the Defense Department. About an hour from Tokyo, the plane’s radar
detected three huge, fast-moving objects. A reddish glow then appeared in
the sky to the left, and three enormous oval-shaped objects in close
formation now descended towards the plane. As the captain prepared to
turn, the UFOs veered to one side, abruptly reduced speed and levelled out
- still in close formation - at the plane’s flight level (altitude).
‘The radar showed they were five miles away, but even at that distance
they looked gigantic,’ reported Major Keyhoe. ‘As the giant ships continued
to pace the airliner the captain sent a crewman back into the cabin. In a
few minutes he returned with an Air Force officer. The Flying Tiger captain
had hoped that an emergency message might bring jets from Okinawa, in
case of trouble. But the AF man, after an amazed inspection of the huge
UFOs, warned him not to try it. Even if the jets arrived in time, they
probably would be helpless - and they might cause an attack.’
For several minutes more the giant spaceships kept on pacing the
plane, while the strain built up in the cockpit. Then the formation
abrupdy angled upward. Accelerating to 1,200 knots, the ships disappeared 
in seconds. When the plane landed, AF Intelligence sent a
coded report to the Pentagon. It had a powerful impact. The AF officer
who had viewed the ships had estimated their size, using the five-mile
distance as the basis. If he were correct the three spacecraft must have
been nearly 2,000 feet in length - possibly even more .. .18
It was 18 March 1965. At around 19:00, three workers in Fuchu, near
Hiroshima, reported sighting a strange object over Yuki Town, ‘shaped like
a triangle whose top radiated a brilliant light’. At 19:06, Captain Yoshiharu
Inaba was flying a TOA Airlines Convair 240 from Osaka to Hiroshima,
Japan, at an altitude of some 2,000 metres. Weather conditions were good,
with a full moon. Suddenly, a ‘mysterious, elliptical, luminous object’
appeared, just after the plane passed Himeji. ‘The object followed for a
while,’ said Inaba, ‘and then stopped for about three minutes, and then
followed along my left wing across the Inland Sea for a distance of about
90 kilometres ... then disappeared.’
Initially fearing a collision, Inaba made a 60-degree turn to the right.
Immediately, the object made an abrupt turn and positioned itself alongside
the port wing. Emitting a greenish light, the object affected the automatic
direction finder (ADF) as well as the radio. As the co-pilot, Tetsu Majima,
tried ;insuccessfufly to contact the Matsuyama tower to report the incident,
he heard frantic calls from the pilot of a Tokyo Airlines Piper Apache, Joji
Negishi, who said he was being chased by a mysterious luminous object
while flying along the northern part of Matsuyama City.
According to a message relayed from the New York Times office in
Tokyo to the TOA Airlines office, a group of ‘flying saucer experts’ from
the US Defense Department, the Federal Aviation Administration and the
Palomar Observatory (California) was being sent to Japan to interview
Inaba and Negishi. ‘The American mission is believed to be interested in
the case,’ it was reported, ‘because there have been several mysterious
aviation accidents and flying saucers might have been involved.’19,20,21
‘UFOs sighted in Indonesia are identical with those sighted in other
countries,’ declared Air Marshal Roesmin Nurjadin, Commander-in-Chief
of the Indonesian Air Force (now Indonesian National Defence-Air Force)
in 1967. ‘Sometimes they pose a problem for our air defence, and once we
were obliged to open fire on them.’22
The most active periods for UFO reports in Indonesia were 1953-4
and 1964-5, according to Air Commodore J. Salutun, former Member of
Parliament and Secretary of the National Aerospace Council of the Republic
of Indonesia. Salutun has confirmed the incident referred to by Air Marshal
Nurjadin: ‘The most spectacular UFO incident in Indonesia occurred when,
during the height of President Sukarno’s confrontation against Malaysia,
UFOs penetrated a well-defended area in Java for two weeks at a stretch,
and each time were welcomed with perhaps the heaviest anti-aircraft
barrage in history.’ He added:
I am convinced that we must study the UFO problem seriously, for
reasons of sociology, technology and security. The study of UFOs
may lead to new and revolutionary concepts in propulsion and space
technology in general, from which our present state-of-the-art may
benefit. The study of UFOs is a necessity for the sake of world
security in the event we have to prepare for the worst in the space
age, irrespective of whether we become the Columbus or the
Indians.. .23

A DEMONSTRATION OF POWER

During Congressional hearings on UFOs before the House Committee on
Science and Astronautics in July 1968, physicist Dr James E. McDonald felt
obliged to report that the vast north-east American power blackout of 9
November 1965 may have been caused by UFO activity. ‘There were [UFO]
reports all over New England in the midst of that blackout,’ he stated. ‘It is
rather puzzling that the pulse of current that tripped the relay on the
Ontario Hydro Commission Plant has never been identified ... Just how a
UFO could trigger such an outage on a large power network is, however,
not clear. But this is a disturbing series of coincidences .. .’24
Were aliens responsible? Legendary Hollywood actor Stuart Whitman
believes so. Alone in his hotel room in New York City during the blackout,
he was awoken just before dawn by a whistling sound outside his twelfth-
floor window. Two strange objects could be seen. ‘One of them was orange
and the other was blue,’ he explained to reporter Vernon Scott. ‘They gave
off a strange luminescent light, so I couldn’t see if there were portholes or
who was in them.
Then I heard them speaking to me as if they were on a loudspeaker.
They spoke to me in English. It may not have been audible to anyone
else: I was probably tuned into the right wavelength. They said they
wanted to talk to me because I appeared to have no malice or hate in
my soul. They said they were fearful of Earth because Earthlings were
messing around with unknown quantities and might disrupt the
balance of the universe or their planet.
They said the blackout was just a little demonstration of their
power, and that they could do a lot more with almost no effort. It
served as a warning. They said they could stop our whole planet from
functioning. They asked me to do what I could to fight malice, prejudice
and hate on Earth, and then they took off. I felt elated. I wasn’t even
shocked. I was standing by the window and awake the entire time. I
don’t know why they picked me as a contact. But I’ll swear off a Bible
that I saw them out there and that they talked to me .. .25

CRASH-LANDING AT KECKSBURG

A month after the vast north-east American power blackout, one of the
best-attested incidents involving the crash-landing of an unknown craft
occurred, close to the Pennsylvania village of Kecksburg. Initially reported
as a fiery object by numerous witnesses in nearby states and Canada, the
craft came down at 16:45 on 9 December 1965. US Army personnel and
many state police arrived and cordoned off the area. Just before it crash-
landed, the object described a series of controlled manoeuvres. Hundreds
drove to the site to see what had happened. Later, personnel from the
USAF’s 4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron arrived. After a search
covering a 75-acre area and lasting until 02:00 the following morning, the
Air Force announced that nothing had been found, explaining the incident
as ‘a meteor or meteors’.
Stan Gordon, a UFO researcher who became the leading investigator of
the case, interviewed numerous witnesses over a period of decades. One
witness told Gordon that the object passed about 200 feet above him,
moving about as fast as a light plane. Another witness described the object
as an acorn-shaped, brownish object which ‘made a hissing sound as it
spewed greenish fire from its rear’. Another witness, Bill Bulebush, saw the
object hesitate and make a turn before descending in the woods.
Firefighter James Romansky was one of the first to get really close to
the object before the authorities arrived. ‘He said he saw a bronze-coloured,
acorn-shaped object with no windows, doors, or seams, partially buried in
a gully,’ reports Leslie Kean (pronounced ‘Kane’), a respected investigative
journalist who has also made a thorough study of the case. ‘It was about
10-12 feet tall, large enough for a man to stand up in, and 8-12 feet in
diameter. Romansky said he saw strange symbols that looked like Egyptian
hieroglyphics on the back, or “bumper area” of the acorn. He stayed on the
scene with a group of firemen until ordered to leave by two men in trench
coats, followed by the uniformed military.’
Hundreds of people, including the media, witnessed the military and
police presence that night, and some witnessed the arrival of a small convoy
of trucks entering the ravine where the object had crash-landed. The
military threatened civilians with guns if they got too close to the barricade.
Later, witnesses observed an object being whisked away at speed on the
back of a flat-bed tractor-trailer truck. ‘Jerry Betters said he was harshly
ordered at gunpoint to leave the area after he and his friends caught a
glimpse of an acom-shaped object [that was] on the back of an Army
flatbed truck as it struggled up through a field,’ Kean’s report continues.
The object was not fully covered and Betters was able to see what looked
like hieroglyphs on the back of the object, like the markings described by
Romansky (see plates).
Another witness who gained access to the site before the authorities
arrived was John Murphy, news director for the local radio station WHJB,
who is reported to have taken several photographs of the object. Later that
evening, a state police officer confirmed to Murphy the presence of a blue
object, ‘pulsating’ and with a light on it, matching descriptions by other
witnesses of ‘blue lights’ in the woods. ‘In the weeks that followed,’ says
Kean, ‘Murphy became obsessed with the case and developed a radio
documentary [that] included interviews conducted that night. One day, he
received an unexpected visit from authorities in plain clothes. [His] tapes
were confiscated; no one knows what happened to the photographs.’ Some
interviewees, too, were apparently visited by the same authorities, and
became reluctant to discuss the matter further. A news blackout had been
imposed.
‘In the 1980s, investigators obtained copies of the Air Force Project Blue
Book file on the case,’ continues Kean. ‘A handwritten memo stated that a
“three-man team” was sent out from Oakdale, Pennsylvania, “to investigate
and pick up an object that started a fire”. The files say that members of the
662nd Radar Squadron searched until 2 a.m. and found nothing.'
James Oberg, a noted UFO debunker who works for NASA, originally
claimed that the real explanation for the Kecksburg object is that it was
part of Cosmos 96, a failed Russian Venera (Venus) probe that the US Air
Force Space Command reported had re-entered Earth’s atmosphere over
Canada at 03:18 the same day. However, the timing does not match. In an
April 2005 response to a request from Leslie Kean, Nicholas L. Johnson,
chief scientist for orbital debris at NASA’s Johnson Space Center, informed
Towers Productions (then producing a documentary for the History Channel), 
‘No part of Cosmos 96 could have landed in Pennsylvania in the local
afternoon of 9 December 1965.’
Leslie Kean spearheaded a Freedom of Information Act (FOLA) effort
that was part of a ‘UFO Advocacy Initiative’ pioneered by the Sci-Fi
Channel, which for a few years supplied unprecedented resources to the
investigation of government records on a selected case involving physical
evidence. The Kecksburg incident satisfied many criteria to establish it as
an ideal case. Geoarcheological and geomorphological evidence showed
that damage dating back to 1965 was evident in trees at the site, as
revealed in the Sci-Fi Channel’s excellent documentary on the Kecksburg
case, The New Roswell: Kecksburg Expos, first aired in November 2003.
A Washington law firm assisted with FOLA appeals and possible lawsuits, 
and others, including the public relations firm PodestaMattoon,
joined the initiative, now called the Coalition for Freedom of Information
(CFi - see www.freedomofinfo.org). In December 2003, a lawsuit was
filed against NASA with Leslie Kean as plaintiff since, she says, the Agency
had denied having certain records which CFi knew it had in its
possession.26
Leslie Kean told me that she was particularly interested in NASA’s
‘Fragology Files’ from 1962 to 1967, described as ‘reports of space objects’
recovery, [and] analysis of fragments to determine national ownership and
vehicle origin’. ‘Although a notation on one of the records for these files
says that the files were at the Federal Records Center in 1994,’ she says,
‘NASA states that the files have been missing since 1967.’27 As of this
writing, the court is still considering the case.
‘The CFi Kecksburg initiative won the support of Washington insider
John Podesta, President Clinton’s former Chief of Staff,’ says Kean. ‘Podesta
was instrumental in the declassification of 800 million [!] pages of documents 
during the Clinton administration.’
‘This initiative will help keep the pressure on,’ declared Podesta at a
Sci-Fi Channel press conference at the National Press Club in October
2002. ‘I think it’s time to open the books on questions that have remained
in the dark, on the question of government investigations of UFOs. It’s
time to find out what the truth really is that’s out there. We ought to do it
because it’s right; we ought to do it because the American people quite
frankly can handle the truth; and we ought to do it because it’s the
law.. .’28,29

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Edwards, Frank, Flying Saucers - Here and Now!, Lyle Stuart, New York, 1967,
pp. 42-3.
2. Keyhoe, Major Donald E., Aliens From Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying
Objects, Panther, St Albans, UK, 1975, pp. 102-3.
3. ‘Pilot finally reveals UFO encounter’, MUFON UFO journal, No. 375, July 1999,
p. 17.
4. Telephone interview, 11 August 2003.
5. ‘UFOs over Russia’, Flying Saucers, No. 47, Palmer Publications, Amherst,
Wisconsin, May 1966, pp. 6-10.
6. Kovalenko, Ann, ‘Saucer Said Responsible In Blackout’, Sunday Call-Chronicle,
Allentown, Pennsylvania, 19 December 1965, p. B-8. Regarding power blackouts
in the vicinity of USAF bases, I have been informed via a CIA UFO specialist that
Glasgow AFB, Montana, eventually had to be closed (in 1968) following many
instances of power failures, ostensibly ‘because UFOs would hover over high-
tension wires and and cause electrical shutdowns’.
7. Le Matin, Paris, 13 May 1962.
8. Stringfield, Leonard, ‘Roswell 8c the X-15: UFO Basics’, MUFON UFO Journal,
No. 259, November 1989, pp. 6-7.
9. Le Matin, op. cit.
10. Stringfield, op. cit.
11.	Time,27 July 1962.
12. Lecture by Sid Padrick, Reno, Nevada, 10 July 1966.
13. The Little Listening Post, Washington, DC, Vol. 12, No. 3, 1965.
14. Clark, Jerome, ‘Two New Contact Claims’, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 11, No. 3,
1965, pp. 20-2.
15. Report by Major Damon B. Reeder, Base Operations Officer, Headquarters,
Hamilton AFB and 78th Combat Support Group, CA 94935, 10 February 1965.
16. Letter from L.D. ‘Pat’ Cody, Director of Aerospace Education, USAF Liaison
Office, Hamilton AFB, to Dr James E. McDonald, Senior Physicist, The University
of Arizona, Tucson, 25 August 1967.
17. Filer’s Files #36, 9 September 1999. www.nationalufocenter.com
18. Keyhoe, op. cit., pp. 149-50.
19. Japan Times, Tokyo, 21 March 1965.
20. Mainichi Daily News, Tokyo, 22 March 1965.
21. Mainichi Daily News, 23 March 1965.
22. Letter to Yusuke J. Matsumura from Air Marshal Roesmin Nurjadin,
Commander-in-Chief, Indonesian Air Force, Djakarta, 5 May 1967.
23. Letter from Air Commodore J. Salutun, published in UFO News, Vol. 6, No. 1,
1974, CBA International, Yokohama, Japan.
24. Fuller, John G., Aliens in the Skies: The Scientific Rebuttal to the Condon Committee
Report, G.P. Putnam’s Sons, New York, 1969, p. 87.
25. Scott, Vernon, ‘Big Blackout? Blame Spacemen’, Toronto Daily Star, 24 December
1965.
26. Kean, Leslie, ‘Forty Years of Secrecy. NASA, the Military, and the 1965 Kecksburg
Crash’, International UFO Reporter, Vol. 30, No. 1, October 2005, pp. 3-9, 28-31.
27. Various communications, January 2006.
28. Kean, op. cit.
29. Regarding information withheld by NASA, in Apollo 11: The Untold Story, first
shown on Channel Five in July 2006, astronaut Edwin ‘Buzz’ Aldrin revealed that
Apollo 11 encountered a UFO during its flight to the moon. ‘There was
something out there that was close enough to be observed, and what could it be?’
he began. Mike [Collins] decided he thought he could see it in the telescope [and]
when you made it real sharp it was sort of bell-shaped ...
‘Obviously the three of us were not going to blurt out, “Hey, Houston, we’ve
got something moving alongside of us and we don’t know what it is ... Can you
tell us what it is?” We weren’t about to do that, because we knew that those
transmissions would be heard by all sorts of people and, who knows, somebody
would have demanded we turn back because of aliens or whatever the reason is.’
The event remains unexplained, as confirmed by Dr David Baker, Apollo 11
Senior Scientist.


THE NEW YORK TIMES, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1960.
AIR FORCE ORDER
ON‘SAUCERS’CITED
An article in the New York Times (28 February 1960). ‘Behind the scenes, high-ranking
Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs,’ said former CIA Director
Vice Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter. ‘But through official secrecy and ridicule,
many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.’
Pamphlet by the Inspector
  General Called Objects a
'Serious Business'
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27
UFO-The Air Force  has sent
its commands a warning to
treat sightings of unidentified
flying objects as "serious business" 
directly related to the
nation's defense, it was learned
today.
An Air Force spokesman corfirmed issuance of the directive
after portions of it were made
public by a private "flying
saucer" group.
The new regulations were issued 
by the Air Force inspector
general Dec. 21.
 The regulations, revising similar ones issued in the past, outlined 
procedures and said that
"investigations and analysis of
  UFO's are directly related the Air Force's responsibility
for the defense of the United States."	|
Committee Reveals Document
Existence of the document
I was revealed by the National
Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena.
The privately financed committee 
accused the Air Force of
deception in publiclv describing
reports of 'unidentified flying
objects as delusions and hoaxes
while sending the private admonition 
to its commands.
Vice Admiral R. H. Hillen-
koetter, Retired, a committee
board member and former director 
of the Central Intelligence
j Agency, said in a statement
that a copy of the inspector
general's warning had been sent
to the Senate Science and Astronautics Committee.
"It It time for the truth to
be brought out in open Congressional hearings." he said
The Air Force confirmed that
the document had been issued
A spokesman said it was put
out by Maj. Gen. Richard E.
O'Keefe, acting Inspector general 
at the time, to call attention to revised Air Force regulations 
concerning unidentified
flying objects.
 The statement was included
in an "operations and training"
pamphlet circulated at intervals
|to bring commands up to date.
Pentagon aides said the new
regulations covering seven
printed pages, made no substantive 
change in policy, but|
had been rewritten as a matter
of course.	,
The Air Force has investigated 6.312 reports of flying
objects since 1947, including 183'
in the last six months of 1959.
The latest Air Force statement.
issued a month ago said "no
physical or material evidence
not even a minute fragment of
a so-called. flying saucer. has
ever been found." .
! Admiral Hillenkoetter said
'that "behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are
soberly concerned about the
UFO's."
"But through official secrecy
and ridicule many citizens are
led lo believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense." the;
retired admiral said. He charged,
that "to hide the the facts, the Air
Force has silenced its personnel" 
through the issuance of a
regulation.


CONGRESSIONAL RECORD - APPENDIX
NICAP UFO Report
EXTENSION OF REMARKS
of HON. LEONARD G. WOLF
of IOWAIN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, August 31,1960
Mr. WOLF. Mr. Speaker, under leave
to extend my remarks. I inciude an urgent 
warning by Vice Adm. R H. Hillenkoetter, former Director of the Central
Intelligence Agency, that certain potential 
dangers are linked with unidentified
Flying objects-UFO's. Admiral Hillenkoetter's request that Congress inform
the public as to the facts is endorsed by
more than 200 pilots, rocket, aviation,
and radar experts, astronomers, military
veterans, and other technically trained
members of the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena.
Among them are Rear Adm. H. B.
Knowles; Col Joseph Bryan III, U.S.
Air Force Reserve; Lt. Col. Jas. McAshan, USAFR; Lt. Col. Samuel Freeman, U.S. Army Reserve, Aviation; Mr.
J. B. Hartranft, president, Aircraft
Owners Pilots Association; Capt. R. B.
McLaughlin, Navy missile expert;
Mr. Frank Rawlinson, physicist, National
Aeronautical and Space Agency; Dr.
Leslie Kaeburn, space consultant, University 
of Southern California; former
Air Force Maj. William D. Leet, with
three officially reported UFO encounters
while an Air Force pilot; Frank Halstead, 
25 years as curator, Darling Observatory; 
Rear Adm. D. S. Fahrney,
former chief of the Navy missile program; 
Col. R. B. Emerson, U.S. Army
Reserve, head of Emerson Testing Laboratories; 
Prof. Charles A. Maney, astrophysicist, 
Defiance University; Capt.
W. B. Nash, Pan American Airways.
The "NICAP Report on Secrecy Dangers" 
with documented evidence on
UFO's, was first submitted confidentially
to me. and to several other Members of
Congress, including Senator Lyndon
Johnson. In a reply to NICAP, July 6,
1960, Senator Johnson stated that he
had ordered the staff of the Senate Preparedness Investigating Subcommittee to
keep close watch on UFO developments
and to report on any recent significant
sightings and the Air Force investigations 
of such sightings.
Although I have not had time for a
detailed study, I believe the conclusions
of these experienced NICAP officials
should be given careful consideration.
Certainly their sober evaluations should
be completely disassociated from the obvious 
frauds and delusions about UFO's
which unfortunately have been publicized. 
The NICAP report is stated to
be the result of a 3-year investigation-
its conclusions based only on verified visual, 
radar, and photographic evidence
by trained, reputable observers.
On August 20, 1960, NICAP sent me
the following statement to be added to
this original report:
There is a growing danger that UFO's may
be mistaken for Soviet missiles or jet
aircraft, essentially causing war. Several
Air Defense scramples and alerts already haveSeptember 2
occurred when defense radarmen mistook
UFO formations for possible enemy machines. 
NICAP agrees with this sober warning 
by Gen. L. M. Chassin, NATO coordinator
of Allied Air Services:
''It is of first importance to confirm these objects ... the business of governments to take a hand, if only to avoid the danger of global tragedy. If we persist in refusing recognize the existence of these UFO's we will end up, one fine day, by mistaking them for the guided missiles of an enemy - and the worst will be upon us.''Today, this danger may surpass the one cited in NICAP's report: That the U.S.S.R. might spread false rumors that the UFO's are secret red devices which have mapped all the U.S. and allied targets and could be used as surprise-attack weapons. (Some Americans already suspect hidden fear of UFO's as the reason to secrecy.)We are sure you will agree it is imperative to end the risk of accidental war from defense forces' confusion over UFO's. Defense personnel, not merely top-level groups, should be told that the UFO's are real and should be trained to distinguish them - by their characteristic speeds and maneuvers - from conventional planes and missiles. This is not in effect today.Second, the American people must be convinced, by documented facts, that the UFO's could not be Soviet machines.Certainly every member of Congress will agree that any such danger of accidental war - even if slight - must be averted in every possible way. It is also important to prevent any unfounded fear that the UFO's are secret enemy devices.After discussing the subject with colleagues, I am certain that there is real concern by many Members of Congress. Without necessarily accepting all the conclusions of the NICAP Board of Governors and technical advisers, we are convinced that a thorough study of the UFO problem should be made. Pending such action, I believe that publication of the NICAP report will help to reduce the dangers cited by Vice Admiral Hillenkoetter and the other NICAP officials.For those members desiring to do so the previously mentioned convidential report can be obtained upon request at the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 1536 Connecticut Avenue NW., Washington, D.C. I960
The urgent recommendations of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP) brought to the attention of the US Congress, 31 August 1960.
(United States Congress)


========================================================================
18. A POSITIVE THREAT

On 9 April 1964, the Gemini-Titan I was launched from Complex 19 at the
Cape Canaveral US Air Force Missile Test Range in Florida. Clark C.
McClelland, a young designer working for the Titan II Launch Operations
Team in Hangar ‘U\ was assigned to work with an engineer called Chuck
at the time. ‘We had a problem happening with the first stage of the Titan
and called it “Pogo”,’ McClelland reports.
Several previous test flights were flown and the effect showed up at
lift-off. It acted like a Pogo stick (up and down motion) as the vehicle
rose into the sky ... Chuck and I were to attach measurements to the
booster and determine how or what could be done to stop the Pogo
effect. Several modifications had been made and this flight would
prove if we were approaching the correction of the difficulty...
The rocket lifted off and began to return data which indicated that
the modifications Chuck and I had designed had reduced the Pogo
effect significantly ... As the Gemini capsule entered orbit, the RCA
world tracking team began to realize that ‘our’ capsule was not alone,
as viewed through their incoming telemetry, visual theodolite and
other high-powered optical data. Our capsule had four ‘visitors’...
NASA, the USAF and Martin-Marietta who built the Titan II were
all puzzled ... the intelligent determination was that we had other
physical objects there with our Gemini capsule. Total silence filled the
launch control area ... ‘What about UFOs?’ It was as if I had taken
the Lord’s name in vain. The silence deepened ... Cold stares came at
me from the NASA brass and USAF officers. Actually, the only obvious
answer was what I had so blatantly stated - they were UFOs!
Several hours after the objects departed their single orbit rendezvous
with the Gemini capsule, says McClelland, a shadowy group of personnel
arrived on the scene.
One thing was certain, this group was at the Cape for no other reason
than the Gemini/Titan mission and its guests ... They wore no
uniforms yet acted as if they were military. They spoke of returning to
Washington, DC ... To make a long story short, NASA, USAF,
Pentagon, White House, NSA, etc., all determined that [the event] had
to be eventually explained as normal activity [and] the official determination 
was that the objects were the torn particles or remains of the
Titan upper stage that apparently entered orbit with the Gemini
capsule. I was at the news conference and I nearly began to laugh.
How could a broken stage overtake the capsule and stop slightly ahead
of the capsule to accompany it for an entire orbit round the Earth?
But I held my laugh to save my job .. .*
First Lieutenant Robert Jacobs was Officer-in-Charge of Photo-optical
Instrumentation in the 1369th Photographic Squadron at Vandenberg AFB,
California, in September 1964, when a UFO was responsible for the
destruction of an Atlas-F intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) during a
test firing. The incident was recorded by a 35mm movie camera attached
to a high-powered telescope at the tracking site near Anderson Peak, 124
miles from Vandenberg.
Jacobs took the exposed cans of film to the processing laboratory at
Vandenberg. A couple of days later he was ordered to report to the office
of Major Florenz J. Mansmann, chief science officer of the unit. A projector
had been set up and a group of people was present at the meeting as the
film rolled. Towards the end, Mansmann ordered Jacobs to watch carefully.
‘At that moment the most remarkable vision of my life came on the screen,’
reports Jacobs:
Another object flew into the frame from left to right. It approached
the warhead package and manoeuvred around it. That is, this thing
flew a relative polar orbit around our warhead package, which was
itself heading toward the South Pacific at some 18,000 mph ... it
emitted four distinct, bright flashes of light at approximately the four
cardinal compass points of its orbit. These flashes were so intense that
each ‘strike’ caused the [Image Orthicon] tube to ‘bloom’ or form a
halo around the spot...
The object departed the frame in the same direction from which
it had come. The shape of the object was that of a classic ‘flying
saucer’. In the middle of the top half was a dome [from which] or just
beneath it, seemed to issue a beam of light which caused the flashes
described. Subsequently the [dummy nuclear] warhead malfunctioned
and tumbled out of suborbit hundreds of miles short of its target.
The film was run through several more times. Jacobs was allowed to
examine the frames with a magnifying glass, and then ordered to say
nothing about the footage, which was turned over to two men in plain
clothes from Washington. When the story finally broke years later, Mans-
mann (later a research consultant at Stanford University) categorically
verified Jacobs’s account.2,3
Sightings of UFOs were commonly reported during ICBM test
launches. From 1965 to 1967, for instance, Richard Bowen tracked Minute-
man and Titan missile launches at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, as
an assistant superintendent for range operations with Pan American World
Airlines. He claims he saw ‘bogeys’ approaching a Titan the first time he
sat in front of a radar screen. ‘You’d see these things coming in,’ he told
reporter Billy Cox, ‘pulling 90-degree turns at speeds of [about] 9,000 mph.
And I’m going, “Look at this! Look at this!” And the rest of the guys are
saying, “Relax, it happens every launch” .. .’4
In 1966, UFOs were reported hovering over a number of ICBM sites.
The North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD - formerly
USAF Air Defense Command) is responsible for protecting the North
American continent from attack by enemy missiles or aircraft. While the
vast majority of the 25,000 observations each day that are recorded by
NORAD’s Space Detection and Tracking System (Spadats) and the Naval
Space Surveillance System turn out to be readily identifiable, a certain
percentage are classed as ‘uncorrelated observations’,5 of which there have
been literally millions since the early 1960s. Assuming that the majority of
these, too, can be explained, that still leaves thousands of possibly bona-
fide UFO reports. Tellingly, a document relating to NORAD’s Unknown
Track Reporting System (NUTR) states that 7,000 trackings of unknown
objects had been recorded since 1971, but nearly all these reports are
exempt from disclosure (see p. 275). But quite a number of documents
have been released relating to the many intrusions occurring over Strategic
Air Command (SAC) bases - including nuclear missile bases - such as the
following incidents.
On the nights of 24-25 August 1966, unidentified objects were observed
for a total of some three-and-half hours above the Minuteman intercontinental 
ballistic missile (ICBM) silos at Minot AFB, North Dakota. ‘The
organizations assigned to operate and protect the missile installations at
Minot were the 91st Strategic Missile Wing (SMW), the 862nd Combat
Support Group (CSG), and the 786th Radar Squadron,’ reports Robert L.
Salas, co-author of Faded Giant> a book detailing numerous such instances,
including one at another base the following year. ‘The Minot UFOs were
witnessed by multiple observers at three widely separated missile sites and
were confirmed by radar.’6
The following extracts from a six-page USAF report by the Base
Director of Operations (p. 276) are revealing:

... Capt Smith (Missile Combat Crew Commander) on duty at Missile
Site (MIKE Flight) 60 feet underground indicated that radio transmission 
was being interrupted by static, this static accompanied by the
UFO coming close to the Missile Site. When UFO climbed, static
stopped ... At 0512Z, UFO climbed for altitude after hovering for 15
minutes. South Radar base gave altitude as 100,000 feet, NW of Minot
... At this time a strike team reported UFO descending ... The UFO
then began to swoop and dive [and] appeared to land 10 to 15 miles
South of MIKE 6 ... When the [strike] team was about 10 miles from
the landing site, static disrupted radio contact with them ... Another
UFO was visually sighted and confirmed by radar .. ?
On 5 March 1967, NORAD tracked an uncorrelated target descending
over the missile site at Minot AFB. Strike teams were notified immediately
and they sighted a metallic-appearing, disc-like object with bright flashing
lights moving slowly over the site. Three armed trucks chased the intruder
until it stopped and hovered at 500 feet. The teams had orders to capture
the UFO undamaged if it landed, but it then began circling over a launch-
control facility. F-106 Delta Dart interceptors were about to be scrambled
when the UFO climbed vertically and disappeared.8
In the early hours of 17 March 1967, Robert Salas, on duty as Deputy
Missile Combat Crew Commander in the underground Launch Control
Facility (LCF) at Malmstrom AFB, Montana, received a call from his noncommissioned 
officer (NCO) in charge of site security. ‘He said that he and
other guards had observed some unidentified flying objects in the vicinity
[which] had overflown the LCF a few times [though] he could only
distinguish them as “fights” at this time,’ reports Salas. ‘At the time, I
believed the first call to be a joke.’
Five or ten minutes later, I received a second call from my security
NCO. This time he was much more agitated and distraught. He stated
that there was a UFO hovering just outside the front gate! He wanted
to know what he should do ... As we were talking, he said he had to
go because one of the guards had been injured. I immediately woke
my commander ...
Within seconds, our [Minuteman] missiles began shutting down
from ‘Alert’ status to ‘No-Go’ status. I recall that most, if not all, of
our missiles had shut down in rapid succession. Normally, if a missile
went off alert status, it was due to a power outage at a particular site
... It was extremely rare for more than one missile to go off-line for
any length of time. In this case, none of our missiles came back online. 
The problem was not lack of power; some signal had been sent
to the missiles which caused them to go off alert.
After we reported this incident to the command post, I phoned
my security guard to determine what had happened topside [i.e., at
the surface]. He informed me that the guard who had approached the
UFO had been injured - not seriously ... We were relieved by our
scheduled replacement crew later that morning. The missiles had still
not been brought on-line by on-site maintenance. Once topside, I
spoke directly with the security guard about the UFOs. The only
additional detail he added, that I recalled, was that the UFO had a red
glow and appeared to be saucer-shaped [and] hovering silently.
‘When my commander and I returned to the base, we discussed the
incident with our squadron commander and an investigator from Air Force
Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI). The Colonel was just as shocked
about the incident as we were.’ Salas later recalled his commander telling
him, ‘The same thing happened at another flight’ (Echo Flight). ‘The Echo
Missile Combat Crew Commander related that prior to the shutdown of all
his missiles he had received more than one report from security patrols and
maintenance crews that they had seen UFOs; one was directly above one of
the LFs [launch facilities] in Echo Flight.’9

Former airman James J. Ortyl was assigned to Malmstrom AFB at the
time of the incidents, and confirmed the following to Salas and, on another
occasion, to me:
In March 1967, while on day shift duty at LCF ‘K\ three or four
security team members including myself were engaged in a .conver-
sation at the dispatch office [when] I observed an unidentified flying
object pass over the entrance gate and fly in close proximity past the
window ... At least two other air policemen acknowledged seeing the
same thing. The object appeared red or red-orange in colour and
glowed much like a ball of fire ... I could not detect a distinct shape
or structure. It seemed to have a round appearance to it.. .10
Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota, where incidents involving UFOs
and intercontinental ballistic missiles occurred as recounted earlier, was
again the scene of an extraordinary intrusion by an unknown craft on
24 October 1968. Bradford Runyan Jr was flying in the right seat as an
instructor co-pilot of a B-52H bomber, approaching the base, when he was
requested to ‘check on something in the area’ and given a heading to
follow. ‘When I asked what I was looking for,’ wrote Runyon, ‘I was told I
would know it if I found it.’ The report he sent to me continues:
Minutes later my nav [navigation! team had an object on their
radarscopes approaching from the right rear of our plane at such a
high rate of speed that they thought a collision was imminent. The
object stopped off our right tail momentarily, then moved to the left
side of our plane. We lost radio contact with the base, and decided to
land the plane. The UFO stayed with us until within 10 miles of the
base where it set down on the ground and our UHF radios came back
on. We were instructed to go back and overfly the object, which we
did, again losing radio contact with the base when we flew over the
object.
At a briefing the following day I was told that a 20-ton concrete
lid had been removed from a missile silo and both outer and inner
alarms had been activated. Our aircraft film showed a radar return
about five times as large as a KC-135 tanker and a closure rate of
about 3,000 mph. Ground crews saw the object join with us, and
recently a retired CIA person sent to investigate the incident told me
that Blue Book lied, and that it was a UFO.
Runyon had overflown the object at 2,000 feet. ‘Looking down on the
object when it was on the ground,’ he explained, ‘the body was several
hundred feet long and glowed dark orange in colour, like molten steel. The
crescent moon-shaped part was connected to the body with a space in
between. Blue and green lights appeared to be inside the crescent-shaped
part as we passed over the object.. .’n

INTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION

By 1967, the stockpile of nuclear weapons in the United States alone
reached its zenith - 30,893 compared to 6,444 ten years previously.12 I
believe it is no coincidence that 1967 also saw a huge increase in UFO
sightings around the globe. And the intrusions at intercontinental ballistic
missile sites continued in ensuing years, on one occasion bringing the USA
and the USSR to the brink of a nuclear exchange, as we shall learn in a
later chapter. Posing as they did an insuperable problem, these intrusions
nonetheless led to a positive outcome behind the scenes - an unprecedented
degree of collaboration between the superpowers.
On 18 October 1967, the first meeting of the UFO section of the All-
Union Committee on Cosmonautics of the DOSAAF (All-Union Voluntary
Society for Co-operation with the Army, Navy and Air Force) took place in
Moscow, attended by 400 people. Members included a cosmonaut and
many scientists and astronomers, as well as 200 qualified observers stationed 
throughout the USSR.13
On 10 November 1967, two DOSAAF representatives, retired Soviet Air
Force Major-General Porfiri Stolyarov, and Dr Felix Zigel of the Moscow
Aviation Institute, appeared on Moscow Central Television to announce
the formation of the committee, at the conclusion of which Zigel stated:
‘Unidentified Flying Objects are a very serious subject which we must study
fully. We appeal to all viewers to send us details of any observations of
strange flying craft seen over the territories of the Soviet Union. This is a
serious challenge to science, and we need the help of all Soviet citizens .. .M4
The committee was inundated with letters from the public, including
over 200 good reports. Perhaps the authorities had not anticipated such a
response. By the end of November 1967, the DOSAAF Central Section of
the All-Union Committee of Cosmonautics, chaired by Army General A.L.
Getman, adopted and passed a resolution on the dissolution of the UFO
Section (none of whose members were either invited to the meeting, or
ever informed as to the reason for this decision).15
Reactions to the formation of the Stolyarov Committee, and what it
implied, were worldwide. Clearly, the USSR’s more conservative scientists
were thoroughly embarrassed by the whole affair. However, in an article
in the New York Times, Dr Zigel appealed for international scientific
co-operation on the matter. ‘Unfortunately, certain scientists, both in the
Soviet Union and the United States, deny the very existence of the problem,
instead of trying to solve it,’ he declared. ‘The UFO problem is a challenge
to mankind. It is the duty of scientists to take up the challenge.. ,’16
The British Government, apparently, was among the first to take up
the challenge. According to a US Defense Intelligence Agency (DLA)
attache’s report, for instance: ‘On 12 December 1967, the British Embassy
was directed by London [Foreign Office] to further investigate the subject
with a view to cooperating with the Soviets in observation teams for UFOs’.
The British Scientific Counsellor in Moscow was told, however, that the
commission would soon be disbanded.17
Zigel was ordered to terminate his research, and forbidden from
meeting Western journalists.18 The Americans, in particular, were keen to
talk to him, since a new official UFO project had been established at the
University of Colorado, headed by Dr Edward Condon and commissioned
by the US Air Force. But no replies were forthcoming. Paradoxically,
although forbidden to carry out his ‘dissident’ research, Zigel (together
with another top investigator, Yuri Fomin) was invited to give classified
lectures on the subject to government and military officials - including the
KGB.
In 1979, Victor Marchetti, former Executive Assistant to the Deputy
Director, Central Intelligence Agency, wrote that:
If it were concluded that UFOs were not of terrestrial origin but,
rather, vehicles from outer space, the CIA and US Government, aware
that the phenomenon was of a worldwide nature, would seek cooperation 
in the investigation from the Earth’s other technically
advanced nations, such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and
even the USSR. The CIA would function as the US Government’s
agent, just as the KGB would be the USSR’s, MI6 would be the UK’s,
and so on. These agencies ... are quite accustomed to co-operating
with each other on matters of mutual interest.19
Dorothy Kilgallen, the noted American journalist cited earlier, learned
from her British military sources in 1954 that: ‘Flying saucers are regarded
as of such vital importance that they will be the subject of a special hush-
hush meeting of the world military heads next summer.’20
By 1955, the Soviet Ministry of Defence had created the UFO Research
Committee, which classified UFO reports at a top-secret level. According to
Yuri Stroganov, heads of the intelligence services of the USSR, Great
Britain, United States and France held secret meetings in Geneva throughout 
1956. There they reached an agreement regarding a policy of secrecy
on ‘the UFO problem’, reportedly including: the pressurizing of witnesses
(including death threats) to refrain from talking about their experiences;
fabrication of false ‘explanations’ for sightings; the creation of a mechanism
to ignore or play down the subject, involving the complicity of the military
and scientific community as well as the media; and the infiltration of UFO
research groups.21
In 1965, writer George Langelaan, a former officer of the French secret
service (known at that time as the SDECE - Service de Documentation
Exterieure et de Contre-Espionnage) revealed to a French journalist that
the Russian and American secret services had collaborated on the problem,
and had concluded: ‘The flying saucers exist, their source is extraterrestrial,
and the future - relatively quite soon - should permit confirmation of this
statement.’22
No such confirmation was forthcoming for many years. President
Mikhail Gorbachev has confirmed, for instance, that at the Geneva Summit
in 1985 with President Ronald Reagan, the subject of collaboration was
discussed. ‘The US President said that, if the Earth faced an invasion by
extraterrestrials/ Gorbachev remarked in 1987, ‘the United States and the
Soviet Union would join forces to repel such an invasion. I shall not
dispute the hypothesis, though I think it’s early yet to worry about such an
intrusion.. Z23

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. McClelland, Clark C., ‘Four Guests with Gemini’, www.stargate-chronicles.com
2. Jacobs, Bob, PhD, ‘Deliberate Deception: The Big Sur UFO Filming’, MUFON
UFO Journal, No. 249, January 1989, pp. 3-8.
3. Crain, T. Scott Jr, ‘UFO Intercepts Rocket’, MUFON UFO Journal, No. 225,
January 1987, pp. 5-6.
4. Cox, Billy, ‘Locals tell tales of UFO sightings’, Florida Today, Melbourne, Florida,
6 July 1997.
5. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry, Clear Intent: The Government Coverup
of the UFO Experience, Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1984,
pp. 9-11.
6. Salas, Robert and Klotz, James, Faded Giant: The 1967 Missile/UFO Incidents
(revised edition), privately published by the authors, 2004, pp. 5-6. Available
from Jim Klotz, PO Box 832, Mercer Island, WA 98040. mail@cufon.org
7. Report from Headquarters 862nd Combat Support Group (SAC), Minot AFB,
North Dakota 58701, 30 August 1966 (reproduced in Faded Giant).
8. Fowler, Raymond E., Casebook of a UFO Investigator, Prentice-Hall, Englewood
Cliffs, NJ, 1981, p. 187.
9. Salas, Robert L., ‘Minuteman Missiles Shutdown’, MUFON UFO Jourital, No. 345,
January 1997, pp. 15-17. See also Faded Giant.
10. Salas and Klotz, op. cit., pp. 31-2.
11. Report received from Bradford Runyan Jr, dated 11 February 2000, amended in
2005.
12. Light, Michael, 100 Suns: 1945-1962, Jonathan Cape, London, 2003. Hobana, Ion,
and Weverbergh, Julien, UFOs from Behind the Iron Curtain, Souvenir, London,
1974, p. 25.
13. Creighton, Gordon, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 13, No. 6, 1967, p. 2.
14. Ibid. Hobana and Weverbergh report that Stolyarov, not Zigel, made the
concluding statement.
15. Brill, Joe, ‘UFOs Behind the Iron Curtain’, Skylook, No. 86, Mutual UFO
Network, January 1975.
16.	New York Times, 10 December 1967.
17. Defense Intelligence Agency report, 19 January 1968.
18. Creighton, op. cit., p. 10.
19. Marchetti, Victor, ‘How the CIA Views the UFO Phenomenon’, Second Look,
Washington, DC, Vol. 1, No. 7, May 1979, pp. 2-5.
20. Los Angeles Examiner, 23 May 1955.
21. Stonehill, Paul, The Soviet UFO Files, Bramley Books, Quadrillion Publishing Ltd,
Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1XW, UK, 1998, p. 41.
22.	Sud-Ouest, Bordeaux, 17 February 1965.
23. Speech at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Moscow, 17 February 1987, cited in Soviet
Life, May 1987, p. 7A.


NASA
NAtional Aeronautic  and Space Administration
INFORMATION SHEET	
Prepared by:
Number 78-1	LFF-3/Public Services Branch
Office of External Relations
NASA Headquarters
Washington, DC 20546
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
The information contained here has been compiled to respond
to queries on Unidentified Flying Objects directed to the White
House - as well as NASA.
NASA is the focal point for answering public inquiries to
the White House relating to UFOs. NASA is not engaged in a research 
program involving these phenomena, nor is any other government agency.
Reports of unidentified objects entering United States air
space are of interest to the military as a regular part of
defense surveillance. Beyond that, the U.S. Air Force no longer
investigates reports of UFO sightings.
February 1, 1978
A NASA information sheet perpetuating the myth that no government agency is
engaged in UFO research. NASA itself has always been involved in UFO investigations:
in June 1967, for instance, Kurt Debus, Director of the John F. Kennedy Space Center
(KSC), issued management instructions mostly related to the processing of UFO
reports (see following page). (NASA)


KMI 8610. 4
June 28, 1967
(4)
Refer all inquiries from ncv/s media to the Public
Information Branch.
(5)
Consult with the Senior Scientist, KSC, on all
sightings reported.
(6)
Call in unidentified flying object reports to tho Patrick
Air Force Base Commmand Post, telephone 494-7001.
d.
All written communications received from persons or activities
reporting a sighting will be immediately transmitted to the
Senior Scientist, KSC.
RESPONSIBILITIES
a.
Test Support Management Office will be responsible for:
(1)
Developing and maintaining a capability for receiving,
screening, and processing reports of sightings, as
defined in paragraph 4, on a 24-hour-day, 7-day-week
basis.
(2)
Ensuring close liaison with the Senior Scientist, KSC,
and the Public Affairs Office on matters pertaining to this
Instruction.
(3)
Coordinating with the Senior Scientist, KSC, as soon as
possible alter a reported sighting to determine the action
to be taken.
b.
The KSC Scheduling Branch, Test Support Management Office,
will be responsible for maintaining a 24-hour-day, 7-day-week
capability for receiving, screening, and processing reports
of sightings, in accordance with paragraph 5c.
c.
The
Senior Scientist, KSC, will be responsible for:
(1)
The overall monitoring of the space vehicle fragment
sighting program at ISC.


Censored details from the records of North American Aerospace Defense Command’s
Unknown Track Reporting System, classified NORAD SECRET. 7,000 unknown
objects were tracked from 1971-1990, for example, but details remain secret in
most cases. (NORAD/Citizens Against UFO Secrecy)


a.	Celling::	1 - 0 to  Clr.
b.	Visibility:	15+.
c.	Amount of	cloud cover:	1/10	to 0.
d.	None.       d . 	Thunderstorms in	area?
e. Vertical, temperature gradient:	See	 par g(2).
i. Interception/identiflcation measures?
i.	One (l) F-106, assigned 5th Fighter interceptor Squadron (ADC)
one (1) KE-135, assigned 450th Bomb Wing (906AREFS) Minot AFB, NDak.
j. One (1) KC-135 in area.   j. Air traffic in area?
k. SHAW, CHESTER A,. JR., Major, USAF, Base Director of Operations.
Comments:	Capt	Smith	(Missile Combat Crew Commander) on duty at Missile
Site (MIKE Flt) sixty (60) feet underground indicated that radio transmission 
was being interrupted by static, this static was accompanied by the UFO coming close to the Missile Site (MIKE Flt). When UFO climbed, static stopped. The UFO appeared to be S.E. of MIKE 6, range undetermined.
At 0512Z, UFO climbed altitude after hovering for 15 minutes. South
Radar base gave altitude as 100,000 feet, N.W.. of Minot AFB, NDak. At
this time a strike team reported UFO decending, checked with Radar Site
-they also verified this. The UFO then began to swoop and dive. It then
appeared to land 10 to 15 miles South of MIKE 6. "MIKE 6" Missile Site
Control sent a strike team to check. When the team vas about 10 miles
from the landing sight, static disrupted radio contact with them. Five
(5) to eight (8) minutes later, the glow diminished and the UFO took off.
Another UFO was visually sighted and confirmed by radar. The one that
was first sighted passed beneath the second. Radar also confirmed this.
The first, made for altitude toward the North and the second seemed to
dissappear with the glow of red. A3C SEDOVOC at the South Radar base
confirmed this also. At 0619Z, two and one half (2 1/2) hours after first
sighting, an F-106 interceptor was sent up. Ho contact or sighting vas
established. The Control Tower asked the Aircraft Commander of a KC-135
which was flying in the local area to check the area. He reported nothing.
The Radar Site picked up an echo on radar which on checking was the KC-135.
No other sightings. At 0645Z discontinued search for UFO.Position, title & comments of preparing officer
Part of a US Air Force report by Major Chester A. Shaw regarding intrusions
by UFOs at Minot AFB, North Dakota, in August 1966.
(From Faded Giant by Robert Salas and James Klotz)


1. None.
CHESTER A. SHAW, Jr, Major, USAFBase Director or Operations
h.  None.  Other unusual activity or conditions?
KP3 5PTTEZYUW RUWMAD6076 3030429-iiii--
ZNY iiEEEP 29 042 8Z OCT 68FM c62 CMBI SPT GP MINOT AFB NDAK
TO AUJMFVA/ADC ENI AFB COLO
RUWTEMB/WIADIV MALSTROM AFB MONT
RUEDF IF/FTD WPA FB
RUEF HQA/CSAFBTUNCLASSIFIED 30. SEC I OF II.
REPORT (UFO). FOR AFRDC. FOR SAF-OI. SUBJ: UFO REPORT.
A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECTS. (1) SHAPE WAS DESCRIBED BY
VISUAL SIGHTING AS "JUST ABOUT ROUND, A LITTLE OBLONG IF ANYTHING".
THE ......... AN AIRBORNE B-52 RADAR SCOPE WAS VERY SHARP AND
IRREGULAR AND AT TIMES RECTANGULAR. (2) VISUAL SIGHTINGS
COMPARED OBJECT SIZE TO BE EQUAL TO THE SUN, VERY LARGE, TOO BIG
FOR AN AIRCRAFT. RADAR SIGHTING DESCRIBES THE SIZE ON THE SCOPE
TO BE LARGER THAN THAT OF A KC-135 DURING AERIAL REFUELING.
(3) COLOR WAS A VERY BRIGHT RED ORANGE MOST OF THE TIME. (4)THE INITIAL SIGHTING WAS ONE OBJECT. THE ONE OBJECT WAS JOINED BY ANOTHER LIKE OBJECT FOR A SHORT TIME. THE AIRBORNE RADARThe first page of a report by Project Blue Book on the sighting of UFOs at Minot AFB,
North Dakota, in May 1968. One object approached an incoming B-52H Stratofortress
bomber at high speed and then landed at the base, causing communications failure
when the bomber flew over it. The object was described by the co-pilot as ‘several
hundred feet long’. (The National Archives, Washington, via Tom Tulien)


========================================================================
19. ENCOUNTERS AT SEA

While numerous reports of sightings by air force personnel around the
world have been released officially, the same cannot be said of naval
reports. This has led to a false assumption that very few such incidents
have occurred.
On the evening of 30 July 1967, the Argentine steamer Naviero was
some 120 miles from the Brazilian coast, opposite Cape Santa Marte Grande
in the state of Santa Catarina, when Captain Julian Lucas Ardanza was
alerted by his crew to the presence of a mysterious submarine. Arriving on
deck, Ardanza could see a shining object in the sea. Cigar-shaped, with an
estimated length of over 100 feet, it emitted a powerful blue and white
glow. No noise could be heard, no wake could be seen in the water, and
there was no sign of a periscope, railing, conning tower or any other
superstructure, such as would be expected of a conventional submarine. It
paced the ship for fifteen minutes before suddenly diving, passing right
underneath the Naviero and vanishing in the depths, glowing brightly as it
went
In subsequent interviews with the Argentine press, Chief Officer Carlos
Lasca described the object as ‘a submergible UFO with its own illumination’, 
and the Argentine maritime authorities officially classed it as an
‘Unidentified Submarine Object’.1
At 19:51 on the evening of 4 October 1967, on the outskirts of Royal
Canadian Naval Air Station Shearwater, two men reported strange lights in
the sky. At 21:00 on the ship MV Ni, 32 nautical miles south of
Sambro, Nova Scotia, four objects about 16 miles to the north-east were
seen on the radarscope and visually, as four brilliant red lights which
appeared to be on or just above the water. Don Ledger, a private pilot and
co-author of Dark Objecty a book detailing these and the more significant
events which followed, reports that the red lights appeared to be ‘spaced
out in a box formation, about six miles on a side ... Occasionally one of
the lights would flare up to such an intensity that it would leave an afterimage ...
’ Eventually one of the red lights climbed and passed directly over
the ship.
At around 23:20, something plummeted into Shag Harbour, a village
on the south-eastern coast of Nova Scotia. Witnesses reported to the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) that they thought an aircraft had
crashed. Laurie Wickens and four friends were driving in the area when
they spotted a large object with four sequential flashing amber-coloured
lights above and in front of their car. It looked as though the object was
coming down into the harbour.
On reaching the harbour, Wickens and his friends jumped out of their
car and ran to the water’s edge, where a ‘dark object’ could be seen floating
or hovering just above the water. ‘The flashing lights had extinguished, to
be replaced with one pale, constant yellow light that seemed to be on top
of the object, located about 800-900 feet from their position and drifting
with the ebb tide,’ reports Ledger.
Wickens contacted the RCMP detachment in Barrington Passage and
informed them that a big plane or small airliner had crashed into the
Sound, a body of water adjacent to Shag Harbour. Shortly after Wickens
reported the incident, others, including Mounties, also reported having
seen a strange craft. They soon joined Wickens’s group and others on the
beach and watched the strange craft, estimated to be about 60 feet across,
as it drifted out to sea and appeared to submerge. The UFO had now
become a USO.
One of the boats sent out to investigate encountered thick, glittering
yellow bubbly foam near the location of the impact, stretching down the
Sound for half a mile. A smell of sulphur pervaded the area. When touched,
the foam left an oily residue on the skin. Later on, a Coastguard cutter also
joined the search. Nothing more was found. The Royal Canadian Air
Force’s (RCAF) Air Desk in Ottawa classed the ‘dark object’ as a UFO
report,2 as did the Rescue Co-ordination Centre in Halifax, having eliminated 
the possibility of a crashed plane.
On 6 October, four divers from the Royal Canadian Navy’s Fleet Diving
Unit arrived and began to search the seabed. A number of fishermen
reported that the divers brought up some material, and it was rumoured
that this material was shipped to the Naval Armament Depot. ‘As puzzled
as the Royal Canadian Navy and Air Force were, they apparendy were not
curious enough to seek solutions to an obviously solid UFO sighting,’ says
Ledger, ‘[and] the Shag Harbour incident, like the Dark Object itself, had
sunk into oblivion.’
Twenty-five years later, Chris Styles, one of the eyewitnesses to the Shag
Harbour incident and co-author of Dark , began to investigate the
case in depth, following some advice from researcher Stanton Friedman,
who lived in New Brunswick. Styles and a friend set about trawling through
archives, including microfilm, and struck paydirt when they discovered a
priority message to Canadian Forces Headquarters from the Rescue Coordination 
Centre in Halifax, advising that a UFO had impacted the waters
of Shag Harbour. Other official documents surfaced, leaving no doubt that
officialdom was dealing with a genuine UFO.
The most interesting information to emerge concerned events following
the disappearance out to sea of the ‘dark object’. ‘Harry’, one of the divers
involved, disclosed that another search had been initiated in the waters off
Shelburne Harbour, some 30 miles to the north-east. Sonar and other
soundings had pinpointed the object’s position, 300 yards from shore. ‘We
knew there was something down there, and we knew it wasn’t anything
from here,’ he said, ‘but I’m not going to say anything else.’
A ‘knowledgeable’ RCAF source disclosed that NORAD’s then alternate
operations centre at North Bay, Ontario, had scrambled fighters to intercept
what was originally thought to be an incoming intercontinental missile. ‘He
was advised that the object was travelling at 7,500 miles per hour, which is
about Mach 10,’ explains Ledger. ‘In 1967 we had no aircraft that could
move that fast, and we still don’t today. Suddenly it stopped and hovered
for some moments, then continued on its course at 4,400 miles per hour
before slowing to a moderate speed and impacting into Shag Harbour.’
According to Colonel Calvin Rushton, former base commander at
Canadian Forces Station Barrington, the object had entered Earth’s atmosphere 
over Siberia. After submerging in the Sound at Shag Harbour, it
proceeded out to sea, where it was detected by hydrophones at the top-
secret Canadian Forces Station Shelburne, then one of over sixty worldwide
submarine detection bases (using the Sonar Surveillance System). Having
rounded Cape Sable Island it then headed north-east up the coast and came
to rest a few miles off Shelburne, above the magnetic anomaly detection
(MAD) grid feed. (These mostly airborne detectors register the magnetic
anomaly created by the movement of a submarine’s mainly ferrous hull as
it passes through the ‘lines of force’ of Earth’s natural magnetic field.)
A flotilla of six or seven Canadian and American ships, including a
barge, were tasked to the site and anchored above the object - and another
that had joined it - for seven days off Government Point. Divers photographed 
both objects, and hydrophones and other sensors were lowered to
study them. During this period, Canadian armed forces soldiers blocked
access to both the Shelburne base and Government Point. While some of
the ships were diverted to chase a possible Soviet submarine, one and
possibly both objects headed south, still submerged, and then became
airborne and headed out over the Gulf of Maine.
Information suggests that some material evidence may have been
recovered and taken away by barge. In any event, further searches of the
seabed organized by the authors and the Sightings television production
team, who made a documentary on the case in 1995, yielded no supportive
material evidence. The case per se, however, remains one of the most
compelling on record.3
The following crucially significant case has received little coverage,
apart from publication in a specialist UFO journal many years ago (a fate
that has befallen many of the first-rate cases cited in this book). I am glad
to introduce it here, thanks to the veteran Australian researcher Bill
Chalker, who has also provided me with additional details.
Not long after midnight on or around 23 October 1969,	, a
barque-type transport ship of the Chilean Navy, at sea 350 miles off
Valparaiso, was heading generally north-east at a speed of 20 knots, when
the Combat Information Centre in the ship reported a long-range, airborne
contact by radar. A minute later, at 00:44, the contact had reduced the
distance to 400 nautical miles; at 00:45, to 150 miles, closing from 332
degrees true. Whatever the type of target, it was then closing at an incredible
213 miles per minute - or 12,780 mph (statute).
At 00:47, at a distance of 12 miles, the single contact appeared on the
radarscope as six separate targets. When visual contact was made with
the targets, the ship’s commander was summoned to the bridge. According
to the witness, Lius, one massive object, accompanied by five smaller
objects, approached the ship. The large object was rectangular, with ‘semicircles’ 
in the side, as if scooped out. It was bathed in brilliant light. ‘The
thing must have been metallic,’ Lius told Chalker. ‘It was bigger than the
frigate, which was [113] metres long.’ The five smaller objects were bluish
in colour and egg-shaped, no more than 8 feet in diameter and 5 to 6 feet
in depth.4
When the objects had closed to a distance of approximately 2,000
yards, three of the smaller objects went portside of the main object and two
went to starboard. At times, these smaller objects appeared to be flying in
‘elliptical circles, backwards and forwards between the big one and our
vessel’, said Lius. ‘The main thing did not change direction - if it had been
in the sea, there would have been a collision.’
When the large object was at a distance of 300 yards, a humming
sound could be heard. At this point, the frigate’s power cut out for a short
while, as the huge object passed overhead. ‘What the hell was that?’ asked
the commander, as he came to the bridge. ‘You could see the whole thing,
the light was so strong,’ said the witness. ‘You could see the water, the
funnel-head, the head of the ship, the towers, everything. Everybody on the
bridge was sort of listening to the noise. I don’t know [exactly] how long
this thing took to go across.’
The light underneath the main, rectangular object was predominantly
red, and ‘beetroot (crimson) red lights’ seemed to be moving back and
forth inside it. A ‘half-circle crescent’ or scoop-shape could be seen
underneath, as well as what looked like ‘corn-cobs’ on the side. Green or
turquoise lights along the side seemed to be pulsating. After the object had
passed over the ship and was at a distance of about 200 yards, power on
the ship returned to normal. The smaller objects, which never came closer
than 500 to 1,000 yards, went around the ship and joined up with the
larger one. Finally, at a distance of about 2 miles, the large object simply
vanished. The only residue, interestingly, was what appeared to be small,
floating pieces of metallic paper.
According to Lius, all on board were ordered by the commander not
to comment on what they had seen. Several entries had been made in the
ship’s log by the officer of the deck regarding the incident, but when this
officer awoke after retiring from his shift, he found only normal entries in
what appeared to be his own handwriting. There was no mention of the
incident. Due to an accident to the left-handed officer’s hand, he was
obliged to use his right hand for writing. He had to use considerable
pressure, so that an imprint was always left on the page underneath. No
such impressions appeared in the log.
The frigate eventually arrived at the port of Valparaiso. After breakfast
the men on duty during the incident were asked to report to the ship’s
commander, who said that some people would interview them. The visitors,
two Chilean Navy officers and four Spanish-speaking Americans in civilian
clothes - the latter from the US Naval Attache’s office - questioned the
witnesses in separate rooms in an ordnance store at the port. ‘Explain what
happened last night,’ they ordered Chalker’s witness. He related the
incident.
‘No, you didn’t see that!’ came the response.
‘That’s what we saw,’ protested the witness.
‘No, you didn’t see it. Go walk around here, smoke if you like, but
remember, you didn’t see anything. You know nothing.’
‘Are we under arrest or what?’ the witness asked one of the Chilean
Navy men, a tactical commander.
‘No, you are not.’
‘Then why are we here, then?’
‘You are under orders. These people just want to talk to you, to put
you on the right track.’
The witnesses were not asked by the questioners to relate the story in
detail: it was evident from their questions that they were aware of what had
happened. ‘They also had a radar-plot blueprint,’ the witness claimed.
‘According to my informant,’ said Chalker, ‘the group were not talking
to him to find out what had happened, but rather they were telling him it
never happened, to forget about it. This went on for two days. Every two
hours, the guy would come up [and say],”What do you think now?” He
was more than “cranky” with this bloke. “We couldn’t come out [and] we
had arguments,” he said. “They didn’t have the right to do what they were
doing.”’ The witness was threatened as well, reports Chalker:
My informant told them he would complain when he got out. He was
told that if he did that, it would be the end of him. He never saw the
other witnesses at all during the two days. He was not allowed to sleep
until he signed a document they put in front of him. After he signed
it, he was taken by jeep to another location. One week later he was
transferred unexpectedly from frigate duty. He never saw the others
again.
‘The witness was very convincing in his re-telling,’ concluded Bill
Chalker. ‘He seemed not to be telling a story, rather, he was passionately
relating something that had happened to him.’5 Understandably, Chalker
still refuses to disclose the surname of his informant. ‘He has served his
term of service, but fears that if it got out that he was responsible for
leaking details of the incident, enforced military service could be used as a
form of censure.’6

A USO IN VIETNAM

While serving on the US Navy destroyer USS Leary (DD-879) during its
1969 Western Pacific (WESTPAC) Cruise in the Vietnam War, Ensign Will
Miller, US Naval Reserve (now retired at the rank of commander) and
some crew members had a night-time encounter with an unidentified
submergible object (USO). ‘At the time of the incident, we were positioning
ourselves in the Gulf of Tonkin for a shore bombardment mission,’ Miller
recounted when I met him in 2005.
We were a gunfire-support ship, and because we were approaching
fishing grounds offshore, we had to be on the alert for wooden
Vietnamese fishing craft. These boats had lights on their bows with
which to attract their catch in the dark, and trailed fishing nets behind
them. It was a hazy night, so I told the Port lookout to let me know
when he saw the fishermen’s bow light change from just a diffused
glow in the distance to a brighter glow with an intense center light.
We would then turn the ship to avoid the vessel. ‘I see the glow,’ the
lookout reported, and I took a bearing to the light.
However, the light suddenly moved from above the water to below
it, and moved rapidly toward our destroyer at 45 degrees to the bow,
passing directly beneath the ship. We ran to the starboard side to see
if the object had emerged, but there was nothing. Nothing was seen
on our sonar, our surface radar, our ECM [electronic countermeasure]
system. Whatever the object was, it wasn’t a submarine. We decided
against waking the Captain, but I directed that a Deck Log entry be
made of the event, since we were required, like all naval vessels, to
report any unusual observations such as this.
All the ships’ original logs were always re-transcribed for official
submission. Years later, I reviewed USS Leary's logs at the Naval
Historical Center for the period of the incident, but there was absolutely 
no record of the event in the official log book.7
Many UFO events were reported during the Vietnam War. General
George S. Brown, former US Air Force Chief of Staff, for example,
confirmed that in the early summer of 1968 and in 1969 what were initially
thought to be enemy helicopters were fired on by elements of the Army,
but that ‘there was no enemy at all involved’. (See p. 294.)
v 6IANT UFO DISRUPTS OPERATIONS ON US AIRCRAFT CARRIER
James M. Kopf (YN3) served as a communications specialist - with Top
Secret Crypto clearance - on the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy (CVA-
67, now CV-67) of the US Sixth Fleet. One evening in June/July 1971, the
carrier was approaching the completion of an Operational Readiness Exercise
(ORE) in the Caribbean when an incident occurred following an eighteen-
hour period simulating General Quarters (‘battle stations’).
‘I was in the Communications Center, and we had several different
areas there in main communications,’ Kopf explained to me during our
meeting in 2005.
We had ship-to-ship teletype circuits, ship-to-shore teletype circuits,
and what they called the Fleet Broadcasts, and these consisted of four
primary channels and four alternate channels - eight teletypes altogether.
There were two rows; the primaries were the top row, the alternates
the bottom row. My job at the time was to monitor the messages as
they came in. We had a big ‘guard list’ hanging up on the walls, and
any messages which weren’t on that guard list I simply removed and
filed on a clipboard, in chronological order.
These messages were susceptible to ‘garble’, and when this happened 
I would immediately call the next room - Facilities Control -
and they would fine-tune the receivers and then check the equipment
to try and keep the garble from coming through. If one started acting
up, normally the second one was good because they use different
frequencies and could be fixed by patching the two frequencies up.
But this particular evening, at around 20:30, they all started playing up
- they were all typing garbage. I called Facilities Control and said that
all my fleet broadcasts were out. And the response was that
communications were out! You could hear people yelling at each
other.
I don’t know how many minutes went by, but we had a pneumatic
tube which went up to the signal bridge, which is located on top of
the ‘island’ - the Navigational Bridge. And over this intercom we
heard someone (a boatswain’s mate) on the bridge say, ‘It’s God - it’s
the end of the world!’ There were five of us sailors in the communications 
centre, and we kind of looked at each other. Then a more
rational voice (from a signalman) got on the intercom: ‘Man, there’s
something hovering over the ship!’ So, a guy named Dennis Jordan
looked at me and said, ‘Let’s go up!’
The communications centre is amidships, under the flight deck.
We went through Facilities Control and down a passageway that leads
to the catwalk on the edge of the flight deck, on the port side of the
ship. And we looked toward the ‘island’, and up in the sky there’s this
huge, glowing sphere, at an elevation of between 60 and 70 degrees.
This thing was kind of an orangeish colour - it pulsated, slowly,
between an orange and a lighter yellow. There was no sound. It must
have been pretty big - you couldn’t tell just how big because there was
no point of reference, but anyway, it seemed huge. Dennis and I only
got to see it for less than a minute at most, because then General
Quarters sounded and we had to get back to our battle station.
I don’t remember exactly how long it was, but shortly the messages
started to return to normal. We remained in General Quarters for
about two hours, and then returned to normal Standing Orders. I
didn’t get to bed before 04:00 - we were all talking about it. A friend
who worked on the radar console in the Combat Information Center
(CIC) told me that all the radarscopes were glowing, and then cut out
altogether. The signalman who first alerted us to the object hovering
above the ship told me that someone had to be taken to the sick bay
and sedated: I assumed that was the boatswain’s mate who yelled
about God and the end of the world.
I also learned from a guy on the bridge that, during the approximately 
20 minutes the object hovered over the ship, none of the
compasses was working properly, and that most electrical components
and systems stopped functioning. The two F-4 Phantom jets on Ready
Combat Air Patrol (CAP) - always in a state of high readiness - would
not start.
There were 5,000 men aboard the carrier, but I don’t think there
were more than eighteen men who saw this thing, the reason being
that everyone was so exhausted from the flight operations involved in
the Exercise, and they were either trying to get something to eat or to
sleep. And I learned that the Commanding Officer, Captain Ferdinand
B. Koch, was freaked out: he felt so helpless because the air defenses
didn’t work. I believe that photos were taken of the object by officers
from IOIC - Integrated Operations Intelligence Communications. I
also heard that three or four plain-clothed men came aboard the ship,
and interviewed those personnel who had seen the object. Dennis and
I were not interviewed, maybe because so few people knew that we
had seen it.
I think it was two days later that the Commanding Officers and
Executive Officers came on our closed-circuit television to say how
well, overall, we had done in the ORE, and to announce a 30-day
stand-down to allow the crew to go on leave when we arrived in
Norfolk, Virginia. At the end of their briefing, Captain Koch looked at
the camera and said: ‘I would like to remind the crew that certain
events that take place aboard a Naval Combatant Ship are considered
classified, and they will not be discussed with anyone without a need
to know.’ And that’s all he said.
Years later I had an e-mail from a crew member of DP (data
processor) rank who was in charge of certain computers on the ship.
He said he had been awakened and told that the computers were
down, so he went to the computer room to try and get them restarted.
He was told that a UFO had been responsible, which he thought was
a joke - until he read on-line about my experience.
I still don’t know what it was we saw. Because it was almost above
us, I have wondered if it might have been saucer-shaped, but appearing
like a sphere. It looked like something physical.. ,8
I have discussed the USS John F. Kennedy incident, and others involving
UFO events reported from aircraft carriers, with Rear Admiral Joseph J.
Barth Jr, Commanding Officer of the USS Forrestal aircraft carrier (CV-59)
from 1975 to 1977. He questions several aspects of the Kennedy report. ‘As
for the glowing sphere hovering over the ship, and the failure of radar and
navigational systems,’ he told me, for example, ‘this is a happening which
most certainly would have been reported with some urgency. The report
system used by the Navy at that time, and probably still used, is called the
OPREP or Operational Reporting System. These reports were numbered
One through Four. My guess is that this incident would have generated an
OPREP 3. These reports should be available by now. The Ship’s Log books
are kept in Navy Archives and are normally unclassified.’9
I put this to Jim Kopf, who during his tour of duty on the Kennedy
spent a year and a half in the navigation department, and wrote reports in
one of the ship’s two logs. ‘RADM Barth is correct that a report of the
incident would have been sent to an appropriate authority. [However], if
there really is a government cover-up on LTFO activities, that report will
never be seen.’10 Indeed, this is standard practice.
In a letter to former US Navy submarine officer President Jimmy Carter
(who sighted a UFO in 1969), a then serving Navy Cryptologic Officer
wrote as follows:
For eight active years, plus six years of enthusiastic interest, I have
followed the UFO phenomenon as close as my duties have allowed ...
I have heard of sightings which were experienced aboard Navy ships,
on board Naval Stations, and by Navy personnel on their off-duty
time. I have heard of cases where Air Force officers would speak quite
freely of UFOs over cocktails, but would at the same time state that to
mention such officially would probably jeopardize or end their
career ...
I believe that our Government not only needs to make any and all
UFO data available, but, further, that official statements should be
brought forward declassifying all data [and] that anyone having such
information be invited to bring it forward, and should doubt exist as
to the information’s possible National Security impact, that they
forward that information through their respective intelligence service,
who would sanitize it for release to interested investigative bodies.
Such an official attitude would prevent ships’ OOD’s [Officers of
the Day] from saying, ‘Let’s not enter this mess in the deck log’ ...
Specifically, there are classified instructions within the Department of
Defense and other Departments which require holding back such
information which might be found in US Navy ships’ deck logs, CIC
logs, and/or other records of all classifications.11

THE DISAPPEARANCE OF STING 27

Bermuda Triangle specialist Gian J. Quasar reports the mysterious disappearance 
of a Phantom II jet, Sting 27, during a short routine flight out of
Homestead Air Force Base, south of Miami, Florida, on 10 September 1971.
The plane took off at 08:05, and its last radar return was noted at 08:22, 82
miles to the south-east. The jet was in a turn after having come out of
Mach 1 speed, explains Quasar. ‘At this time “Blissful Control” noticed
Sting 27 s SIF (Selective Identification Feature) get weaker. “Sting , your
SIF feature is fading. We’re having trouble identifying you. Is that you at
the boundary of Alpha six?” Lieutenant Norm Northrup, in training under
Captain John Romero in the back seat, responded, “Roger, I am in a port
turn at this time.” Radar confirmed Northrup’s message. Sting 27 turned
left to a northerly heading, then right again. “During the right turn, radar
contact was lost at 8:22 A.M.” states the report.’
No trace of Sting 27 was ever found, despite searches in the area both
by other Phantoms ( Sting29 and Sting 30) and the Coast Guard cutter
Steadfast. Quasar notes that the official accident report had been considerably 
censored. ‘Even the standard summary sheet,’ he writes, ‘has been
subjected to a skilled razor. This extends even to the answer J>ox for the
question “What type of accident?” Usually the answer is “missing/
unknown” and does not require editing.’ The report implies that some type
of collision or impact in mid-air occurred. Tellingly, an ‘object’ was
reported by the other two Phantoms when they were vectored to Sting 27s
last radar spot. Quasar continues:
According to the report, only minutes after Sting 27 vanished, Sting 29
dropped down to 1,500 feet to get a closer look at an ‘area of
disturbance’ in the ocean and then described it - in the words of the
report - as ‘an area of water discoloration, oblong in shape, approximately 
100 by 200 feet, with its axis running north/south; its southern
tip appeared to be below the surface and the northern end appeared
to be above’. The report does not offer it as a ‘UFO’ or its submarine
equivalent ‘USO’, for a gap takes the place of any Air Force opinion
or clarification - the explanatory paragraph is neatly hacked out...
No trace of discoloration was found by the Coast Guard cutter when it
arrived in the area shortly afterwards, and sonar did not reveal any trace of
Sting 27 on the ocean-bed area.12

AN INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT

An incident when an unknown craft appeared during a NATO naval
exercise off the coast of Russia was revealed by a crew member on board
one of three Royal Canadian Navy destroyers at the scene. The incident
occurred on a clear September day in 1974, as thirty ships of Allied nations
were winding up more than three weeks of manoeuvres off the port of
Murmansk. Suddenly, all attention was centred on an elongated aerial
object that appeared low over the water on the fringe of the area.
The Canadian crew member, who was about one mile away, described
the object as silvery in colour, approximately the size of a DC-8 airliner
(length 150 feet, wingspan 142 feet) and with a dome on top. It swayed
from side to side as it hovered. While hundreds of crewmen watched and
radar sets registered a solid blip from the intruder, aircraft aboard the
carrier USS John F. Kennedy, flagship of the exercise, were ordered to
intercept. As twenty or more jets roared into action, the UFO ascended
until it disappeared. The aircraft were then called back. An order went out
that those present were not to report what they had seen.
The Canadian crewman added an amusing detail. For three weeks, the
NATO manoeuvres had been tracked by two Russian destroyers which had
left shortly before the sighting, obviously realizing that the exercise was
about to end. However, when the unknown craft appeared, the Russians
returned and sent two jets to join the US Navy pack in pursuit of the
intruder! ‘It was striking evidence,’ added the witness, ‘that the UFO
mystery overrides all national barriers.’13
The superpowers were to become increasingly united in a growing
concern about the alien intruders.

SOUTH-WEST OF BERMUDA

On 23 April 1976, a certain US Navy destroyer was steaming about 700
miles out in the Atlantic just south-west of Bermuda, bound for Boston. At
02:40, First Lieutenant Hedison (pseudonym), on communications duty,
was alerted by the officer of the deck to an unidentified green light low in
the sky at ‘zero-zero-zero’ - dead ahead - through light fog, at an estimated
distance of 3 miles. Hedison checked with the ship’s Combat Information
Center, but nothing had been detected ahead.
Stepping on to the wing of the bridge, Hedison and the bridge lookouts
observed the green light drop to within 30 or 40 feet of the ocean surface
and appear to head towards them on a collision course. Still nothing had
been detected by radar or sonar. Hedison ordered a 90-degree turn to
starboard. ‘As the ship heeled around,’ reported investigator Donald R.
Todd, ‘the light, now closer and more prominent through the fog, became
a solid green glow of considerable size - and had made a similar 90-degree
turn to port - and was now pacing the destroyer.*
Hedison ordered another 90-degree turn to starboard, putting the
destroyer now on a reverse course, away from Boston. The UFO
likewise turned to starboard, came in closer to within about 50 or 60
feet, and continued to pace the ship. Suddenly the destroyer emerged
from the fog, and the radar shack erupted with excitement. A sudden
large blip appeared on the scope, and now half of the ship’s complement 
had been awakened and was on the decks, watching.
As Hedison ordered the helmsman to bring the destroyer back to its
original heading of 292 degrees, the UFO immediately followed around in
a wide, 180-degree arc, and took up position some distance off the
destroyer’s port beam. At this point, the captain came on the bridge.
Simultaneously with the Captain’s arrival, the UFO rose towards their
bows as if going up an inclined plane, and leisurely circled the ship
twice. Then once again off the port beam, it descended at rnoderate
speed, heightened its green brilliance, then, tilted at an angle, it entered
the water with its leading edge. During the encirclement of the
destroyer, the Captain, Lieutenant Hedison, and some of the crew had
been observing the UFO-USO with binoculars. Once the object entered
the water, it seemed to sink at a gradual angle until only a dim green
glow could be distinguished beneath the water.
All personnel on the bridge and deck were advised by the captain to
forget the incident, a warning later repeated twice via the general announcing 
system. According to Hedison, the destroyer’s captain made an entry in
the ship’s log to the effect that his ship had manoeuvred so as to avoid
collision in fog with another, unidentified ship, which ‘appeared to be a
Russian trawler’.14

SOVIET NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

In 1977 Dr Vladimir Azhazha, then a Soviet Navy submarine officer
specializing in hydroacoustics, was asked by Vice-Admiral Y.V. Ivanov,
head of Naval Intelligence, to carry out research into ‘hydrospheric aspects
of the UFO issue’. One case Azhazha investigated took place on 7 October
1977, when the Volga, a ‘floating base’ ship for submarine maintenance,
encountered UFOs 200 miles from the Kola Peninsula in the Barents Sea.
‘There were nine in all,’ he reported, ‘and for eighteen minutes while they
were flying around the Volga, all radio communications were blacked
out.’15
Azhazha confirmed that, like other Navy reports on UFO/USO incidents 
which he studied for ten years, the above report was classified top
secret. ‘There were too many incidents which could not be denied,’ he told
Jacques Valine and Martine Castello in 1990.
It all began when we tried to understand the nature of certain
underwater objects that followed our submarines. At times they even
anticipated our maneuvers! Initially, we thought they were American
devices. One day such an object came to the surface in a rather
spectacular fashion. One of our ice-breakers was working its way in
the Arctic Ocean when a brilliant spherical craft suddenly broke out
of the ice and flew up vertically, showering the vessel with fragments 
of ice. All the sailors on deck and the officers on the bridge saw
it. And it was hard to deny the hole in the ice!16
*
In an interview on UC-13 TV in 2002, Admiral Jorge Martinez Bush,
former Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Navy, confirmed that ‘UFOs
are real’. He cited two observations of UFOs he made during his career,
including one when he had been in command of the destroyer Lord
Cochrane in May 1970. Regarding USOs, he declared: ‘There have been
submarine contacts impossible to identify, with the characteristics of a
submarine - metallic sound and rapid displacement. There are inexplicable
things that require a more profound study.. .’17

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Gallndez, Oscar A., ‘Crew of Argentine Ship See Submarine UFO’, Flying Saucer
Review, Vol. 14, No. 2, March-April 1968, p. 22.
2. Ledger, Don, ‘UFO Crash at Shag Harbour’, International UFO	,	Vol.	22,
No. 4, Winter 1997-98, pp. 8-9, 20.
3. Ledger, Don and Styles, Chris, Dark Object: The World's Only Government-
documented UFO Crash, ed. Whitley Strieber, Dell, New York, 2001.
4. Chalker, Bill, ‘EM UFO Incident off Chile in 1969’, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 33,
No. 3, 1986, pp. 7-8, first published in International UFO Reporter, September/
October 1985, pp. 4-6.
5. Chalker, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 33, No. 5, 1986, pp. 5-6, also in International
UFO Reporter, ibid.
6. Chalker, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 33, No. 3, p. 8, also in International UFO
Reporter, ibid.
7. Personal interview, Tampa, Florida, 12 April 2005.
8. Personal interview, Mount Airy, Maryland, 25 September 2005.
9. Letter, 1 June 2005.
10. Email, 21 July 2005.
11. Bryant, Larry W., UFO Politics at the White House: Citizens Rally Round Jimmy
Carter's Promise, The Invisible College Press LLC, PO Box 209, Woodbridge, VA
22194-0209, 2001, pp. 44-7. http://www.invispress.com
12. Quasar, Gian J., Into the Bermuda Triangle: Pursuing the Truth Behind the World's
Greatest Mystery, McGraw-Hill, 2004, pp. 35-6.
13. ‘UFO Watches NATO Fleet’, Canadian UFO Report, Vol. 4, No. 4, Summer 1977.
14. Todd, Donald R., ‘Ship’s Crew Sees UFO’, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 26, No. 11,
May 1978, pp. 1-2.
15. Interview with Lawrence Moore and Livia Russell, Moscow, March 1994.
16. Vall£e, Jacques, with Castello, Martine, UFO Chronicles of the Soviet Union: A
Cosmic Samizdat, Ballantine, New York, 1992, pp. 27-8.
17. Huneeus, J. Antonio, ‘USOs in Chile and Peru’, Fate, Vol. 56, No. 1, January
2003, pp. 6-7.


EXCERPTS:	PRESS	REMARKS	CONCERNING UFOs
BY GENERAL GEORGE S. BROWN,
CHIEF OF STAFF, USAF
October 16, 1973
Q. General, one more question. What is the Air Force's position
on the UFO business?
I don't know whether this story has ever been told or not. They
weren't called UFOs. They were called enemy helicopters. And
they were only seen at night and they were only seen in certain
places. They were seen up around the DMZ In the early summer of
'68. And this resulted in quite a little battle. And in the course
of this an Australian destroyer took a hit and we never found any
enemy, we only found ourselves when this had all been sorted out.
And this caused some shooting there and there was no enemy at all
involved, but we always reacted. Always after dark. The same thing
happened up at Pleiku at the Highlands in '69. And we found there
that they had moved the radar in and the Army started to work and
we finally got that radar out of there and then they quit worrying
about their problem.
General George S. Brown, Chief of Staff, US Air Force, admits that UFOs were
observed during the Vietnam War. ( National Archives, Washington)


====================================================================
20. A GLOBAL PHENOMENON

Since UFO sightings began to proliferate in the Second World War, for
decades practically no information was available from the country with the
largest population in the world - the People’s Republic of China. But in
the late 1970s articles started appearing in newspapers and magazines
describing sightings going back to the war. It is important to note that the
majority of Chinese, living as they did at that time in an isolated society,
were unlikely to have been influenced by Western reports about such
things, thus making their testimony more compelling.
In 1980 what became the China UFO Research Organization (CURO)
was founded, with branches in Beijing, Shanghai and in many provinces.
As mentioned in the introduction, CURO is affiliated to the China
Association for Science and Technology, and by 1992 had 3,600 full
members as well as 40,000 research associates. Even allowing proportionately 
for its huge population, no other country in the world has matched
China in this respect. Moreover, these figures do not take into account the
number of Chinese Secret Service personnel engaged in monitoring the
phenomenon worldwide. Most of China’s UFO researchers are scientists
and engineers, and many UFO groups require both a college degree and
published research for membership.
In January 1964 many citizens in Shanghai observed a*4iuge cigar-
shaped aerial object flying slowly towards the south-west. MiG jet fighters
of the People’s Liberation Army Air Force were scrambled in pursuit,
but failed to force the UFO down. The object was officially explained as
an ‘American missile’.1 In early 1968, four artillerymen of the Navy garrison 
at Luda, in China’s northern province of Liaoning, observed a
luminous gold, oval-shaped object flying at a low altitude, leaving a thin
trail. As it began to climb steeply before disappearing, all communications 
and radar systems failed, almost causing an accident in the fleet.
The naval patrol went on alert, and the fleet commander ordered his
men to prepare for combat. Half an hour later communications and
radar returned to normal. A two-man coastguard patrol reportedly saw
the UFO land on the south coast and fired at it with automatic rifles
and machine guns, but soldiers sent to investigate found no trace of the
object.2
In mid-April 1968, at a construction site in the north Gobi Desert, a
battalion of soldiers witnessed the landing of a luminous red-orange disc
with a diameter of about 10 feet. A team of motorcycle troops was
dispatched from the regiment’s headquarters to approach the object, at
which point it took off vertically and disappeared. Most witnesses dismissed
the object as some kind of Soviet reconnaissance device, since the northern
frontier with the USSR passed through the region.3

ALGERIA

In 2000, together with my principal associate, the late Graham Sheppard, a
retired British Airways captain (who had had two radar/visual-confirmed
sightings of UFOs while flying in 1967),4 I interviewed several important
new witnesses in Paris, including Jean-Pierre Morin, a former deputy
manager of security for the Centre National d’Etudes Spatiales (CNES,
France’s equivalent of NASA).
Hammaguir, a military base on a high plateau to the south of Colomb-
Bechar in Algeria’s Sahara Desert, was used as a French missile testing and
development site from the mid-1950s until France was required to evacuate
the base in 1967, following Algerian independence. One night in January
that year, Morin was with a group of six people, three of them well-known
astrophysicists, preparing a rocket for launch the following morning.
‘I was driving three members of the team to the launch tower in a
Citroen 2CV,’ Morin told us. ‘When we arrived at a row of buildings, the
man next to me pointed out a light in the sky, which at first we took to be
a plane. But all the lights of the airfield were out. The light started to come
right towards us, though not very rapidly. And then something happened
to my engine - it started running “rough”, and stopped by itself. Immediately 
we got out of the car.’
There was no Moon that night, only millions of stars clearly visible in
the desert air. We watched as the light slowly came closer, without
making any sound. We got the impression of a very heavy, a very
stable object. It seemed to come to within about 500 metres from us,
and remained stationary at an elevation of 45 degrees. To me, it was a
black object, by contrast with the stars, and it had a cylindrical shape,
along the length of which I saw ‘flames’ of different colours - it was
probably the air that was ionized.
We were completely stunned. It seemed to us that it was a very
large object, 300 to 400 metres [984 to 1,312 feet] in length. And then
I remember a ‘tinkling’ sound in my ears, like I get when I dive 10 to
12 metres in the sea. I don’t know if it was because we were paralysed,
but we couldn’t communicate. We tried to understand why this object
was so silent. Its speed was very slow. What we saw was incredible.
After this, it moved on at the same speed, very low.
Then the car with the astrophysicists arrived: they had seen us
standing in the road and thought we’d broken down. Astonished, they
watched the object with us for about 20 or 30 minutes, as it continued
on the same trajectory. Then it angled upwards, heading in the
direction of the Orion constellation, and vanished.
Morin’s sketch of the object shows a perfect cylinder with sharp ends,
the ratio of the measurements approximately 10:1. Thus, assuming a length
of 1,000 feet, it would have been 100 feet in diameter.
‘I was a young engineer at the time,’ Morin explained to us, ‘and not
all that experienced in the space business. But now, looking back after forty
years in the business, I’m certain that that craft was of a technology which
we certainly haven’t reached today.. .*5

MADAGASCAR

During a daylight reconnaissance exercise in May 1967, a detachment of
officers serving with the French Foreign Legion in Madagascar observed the
landing - in ‘falling leaf motion - of an unknown flying machine. It shone
very brightly and was surrounded by ‘an intense, dazzling glow’ that
dissipated when it touched down, on tripod legs. Seven to eight metres in
height, the egg-shaped craft had no visible markings, apart from several
openings on the base, from which ‘flames’ emitted. Just as described by the
French witnesses to the Algerian event in January that year, the ‘flames’
were described as ‘not normal flames [and] must surely have been something 
else’.
‘There were twenty-three of us Legionnaires, with one officer and four
non-commissioned officers,’ reported a witness. ‘And we were all paralysed.
All of us saw the machine land and take off again, none of us perceived
the lapse of time ... when the machine had departed, we all recovered the
use of our limbs ... But when we checked up on the time, it was now
15:15. Two and three-quarter hours had passed without our perceiving it.
‘Headquarters ordered us not to approach the landing site, and not to
discuss the matter among ourselves. Some specialists arrived from Paris to
interrogate us. We were made to swear on oath that we would keep it
secret. We were visited by the doctors, and we were made to undergo tests.
For two days after the event we all had violent headaches, with a buzzing
in the ears and a powerful beating in the area of the temples. We were not
told the results of the tests .. .’6

CUBA

Shortly after midnight on 14 June 1968, several bursts of machine-gun fire
were heard coming from a location in the vicinity of Cabanas, where Cuban
soldier Isidro Puentes Ventura was on guard duty. At dawn, Puentes was
found unconscious by an Army patrol. He was taken to a hospital in Pinar
del Rio, where he remained in shock for six days, unable to speak. He was
then taken to the Naval hospital in Havana, where he was diagnosed to be
suffering from emotional trauma. He remained in shock for a second week.
At the site where Puentes had been posted, Cuban and Soviet intelligence 
specialists found forty-eight spent cartridges and fourteen bullets
apparently flattened by impact with something solid, as well as equally
spaced indentations on the ground indicating that a heavy device had
landed. Tests revealed that the soil had been exposed to a high temperature.
On recovering, Puentes explained that he had come to within 50 metres of
a brilliant round object on the ground, with a dome and several ‘antennas’
on top. Convinced that the device was American, he fired about forty
rounds at it. The craft turned orange and emitted a strong whistling sound
- Puentes’ last recollection before losing consciousness. Soviet intelligence
specialists subjected Puentes to a fifty-hour interrogation, after which he
was put through fifteen hypnosis sessions. No contradictions were found in
his story.7

SAUDI ARABIA

On an undisclosed date around 1970, the crew of a US Air Force C-5A
Galaxy transport, flying at 500 mph at 37,000 feet, encountered an unknown
craft over Maula Idris, Saudi Arabia. Nicholas Crossland recounted for me
the testimony of a friend of his, an RAF officer on detachment (name on
file) who was flying the plane. The object was described by the pilot as ‘semi-
spherical, like two saucers joined together, surrounded by the colours red,
green, and yellow’, and it was estimated to be at about 75,000 feet altitude.
At the debriefing, USAF personnel were particularly interested in the colours
displayed by the object.8

TURKEY

During my participation in an international UFO congress in Istanbul in
December 2001, organized by the Sirius UFO Space Sciences Research
Centre, I spoke to two retired Turkish Air Force fighter pilots who had
encountered UFOs. One was Suleyman Tekyildirim, who told me and
Graham Sheppard, also participating in the conference, that on 17 June
1969 his base was alerted to the presence of an unidentified flying object.
He was ordered to intercept it in a US-built F-5A Freedom Fighter.
‘It was grey, and like an upside-down light bulb,’ he told us. ‘I flew
above it and reported that it was probably a meteorological balloon. As I
continued describing it, it moved to my left and moved off at a fantastic
speed. Obviously it wasn’t a balloon! I did everything I could to try and
catch it, but just couldn’t keep up. I suggested to the base that F-104
Starfighters would stand a better chance. I also proposed firing at the object
- but they forbade that. Eventually it disappeared.’9
The other pilot we spoke to was Sefik Ayanoglu, who said in a
newspaper interview that only 25 per cent of Turkish pilots dare to speak
publicly about their encounters, but that all UFO reports are collected and
studied at Eskisehir Control Centre.10
I	Between	24 and 27 October 1969, sightings of a UFO over Turkey’s
capital, Ankara, excited much interest. The Turkish Air Force was inundated 
with reports, and jet fighters were scrambled from Murtad Air Base.
The jets closed to within 12,000 metres, but the UFO always maintained a
distance by climbing higher. The game of cat and mouse continued over
several days. Eventually the base commander himself, Erciiment Gokaydin,
flew with the interceptors. ‘Our planes reached a height of 35,000 feet,’ he
wrote in his report, ‘but the object was at a height of at least 50,000 feet. It
was oval in shape, and a silvery colour. There was no other countries’
traffic in the area at the time, or prototypes under test.’
The jets took gun-camera film, which has not been released. One pilot
who managed to get closer said the object had three round windows like
portholes.11

THAILAND

In 1974 a revealing letter was published in the British Flying Saucer Review
from Sergeant Terry W. Colvin, an officer stationed with a Royal Thai Air
Force unit on the Laos border. Colvin had included a report of the sighting
of an unknown, structured craft seen in a suburb of Bangkok in the late
summer of that year, which he translated in the letter. He continued:
I am unable to gather more details as I am currently assigned to an
isolated signal relay site in N.E. Thailand near the amphur (district)
town of Mukdahan. But I have hearsay accounts from US Air Force
personnel that several of the F-llls lost during combat in S.E. Asia
disappeared just as inexplicably as the two which disappeared in the
state of Nevada, USA, in 1972.
Also, an F-4 Phantom jet fighter-bomber vanished from radar
screens simultaneously, as visual contact was lost by the wingman. No
debris was recovered, and enemy fire was not suspected as the incident
occurred over Thailand, just a few miles from Ubon Royal Thai Air
Force Base.12

KOREA

At 10:00 one morning in the autumn of 1974, radar at an Air Defence
Artillery site at Binn, South Korea, picked up a fast-moving target. At 700
yards, visual contact was made with a massive, oval-shaped, glowing
metallic craft, estimated to be 300 feet in diameter and 30 feet in depth,
with red and green pulsating lights moving anti-clockwise around the rim.
Suddenly the huge craft came to a halt, at less than 700 yards range, its
lights blinking rapidly.
‘The Captain of D Battery gave orders to fire the first Hawk missile,’
reports Leonard Stringfield. ‘Ignited, it started off the pad. In clear view of
the men waiting anxiously from a remote-control zone, the missile, according 
to my informant at the scene, “never made it”. It was hit by a beam of
intense white light and destroyed. So was the launcher. Both were melted
down “like lead toys”. In a matter of minutes, the unidentified craft,
making a noise like a swarm of bees, departed from Binn at extraordinary
speed, and disappeared from the radarscope.
‘My informant relates that the captain of D Battery was dumb-founded,’
Stringfield continues. ‘In everyone’s view was a melted mass representing
millions of dollars of highly sophisticated equipment. Fortunately, because
of the missile base’s remote-control mechanism, there were no casualties.
The next day, all members of the battalion on duty were summoned to a
secret meeting and told by the commanding officer that the disaster was
absolutely hush-hush. But, regardless of UFO secrecy, the men on the base
never felt secure again .. .M3

MEXICO

On 3 May 1975, a young Mexican pilot, Carlos Antonio de los Santos
Montiel, was harassed by three 10-to- 12-foot discs while flying a Piper PA-
24 Comanche (XB-XAU). Two of the discs positioned themselves at each
wingtip while the third went underneath and bumped the plane, causing
damage. The controls were temporarily frozen and the pilot was unable to
lower the landing gear. He declared a Mayday. Eventually the discs left, and
he was able to fix the landing gear after adjustments to the control lever
with a screwdriver. He made a successful emergency landing at Mexico City
International Airport.14

GERMANY

At about 17:00 on 13 August 1976, D.W., a thirty-three-year-old private
pilot, was flying a Piper Arrow PA-28 (R-200) on a heading between
Diepholz and Petershagen, Germany, when he noticed a strange light
approaching at his 9 o’clock position. ‘Initially the UFO seemed to be a
great distance away,’ reports investigator Dr Richard F. Haines, ‘but over
a 3-5 minute period, it came closer and closer, taking a fixed position off
his left wing for several more minutes at an unknown but apparently near
distance.’ The very bright object appeared to be oval-shaped, with a yellowish 
centre and flame-orange boundary.
Suddenly the Piper went into two rapid 360-degree clockwise rolls,
from which the pilot recovered manually, losing 500 feet altitude. The
magnetic compass was spinning in a clockwise direction so fast that he
couldn’t read the numbers. The UFO remained alongside. D.W. reported
the event to Hannover Airport. A controller confirmed that they were
tracking both his plane and another nearby object, and that aircraft would
be sent to investigate.
Four minutes later, two US Air Force F-4 Phantom jets flew by, one on
either side of the Piper, at an estimated 400-500 mph. Just as the jets
arrived, the UFO accelerated forward, and then upward at about a 30-
degree angle, and turned right, passing in front of the Piper. It quickly
outdistanced the pursuing Phantoms, and was out of sight in seconds.
D.W. was directed to land at Hannover, some 45 miles east-south-east
of his position, and ordered to taxi to a special area. Within minutes, a
military van without licence plates pulled up to his plane, and five men in
suits got out. They would not identify who they worked for. The pilot was
taken to an underground room at the airport where a man sat behind a
desk. Two of the original men left the room. The others began asking D.W.
detailed questions in German about the sighting: he had the impression
that one of the men was American.
The questioning went on for about three hours. At one point D.W. was
politely asked to read and sign a form printed in German. It stated that he
agreed never to disclose the details of his UFO sighting. He declined to sign
the form, despite the fact that it was firmly suggested that his licence might
be suspended. After this, he was released. ‘As would be expected under the
circumstances, he was emotionally upset by these events,’15 writes Dr
Haines, a former NASA-contracted research scientist, who is currently
scientific director of the National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous
Phenomena (NARCAP).16

IRAN

In two previous books I described in detail the sensational case of the
interception of a UFO by F-4 Phantom jets of the Imperial Iranian Air
Force over Tehran in the small hours of 19 September 1976. The essential
details are contained in a previously secret US Air Force Security Service
article (reproduced on pp. 315-17), which references the communications
and instrumentation failures experienced by the crew of the first jet, which
was forced to return to base. Another F-4 was ordered to intercept. At one
point, a second UFO detached from the main one and headed straight for
the jet. The pilots attempted to fire a guided missile at it, but a sudden loss
of power in the weapons control system prevented them from doing so.
Communications were simultaneously lost.
Important additional information not included in that article appeared
in a 1994 Sightings television documentary, which featured interviews with
some of the military personnel involved. It was revealed, for example, that
following the abortive attempt by the crew of the second F-4 (commanded
by Iran’s then ‘top-gun’ pilot, Major Hussan Jafori) to fire an AIM-9
Sidewinder guided missile at the second object, they feared for their lives
and tried to eject from the plane, but the eject circuit malfunctioned. As
the F-4 approached for landing at Mehrabad Air Force Base, the larger
UFO followed it and then described a low-altitude fly-by over the runway,
causing an electrical power failure for several seconds. Twenty-five minutes
after the UFO disappeared, it was observed by the pilot of an Egyptian Air
Force jet over the Mediterranean Sea, and then later by the crew and
passengers of KLM Flight 241 in the Lisbon area. Furthermore, Ron Regehr,
an analyst with the US Defense Support Program (DSP) satellite system,
revealed that a DSP (nuclear-event monitoring) satellite picked up signals
from an ‘unidentifiable technology’ over Iran on the night in question.
Finally, General Mahmoud Sabahat, former Vice-Commander of the
2nd Tactical Fighter Base, disclosed in the documentary that on the day
after the incident he attended a top-secret meeting between the head of the
Iranian Air Force and Major General Richard Secord, chief of the US Air
Force section in Iran, and other personnel. ‘When they heard our report
and the report of the pilots,’ said Hossein Pirouzi, air-traffic supervisor at
Mehrabad, ‘they concluded that no country is able to have such a technology, 
and all of them believed it [must] be [an] object from outer
space.’17

INDIA

In India, as in China, sightings of UFOs were seldom reported for many
years: when I was there in 1964,1 learned that it was a ‘taboo’ subject. But
in the 1970s a spate of sightings led to a resurgence of public interest,
according to Robert F. Dorr, a retired senior diplomat and leading aviation
author. Here follows a brief summary of three events he investigated:
- 11 July 1976 - Two Indian Air Force MiG-21 jets were scrambled near
the Pakistani border to intercept what was initially thought to be a
Pakistani jet, but the object was doing 2,600 mph, and the two pilots
reported an amber, saucer-shaped craft which pulled away before they
could catch up with it.
- 11 January 1977 - Near Varanasi (Benares), a UFO ‘flap’ lasting 45
minutes was observed by thousands. The crew of an Indian Air Force jet
transport, 42 miles to the west of the city, encountered three luminescent
disc-shaped objects which ‘flew past, circled once as if inspecting my
airplane, then continued eastward toward Varanasi’, the pilot stated.
- 16 July 1977 - As an Air India Boeing 747 (Flight 9) made its final
approach to Calcutta’s Dum Dum airport at 23:15, air traffic controllers
noticed a second flying object, closing on the 747. No other aircraft had
been given clearance for an approach. Witnesses on the ground reported a
saucer-shaped object, about the same size as a 747, rushing toward the
airliner. Suddenly, the UFO, dangerously close, was visible to most
passengers, and to the crew. It departed two miles from touch-down.
To Captain Dhingra, the object was a ‘strange-looking apparition ... but
a thing of real substance’.18

FRANCE

France’s Deterrent Force, known officially as ‘la Force de Frappe’, included
the Dassault Mirage IVA supersonic bomber, which was capable of carrying
a 60-kiloton nuclear weapon. On 7 March 1977, during a training exercise
for night-time bombing, a Mirage IVA based with the 4th Wing at the
French Air Force (l’Armee de l’Air) base at Luxeuil, encountered unknown
traffic. At 20:34, Colonel Rene Giraud and his navigator, Capitaine Jean-
Paul Abraham, flying over Chaumont at 30,000 feet, en route to Bordeaux,
were surprised by the sudden presence of a bright light.
‘I thought it was the landing light of a Mirage III interceptor jet,’
Giraud told me, when I met him at the Dassault chalet at the Paris Air
Show in 2003. ‘But we had not been warned about any other traffic. The
light continued to approach. I contacted the control center at Contrexeville,
but they said that nothing showed up on their radar. “What are you doing?
Are you sleeping?” they said. “Check your oxygen!”
‘The light was at our 3 o’clock position. We were flying at about Mach
0.95. I made a hard right-hand turn - but the light always stayed inside the
turn. It was about 1,500 metres away, making a faster speed than our plane.
I turned on a reciprocal, and the light shot off at incredible speed. After
about ten seconds, I said to my navigator, “Look out! It’s coming back!”
What struck me particularly, when I said this, was a strong feeling that we
were being observed. It was the first time in my life I had experienced
something like that. But there was no feeling of fear.
‘We had the feeling that there was a heavy mass behind the light -
something at least as big as a Boeing 747. I made another hard right-hand
turn, almost to the 6 o’clock position, then a reversal. Again, the light shot
off at tremendous speed - I think at least 6,000 to 7,000 km/h - which is
not possible for a plane. And there was no supersonic bang and no shock-
wave. Neither did we experience any effects on the radio or instruments
during the encounter.
‘When we landed, we didn’t say anything for a week. But the radar staff
was intrigued - and they wanted explanations, since they had been
following our aircraft’s manoeuvres! As a Mirage IV pilot, I wasn’t permitted 
to have a “dog-fight” with another plane - even though we weren’t
carrying a nuclear weapon at the time.
‘I couldn’t sleep for a week, because I was so emotionally upset. I was
very anxious: had there been another such occasion, I would have resigned
from the Air Force. Whatever it was, it wasn’t an earthly thing. I believe
that their space-time is different from ours, so I don’t expect to understand
everything. From my point of view, its intention was curiosity. They don’t
want to harm us. If they’re coming from another solar system, I think
they’re of goodwill.. .’,9

BAY OF BISCAY

In January 2005, the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) released numerous
hitherto classified files on UFOs, anticipating a large volume of requests
under provisions of the new Freedom of Information laws, enacted that
year. Among them was a case involving a Vulcan B.2 bomber. Originally
part of the RAF high-altitude nuclear deterrent force, the Vulcan was later
used at low altitude in tactical nuclear/conventional roles.
Before the encounter, at 22:20 on 21 May 1977, three airmen stationed
at RAF Waddington, Lincolnshire - where a Vulcan squadron was based -
observed a triangular-shaped light moving erratically in the sky. Within
minutes the fight was tracked as an ‘unidentified contact’, moving in a
zigzag manner, at RAF Patrington, some 50 miles north-east of Waddington. 
The unknown radar contact registered for four minutes on the
radarscopes when suddenly the screens were ‘partially obliterated by high-
powered interference’, which returned to normal once the target had
disappeared.20
Five days later, on 26 May 1977, at 01:15 local time over the Bay of
Biscay, the crew of a Vulcan (XL321), based at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire, 
flying at 43,000 feet at a speed of Mach 0.86, observed bright fights
approaching their track from the west. As in the Mirage IV case, all five
crewmen of the Vulcan (piloted by Flight Lieutenant David Edwards)
initially thought the fights were ‘similar to aircraft landing fights’, though
they are described in this case as ‘with long pencil beam ahead of fights’.
Extracts (verbatim) from the official signal, sent from RAF Scampton to
the MoD, follow:
. . . HEADLIGHT EFFECT THEN DISAPPEARED AS IF THEY HAD BEEN
TURNED OFF OR RETRACTED OR OBJECT TURNED ONTO
RECIPROCAL TRACK. HOWEVER LARGE ORANGE GLOW REMAINED IN
SKY. GLOW WAS LARGE BUT CREW UNABLE TO ESTIMATE SIZE.
GLOW ALSO HAD BRIGHT GREEN FLUORESCENT SPOT IN BOTTOM
RIGHT HAND CORNER. CAPT AND CO-PLT THEN OBSERVED OBJECT
LEAVING FROM MIDDLE OF THE GLOW ON WESTERLY TRACK AND
CLIMBING AT VERY HIGH SPEED AT ANGLE OF 45 DEGREES. OBJECT
LEFT VERY THIN TRAIL SIMILAR TO CONTRAIL . . .
NAV RADAR . . . OBSERVED INTERFERENCE ON H2S RADAR
SCREEN FROM SAME DIRECTION AND TOOK R88 CAMERA FILM . . .
DISTANCE ESTIMATED 4ONM BUT DIFFICULT TO QUANTIFY DUE
LACK OF COMPARISON AND GLOW EFFECT . . . GLOW REMAINED
STATIC AND VISIBLE FOR SEVERAL MINUTES. RADAR
INTERFERENCE SIMILAR TO NARROW SPOKE AND IN VARIOUS
OTHER JAMMING LIKE FORMS CONTINUED FROM APPARENT
POSITION OF AFTER GLOW FOR 45 MINUTES AFTER VULCAN HAD
TURNED AWAY . . .
RADAR PHOTOGRAPHY SHOWS MINOR ELECTRONIC
INTERFERENCE FROM GENERAL DIRECTION OF SIGHTING . . . BOTH
SHOTS OF SUBJECT RESPONSE SHOW ELONGATED SHADOW OF NO
SHOW AREA DOWN RANGE THUS INDICATING LARGE SIZE. NOTE
THAT NAV RADAR CLAIMS THAT OPERATION OF TILT CONROL
DOWNWARDS CAUSED THESE RESPONSES TO DISAPPEAR THUS
INDICATING A LARGE OBJECT ABOVE SURFACE AGAIN POSSIBLY AT
SIMILAR HEIGHT . . .
A handwritten note on the first page of the signal reveals that the MoD’s
Civil Service central UFO desk - then known as S4f (Air) - would not be
privy to the results of inquiries by a branch of the Defence Intelligence Staff
and RAF Ground Environment (Radar) Operations. It reads: ‘Spoke to Mr
Thompson DI55b and to Sqn Ldr Nicholas - Ops(GE)2(RAF) - and asked
them to look out for this signal particularly. I asked them to forward the
report to anyone else who should have it if they thought it to be necessary.
S4f(Air) will not know the outcome of their enquiries.’21
Moreover, the minutes of a meeting between staff of S4f (Air) and
DI55 held at Whitehall in May the previous year (1976) state that, ‘since
investigations into the defence implications of alleged UFO sightings might
involve highly classified material it was agreed that S4f(Air) has no “need
to know” about enquiries made by any specialist branch ... It followed
that detailed reports on such investigations could not be included in the
files which would ultimately be disclosed when UFO reports were opened
to the public.’22
Was S4f (Air) ‘out of the loop’? No, says Nick Pope, who headed the
MoD’s UFO research effort from 1991 to 1994. ‘Had the civil servants
really been out of the loop,’ he told me, ‘they would not have received the
I signals at all - let alone been designated as the lead division. The comments
reflect the fact that Defence Intelligence Staff methods and sources were
not shared.’23

P0RTUGAL

On 17 June 1977, Jose Francisco Rodriguez, a young pilot based with the
!31st Squadron of the Portuguese Air Force (For^a Aerea Portuguesa) at
Tancos, was flying over the Castelo de Bode dam in a Dornier 27 light
aircraft in poor weather, when suddenly an unknown, dark object emerged
tfrom the clouds slightly to his right. He banked to the left and radioed to
ask if there was any traffic in the area. A reply came back in the negative.
Suddenly the object appeared at the pilot’s 11 o’clock position ‘no more
than six metres away’. It was about 13 to 15 metres in diameter, with a lower
section on which could be seen four or five ‘panels’. The Dornier’s electric
directional gyroscope rotated wildly, and then the plane began to vibrate
violently and went into an uncontrolled dive. Rodriguez struggled to regain
control by pushing the control column forward. Airspeed increased to 140
knots, and then to 180 knots, as the ground loomed nearer. Control was
regained when almost ‘touching the tree tops’, and the plane was landed
safely. Such was Rodriguez’s state of shock that he had difficulty speaking.24
No explanation for the incident was forthcoming, though I did receive
an official report that includes this and some other incidents from the
Portuguese Embassy in London.

SOUTH AFRICA

Back in 1955, the Air Chief of Staff, South African Air Force (SAAF),
admitted that the Department of Defence classified official information on
the UFO subject as ‘Top Secret - Not to be Divulged’. In 1981, during a
visit to Cape Town, I learned from a defence source about a tragic case
which involved the disappearance of two SAAF pilots and their aircraft.
The incident occurred on the day after the Portuguese Air Force Dornier
pilot was harassed.
On 18 June 1977, the two pilots, both with fifteen years and 7,000
hours of flying experience, disappeared over the South Atlantic Ocean 40
miles north-west of Liideritz Bay (Namibia), together with their Mirage Fl-
CZ jets. The last radio contact was at 10:48. At about 11:15 the planes
simply vanished from the radar screens. It was evident that the pilots were
frantically trying to communicate with base: the radio call button was being
pressed but no transmission could be heard.
A simple accident - perhaps a collision? Both planes were equipped
with standard life-saving gear. A Navy ship was in the area within an hour,
and a helicopter within two hours. Weather conditions were good; 3/8ths
altocumulus at 25,000 feet and high cirrus at 45-50,000 feet - the altitude
at which the Mirages were flying. No trace was ever found of either the
pilots or the aircraft.25

CHILE

In an interview in 2002, retired General Heman Gabrielli Rojas described
his encounter with a UFO during a training flight over the deserts of northern
Chile in 1978 (date not given). He was flying one of a pair of F-5F Tiger II
jets of the Fuerza A£rea de Chile (FACh). Not far from Antofagasta, the jets’
radar alerted the pilots to the presence of an enormous intruder.
‘It was noon, and I was flying with Captain Danilo Cataldn - we were
both flight instructors,’ Gabrielli told journalist Cristian Riffo. ‘Accompanying 
us were avionics technician Fernando G6mez and another trainee. The
F-5 is radar-equipped, and a line appeared from side to side; in other
words, a trace throughout the bottom side of the screen. A trace for a
surface ship, a cruiser, is approximately one centimetre long, but this line
went from one side of the screen to the other. I assumed the radarscope
had failed, and said as much to Catalan, but his radar also failed. I then
advised the ground radar at Antofagasta - and they also picked up the line.
‘We were occupied with these details when we looked towards the east
- we were flying from north to south in the vicinity of Mejillones - and
saw a deformed cigar-shaped object, like a plantain banana. It was swathed
in smoke.’ The general estimated the size of the object as being comparable
to that of a dozen aircraft carriers.
It was large, and must have been some 15 to 20 miles away. It moved
in the same direction as us. We were heading back from Attack One,
which is a combat tactic involving gun cameras - no cannon, missiles,
or anything else, so as you can imagine, we were considerably alarmed.
We could see a huge thing surrounded in smoke, and from which
vapour issued. All of this must have lasted some five minutes. We
approached the UFO but it was motionless. It neither approached nor
retreated - it merely moved parallel to us. It was quite impressive, and
something could be seen concealed behind the smoke.
Although the F-5Fs were equipped with cameras, General Gabrielli did
not say if any footage had been obtained. ‘The object then disappeared
towards Easter Island at an impressive rate of speed/ he recalled. ‘The sky
cleared, and the lines on the radar vanished. However, there definitely was
a physical flying object there.’
In February 2001, a newswire from Agence France Presse reported that
the FACh had turned over classified information regarding UFO sightings
in Chile - including the Chilean Antarctic - to the US Defense Intelligence
Agency.26

CHINA

On the evening of 23 October 1978, hundreds of Chinese Air Force pilots
and other officers at Lintiao Air Base in Gansu province were watching the
beginning of an open-air film, which had started at 20:00, when there was
a flurry of disturbance in the audience. ‘Several minutes after the show had
begun,’ reported pilot Zhou Quintong, ‘I saw a huge object flying from east
to west which flew over our heads.
‘It was an immense, oblong object but was not clearly visible. It had
two large lamps, like searchlights, in front, shooting out white light forward,
and a luminous trail issued from the rear ... The speed was not very great,
and it flew in a straight line. It was of a huge size, occupying about 20 to
35 degrees of arc, not very high above the ground and was in sight for two
or three minutes.’27
Chinese researchers speculated that there could be a connection with
the disappearance of the young Australian pilot Frederick Valentich, who
two days earlier had vanished with his Cessna 182 (VH-DSJ) shortly after
reporting being harassed by a large metallic object over the notorious Bass
Strait, en route from Melbourne to Tasmania. According to the transcript
of the transmissions between Valentich and Melbourne Flight Service Unit,
the pilot’s last words were: ‘... ah Melbourne that strange aircraft is
hovering on top of me again - it is hovering and it’s not an aircraft.’28 (See
p. 318.)

KOREA

It was about 09:00 on a day in March 1979. Two F-4D Phantom jets of the
Republic of Korea Air Force (RoKAF) were returning from the annual
South Korea/US military exercise, Team Spirit, to Taeku Air Force Base.
Lieutenant Colonel Seungbae Lee was piloting one plane and Colonel
Byungsun Lim the other, at an altitude of 15,000 feet. On reaching Palkong
Mountain, a star-like, apparently stationary object appeared in the distance,
which grew in size as the jets approached. It did not register on radar, so
the pilots radioed the base - they too were unable to see it on radar. As the
pilots approached to within 15 miles of the object, it shot away to the east,
and then hovered again.
‘The pilots had a close view of the UFO, from about 1,000 feet away,’
Sunglyul Maeng, one of Korea’s leading UFO researchers, informed me. ‘It
was radiating bright golden light, like a blast furnace, from the top to the
bottom of its disc-shaped body. From its rim, red and blue lights sparkled.
It was as big as a jumbo jet. After the F-4s had circled twice above the
UFO, it shot away in the direction of the eastern Korean peninsula.’29
Maeng gave me this report in 1996, when he was studying engineering
at the University of Cambridge. Like other cases from Korea he presented
me with, the report was new to me, and as far as I am aware it is published
here for the first time outside Korea.

SPAIN

On 11 November 1979, a near miss with an unknown craft, ‘approximately
the size of a jumbo jet’ - as in the Korean case - over Ibiza, Spain, was
reported by the crew of a Spanish Air Transport (TAE) Super-Caravelle.
Within minutes, a Spanish Air Force (Ejercito del Aire) Mirage Fl-CE jet
from Los Llanos Air Force Base (Albacete) was scrambled to intercept
unknown targets in the vicinity of Valencia. It was now 02:20 on 12
November.
Captain-Pilot Fernando Camara was ordered to identify the lights and
prepare his weaponry, but he was unable to locate any targets, and none
showed on his radar. However, as the Mirage passed over Valencia at 7,500
metres, a powerful noise of unknown origin, ‘like a siren’, broke in on all
the radio channels. Cdmara then caught sight of a strange light, and set off
in pursuit. The light would not let him get near it, and still nothing showed
on his radar. This happened several times. On the second attempt, the light
suddenly accelerated to the same speed as the Mirage (1,110 km/h),
maintaining a constant distance from the jet. Cdmara attempted to film the
object, but his on-board camera jammed. Other instruments seemed to be
affected too.
Pegaso Operations Centre ordered Camara to head for Sagunto (Valencia), 
where another light appeared. The game of ‘cat and mouse’ ensued
twice more. Finally, running low on fuel, the Mirage returned to base, the
object continuing to track the plane and jamming its electronic
equipment.30
At 17:20 on 17 November, Pegaso Operations Centre detected an
unknown track some 40 kilometres south of Morril (Granada), and a
Mirage FI took off from Los Llanos AFB. By the time the jet arrived in
the vicinity, the object had disappeared from radar. At 18:16 the pilot was
heading back to base when he saw three powerful red-yellow lights in the
shape of a triangle about 19 kilometres away. They did not register on
radar. In spite of chasing the lights at 1,160 km/h, the Mirage could not
close the gap. During his descent into Los Llanos, some childish, laughing
voices broke in on the UHF-11 channel that linked the pilot to the Pegaso
Operations Centre. ‘Hello, how are you? Hello, hello,’ they said in Spanish.
The interference lasted for thirty seconds, but was not heard at the
Centre.31

PERU

Two sightings by Peruvian Air Force - Fuerza Aerea Peruana (FAP) -
personnel in May 1980, including the interception and attempted destruction 
of a UFO, are cited in a US Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA)
document (p. 320). The source of the information was a Peruvian Air Force
(FAP) officer. Extracts follow.
... Unidentified flying object in the vicinity of Mariano Melgar Air
Base, La Joya (Peru 16805S, 0715306W) ... vehicle was spotted on
two different occasions. The first was during the morning hours of 9
May 80, and the second during the early evening hours of 10 May
80...
On 9 May, while a group of FAP officers were [flying] in formation
at Mariano Melgar, they spotted a UFO that was round in shape,
hovering near the airfield. The air commander scrambled a [Sukhoi]
Su-22 aircraft to intercept. The pilot, according to a third party,
intercepted the vehicle and fired upon it at very close range without
any apparent damage. The pilot tried to make a second pass on the
vehicle, but the UFO out-ran the aircraft.32

PUERTO RICO

Puerto Rico lies within an apex of the legendary Bermuda Triangle, where
many mysterious events have occurred, such as those described earlier. On
28 June 1980, two young civilian pilots, Jose L. Maldonado Torres and Jose
A. Pagan Santos, flying at 1,500 feet in an Ercoupe 415-D (N3808H) on the
return leg to San Juan from Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic,
disappeared shortly after transmitting a Mayday distress call. Here follow
salient extracts from the transcript contained in the US National Transportation 
Safety Board (NTSB) accident report (see p. 320):
‘Mayday Mayday ... We are lost ... we found, ah, a weird object in
our course that made us change course about three different times. We got
it right now in front of us at one o’clock ... Right now we supposed to be
at about 35 miles from the coast of Puerto Rico ... We are right again in
the same stuff sir ...’
And that final sentence was the last response heard. An air-sea rescue
search failed to locate any wreckage or bodies. Concluded the NTSB: ‘The
aircraft is presumed ditched at sea and both occupants deceased .. .’33

TURKEY

On 14 January 1983 a very bright object appeared in the sky above Adana,
southern Turkey, at 19:53, and many people stopped their cars to observe
it. Soon the UFO was joined by two US Air Force jets from the NATO base
at Incirlik. One of the jets flew in tight circles around the UFO, which
dwarfed the fighter in comparison and was described as disc-shaped with a
dome underneath. The object accelerated and then disappeared over the
Mediterranean Sea, with the jets in pursuit. Witnesses claim that only one
jet returned to base. Investigator Eric Saunders learned that: ‘ Turkish forces
were involved in a search-and-rescue mission over the Mediterranean on
that date, at the request of the USAF/ Although officials admitted to locals
that a plane had been lost, they refused to discuss the circumstances.34
And no wonder. Such incidents lie at the core of official secrecy on the
subject. How on Earth could our military leaders possibly acknowledge that
an ongoing conflict existed with certain implacable alien species, particularly 
since we lacked effective countermeasures?

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Stevens, Wendelle C. and Dong, Paid, U Modem , UFO Photo
Archives, PO Box 17206, Tucson, AZ 85710, 1983, p. 45. See also the chapter on
Chinese reports in Above Top Secret and Beyond Top Secret.
2. Ibid., pp. 48-9.
3. Ibid., pp. 49-50.
4. See Beyond Top Secret and Unearthly Disclosure.
5. Personal interview, Paris, 12 December 2000.
6. Julien, H., ‘A 1967 Landing in Madagascar’, Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 23, No. 1,
January-February 1977, pp. 29-30. A detailed account of this event appears in
Alien Base by Timothy Good.
7. Vall6e, Jacques, with Costello, Martine, UFO Chronicles of the Soviet Union: A
Cosmic Samizdat, Ballantine Books, New York, 1992, pp. 82-5.
8. Letters, 5/15 December 1995.
9. Personal interview, Istanbul, 15 December 2001.
10. Posta, Istanbul, 17 December 2001. Translated by Esen §ekerkarar.
11. Saunders, Eric, UFO Cases from Turkey. (Privately published.)
12. Letter from Sergeant Terry W. Colvin, Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand,
Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement No. 18, February 1974, p. 17.
Published by FSR Publications Ltd, PO Box 585, Rickmansworth, WD3 1YJ, UK.
www.fsr.org.uk
13. Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege!, Doubleday, New York,
1977, pp. 135-6.
14. Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century,
London, 1998; Avon Books, New York, 1999.
15. Haines, Richard F., ‘An Aircraft/UFO Encounter over Germany in 1976’,
International UFO Reporter, Vol. 24, No. 4, Winter 1999, pp. 3-6.
16. National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous Phenomena, PO Box 1535,
Vallejo, CA 94590. www.narcap.org
17. Sightings, Paramount Pictures, 5555 Melrose Avenue, Mae West 146, Hollywood,
CA 90038-3197.
18. Drucker, Ronald, (Robert F. Dorr) ‘UFO Crisis in India’,	,	Vol.	6,	No.
4, October 1978, pp. 25-7, 45, 65-8.
19. Personal interview, Paris Air Show, Le Bourget, 19 June 2003.
20. The National Archives, DEFE 71/34.
21. The National Archives, DEFE 71/35.
22. The National Archives, DEFE 24/977-979.
23. Note, 18 January 2006.
24. Smith, Dr Willy, ‘Unknown Intruder over Portugal’, International UFO	,
Vol. 10, No. 6, November-December 1985, pp. 6-8.
25. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security , Sidgwick
& Jackson, London, 1996, pp. 276-7.
26. Corrales, Scott, ‘Military Implications of UFOs in Latin America and Spain’,
Inexplicata, The Journal of Hispanic Ufology, Issue #12, Winter 2003.
27. Stevens and Dong, op. cit., pp. 119-20.
28. Haines, Richard F., Melbourne Episode: Case Study of a Missing	, LDA Press,
Los Altos, California, 1987. See also Above Top Secret and Beyond Top Secret.
29. Letter, 4 June 1996.
30. Crivill6n, J. Plana, ‘Encounters in Spanish Air-Space between Aircraft and UFOs’,
Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 34, No. 1, 1989, p. 22.
31. Ballester Olmos, Vicente-Juan, ‘UFO Declassification in Spain - Military UFO
Files Available to the Public: A Balance’; a paper presented at the Eighth BUFORA
International UFO Congress, Sheffield Hallam University, 19-20 August 1995.
32. Department of Defense Intelligence Information Report No. 6-876-0146-80,
received by the Joint Chiefs of Staff Message Center, 3 June 1980.
33. National Transportation Safety Board Accident File No. MIA-80-D-A079. See also
Good, Timothy, Unearthly Disclosure: Conflicting Interests in the Control of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence, Century, London, 2000, pp. 34-9.
34. Saunders, op. cit.


SECRET
NOW YOU SEE IT, NOW YOU DON’T! (U)
Captain Henry S. Shields, HQ USAFE/INOMP
(S) Sometime in his career, each pilot can expect to encounter
strange, unusual happenings which will never be adequately or
entirely explained by logic or subsequent investigation.. The following article recounts just such an episode as reported by two F-4
Phantom crews of the Imperial Iranian Air Force during late 1976.
No additional information or explanation of the strange events has
been forthcoming; the story will be filed away and probably forgotten, but it makes interesting, and possibly disturbing, reading.
*   *   *   *   *(S) Until 0030 on a clear autumn morning, it had been an
entirely routine night watch for the Imperial Iranian Air Force's
command post in the Tehran area. In quick succession, four calls
arrived from one of the city's suburbs reporting a series of strange
airborne objects. These Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) were
described as 'bird-like', or as brightly-1it helicopters (although
none were airborne at the time). Unable to convince the callers
that they were only seeing stars, a senior officer went outside to
see for himself. Observing an object to the north like a star, only
larger and brighter, he immediately scrambled an IIAF F-4 to
investigate.
(S) Approaching the city, the F-4 pilot reported that the
brilliant object was easily visible 70 miles away. When approximately 
25 NM distant, the interceptor lost all instrumentation and
UHF/intercom communications. Upon breaking off the intercept
and turning towards his home base, all systems returned to normal,
as if the strange object no longer regarded the aircraft as a threat.
SECRET
An article from the US Air Force Security Service MIJI Quarterly (MQ 3-78) about
the UFOs encountered over the Tehran area by F-4 Phantom pilots of the Imperial
Iranian Air Force on 19 September 1976. (Air Force Electronic Warfare Center via
William L. Moore Publications & Research)
SECRET
(S) A second F-4 was scrambled ten minutes after the first.
The backseater reported radar-lock on the UFO at 27 NM/12 o'clock
high position, and a rate of closure of 150 knots. Upon reaching the
25 NM point, the object began rapidly moving away to maintain a
constant separation distance while still visible on the radar scope.
While the size of the radar return was comparable to that of a KC-
135, its intense brilliance made estimation of actual size impossible.
Visually, it resembled flashing strobe lights arranged in a rectangular 
pattern and alternating blue, green, red, and orange. Their
sequence was so fast that all colors could be seen at once.
(S) As the F-4 continued pursuit south of Tehran, a second
brightly-lit object (about one-haif to one-third the size of the moon)
detached from the original UFO and headed straight for the F-4 at a
high rate of speed. The pilot attempted to fire an AIM-9 missile at
the new object but was prevented by a sudden power loss in his
weapons control panel. UHF and internal communications were simultaneously lost. The pilot promptly initiated a turn and negative
G dive to escape, but the object fell in behind the F-4 at 3-4 NM
distance. Continuing the turn, the pilot observed the second object
turn inside of him and then away, subsequently returning to the primary 
UFO for a perfect rendezvous.
(S) The two UFOs had hardly rejoined when a second object
detached and headed straight down toward the ground at high speed.
Having regained weapons and communications systems, the aircrew
watched the third object, anticipating a large explosion when it struck
the ground. However, it landed gently and cast a bright light over a
two-three kilometer area. The pilot flew as low over the area as
possible, fixing the object's exact location.
(S) Upon return to home base, both crewmen had difficulty in
SECRET
SECRET
adjusting their night vision devices for landing. The landing was
further complicated by excessive interference on UHF and a further
complete loss of all communications when passing through a 150
degree magnetic bearing from the home base. The inertial navigation system simultaneously fluctuated from 30 to 50 degrees. A civil
airliner approaching the area also experienced a similar communi-cations failure, but reported no unusual sightings.
(S) While on a long final approach, the F-4 crew noted a further
UFO. This was described as a cylinder-shaped object (about the
size. of a T-33 trainer) with bright steady lights on each end and a
flasher in the middle. It quickly approached and passed directly
over the F-4. In answer to the pilot's query, the control tower
reported no other air traffic in the area, although they subsequently
obtained a visual sighting of the object when specifically directed
where to look.
(S) The following day, the F-4 crew was flown by helicopter
to the location where they believed the object had landed. This
turned out to be a dry lake bed, but nothing unusual was noticed.
As the helicopter circled off to the west, however, a very noticeable
beeper signal was received, and eventually traced to a nearby house.
They immediately landed and asked the inhabitants if anything strange
or unusual had occurred the previous night. Yes, they replied,
there had been loud noises and a very bright light, like lightning.
The helicopter returned to base and arrangements were made to
conduct various tests, such as radiation checks, in the vicinity of
the house. Unfortunately, the results of such tests have not been
reported. 
(XS03 2)SECRET
- 3 -



TIME
from
TO
TEXT
:08
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET CONFIRM THE ER AIRCRAFT
JUST VANISHED:14DSJ
FS
SAY AGAIN
:17
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET IS THE AIRCRAFT STILL .WITH
YOU
:23
DSJ
FS
DELTA SIERRA JULIET (ITS AH NOR) // open
microphone 2 seconda // (NOW) APPROACHING FROM
THE SOUTHWEST
:37
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET
:52
DSJ
FS
DELTA SIERRA JULIET THE ENGINE IS IS ROUGH
IDLING IVE GOT IT SET AT TWENTY THREE TWENTY FOUR AND THE THING IS (COUGHING)
0912:04
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET ROGER WHAT ARE YOUR
INTENTIONS
:09
DSJ
FS
MY INTENTIONS ARE AH TO GO TO KING ISLAND AH
MELBOURNE THAT STRANGE AIRCRAFT IS HOVERING
ON TOP OF ME AGAIN // two second open
microphone // IT IS HOVERING AND ITS NOT AN
AIRCRAFT
:22
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET
:28
DSJ
FS
DELTA SIERRA JULIET MELBOURNE // 17 seconds
open microphone //
:49
FS
DSJ
DELTA SIERRA JULIET MELBOURNE

The last page of the official transcript of communications between the 20-year-old
Australian pilot, Frederick Valentich, flying a Cessna 182L (VH-DSJ) over the
Bass Strait, and Melbourne Flight Service Unit (FS), prior to his disappearance on
21 October 1978. (Australian Department of Transport)


MINISTERIO
DE
DEFENSA
S/RfN««.
QUARTEL GENERAL DEL EJERCITO DEL AIREN/Rt*
02-0
Num96-SMA.
ASUNTO:
NOTA PARA LA DIVISION DE OPERACIONES.
La Junta de Jefes de Estado Mayor an su-reunion del 3 de marzo actual, acordo que los
asuntos relacionados con OVNI's continuen, de
acuerdo con la legialacion vigente, considerados como "materia clasificada".
Lo que comunico para conocimiento y com-
plimento de esa Division.
Madrid, 26 de marzo de 1.979.
EL GENERAL SECRETARIO MILITAR DEL AIRE,
CONFIDENCIAL 
The UFO subject confirmed by the Spanish Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1979 as a
‘classified matter’. (Ministerio de Defensa/Vicente-Juan Ballester Olmos)


DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
...................................................Page ?	                                                                                                                                        18134SA              DETAILS SOURCE TOLD RO ABOUT THE SPOTTING OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT IN THE VICINITY OF MARIANO MELGAR AIR BASE, LA JOYA, PERU (168858, 8715386W),  SOURCE STATED THAT THE
VEHICLE WAS SPOTTED  ON TWO DIEEERENT OCCASIONS. THE FIRST WAS 
DURING THE MORNING HOURS OF 9 MAY 80, AND THE SECOND DURING THE EARLY EVENING HOURS OF 18 MAY 80.SOURCE STATED THAT ON 9 MAY, WHILE A GROUP OF FAP OFFICERS WERE IN FORMATION IN MARIANO, MALGAR, THEY SPOTTED A UFO THAT WAS ROUND IN SHAPE, HOVERING NEAR THE AIRFILED. THE AIR COMMANDER SCRAMBLED AN SU-22 AIRCRAFT TO MAKE AN INTERCEP. THE PILOT, ACCORDING TO A THIRD PARTY, INTERCEPTED THE VEHICLE AND FIRED UPON IT AT VERY CLOSE RANGE WITHOUT CAUSING ANY APPARENT DAMAGE, THE PILOT TRIED TO MAKE A SECOND PASS ON THE VEHICLE, BUT THE UFO OUT-RAN THE SU-22. THE SECOND SIGHTING  WAS DURING HOURS OF DARKNESS. THE VEHICLE WAS LIGHTED, AGAIN AN SU-22 WAS SCRAMBLED, BUT THE VEHICLE OUT-RAN THE AIRCRAFT.ORIG CMTSI RO HAS HEARD DISCUSSION ABOUT THE SIGHTING FROM OTHER SOURCES, APPARENTLY SOME VEHICLE WAS SPOTTED, BUT ITS ORIGIN REMAINS UNKNOWN.

A US Defense Intelligence Agency (DLA) report on interceptions of a UFO by Sukhoi
Su-22 jets of the Peruvian Air Force in May 1980. (Defense Intelligence Agency)


An excerpt from the National Transportation Safety Board Accident File on the
disappearance of two pilots, Jose L. Maldonado Torres and Jose A. Pagan Santos,
together with their Ercoupe 415-D (N3808H), as they were returning to Puerto Rico
after a flight from Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, on 28 June 1980.
The pilots’ communications with San Juan International Airport were relayed via
Iberia Airlines flight 976. (National Transportation Safety Board, Washington)

0003:25 GMT
N3808H
Mayday Mayday we are lost we found a strange
object in our course
0003:35 GMT
1B976
Station calling Mayday Mayday Iberia nine seven
six Iberia nine seven six go ahead
0003:45 GMT
N3808H Ah we are going from Santo Domingo to ah San Juan
International but we found (Ah a weird object in
our course that made us change course about three
different times we got it right now in front of us
at one o'clock our heading is) zero seven zero
degrees... our altitude one thousand six hundred
at zero seven degrees... our VORs got lost off
frequency.
0004:15 GMT
1B976 Station calling one two one five Mayday Mayday
Iberia nine seven six go ahead
0004:20 GMT
N3808H Mayday Mayday this is Air-Coupe three eight zero
eight Hotel in flight from Santo Domingo to
San Juan Puerto Rico, we have a very weird ah object
in front of us that make us lose course... our
present heading is one thirty degrees at one
thousand five hundred feet sir


=================================================================
21. INTRUSIONS AT USAF BASES

On the night of 6 November 1973, at 21:45, a US Air Force security
policeman at Kirtland Air Force Base East (formerly Sandia Base), New
Mexico, sighted a large glowing object hovering over the nuclear-weapons
inspection facility in the Manzano Laboratory area (Sandia National
Laboratories). Thus began an astonishing series of incidents from the
1973-4 period which are known to relatively few students of the subject,
let alone the general public.
The object was described as oblate spherical in shape, 150 feet in
diameter, golden in colour, and absolutely silent,’ reported R.C. Hecker, an
investigator for the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization.
The object was hovering approximately 100 feet over Plant No. 3. The
nine other air policemen on duty in that area were alerted to the presence
of the intruder. While the other air policemen moved into positions
affording views of the object, a call was put through to Kirtland East
for assistance. According to my informant (one of the air policemen
who saw the UFO), four interceptors (F-101 Voodoos) of the 150th
Fighter Group, New Mexico Air National Guard, were scrambled to
intercept the object. As the interceptors grouped in the skies over Kirtland 
AFB West, the object began moving in an easterly direction and
passed out of sight over the Manzano Mountains at treetop level
(below the radar horizon). By the time the jets had arrived on the
scene, the object had vanished.
‘I interviewed one of the air policemen who observed the object,’
Hecker’s report continues. ‘He received word of the object’s location when
the alarm was sounded over his transceiver ... he said that military officials
were upset by the incident. He requested that I not identify the source of
my information, due to immediate censoring of the report [and] that
officially the sighting had not occurred: there were no references to it in
intelligence briefs (which he had access to) in succeeding days.’1
At 16:30 on 15 April 1974, a couple observed an object 50-75 feet in
diameter at an altitude of about 2,000 feet. ‘The object displayed a distinct
whirling motion, as it rotated about its central axis,’ reported Hecker.
‘There was no sound, nor was there any visible means of propulsion ...
Immediately south of the witnesses’ home is the Manzano Laboratory high-
security area [which] is restricted to all private and commercial aircraft
below 3,000 feet.’
A month later, a disc is said to have crash-landed on the east side of
the Manzano Mountains, less than 30 miles south-west of Albuquerque.
Hecker reports:
At 22:10 hours, May 17, 1974, electronic scanning instruments at the
Manzano Laboratory section of Kirtland AFB East registered a tremendous 
burst of energy in the 250 to 275 megahertz range. The energy
was so intense it threw all of their instruments completely off-scale.
The burst of energy was first noted in the Earth’s upper atmosphere.
Before the energy died out, a trajectory was plotted. A recovery team
was immediately dispatched to the designated impact area. An area
southwest of the small mountain community of Chilili, New Mexico,
was cordoned off. A few hours later what was described as a metallic,
circular object approximately 60 feet in diameter (before being dis-
manded for handling) was quiedy moved into a hangar at Kirdand
AFB.
‘I talked with the man who was monitoring the electronic scanning
equipment at Manzano [Base] when the initial burst of energy was
registered,’ continued Hecker. ‘This individual has given me leads to
sightings in the past which have always proven valid ... After being told of
this incident, I was stopped by a man who identified himself as a Kirtiand
AFB officer. He ordered me to forget everything I had been told about this
incident.’2
In August-September 1980 a number of instances occurred involving
high-frequency jamming of radar and other equipment, as well as several
landings of unknown objects in Coyote Canyon, part of a large restricted
test range used by the Air Force Weapons Laboratory, Sandia National
Laboratories, Defense Nuclear Agency and the Department of Energy (see
p. 329). During my research trip to the area in July 1989, Major Ernest E.
Edwards, who had been in charge of security at the Manzano Nuclear
Weapons Storage Facility at the time, confirmed the contents of these
reports, and pointed out to me in person where they had taken place.
As mentioned earlier, I have learned via a credible high-ranking source
- now corroborated by another source - that an alien facility was sited in
the vicinity of the nudear-weapons storage area in the Manzano Mountains.
The preponderance of evidence, from the intrusions in 1949 to the cases
cited in this chapter, certainly supports that probability.

ALIEN ABDUCTION

Intrusions at US Air Force bases and sensitive nuclear facilities in New
Mexico reached a new high m August 1975, when a US Air Force flight
mechanic based at Holloman AFB, Alamogordo, claimed to have been
abducted by aliens.
On 13 August, after finishing work at 23:30 the previous night, Sergeant
Charles L. Moody decided to stay up late to watch a meteor shower (the
‘Perseids’), and drove to a location a short distance from his home to do
so. After observing a number of bright meteors, something totally unusual
appeared.
‘At approximately 01:20 hours I observed a dull metallic object that
seemed to just drop out of the sky and start to hover with a wobbling
motion, approximately 100 feet m front of me,' reported Moody. The
object w’as moving slowly toward my car ... I tried to start my car but it
w’as like there was no battery at all.’
At this time the object stopped dead still as if to just hang there in the
air. [It] was about 50 feet across and approximately 18 to 20 feet thick
at the center, maybe more. At this time I heard a high-pitched sound,
something like a dental drill might make at high speed, and just to the
right of the center of the obiect I saw what seemed to be an oblongshaped 
window [with] the shadows of what looked to be [two or
three] human forms.
At this time the high-pitched sound stopped, and a feeling of
numbness came over my body. The fear that I had before left me, and
I felt a very peaceful calmness. [Then] the obiect lifted very fast. It
made no sound ... After the obiect left, my car started perfectly. As I
drove off I looked at my watch, and it was now 02:45 hours. It seemed
to me that the sighting only lasted one or maybe two minutes. That
makes one hour and 25 minutes that I cannot account for .. .3
Following this mcident, Moody broke out m a heat rash on his lower
body and suffered pam in his lower back. In early September 1975, two
researchers from the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, Jim Loren-
zen and Wendelle C. Stevens (a former USAF test pilot), met Moody and
his wife Karon at Alamogordo, and formed a favourable impression. Moody
had been anxious that his story should not come to the attention of the Air
Force, though he did talk to a friend, Dr Abraham Goldman, a former
USAF flight surgeon, who gave him what transpired to be helpful advice
regarding the recovery of at least some of his ‘missing’ memory. In late
September, Moody was ordered to be transferred overseas - a move
predicted by Lorenzen, whose military background and previous employment 
at Holloman made him familiar with such security measures.
Before departing a month later, Moody wrote a long letter to Lorenzen,
describing what he now recalled of the experience. Selected extracts follow:
... The beings were about five feet tall and very much like us, except
their heads were larger and [they had] no hair; ears very small, eyes a
little larger than ours, nose small, and the mouth had very thin lips. I
would say their weight was maybe between 110-130 pounds. There
was speech but their lips did not move. Their type of clothing was
skin-tight [without] zippers or buttons [and] black, except for one of
them that had on a silver-white looking suit.
There were no names said, but they knew who I was and called
me by my proper name - Charles, and did not use my nickname,
Chuck. It was like they could read my mind ... I was taken to a room
and the elder or leader touched my back and legs with a rod-looking
device ... he said there had been a scuffle when they first made
contact with me, and he only wanted to correct any misplacement that
might have happened ... The inside of the craft was as clean as an
operating room [and] the lighting was indirect.
I was thinking to myself, ‘If only I could see the drive unit of the
craft, how wonderful that would be’. The elder or leader put his hand
on my shoulder and said to follow him. We went to a small room that
had no fixtures and was dimly lit ... The floor seemed to give way
like an elevator. I guess we went down about six feet and what I saw
then was a room about 25 feet across, and in the center was what
looked like a huge carbon rod going through the roof of the room;
around the rod were three what looked like holes covered with glass.
Inside the glass-covered holes or balls were what looked like large
crystals with two rods, one on each side of the crystal. One rod came
to a ball-like top, the other one came to a ‘T’ type top. I was told that
this was the drive unit, and that I could understand it if I tried. There
were no wires or cables ...
I was then taken back up through the same way we came down.
The leader then told me that this was not their main craft, but only
used for observing, and that their main craft was about 400 of our
miles above the Earth. And the drive unit on it was different ... I
asked if I could go to the main craft, and I was told no, that their time
was short, but they could find me any time they desired and that in a
short time they would see me again ... And then he told me to be
sure and see a doctor soon. And I did ...
‘It’s not just one advanced race that is studying this planet Earth, but a
group of them,’ Moody declared. ‘They also fear for their own lives, and
will protect themselves at all costs. Their intent is a peaceful one, and if the
leaders of this world will only heed their warnings we will find ourselves a
lot better off than before, and at this time it’s not up to us to accept them,
but for them to accept us!”4
I do not know what became of Charles Moody, following his transfer
abroad (to a US Air Force base in Spain). However, I do know that a
psychological stress evaluation (PSE) of him by Charles McQuiston (coinventor 
of the PSE) indicated that he was telling the truth. Moreover,
Moody held a high-security clearance at Holloman AFB and was involved
in the Air Force’s Human Reliability Program, where he had been screened
by a psychiatrist and declared free of emotional disorders.

LOW-LEVEL INTRUSIONS OVER ICBM BASES

In October and November 1975, a spate of low-level UFO intrusions over
Strategic Air Command intercontinental ballistic missile bases in Maine,
Michigan, Montana and North Dakota caused widespread official concern,
particularly since some of the unknown objects exhibited what is called a
‘clear intent’ over the nuclear-missile sites. I cite from two official
documents:
• Alert Center Branch, US Air Force Aerospace Intelligence	,	31
October 1975
Contacted CIA OPS center and informed them of U/I flight activity
over two SAC bases near Canadian border. CIA ... requested they be
informed of any follow up activity.
•	Commander-in-Charge,North American Aerospace Defense Command
This morning, 11 Nov 75, CFS Falconbridge reported search and height
radar paints on an object up to 30 nautical miles south of the site
ranging in altitude from 25,000 ft to 75,000 ft... With binoculars the
object appeared as a 100 ft diameter sphere ... I have also expressed
my concern to [Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information] that
we come up soonest with a proposed answer to queries from the press
to prevent over reaction by the public to reports in the media that may
be blown out of proportion.

PILOTS HARASSED

In 1975, Major Donald Keyhoe disclosed details relating to a case that he
had learned about from his Air Force sources. ‘This is a powerful case,
similar to the Kinross case,’ said Keyhoe, ‘but the location is secret. I can’t
even tell you on which coast it happened, or when it happened. But it was
over two years ago.’ Leonard Stringfield reports:
‘This incident begins with radar picking up a blip that appeared on the
scope as the UFO circled over the airbase. Three jets were scrambled. As
the jets climbed skyward, the UFO continued its circling maneuver; then it
leveled off, heading toward them. Trying to avoid collision, the jets spread
out. Then the UFO accelerated to a higher [altitude], leaving the interceptors 
under it. Suddenly and inexplicably, the jets vanished from the scope.
Said Keyhoe, ‘It was as though the UFO had swallowed up the jets.
Then the UFO made a turn and streaked off the scope. The radar had over
a 200-mile range, but there was no trace of the three jets or the UFO. The
Air Force made the usual extensive search for the missing jets. Nothing!’5
In conversation with reporter Bob Pratt in 1978, Keyhoe confirmed the
reliability of his Air Force sources for the story. The three missing planes
were F-102 Delta Dagger jets from a certain Air Force base in Florida.6
A shocking case occurred on 6 May 1976 over the restricted military
air corridor north of Cincinnati and east of Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, when a pilot was testing a highly sophisticated new
instrument in his plane (type not revealed). According to information
provided to Leonard Stringfield via an engineer who was present at the
debriefing, the incident happened in clear weather during daylight hours.
‘Somewhere east of Wright-Patterson AFB,’ reported Stringfield, ‘the
pilot, making his routine test run, suddenly caught sight of three unidentified 
silverish objects, flying in formation at an unknown distance ahead.
They were closing in fast toward his aircraft.’
The UFOs, described as huge silver discs with portholes that had a
mirrored effect, suddenly moved in menacingly close. The pilot, fearing
a collision, tried to evade the objects by descending to 1,000 feet ...
But the three UFOs hung tenaciously close - one on each wing tip, the
other above the fuselage.
The stunned pilot tried evasive action: levelled off and then shot
up in a vertical climb to 3,000 feet. But the UFOs stuck to his aircraft
and continued their harassment for more than an hour. During this
frantic period, all the instruments on the pilot’s control panel went
‘haywire’, and he admitted later that he lost all sense of time.
‘According to the engineer,’ continued Stringfield, ‘the pilot, during
debriefing, said he was terrified by the action and confessed that he broke
down and cried. The UFOs were confirmed by base radar, probably by a
portable unit of the Air Systems Division.’7
This incident bears a remarkable resemblance to the one reported by
the Mexican pilot Carlos de los Santos Montiel three days earlier, described
in the previous chapter.

MAJOR USAF EUROPE EVENTS

No UFO case in the UK has attracted more publicity than the extraordinary
events occurring over several nights in Rendlesham Forest, just outside the
twin US Air Forces Europe NATO bases at Bentwaters and Woodbridge,
Suffolk, in late December 1980. As in the case of the Roswell incident,
several documentaries and books have been devoted to the case. The
memorandum summarizing these events, sent to the Ministry of Defence
(MoD) by Lieutenant Colonel Charles I. Halt, Deputy Base Commander,
who also witnessed several of the incidents, is reproduced on page 330. I
interviewed Colonel Halt on one occasion and met him on another. At the
latter occasion, Nick Pope, who headed the MoD’s UFO research effort
from 1991 to 1994 and had conducted extensive official investigations into
the incident, was present. Halt told us both emphatically that certain US
authorities had covered up their investigations.
At one stage witnesses reported that the UFOs beamed lights down on
to the hardened bunkers containing nuclear weapons (more of which were
then stored at Bentwaters than anywhere else in Europe). Halt and his
investigators tape-recorded their communications describing some of these
dramatic events. It should be noted that a very similar craft was seen for
well over an hour by numerous witnesses (some using binoculars) over
south-east London and north-west Kent on 15 December 1980, as it
hovered for long periods, occasionally split into five separate elements and
then regrouped into a single element. All this took place in a cloudless sky.
I myself saw the object for a brief period. Frustrating^, I had neither
binoculars nor a camera with me and, as luck would have it, by the time I
had dashed home only minutes later and was about to photograph and
film it with zoom lenses, it had vanished.8 They must have known I was
coming!
Readers seeking further information are encouraged to read two definitive 
books on the case: You Can't Tell the People by Georgina Bruni,9 and
the updated edition of Left at East Gate by Larry Warren and Peter
Robbins.10 Bruni’s title was inspired by a brief conversation with former
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in May 1997, during which Bruni
brought up the Rendlesham Forest incident.
‘UFOs?’ retorted Lady Thatcher. ‘You must get your facts right - and
you can’t tell the people!’

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Hecker, R. C., ‘New Mexico Reports’, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 23, No. 2,
November 1973, p. 5.
2. Ibid., p. 6.
3. Lorenzen, L.J., ‘The Moody Case’, The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 24, No. 12, June 1976,
p. 6.
4. The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 25, No. 1, July 1976, pp. 2, 5-6.
5. Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege!, Doubleday, New York,
1977, pp. 143-4.
6. http://www.bobpratt.org/keyhoe.html
7. Stringfield, op. cit., pp. 145-6.
8. Above Top Secret and Beyond Top Secret.
9. Bruni, Georgina, You Can't Tell the People: The Cover-up of Britain's Roswell,
Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 2000.
10.	Warren, Larry, and Robbins, Peter, Left at East Gate: A First-Hand Account of the
Rendlesham Forest UFO Incident, Its Cover-up, and Investigation, Cosimo-on-
Demand, New York, 2005.


1. On 2 Sept 80, SOURCE related an 8 Aug 80, three Security Policemen assigned to
1608 SPS, KAFB, NM, on duty inside the Manzano Weapons Storage Area sighted an
unidentified light in the air that traveled from North to South over the Coyote
Canyon area of the Department of Defense Restricted Test Range on KAFB, NM. The
Security Policemen identified as: SSGT STEPHEN FERENZ, Area Supervisor, AIC MARTIN
W. RIST and AMN ANTHONY D. FRAZIER, were later interviewed separately by SOURCE
and all three related the same statement: At approximately 2350hrs., while on duty in Charlie Sector, East Side of Manzano, the three observed a very bright
light in the sky approximately 3 miles North-North East of their position. The
light traveled with great speed and stopped suddenly in the sky over Coyote Canyon.
The three first thought the object was a helicopter, however, after observing the strange aerial maneuvers (stop and go), they felt a helicopter coudln't
have performed such skills. The light landed in the Coyote Canyon area. Sometime
later, three witnessed the light take off and leave proceeding straight up at a
high speed and disappear.
2. Central security Control (CSC) inside Manzano, contacted Sandia Security,
who conducts frequent building checks on two alarmed structures in the area. They
advised that a patrol was already in the area and would investigate.
3. On 11 Aug 80, RUSS CURTIS, Sandia Security, advised that on 9 Aug 80, a Sandia
Security Guard, (who wishes his name not be divulged for fear of harassment),  related
the following:	At approximately 0020hrs., he was driving East on the Coyote Canyon access road on a routine building check of an alarmed structure. As he approached
the structure he observed a bright light near the ground behind the structure. He
also observed an object he first thought was a helicopter. But after driving
closer, he observed a round disk shaped object. He attempted to radio, for a back
up patrol but his radio would not work. As he approached the object on foot armed
with a shotgun, the object took off in a vertical direction at a high rate of speed.
The guard was a former helicopter mechanic in the U.S. Army and stated the object
he observed was not a helicopter.
4. SOURCE advised on 22 Aug 80, three other security policemen observed the same
Part of an Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) complaint form
relating to UFO intrusions at the Manzano nuclear weapons storage area in
August-September 1980. (The National Archives, Washington)


COMPLAINT FORM
ADMINISTRATIVE DATA TITLE KIRTLAND AFB, ... 8 Aug - 3 Sep 80,
Alleged Sigthings of Unidentified
Aerial Lights in Restricted Test Range.
DATE2-9 Sept 80TIME1200
PLACE AFOSI Det 1700. Kirtland AFB, N4 HOW RECEIVED[X] IN PERSON        TELEPHONICALLY          IN WRITING SOURCE AND EVALUATION MAJOR ERNEST  E. EDWARDS
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUATERS .... COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (USAFE)APO NEW YORK 00755REPLY TO ATTN OF: CD	13	Jan	 81
TO: RAF/CC
1. Early in the morning of 27 Dec 80 (approximately 0300L), two USAF
security police patrolmen saw unusual lights outside the back gate at
RAF Woodbridge. Thinking an aircraft might have crashed or been forced
down, they called for permission to go outside the gate to investigate. 
The on-duty flight chief responded and allowed three patrolmen to proceed 
on foot. The individuals reported seeing a strange glowing object
in the Forest. The object was described as being metalic in appearance
and triangular in shape, approximately two to three meters across the
base and approximately two meters high. It illuminated the entire forest
with a white light. The object Itself had a pulsing red light on top and
a bank(s) of blue lights underneath. The object was hovering or on legs.
  As the patrolmen approached the object, it maneuvered through the trees
and disappeared. At this time the animals on a nearby farm went into a
frenzy. The object was briefly sighted approximately an hour later near
the back gate.
2. The next day, three depressions 1 1/2" deep and 7" in diameter were
found where the object had been sighted on the ground. The following
night (29 Dec 80) the area was checked for radiation. Beta/gamma readings
of 0.1 millirentgens were recorded with peak readings in the three depressions 
and near the center of the triangle formed by the depressions. 
A nearby tree had moderate (.05-.07) readings on the side of the tree
toward the depressions.
3. Later in the night a red sun-like light was seen through the trees.
It moved about and pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw off glowing
particles and then broke into five separate white objects and then disappeared. 
Immediately thereafter, three star-like objects were noticed
in the sky, two objects to the north and one to the south, all of which
were about 10° off the horizon. The objects moved rapidly in sharp angular
movements and displayed red, green and blue lights. The objects to the
north appeared to be elliptical through an 8-12 power lens. They then
turned to full circles. The objects, to the north remained in the sky for
an hour or more. The object to the south was visible for two or three
hours and beamed down a stream of light from time to time. Numerous individuals, 
including the undersigned, witnessed the activities in paragraphs 2 and 3.

Lieutenant Colonel Charles Halt’s memorandum to the Ministry of Defence describing
the events outside the two NATO bases of Bentwaters and Woodbridge, Suffolk.
The security policemen’s encounter took place in the small hours of the 26th - not
27th - December 1980. (US Air Force)


CHARLES I. HALT, Lt Col, USAF
Deputy Base Commander
SUBJECT: Unexplained Lights
A sketch by Mike Sacks based on a description by one of the witnesses to the craft
that landed outside the twin USAF bases of Bentwaters and Woodbridge, Suffolk,
in December 1980. From the first book on the case, Crash: A Cosmic Conspiracy
by Brenda Butler, Dot Street and Jenny Randles, Neville Spearman, 1984.


===============================================================================
22. EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE

The American National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP), founded in 1956 by Thomas Townsend Brown, a former US
Navy physicist, and directed by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, became the most
prestigious and influential UFO group in the world. No other UFO
organization before or since has so consistently and effectively challenged
official attempts to debunk the subject.
NICAP’s membership included numerous retired military officers and
scientists and - as it later transpired - CIA and other intelligence personnel
(a fact acknowledged in an undated CIA memorandum).
It was no secret that a former CIA director, Rear Admiral Roscoe H.
Hillenkoetter, became a member of NICAP’s Board of Governors. Among
those with covert CIA connections who had infiltrated key positions in
NICAP was Colonel Joseph J. Bryan III, founder and original Chief of the
CIA’s Psychological Strategy Board. Others included a former member of
the agency’s Psychological Warfare Staff, Count Nicolas de Rochefort, who
became Vice-Chairman of NICAP, and Karl Pflock, a former CIA briefing
officer and author of two books on the Roswell incident. Todd Zechel, a
former Army Security Agency officer, has revealed many other names,
which are published in my book Above Top Secret.
According to Zechel, Major Keyhoe was deliberately ousted by the CIA
infiltrators in 1969, after which John L. Acuff (with alleged CIA affiliations)
took over as director. NICAP eventually became so ineffective that it was
dissolved, and its files were taken over in 1973 by Dr J. Allen Hynek’s
newly formed Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS).1 Hynek, as we learned
earlier, was a consultant on UFOs to both the CIA and the US Air Force. It
is difficult to avoid the corollary that CUFOS was likewise infiltrated.

SATELLITES AND UFO IMAGERY INTELLIGENCE

‘Satellite and space exploration programs should give us new, valuable
information on UFOs, affording definite evidence as to their reality,’
declared Admiral Hillenkoetter, speaking from his position as a member of
NICAP, in 1957.2 His declaration proved to be prescient. Considerable data
on UFOs - including imagery - have been gathered by spy satellites,
although much of these remain classified at levels higher than Top Secret.
From 1968 to 1969 Dr Irena Scott, a physiologist and an investigator
for CUFOS, worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency (DLA), where she
was security cleared for two of America’s photo-reconnaissance spy satellite
programmes - Keyhole and Talent. ‘The history of the Keyhole program,’
says Jeffrey T. Richelson, author of America's Secret Eyes in Space, ‘is a
history of one of the most significant military technological developments
of [the 20th] century and perhaps in all history.’3
In 1968 Scott was working with a section of the DIA known as Air
Order of Battle, Soviet/East Europe Division, Eastern USSR Branch. ‘Our
work involved identifying all the flying objects over the area, such as aircraft
and missiles, for each incoming mission, and then making a report to the
CIA,’ Scott writes.
The CIA was the recipient of all our reports, as far as I know. In July
1968, because of a possible UFO sighting made by myself and my sister,
I mentioned the subject to the people I worked with. To my surprise,
no-one ridiculed me. This was because, sometime before I had entered
this section, they had reported a UFO on the Keyhole photography. I
was able to see these photographs. However, they were classified, so I
didn’t write down identifying information.
The object on the photograph was shaped like a saucer with a raised
dome in the center. It was over water. One could tell by the wave
pattern on the water that the object was not in the water. This water
was inland or near the USSR, and I think it was probably the Black Sea
... It was to the west of a mountain range having a secret Soviet military
installation on the other side. The object was photographed on at least
two occasions (photography from different [satellite] passes around the
Earth). It was in a slightly different place during each of these passes,
but was in the same general area.
Because it was seen on more than one mission (a mission [or
orbit] is 90 minutes), I made copies of it and photographically changed
the object’s size, until I had photographs of the object that were the
same size, but from different viewpoints. I examined these in stereo, in
order to more clearly view the shape of the object. It appeared to be
saucer-shaped with a dome [which] appeared to be quite tall in comparison 
to the brim - almost like a high top-hat, or like the Kecksburg,
Pennsylvania, object standing on end. I don’t know whether this was
actually the shape of the object, or whether the shape had been distorted 
by my method of photography.
The supervisors of this area told me that they had reported the
object to the CIA as a UFO ... Although the CIA almost always
accepted their professional opinion about the identity of objects, [they]
did not accept this report. The CIA told them that what they saw
was an imperfection on the film. The DIA argued that, since it was
photographed on two different occasions (I recall at least three pictures
- there may have been three missions or two pictures from another
mission), it couldn’t be a photographic imperfection ... To further
check, they sent the film to densitometry specialists. These people
analyzed the film, and reported that a real object had been photographed 
[but] the CIA again told them the photographs were not of
objects.. .4

PROJECT SNOWBIRD

On 29 December 1980, during the period of the Rendlesham Forest events,
Betty Cash, her friend Vickie Landrum and the latter’s seven-year-old
grandson Colby were driving near Huffman, a suburb of Houston, Texas,
when at about 21:00 a fiery object was seen in the sky. It quickly descended
to tree-top level above the road, and hovered in front of them over 100 feet
away. Flames appeared to be shooting down from the object. Betty stopped
the car, and the two adults got out and watched. Colby pleaded with them
to get back inside, which they did, though Betty spent more time outside
than the others.
Each witness described the object somewhat differently. Betty, for
example, thought it had no distinct shape, while Colby was certain it was
diamond-shaped. The bursts of flame coincided with sounds, ‘like a flamethrower’, 
and a ‘roaring’ as well as a ‘beeping’ noise lasted throughout the
encounter. The car was so hot that Betty was unable to touch the door with
her bare hand. The witnesses followed the object in the car and noticed
that about twenty-plus helicopters, many of them twin-rotor Chinooks,
appeared to be escorting the object - though never getting closer than
about three-quarters of a mile. After stopping three more times to watch
the spectacle, Betty drove the others home, and arrived at her own home at
21:50. Horrific physical symptoms - evidently resulting from irradiation -
then became apparent (see pp. 345-6). The other witnesses, who spent less
time outside the car, suffered some similar symptoms, though to a much
lesser degree.5
The presence of helicopters suggests that the object was an experimental
device which had malfunctioned, the main purpose of the helicopters being
to ensure that in the event of a forced landing the area could immediately
be sealed off by troops. Some sources state that the craft - ‘Project
Snowbird’ - was either a nuclear-powered prototype space shuttle, or a
‘lighting device’ with an auxiliary conventional rocket engine that had got
into difficulties. An interesting explanation was given by two US military
intelligence agents during a two-hour television debate - Cover-Up?
Live - transmitted from Washington and Moscow in 1988. The agents,
‘Condor’ and ‘Falcon’, their faces blacked out and voices electronically
modulated, claimed that the object ‘was an alien craft piloted by military
aircraft pilots [and] they found that the aircraft did not respond to certain
controls [and] radioed that they thought the craft was going to crash ...
However, this craft did not crash.’6
The agents almost certainly were Robert M. Collins (‘Condor’), a
former US Air Force captain who retired from his assignment at the Plasma
Physics group at Sandia National Laboratories, Kirtland AFB, in 1988, and
Richard C. Doty (‘Falcon’), a special agent assigned to the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.7 In a book by Collins and Doty, Exempt from
Disclosure (2005), Collins suggests that the craft was ‘a very primitive
attempt by the US government to find a fast-track, secret way to get us into
space and off to the stars using anti-gravity [but] according to the [Los
Alamos National Laboratory] contact ... there were problems with the
materials [and] propulsion system. Edward Teller had supposedly identified
the [alien] power system as far back as 1957.. .’8 (One of my sources
learned that plasma physics is the key to alien propulsion technology.)
In 1982 former US Air Force intelligence officer Steve Lewis, who spent
twelve years investigating UFOs for the military, both in the US and abroad,
said that only a fraction of information accumulated by the military has
been released. He disclosed that the Air Force believes that the very bright,
sometimes blinding, fights associated with UFOs are related to their
propulsion system, enabling them to travel faster than light.9
Betty Cash and Vicki Landrum were left in no doubt that the craft was
American, and sued the US Government for $20 million damages. The case
was dismissed on the grounds that no such craft was owned, operated or
in the inventory of the Air Force, the Army, the Navy or NASA. There is a
great deal more information on this important case - including testimony
from other witnesses - and essential reading is The	UFO
Incident by John F. Schuessler, a retired NASA technician who heads the
Mutual UFO Network.10
On 29 December 1998, Betty Cash died of health problems associated
with the injuries that she sustained from her close encounter - exactly
eighteen years earlier.

CONDITION ZEBRA

Merle S. McDow worked at the US Navy’s Atlantic Command Support
Facility in Norfolk, Virginia, with a team who briefed Rear Admiral Harry
DePue Train II, Commander-in-Chief, US Atlantic Fleet (and in charge of
all NATO forces in the Atlantic). ‘My job,’ said McDow, who held Top
Secret SCI (Sensitive Compartmented Information) clearance, ‘was to make
sure that any incoming and outgoing audio/video information that came
into the Command Center was recorded and duly logged for reference, in
case they needed it later.’ One day in early May 1981, a condition ‘Zebra’ -
the Navy’s highest alert - was announced.
On most occasions, ‘Zebra’ would be a drill - but this was the real
thing. A warning came from NORAD that an unidentified object had
entered the Atlantic Area of Operations (AOR) from the north. ‘We
launched planes from as far north as Greenland to Naval Air Station
Oceana [Virginia],’ said McDow, in his testimony for Steven Greer’s
Disclosure Project. ‘This event lasted almost an hour. You could hear the
pilots’ five voice transmissions ... Planes were able to close a couple of
times, and were able to see that the object was not an aircraft that we were
familiar with.’
During the event, KH-11 satellites took photos of the object. ‘From the
photograph I remember,’ continued McDow, ‘the shape was more like a
cylinder [with] abrupt ends [which] did appear to be reflecting sunlight
and you could clearly tell it was metallic ... What was really bugging
Admiral Train was that this thing absolutely had complete control of the
situation and could be anywhere that it wanted to be in a matter of seconds
... Train was scrambling and authorizing planes [from] the north and
south to literally track it and force it down.’ It went from Nova Scotia to
Norfolk, Virginia, in one sweep of the radar. Eventually, the craft shot off
at phenomenal speed.
Later, two men in suits arrived and confiscated all records, including
tape and written logs, and questioned McDow, warning him in an intimidating 
manner never to disclose what he had heard or seen to his colleagues
or to anyone off-base.11
Commander Will Miller, US Naval Reserve (retired), told me that he
had tried to get some confirmation for the incident from Admiral Train in
person. ‘My disinterest in this subject is profound,’ Train simply intoned.12

THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY

The American National Security Agency (NSA) is the world’s largest
electronic intelligence (ELINT) eavesdropping empire and, according to a
report by Congressional auditors, classifies somewhere between 50 million
and 100 million documents a year! ‘With more secrets than are held by the
CIA, the State Department, the Pentagon, and all other agencies of
government combined,’ writes James Bamford, author of two books on the
Agency, ‘NSA likely holds the largest body of secrets on Earth.’13
I am informed that, of the roughly half-dozen so-called ‘intelligence
disciplines’ (major sources of ‘raw’, or unevaluated, intelligence), the NSA
is the sole US Government authority and executive for the collection and
reporting of signals intelligence (SIGINT): it treats all other disciplines or
source categories as ‘collateral’ - for example, human intelligence
(HUMINT) and imagery intelligence (IMINT), the latter acquired by
aircraft and satellites (such as the KH-11).
Like the other federal agencies that have consistently and routinely
collected and reported UFO-related intelligence, the NSA is also tasked to
collect and report SIGINT about, for instance, the reactions of foreign air
forces and air-defence forces to UFO incursions. Until the 1980s, however,
few outside the intelligence community were aware of the fact. ‘Please be
advised that NSA does not have any interest in UFOs in any manner,’ they
told researcher Robert Todd in 1976.14
Thanks to Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), some UFO-related
documents originating with the NSA were released in January 1980. The
Agency admitted that many more were ‘exempt from disclosure’. Later that
year, NSA representative Eugene Yeates admitted in a court hearing that the
NSA had found many documents on UFOs that were relevant to the FOLA
request. Lawyer Peter Gersten, representing CAUS, under terms of the
Freedom of Information Act (FOLA), filed suit against the NSA in the US
District Court, Washington, DC, to obtain 135 documents then admitted
to being withheld by the Agency. After studying a twenty-one-page ‘above’
Top Secret affidavit in camera, Judge Gesell ruled that the Agency was fully
justified in withholding the documents in their entirety. The case was
dismissed.15,16
In 2005, NSA released a considerably less-censored version of the 1980
document, which had been classified TOP SECRET UMBRA (see
pp. 347-8). ‘Umbra’ was the code word for a communications intelligence
(COMINT) ‘compartment’, in use until 1999.17 It is not a level of classification 
per se, but rather the communications intelligence category-three
(COMINT CAT III) code word or caveat associated with top-secret
material, restricting access still further to those with a ‘ticket’ to the right
‘compartment’ relating to that particular intelligence matter. Just to confuse
the issue SCI can also include sub-compartments - e.g. TOP SECRET
GAMMA GUPPY. Above all, however, access is determined by ‘need to
know’ (NTK). As a source explained to me: ‘One only shares SCI with
other SCI’ers, but only if the other SCI’er has an NTK. NTK is the basic,
bottom-line rule regardless of all the spider-webs of administration...’ For
simplification, here are some basic US Government definitions:
- TOP SECRET: Information, the unauthorized disclosure of which could
reasonably be expected to cause exceptionally grave damage to the
national security.
- SENSITIVE COMPARTMENTED INFORMATION: Information bearing
special controls indicating restricted handling within present and future
intelligence collection programs and their end products.
- SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM: Program imposing ‘need-to-know’ or
access controls beyond those normally provided for access to Confidential,
Secret, or Top Secret information.18
A Washington source who has read the uncensored affidavit assured
me that it does not contain any sensational information about crashed craft
or aliens, and that the deleted portions relate mostly to the ‘sources and
methods’ by which the information was acquired. However, he remains in
no doubt that the UFO subject ranks as the most sensitive in the US
Government.

A US NAVAL/AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE LINK

Robert F. Dorr, an Air Force veteran and leading aviation author, has
reported some intriguing information relating to a small Air Force unit
located in the mid-1970s at the US Naval Air Station at Patuxent River,
Maryland. ‘I’ve uncovered several clues,’ he wrote in 1977, ‘that suggest
that America’s secret UFO program - and the campaign to ridicule military
personnel who’ve seen UFOs - is located in a fenced-in stucco building
adjacent to the mud flats along Maryland’s Patuxent River.
At the Patuxent Naval Air Test Center, a number of strange things are
going on - Navy squadron VX(N)-8 operating a fleet of P-3 Orion
electronics [intelligence] aircraft to investigate mysterious phenomena
in the world’s oceans, an Air Force radar surveillance outfit reporting
directly to the Pentagon, and a cluster of civilian-garbed Air Force
intelligence people (on a Navy base!) are all working behind those high
mesh fences in a top-security area. ‘This is the headquarters for it all,’
a naval officer once told me. ‘The Bermuda Triangle, even experiments
aimed at making contact with intelligent life in the Universe. There’s a
guy in charge, in that building, who reports directly to the top.’
‘These “leads” are circumstantial,’ concedes Dorr. ‘Although Capt.
Charles R. Gillespie, the commander at Patuxent, couldn’t be interviewed,
[and] his public affairs officer, W.M. Frierson Jr, denied that any UFO-
related activity is taking place there, [the] likely truth is that any national
cover-up, if there is one, probably involves all the services and several
government agencies in different locations. [However] even the most ardent
UFO believers have difficulty explaining how such a big secret could be
held, so tightly, for so many years, by so many people .. .’19

A TOP SECRET UFO WORKING GROUP

As revealed by former New York Times reporter Howard Blum in his book
Out Therey a top-secret group, known as the UFO Working Group, was
established in the USA in December 1987. Its seventeen members included
various military and scientific intelligence officers, who met regularly at the
Pentagon ‘Tank’ to evaluate UFO sightings and related issues.20 The Tank
is the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) Conference Room, located in the National
Military Command Center (NMCC).
Although Blum states that the Working Group was established in
December 1987, I have learned that meetings were held well before then.
The header of a memo leaked to Canadian researcher Grant Cameron states
that an ‘Advanced Theoretical Physics Conference’ was held from 20 to 25
May 1985, at the BDM McClean Secure Facility, Virginia. In the space
stipulating ‘Specific information to which access is requested’ is typed: ‘Top
Secret/Restricted Data Sigmas as required.’ Cameron was also given names
of most of the attendees. Later, I received a complete list of attendees from
another source.
According to my information, the project was the brainchild of John
Alexander, a former Army colonel, and the committee was nominally
sanctioned by the Army Science Board and Army Laboratory Command.
The research effort, I am told, appears to have been a ‘major engineering
project’ under Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, former CIA Deputy Director,
Director of Naval Intelligence and Director of the National Security Agency.
Several attendees have confirmed for me that the meetings at BDM
were related to what later became known as the UFO Working Group. One
attendee was Dr Robert M. Wood, a now retired aeronautical engineer
whose career included forty-three years with McDonnell Douglas. He now
devotes much of his time to UFO research.
‘I was there,’ Dr Wood confirmed to me in 2005. ‘The 1985 meetings
were held in the basement at BDM. The idea was to pool our knowledge of
UFOs to see what we could conclude. Several people made presentations,
mostly not very classified. I was out of the room for a few minutes while
some special subject was discussed. All my notes were classified at the time,
and they have probably been destroyed.’
Other attendees included Ronald Blackburn, Milt Janzen and Don
Keuble (Lockheed Aircraft); Howell McConnell (NSA); Dr Harold E. Puthoff
(a physicist and former NSA officer who has been involved in several other
top-secret UFO-related projects, such as ‘remote viewing’, employing psychics)
; Ed Speakman (Army Intelligence); and Bill Wilkinson (CIA).

THE NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND CENTER

The NMCC is the Pentagon’s primary nerve centre responsible for generating 
Emergency Action Messages (EAMs) to launch-control centres,
nuclear submarines, reconnaissance aircraft and battlefield commanders
worldwide.21 Anthony L. Kimery is an award-winning editor and journalist
who has covered global security, intelligence and defence issues for two
decades. In 1989 he revealed that, according to an Army source who
worked with the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) at the NMCC during the 1970s,
a secret, centralized command structure dealing with UFOs has been in
operation since the mid to late 1970s, and fin 1989) continued to handle
the UFO problem from the ranks of the NMCC.
‘Based on testimony provided to this reporter by the former JCS
source and others,’ reported Kimery, ‘military and political leaders have
for more than ten years considered the UFO reality serious enough to
warrant a consolidated oversight mechanism and planning force, on a
par with management for global conflict. To be a matter of military
preparedness directed at this high command level, the UFO situation is
clearly perceived by the government as a threat worthy of continuous, in-
depth monitoring and surveillance and, if the need arises, military
confrontation.. .y22

TOP SECRET BRITISH RESEARCH

In previous books, especially Alien Liaison and Beyond Top , I
detailed information relating to top-secret investigations into UFOs conducted 
by the Royal Air Force Provost and Security Services (P&SS) in a
‘lodger unit’ within the Flying Complaints Flight (FCF) cell, sometimes
referred to as the ‘low-flying section’. The P&SS is the British equivalent
of the US Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI), long involved
in UFO investigations. As explained to me by a former member of the
P&SS, the FCF is a unit of RAF Police Criminal and Security Investigators 
who investigate any report related to flying complaints - especially
UFOs:
‘Investigators of the RAF Police are in fact the “Special Branch” of the
Air Force. Their training and qualities are superior to those of the civilian
[Police] Special Branch, and even MI5, [and] are so respected throughout
the world that MI5 send their own operatives to receive RAF tuition. All
in all, there is no better unit to investigate UFO complaints ... The covert
capability of the RAF Investigator is so notorious that they have operatives
attached to MI5/MI6, also New Scotland Yard, as well as overseas intelligence 
organizations.’
Another P&SS investigator revealed in conversation with my informant 
that from 1963 to 1965, while in charge of personnel security at the
Government Buildings, Bromyard Avenue, London W3, where the FCF
was then based, he became aware of top-secret research into the subject:
‘I had access to every Top Secret file there was,’ he said, ‘except low
flying, because they dealt with UFOs. I knew they dealt with low flying,
but they had a special team [which] also dealt with UFOs. It was a small
one ... they had their own separate doors and entrance. We could get in
anywhere, Cl [counter-intelligence], anywhere, but not in that bloody
department. I remember they used to have an Air Ministry guard in the
passage - you couldn’t get past them. And they had the doors locked
from the inside. We could see the Provost Marshal’s top-secret files, but
yet I couldn’t get into the place dealing with UFOs .. .’23
The FCF was later based at RAF Rudloe Manor in Wiltshire, then the
headquarters of the Provost and Security Services. The Rudloe Site (where
I was arrested by Ministry of Defence Police in 1985 for snooping around
its perimeter, and interrogated by Roykl Navy personnel and then the civil
police) is located near Corsham, 100 miles from London. Until recent
years, it was the UK Government’s Emergency War Headquarters, with a
huge underground bunker, known by various code names, such as BURLINGTON, 
SUBTERFUGE and TURNSTILE, which could accommodate
over 4,000 people, including, of course, the Cabinet.
I learned via a source who had been contracted to conduct certain
scientific research into UFOs at a unit (presumably FCF) in Rudloe Manor
that in 1978 alone - one of the busiest years on record for UFO sightings
- £11 million had been appropriated to deal with the problem.
In the 1970s Dr Robert F. Creegan, former Professor of Philosophy at
the State University of New York, made a number of trips to Britain to
discuss aspects of the subject with various involved parties. ‘I did get the
impression,’ he told me, ‘that “pressure” applied by officials in the United
States was one of the causes for a British policy of giving so little information 
vis-d-vis the UFO problem.’ In an article for an American journal,
he was more forthcoming:
‘It was made evident to me that the British at that time desired to
please the US establishment. And it was strongly hinted that US officials
[were] making frantic efforts to suppress public interest ... UFOs alarm
the establishment because, whatever theory is correct, a major loss of
control is apprehended, associated with reports of objects which affect
mechanisms of control and which deeply puzzle and confuse both the
public and many of its would-be leaders.. ,’24

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Good, Timothy, Above Top Secret:The Worldwide UFO Cover-up, Sidgwick &
Jackson, London, 1987; William Morrow, New York, 1988. See also Beyond Top
Secret.
2. ‘Will Sputniks Solve Flying Saucer Puzzle?’ The Washington Daily News, 18
November 1957.
3. Richelson, Jeffrey T., America’s Secret Eyes in Space: The US Keyhole Satellite
Program, HarperCollins, 1990.
4. Scott, Irena, Ohio UFOs (and many others), Vol. 1, Greyden Press, Columbus,
Ohio, 1997, pp. 115-17.
5. ‘Burns Follows UFO Incident’, The APROBulletin, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1981, pp. 1-4.
6. UFO Cover-Up? Live, produced by Michael Seligman with LBS, 14 October 1988.
7. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Century, 1991. Published in
the US as Alien Contact: Top-Secret UFO Files Revealed, William Morrow, 1993.
8. Collins, Robert M. and Doty, Richard C., Exempt from	, Peregrine
Communications, 865 Helke Road, Vandalia, OH 45377, 2005, p. 177.
9. The APRO Bulletin, Vol. 30, No. 7.
10. Schuessler, John F., The Cash-Landrum UFO Incident, Geo Graphics Printing
Co., La Porte, Texas, 1998.
11. Greer, Steven M., Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the
Greatest Secrets in Modem History, Crossing Point, PO Box 265, Corzet, VA
22932, 2001, pp. 238-45. Additional information supplied by Commander Will
Miller Jr, USNR (retired).
12. Personal interview, Tampa, Florida, 12 April 2005.
13. Bamford, James, Body of Secrets: How America's NSA and Britain's GCHQ
Eavesdrop on the World, Century, London, 2001, p. 516.
14. tetter from the NSA’s information officer, 20 February 1976.
15. Fawcett, Lawrence and Greenwood, Barry J., Clear Intent: The Government
Coverup of the UFO Experience, Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey,
1984, pp. 181-2.
16. Memorandum Opinion and Order Granting Motion for Summary Judgment in
the US District Court, District of Columbia: Citizens Against UFO Secrecy
(Plaintiff) v. National Security Agency (Defendant), 18 November 1980.
17. Arkin, William M., Code Names: Deciphering US Military Plans, Programs, and
Operations in the 9/11 World, Steerforth Press, Hanover, NH 03755, 2005, p. 538.
18. US Government Accounting Office, GAO/NSLAD-96-64, Defense Industrial
Security.
19. Drake, Rufus (Robert F. Dorr), ‘Operation Ridicule*, UFO Report, Vol. 4, No. 6,
October 1977, pp. 16-19.
20. Blum, Howard, Out There: The Government's Secret Quest for Extraterrestrials,
Simon & Schuster, New York, 1990.
21. www.globalsecurity.org
22. Neilson, James (Anthony Kimery), ‘Secret US/UFO Structure’, UFO Magazine
(US), Vol. 15, No. 9, 2000, p. 28.
23. Good, op. cit.
24. See Above Top Secret and Beyond Top Secret.


CLAIM FOR DAMAGE,
INJURY, OR DEATH
Submit NAME AND ADDRESS OF CLAIMANT (number street, city, State and Zip C0de)Betty CashBase Staff Judge Advocate
Attn: Claime Officer
Alabama 35064 Bargsiron Air Force base 
Type of emplyment[]  Military[x] Civilian Age 535 Marital status Single NAME AND ADDRESS OF SPOUSE (Number, street, city, State and Zip Code)N/A
7 PLACE FOF ACCIDENTOn FH Road 1485 between New Caney and Huffaa
Texas-7 miles out of Hew Caney Texas (see diagram)S. DATE AND DAY OF ACCIDENTi December29'80
Monday9 TIME(A.M. or P.M.)between 9:00PM-9:30 PM10 AMOUNT OF CLAIMA. Proper damage                          b ................-0-                  $10 000 000.00c .............. claim                                                        d totalN/A                            $10 000 000.0011 description of accident 
the above time and place claimant was
driving a 1980 Olds autoaobile with two passengers, Vicki and Colby
Landrum, when they observed un unconventional aerial object. According
to the claimant, the object vas extremely bright and appeared to have
no distinct shape. The object was approximately 60-80 feet above the
road and appeared to be the size of a "city water tank". Furthermore
the object was surrounded by a glow and appeared to have red and orange
(continued on attached)12 property damagename and address of owner if other than claimant (number, street, city, State and Zip Code).
N/A
BREIF DESCRIPTION AND LOCATION OF PROPERTY AND ..... AND EXTENT OF DAMAGEN/A
13. PERSONAL INJURY Claimant, within hours of the close encounter with the unidentified flying object, began experiencing the following symptoms: extreme headache, nausea, swollen neck, red blotches appearing on face and head and swollen earlobes and eyelids. Within the next few days her health deteriorated rapidly.(continued on attached page)14 witnesses 
NAME address (numberm street, city State and Zip code)Mrs Vicki Landrum Master Colby Landrum Texas 77535
Texas 77535
16 Date of claimDecember 20, 1982

The US Department of Justice claim form filed by three witnesses who encountered
an experimental, apparently nuclear-powered craft, which irradiated them near
Huffman, Texas, on 29 December 1980. (From The Cash-Landrum UFO Incident
by John F. Schuessler, Geo Graphics Printing Co., La Porte, Texas, 1998)
(11. Description of Accident cont.)

flames emanating from the bottom. Claimant stopped her automobile since
the object was now blocking the road. Claimant and the two passengers
proceeded to leave the vehicle end look at the object which was now hovering
at treetop level approximately 135 feet from the people. Claimant experienced
intense and excruciating heat which appeared to be caused by the object.
After approximately five minutes claimant returned to her automobile and the
object appeared to move further away. Claimant proceeded to drive along
the road where approximately three miles away she observed what appeared to
her to be approximately 23 mil1tary-type helicopters, several of which
appeared to be double rotary type, in the general vicinity of the object.
Finally there came a time when both the object and helicopters disappeared.
(13. Personal Injury cont.)
Her eyes closed completely end she could not see for several days. The
red blotches became blisters of clear fluid. Claimant was unable to eat
and continued to suffer nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Four days after the
incident, claimant entered Parkway General Hospital in Houston. Texas where
she was treated and remained for twelve days. Furthermore claimant suffered
severe loss of hair and loss of fingernails. After being discharged, she
continued to suffer swellings, headaches and loss of appetite. A little
over a week later she returned to the hospital for an additional fifteen days
of treatment. During the following year claimant continued to have medical
problems including, but not limited to, recurring blisters, constant headache
and back pains, weight loss, chronic diarrhea and bowel problems.
Claimant experiences intense pain when she takes a hot bath and must take
cold baths. In October, November and December of 1931 Claimant was treated
at the Lloyd Nolend Foundation, Inc. (Hospital & Clinic) Fairfield, Alabama for
various ailments associated with her encounter with the object. As of the
date of this claim, claimant remains constantly tired continues to experience
recurring headaches, chronic diarrhea and associated bowel problems.
SUMMARY OF MEDICAL EFFECTS:  Erythema, acute photophiheleia , impared vision,
dystrophic changes in the nails, stomach pains, vomiting, diarrhea, anorexia,
loss of energy, lethargy, scarring and lose of pigmentation, excessive heir
loss, and hair regrowth of a different texture.
DIAGNOSIS: Radiation damage confined to the skin end the immediate subcutaneous
area. The type and dosage of radiation is unknown-probable radio dermatitis
secondary to ionising radiation.
DEGREE OF PERMANENT DISABILITY: Unknown at this time
PROGNOSIS:	Unknown at this time



TOP SECRET UMBRA 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Civil Action No
80-1562
CITIZENS AGAINST UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS SECRECY,
Plaintiff,
v.
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
Defendant
IN CAMERA
AFFIDAVIT OF EUGENE F. YEATES
County of Anne Arundel
State of Maryland
 sai
Eugene F. Yeatea, being duly sworn, deposes and says:
1.	(U) I am the Chief, Office of Policy, of the National
Security Agency (NSA). As Chief, Office of Policy, I am
responsible for processing all initial requests made pursuant
to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) for NSA records. The
statements herein are based upon personal knowledge, upon my
personal review of information available to me in my official
capacity, and upon conclusions reached in accordance therewith.
2.	(U) This affidavit supplements my unclassified affidavit
executed on September 30, 1980 regarding all documents which have
been located by NSA pursuant to plaintiff's FOIA request but
which have been withheld wholly or in part by NSA. I submit
this affidavit in camera for the purpose of stating facts, which
cannot be publicly disclosed, that are the basis for exempting
the records from release to the plaintiff.
3.  At the beginning of each paragraph of this
affidavit, the letter or letters within parentheses designate(s)
the degree of sensitivity of information the paragraph contains.
Two pages from the ‘above’ Top Secret 21-page affidavit by the National Security
Agency (9 October 1980) giving reasons why certain information pertaining to
UFO reports remains exempt from disclosure. When first released, a great deal of
information in the affidavit was deleted; years later, the NSA declassified additional
portions, such as may be seen here (page 11). (National Security Agency)
TOP SECRET UMBRAApproved for Release by NSA on 11-03-2005
pursuant to E.O. 12958, as amended TOP SECRET UMBRA
NSA25X1
NSA25X3
 c. Twelve NSA-originated COMIRT reports target   the communication links and systems of _______________________Two documents, in summary format, report the decrypted textof military communications. Two of e records are in messageformat and report the descrypted texts of ____________communica-tions which relate that an unidentified flying object wassighted in the air by a _________________________ unit. One report contains a summary of ____________ activity based upon communica-tions in reaction to an unidentified flying object along the___________________ Two documents report on communications transmitted between ______________________________ and ___________________ who report visual observation of luminous spheres. One report is a summary of transmission between ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Finally,four documents in this group of twelve were intercepted from other non-military communications targets. One document is basedon the intercepted transmission of a ____________________________reporting a bright light. The second record is based on the intercept of a transmission of an ____________________________toa ______________ station seeking a report on any shining phenomena or falling meteorites observed on specific dates. The third and fourth reports are a summaries of on-going debates on UFOs among________________ based on intercepted communications transmittedon _____________ nets.	d. Five of the NSA-originated COMINT reports target government net communications ____________ All five of these documents are based on intercepted military communications between ________ units and __________ commanders reporting observa-tions of luminous objects in the sky.11
 TOP SECRET UMBRA


N M C C
THE NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND CENTER
WASHINGTON. D.C.. 2030121 Jenuary 1976
		0630	DST
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
Subject:	Report	of UFO - Cannon AFB NM
Reference:	AFOC	Phonecon	21055	EST Jan 76
The following information was received from the Air Force
Operations Center at 0555 EST:
"Two UFOs are reported near the flight line at Cannon AFB,
New Mexico. Security Police observing there reported them UFOs
to be 25 yards in diameter, gold or silver in color with blue
light op top, hole in the middle and red light on bottom. Air Force is checking with radar. Additionally, checking weather
inversion data."
/
Rear Admiral, USN
Deputy Director for
Operations, NMCC

A memorandum from the Pentagon’s National Military Command Center reporting
the observation of UFOs at Cannon AFB, New Mexico, in January 1976.
(National Military Command Center via William L. Moore)
J. B. MORIN


=====================================================================
23. INTRUSIONS AND INCURSIONS IN THE USSR

At around 04:00 on 20 September 1977, over 170 witnesses, including
border guards and militia, observed a large, glowing cigar-shaped object
which was raining down beams of light. It hovered for some fifteen minutes
before heading off towards the Finnish border with the USSR. Soviet Air
Force Colonel Boris Sokolov, who headed the Ministry of Defence’s
investigation into the case, revealed that the object had been seen over a
wide area for at least four hours before the foregoing observation.1
‘I found out that a large group of military men had witnessed the
event about several hundred kilometres from Petrosovodsk, in one of the
border regions,’ Sokolov told television producer Lawrence Moore in 1994.
‘When they tried to report it, using their usual field communications -
they had telephones and cable lines, radio and short-wave - none of the
links had worked. After the incident, which had lasted for several hours
over Petrosovodsk, and a little shorter period of time over the border area,
all communications were suddenly restored.’2

‘INSTITUTE 22’

So concerned was the military about such a potential threat that a unique,
state-funded, military and scientific research project was initiated, involving
the cooperation of the Ministry of Defence and the USSR Academy of
Sciences. The top-secret investigation, established in 1978, was later code-
named ‘Institute 22’. ‘The Armed Forces were ordered to study what, if any,
influences possible UFOs might have on the proper functioning of military
technical equipment,’ explained Alexander Plaksin, one of the scientists
involved in the project. ‘No-one was told the purpose of the reports.’3
‘The Ministry issued an order which named special officers in military
units and regions that were given the responsibility of watching out for
abnormal phenomena,’ explained Colonel Sokolov. ‘Over six million participated, 
and during this period the rank-and-file personnel changed three
times ... and the whole of the Soviet Union was involved.’4
351
Yuri Andropov, the former short-term Soviet President and long-time
chief of the KGB (now the SVR - Foreign Intelligence Service), had an
acute interest in the subject, and kept a file in his desk. According to one
of his aides, Igor Sinitsin, it was Andropov who ordered the thirteen-year
programme, which required four million soldiers to monitor sightings.5
(The six-million figure cited by Sokolov may have included civil servants.)
‘Thousands of reports involving millions of witnesses were funnelled to
Sokolov, including forty or more incidents in which Russian warplanes
engaged UFOs,’ reports television journalist George Knapp, who interviewed 
Sokolov in Moscow. ‘Three of those planes crashed and two pilots
were killed. In one disturbing case, UFOs manoeuvred over a Russian
nuclear-missile base and manipulated the launch codes.’6
That incident - which occurred on 4 October 1982 at an intercontinental
ballistic missile (ICBM) silo at Byelokoroviche, Soviet Ukraine - brought the
world to the brink of nuclear war. At around 18:00, soldiers and villagers
saw a large, geometrically-shaped object, apparendy nearly 3,000 feet in
diameter, hovering in the sky over the silo. Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir
Plantonev, a missile engineer, described the UFO as having a completely even
surface, with no visible portholes.7 Simultaneously, inside the missile silo, an
emergency warning light mdicated that a nuclear missile had switched to
launch mode. ‘The communications officer said that somehow, something
had entered the correct code,’ reported Knapp. ‘But Moscow had not ordered
a launch, nor had any personnel in the bunker touched the control panel.
For fifteen agonizing seconds, technicians frantically scrambled to stop the
launch. Then, without explanation, the launch sequence was aborted.’ No
faults with the equipment were found by investigators from Institute 22.8

AIR DEFENCE INCIDENTS

According to Paul Stonehill, on an unspecified date in 1982 a Soviet MiG-
21 jet disappeared during a routine flight in a militarized zone of Byelorussia.
‘The following day, the aircraft reappeared from nowhere and landed. The
on-board clock indicated the time of its disappearance, as if it had vanished.
The plane could not have remained in the air without refuelling. The pilot
claimed he knew nothing of the incident.’9
A Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) message in December 1989,
previously classified Secret, refers to a number of UFO reports by Soviet
Air Force personnel, of which the most interesting involved a MiG-23
(NATO code name Flogger):
In the spring of 1984, a friend [censored] was sent by the regimental
commander to intercept an object which had been observed flying
near Mikha Tskhakaya [Gruzinskaya] airfield at a supersonic speed.
However, the object did not make a sonic boom as it flew north to
south over the base. The pilot, flying a MiG-23/Flogger in full
afterburner at Mach 1.2 was unable to close on the object.
By the time both MiG-23 and unidentified object approached the
coastline of the Black Sea, the Flogger was approaching Mach 1.6. The
pilot activated his infrared search and track system (IRSTS) approximately 
12 km from the target and observed the largest bloom he had
ever seen on his indicator. The pilot immediately reported this information 
to the controller.
By the time he reached a speed of nearly Mach 2, the pilot had to
break off the intercept due to low fuel. The pilot never acquired a
visual identification of the object. The MiG’s altitude during the chase
was 5,000 m.
Another report in the DIA message cites an undated incident involving
an ‘ellipse-shaped object’ sighted by several aircrews more than 20 kilometres 
from their position, during night flights in the Azerbaijan area.
‘The aircrew were unable to acquire a radar contact on the object. All
of the pilots [who] observed the object were instructed to land immediately. 
The crews were ordered never to discuss the object they had
observed.’ (See p. 365.)
In October 1991, following a request from Russian cosmonaut Pavel
Popovich, the KGB/SVR declassified a number of documents from its so-
called ‘Blue Folder’. This material was obtained by Vadim K. Ilyin from the
late Vyacheslav Shtyepa, of the Ufological Committee of the Russian
Geographical Society. One of the documents relates to an encounter
sometime in 1984 in the Turkestan Military District, when radar at an antiaircraft 
unit near Astrakhan tracked an unknown target flying along the
Caspian Sea coastline at 2,000 metres altitude.
The spherical-shaped target did not respond to interrogations. ‘Two
fighters were scrambled, but all attempts to shoot it down failed,’ reports
Ilyin. ‘Moreover, when the object was fired at, it descended to 100 metres
above the ground [thus] making further firing by the fighters impossible
... despite the firing, the speed of the UFO did not change.’ Photographs
were taken from the ground as the object passed over the locations of
several military units.
When the UFO approached Krasnovodsk, a helicopter gunship was
sent up in another attempt to shoot it down. Immediately, the UFO
climbed swiftly to an altitude beyond the helicopter’s reach. After using up
all their shells, the helicopter pilots landed, and the UFO made a sharp
turn and disappeared out to sea.
Another incident occurred in Krasnovodsk in 1985, according to the
Blue Folder, when an air-defence radar station tracked an unknown object
at an altitude of 20,000 metres. ‘Its diameter was about 1,000 metres!’
reports Ilyin. ‘The object did not move, but after some time a small disc
[with] a diameter of approximately five metres flew out of the large object
[and] landed at the Krasnovodsk spit.’ A flotilla of patrol-boats headed to
the landing site, but when they were some 100 metres from the small UFO,
it took off and flew to a distance of about a kilometre. Patrol-boats
approached the UFO again, and again it flew away from them. This
happened five times. Finally, the smaller object shot skywards and was seen
(on radar) to rejoin its ‘mother-ship’, whereupon the giant craft disappeared 
into space.10
In 1996, General Igor Maltsev, former Chief of Staff for Air Defences,
disclosed to George Knapp that the Russian Air Forces had a standing
order that UFOs were not to be fired upon because ‘they’ may have
tremendous capacities for retaliation’. Knapp also learned from another
source that the Russian Air Force continues to study the UFOs in a
classified programme code-named ‘Thread 3’. ‘The officer, who was the
coordinator of the study, said the Russian military had long ago concluded
that UFOs represented technology from an advanced civilization, possibly
extraterrestrial.’11

INTRUSIONS AT MILITARY BASES

On the night of 28-29 July 1989, unknown disc-shaped objects were
reported by Soviet Army personnel at a weapons depot and at another
military base in the district of Kapustin Yar, Astrakhan. ‘It was determined,’
says the hitherto secret KGB case summary, ‘that the reported characteristics
of the observed UFOs are: disc 2-5 metres diameter, with a half-sphere on
top, which is lit brightly. It moved sometimes abruptly, but noiselessly, at
times coming down and hovering over the ground at an altitude of 20-60
metres. The command of [censored] called for a fighter [from the base at
Akhtubinsk] but it was unable to see it in detail, because the UFO did not
let the aircraft come near it.’
One witness, Private Bashev, said that as the object flew over him, it
‘divided itself into three shining points and took the shape of a triangle’.
Ensign Valery N. Voloshin, communications officer on duty, observed the
object for two hours, together with Private Tishchayev. ‘One could clearly
see a powerful blinking signal [like] a camera flash in the sky,’ reported
Voloshin.
The object flew over the unit’s logistics yard and moved in the
direction of the rocket-weapons depot, 300 metres away [and] hovered
over the depot at a height of 20 metres. The UFO’s hull shone with
a dim green light... While the object was hovering over the depot, a
bright beam appeared from the bottom of the disc, where the flash
had been before, and made two or three circles, lighting the corner of
one of the buildings [see plate section] ... then the beam disappeared,
and the object, still flashing, moved in the direction of the railway
station ... Then it returned to the rocket-weapons depot and hovered
over it...
At 01:30, the object flew in the direction of Akhtubinsk before disappearing.
12 (See p. 363.)
There are two parallels in this case with the Rendlesham Forest incident,
in that the craft ‘divided itself, and directed beams of light at the weapons
depot. To me, these and many other similar intrusions are clear evidence
of a comprehensive, strategic surveillance of the stockpiles and capabilities
of our weapons.

THE LANDINGS AT VORONEZH

During the last two weeks of September 1989, in Voronezh, Russia, a UFO
was observed by thousands of people, over thirty of whom claim to have
witnessed landings (on at least four occasions) of an unknown craft,
together with a giant, silver-suited humanoid and a ‘robot’. One of these
landings occurred in the city’s South Park. This sensational story attracted
worldwide attention - most of it inaccurate and ridiculous.
Jacques Vallee, the well-known author who investigated the case,
reported that various engineers and authorities (including the KGB) had
established that an unknown object, leaving impressions in the ground
indicating an approximate weight of 11 tonnes, had indeed landed, and
that an increase in background radiation (as in the Rendlesham Forest
case) was detected at the site.13

OFFICIAL SOVIET RECOGNITION - AND A TRAGEDY

In an official statement, General Igor Maltsev, Chief of the General Staff of
the PVO (Air Defence Forces), admitted that over a hundred observations
of UFOs, mostly by pilots, had been reported to him on 21 March 1990. In
referring to one such case, he stated that:
The UFO was a disc with a diameter of 100 to 200 metres [and] two
pulsating lights were positioned at its sides ... During vertical movement 
it rotated and was perpendicular to the ground [and] rotated
around its axis and performed an ‘S-turn’ flight, both in the horizontal
and vertical planes. Next, the UFO hovered above the ground and
then flew with a speed exceeding that of the modern-day fighter by
two or three times [and its] speed was directly related to the flashing
of the side lights: the more often they flashed, the higher the speed ...
The movement of the UFO was not accompanied by sound of any
kind, and was distinguished by its startling manoeuvrability [as
though] completely devoid of inertia.14
On 26 April 1990, President Mikhail Gorbachev was questioned about
the subject during a meeting with workers in the Urals. ‘The phenomenon
of UFOs is real,’ he proclaimed, ‘and we should approach it seriously and
study it.’15
General Ivan Tretiak, then Deputy Minister of Defence, argued sensibly
that if it was proven that some UFOs were from a more developed
civilization than our own, ‘any fight with such objects and their crews -
before a clarification of their intentions - would be futile’.16 Alas, this
warning was not heeded in the following instance.
Turkmenistan is one of the Turkic republics of the former Soviet
Union. According to military witnesses, on 25 May 1990, during daytime,
a giant disc-shaped craft, estimated to be 300 metres in diameter, reddish-
orange in colour and with what looked like portholes around the rim,
hovered at some 1,000 metres above the town of Mary.
‘The airspace in that region was under strict control at the time, due to
the war in Afghanistan,’ reported my friend Nikolay Lebedev, an engineer,
journalist and one of Russia’s leading UFO investigators.
All Soviet Air Defence forces were divided into regional Air Defence
armies: the area around Mary was under the control of the 12th Air
Defence Army, whose Air Defence division was under the command
of Colonel Anatoli Kurkchy.
When informed about the UFO, Kurkchy gave the order to fire
three ground-to-air missiles at it. The UFO made a slight horizontal
manoeuvre, and three beams of light which had been coming from its
port side disintegrated the missiles. Colonel Kurkchy then gave the
order to scramble two 2-seat interceptor aircraft. But at a point about
1,000 metres from the disc, they appeared to be thrown to the ground,
killing the pilots and destroying the aircraft.
Kurkchy was immediately removed from his post by the Army
Command, and proceedings'7 were instituted against him by military
prosecutors of the 12th Air Defence Army. However, according to my
source, who spoke to the military prosecutor’s department, the investigations 
were suddenly halted, and all information connected with
the event was made secret. Later I learned that the squadron in
which the four pilots served was disbanded.
Nikolay’s article on the tragedy appeared in a St Petersburg evening
paper, though the editor deleted some relevant details.18 Many interesting
telephone calls ensued, one of which was from General Kremenchuk of the
local Air Defence staff, who flatly denied the story. Had it been true, he
said, he would have learned about it. He promised to call the Air Defence
division in the Mary region, and asked Nikolay to call him back the
following week. ‘General Kremenchuk informed me not only that the Air
Defence division had no record of any incidents connected with UFOs or
crashed aircraft, but that there was no one in the service by the name of
Colonel Kurkchy.’
Another call came from a lieutenant-colonel (name known to me)
serving under Kremenchuk. ‘Although unable to confirm or deny the
information contained in my article,’ said Nikolay, ‘he told me that Colonel
Kurkchy did in fact exist, and was now commander of the Air Defence
division in the large island of Novaja Zemla (New Land). This Arctic
territory has the second largest proving ground for nuclear weapons in the
Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), [thus] it was impossible for
me to get an interview with Kurkchy.
‘I should add that if military personnel are required to remain silent
about top-secret matters, the KGB compel such personnel to sign an official
document which includes a warning that, in the event of the security oath
being broken, they will be executed without any preliminary judicial
inquiry.’19

RUSSIAN RADAR COMPLEX ATTACKED

Shortly after midnight on 13 September 1990, at a radar station near
Kuybyshev (now reverted to its original name of Samara), 800 kilometres
east-south-east of Moscow, Major A. Duplin observed a large target at a
range of no more than 100 kilometres. At 00:10, the target was observed on
the screen to ‘scatter’, and then, at 42 kilometres range, it changed into a
strong signal representing an isosceles triangle. As the target came closer,
the underground command post ordered a team to investigate, headed by
Captain P. Lazeiko. As the men came out of the underground bunker,
an unknown object passed directly over them, at a height of no more than
10 metres.
‘We could see it clearly, since the perimeter of the base is always lit by
searchlights,’ explained Lazeiko. ‘The bottom of the object was smooth, but
not mirror-like: it was like a thick layer of soot. We did not notice any
openings, portholes or landing gear, but we saw three whitish-blue beams
of light. The corners of the object were slightly rounded.’
According to Senior Sergeant B. Gorin, Commander of the Guard, who
was in the guardroom, Corporal A. Blazhis, a sentry, could not be contacted
at post No. 4. At 00:20 Gorin sent two soldiers to investigate. There was no
sign of Blazhis. On learning this, Gorin gave the order ‘To arms!’ and
organized a search. Half an hour later it was reported that Blazhis had
disappeared, together with another sentry, A. Varenitsa.
‘After this report,’ said Major Duplin, ‘I decided to scan the unidentified 
object [on radar], which had apparendy landed near the fence by the
short-range radar post [No. 12]. I had time to notice on the radar screen
that just after the triangular object disappeared [from radar coverage]
sources of [radar] radiation could still be seen at the ends of where the
triangle had been.’
Captain Lazeiko reported that as he ran up to post No. 12, he saw a
flash, and the aerials’ antennae appeared to be on fire, ‘as if made of wood’.
Another witness, Corporal S. Dudnik, described the event as follows:
I was standing on duty at post No. 6 and saw the arrival of a large,
black triangular flying object, each side about 15 metres in length. It
landed - not too quickly - with a soft rustling sound. The thickness of
the triangle was about three metres. The flash, which knocked down
the aerial behind me, came from the centre of the side of the object.
There were no openings that I could see, but it seemed to be aiming
at the target - and I was directly in the firing line! Strangely, I did not
come to any harm ...
P. Beshmetov ran up to Dudnik when the fire started. ‘He was standing
near the barbed wire barrier with his Tommy-gun directed to the large
triangle, which was 100 metres from the barbed wire [see sketch, p. 364]. I
prepared to shoot, too/ said Beshmetov. ‘The triangle took off after one-
and-a-half hours, and the Commander of the Guard ordered all the soldiers
back to their posts and to check the barrier. The colour of the radar truck
[was] dark green, but afterwards its paint became black and blistered. Some
parts of the truck had melted. The upper aerial had broken away [and] was
three metres away from the truck. All its steel parts had melted, with the
exception of the aluminium dish itself...’
When I came up to the storehouse, out came Corporal Blazhis. He
was very surprised to see me walking along his post. I asked him where
he had been for such a long time. He began to laugh, and said that as
he was going to phone to report to Sergeant A. Romanov, he suddenly
lost his memory ... Simultaneously, A. Varenitsa, the other missing
sentry, also appeared at his post. He too remembered nothing, and is
convinced that all the time he remained at his post. In his opinion, it
was as if we all appeared to them in an instantaneous film - suddenly
soldiers appeared with Tommy-guns.
‘The watches of corporals Blazhis and Varenitsa were one hour and
fifty-seven minutes slow, and one hour and forty minutes slow, respectively.
In addition, the serial numbers of Blazhis’ Tommy-gun and bayonet were
completely wiped out.’ The ground at the site appeared as if it had been
subjected to an explosion. According to witnesses, the object did not
actually land, but hovered just above the ground.
These extraordinary events were reported by Captain D. Rudzit in the
military newspaper Za Rodinu (Red Star), and taken up by the national
newspapers.20 Later that month it was explained in the press that the
deputy chief of Za Rodinu had been summoned to the headquarters of
the military district commander, General Makashov, and that Captain
Rudzit, the military correspondent who first reported the story, now
denied the incident. In November, all interest in the story dissolved when
General Ivan Tretiak, Deputy Minister of Defence, debunked it as a ‘hoax
thought up by a staff member of the newspaper in order to attract
readers.. ,’21
Nikolai Lebedev learned from Emil Bachurin, another investigator, that
the story was not a hoax. A colonel known to Bachurin was invited to the
radar complex not long after a visit there by a Ministry of Defence commission 
on 18 September. ‘The colonel was informed that the upper aerial of
radar post No. 12, and its instruments, were taken away by the commission,
to be studied by the Scientific Research Department of the Ministry of
Defence‘ reports Lebedev. ‘The colonel personally was shown videotapes
from the radar screen, and the site where the incident had taken place. After
having spoken to all the witnesses, he concluded that the incident did
indeed happen as initially reported.’22

REPORTS BY COSMONAUTS AND AIR FORCE PILOTS

On 28 September 1990, two weeks after the Kuybyshev incident, cosmonauts 
on board the Mir space station, Gennadi M. Manakov and Gennadi
M. Strekalov, were asked by journalist Leonid Lazarevich about ‘the most
interesting natural phenomena’ to be seen on Earth from space.
‘Well yesterday, for example,’ responded Manakov, ‘I saw - if one may
call it that - an unidentified flying object. We had just passed over the
Newfoundland region ...’
It was a great, silvery sphere [and] it was iridescent [at] 22:50. There
was an absolutely clean, clear sky. It is difficult to determine, but the
object was at a great altitude over the Earth - perhaps 20-30 kilometres.
It was much larger than a huge ship [and] had a regular shape, but
what it was, I don’t know; perhaps an enormous, experimental sphere,
or something else23... I was observing it for about six or seven seconds,
then it disappeared.... It was simply hovering over the Earth.24
Many sightings have been reported by Soviet cosmonauts (see, for
example, The Soviet UFO Files by Paul Stonehill, details of which appear in
the reference section).
On 8 October 1990, two huge unidentified targets were tracked on
radar over the vicinity of Grozniy, near Tbilisi, Georgia, according to S.
Prokoshin, commander of the local air-defence unit. An interceptor jet was
sent to investigate. ‘At 11:27 I was given the co-ordinates of the target, and
the task of locating it,’ reported the pilot, Major P. Riabishev. ‘According
to the command unit, the object was at an altitude of 4.5 kilometres. The
weather was cloudless and visibility fine, but the search proved to be in
vain. I informed the command unit, and then made a turn and headed
back to base. Suddenly, something forced me to turn round.'
Behind me and to the right, I saw two cigar-shaped objects, of
considerable dimensions. The length of the first was about two
kilometres, the length of the second about 400 metres. They were
positioned one beside the other and were clearly visible. The small
object [was] reflecting the Sun; while the larger one looked dull ...
the UFOs were moving sideways at great speed. I made a turn and
began to approach them, but suddenly both targets disappeared
instantly from my field of vision, although traces of the targets
remained on the radar screen.25
During the Geneva summit conference of November 1985, President
Ronald Reagan told Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev ‘how much easier his
task and mine might be in these meetings that we held if suddenly there
was a threat to this world from another species from another planet outside
in the universe. We’d forget all the little local differences that we have
between our countries, and we would find out once and for all that we
really are all human beings here on this Earth together.. ,’26
And, as mentioned in Chapter 18, President Mikhail Gorbachev confirmed 
that sentiment during the same summit conference, ‘The US President 
said that, if the Earth faced an invasion by extraterrestrials, the United
States and the Soviet Union would join forces to repel such an invasion ...’

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security , Sidgwick
& Jackson, London, 1996, pp. 276-7.
2. Network First: UFO, produced (with Livia Russell), written and directed by
Lawrence Moore, Central Productions for Central Television, 10 January 1995.
3. Soviet UFO Secrets Revealed, produced for the History Channel by Bill Brummell
Productions, Inc.
4. Network First: UFO.
5. Walsh, Nick Paton, ‘KGB chief ordered 4m soldiers to keep watching the skies for
UFOs’, Observer, 23 March 2003.
6. Knapp, George, ‘UFOs Over Russia: Don’t Believe Everything You Hear’, UFO
Magazine (US), Vol. 14, No. 4, April 1999, pp. 24-31.
7. Stonehill, Paul, The Soviet UFO Files, Bramley Books, Quadrillion Publishing Ltd,
Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1XW, UK, 1998, p. 81.
8. Soviet UFO Secrets Revealed.
9. Stonehill, op. cit., p. 91.
10. Ilyin, Vadim K., ‘KGB’s “Blue Folder” reveals shootings, landings in USSR’,
MUFON UFO Journal, No. 403, November 2001, pp. 8-9.
11. Knapp, op. cit., p. 28.
12. KGB file: ‘Communication on Observation of Anomalous Event in the District of
Kapustin Yar (28 July 1989)’, translated by Dimitri Ossipov, Aura-Z, Vol. 1, No.
1, March 1993, pp. 19-20.
13. Vall6e, Jacques, with Castello, Martine, UFO Chronicles of the Soviet Union: A
Cosmic Samizdat, Ballantine, New York, 1992, pp. 40-61.
14. Rabochaya Tribuna (Workers Tribune), Moscow, 19 April 1990.
15. Sovietskaya Molodezhi (Soviet Youth), 4 May 1990.
16. Foreign Press Note, published by the CIA’s Foreign Broadcast Information Service
(FBIS), 2 January 1991.
17. Under Paragraph 1, Item 5 of the Turkmenistan Criminal Procedures Code.
18. Vechemi Petersburg, 17 November 1991.
19. Lebedev, Nikolai, ‘Important Developments in the Former Soviet Union’, Alien
Update, ed. Timothy Good, Arrow, London, 1993, pp. 184-6.
20.	Pravda, 11 October 1990.
21. Literatumaya Gazeti, 7 November 1990.
22. Lebedev, Nikolai, ‘The Soviet Scene 1990’, The UFO Report 1992, ed. Timothy
Good, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1991, pp. 73-8.
23. Sovietskaya Molodezhi, 2 November 1990.
24. Rabochaya Tribuna, 16 October 1990.
25. Rabochaya Tribuna, 20 October 1990.
26. Daily Telegraph, London, 5 December 1985.


On the night of 28-29 July 1989, disc-shaped objects were reported by Soviet Army
personnel at a weapons depot, and at another military base in the district of Kapustin
Yar, Astrakhan. This sketch shows a disc as it beamed a ray at the rocket-weapons
depot, during a two-hour observation by Ensign V. Voloshin and Private Tishchayev.
The proportions of the craft are not quite accurate in this sketch - the top section
consisted of a half sphere. (AURA-Z, No.l, March 1993)


The introduction to a previously secret KGB report on the event.
(Magazin 2000, Verlag Michael Hesemann, D-40211 Dusseldorf)


A sketch of one of the aerial devices seen over Belgium by several thousand witnesses,
including Belgian Air Force pilots, between 1989-1990. This one was seen over Mazy
on 11 December 1989. (Gerard Grede)


A sketch by investigator Nikolai Lebedev of the triangular craft that landed at a
Russian radar complex near Kuybyshev/Samara on the night of 13 September 1990.
During this event, a radar post was severely damaged by a beam of light which passed
through Corporal Dudnik - with no apparent effect - and two sentries disappeared
temporarily. (Nikolai Lebedev)


OBJECT8. (6/NF/WN)  UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT. IN THE SPRING OF 1984, A FRIEND
■■■■■ WAS SENT BY TOE REGIMENTAL COMMANDER TO INTERCEPT AN
OBJECT WHICH HAD BEEN OBSERVED FLYING NEAR MIKHA TSKHAKAYA AIRFIELD
AT A SUPERSONIC SPEED. HOWEVER, THE OBJECT DID NOT MAKE A SONIC
BOOM AS IT FLEW NORTH TO SOUTH OVER THE BASE. THE PILOT, FLYING A
MIG-23/FLOGGER IN FULL AFTERBURNER AT MACH 1.2 WAS UNABLE TO CLOSE
ON THE OBJECT. BY THE TIME BOTH MIG-23 AND UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT
APPROACHED THE COASTLINE OF THE BLACK SEA, THE FLOGGER WAS
APPROACHING MACH 1.6. THE PILOT ACTIVATED HIS INFRARED SEARCH AND
TRACK SYSTEM (IRSTS) APPROXIMATELY 12 KM FROM THE TARGET AND
OBSERVED THE LARGEST BLOOM HE HAD EVER SEEN ON HIS INDICATOR. THE
A Defense Intelligence Agency report on sightings and interceptions of UFOs by
Soviet Air Force pilots in 1984. (Defense Intelligence Agency)
SECRETNOFORN WNINTELPAGE:0023
PILOT IMMEDIATELY REPORTED THIS INFORMATION TO THE CONTROLLER. BY
THE TIME THE REACHED A SPEED OF NEARLY MACH 2, THE PILOT HAD TO
BREAK OFF THE INTERCEPT DUE TO LOW FUEL. THE PILOT NEVER ACQUIRED A
VISUAL IDENTIFICATION OF THE OBJECT. THE MIG-23'S ALTITUDE DURING THE CHASE WAS 500 M.C. (6NF/WN) ELLIPSE SHAPED OBJECT.DURING NIGHT FLIGHTS IN THE
AZERBAJDZHAN AREA, SEVERAL AIRCREWS REPORTED AN ELLIPSE SHAPED
OBJECT FLYING MORE THAN 20 KM FROM THEM WHICH EMITTED A LIGHT IN ONE DIRECTION. ________________________________________________________________________________________THE AIRCREW WERE UNABLE TO ACQUIRE A RADAR
CONTACT ON THE OBJECT. ALL OF THE PILOTS WHICH OBSERVED THE
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT WERE INSTRUCTED TO LAND IMMEDIATELY. TOE CREWS
WERE ORDERED TO NEVER DISCUSS THE OBJECT THEY HAD OBSERVED.
COMMENTS://IPSP: (U) PT 1820.//.
//COMSOBJ: (U) 324//.
ADMIN
PROJ: (U) 140110.
INSTR: (U)PREP: (U)ACQ: (U) WASH DC (891022).
WARNING: (U) REPORT CLASSIFIED   S E C R E T   WARNING NOTICE INTELLIGENCE SOURCES AND METHODS INVOLVED NOT RELEASE TO FOREIGN NATIONALSDECL QADRBTtwcr mw.
BT
#0224

A Defense Intelligence Agency report on sightings and interceptions of UFOs by
Soviet Air Force pilots in 1984. (Defense Intelligence Agency)


============================================================================
24. THE BRAZILIAN THEATRE

According to information supplied in 1999 to Rubens Villela, a Brazilian
meteorologist, the Brazilian Air Force (For^a Aerea Brazilia) detects an
average of five UFOs a day. ‘They know how to distinguish radar echoes by
their speed, sometimes 40,000 km/h and 600 metres or more in size,’ he
revealed to me.
In 1977, Lieutenant-Colonel Uyrange Hollanda, then a captain in the
Intelligence Service of the First Air Force Command (1 COMAR) in Belem,
was sent to investigate disturbing reports in Colares and other remote areas
of north-east Brazil.	Code-named Opera^ao Prato (Operation Plate), the
	investigations lasted	four months. During this time, Hoilanda’s team,
together with a team of intelligence officers, interviewed people from thirty
villages in the area who had been burned and temporarily paralysed by
beams of coloured light directed at them from unknown flying objects. At
least two people died as a result of these attacks.
On numerous occasions, Hollanda and his team themselves experienced
sightings, occasionally involving close approaches by structured craft. In
November 1977 an	object suddenly appeared above the men. ‘I was
	terrified,’ Hollanda told investigators Bob Pratt and Cynthia Luce. ‘Suddenly 
a big disc-shaped object 30 metres in diameter was hovering directly
above us! It made a noise like an air conditioner [and] a sound like a
bicycle sprocket when you pedal backwards. It was emitting a yellow glow
that would grow and dim, every two or three seconds [and] we could see
small yellow fights in the middle of it.’ Eventually the object shot off
towards the sea, the fights having turned to a fight blue.
Hollanda’s team interviewed fishermen from Colares who had seen
USOs going in and out of the water, and blue fights moving around
underwater. Hollanda himself observed one such USO. The team also took
hundreds of photographs of the objects, mostly at night-time, using special
filters and ultraviolet and infrared film. Eight different shapes of object
could be discerned from these images. On one occasion another shape was
seen by Hollanda and his men, near Baia do Sol. ‘It was maybe 100 metres
long with windows in it,’ he said, ‘and (flying saucers) would come out of
it and later go back in ... Shortly after we began seeing these things, our
eyesight started to deteriorate, slowly at first. We ended up, most of us,
having to wear glasses.’
Operation Plate was classified, and Hollanda was forbidden from
speaking publicly while in the Air Force. ‘The Brazilian government and
the Air Force were not interested in publicizing the subject, because three
questions often were made to the government and the Air Force: Who are
they? Where do they come from? What do they want? And the Air Force
did not have any answers .. .’*

THE DEVIL’S GRAVEYARD

In late 1981, incidents of objects flying in and out of the Amazon River
were reported some 400 miles to the west of Colares, in an area known as
the ‘Devil’s Graveyard’. ‘All the evidence points to a base beneath the
Amazon,’ said Charles Tucker, director of the Indiana-based International
UFO Investigative Bureau, who had led an expedition to the area to
investigate reports of objects which were flying in and out of the river (12
miles wide and 200 feet deep in places). These objects had buzzed fishing
vessels and passenger boats so close that witnesses had seen water dripping
from the metallic skin of the strange craft; they had burned a thirty-seven-
year-old female farm worker with a beam of light, necessitating hospital
treatment, and knocked out a hunter with a shock from a powerful light
beam after he tried to shoot at one of them.
One night, schoolteacher Noemi Rodrigues was on board a boat when
the water began to swirl and bubble. It was, she said, ‘as though a huge
burst of air was escaping from the river. Suddenly, from the centre of the
turmoil, a saucer-shaped craft shot from the water. A wave of air and
water surged toward us, shocking and frightening people. The craft left
the water without lights, although we could see it by the moonlight. Then
it settled about 10 feet above the water and a brilliant light surrounded it.’
After following the boat for twenty to thirty minutes, the craft banked and
dived into the water. ‘It happened in a flash,’ said Noemi. ‘There was a
rush and a swirl in the water, and it was gone.’
The Devil’s Graveyard forms an elongated triangle, the three comers of
which are anchored by the towns of Obidos, Monte Alegre and Santares -
all on the banks of the Amazon. ‘There have been hundreds of sightings
here,’ declared a police commissioner. ‘On various occasions, high-placed
military personnel have come to document what has happened. We are
convinced that UFOs actually take off and land at an underwater base.’
Retired Brazilian Army General Alfredo Moacyr Uchda commented: ‘Our
Air Force has impressive evidence that an underwater UFO launching site
exists in this area.’2
General Uchda, whom I met in Rio de Janeiro in 1988, was a former
deputy director of the Military Academy of Brazil. He had many close
encounters, including communication with UFOs, in the late 1960s and
early 1970s - always in the company of witnesses - in the vicinity of
AlexcLnia and Goidnia, near Brasilia. Uchda learned that many groups visit
Earth. ‘Most, but not all, mean us no harm,’ he declared in one of his
books. ‘But others don’t care about us; they are indifferent. They want to
study our planet, our living conditions, our animals, our plants and so on,
without paying any attention to us as responsible men. So, sometimes they
can be aggressive .. .’3

A UNIQUE SURGICAL PROCEDURE

On the night of 12/13 January 1996, the North American Aerospace Defense
Command (NORAD) tracked a number of uncorrelated targets over the
western hemisphere, one or more of which had penetrated Brazilian
airspace. NORAD contacted CINDACTA, the combined military-civilian
agency controlling airspace in Brazil, who immediately alerted the Army
Command (ESA) in Tres Coracoes.
On the morning of 13 January, a witness claimed to have seen a cigarshaped 
craft, apparently seriously damaged, flying slowly at low altitude.
He gave chase in his pick-up truck for some 10 miles, and came upon a
site strewn with debris, which was being collected by armed soldiers. He
was ordered to leave and later warned by two men in civilian clothes not
to talk to anyone about what he had seen.
A week later, in the small hours of 20 January, two witnesses reported
a ‘submarine-shaped’ craft, apparently in difficulties, with smoke or vapour
emanating from it, at only 15 to 20 feet above the ground, heading in the
direction of Varginha. At daylight, a number of strange creatures were seen
wandering about by witnesses in various parts of the town. Initially, firemen
from the Varginha City Fire Department (which is run by the Military
Police) were called out, followed by the Army, and two of the creatures
were captured separately, without resistance. One of the creatures is
believed to have been shot and killed.
One creature was taken to ESA, while another, injured one was taken
first to the local regional hospital, and later to the more secluded Hospital
Humanitas, as confirmed by numerous witnesses. The injured creature was
examined by fifteen doctors at the Hospital Humanitas. Among the Brazilian 
military personnel present were Lieutenant-Colonel Olimpio Vanderlei
Santos, Lieutenant Tiberio, Captain Ramirez and Sergeant Pedrosa of S-2
Military Intelligence, who filmed some scenes with a camcorder.4
Dr Roger Leir is an American podiatrist (chiropodist) and private pilot
who has authored several books, including The Aliens and the Scalpel about
alleged alien implants he has surgically removed from a number of people.5
(In the US, podiatrists are trained in orthopaedic and general surgery.) The
implants are small objects exhibiting unusual properties and are believed to
have been inserted into witnesses during abduction. In 2002, Dr Leir visited
Varginha and interviewed several medical personnel at the Hospital
Humanitas who had attended the injured alien creature, as well as a doctor
who had performed surgery on it. Dr Leir, whom I know as a trusted
colleague, has since written a truly remarkable book about his experiences
and investigations in Varginha - UFO Crash in Brazil - and has generously
allowed me to quote lengthy extracts from his interview with the medical
personnel. This extraordinary interview (which I have abbreviated in part)
was witnessed by Ubirajara F. Rodriguez, a lawyer and university professor
who is the foremost researcher into the case, together with his son Rudolfo,
acting as interpreter, and Phil Serrins, who accompanied Dr Leir on the
research trip.
‘The doctor and his colleagues will be referred to as “MP” (Medical
Personnel) and I will be designated as “Dr L”,’ begins Dr Leir.
‘It was obvious this was going to be an emotionally charged interview.
The expressions on their faces appeared strained. It should be understood
that my emotions were also on edge
MP:There were military guards posted at the doors and they
weren’t letting anybody in or out. Once you were in there you couldn’t
get out, not even if you had to go to the bathroom.
Dr L: What was happening inside the surgical area?
MP: Everybody was in a state of panic [and] mass confusion. The
military was very dominating. We knew they brought a patient in
through the back door of the hospital, and brought them directly into
surgery. We thought there must have been a really bad accident on the
base ... we were told not to talk about this to anyone once it was all
over. We were preparing for a surgery but no one knew what kind of
surgery or who the patient was. They had taken the patient directly
into one of the operating rooms.
Dr L: Can you tell us what your speciality is?
MP: Yes, it’s orthopaedic surgery.
Dr L: Please go ahead and tell us what happened next.
MP: I was asked to begin a surgical scrub and to prepare for a
fracture reduction, and was simply told it was a leg. The answers came
from one of the military officers. 1 noticed two armed officers were
guarding the entrance to one of the operating suites and assumed the
patient was already on the table being prepped for surgery. It was also
a bit disconcerting to see military personnel armed with weapons and
live ammunition inside the operating areas of our hospital. We did
not have this experience with any of the previous accident cases.
Dr L: Were you presented with any kind of medical record of the
patient or did anyone tell you the full extent of his injuries, or even
the vital signs?
MP: No, there was no information available. Everybody was acting
really strange [and] exchanges of conversation [were] in a very low
tone so you could not hear what they were talking about... We were
handed sterile towels and dried our hands. Next, the military guard
opened the operating room doors and we were told to enter. The
patient was already on the table and covered to the neck with a sterile
drape sheet. Two of the nurses were preparing to gown us. I noticed
they had a look of terror in their eyes. I approached the operating
table with my colleague. At first glance I noticed the patient was quite
small.
When I first saw the face of the individual lying there I was in a
state of shock. It was far from a human face. The eyes were large and
red, and staring at the ceiling with a blank stare. We were all
dumbfounded. One of the military officers of a high rank told us the
victim on the table had suffered a fractured leg and we were to ‘fix it*.
I asked him for some details regarding the patient and was told I was
not there to ask questions but only to perform the requested task. He
also told us to do the best job we could [and] to solve any problem
that might arise, no matter what the nature ... Any questions or
requests would be relayed through the military personnel on the other
side of the operating room doors.
One of the things we decided to do was to get a better look at the
surgery site and at the same time examine the patient. It was at this
point that we realized this creature was probably not of this world.
Earlier in the day we had heard some rumours about an unusual
creature [and] military activity around town.
The being was less than five feet tall. It was bi-pedal with two
arms. The colour of the skin was a dark brown, which appeared rather
shiny; like it was oily or wet, but in fact the skin was dry [and] looked
reticulated, like large scales, but when you touched it, the demarcations
of scales were not present. It was smooth to the touch.
The head was large, much too large for the size of the individual.
There were three bony protuberances on the top of the head, one in
each parietal area and one central. They extended from the frontal to
the occipital portions, like ridges. There was no hair present either on
the head or the rest of the body. The head was also larger in its upper
portion than lower toward the jaw area.
The eyes were large, slightly upturned toward the lateral aspects,
oriental-looking. They were red in colour and looked like two glimmering 
pools of liquid. For some reason, all of us did not want look
into this creature’s eyes and refrained from doing so.
There was a very small remnant of a mouth and two little openings
with a slight ridge where the nose should have been. There were no
noted ears, only small openings that looked like vestigial ear canals.
The neck was narrow and appeared it would not have enough
muscular strength to support such a large head. The upper portion of
the torso was slight of build, with an obvious ribcage. There were no
noted breasts, areola or nipples. The abdomen was similar to that of a
human, with the absence of a navel. [No genitalia were detected.]
The upper thigh portions were muscular and out of proportion to
the rest of the torso. This was totally different from the arms, which
were thin and emaciated. The hands ended in four fingers with no
thumb. The fingers were strange and different from human fingers.
The creature was able to move each of his fingers so that they could
articulate with each other, and by doing so, was able to probably
perform all the functions we could with the use of our thumbs. We
were not able to tell whether these fingers were multi-jointed or [if]
for some reason the bones were flexible, enabling the fingers to
perform their desired functions.
The upper leg and thighs ended in what appeared to be similar to
a human knee joint with an oversized patella. The lower portions of
the leg were also similar to that of a human. The entire lower
extremities were heavily endowed with muscles. It crossed my mind
that wherever this creature had come from, the gravity might have
been much more than here on Earth.
The foot was narrow and fleshy. There were three short fleshy
toes that looked more like pads than toes. There were no visible
toenails or fingernails. There was an additional appendage that hung
down from the medial side of the foot. This vestigial appendage was
elongated like a finger and ended in what appeared to be a claw about
three quarters of an inch long. Later, we found that when the being
walked, it would move this appendage so it would became parallel to
the rest of the foot. This allowed it to ambulate in a normal humanlike 
manner.
Dr L: Did you examine the site of the injury?
MP: Yes. It was in the upper thigh and involved a compound
fracture of the femur. The bone was protruding from the skin and
there had been some bleeding around the site of the wound, which
had clotted and was dry ... To our surprise the blood was dark red,
just like our blood. When examined under the microscope we found
the cellular structure to be very similar to human blood, with the
exception of the platelet count being much higher in number. We also
found that the blood would coagulate immediately upon release from
a blood vessel. We were not able to determine whether this was due to
the high platelet count or whether the creature was in a different
atmosphere than it was used to.
Dr L: Were there X-rays taken and did you view them?
MP: Yes. They were up on the view screen in the surgery room. It
showed a clear view of the fractured bone ... and I believed it could
be treated in the same manner as we treat human fractures.
Dr L: Was the bone also similar to ours?
MP: Yes, with the exception that it was pinker in colour and
contained numerous lacunae or holes, giving it the appearance of
osteoporotic human bone. Another difference was its tensile strength:
it was much stronger than human bone. We did not find it necessary
to use stabilization devices to fixate the fracture site. Once the bone
ends were approximated, the fracture defect seemed to stabilize and
could not be moved apart.
Dr L: Was the patient awake or conscious, and was there any
attempt at communication?
MP: The patient was apparently awake. It kept moving its head
but mainly stared upward at the ceiling. We did make an attempt to
communicate verbally, but did not receive an answer. We were
concerned as to whether it was feeling any pain, but we really had no
way of knowing. When we examined the fracture site it did not jerk
away, scream, or give any sign of discomfort.
Dr L: Was the patient given any kind of anaesthetic for the
procedure?
MP: We had decided not to use a general anaesthesia because we
didn’t know anything about its metabolism. We thought perhaps any
of our gases might kill the thing. We were even afraid to administer
oxygen, because no one knew what kind of an atmosphere it was used
to. We decided to try a small amount of local anaesthesia and see if
there was any untoward effect. Fortunately there was not, and that is
how we were able to do the procedure.
Dr	L: Did the patient at anytime make any noise, cry out in pain,
or object to the treatment?
MP: No. It remained very still. Its respirations were shallow, as if
it needed very little air to sustain life.
Dr L: Could you detect a heartbeat or pulse?
MP: We tried to determine exactly that, and we could not tell.
Sometimes we thought we could hear a heartbeat and then at other
times it was absent; we found the same with the detection of a
pulse...
‘At this point we decided to take a short break in the questioning,’ said
Dr Leir. ‘The room was steeped in silence. We all looked at each other with
wonderment in our eyes. The medical personnel sat silently, immersed in
deep thought. Their faces seemed strained and ashen in colour...’ Ten
minutes later, the interview resumed.
MP: When we had finished the surgery, we were still highly tense.
We did not know how the patient was going to respond. We were also
afraid that if something untoward happened to the creature, we would
get the blame from the military and the punishment might be severe.
These thoughts were going through my head. Suddenly, out of
nowhere, the room began to fill with a greenish mist. We all stepped
back from the operating table. We did not immediately know the
origin of this mist and feared it might be toxic. One of the operating-
room nurses began frantically banging on the operating-room door. A
voice on the other side inquired if we were finished with the surgery.
We told them we were essentially finished, but there seemed to be a
greenish gas collecting in the room and we did not know the origin
... we were told to find the origin of the greenish substance and let
them know. We did not know at this point whether it was a gas,
vapour or mist, but finally realized it seemed to be emanating from
the creature lying on the table. In deep fear, I walked slowly closer to
it and approached the head of the table.
Without consciously realizing it, my gaze caught the eyes of the
being. His eyes were glowing red, and appeared as two swirling pools
of liquid. They were pulling, pulling me in, deeper and deeper. All at
once, giant portions of information came pounding into my head.
These were like ‘thoughtgrams’ - large blocks of information, over and
over again, like someone hitting me over the head with a hammer. I
was also becoming dizzy and slighdy nauseated.
Dr L: Undoubtedly you survived this ordeal. Can you tell us what
was in those thought messages?
MP: All that I am willing to tell you at this time is what the
creature told me about human beings. I also want to tell you he
‘downloaded’ a tremendous amount of knowledge into my head. It
caused me to have headaches lasting for over two weeks following the
event.
Essentially, he told me his race felt very sorry for the human
beings for basically two reasons. The first is that all humans have the
same potential and abilities to perform the very same things his race
could do - those things we find so marvellous and magical but did not
know how to do. For example, he told me that in cases where there is
injury or disease of the body, it would not be necessary to confine one
of his species to a special treatment facility such as the one he was
confined in at the moment. He told me they either individually or
[collectively] could produce all the healing necessary to repair their
bodies.
The second reason they felt sorry for us was that we did not seem
to realize we were spiritual beings only living in a temporary shell, and
we were totally disconnected from our spiritual self...
Dr L: What happened to the creature after you left the room?
MP: We checked on the being from time to time. It seemed stable
and had a fantastic rate of healing: the wound healed completely in
less than twenty-four hours. This was also true of the bone. It was
in ‘satisfactory medical condition’.
The military took the creature out the back door of the hospital.
Dr L:There certainly must have been records originally. What
happened to them?
MP: We believe the military confiscated all the records, X-rays,
laboratory data and materials used ...
‘With that, we concluded the interview,’ writes Dr Leir. ‘I looked
intently at the physician. He was sitting in a chair, slightly bent at the waist.
Perspiration had formed on his brow and was streaking downward through
his sideburns. Tears were running down his cheeks, his hands were extended in front of him, shaking, and he was trembling and distraught. I
gently placed my arm around his shoulder and silently gave him a hug.. .’6
A military police officer who had handled a creature with his naked
hands, Corporal Marco Chereze, died about three weeks later. His family
was told that he had died from ‘a toxic substance’, but the results of the
autopsy were never revealed. However, detailed information is now revealed
in Dr Leir’s book, and he suggests that Chereze may have died from a virus
similar to the Ebola type.7
The body of a dead creature (presumably the one which had been shot)
was, according to several sources, autopsied by pathologists at the Department 
of Medicine, University of Campinas (UNICAMP), headed by Dr
Fortunato Badan Palhares, a leading expert in the field. What became of
the creatures - of which up to seven were reported to have been seen? It
seems that one was loaded on to a US Air Force transport at Sao Paulo
International Airport on 20 January, and the same aircraft returned to
Campinas Airport two days later - presumably to collect the autopsied
body. Perhaps coincidental, too, was the visit to Sao Paulo and other parts
of Brazil, early in March 1996, by Warren Christopher, the US Secretary of
State, together with Daniel S. Goldin, Director of NASA.8
During his visit to Varginha, Dr Roger Leir was shown documents
pertaining to certain agreements between NASA and the Brazilian Government 
which ‘allow for any material coming from space that is found in
Brazil to be turned over to the government of the United States’.9
A few sightings of strange creatures in the vicinity of Varginha continued 
sporadically until May 1996.
As to the official position on the incident, in 1997 British television
producer Bruce Burgess eventually managed to coax a statement from
Major Eduardo Calza, a senior officer based at the ESA Army base. ‘If some
of the descriptions by the witnesses of the incident seem a little outlandish,’
declared Burgess, ‘the official military version is bizarre in the extreme.’
Witnesses to these events, explained Calza, had simply mistaken ‘an
expectant dwarf couple’ and ‘a mentally handicapped dwarf for alien
creatures...’ 10

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Good, Timothy, Unearthly Disclosure: Conflicting Interests in the Control of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence, Century, London, 2000, pp. 187-200.
2. Mullins, Joe, and Michelini, Chuck, ‘Secret UFO Base Under the Amazon River’,
National Enquirer, 20 October 1981. I am well aware that the Enquirer is a tabloid
renowned for inventing stories. However, the late Bob Pratt, who conducted
many investigations into UFO reports in various countries - especially Brazil - for
the paper, assured me that the stories published at that time were, ironically, quite
accurate.
3. http://www.bobpratt.org/uchoa.html
4. Good, op. cit.
5. Leir, Dr Roger K., The Aliens and the Scalpel: Scientific Proof of Extraterrestrial
Implants in Humans, Granite Publishing, PO Box 1429, Columbus, NC 28722,
1998/1999.
6. Leir, Dr Roger K., UFO Crash in Brazil: A Genuine UFO Crash with Surviving
The Book Tree, PO Box 16476, San Diego, CA 92176, 2005, pp. 75-85.
7. Ibid., 137-47.
8. Good, op. cit.
9. Leir, UFO Crash in	Brazil, pp. 8-9.
10.	The Brazilian Roswell, a documentary directed by Bruce Burgess and produced by
Jackie Stableforth, Transmedia Productions, London, 1998.


=========================================================================
25. OPEN SKIES

In the late 1980s, reports of less conventionally shaped flying objects -
typically triangular - began to increase around the world. In November
and December 1988, two dramatic instances of aircraft being ‘absorbed’
into large UFOs occurred, in full view of witnesses, in the US Commonwealth 
of Puerto Rico, the second of which involved a large triangular craft.
At 19:45 on 28 December, numerous people in Cabo Rojo, south-west
Puerto Rico, saw a massive, blindingly bright yellow light in the sky.
‘Suddenly, I saw two planes coming, each one at the side of this thing,’ said
a witness, Manuel Mercado. ‘One of the jets came and crossed in front of
the UFO to the left, and the other crossed from left to right. The jets
seemed to be trying to intercept that thing, to force it to change its course.
‘Then, when they got next to it, we thought they would collide. The
object stopped in mid-air - and the jets seemed to go inside it. And that
was the last we saw of them. Then that thing veered back, and that’s
when we noticed that it looked like a triangle. When it veered and stopped
[over the Saman lake], it divided itself [into two triangles], and one of
the sections shot away at great speed to the east and the other took off
to the north.’
On my first trip to Puerto Rico, in August 1990, Jorge introduced me
to most of the witnesses, including Mercado. In my opinion, they were
truthful.	«•
The jets involved in both incidents were F-14 Tomcats, probably from
an aircraft carrier twenty to twenty-five miles away. A week after the
incident, Jorge Martin spoke to a US Navy source. ‘There are radar tapes
that show what happened, and they were classified at once and sent to
Washington, DC, to be analysed,’ the officer disclosed. ‘We were able to see
what happened on the radar systems of the ships that were anchored
nearby. We saw when the smaller targets on the radar, which represented
the jets, merged with a bigger one. A lid has been placed on the whole
incident.. .’*

BRIEFINGS

Shortly after midnight on 18/19 July 1990, the base perimeter at Fort Allen,
a US Army Reserve Base in Juana Diaz on Puerto Rico’s southern coast,
was suddenly illuminated by a powerful white light. According to information 
leaked by an officer to Jorge Martin, all personnel at the base that
night were in the barracks, except for those on duty.
An officer gave an order over the intercom for ‘everyone to stay indoors
and not to come out of the barracks or any other base facilities under any
circumstances’. The light was very bright, but when the order was given the
officer was already looking out of a window. ‘In an area towards the coast,
just over the base,’ he said, ‘there was a brightly lit object, circular and
metallic-looking, as if it was made of aluminium. It had what seemed many
windows in its central [rim], with yellowish-white lights revolving in them.
At the underside of the object there was a round turbine-like protrusion
with many coloured lights around it, and from underneath the object came
a very bright beam of pinkish-white light, as if searching for something.
That same light was the one illuminating the perimeter.’
Suddenly came the sound of jet engines, and two planes - believed to
be F/A-18 Hornets - flew at high speed over the base. ‘As soon as the jets
headed in the direction of the UFO,’ continued the officer, ‘the object
departed at speed to the west with the sound of rushing wind, followed by
the jets. Those planes must have been scrambled from Roosevelt Roads
Naval Station [some 60 miles to the east], from an aircraft carrier participating 
in the UNITAS manoeuvres at Roosevelt Roads and on Vieques
Island, because normally there are no F/A-18s Hornets based in Puerto
Rico.
‘Something big is happening here,’ the officer revealed. ‘Recently, all
the military personnel in Fort Allen were shown several video films which
informed us about the reality of UFOs. They showed us an old black-and-
white film about a UFO crash that supposedly happened in New Mexico
many years ago. We all saw the craft, which was semi-buried in the ground
at a 45-degree angle, and there were several bodies of the crew ... about
five feet tall, thin, very pale, and had large bald heads [and] big round eyes
and small nose ... They also showed us another video of UFOs filmed by
them around the island.’
They wanted us to know that UFOs are real, but they wouldn’t
elaborate when asked for more details. You know, it seemed to me
that they wanted us to know that UFOs are real and that the beings
were not perfect: they are fallible, their craft crash and they also die -
they are not invulnerable. Apparently, they wanted to condition us to
the idea that they exist, and to accept the possibility of some day
having to liaise with them.
The officers wouldn’t say that these were alien craft, or anything
like that, just that they were real and that the Government is keeping
a close eye on them. Finally, they told us that they are expecting
something big: they wouldn’t explain what, but it had to with all this,
and if that happened we would have to deal with the situation, and
with the people - the public.
This event was later confirmed by two independent military sources
who approached Jorge Martin and the investigator John Timmerman in
San Juan the following month. ‘Apparently,’ reported Martin, ‘special
military groups on the island have been receiving official briefings on the
UFO situation since 1988, the year in which the jet fighters were abducted
by the huge triangular-shaped UFOs in Cabo Rojo and San German.’2
Other military personnel have been exposed to similar films. Lieutenant
Colonel Ellison Onizuka was one of the astronauts who perished in the
Challenger Space Shuttle disaster in January 1986. In conversation with
Clark C. McClelland, the aerospace engineer who worked at the Kennedy
Space Center (alluded to earlier), Onizuka revealed that while on military
training at McClellan Air Force Base, California, about eight or nine years
before his astronaut training, he and others were directed to report to a
viewing room.
‘As they were seated, the room darkened and a movie began without
the usual official introduction by a USAF officer,’ reports McClelland. ‘They
were all startled when a view of a facility similar to a medical examination
room appeared on the screen, and small bodies were observed lying on
slabs ... The small, strange-looking creatures were humanoid in shape
[with] large heads, large eyes, slight torsos, arms, and legs.’
‘Clark,’ said Ellison, ‘My God, these highly trained officers and I were
shocked by what we saw ... We were all caught off-guard. Perhaps it was a
test of our psyche to determine our overall reaction.’3

5/6 NOVEMBER 1990

One of the most spectacular events during this period involved the multiple
sightings reported by military and civilian pilots, as well as by witnesses on
the ground, in many European countries, on the night of 5/6 November
1990.
Jean Gabriel Gresle is a former French Air Force and Air France pilot.
Having himself seen UFOs on several occasions while flying, as well as
being one of Europe’s finest UFO researchers, he is well qualified to
differentiate between conventional and unconventional flying objects. At
19:00 on 5 November, he was standing outside a gym with six of his
martial-arts pupils in Gretz-Armainvilliers, some 25 kilometres east of
Paris, when an astonishing event occurred. Jean took me to the actual site,
enabling me to visualize the event more precisely.
‘Suddenly,’ he said, ‘this enormous device came into sight. My first
impression was of a huge crane with a lot of lights. It was at a distance of
about 800 metres and height of 300 metres. One witness saw it level off
and turn. The trajectory was downward, towards us. It projected two huge,
divergent beams of light, not quite touching the ground. The light was
peculiar: I can only explain it as lumiere morte - ‘dead light’. The moisture
in the air wasn’t scattering the light. Normal light is scattered by water
droplets in the atmosphere.
‘It must have been at least 1,000 feet long, with a thickness of about
200-250 feet, and had triangular substructures and many, many lights. I
ran around a tree to watch it as it turned its back on us, and the lights
dimmed very quickly, which is surprising, because the beams must have
been at least a kilometre in length - then it disappeared in the cloud.
Janine, one of my pupils, caught a glimpse of the rear section, which
was trapezoidal in shape. It carried with it what I can only describe as a
“zone of silence”, because as it flew over us - at never more than 100 mph
- we suddenly didn’t hear the nearby traffic. And I had the impression
that my mind was blanked out ... Other witnesses saw it too, in nearby
areas. It was absolutely incredible - like a city floating through the
clouds!’4
At the same time, a flight of three Royal Air Force (RAF) Tornado
GR.l jets was transiting from the UK to RAF Laarbruch, Germany, flying
through controlled airspace above the North Sea at 18:00 local time, when
a large ‘aeroplane-shaped’ object appeared to the right side of the planes.5
The aircraft were travelling at Mach 0.8 (about 600 mph). ‘Out of nowhere,
a mysterious craft emerged on their wing tips and overtook the jets,’ reports
Nick Pope, who headed the Ministry of Defence (MoD) UFO research
effort from 1991 to 1994. ‘The object was massive and covered with blue
and white lights. For a brief moment, the craft flew ahead of the Tornados,
before accelerating away into the distance at an unimaginable speed ...
The control centre was unable to help. Nothing had shown up on its radar.
Officially, at least, the craft had never existed.’6
The MoD ‘signal’ states that two other Tornados had seen the object
and ‘possibly [identified] it as a stealth aircraft’.7 That a stealth aircraft
would be so large, and covered with blue and white lights, seems improbable. 
What is certain is that several sightings were reported by RAF pilots
that night. In an informal conversation with a friend of mine shortly after
the sightings, a senior RAF officer based in Germany revealed that two
terrific explosions were heard in the Rheindalen area on two separate
occasions that night.
Following the second explosion (at 22:00), the crew of a Phantom jet
reported UFOs heading north in ‘finger’ formation. Separately, said the
RAF source, two Tornados over the North Sea encountered two large round
objects, each with five blue lights and several other white lights around the
rim. As the Tornados closed to investigate, one of the UFOs headed for
one of the jets, which was forced to take violent evasive action to avoid a
collision. The two unknowns then headed north until they were out of
sight. Nothing showed on the Tornados’ radar.
In 1991, following a request for some information which I could use,
the senior officer wrote a report in letter form for my friend, and gave me
permission to quote from it, ‘providing the source would be protected’.
‘Our version begins at 19:00 hours [local time] on the evening of 5
November with reports at [RAF] Rheindalen of a “sonic boom”,’ he wrote:
We confirmed that, at that time, two of our Phantom aircraft were
carrying out practice intercepts at a very high level over Germany,
under positive radar control ... Simultaneously, the crew of one of
the Phantom aircraft reported a UFO sighting, described as a large
formation of aircraft all in reheat in finger formation ... disappearing
to the north. The crews gave chase, but did not establish’ further
visual or radar contact ... Subsequently, the NATO Air Defence
Organization reported that there were several high-speed contacts
during the course of that evening in the same area (Western border
of Germany/Southern Belgium) as the sightings. We shall probably
never know exactly what our crews saw, or our people on the ground
heard...
Among the civil pilots reporting sightings that night was a British
Airways captain who told investigator Paul Whitehead that he saw two
‘very bright mystifying lights’ while flying over the North Sea. Later he
spoke to a Tornado pilot who, together with another Tornado from the
same squadron, had been ‘approached by bright lights’ which ‘formated’
on the Tornados. The accompanying Tornado pilot was so convinced that
they were on a collision course with the lights - apparently nine were seen
- that he ‘broke away’ and ‘took violent evasive action’ (as confirmed by
the senior RAT officer).8

31 MARCH 1993

In his book Open Skies, Closed Minds, Nick Pope reports that he arrived at
his desk in Whitehall on the morning of 31 March 1993 to find that there
had been a major wave of UFO sightings in Britain the previous night. The
reports - involving many police and military witnesses - described trian¬
gular-shaped craft uncannily similar to those reported by about 2,000
witnesses exactly three years earlier in Belgium during a wave of sightings
in 1989-90.
Most sightings had occurred between 01:00 and 01:30, Nick soon
discovered, with a peak at 01:10. ‘By lunchtime,’ he said, ‘it became obvious
that I was right at the centre of the biggest wave of UFO sightings ever
reported in Britain ... Other reports reached me from the Irish Republic,
and in the days that followed I heard of sightings in France, and,
significandy, Belgium.’
A report came in from a military patrol guarding RAF Cosford, near
Wolverhampton, and another from Rugeley, Staffordshire, where five
members of the same family observed a huge diamond-shaped object,
about 200 metres across, flying slowly above them at an estimated height
of less than 300 metres. ‘They also reported a low, humming sound of the
frequency you’d experience standing in front of the speakers at a pop
concert, feeling the sound waves passing through the body,’ Nick explained.
(This effect has been reported on many occasions.)
Perhaps the most interesting report came from RAF Shawbury in
Shropshire, to the north of Shrewsbury. The meteorological officer
there saw the most astonishing sight of that whole amazing night. An
object in the sky, at first stationary, moved erratically towards him at a
speed of several hundred miles an hour. At one point it fired a beam
of light at the ground, which swept the countryside from left to right,
as though it were looking for something in the fields and hedgerows.
The sighting ... lasted for five minutes, long enough for the witness to
estimate the size of the craft to be about that of a Jumbo jet ... He
heard the same low-frequency hum the family from Rugeley had heard.
What were the Ministry’s answers? There was no unusual civil or
military aircraft activity that night that came remotely close to fitting
anything that had been seen ... So the official findings (mine) read:
‘Type of craft - unknown; origin of craft - unknown; motive of
occupants - unknown.’9 (See also pp. 431-2)

ILLEGAL ALIENS

In the small hours of 8 March 1997, Sarah Hall, a journalist for the
Folkestone Herald, was driving through the village of Burmarsh, Kent,
returning to her home in Hythe. ‘I think it was about three o’clock a.m.,*
she reported to Chris Rolfe of UFO Monitors East Kent (UFOMEK). ‘I was
driving back from dropping some friends off, and [as] I was coming down
the road, I felt weird. I saw something in front of me, and I thought, “Oh
my God, what the hell is that?” and sort of slowed down, because I thought
it was coming at me. And it stopped in front of me, probably three to four
hundred yards away.’ The object was hovering above a large field, between
Burmarsh and Dymchurch, not far from the coast.
It was just this huge triangle thing, which was a lot bigger than an
aeroplane ... It had lights all around the outside, and this disc attached
to its back, and a big light on the front. I pulled up to stop, and as I
did, it shot off. Literally ... And it stopped again, sort of another five
hundred yards away from me, and it did that four times ... sort of
moved for about five or six seconds, stopped for two seconds, then
moved again for another five or six seconds, and so on. The object
was moving westwards, and all the time it was making this weird
humming sound ... like the sound you hear when you stapd under
overhead power cables.
It was really peculiar; it was, I wouldn’t say shiny, but looked
more sort of shimmery. The lights were really bright; a very bright one
at the front, and when it shot off, I saw lights in each corner, which
were white in colour. The ones around the outside were a sort of
yellow-white, and there was also a circle of lights in the middle, of the
same colour as the outside ones.
The object was an equilateral triangle, about double the size of an
airliner, maybe as big as a football field. It wasn’t very thick, but
seemed thin along the edges [with a] sort of mound in the middle.
When I first saw it, the point was facing me, but when it shot off, it
sort of - I don’t know - it must have swivelled, but I don’t remember
it swivelling, because I could see it side-on then, and I could see
underneath as it shot off, and there was this circle of white lights. I
probably got a good look at it literally for a matter of seconds, and
then it flicked off and then stopped for a few seconds, and then it
flicked off and so on; I would say twenty-five seconds, if that. I saw
it for quite a long time in the distance...
All the time, I had the feeling of the hairs standing up on the back
of my neck ... I felt really scared, as I drove home. I think I arrived
home maybe half-past three, I don’t remember. But I woke everyone
up and told them what I’d seen, and had a drink to calm me down. I
was really shaken by the whole thing.10
Sarah Hall wrote up her experience for her newspaper under the
pseudonym ‘Sophie Wadleigh’. I spoke to her by telephone not long
afterwards: she certainly sounded as though she had been quite shocked by
the experience. In due course, other witnesses came forward who said they
had seen a strange aerial device in the area, between 02:10 and 03:30. The
home of Michael Howard, then Conservative Home Secretary, in Lympne,
lay a mile and a half from Sarah Hall’s observation point. Chris Rolfe
learned that two local firemen had seen the same object directly over
Howard’s house, and word spread that a fire appliance had been called out
at around the same time. Then, while I was chatting to UFOMEK
investigator Jerry Anderson, following a talk I had just given in Canterbury
in February the following year, a man approached Jerry and revealed that
he was a neighbour of Michael Howard. He told Jerry that he and his wife
had been woken up in the early hours by a commotion coming from the
Home Secretary’s house.
‘There were a lot of people running around and shouting, and the
neighbour believed them to be the armed police guards on duty there to
protect Mr Howard,’ wrote Stuart Miller and Chris Rolfe. ‘There was a
helicopter hovering above, with a searchlight scanning the area. Tellingly,
the neighbour told Jerry that the searchlight was not pointing down but
was scanning the skies level with the helicopter, and above it as well.’
Evidence firmly suggests that a security clampdown followed the
incident. Jerry Anderson experienced problems with his answering machine,
then someone claiming to be from the TV Licensing Department came to
the door of his home while he was away, asking his wife if they had a
licence. The Licensing Authority confirmed that no checks were being made
in that area at the time. And in early 1999, both Jerry and Chris received in
the post a tape recording of a telephone conversation on the Burmarsh case
which they had had a year before.11
The national press did not latch on to the story until August that year,
following the Conservative defeat in the general election. ‘Howard’s tough
line on aliens - he deported scores when he was Home Secretary - had
evidently upset beings far beyond our planet,’ commented the Sunday
Times.12 Another article appeared in the same newspaper early the following
year. ‘So there really was something of the night about Michael Howard,’
weighed in Sebastian Hamilton:
Senior Tory spin doctors say they were aware of the story [in] a local
newspaper, while Howard’s agent has admitted halting publication of
further detailed reports about the incident by complaining to the
editor ... Eight separate reports were filed with local UFO spotters of
a triangular craft, grey in colour, hovering in an area 15 miles around
Howard’s home ... Neither the local police nor the Ministry of
Defence have any record of an incident that evening ... A police
spokesman, however, said it might have been dealt with by Howard’s
own police protection team.13
In a letter to investigator Dr Colin Ridyard, PC Roy O’Connell of the
Kent County Constabulary stated, perhaps tellingly: ‘Under normal circumstances, 
this department would at once be made aware of any such “security
incident” ... The only incident that we are aware of and to which I am
sure you refer, was satisfactorily dealt with and could have no bearing on
your investigations into UFO activity.’14
Had the former Home Secretary been aware of the incident?
‘Mr Howard had more important matters to deal with than UFOs,’ one
source told the Daily Mail. ‘He knew about the reports, but I doubt whether
he was very concerned about them.’15 ‘I am just astonished by all this really,’
Howard told the Kentish Express. ‘While I probably was at my home that
night, as I often am, I certainly didn’t see anything. It is all ridiculous.. ,’16
After three requests for a statement from Mr Howard, then leader of
the Conservative Party, I eventually succeeded in obtaining the following
odd response: ‘I was and remain completely unaware of any such
incident.’17

THE PHOENIX LIGHTS

On the evening of 13 March 1997 - a week after the Burmarsh incident -
thousands of eyewitnesses across the state of Arizona reported having seen
a mile-long, V-shaped formation of lights flying relatively close to the
ground. First to report a sighting was a former police officer, who described
‘bright red-orange lights in the shape of a boomerang’, heading south. The
lights appeared to be connected, as though belonging to one enormous
object. Commercial pilots reported them, and fighter jets at Luke Air Force
Base, near Phoenix, took off in pursuit, using afterburners.
‘For several minutes the city stood still as these lights swept overhead
on their way to Tucson, where truck drivers called one another on their CB
radios, and families on the dark freeway stopped and stared in awe at the
passing giant formation,’ writes Dr Lynne Kitei, author of The Phoenix
Lights.'18
In fact, people had been reporting sightings of odd lights in the Phoenix
area since January. But the air display on the night of 13 March left few
doubts that something truly phenomenal was occurring. At 20:30, for
example, Mike Fortson observed a massive, black, chevron-shaped object
with a translucent surface, estimated to be a mile long, which ‘floated’
along noiselessly at about 30 to 40 mph. Others reported ‘an enormous
triangular mass with lights on each of the comers’ appearing to be ‘city
blocks’ in width.19
A female operator at Luke Air Force Base volunteered the information
to one witness that their switchboard had been deluged with reports: later
the base denied having received any calls about the object. According to a
report telephoned by witnesses to Peter Davenport, director of the Seattle-
based National UFO Reporting Center,20 Lockheed Martin F-16C jet
fighters of the Arizona Air National Guard were scrambled from Luke AFB
and intercepted the object over downtown Phoenix, photographed it with
gun cameras and returned to base.
‘Davenport states that the sources went on to describe how the base
had been “locked down”, how the pilots of the fighters had proceeded in
approaching to within one mile of the object, and how their targeting radar
had been “neutralized” by the object,’ reports Kitei. ‘Apparently, they
provided copious details about the object, citing precise times, the names
and ranks of the pilots, contents of radio conversations with the pilots
while they were in the air, and many other aspects of the events that night.
Unfortunately, Davenport’s staff was unable to corroborate any of the
claims, despite the fact that the callers were stationed at Luke AFB. Within
a few days, Davenport received another call. This time, one of the sources
reported that he was being transferred to Greenland.’21
Another report came from a retired pilot in the Phoenix suburb of
Scottsdale, whose background included ratings in Boeing 747 and DC-10
airliners. He told Dr Kitei that he was with several other people when a
formation of orange lights came into view. ‘We thought we could see some
kind of structure to it as it went by perpendicular to us. One thing we were
sure of, it was huge, at least a mile in area, and it was silent.’22 Another
witness, Tim Ley, gives a highly detailed report of his observation, with
other members of his family, in Sunnyslope, a small mountain valley near
Phoenix, shortly after 20:00, as a giant craft slowly approached them.
‘My first impression was that it was about 100 feet up in the air,’ writes
Ley. ‘The outline of the structure was so perfectly balanced, sharp-edged
and geometrical. What we saw reminded me of a carpenter’s square set at
60 degrees. Each of its two arms had two lights set in them, evenly spaced
from the centre front light, with the last two lights on each arm set in the
structure just in front of the squared-off ends.’
The object, which appeared to be at least two city blocks long, passed
slowly directly above the family. ‘It was ridiculously close, and there was no
noise,’ Ley’s report continues.
When it began to pass over, I felt a nervousness in my body, almost
like stage-fright [and so did] my family ... the kids started jumping
up and down and talking about how there was no sound, and
mentioning the movie ‘Independence Day’ and exhibiting symptoms
of hysteria ... We all continued to stand outside and watch the object
[as] it finally reached the gap through the mountain peaks ... My wife
said she saw a dome-shaped bulge in the middle, on top of the craft,
which appeared to be picking up some of the city and parkway lights
below and reflecting them off its surface [and] we later thought it
must be a peculiarity of the visual stealth that at certain angles of view,
you can see the light reflect off of it.23
Although the sightings did not register on radar at Sky Harbor
International Airport, air-traffic controllers who had been on duty testified
publicly that they had seen the object or objects. ‘I have never seen anything
like this in my flying or controlling days,’ said Bill Grava.24 Videotapes were
taken by members of the public from several different areas, some of which
appear to show military high-intensity flares, which a spokesman for the
Air National Guard said had been dropped along the Barry Goldwater
Gunnery Range by A-10 Thunderbolt IIs from the Maryland Air National
Guard that night, as part of a training exercise called Operation Snowbird.
This was widely promoted as ‘the explanation’ for the phenomena.25
Perhaps coincidentally, on April Fools Day an item about the Phoenix
Lights appeared on CBS Evening News with Dan Rather. ‘He stressed that
you didn’t have to be in a cult or spaced-out to believe in UFOs,’ reports
Kitei. ‘He declared that millions of Americans do, and believe as well that
the government is somehow covering it up. Rather said they had asked the
Pentagon, and had been told that it could not substantiate the existence of
UFOs, nor did it harbour the remains of UFOs. The Air Force quit
investigating UFOs in 1969 .. .’26

A JOURNALIST ASSAULTED?

It was 30 May 1997. Georgina Howell had finished four days researching a
Scottish wildlife story for the Sunday Times in the Orkney Islands, off the
north-east coast of Scotland. She was waiting at Kirkwall Airport to board
the 11:50 British Airways Flight 8773 to Aberdeen, connecting with a
London-bound flight. ‘The weather was brilliantly sunny and clear,’ she
wrote in the Sunday Times the following year. ‘When we were called to
board the small propeller plane, I was the last one out of the terminal
building and walked slowly across the tarmac.’27
‘I was thinking, “I probably won’t see Orkney again, so I’ll just take a
last look around,” ’ Georgina explained to me. ‘And up to my left, at about
45 degrees above the sea - above a windsock, but I couldn’t tell how near
or how far - was this very clear “angle” [chevron] in the sky. It appeared
to be silvery metal, and as I walked across the tarmac it sort of flashed in
the sun. It was like two sides of a triangle, with space in between. I tried to
see if it was a plane, or perhaps two planes superimposed by perspective,
and it obviously wasn’t that. I thought it might have been a piece of airport
equipment, on a pole, but in fact it wasn’t. So I thought, well, when I get
to the plane I’m going to get the air hostess out on the tarmac and ask her
what it is.
‘Just at that moment, I hit the tarmac with my face. I felt I couldn’t do
anything to protect myself whacking down on the tarmac and wasn’t able
to put my hands in front of my face. I was fully conscious as I went
down.’28
‘Although I had a cut Up, scraped nose, a black eye and bruising above
the eye, my hands and arms, and the tape recorder I was carrying in my
left hand, were unscathed,’ wrote Georgina in her article. ‘Several people
came to my aid and helped me up. After a minute or so I told them, “I was
looking at that]” and pointed to the sky where I had seen the angle, but
there was nothing there. Apparently nobody else had seen it.’ Neither had
the object been picked up by Air Traffic Control.
Later, Georgina learned about the giant chevron-shaped object seen
above Phoenix on 13 March. ‘Whatever happened that day has certainly
changed my opinion about UFOs,’ she wrote. ‘The subject used to bore
me. Now I think about the incident frequently and I want to know what
these things are. I will go on asking questions about them for the rest of
my life.’29

POLAND

At 17:00 on 15 March 1997 - two days after the ‘air display’ at Phoenix -
an object was seen to explode in the air before crashing to the ground near
the town of Wegorzewo, in Poland’s Suwalki province. Reportedly, its
remains were immediately taken away by soldiers.
‘The Army denied all knowledge of the incident at the time,’ reports
investigator Robert K. Lesniakiewicz, ‘but since then, Army spokesman
Colonel Zdzislaw Czekierda of the General Staff has publicly stated that the
General Staff of the Polish Army have had a special division which gathered
and evaluated all information about UFO sightings and close encounters
with aliens since the early 1980s.’ The reports were normally classified
secret or top secret, according to another investigator, Robert Bematowicz.30

DEFENSE AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE

The Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office (DARO) - under the aegis of
the National Reconnaissance Office - once handled the US military’s
Unmanned (or the more politically correct Uninhabited) Air Vehicle (UAV)
programme. While in Washington, DC, in 1998, a friend arranged for me
to meet Major General Kenneth R. Israel, US Air Force Director, DARO, to
discuss matters of mutual interest.
On the afternoon of 6th May, I was escorted up to the DARO reception
area in the Pentagon, before the scheduled half-hour meeting. Two notices
caught my attention: ‘No Classified Here’ (meaning no talk about classified
information), and the other, ‘DARO Welcomes Mr Good’. At 15:30
precisely, I was ushered into a small conference room. To my surprise,
about eight young DARO officers greeted me: I had been expecting a one-
to-one with General Israel. Instead, DARO had put on a media presentation
(I hold a press card). I was asked to sit at the head of the table.
We all stood up when the general entered. After introducing himself
to me, we exchanged pleasantries about England. He then delivered a
mini-presentation on the functions of DARO. ‘Right now, Timothy,’ he
began, ‘we’re interested in tunnels in North Korea.’ He showed a videotape
of the Global Hawk UAV, and afterwards said, ‘Over to you, Timothy.’ The
young officers sat with pencils poised above their official notebooks.
I explained that the purpose of the meeting was to seek guidance in my
research on ‘the subject’, pointing out that it is evidently of major concern
to military and intelligence officials, and that UAVs were of related interest.
‘Timothy,’ he responded, ‘I have never encountered anyone who has seen a
UFO, and I know of no individual or organization within this building that
takes the subject seriously.’ I began to suspect a charade. He went on to say
that he had never read a book on the subject, at which point I took out
from my briefcase a signed copy of Beyond Top Secret - which I believe he
knew I would be bringing - and presented him with it
General Israel thanked me and held the book up. ‘Wow, look at this,’
he said to the officers, ‘ Beyond Top Secret!’ Then, glancing through the
pages, he commented that obviously I had done a lot of careful research,
and he didn’t wish to belittle my work. On noticing pictures in the book of
frames from the 8mm film of an alien craft taken by George Adamski, in
the presence of my friend Madeleine Rodeffer and a few others, at Silver
Spring, Maryland, on 26 February 1965 (see plates), he looked impressed.
‘How do they explain these away?’ he said. ‘They look real to me.’
The general asked if I had ever seen a UFO. I mentioned one fleeting
sighting, the event of 15 December 1980 in north-west Kent/south-east
London, because it related to the events outside the twin RAF/US Air Force
bases at Bentwaters and Woodbridge later that month. He expressed vague
interest, and mentioned that he had flown Douglas RB-66 Destroyer
(reconnaissance) aircraft from Bentwaters and RAF Alconbury.
General Israel then showed another short videotape, of the Dark Star
UAV. We discussed its similarity, in side-planform, to flying saucers. I said
that the Dark Star was often cited as an explanation for many UFO reports.
He laughed. ‘Dark Star has only flown twice, and it crashed on its second
flight!’ (The problems were subsequently ironed out.)
Just after the meeting was adjourned, General Israel mentioned to me
that if anyone in the Pentagon knew anything about the UFO subject, it
would probably be the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI),
since the phenomenon seemed to him to be more of a policing problem
rather than one affecting national security. (AFOSI’s main duties are counterintelligence 
and criminal investigations, sometimes including deception,
referred to euphemistically as ‘special plans’.) I said I was aware of their long
history of involvement, but refrained from telling him that I had learned
that, up to 1989 at least, over a hundred AFOSI personnel had knowledge -
in varying degrees - about the actual alien presence. As for UFOs being a
policing rather than a national security problem, it is evidently both.
CAT AND MOUSE’
On 19 October 1998, four different radar stations in China’s northern
Hebei province picked up an unknown moving target in airspace directly
above a military flight training base near Changzhou city. To observers at
the base, the UFO first appeared like ‘a small star’, and then grew larger
and larger, presumably as it descended to a lower altitude. The object was
described as having a mushroom-shaped dome on top and a flat bottom,
covered with bright, continuously rotating lights. At least 140 people on the
ground saw the object.
A base commander surnamed Li reported the observation to his
superiors, and a Shenyang JJ-6 armed interceptor trainer was scrambled to
intercept the object, once checks showed that no other civilian or military
aircraft were in the area. The two pilots reported that the object closely
resembled something they had seen in foreign science-fiction films. When
they flew to within about 4,000 metres (13,200 feet) of the UFO, over Qing
county, it abruptly shot upwards. As reported on numerous occasions, the
object played ‘cat and mouse’ with the fighter, repeatedly outdistancing it
and then reappearing just above it.
The report said that at one point the pilots requested permission to fire
at the object with their cannon. Permission was denied by ground control.
Eventually the JJ-6, short on fuel at 39,000 feet, was forced to return to
base. The UFO then disappeared before two more modem interceptors
became airborne.31
Two Turkish Air Force (THK) pilots of 122 Squadron (‘Scorpions’)
had taken off at 12:30 on 6 August 2001 from their base at Izmir in a
Cessna T-37B Dragonfly jet trainer. While practising manoeuvres over the
Gulf of Candarli, Aegean Sea, First Lieutenant Ilker Dinner and his pupil,
Lieutenant Arda Gunyel, were suddenly surprised by an extremely bright
object, shaped like something between a disc and a cone, with a kind of
pod on the lower part. Ground control and Combat Operations Centre
were immediately informed, but nothing was detected on radar.
The UFO approached the T-37 at high speed, on a head-on course.
Next, it positioned itself alongside, then behind, and finally above the jet.
‘Object is now over us. It is literally dogfighting with us,’ radioed Dinner. ‘I
repeat, radar negative,’ the pilots were informed. The UFO played ‘cat-and-
mouse’ with the jet for a while, before disappearing at high speed.
The report made headline news in Turkish newspapers, forcing the
THK to issue a press release. The object had been a weather balloon, they
said. However, no weather balloons were in the area at that time, and even
if they had been, no balloon is capable of keeping up with the speed of an
aircraft, or of performing the types of manoeuvres described.32,33
In June 2003 it was leaked to the press that Turkey’s National
Intelligence Service (MIT) had received a top-secret request from the CIA
for details of all the latest UFO reports. MIT accordingly asked the Turkish
Air Force, Turkish Airlines and other establishments to submit their
reports. MIT, which had previously only collected such reports, subsequently 
recommended that the Air Force should establish an official
investigative body, headed by a colonel.34

UFO CHASE NEAR WASHINGTON. DC

At 01:00 on 26 July 2002, two F-16 Fighting Falcon jets from the 113th Air
National Guard wing, on ‘strip alert’ at Andrews AFB, were scrambled by
NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command) to investigate a
radar track near Washington, DC.35 The unknown traffic was apparently
slowly approaching the Temporary Flight Restriction Area designated after
the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001. Major Mike Snyder, Command
Spokesman for both NORAD and the US Air Force Space Command,
commented that the target’s ‘radar signature, speed, and elevation fit the
criteria of a small private aircraft’. The radar target then faded from
NORAD detection systems, the F-16s found nothing and returned to base,
and that was that.36 Or that, at least, was the official version of events.
Gary Dillman, working a late shift about 6 miles south-east of Andrews
AFB, heard and saw two pairs of jets take off from the base at 01:00. As he
continued to watch them, until 01:30, he became convinced that something
unusual was going on. ‘Most of the time he could see only one fighter
strobe [light] at a time in the distance, sometimes two, but the aircraft were
circling, turning right, turning left, flying back and forth,’ writes Joan
Woodward, who has conducted the most extensive investigation into the
case. ‘He could not hear them. Occasionally, one pair of fighters returned
to the Andrews area, and then flew back to the east-southeast again. When
asked whether he thought these fighters landed and were replaced by
another fresh pair, Dillman thought they had not, because he would have
heard their take-off sounds - with which he is very familiar - but he could
not totally rule out the possibility.’
At 01:30, Dillman called WTOP news radio and informed them that
something extraordinary was going on. Woodward’s report continues:
Just after his call to WTOP, Dillman looked toward the southwest
(toward Waldorf, Maryland) and saw a glowing, round, hard-edged,
orange object 25-30 degrees above the horizon coming toward him
on a downward path [which] became brighter and larger. When the
object was at about 20 degrees elevation, a fighter appeared out of the
clouds coming from either north or east of the object. The fighter
turned toward the object, which responded with a smooth, curving,
banking turn to the south, away from the fighter that was now
following it. They both flew south, then curved toward the east.. .37
‘At 01:40, this entire sequence of events was repeated,’ Joan Woodward
informed me. ‘Dillman saw the orange object appear in the south-west sky
as above, but this time a fighter was already following it.’38
Meanwhile, in nearby Waldorf, Maryland, at roughly 01:40, Renny
Rogers, alerted for the second time by the roaring of what sounded like
more than two jets, went outside. ‘He saw a bright, pale-bluish light in the
north-northeast moving at what he considered to be a phenomenal rate of
speed,’ Woodward reports:
The light was about 35 degrees above the horizon when first seen and
its path dropped precipitously an estimated 2,000 feet and came back
up slightly, after which it flew in a fast, straight line from north-north-
east to east-southeast, where it was [temporarily lost from sight] ... It
moved in an effortless, floating manner but at very high speed, and it
was silent... the light appeared to be just a light source [and] it was
constantly brightening and dimming on a 1.5 second cycle. Rogers ran
toward the south [and] found the blue light in the southwestern sky...
Rogers saw his neighbour, Mike, who had come outside, and
called to him. A fighter came from the north over Rogers’ house in
level, straight-line flight in obvious pursuit of the light... The aircraft
was dipping its wings from side to side as it flew and continued to do
so as it followed the blue light, and Rogers’ impression was that the
aircraft was constandy correcting its course. The fighter was not [on
this occasion] using its afterburner. The blue light was much faster
than the pursuing jet...
‘These events took place beneath the cloud cover at 5,500-6,000 feet,
but above the scattered clouds at 3,500 feet,’ says Woodward.

Coincidentally, these events occurred on 26th July, precisely 50 years
after the second wave of UFO intrusions over Washington in July 1952. ‘In
conclusion,’ adds Joan Woodward, ‘we have military fighters flying at less
than 6,000 feet altitude in the middle of the night over residential areas,
using afterburners, without apparent concern for the dense civilian population 
underneath ... unknown objects flying near our most sensitive areas,
and our modem fighters are no more able to intercept and identify them
than were the fighters of 1952.’39
‘There is no question that something was going on that early morning
that NORAD/USAF did not want known to the general public,’ Joan wrote
to me. ‘And they changed the tower logs at Andrews AFB to hide it, and
refused to answer some very innocuous questions.’40
*
In March 2007, former Arizona Governor Fife Symington III admitted to
having seen an enormous triangular craft during the extraordinary air
display over Phoenix on the evening of 13 March 1997. A cousin of the late
Senator Stuart Symington, a former Secretary of War for Air (p. 82), the
Governor had hitherto publicly ridiculed the incident. ‘Unless the Defense
Department proves us otherwise,’ he stated during a CNN interview (21
March 2007), ‘it was probably some form of alien spacecraft.’41

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Martin, Jorge, ‘US Jets Abducted by UFOs in Puerto Rico’, UFO Report 1991,
ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick & Jackson, 1990, pp. 192-204.
2. Martin, Jorge, ‘Puerto Rico’s Astounding UFO Situation’, The UFO Report 1992,
ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1991, pp. 103-5.
3. Filers Files #41, 2005. www.georgefiler.com
4. Personal interviews, Paris, 12 December 2000, and Gretz-Armainvilliers, 15
November 2004.
5. Foxhall, Richard, ‘The 1990 Tornado UFO Sighting’, UFO Magazine (UK), August
2002, pp. 58-64.
6. Pope, Nick, ‘Britain’s Real X Files, Daily Mail, 2 February 2005, p. 13.
7. MoD signal from RAF West Drayton, 061340Z Nov 90.
8. Whitehead, Paul, ‘Special Report to FSR\ Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 36, No. 2,
1991, p. 10.
9. Pope, Nick, Open Skies, Closed Minds, Simon 8c Schuster, London, 1996, pp. 134-40.
10. Rolfe, Chris, ‘The Kent Flying Triangle’, UFO Magazine (UK), September/October
1997, p. 22. Chris Rolfe can be reached at ufomek@hotmail.co.uk
11. Miller, Stuart, with Chris Rolfe, ‘Something of the Night’, UFO Magazine (UK),
January 2004, pp. 4-11.
12. ‘Alien revenge hits Howard’, Sunday Times, 24 August 1997.
13. Hamilton, Sebastian, ‘Tories hid Howard’s “alien visitation”’, Sunday Times, 18
January 1998.
14. ‘Howardgate’, UFO Magazine (UK), March/April 1998, p. 6.
15. Derbyshire, David, ‘Take us to your leader’, Daily Mail, 19 January 1998.
16. ‘Howardgate’, op. cit., p. 8.
17. Letter from the Rt. Hon. Michael Howard QC MP, Leader of the Opposition,
House of Commons, 24 September 2005.
18. Kitei, Lynne D., MD, The Phoenix Lights, Hampton Roads, Charlottesville, VA
22902, 2000/2004, pp. 1-2.
19. Ibid., p. 20.
20. National UFO Reporting Center, PO Box 45623, University Station, Seattle, WA
98145. Hotline number (for recently observed events): +001 (206) 722 3000.
www.nuforc.org
21. Kitei, op. cit., p. 23.
22. www.qtm.net/~geibdan/al999/aug/b7.htm. See also Kitei, op. cit.
23. Kitei, op.cit.
24. Ibid. op. cit., p. 48.
25. Ibid., pp. 64-5.
26. Ibid., p. 31.
27. Howell, Georgina, ‘One glance at the shining metallic object in the sky changed
this writer’s life for ever’, Sunday Times Magazine, 9 August 1998, pp. 10-13.
28. Telephone interview, 7 July 1998.
29. Howell, op. cit., p. 13.	n
30. Lesniakiewicz, Robert K., ‘UFOs, Alles-Stones and Stone Balls’, UFO Magazine
(UK), May/June 1998, pp. 48-9. In May 2006,1 participated in a private debate
and a public UFO conference in Wroclaw, Poland. One of the participants was
Major J6zef J. Makiela, a retired Polish Air Force (Reserve) pilot, who confirmed
that the subject is taken very seriously by the military.
31. Agence France-Presse, Shanghai, 5 November 1998.
32. Metehan Demir, ‘Turkish Jet’s Dogfight with UFO’, Hurriyet, Ankara, 8 August
2001. Translated by Esen §ekerkarar.
33. Thouanel, Bernard, Objets Volants Non Identifies, Michel LAFON, Paris, 2003,
p. 203.
34. Vatan, 2 June 2003; Sabah, 2 June 2003; UFO Magazine (UK), August 2003, p. 57.
35. Letter from Joan Woodward, 19 April 2006.
36. Young, Kenny, ‘UFO Violates DC Airspace’, MUFON UFO Journal, No. 413,
September 2002, p. 11.
37. Woodward, Joan, ‘The Washington, DC, Jet Chase of July 26, 2002’, International
UFO Reporter, Vol. 27, No. 4, Winter 2002-2003, pp. 3-7, 22-5.
38. Woodward letter, 19 April 2006.
39. Woodward, ‘The Washington, DC, Jet Chase’, op. cit.
40. Woodward letter, 19 April 2006.
41. Kean, Leslie, ‘Symington confirms he saw UFO 10 years ago’, Prescott Daily
Courier, 18 March 2007.


===============================================================================
26. CONFLICTING TRAFFIC

On 11 June 1985 a Chinese Civil Aviation Administration Boeing 747 on
the Peking to Paris flight encountered a UFO that almost forced the captain
to make an emergency landing. Flight 933 was over Lanzhou, the capital of
Gansu province, when the object was seen by Captain Wang Shuting and
his crew, at 22:40.
The UFO flew at very high speed across the path of the airliner at its
altitude of 33,000 feet, reportedly illuminating an enormous area. Huge in
diameter, it was elliptical in shape, with an extremely bright spot in the
centre and three horizontal rows of bluish-white lights on the perimeter,
giving the impression of ‘different levels’. The official news release, which
attracted worldwide attention, stated that no passengers reported the two-
minute sighting.1
In August 1985 an Olympic Airways flight from Zurich to Athens had
a near miss with unknown traffic near the Italian/Swiss border, and more
UFOs were seen in that month by the crew and forty-five journalists aboard
a Boeing 737 bound for Buenos Aires. The pilot said the UFOs veered away
each time he headed towards them.2

CALIFORNIA

It was 10 September 1985. British pilot David J. Hastings was flying from
San Francisco to New York and back for his US type-conversion in a six-
seat Cessna 337 Super Skymaster (C337), together with his instructor,
David Patterson, an ex-US Army Air Forces pilot, who owned the plane. At
12:05, on the leg from the Grand Canyon to Bakersfield, California, they
were climbing to 10,500 feet on Airway Victor 209 under radar control,
with the Mojave Desert coming into view, when it happened.
‘We both suddenly realised that we had fast traffic in our twelve o’clock
[position],’ reported Hastings in Pilot magazine. ‘We pushed and ducked
beneath the coaming [ledge above the instrument panel], waiting for the
bang of a mid-air collision. A shadow flashed over us but there was
399
absolutely no sound. We slowly raised our heads and asked, “What the
heck ...?’”
We then both felt that there was something moving to port but could
not see anything. So strong was the feeling that I unstrapped and
moved aft to get my normal print camera, and after strapping back in
I took two shots out of the port window. We called Centre to check if
they had any conflicting [traffic], and the answer was no ...
On getting back to base we took the film to a one-hour photo
shop - and there it was. One shot had nothing but the scenery, but
the second had the blurred image of a UFO [see plates]. Several
organizations have studied the film, including the US Navy, but as yet
no one has really come up with the answer as to what it was we nearly
hit that morning.3

ALASKA

Of the many reports of encounters with Japanese airliners, the most
dramatic so far is that reported by the crew of a Japan Air Lines Boeing
747 cargo flight on the night of 17 November 1986. Flight 1628, en route
to Anchorage, Alaska, from Reykjavik, Iceland - the middle leg of a Europe-
to-Tokyo flight - was entering US airspace at 39,000 feet, and Captain
Kenju Terauchi and his crew were making final preparations before their
descent to Anchorage Airport. Suddenly they noticed some unusual lights
accompanying them.
As indicated on the plane’s radar, the unidentified air traffic (UAT)
initially appeared in front of the 747 at a distance of approximately 7 to 8
nautical miles, for about 12 minutes, and then positioned itself on the port
side of the plane, remaining there for at least 32 minutes. Terauchi said
‘the two small ships and the mothership’ moved quickly and stopped
suddenly. He caught a brief glimpse of the main object’s walnut-shaped
silhouette, judging it to be ‘two times bigger than an aircraft carrier’ (see
plates).
The pilot was instructed by air-traffic control to descend to 4,000 feet
and make turns, but the objects continued to follow the plane for 32 minutes 
before vanishing. US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) authorities 
claimed that the objects were tracked on radar, but had not registered
on the radar tapes.4 The story received worldwide media attention.
John Callahan was FAA Division Chief of the Accidents and Investigations 
branch at the time of the incident. Together with the Associate
Director of the FAA, Callahan was sent to Atlantic City, New Jersey, to
review all the evidence, including military radar data (which subsequently
went missing). ‘We wanted to see everything the controller saw [and] hear
everything he heard. And we wanted it all tied together; the radar, the digital
radar, and the sound,’ explained Callahan, in a statement for the Disclosure
Project in 2000. ‘It took us two days to look at all the data.’ The investigators 
returned to FAA Headquarters in Washington, DC, with a video
recording of all the data.
Vice Admiral Donald Engen was FAA Administrator at the time. At the
debriefing, Engen asked to see the video. ‘He started watching it,’ said
Callahan, ‘and after about five minutes he told his staff to cancel meetings.
So he watched the whole thing, just over half an hour. And his take was,
“Don’t talk to anybody until I give you the okay”.’ The next day, a meeting
was arranged in the FAA’s ‘round room’, at which a great amount of
material was presented. ‘They brought in three people from the FBI, three
people from the CIA, and three people from Reagan’s scientific study team.
I don’t know who the rest of the people were ...
‘We let them watch the video ... They were all excited - the only way
a man would be if that was his job. [One of the CIA agents] actually swore
all these other guys in there that this never took place: we never had this
meeting ... I said [that] if it’s a UFO, why wouldn’t you want the people
to know? [And] he says if they came out and told the American public that
they ran into a UFO out there, it would cause panic across the country. So
therefore, you can’t talk about it.’
Much of the material presented at the meeting was confiscated by the
group. However, Callahan managed to retain the original video, the pilot’s
report and the FAA’s first report.5
Captain Terauchi suffered considerable humiliation following the event,
and was given a desk job for an extended period.

PARIS

Weather conditions were fine on 28 January 1994, as an Air France Airbus
A320-111 (Flight AF3532) on the Nice-London route was cruising at
11,700 metres in the vicinity of Coulommiers in Seine-et-Marne, just east
of Paris. At around 13:10, the chief steward, who happened to be on the
flight deck at the time, pointed out what he thought was a weather balloon
to Captain Jean-Charles Duboc and his co-pilot and First Officer Valerie
Chaufour. At first, Duboc thought it was an aircraft banking at a 45-degree
angle, but all three soon agreed that the object did not resemble anything
with which they were familiar.
The excellent visibility and altocumulus clouds allowed Duboc to
estimate that the object was at an altitude of 10,500 metres, and at a
distance of approximately 46 kilometres. Taking into account its apparent
diameter, they deduced that the object was very large. It appeared to change
from a dark ‘brown bell’ to a lens shape before disappearing almost
instantaneously on the left side of the airliner, ‘as though it had suddenly
become invisible*.
Captain Duboc reported the objet volant non identifii (OVNI) to Reims
air-traffic control centre, where it was confirmed as unknown traffic.
Following standard procedure, Reims reported the OVNI to the military
Air Defence Operations Centre (CODA) at Tavemy. A few days later, Jean-
Jacques Velasco, who heads SEPRA, the French Government’s official UFO
study group, visited CODA and studied a read-out of the radar information.
It had recorded a fifty-second track showing unknown traffic, at the exact
same time and location, as it crossed the trajectory of AF3532. The object
- calculated to be 250 metres long - disappeared from radar at precisely
the same time as this was reported by the crew.6-7 8
From 1977 to 2003, SEPRA received some 6,000 reports of OVNI
sightings, of which 110 were reported by civil or military aircrew.9

MANCHESTER

Returning from Milan on 6 January 1995, two British Airways pilots,
Captain Roger Wills and First Officer Mark Stuart, flying a Boeing 737 with
sixty passengers on board, reported a near miss with an unknown structured 
craft on their approach to Manchester’s Ringway Airport. The
alarming incident occurred in the dark at 18:48, and is described in the
official summary, extracts from which follow:
The B737 pilot reports that he was over the Pennines about 8 or 9
NM SE of Manchester Airport at 4000 ft ... While flying just above
the tops of some ragged [cloud] both he and the first officer saw a
lighted object fly down the RH [right hand] side of the ac [aircraft] at
high speed from the opposite direction. He was able to track the object
through the RH windscreen and side window, having it in sight for a
total of about 2 seconds. There was no apparent sound or wake.
The first officer instantly ‘ducked’ as it went by [and] looked up
in time to see a dark object pass down the right side of the ac at high
speed; it was wedge-shaped with what could have been a black stripe
down the side ... It made no attempt to deviate from its course ...
There was no known traffic in the vicinity at the time and no radar
contacts were seen ...
In its report, the Civil Aviation Authority’s Joint Airmiss Working
Group (JAWG) concluded that: ‘Despite exhaustive investigations the
reported object remains untraced ... The Group were anxious to emphasise
that this report, submitted by two responsible airline pilots, was considered
seriously and they wished to commend the pilots for their courage in
submitting it.. .’10

CHINA

In February 1995, a Chinese pilot preparing to land his aircraft at a
Guizhou province airport, in south-west China, was forced to take violent
evasive action when unknown traffic approached him head-on. According
to a news report, his Boeing 737 was at an altitude of 2,400 metres and
starting its landing approach when the anti-collision system detected an
object rushing towards the plane. At 1,852 metres from the 737, the object
could be seen changing from a rhomboid to a circular shape, and changing
colour from yellow to red.
The pilot landed safely, though the UFO remained on the aircraft’s
radar screen for some time before disappearing in the south. The Guizhou
control tower confirmed that no other planes were in the area.11
In 1995 it was reported that the China UFO Research Organization
(CURO), though described by Wang Changting, one of its leaders, as an
‘independent, unofficial, civil, academic body’, was then housed at the
Military Weapons Industry Academic Department of the state China North
Industries Group in western Beijing. By that year, the group had collected
over 5,000 reports of UFO sightings in Chinese airspace. ‘We also study the
application of UFO phenomena to the national economy,’ Wang revealed
intriguingly, ‘such as new materials and new technologies.’12

ARGENTINA

At 20:10 on 31 July 1995, Aerolineas Argentinas Flight 734, a Boeing 727
with three crew and 102 passengers on board, was in the landing pattern
for the airport at San Carlos de Bariloche, Rio Negre province, when
Captain Jorge Polanco was forced to make a sharp manoeuvre to avoid
colliding with unknown traffic. ‘I suddenly saw a white light which was
bearing right down on us really fast before it halted about 100 metres
away,’ he said. The UFO then made a turn and flew parallel to the 727.
The object had two green lights at each end, and a flashing orange light
in the middle. ‘As I came in to land on my final approach, the lights of the
runway and airport suddenly went out,’ said Polanco. ‘I had to climb back
to 3,000 metres, always accompanied by the OVNI [objeto volante
identificado] ... When the lights came back on the ground, and I recommenced 
my descent, the OVNI then disappeared at tremendous speed.’ The
object was also seen by a Gendarmeria Piper PA-31-310 flying 600 metres
above the 727. The airliner landed an hour late.
Polanco spent some time on the flight deck recovering from the
experience. ‘We saw something similar to the image of an inverted flying
saucer, as large as a Boeing 727,’ he said, ‘and with very powerful
illumination that was blinding us.’ A reporter from La Nation on board the
plane witnessed the object, and airport officials confirmed that the airliner
had been prevented from landing on its first attempt due to the sudden
appearance of a strange object, just at the moment when the airport was
blacked out. Furthermore, instruments in the control tower were affected.
‘All the airport’s radio support was suddenly cut off,’ said airport chief
Major Jorge Orviedo, ‘and there was a blackout in the whole city.’13,14
It will be recalled that, following the UFO interception in Iran by jet
pilots in September 1976, the UFO followed one of the jets back to
Mehrabad Air Force Base and did a low-level fly-past, causing a power
blackout at the base for several seconds.
In briefing notes on the safety implications of UFO close approaches
for the Joint Airmiss Working Group in February 1995, former British
Airways captain Graham Sheppard commented:
‘It would not be surprising to discover that, in the past, unexplained
aeroplane losses have been caused by instinctive manoeuvring to avoid a
conflicting UFO ... the commercial sensibilities of the airlines should now
be set aside along with the media’s inability to give serious treatment to the
subject. Otherwise this discrete and notifiable hazard to aircraft safety will
continue to be concealed and thus gratuitously omitted from the briefing
syllabus.. ,’15


A SWISS AIRMISS

Near misses with UFOs continued to be reported by airline crews around
the world, if sporadically. At 17:07 Eastern Daylight Time on 9 August
1997, a Swissair Boeing 747-300, Flight 127 to Zurich, was on the Philadelphia 
to Boston leg when, over Long Island, New York, a cylindrical ‘glowing
white’ object, about the size of the fuselage of a small light aircraft, came
directly towards the airliner at very high speed. The 747 was in level flight
at 23,000 feet at the time of the incident, and cruising at 390 mph indicated
(570 mph true air speed) in a cloudless sky. The pilots, Captain Philippe
Bobet and First Officer Kurt Grunder, were interviewed separately in
Boston on the following day by officials from the National Transportation
Safety Board, the FAA and the FBI.
\.. when turning [my] head from left to straight ahead, and while
talking to passengers on PA, I spotted an unidentifiable flying object,’
reported Bobet to Swissair flight operations officials in Zurich. ‘The path of
the UFO was from [the] opposite direction, slightly right. Estimated horizontal 
distance: between 100 and 200 feet above aircraft. At the same time,
I saw the First Officer plunging his head down towards his knees. The F/O
mentioned later that he thought we would get hit by the object. UFO speed
appeared to be very high.’ The duration of the event was about a second.
No noise could be heard from the object, and there was no trail or
wake turbulence. It did not trigger the 747’s electronic traffic/collision
avoidance system (TCAS), indicating that if it was an aircraft, it was not
using a transponder. Nor was the object tracked on radar. The most logical
explanation that comes to mind is that it must have been a guided missile.
Only thirteen months earlier, a Boeing 747 of Trans World Airways (Flight
800) disintegrated off the coast of Long Island, killing all on board.
Although the official explanation blamed an explosion in the central fuel
tank, rumours persisted in the aviation business that the 747 had been hit
by a missile. Don Berliner and Robert J. Durant, authors of a book on the
Swissair event, are sceptical in the case of Flight 127. ‘[The pilots] could
easily have seen fins or wings, but saw none,’ they report. ‘To the best of
our knowledge, there are no small- to medium-sized missiles without such
flight-control surfaces. Nor was there any evidence of an exhaust [and] a
missile would have been “seen” by the radar that was tracking Swissair
127...’
The object was officially explained as a weather balloon, which had
been spotted by a United Airlines flight in nearly the same location and at
the same height - but seventy-two minutes after the Swissair incident. ‘No
weather balloon could have been airborne at that time because they only
last for one hour, and by the time of the United report, a total of eleven
hours would have elapsed since the last [known] launching/ conclude
Berliner and Durant.16

CHILE

In 2003, members of the Defence Committee of the Chilean Chamber
of Deputies analysed, for the first time, information on UFOs (OVNI).
During its session on 26 August, they heard testimony - largely concerning 
reports from pilots and air traffic controllers - from the Comite de
Estudios de Fen6menos Aereos Andmalos (CEFAA), and from the director
of OVNIVISION, another Chilean research group. Deputy Arturo Car-
demil, Chairman of the Defence Committee, told the media that UFOs
had sometimes disrupted air-traffic operations.17 And, occasionally, they
continue to do so. The following reports - if true - are among the most
disturbing commercial cases I have studied.

DUBLIN/IRISH CHANNEL

At 20:30 on 4 January 2004, an Aer Lingus Boeing 737-448, EI-BXD, with
135 people on board, was approaching the east coast of Ireland, 15 nautical
miles from the Ashbourne VOR (Very High Frequency Omni-Directional
Range) beacon, before landing at Dublin Airport. The QDM (the Q-code
term for a magnetic heading to a beacon) was 190 degrees, and the QDR
(to fly from a beacon) 010 degrees. The chart position of the airliner was
53 degrees 31 minutes north, and about 6 degrees west. The 737 was being
followed in for landing on Runway 10 by a British Midland Airbus A330-
200 at a distance of 6 miles. Both aircraft were at an altitude of 3,000 feet
AMSL (above mean sea level), and speeds were 250 knots.
According to Dermot Butler and Carl Nally, Ireland’s leading UFO
investigators, as the 737 approached the Slane area, some 30 miles northwest 
of Dublin, the A330 crew observed unidentified traffic take off
vertically from a field. The object had very bright strobe-lights, and was
triangular in shape. ‘The triangular UFO began to circle the 737, and the
crew of the 737 experienced a power drain on their aircraft/ reports Carl
Nally, who is a private pilot:

At this point, the A330 could observe a purplish glow surrounding the
Aer Lingus 737. As the UFO flew in front of the 737, at the same
altitude and a short distance in front of them, the Captain requested a
vector [heading] to avoid collision. Even though they were on a VOR
track, air traffic control (ATC) gave the 737 an eight-degree vector to
avoid the UFO, as ATC had the UFO on radar. This is a very unusual
procedure, as it upsets other aircraft following behind, and may require
vector changes to all aircraft, incoming and outgoing.
The 737 Captain filed a ‘near miss’ with ATC. The UFO angled off
to the port side, and a huge wake turbulence was experienced as the
737 was violently shaken and the outside air temperature rose to +164
degrees Centigrade, as the huge UFO scorched through the air - as
shown on the systems display digital readout. This lasted about 15
seconds. The only other phenomenon that can cause this effect is
lightning. All of this was witnessed by the Airbus crew, who also
experienced the wake turbulence. The UFO headed southeast at great
speed.
When the Aer Lingus 737 landed, the crew could not raise the
speed brakes [spoilers], on the wings, more than a quarter the distance
up. They were then requested to go to Stand 132 by the Air Marshal.
The aircraft was examined, and the wings found to be badly damaged,
as if dented by a hammer. There was also aircraft skin damage and
hydraulic damage to the speed brakes, caused by the UFO wake. The
pilots were then told to go home for two days.
The second encounter with an airliner is reported to have occurred at
22:30 that same evening, involving an Airbus A330-200, leased from
AtlasAir (USA) and chartered by Air Tours (Tack No./Call Sign, Tour
Jet.N), with 213 people on board. As in the previous incident, the plane
was approaching the east coast, bound for Dublin Airport, when the crew
observed a flashing strobe light over the Slane area. Carl Nally’s report
continues:
As they throttled back to 230 KTS [knots] at 2,500 feet, the UFO took
on a triangular shape [and] was now in front of the aircraft and gave
off a continuous, very bright flashing light (like a camera flash). The
crew were advised by ATC to vector 10 degrees to avoid the UFO. As
they began to take up the new heading, the UFO began to circle the
aircraft in a very aggressive manner. The crew were terrified, and
expected a collision with the UFO, which was approximately 360 feet
in span. The Captain filed a ‘near miss’ with ATC.
As the craft continued its aggressive manoeuvres, the aircraft’s
interior lights grew dim (power drain), and at this point the Captain
drew the attention of the passengers to the ‘strange craft’ circling the
aeroplane. The passengers had already been observing this, and were
now beginning to feel panicked.
This scenario went on for about 8 to 10 minutes. At one terrifying 
point in the confrontation, the wake turbulence from the huge
UFO shook the aircraft violently and activated the ‘wind shear’ warning 
device (which also records the stress on the aircraft and pitches
the aircraft down to compensate and avoid stall). All through this
episode, other aircraft in the area were observing the encounter and
listening in to the radio transmissions between ATC and the Airbus.
The plane was vectored in on finals to Runway 10, and just two
minutes before landing, the UFO took off southeast and shot into the
distance.
‘After landing and completing their flight logs,’ reported Carl, ‘the crew
corresponded with the other pilots about the experience. The general
consensus was that the area north of the VOR, i.e. the Navan/Slane area,
has become an area where UFOs have been a regular occurrence over the
past three to four years. Most pilots won’t talk about their observations/
encounters for fear of repercussions from employers. As usual, ATC have
denied any UFO activity in the area.’18
The crews were badly shaken by these experiences, and the Aer Lingus
737 (EI-BXD) was taken out of service, according to Dermot and Carl, who
later reported the story to the press. ‘This story hasn’t got an ounce of
credibility,’ said Irish Aviation Authority spokesperson Lilian Cassin. ‘There
is no way that air-traffic control would give a vector around an unknown
object ... If the aircraft was damaged in the way they say it was, a report
would have been filed [and] there was no incident requiring attention.’19
The stories are difficult to believe. I do not doubt the integrity of Carl
and Dermot, and I can understand that the crews concerned do not wish
their identities to be revealed, but I find it incomprehensible that not one
passenger has come forward by now, particularly since the captain of the
A330-200 is said to have alerted the passengers. In November 2004 I met
Carl and Dermot in Dublin, together with Graham Sheppard and his wife,
Margaret, to discuss the case in depth. Later I gave an interview to a local
newspaper, which reported that these were among the most compelling
aerial encounters I was aware of. An appeal in the same article for
passengers to contact Carl and Dermot has led nowhere to date.20
Carl and Dermot conducted an exhaustive investigation, contacting Aer
Lingus, Dublin Airport authorities including Aer Rianta Police and Fire
personnel, FLS Aerospace (aircraft maintenance), and the local Beaumont
Hospital (which had been put on emergency alert on the evening of the
incidents). Excerpts from some replies to Dermot Butler follow:
- FLS Aerospace: \ .. any enquiries relating to Aer Lingus aircraft must be
made directly to the Airline/21
Chief Airport Fire Officer (Aer Rianta): ‘As it is our policy not to
comment on a specific call-out regarding a specific airline, I suggest that
you contact Aer Lingus/22
- Aer Lingus: \ .. in order to find out about what happened to Aer Lingus
Boeing 737-400 EI-BXD, I need the flight number and where the flight
was travelling from/23 [Unfortunately these were not known.]
- Beaumont Hospital, Dublin: ‘With regard to your enquiry about an
incident in January ... it would be more appropriate for you to direct this
to the Authorities at Dublin Airport/24
- Irish Aviation Authority: ‘Any questions relating to the Dublin Airport’s
emergency services will have to be addressed to Aer Rianta. Likewise, your
questions about aircraft EI-BXD should be addressed to the aircraft’s
operator, Aer Lingus.’25
There are indications that the responses by various authorities are
disingenuous. Aer Lingus, for example, could easily have identified the
flight number of EI-BXD had they chosen to do so. Although no passengers
have come forward, neither has anyone come forward to say that they were
on that plane at the time and that nothing happened at all. Furthermore,
Carl and Dermot, and a well-qualified friend of mine in the aviation
business, encountered stumbling blocks when attempting to access the
aircraft’s maintenance logs. Regarding Beaumont Hospital, Dermot received
a ‘no comment’ when he asked if Dublin Airport had put them on an
emergency standby. Subsequently, he received written confirmation that
the external emergency services (ambulances and fire engines) were called
in to the airport on the night in question, although, curiously, no press
release to this effect - a standard procedure - was forthcoming.
It needs to be pointed out that neither Carl nor Dermot actually met
any of the pilots involved in the incidents: the story came to them from
two airline pilots whose information they have come to rely on over the
years. These sources are prepared to testify, should the need arise.
When I went to Dublin on 8 November 2004 for the meeting with Carl
and Dermot the following day, I made a point of flying with Aer Lingus
(A321, EI-CHP, Flight EI157). I had written a short letter to the pilots,
asking if they were aware of the incidents and giving contact numbers of
the principal researchers, as well as Graham Sheppard and myself. I handed
the letter, in an open envelope, to the flight attendant and asked if she
would kindly take it to the flight deck. She returned shortly afterwards,
looking agitated. ‘They’re not accepting that,’ she said brusquely. ‘May I
ask why?’ She merely repeated what she had said.
The 737-448 re-entered service with Aer Lingus following maintenance
or repairs (or both), and was cancelled from the Irish registry in November
2004, and then sold to Thai Airways for the use of HRH Crown Prince
Maha Vajiralongkom, with its new registration - HS-HRH.
Another incident is reported by Dermot Butler and Carl Nally to have
occurred to another commercial aircraft in the small hours of 30 June 2005
(or thereabouts - the co-pilot is reluctant to give the precise date), following
sightings of unidentified lights over Dublin Airport. The co-pilot is known
to Carl and Dermot but does not wish any identifying information to be
published. A UFO some 30 feet wide and 10 feet high approached
dangerously close to the aircraft at its altitude of 3,000 feet. Intense waves
of heat and wake turbulence were experienced. After heading in the
direction of Malahide, the unknown craft returned and began further
harassment, causing the plane to become uncontrollable for a few minutes.
London Air Traffic Control Centre (LATCC) was contacted shortly
afterwards and confirmed the presence of unauthorized traffic. A strobe
light on the UFO induced feelings of dizziness and nausea, and the co-pilot
vomited several times, but then suddenly both pilots felt strangely relaxed.
‘The craft then started getting aggressive with us, coming for us and then
flying away at great speed. How it didn’t hit us I don’t know, as it seemed
inches away, not feet,’ the co-pilot claims. ‘At one time I had to bank the
plane to the starboard. It was so much of a turn that the aircraft went
nearly sideways up.’
We reported to London: ‘[Flight] needs assistance ... We have a
hostile craft and we have made dangerous manoeuvres to avoid it.
Repeat, we need emergency assistance. It’s trying to take us out of the
sky’ ... The captain spoke to the passengers, to say we were going
through bad weather, and not to worry ... [ATC] called us and said
they were scrambling the RAF ... The UFO came at us again ... I
really thought we were dead. Twenty-five minutes later the RAF
[Tornados] showed up at a safe distance from us. There was nothing
we or they could do ... It was just so damn fast.
The commercial aircraft was escorted by the Tornados to a certain UK
airport, the UFO accompanying them all the way. ‘We were told by certain
people not to say a word of what happened, and were reminded again in a
very unfriendly manner,’ claims the co-pilot.
Did this terrifying event really happen? Dermot and Carl, at least,
believe so. Additional information on this and the previous cases has been
published in their book, Conspiracy of Silence.26

ARGENTINA AND MEXICO

In the last week of July 2005, just as an airliner was making its final
approach to the local airport at Santa Rosa, La Pampa, Argentina at 19:30,
the airport control tower operator noticed an unknown, luminous object
moving slowly and parallel to the aircraft. The flight plan operator was
alerted by the tower operator, and they both saw the object stop in its
tracks. It then emitted a brilliant flash of blue-white fight, moved again,
emitted another flash, and then vanished. At no point was the object seen
by the airliner’s crew.27
In the first week of October 2005, the crew of a Magnicharter Boeing
737-300 (XA-MAA) encountered a highly luminous, disc-shaped object.
The event is reported to have occurred at 12:30 in the air corridor of the
Mexican state of Oaxaca, at an altitude of 20,000 feet, in perfect weather
conditions.
The crew said that the object emerged from a cloud and then entered
another, at an estimated distance of 10 nautical miles from the aircraft.
Earlier, another Magnicharter airliner reported a strange, static sphere
above the World Trade Centre air corridor in Mexico City.28

UFO HOVERS OVER O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

Of the several incidents regarding unidentified conflicting traffic reported
subsequent to publication of the first edition of this book, the most
interesting occurred at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on 7
November 2006, when a mysterious, saucer-shaped craft was seen hovering
over a terminal, in restricted airspace, for several minutes at around 16:30,
just before sunset.
The incident was witnessed by a group of airline and airport employees,
including pilots. They described a grey disc-shaped object, estimated up to
7.3 metres (24 feet) in diameter, without any fights and making no noise.
It was defined under an overcast sky, just below the 580-metre (1,900-feet)
cloud base. It then shot up, leaving a clear hole in the clouds which took
several minutes to close over.
Although the object was dismissed by a Federal Aviation Administration 
spokesperson as a weather phenomenon and purportedly was not
seen by airport control tower staff nor tracked on radar, the eyewitnesses
were certain, as reported by Paul Simons, that ‘this was not a plane,
helicopter, weather balloon or any other craft known to man’.29
*
At the time of writing, these were the latest reports involving airliners to
come to my attention. While most incidents do not involve harassment,
some UFOs evidently pose a threat to aviation safety. Moreover, if the
alleged incidents reported by the pilots in Ireland, for example, did in fact
occur as described, we can begin to appreciate perhaps at least one of the
reasons why governments are so determined to keep the lid down.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. People's Daily, 28 July and 9 August 1985.
2. Sunday Express, London, 25 August 1985.
3. Hastings, David J., ‘Across the USA in a Cessna Skymaster’, Pilot, June 2000,
pp. 56-9.
4. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Pan,
1997, pp. 280-3.
5. Greer, Steven M., Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the
Greatest Secrets in Modem History, Crossing Point, PO Box 265, Corzet, VA
22932, 2001, pp. 79-85.
6. Les OVNI et la Difense: A quoi doit-on se preparer? (UFOs and Defence: What
Should We Prepare For?), an independent report by COMETA, published in VSD
magazine, GS Press-Communication, 1999, p. 11. vsd_hs@worldnet.fr
7. Thouanel, Bernard, Objets Volants Non Identifies, Michel LAFON, Paris, 2003,
pp. 189-90.
8. Sage, Adam, ‘Salut, Earthlings’, The Times, London, 5 February 2003, T2, p. 7.
9. Ibid.
10. Commercial Air Transport Airmiss Reports (January-April 1995), Joint Airmiss
Working Group, Civil Aviation Authority, January 1996.
11. People's Daily, 28 July and 9 August 1985.
12. Sunday Express, London, 25 August 1985.
13.	Agence France-Presse, 1 August 1995.
14. De Vedia, Mariano, and Arenes, Carolina, ‘A reporter from La Nation was in the
plane when a UFO was seen over Bariloche’, Nafion, Buenos Aires, 2 August
1995.
15. Sheppard, Captain Graham, Safety Implications of Close Approaches.
Briefing Notes prepared for the Joint Airmiss Working Group, 20 February
1995.
16. Berliner, Don, and Durant, Robert J., Near Miss with a UFO: Swissair Flight 127,
The UFO Research Coalition, Fairfax, Virginia, 1999. ISBN 1-928957-00-05.
Available from the Center for UFO Studies, 2457 W. Petersen Avenue, Chicago,
IL 60659.
17. Filer’s Files, #36-2003, 3 September 2003.
18. Nally, Carl, ‘Aircraft Buzzed by Giant Triangular UFO over Slane’, UPRI
Newsletter, Issue 1, 2004, pp. 29-30. UFO and Paranormal Research Ireland, PO
Box 7041, Harmonstown, Dublin 5, Ireland. UPRI@oceanfree.net
19. Jennings, Noelle, ‘Boyne Valley UFO claims are denied’, Drogheda Leader, 19 May
2004.
20. Jenkinson, Kevin, ‘Expert on Trail of Irish UFO’, The Star, Dublin, 20 November
2004.
21. Letter from Frank Buggie, Quality Assurance Manager, FLS Aerospace, Dublin
Airport, March 2004.
22. Letter from Gerry Keogh, Chief Airport Fire Officer, 19 April 2004.
23. Letter from Fiona Carren, Customer Care, Aer Lingus, 27 April 2004.
24. Letter from Liam Duffy, Chief Executive, Beaumont Hospital, 31 May 2004.
25. Letter from Lilian Cassin, Corporate Communications Manager, Irish Aviation
Authority, 27 July 2004.
26. Butler, Dermot, and Nally, Carl, Conspiracy of Silence: UFOs in Ireland, Mercier
Press, Cork, Ireland, 2006.
27. Report from Raul Oscar Chaves, CIUFOS-LaPampa, in Inexplicata, The Journal of
Hispanic Ufology, 14 October 2005.	**
28. Report from Ana Luisa Cid, Inexplicata, 20 October 2005.
29. Simons, Paul, ‘Flying saucer punches a hole in the clouds’, The Times, 10 January
2007. For additional information, see www.narcap.org
An article from China Daily (27 August 1985) concerning a scientific conference on
UFOs held in Darlian during which some forty papers were presented. ‘There is great
interest in China, and 20,000 people are involved in UFO research ... UFOs are an
unsolved mystery, exerting a profound influence around the world.’ (China Daily)
China Daily 27.8.85U


F
O
6-22
MANUAL OF AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES Part 1
Chapter 4
3 UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
A controller receiving a report about an unidentified flying object must obtain as much as
possible of the information required to complete a report in the format shown below.
Report of Unidentified Flying Object
A. Date, Time and Duration of Sighting. Local limes to be quoted.
B. Description of Object. Number of objects, size, shape, colours, brightness, sound, smell, etc.
C. Exact Position of Observer. Geographical location. Indoors or outdoors, stationary or moving.
D. How Observed. Naked eye, binoculars, other optical device, still or movie camera.
E. Direction In which Object was First Seen. A landmark may be more useful than a badly estimated bearing.
F. Angular Elevation of Object. Estimated heights are unreliable.
G. Distance of Object from Observer. By reference to a known landmark wherever possible.
H. Movements of Object.Changes in E. F and G may be of more use than estimates of course and speed.
J. Meteorological Conditions During Observations. Moving clouds, haze, mist, etc.
K. Nearby Objects. Telephone or high-voltage lines; reservoir, lake or dam; swamp or marsh; river; high
buildings, tall chimneys, steeples, spires, TV or radio masts; airfields, generating plant;
factories; pits or other sites with floodlights or other lighting.
L. To Whom Reported. Police, military organisations, the press, etc.
M. Name and Address of Informant.
N. Any Background Information on the Informant that may be Volunteered.
O. Other Witnesses.
P.Date and Time of Receipt of Report n
The details are to be telephoned immediately to AIS (Military), LATCC.
The completed report is to be sent by the originating air traffic service unit to the Ministry of
Defence Sec (AS).
A LIST OF TELEPHONE NUMBERS AND LOCATIONS IS SHOWN IN THE
DIRECTORY AT APPENDIX 'H'14.11.91
AMENDMENT 9

Ministry of Defence instructions to air traffic controllers for the reporting of UFO
sightings, as set out in the Manual of Air Traffic Services (MATS) in 1991. Details are
to be telephoned immediately to the Air Information Service (Military), London Air
Traffic Control Centre. (M.R. Sutton, Editor, MATS Part I/Civil Aviation Authority)


============================================================================
27. STAR WARS

One of the most frequently raised objections to the presence of actual alien
vehicles and their occupants here on Earth - or anywhere else for that
matter - is the assumed absence of scientific proof. First of all, it needs to
be stressed that scientific evidence, per se, is in abundance: it exists in
photos and films, radar and sonar records, electrical interference (sometimes 
on a wide scale), unexplained background radiation and/or chemical
changes at landing sites, tens of thousands of military and intelligence
reports, and testimony from thousands of unimpeachable sources such as
pilots, astronauts, naval officers, and so on, as we have seen. However, it is
true that proof remains elusive - at least, for the great mass of humanity.
And that is no accident. The proof - such as recovered alien vehicles and
communication with their crews - is there, but it is being denied to the
general public, as well as to an overwhelming majority of scientists.
‘Perhaps the most important problem with American science is that it
depends heavily on the Pentagon for support,’ says science journalist Terry
Hansen in his book The Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO
Cover-up. ‘The Pentagon’s objectives are subversive to those of traditional
science. In order to make progress, scientists must be able to communicate
their findings to the wider community of researchers - something the
Pentagon often prevents for national-security reasons. Consequently, science 
has become divided into private science and public
‘The findings of private science are not available to those who don’t
have the necessary security clearances [and] in addition, the Pentagon has
an incentive to ensure that knowledge acquired by private science is not
independently discovered by public science ... There is evidence that
private science understands much more about the UFO phenomenon than
public science,’ adds Hansen.1 He also believes that ‘to provide the
impression that there is strong consensus among leading Americans that
UFOs are non-existent or unimportant, intelligence officials would recruit
influential people as media spokespersons. Many of the nation’s most
famous academics and journalists are already employed by the US government, 
and have signed appropriate secrecy agreements.. .’2
417
Hansen cites Carl Bernstein’s 1977 expose that more than 400 American
journalists secretly carried out assignments for the CIA over a twenty-five-
year period. ‘Often, these assignments were conducted with the blessing of
news-organization management ... assignments included, but were not
limited to, planting disinformation and propaganda.’3 Historical precedents
for such measures include the Manhattan Project to develop the atom bomb,
and the torpedoing by German U-boats of nearly 300 merchant ships off
the US East Coast, with heavy loss of life, during the early years of America’s
involvement in the Second World War. ‘Through the use of military secrecy,
censorship, official denials, cover stories, and co-operative journalists,’ says
Hansen, ‘the true story was suppressed until long after the war was over.’4
‘The evidence is now so consistent and so overwhelming that no
reasonably intelligent person can deny that something unexplained is going
on in our atmosphere,’ wrote Admiral of the Fleet Lord Hill-Norton,
former Chief of the Defence Staff (UK) and Chairman of the NATO
Military Committee, in his foreword to Beyond Top Secret. ‘I have often
wondered if the ridicule heaped on the subject in British newspapers is the
reaction of ignorance, even fear of the unknown, by the third-rate journalists 
concerned, or whether, rather more dangerously, it has been inspired
by some higher authority.’5
Not all the proof for alien activity on Earth is withheld by government-
employed scientists. In previous books, I cite case after case involving the
mutilation of animals - mostly cattle - predominantly reported in Central,
North and South America. Typically, animals are found with vital organs
missing: eyes, tongues, udders, sexual organs and rectal area removed with
super-surgical precision, and blood completely drained (exsanguinated),
with no traces of either blood or footprints (for example) on the ground.
Further, in a number of cases, the animals appear to have been dropped
from a certain height. Not only have unknown flying objects been reported
in the vicinity; on rare occasions the animals have been observed being
levitated aboard the craft.
While satanic cults and predators are blamed by officialdom for these
disturbing occurrences, the scientific evidence proves otherwise. As Dr
Pierre Guerin of the French Institute of Astrophysics told me in 1984: ‘The
testimonial facts are always doubtful, but the material facts, independent of
the witnesses - in the case of the mutilations - are of a superior degree.’6
My friend the late Dr John Altshuler, a haematologist and leading civilian
expert on these mutilations, accumulated thousands of tissue samples from
mutilated animals, a number of which I examined through a microscope in
his laboratory. He repeatedly emphasized that no known technology on
Earth could have been responsible for the mutilations.7

SPECIAL ACCESS

I have learned that a number of so-called ‘deep black’ Special Access
Programs (SAPs) in the US military and intelligence community deal with
alien matters. Being part and parcel of weapons and intelligence programmes, 
they are not classed as a discrete matter.
SAPs may be ‘acknowledged’ or ‘unacknowledged’, the latter referred
to as ‘core secrets’, explains science and aerospace writer Bill Sweetman.
Those with a ‘need to know’, who are briefed or ‘read in’ on an unacknowledged 
SAP, are required to deny its very existence - even a ‘no comment’
would be a serious breach of security. It can happen that even a general
responsible for certain programmes, for instance, would not necessarily be
briefed on the existence of a programme that normally should be within
his jurisdiction. The wall of denial in the deep black world can thus be
maintained by both deception and deliberately designed lack of cognizance,
leading to apparently honest denial, says Sweetman.8,9
It is assumed that the US President, as Commander-in-Chief of the US
Military, would automatically be briefed on the alien problem. Not so.
There is no presidential prerogative - though those with a military background 
stand a better chance! And ‘need-to-know’ principles still apply.
President Bill Clinton is on the record as having asked his Attorney General,
Stuart Webster Hubbell, to look into the matter, and reportedly was
dissatisfied with the information - or rather the lack of information - that
came back.10
A number of former presidents, such as Truman and Eisenhower,
gained access as a matter of course. Others have been briefed, in varying
degrees, and some have even been exposed either to alien craft, and/or the
aliens themselves - dead or alive. President Richard Nixon, for example, is
reported to have arranged for his friend Jackie Gleason, the comedian and
musician, to view alien bodies at Homestead Air Force Base, Florida, in
1973.11
In 2003 I wrote to President George H. Walker Bush, a former US
Navy pilot and Director of Central Intelligence, care of a retired military
friend, requesting a dialogue ‘to discuss matters pertaining to aerial and
submarine phenomena [since] it has been my feeling for many years that
you might have more knowledge of these delicate matters than other
Presidents and Directors of Central Intelligence’.
‘Mr Bush appreciated hearing from you,’ replied his assistant, ‘and
while he appreciates the spirit of your request, he must respectfully decline
[owing to] the many requests he receives for personal appointments .. .’12
Regarding the present incumbent, a friend of mine who knows President 
George W. Bush (a former Air National Guard pilot), queried him in
the White House a few years ago about the subject. ‘Ask Cheney,’ came the
terse reply (referring to Dick Cheney, the current Vice-President).
It has long been rumoured that President J.F. Kennedy, whose Navy
career included commanding the motor torpedo boat PT-109 in the Second
World War, was well informed about the subject. In Alien Base, for instance,
I allude to his secret meeting in Washington, DC, with George Adamski,
who had been contacted by extraterrestrials and who liaised with a number
of high-ranking military personnel and politicians at the time, including
those in the UK (such as Lord Dowding and Lord Mountbatten, on one
occasion). In addition to holding a passport bearing special privileges,
Adamski held a US Government Ordnance Department card which gave
him access to all US military bases and to certain restricted areas. He told
my friend Madeleine Rodeffer that Kennedy had a meeting with extraterrestrials 
at a secret Air Force base in Desert Hot Springs, California.13
In early 2006 I received some important information from an impeccable 
source who was close to Kennedy and a member of the White House
Staff at the time that Kennedy had been granted ‘special access’. My source
does not wish to be identified. ‘As you would expect from any ex-military
officer,’ he explained, ‘a strong sense of patriotism and loyalty exists, even
after retirement and a long passage of time. However, the following may be
helpful...’
Around 1961/62 President J.F. Kennedy expressed a wish so see the
alien bodies associated with an alien crash-site. He had obviously been
informed of their existence and wished to see for himself the evidence.
General McCue was in charge of the arrangements at the time and Air
Force One was used to take Kennedy and other top brass on this visit.
The purpose of the flight was closely guarded; however, the reason for
Kennedy’s flight became evident to senior personnel on board, through
unguarded comments and the whispering which went on. Remember,
even the pilots were members of the White House Staff, ex-military
and trusted implicitly.
The whispering or muted talk was mainly about the metal-like
material from the crash site and the unique properties of this; apparently 
very light, flexible and seemingly indestructible, of unknown
origin ... and nothing like it on Earth.
Originally the alien bodies were located at [Wright-Patterson] and
later removed to Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida, near [Panama City]
... According to information received, the alien bodies were taken to
Florida when Kennedy went to see them [at] a medical facility. They
have probably been moved around over time.
‘Since any alien evidence has been covered up for as long as rumour
has existed,’ continued my source, ‘the US authorities are unlikely to admit
their complicity or make information available to you. There will probably
be no official record of the AF1 [Air Force One] visit as this was Top Secret
at the time ... There is clearly an international agreement in force between
all governments to withhold information on alien and UFO phenomena.’

ALIEN LIAISON

‘I have recently become troubled and interested in the mounting series of
reports and indications of unreported or unidentified airborne vehicles,’
begins a letter written in 1992 by a friend of mine, then Counsel to the
Senate Appropriations Committee for National Security matters.
I would be very interested in discussing these matters with individuals
who you believe may shed light on the nature and/or origin of such
technologies, and the history and nature of any relationships that have
been developed between entities of the United States Government or
other organizations with such phenomena. I am prepared to engage in
such discussions under whatever ground rules might be necessary and
can ensure that the identity of the sources of such information will be
completely protected ...
\
The letter (see p. 430) had been sent to the late Karl T. Pflock, former
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense and CIA intelligence officer, who
later wrote two books on the Roswell incident (see Chapter 5). He did not
respond. At the time, I was assisting the Senate writer by recommending
certain people I knew who had either had experience of, or inside
knowledge about, the subject matter, to contact him. In time, and with
assistance from others, he amassed a great deal of hearsay evidence, but
was never able to gain access to the most sensitive information being
withheld in the military and intelligence communities. As Robert Crowley,
former CIA Deputy Director of Operations, confirmed to my agent, Andrew
Lownie, in 1986: ‘UFOs are the most sensitive subject in the intelligence
community.’
As far as Congress is concerned, in 1962 Arthur Sylvester, Assistant
Secretary of Defense, Public Affairs, told the press at a briefing that, if
deemed necessary for reasons of national security, information about UFOs
would not be furnished to Congress, let alone the American public.14 This
is not to say that no one in Congress is aware of the problem: I know of
several who are well informed.
During a dinner party in 1989, an Executive Branch employee revealed
to Anthony L. Kimery, the award-winning editor and journalist referenced
earlier, who covers global security, intelligence and defence issues, that he
had seen a top-secret National Security Council report in which high-level
references to the National Security Agency were made. The report had
been prepared as a briefing paper for the new administration of President
George H.W. Bush, at the Department of State’s Bureau of Intelligence and
Research (INR) office. Allegedly, the report referred to the operation of a
government facility dealing specifically with the alien situation, located
somewhere along the northern New Mexico border.
‘The source said the report indicated that this “facility was deep
underground”,’ writes Kimery, ‘and had to do with the development of a
“super-computer”, along the lines of artificial intelligence, utilizing alien
technology apparently provided by alien beings themselves, who, the source
said, “I got the impression were running the show”...’ As mentioned in
Chapter 6,1 have learned that the facility is (or was) located in the nuclear-
weapons storage area within the Manzano Mountains.
‘The source has been responsible for providing crucial information to
support a number of stories on covert operations and national security
matters [which have] been published in some of the nation’s most influential 
newspapers and magazines,’ Kimery points out. ‘Those present at the
dinner, including a man previously attached to the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
believe he did see the document.. .’15
According to an analyst with the Army’s Intelligence and Threat
Analysis Center (ITAC), Kimery learned, significant black budget monies
are regularly funnelled through ITAC to deal with the UFO problem. ‘Some
of these funds are earmarked for secret programmes run by the NSA; both
the NSA and CIA are said to work closely with the ITAC.’16
In 1989, on my behalf and that of Lord Hill-Norton, investigator Bob
Oechsler spoke by telephone to Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, whose former
posts include that of Director of the NSA as well as Deputy Director of the
CIA and Director of Naval Intelligence. At one point in the recorded
conversation, Oechsler asked: ‘Do you anticipate that any of the recovered
vehicles would ever become available for technological research - outside
of the military circles?’
‘I honestly don’t know,’ responded Admiral Inman. ‘Ten years ago the
answer would have been no. Whether as time has evolved they are
beginning to become more open on it, there’s a possibility ...’ 17 When
the story came out, Inman claimed to a reporter that the subject of the
conversation had been submarines, not aliens.
In Unearthly Disclosure, I reveal information acquired via high-ranking
source indicating that a number of alien craft have been recovered, and
that elements of the military and scientific intelligence community have
been engaged in developing, with alien assistance, the highly advanced
propulsion systems that power these craft. Is it possible that the United
States has now developed such craft, capable of space travel? Circumstantial
evidence suggests that this is indeed the case.
Ben R. Rich, who died in 1995, headed Lockheed Martin’s ‘Skunk Works’,
which developed Stealth aircraft, among others. On 23 March 1993, Rich
gave a presentation at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA)
School of Engineering Alumni, and among those present was Jan Harzan,
an IBM engineer/executive and UCLA graduate. ‘He cut off the presentation
at the F-117 stealth fighter, and said that anything since then he was not
able to talk about due to national security reasons,’ Harzan related to me.
‘His last slide was a black disc zipping off into outer space, and he ended
the talk with these words: “We now have the technology to take ET home.” ’
After the presentation, a group of fifteen to twenty people - including
Harzan and another person known to me - gathered around the great man
for informal discussion. ‘We now know how to travel to the stars, and it
will not take us a lifetime to do it,’ revealed Rich at one point. ‘We have
found the error in the equations, and we now know how to travel to the
stars.’'
‘He was very vocai that the blanket of secrecy that he and his people
had been forced to work under was no longer necessary,’ Harzan continues,
‘and that this technology should be brought out from the “Black” world
and put to use in the “White” world for the benefit of humanity ... My
feeling is that he was ready to go public.’18

STAR WARS

‘UFOs are as real as the airplanes that fly over your head,’ declared the
Hon. Paul Hellyer, a former Canadian Minister of Defence (1963-7) under
Prime Minister Lester Pearson, and Deputy Prime Minister under Pierre
Trudeau, during an extraordinary half-hour speech he delivered to the
Toronto Exopolitics Symposium Conference on UFOs, held at the University 
of Toronto on 25 September 2005.19
Although well aware of UFO reports during his tenure as Minister of
Defence, Hellyer did not became really interested until reading The Day
After Roswell by Colonel Philip J. Corso, former head of the US Army’s
Foreign Technology Division, and later a member of President Eisenhower’s
National Security Council (Chapter 5).
In his book, Corso describes weapons incorporating alien technology,
including advanced particle-beam weapons. Among the early weapons
systems developed for this purpose were ‘Saint’ and ‘Blue Gemini’, which
were ‘outgrowths of USAF 7795, a code number for the USAF’s first satellite
programme [which was] designed to locate, track, and destroy enemy
surveillance satellites or, more importantly, orbiting UFOs ... Both of these
weapons, under the cover of other missions, of course, were eventually
deployed, and today they form one of the lines of defence in an anti-missile
and anti-UFO surveillance system.’
Corso also claimed that the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), or ‘Star
Wars’ (currently known as the Missile Defense Shield), a space-based
defence system ostensibly first designed to protect the USA from an all-out
nuclear attack by the USSR, was developed - with the USSR’s knowledge -
to counter an alien threat.20 Dr Rimili Avramenko, a senior engineer in the
Russian SDI programme, contends that information from the ongoing
study of UFOs has been incorporated in his own country’s SDI programme. 
In conversation with reporter George Knapp, for instance, he
referred to one programme as ‘the weapon of the aliens’.21
‘We both knew who the real targets of SDI were,’ Corso revealed. ‘It
was the UFOs, alien spacecraft thinking themselves invulnerable and invisible ... 
swooping down at will to destroy our communications with EMP
[electro-magnetic pulse] bursts, buzz our spacecraft, colonize our lunar surface, 
mutilate cattle in their own horrendous biological experiments, and
even abduct human beings for their medical tests and hybridization of the
species.. ,’22
‘The secrecy involved in all matters pertaining to the Roswell incident
was unparalleled,’ continued Hellyer. ‘The classification was, from the
outset, above Top Secret, so the vast majority of US officials and politicians
- let alone a mere allied Minister of Defence - were never in the loop.
‘Furthermore, when the alien technology was fed to US industry, at no
time was the source revealed. Colonel Corso had the perfect cover: it was
foreign technology that he was providing - ostensibly something picked up
from the Soviets or the Germans. No questions were allowed and no
explanations given. And, as you might expect in a country with three
separate military services, the Army, Air Force, and Navy did not share
their secrets ...’
After reading Corso’s book, Hellyer telephoned a friend, a retired US
Air Force general, to verify Corso’s claims. ‘Every word of it is true - and
more,’ declared the general. ‘We then spent twenty minutes or so discussing
the “and more”’, continued Hellyer, ‘to the extent he could without
revealing classified material. What he said was just as fascinating and
compelling as the book.’
There is a problem for Earthlings. Within hours of the crash at
Roswell, US General Twining designated the visitors as ‘enemy aliens’.
It appears ... that it has remained as official US policy ever since. At
that time, however, it was an enemy about which the US could do
nothing, because the visitors were so technically superior ... The
rationale was that ordinary people couldn’t cope with the news and
might easily panic. Reference was made to Orson Welles’ Halloween
broadcast [October 1938] depicting a Martian invasion, which had
been so realistic that a sort of panic ensued. The best way to prevent a
recurrence was to keep the public in the dark ... This policy resulted
in what has probably been the greatest and most successful cover-up
in the history of the world.
But much has happened in the more than half-century that policy
was adopted. The most important change has been in US military
capability. The US has developed the aliens’ own weapons - lasers and
particle guns - to the point where they can be used against the visitors
from space ... The Bush Administration has finally agreed to let the
military build a forward base on the Moon [in 2018], which will put
them in a better position to keep track of the goings and comings of
the visitors from space, and to shoot at them, if they so decide .. ,23
I must emphasize here that not all alien species are hostile. It is evident
that some appear to be millennia ahead of us in terms of their ethical
development. Yet, evidently, we are in conflict with some races. Given that
the universe appears to be teeming with life at different stages of evolution,
we should not be surprised. Furthermore, I have long subscribed to the
hypothesis that Homo sapiens is a genetically modified species, deriving
from the colonization of Earth by an alien race millennia ago. Some of
these races, in my view, are still based here. The centuries-old phenomena
prevalent in certain areas of our planet such as the Bermuda Triangle -
disappearances, space-time warps and so on - indicate the existence of
highly advanced technology. And it would appear that our presence in or
near these areas is not always welcomed.
As I revealed in Unearthly Disclosure, based on information provided
by a high-ranking source in the late 1980s, some aliens posed a threat to
the environment because they were ‘messing around with tectonic plates’
in the Pacific Ocean, and ‘the presence of the alien ships in our oceans was
causing - or at least contributing to - the warming of the waters’.
Supposedly, the aliens had been requested by those few in the military who
had access to them to vacate their undersea bases. The request was ignored.
Further compounding the issue, there appeared to be a conflict of interests
between resident alien races here on Earth.
Are we, as a number of sources claim, already at war with some of
these beings? Robin Cole, cited in Chapter 10 in connection with his
research into the involvement in UFO monitoring by Britain’s Government
Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), which liaises hand-in-glove with
its American counterpart, the National Security Agency, relates a telling
comment by a GCHQ Signals Intelligence analyst in the 1990s. ‘I’ve got
something really serious to tell you,’ she told her brother on returning
home from work one day. ‘We’ve known for years that we’re at war with
these beings.’ No further details were given.24 Anecdotal it may be, but the
woman appeared very concerned.
In my opinion, the US Air Force Space Command (AFSPC) is the
military unit charged with the operation to counter an alien threat.
‘Ladies and Gentleman, the war in space has begun,’ announced
General Lance W. Lord, Commander of AFSPC, at an international conference 
in 2004. ‘Space superiority for us has got to be something we work
[at] very hard, and has to be considered equally as important as air
superiority.’25 He didn’t mention aliens, of course, but his comments are
apposite, nonetheless.
In 2002, Gary McKinnon was arrested in London under the Computer
Misuse Act for having hacked (with relative ease) into numerous military
networks, specifically to uncover information being withheld by the US
Government on UFOs. No charges were brought against him, but in 2005
he faced extradition proceedings by the US Government. Currently (June
2006), the case is the subject of an extradition request which has successfully, 
so far, gone through the initial court process and is now the subject
of an appeal. If extradited, McKinnon faces up to sixty years in a US jail.26
For McKinnon, the most important information he uncovered related
to AFSPC. ‘I found a list of officers’ names under the heading “Non-
Terrestrial Officers”,’ he told journalist Jon Ronson. It doesn’t mean little
green men. What I think it means is, not Earth-based. I found a list of
“fleet-to-fleet transfers”, and a list of ship names. I looked them up. They
weren’t US Navy ships. What I saw made me believe they have some kind
of spaceship, off-planet.’27
‘On finding the first image on my PC,’ Gary told me, ‘the Earth - or at
least a blue and white planet with no continents visible - filled two-thirds
of the screen. Midway between the “camera” and the planet hung a cigar-
shaped object with geodesic domes above, below, and to the left and right.
I didn’t see any rivets, seams or telemetry antennae.’28
‘Space is our final frontier,’ declared Canadian Prime Minister Paul
Martin at the United Nations General Assembly in September 2004. ‘What
a tragedy it would be if space became one big weapons arsenal...’
Paul Hellyer has joined forces with three non-governmental organizations 
to ask the Parliament of Canada to hold public hearings on the
extraterrestrial problem. He is to be commended for his courage in braving
the ridicule which he knew would attend his speech.
‘I’m so concerned about what the consequences might be of starting an
intergalactic war, that I just think I had to say something,’ admitted the
retired Defence Minister. ‘The time has come to lift the veil of secrecy, and
let the truth emerge, so there can be a real and informed debate, about one
of the most important problems facing our planet today.. .’2S>
Certainly, an informed debate is long overdue. But has the time yet
come to lift the veil of secrecy - in its entirety? I think not. Due to a few
leaks, we may have some good hints, but lacking a ‘need to know’, we can
only guess at what precisely is being withheld from us.
In the conclusion to my last book, I suggested that whatever threat is
posed by certain alien species, we have more to fear from our own kind,
and that official disclosure might be just the sort of shock we need. But
based on what I now know, I believe that a full revelation would be
destabilizing. Disclosing prematurely the facts about such a situation would
run the risk of social upheaval on an unprecedented scale.
In this event, gradual disclosure - the planned agenda - is by far the
wisest course.

--------------------------------
REFERENCES

1. Hansen, Terry, The Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up,
XLibris Corporation, 2000, p. 299.
2. Ibid., p. 141.
3. Ibid., p. 63.
4. Ibid., pp. 147-8.
5. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret. The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Sidgwick
& Jackson, London, 1996, p. xii.
6. See Above Top Secret or Beyond Top Secret.
7. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret, Century, 1991. Published in
the US as Alien Contact: Top-Secret UFO Files Revealed, William Morrow, 1993
and Unearthly Disclosure.
8. Sweetman, Bill, ‘On Black Special Access Programs’, www.ufoskeptic.org/black.html
9. USA Today, 6 September 2000, cited by Bill Sweetman in ‘Extraterrestrial
Visitation: Some Thoughts on Keeping it Secret’, UFO Special Access Programs.
www.ufoskeptic.org/secret.html
10. Aldrich, Gary, Unlimited Access: An FBI Agent Inside the Clinton White House,
Regnery, Washington, DC, 1996.
11. See Alien Liaison/Alien Contact.
12. Letter from Linda Casey Poepsel, Assistant to President Bush, Office of George
Bush, Houston, Texas 77024, 2 July 2003.
13. See Alien Base.
14. Corso, Colonel Philip J. (Ret.), with Bimes, William, The Day After Roswell, Pocket
Books, 1997, p. 264.
15. Neilsen, James (Anthony Kimery), ‘Gov’t. Source Describes UFO Brief, UFO
Magazine (US), Vol. 4, No. 2, 1989, p. 10.
16. Neilson, UFO Magazine, Vol. 15, No. 9, October/November 2000, p. 29.
17. See Alien Liaison/Alien Contact.
18. Email, 8 February 2006.
19. ‘Paul Hellyer Speaks’, UFO Magazine (US), Vol. 20, No. 5, December/January 2006,
pp. 36-9.
20. Corso, op. cit., pp. 264-7.
21. Knapp, George, ‘UFOs Over Russia: Don’t Believe Everything You Hear’, UFO
Magazine (US), Vol. 14, No. 4, April 1999, p. 28.
22. Corso, op. cit., p. 267.
23. ‘Paul Hellyer Speaks’.
24. Redfem, Nick, ‘View from a Brit: British Intelligence Deep Into UFO Matters,’ UFO
Magazine (US), Vol. 19, No. 4, August/September 2004, pp. 20-1.
25. ‘Harnessing the Power of Space’, a keynote speech by General Lance W. Lord,
Commander, Air Force Space Command, at the MILCOM International
Conference, Monterey, California, 1 November 2004.
26. Personal interview, London, 19 May 2006.
27. Ronson, Jon, ‘Game Over’, The Guardian/Guardian	, 9 July 2005.
28. Personal interview, London, 5 June 2006.
29. www.rense.com


Two excellent books which address the history of UFOs and officialdom, in a wider
context, are UFOs and the National Security State, Vols I and II, by Richard M. Dolan,
Hampton Roads Publishing Company, Charlottesville, VA 22902 (2000/2006).


United States Senate
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS
WASHINGTON DC 20510-8025December 10, 1992
Mr. Karl Pflock
Dear Karl:
As you know I am Counsel to the Senate Appropriations Committee
for National Security matters.
I have recently become troubled and interested in the mounting
series of reports and indications of unreported or unidentified
airborne vehicles. I would be very interested in discussing
these matters with individuals who you believe may shed light on
the nature and/or origin of such technologies, and the history
and nature of any relationships that have been developed between
entities of the United States Government or other organizations
with such phenomenon. I am prepared to engage in such
discussions under whatever ground rules might be necessary and
can insure that the identity of the sources of such information
will be completely protected.
Thank you for any help you can give me in pursuing this inquiry.

A letter to Karl T. Pflock, a former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, CIA officer
and author of two books on the Roswell incident. The letter has been censored by the
author in accordance with the writer’s instructions.


LOOSE MINUTED/Sec(AS)12/7(JC106/93)
22 April 1993
ACAS
SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT
1. I do not normally concern you with the UFO aspect of Sec(AS)'s work but in
the light of previous conversations we have had, you may wish to be aware of a
recent particularly unusual incidence of UFO sightings over the UK, involving
descriptions that match some of the reported characteristics of the so-called
"Aurora".
2.	The sightings took place over a period of about 3 hours early on Wednesday
31 March. Most of them were in Devon and Cornwall, South Wales and Shropshire.
There is a number of factors which make these sightings unusual; firstly, there is a
good deal of commonality in the description of the object, and considerable
commonality in the times of many of the sightings - around 1.10 am (although
several occurred in locations some distance apart at about the same time indicating
the possibility of more than one phenomenon); secondly, none of the usual
explanations put forward to explain UFO sightings seem applicable; and thirdly, the
reliability of the witnesses, a good many of whom were police officers and military
personnel. Our latest information indicates that at least seventy people witnessed
something, and I have attached a small selection of the report.
3.	My staff have made extensive efforts to find an explanation for these
sightings, including discussions with air defence and both civil and military ATC
authorities, generally it has been confirmed that nothing unusual was seen, and no
requests for clearance for any 'unusual activity' have been acknowledged to have
been received. However the ATC radar at Burrington recorded some slow moving
contacts over North Devon at the same time as some of the sightings in that area
were reported. Despite this coincidence West Drayton suggest these recordings
could be attributed to clutter. The only other main ATC radar (Clee Hall) which
might have picked up contacts in the area in which sightings were reported was in
fact not working on primary radar during the period of the sightings and therefore
only aircraft working Secondary Surveillance Radar could be seen. Routine checks
have advised us that there were no military aircraft operating at the time.
4. Some of the reports state that the object was moving at a very high speed,
while some say that it was hovering or moving very slowly. Many of the reports
refer to the object being very large, flying low and making a low humming sound.
My staff have spoken to a number of the military and police witnesses, many of
whom commented that the object was unlike anything they had ever seen before; a
A minute from the Ministry of Defence’s Head of Secretariat (Air Staff) to
the Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (ACAS) regarding the Secretariat’s conclusions
on the events reported at RAF Shrewsbury and elsewhere in the small hours of
31 March 1993 (see pp. 384-5). (Crown copyright)
Met Officer at RAF-Shawbury reported seeing the object projecting a narrow beam of
light at the ground at a height of 400-500 feet and estimated its size at somewhere
between a CI30 and B747 when it passed over his head at an estimated 4000 feet.
5.	In summary, there would seem to be some evidence on this occasion that an
unidentified object (or objects) of unknown origin was operating over the UK. Given
recent speculation about Aurora by both media and MPs it is surprising that so far
this has not been taken up by the Press or, indeed, again by MPs. Frankly, I can
see little that we can do to follow it up. If there has been some activity of US origins
which is known to a limited circle in MOD and is not being acknowledged it is difficult
to investigate further. I would however be interested in your views in the light of your
earlier interest about Aurora. I attach a copy of a letter I sent to the US Embassy
not long ago which I am assured has been disseminated to all 'interested Agencies'
in the US.
Head of Sec(AS)


=======================================================================================
Index

A-l Hermes/Wasserfall 58-9
A-4 /A-10 racket 37, 45, 55
A-10 Thunderbolt II 389
abductions
see aliens
Abraham, Capt. Jean-Paul 304-5
Acuflf, John L. 333
Adamski, George 392, 420
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO)
136, 233, 321, 323-4
Aer Lingus 406-10
Aerolineas Argentinas 403-4
Aer Rianta 408, 409
Agenzia Stefani 13, 15
AIM-9 Sidewinder 303
Airbus A320-11 401-2
Airbus A321 (EI-CHP) 409-10
Airbus A330-200 406-8
aircraft crashes 5, 24, 39-40, 57, 59-61, 99, 100-2, 104-5, 155, 178, 191, 192-4, 195, 215-16,225-6, 253, 352, 405
aircraft disappearances 5, 178, 216
Atlantic Ocean, USAAF (1947) 99
Bass Strait, Qantas (1935) 11
BassStrait, RAAF (1920) 11
Bass Strait, VH-DSJ (1978 ) 309,318
Bermuda, USAF (1954) 207
Byelorusse, Soviet AF (1982) 352
Florida, USAF (1953) 191
Florida coast, USAF 326
Florida coast, USAF (1971) 289-90
Guam-Japan, USAF (1950s) 206
Korea, RAF (1952) 166
Japan, USAF (1959) 236-7
Lake Michigan, USAF (1953) 192
Lake Ontario, RCAF (1960) 194
Liideritz Bay, SAAF (1977) 307-8
Massachusetts, USAF (1953) 189-91
Mediterranean Sea, USAF (1983) 312
Michigan, USAF (1953) 192-3
Nevada, USAF (1972) 300
Puerto Rico, N3808H (1980) 312
Puerto Rico, USN (1988) 379, 381
S.E. Asia, USAF 300
South Dakota, USAF (1957) 219
Thailand, USAF 300
UK (1950s) 155
see also UFOs
Air Defence Forces (USSR) 356
Air Defence Operations Centre (CODA) 402
Air France 176-7,382,401-2
Air India 304
Air Information Service (Military) 415
Air Ministry (UK)
see Ministry of Defence
Air National Guard (US)
see US Air Force
Air Tours 407
Aldrich, Jan 46
Aldrin, ‘Buzz* 259
Alexander, Col. John 340
Alexander, Dr Rolf 80, 162
alien bases
see aliens
aliens
abductions by 3, 252, 323-5, 370, 424
attitude to Earth 210, 211, 255, 325, 369, 375
autopsies of 74-5, 78, 92, 118
bases of 29, 109, 110, 322-3, 368-9, 422, 426
blood type of 80, 373
bone structure of 79, 373
briefings on 380-1
clothing of 26, 27, 77, 80, 199, 212, 248, 324,
355	K
colonization by 3, 424, 426
communications/contacts with 27, 110, 135, 208-12, 247-51, 254-5, 311, 323-5,374-5, 421, 422, 426
cosmogony, on 210-11
defensive measures of 212
dimensions, use of 212
hybridization by 424, 426
implants attributed to 370
infiltration by 211-12
international collaboration regarding 143, 214, 234, 268, 270-1, 290, 361, 421
medical science of 211-12, 324, 375
motives of 29, 155-6, 162, 165, 208, 211, 250, 305, 424
non-interference policy of 211 433
aliens (cont.)
origins of 250
photographs of 26, 123, 187, 380-1
physical characteristics of 26, 27, 73, 74, 75, 77-8, 79-80, 118, 199, 208, 212, 248,371-5, 381
predictions by 211
reaction to oxygen 80, 374
skeletal structure of 79, 374
skin of 81
societies of 210, 250
spiritual attitudes of 250, 375
‘super-computer* of 422
technology transfer by 209, 422, 423
telepathic abilities of 210, 212, 218, 248-9, 324, 375
Universe, overview of 210-11
virus attributed to 375-6
weaponry of 233-4, 424, 425
weather, control of 110
alien technology, seeding of 70-1, 425
Alien Technology Center 121
Allen, Franklin 208-9
Allen, Robert 175-6
All-Union Committee on Cosmonautics (UFO
Section) 268-9
Altshuler, Dr John 418-19
Alvarez, Dr Luis 185
American Airlines 99
American Astronomical Society 2
American Rocket Society 174
Anaya, Pete 73-4
Anaya, Ruben 73-4
Anchorage Airport 400
Anderson, Jerry 386
‘Andrea* 11-12
Andropov, President Yuri 352
animal mutilations 418-19,424
A pod oca, Eddie 28
Apollo 11 259
Araujo, Cdr Jorg£ C. 231
Arctic Ocean 292
Ardanza, Capt. Juliin Lucas 279
Area 51 120-1
Armed Forces Security Agency 171
Armed Forces Special Weapons Project (AFSWP)
82, 95, 109, 116
Arnold, Kenneth 60-1, 101
Arkin, William M. 55
Ashbourne VOR 406
Askania-camera precision landing system 220, 221
Aspin, Les 83
astronomers, sightings by 2, 38
AT-6 Texan 59
Atcheson, George C. 102
Atkins, Lt William E. 193
Atlas Air 407
Atlas-F 264-5
Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) 56, 69, 95, 107, 120, 128, 129, 175
Atomic Energy Security Service 109
Atomic Proving Ground, Nevada 200
Attacker FB.l, Supermarine 155
Aurora 431-2
Avila, Sgt 28
Avramenko, Dr Rimili 424
Ayano£lu, Sefik 299
Azhazha, Dr Vladimir 292
Aztec (New Mexico) case
see UFOs
B-17 Flying Fortress 21, 59, 102
B-24 Liberator 59
B-25 Mitchell 101
B-26 Invader 89
B-29 Superfortress 38, 45, 59, 60, 69
B-36/RB-36H Peacemaker 166-7,216-18
B-47 Stratojet 224
B-52H Stratofortress 267-8, 277
Baca, Reme 27, 28
Bachurin, Emil 359-60
Bajenov, Maj. 22
Bakelite 68
Baker, Dr David 259
Baker, Frank E. 221-2
Balbo, Gen. Italo 13
Baldwin, Wg Cdr J. 166
Ballester-Olmos, Vicente-Juan 314, 319
Balocco 1st Lt Edward 183-4
Bamford, James 338
Barefoot, Terry 154
Barents Sea 292
Barkhoff, Lt Robert 189-91
Barnett, Grady L. ‘Barney* 73
Barratt, Air Marshal Sir Arthur 209
Barth Jr, Rear Adm. Joseph J. 288
Bashev, Private 354-5
Bass Strait (Australia) 11
Battle of Britain 155
Bay of Biscay 305-6
BDM McLean Secure Facility 340, 341
Beckwith, Robert W. 143
Bedetti, Andrea 13
Beaumont Hospital, Dublin 409
Beijing UFO Research Society 4
see also China UFO Research Organization
(CURO)
Belgian Air Force 165
Belgian Congo 165
Bell, Col. Frederick 65
Bell Telephone Laboratories 70
Berkner, Dr Lloyd V. 127, 185
Berliner, Don 405-6
Berlitz, Charles 85, 143
Bermuda Triangle 11, 194, 207, 289, 312, 340
Bermudez, Gen. Ricardo 3
Bematowicz, Robert 391
Bernstein, Carl 418
Beshmetov, P. 359
Bethune, Lt Graham 137-9
Betters, Jerry 256
Bezik, Officer 237
‘Big Bang* theory 210
Bird-Wilson, Grp. Capt. 149
Birnes, William J. 78
Bittick, James 220, 221-2
‘black budget* programmes
see Special Access Programs
Blackburn, Ronald 341
Blanchard, Col. William H. 68-9
Blazhis, Cpl. A. 358, 359
Blechman, Fred 183
Bleichenrode, Germany 37
Blount, Bertie Kennedy 152
Blount, Lt. Col. Robert H. 169
‘Blue Folder*
see KGB
Blue Force
see US Air Force Space Command
‘Blue MAJIC’
see US Air Force Space Command
Blum, Howard 340
Blum, Ralph 20, 29
Bobet, Capt. Phillippe 405
Bodler, Cdr J.R. 139-40
Boeing 727 403-4
Boeing 737 399,402-3,411
Boeing 737-300 399,402-3,411
Boeing 737-448 (EI-BXD) 406-10
Boeing 747 304, 399, 400-1, 405-6
Boggs, Maj. Jeremiah 225
Bowen, Richard 265
Bowsher, Charles 83
Boyton, Cdr William W. 143
Braniff Airways 225-6
Braswell, Maj. R.O. 225
Brazel, JVilliam ‘Mac* 67, 69
Brazilian Air Force 2, 232-3, 367-8
CINDACTA 369
General Staff 233
Intelligence 367-8
Opera^ao Prato (Operation Plate) 367-8
Brazilian Army 232-3, 234, 369
Itaipu Fortress incident (1957) 232-3
S-2 Military Intelligence 370
Brazilian Government 368
Brazilian Naval Intelligence 233, 234
British Airways 1, 296, 390
British Midland 406-8
British UFO Research Association (BUFORA) 29
Bronk, Dr Detlev 127-8
Brookings Institution 209
Brown, Gen. George S. 285, 294
Brown, Lt Frank 101
Brown, Sgt Bill 77
Brown, Thomas Townsend 333
Browning, Lt. Gen. Frederick ‘Boy’ 212
Bruni, Georgina 328
Bryan III, Col. Joseph J. 243, 333
Bryant, Larry W. 293
Buckingham Palace 212
Bulebush, Bill 255
Buran space shuttle 22
Burdakov, Valery P. 102
Bureau of Aeronautics 207
Burgess, Bruce 376
‘BURLINGTON* 343
Burmarsh (Kent) incident 385-7
Bush, Dr Vannevar 56, 127, 128, 130, 188
Bush, Adm. Jorge Martinez 292
Bush, President George W. 425
Bush, President George H. Walker 419-20, 422
Butler, Brenda 331
Buder, Dermot 406,408-11
Byelokoroviche, Ukraine incident 352
Byungsun, Col. Lim 310
C-5A Galaxy 298
C-46 Commando 25, 61, 232
C-47 Dakota 38, 45, 59, 60, 100, 225, 231
C-54/R5D Skymaster 59, 60, 99, 206
Cabell, Maj. Gen. Charles P. 107, 163-4
Callahan, John 400-1
CallAir (aircraft) 60-1
Calza, Major Eduardo 376
Camara, Capt. Fernando 310-11
Cameron, Grant 132, 340
Cammell, Capt. Gordon W. 21, 29
Campbell, Glenn 120,121
Canadian Air Force
see Royal Canadian Air Force ■
Canadian Armed Forces 281
Canadian Defence Headquarters 194
Canadian Forces, Ottawa 135, 281
Canadian Forces Station Barrington 281
Canadian Forces Station Falconbridge 325
Canadian Forces Station Shelburne 281-2
Canadian Government 130, 135, 174, 188
Canadian Navy
see Royal Canadian Navy
Canadian Parliament 427
Cardemil, Arturo 406
Carlan, Maj. U.G. 160
Carleton, R.V. 226
Carpenter, Maj. Donald G. 230
Carpenter, Joel 195
Carrizozo (New Mexico) incident 100
Carter, Franklin 217-18
Carter, President Jimmy 288
Cash, Betty 335-7, 345-6
Cassin, Lilian 408
Castello, Martine 292
Catalan, Capt. Danilo 308-9
cattle mutilations
see animal mutilations
Cavett, Capt. Sheridan 67
Cecchini, Gino 13
Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) 333, 334
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) 4, 54, 55, 78, 101, 109, 110, 119, 127, 128, 129, 131, 149, 165, 171, 172, 173, 175, 176, 177, 181, 189, 209, 210, 235, 243, 259, 268, 270, 325, 333, 334-5, 338, 341, 394, 401, 418, 419-20,421-2
Clandestine Operations (‘Black Ops’) 101, 205
Durant Report 185-7
Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI) 152, 172, 185-8,
Psychological Strategy Board 128, 333
Psychological Warfare Staff 243, 333
Robertson Panel 127, 185-7
Special Study Group 172
Central Intelligence Group 95
Centre National d’Etudes Spatiales (CNES) 296
Cessna 182L (VH-DSJ) 309, 318
Cessna 337 Super Skymaster 399-400
Cessna T-37B Dragonfly 393-4
CF-100 Canuck 194
CH-47 Chinook 335
Chadwell, Dr H. Marshall 152, 177
Chalker, Bill 14, 282-4
Challenger Space Shuttle 381
Charter, David 1
Chassin, Gen. Lionel M. 261
Chaufour 1st Officer Valerie 401
Cheney, Vice President Dick 420
Chereze, Cpl. Marco 375-6
Cherwell, Lord 173
Chidlaw, Gen. Benjamin 89, 109, 178
Chilean Air Force (FAC) 3
Chilean Chamber of Deputies (Defence Committee)
406
Chilean Navy 282-3, 292
China 3-4, 295-6, 309, 393, 394
Chiles, Capt. Clarence 45, 52
China Air Transport 59
Chinese Civil Aviation Administration 399
China Association for Science and Technology 4, 295
China North Industries Group 403
China UFO Research Organization (CURO) 4, 295, 403
Chinese Air Force 295, 309, 393
Chinese Army 295-6
Chinese Civil Aviation Administration 399
Chinese Navy 295
Chinese Secret Service 295
Chinook
see CH-47
Chop, Albert M. 198
Christopher, Warren 376
Churchill, Prime Minister Sir Winston 173
CIA
see Central Intelligence Agency
Ciano, Count 13
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) 338
Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) 180
Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) 60
Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) 403
Clancarty, Lord 208
Claridge, Ronald R. 22
Clark, Al 89
Clark, Lt. Col. Frederick J. 116
Clark, Jerome 108
Clarke, David 150, 151
Clements (pilot) 104
Clinton, President Bill 257, 419
Coalition for Freedom of Information (CFi) 257-8
Cockcroft, Fit Sgt G.N. 19-20
code-names/words 129, 130, 339
Cody, L.D. ‘Pat* 251
Cold War 177, 186
Cole, Robin 154, 157, 426
Collins, Capt. Glen E. 192
Collins, Michael 259
Collins, Paul T 29
Collins, Capt. Robert M. 336
Colman, Philip A. 195
Colombian Army Air Force 64
colonization
see aliens
Colvin, Terry W. 300
COM ETA 412
Comite de Estudios de Fen6menos A£reos Andmalos
(CEFAA) 406
Communications Instructions for Reporting
Vital Intelligence Sightings (CIRVIS) 205
Communications Intelligence (COMINT) 55, 339, 426
Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) 357
compartmentalization 55, 56, 120, 130, 329
Compton, Dr Karl T. 134
Computer Misuse Act (UK) 426
Condon, Dr Edward 269
‘Condor’
see Collins, Capt. Robert M.
Connors, Wendy Ann 62, 112
Conservative Party 386-7
contacts with aliens
see aliens
Continental Divide 120
Convair B-36
see B-36/RB-36H Peacemaker
Convair 240 253
Cook, Lt. Col. Charles H. 172
Cooper, Maj. L. Gordon 5-6, 162-3, 220-2
Cooper, Timothy 95
Cordes, Rogene 75
Comine, Lt. CoL Lance 54
Corso, Lt. CoL PhUip J. 70, 77-9, 94, 128, 424, 425
cosmogony
see aliens
Cosmos 96
see satellites
Coudon, Henry 193
Cox, Billy 265
Crain Jr, T. Scott 132
crashes of UFOs
see UFOs
Creegan, Dr Robert F. 343
Creighton, Gordon 148
Crisler, Lt. CoL Herbert L. 116
Crisman, Fred 101,111
Crivill£n, J. Plana 314
Crofts, Lt David 153-4
Crossland, Nicholas 298
Crowley, Robert 421-2
Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn, HRH 410
Crugan, Charlie 195
Cuban Army (1968 event) 298
Cummings, Lt Jerry 164
Curtiss-Wright Corporation 159
Cutler, Robert 201, 202
Czechoslovak Air Force 237-8
Czekierda, Gen. Zdzislaw 391
Dahl, Harold 101
Dargie, Sgt Clarence O. 189-91
Dark Star
see UAVs
Davenport, Peter 388
Davidson, Capt. William 101
Deardorff, Dr James 2
De Beyssac, Cdr Jean Vincent 232
Debus, Kurt 273
deception (counter-intelligence) 44, 67, 76, 129, 187, 392, 418
Defence Intelligence Staff
see Ministry of Defence (UK)
Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office (DARO)
391-3
Defense Construction and Supply Center (DCSC)
159
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) 218, 269, 309, 311-12, 334-5, 352-3, 365
Defense Nuclear Agency 322
De Los Santos Montiel, Carlos Antonio 301, 327
Department of National Defence (Ottawa) 133
De Rochefort, Count Nicolas 333
Dennis, Glenn 74-5, 76, 91-3
Department of Mechanical and Aeronautical
Engineering (MIT) 128
Desert Hot Springs (California) 420
Devil’s Graveyard (Brazil) 368-9
DH-86 Express 11
Dhingra, Capt. 304
Dickerson, Robert 223
Dillman, Gary 394-5
Dinner, Lt Ilker 393-4
disappearances associated with UFOs 11, 192
see also aircraft disappearances
Disclosure Project 337, 401
Dodson, CoL G.R. 66
Dolan, Richard M. 429
Dong, Paul 313
Donovan, Maj. Gen. William 20
Doolittle, Lt. Gen. James H. 42, 82
Domier 27 307
Dorr, Robert F. 303, 339-40
Doty, Richard C. 329, 336
Douglas DC-3 45, 52, 59, 99
Douglas DC-4 59, 60, 99, 171
Douglas DC-6 194
Douglas DC-8H
Dow Coming 70
Dowding, Air Chief Marshal Lord 155-6, 420
Doyle, Matthew J. 116
Drake, Joe 100
‘Dr Cris’ 70-1, 79-80, 96
‘Dr Gee’ 117
Dryden, Prof. Hugh L. 20
Dublin Airport 406-10
Duboc, Capt. Jean-Charles 401-2
DuBose, Brig. Gen. Thomas J. 84, 89
Duchon, Cdr 237
Dudnik, Cpl. S. 358-9
Duke of Edinburgh
see Prince Philip
Dunn, CoL Frank 141
Duplin, Maj. A. 358
Durant, Cdr Frederick C. 172, 185, 187-8
Durant, Robert J. 405-6
Dutch Army 59
Eastern Airlines 59
Edwards, Fit Lt David 305-6
Edwards, Maj. Ernest E. 322
Edwards, Frank 192,215-16
Egyptian Air Force 303
Einstein, Prof. Albert 45
Eisenhower, President Dwight D. 70, 127, 128, 129, 208-9, 419, 424
electronic countermeasures (ECM) 338, 340
electronic intelligence (ELINT) 338, 340
El Paso Gas Company 119
El Vado Dam 120
EMP (electromagnetic pulse) 424
Endres, Terry 188
Engen, Vice Adm. Donald 401
Ercoupe 415-D 312,320
Evans, Chris 122
Evans, Dr Robley D. 169
Evans, Lt (US Army) 160
Everest, Gen. Frank F. 48, 51
Exercise Mainbrace 152-3
Exon, Brig. Gen. Arthur E. 70, 71, 130
Exopolitics 424
extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH) 2
Extremely Sensitive Information (ESI) 55
F-4 Phantom 287, 289, 300, 301-2, 302-3, 315-17, 310, 383
F4F-3 Wildcat 187
F4U Corsair 59, 99, 187
F-5A Freedom Fighter 299
F-5F Tiger II 308
F6F Hellcat 187
F-7 59
F9F Panther 183-4
F-14 Tomcat 379
F-16 Fighting Falcon 388,394-6
F/A-18 Hornet 380
F-84 Thunderjet 163, 184, 195
F-51/P-51 Mustang 159, 215-16
F-86 Sabre 5, 163, 174, 192, 195
F-89 Scorpion 192, 224, 244
F-94 Starfire 167, 171, 139, 191, 193, 195
F-101 Voodoo 321
F-102 Delta Dagger 5, 224-5, 245-6, 326
F-104 Starfighter 299
F-106 Delta Dart 236, 266
F-lll 300
F-117A Nighthawk 120-1, 423
Fahrney, Rear Adm. D.S. 261
‘Falcon’
see Doty, Richard C.
Fanton 1st Lt Eileen M. 75-6
Farley, Ken 119
Farnborough Air Display 150
Farnsworth, Robert L. 174
faster-than-light travel 2-3, 336
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) 253, 400-1, 405, 412
Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) 223-5
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) 82, 95, 109, 120, 160, 170, 405
Federal Records Center 257
Federation of Fascist Combatants 13
Fenoglio, Alberto 246
Ferguson, Bill 119
Filler, Capt. Robert 245-6
Finnish Air Force 39
Firefly, Fairey 99
First World War 11
FLS Aerospace 409
Flying Saucer Working Party (FSWP)
see Royal Air Force
Flying Tiger Line 252-3
Fomin, Yuri 270
Fontes, Dr Olavo 179, 232-4
‘foo-fighters’ 19-20, 21, 33, 154
Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR)
see KGB/SVR
Formby, Wg Cdr Myles 148, 151
Forrestal, James S. 127, 128,
Fortenberry 1st Officer W.H. 171
Fortson, Mike 388
Foumet, Maj. Dewey 185
Fowler, Raymond E. 189, 199
Fowler, Wallace 218-19
Freedom of Information Aa (UK) 1, 305
Freedom of Information Aa (US) 1-2, 106, 235-6, 257, 338
Free French Air Force 24
French Air Force 304-5, 382
French Government 402
French Foreign Legion 297-8
French Institute of Astrophysics 418
French Secret Service (SDECE) 270
Friedman, Stanton T. 73, 76, 86, 128, 130, 132, 281
Frierson, W.M. Jr 340
‘Fritz Werner’
see Arthur Stansel
Fuerza Aerea de Chile
see Chilean Air Force (FAC)
‘Fugo’ balloons 23-4
Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR) 85, 86, 89-93
Furze, Sqn Cdr 154
G-l/G-10 rockets (USSR) 44
Gabinetto RS/33 13
‘galaaic habitable zone’ 3
galaxies 3
Gallndez, Oscar A. 293
Gallo Jr, Col. Anthony 54
Gamow, Dr George 109
Gander Airfield 138
Gapa (ground-to-air pilotless aircraft) 57
Garavaglia, Antonio 13
Gardner, Robert C. 178
Garrett, Lt 192
Gemini-Titan I 263-4
Geneva Summit (1985) 270-1
George Washington University 171
German Air Force/Luftwaffe 27
German flying-disc designs 25
Germany (1976 incident) 301-2
Gersten, Peter 338
Gesell, Judge 338, 347
Getman, Gen A.L. 269
Gettys, Jack 220, 221-2
‘ghost aircraft’ 11
‘ghost rockets’ 35-52, 82, 128, 129, 148, 188
Gillespie, Capt. Charles R. 340
Giraud, Col. Ren£ 304-5
Glass, Lt Henry F. 38
‘glass-metal’ 71
Gleason, Jackie 419
Global Hawk
see UAVs
Gdkaydin, Erciiment 299
Goldin, Daniel S. 376
Goldman, Dr Abraham 324
Gonzalez, Gen. Enrique Diaz 58
Gorbachev, President Mikhail 270-1, 356, 361
Gordon, Stan 255
Gorin, Sgt B. 358
Goudsmit, Dr Samuel 185
Gourley, Jay 192, 193-4
Government Communications Headquarters
(GCHQ) 154,426
Grava, Bill 389
Gray, Gordon 128
Great Lakes Triangle 11, 192-4, 207
Greek Army 45
Greek Astronautical Society 45
Green, Gabriel 208
Greer, Steven M. 337
Gresl£, Jean Gabriel 382
Groom Dry Lake (Nevada) 120
Gross, Loren E. 46, 178
Grottrup, Helmut 37
Ground Observer Corps (GOC) 215
Groves, Gen. Leslie 55, 82, 130
Grunder 1st Officer Kurt 405
Grusinski, Chester C. 231, 234-6
Guerin, Dr Pierre 418
Gunston, Bill vii-viii, 45
Gunyel, Lt Arda 393-4
Haine camera 217
Haines, Dr Richard F. 160, 217-18, 301, 302
Haisch, Bernard 2
Halifax, Handley Page 19
Hall, Michael David 62, 112
Hall, Richard H. 52, 179
Hall, Sarah 385-6
Hallion, Richard P. 68
Halt, Lt. Col. Charles I. 327, 330
Hamilton, Sebastian 387
Hamilton III, William F. 213
Hammaguir, Algeria 296-7
Hamley, Grp. Capt. P. 154
Hammond (pilot) 104
Hanford Atomic Energy Commission plant 24
Hannover Airport 301
Hansen, Terry 4,417-18
Harder, Dr James 26-7
Hartinger, Pete 159
Harzan, Jan 423
Hastings, David J. 399-400
Hatch, Senator Carl 82
Hau, Petty Officer John C. 231
Haut, Walter 68-9
Hawker P. 1081 150
Hawk missile 300
Hearst Newspapers 208-9
Heath, Sqn Ldr 42
Hecker, R. C. 321-2
‘Hedison’, Lt 290-1
Heiland , Dr Carl A. 117
Hellyer, the Hon. Paul 424-5, 427
Helms, Paul Roy 209
Hendricks (pilot) 104
Hertzberg, Edward 105
Hesemann, Michael 86
Hillenkoetter, Rear Adm. R. 4, 46, 95, 127, 128, 188, 243-4, 260, 261, 333, 334,
Hill-Norton, Adm. Lord 418, 422
History Channel 257
Hitler, Adolf 55
HMS Theseus 99
Hollanda, Lt. Col. Uyrange 367-8
Homer, Maj. Gen. John 57, 58
Homo sapiens 426
Horsley, Air Marshal Sir Peter 147, 149, 154, 209-12
Horst, Carl O. 105
Howard, Rt. Hon. Michael 386-7
Howell, Georgina 390-1
Hubbard, Fit Lt Stan 149-51
Hubbell, Stuart Webster 419
Huffman, Rev. William 26
Hughes Aircraft 70
human intelligence (HUMINT) 338
Hunsaker, Dr Jerome C. 60, 128
hybridization	
see aliens
Hynek, Dr J. Allen 149, 185, 187, 223, 333
lahn, Tim 224
Icelandic Airways 59
Icelandic Government 137
Idlewild Airport 176-7
IBM 70
ICBM
see intercontinental ballistic missiles
Ilyin, Vadim K. 353, 354
imagery intelligence (IMINT) 338
see abo satellites
Imperial Iranian Air Force
see Iranian Air Force
Inaba, Capt. Yoshiharu 253
Independence Day 389
Indian Air Force 303-4
Indonesian Air Force 254
infiltration by aliens
see aliens
infiltration of UFO research groups 270,
Infrared Search and Track System (IRSTS) 353
Inman, Adm. Bobby Ray 119, 131, 341, 422-3
‘Institute 22* (USSR) 238, 351-2
Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) 131
Intelligence and Threat Analysis Center (ITAC)
see US Army
intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) 264-5, 352
see also UFOs
international collaboration
see aliens
International UFO Investigative Bureau 368
Interplanetary Phenomenon Group
see US Army
ionization 22, 296
Iranian Air Force 302-3,315-17,404
Irish Aviation Authority 408, 409
Iron Curtain 212
Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force
see Iranian Air Force
Israel, Maj. Gen. Kenneth R. 391-3
Italian Air Force 12
Italian Secret Service 12-13
Ivanov, Vice-Adm. Y.V. 292
Jacobs, Lt Robert 264-5
Jafori, Maj. Hussan 303
Janus 213
see also ‘Mr Janus’
Janzen, Milt 341
Japan Air Lines 400-1
Japanese Foreign Ministry 129
JJ-6
see Shenyang JJ-6
Johnson, Cathy 172
Johnson, Clarence L. ‘Kelly’ 195
Johnson, Don 208
Johnson, Fit Lt Terry S. 154
Johnson, Nicholas L. 257
Johnson, Senator Lyndon B. 261
Joint Airmiss Working Group (JAWG) 403, 404
Joint Army-Navy-Air Force Publication (JANAP)
205
Joint Chiefs of Staff (Spain) 319
Joint Chiefs of Staff (US) 55,82, 129, 131, 163, 171, 205, 340, 341, 422
Joint Intelligence Committee (US) 95, 131
Joint Research and Development Board 95, 127, 128, 130, 133
Jolliffe, Wg Cdr Frank 151
Jones, Air Marshal Sir George 11
Jones, Eric 2
Jones, Prof. R.V. 43-4
Jones, William 141
Jordan, Dennis 286
Junkers Ju-52 59
Kaplan, Dr Joseph 108, 116
Kapton 71
Kirman, Dr Theodore Von 107, 108
KC-135 Stratotanker 268
Kean, Leslie 256-7
Kecksburg crash-retrieval 255-8, 334
Kempf, Col. C.R. 42
Kennedy, President John F. Ill, 420-1
Kennedy Space Center
see NASA
Kent County Constabulary 387
Keuble, Don 341
Kevlar 71
Keyhoe, Maj. Donald E. 106, 172, 186, 191, 192, 193, 198, 206, 223-5, 243, 326, 333
‘Keyhole’/Talent’
see satellites
KGB/SVR 103, 270, 298, 352, 353, 355, 357
‘Blue Folder’ 353-4
KH-11
see satellites
Kidd, Capt. J.L. 194
Kieling, Col. 176
Kilbum, Fit Lt John 152
Kilgallen, Dorothy 147-8, 270
Kimery, Anthony L. 341-2, 422
Kingdon, Lt 137
Kirkwall Airport 390
Kisling, Jean 24, 176-7
Kissner, Rep. Jon ‘Andy’ 53, 55, 56, 57-8, 59, 60, 69, 99-100, 101-2, 131
Kitei, Dr Lynne 388-90
KLM (Dutch Royal Airlines) 303
Knapp, George 352, 424
Knight, Alice 73
Koch, Capt. Ferdinand B. 287
Kopf, James M. 285-8
Korean Air Force (RoKAF) 310
Korean War 135-6, 142, 160-1, 183, 184
Korolyev, Sergei P, 102-3
Krause, Otto 120, 121
Kremenchuk, Gen. 357
Kremlin 162, 175
Kurkchy, Col. Anatoli 356-7
Kuybyshev incident 358-60
Lake Michigan
see aircraft crashes/disappearances
Lake Ontario
see aircraft crashes/disappearances
Lancaster, Avro 18, 21, 22-3
landings of UFOs
see UFOs
Landrum, Colby 335-6, 345-6
Landrum, Vicki 335-6, 345-6
Langelaan, George 270
LaPaz, Dr Lincoln 107
Lasca, Chief Officer Carlos 279
Lauro, Mayor Achille 212, 214
Lazarevich, Leonid 360
Lazeiko, Capt. P. 358
Lebedev, Nikolay 356-7, 359-60
Ledger, Don 279, 280, 281,
Lee, Lt Phil 245-6
Lee, Lt Col. Seungbae 310
Leed, William 73
Liger, Daniel 27
Leir, Dr Roger K. 370-6
LeMay, Gen. Curtis 82, 244
Le Poer Trench, Brinsley
see Clancarty, Lord
Leslie, Desmond 208
Lesniakiewicz, Robert K. 391
Lever, Capt. 19
Lewis, Steve 336
Ley, Tim 389
Lim, Col. Byungsun 310
Lindemann, Frederick A.
(see Cherwell, Lord)
Lissoni, Alfredo 12,13
Lloyd, Lt. Col. Jimmie 217-18
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation 137, 195
Lockheed Electra 225-6
Lockheed Martin ‘Skunk Works’ 423
Lockheed Super Constellation 177
Lockheed U-2 120-1, 195
Lockheed WV-2 195
London Air Traffic Control Centre (ATC) 410, 415
London Terminal Control Centre 431
Long, Lt Joseph F. 222-3, 228
‘long range robot’ 60
Lord, Gen. Lance W. 426
Lorenzen, Coral 136, 233
Lorenzen, Jim 136, 323-4
Los Alamos National Laboratory 3, 53, 107, 109, 120, 175, 336
Los Angeles air alarm (1942) 17-18, 31
Los Angeles Times 17, 221, 228
Lownie, Andrew 421-2
Luce, Cynthia 367
Iumitre morte (‘dead light’) 382
MacArthur, Gen. Douglas 54, 212,
Maccabee, Dr Bruce 2, 236-7,
MacIntyre, Cardinal James 209
Mack, Dr John 3
Madagascar (1967 event) 297-8
Madson, Lt. Col. Raymond A. 84
Maeng, Sunglyul 310
‘MAGIC’ 129-30
magnetic anomaly detection (MAD) 139, 281
Magnicharter 411
Maguire, William 152
‘MAJESTIC’/’MAJIC’ 127
see also MJ-12
Majima 1st Officer Tetsu 253
Makashov, Gen. 359
Makiela, Maj. J6zef 397
Maldonado Torres, Jos£ L. 312, 320
Malone, Maj. 37, 42
Maltais, Jean 73
Maltais, LaVerne 73, 90
Maltsev, Gen. Igor 354, 356
Manakov, Cosmonaut Gennadi M. 360
Manchester Ringway Airport 402
Mandelkorn, Cdr Richard S. 116
Manhattan Engineering District Project 53, 55, 56, 128, 131, 418
Mann, Charlotte 26
Mansmann, Maj. Florenz J. 264-5
Mantell, Capt. Thomas 104-5, 184, 215, 216, 225,250
Mantle, Philip 86
Manual of Air Traffic Services 415
Manzano Laboratories 321-2
Manzano Mountains 110,322,422
Manzano Nuclear Weapons Storage Facility 110, 321, 322, 329, 422
Marcel, Maj. Jesse 67-8, 69
Marcel Jr, Dr Jesse 68
Marchetti, Victor 270
Marconi, Guglielmo 13
Marquis, Lt. Col. Lenny 217
Marshall, Gen. George C. 17, 31, 80, 161-2
Martin, Gen. (British Army) 209-10,212
Martin, Jorge 379, 380-1
Martin-Marietta Corporation 263
Martin, Prime Minister Paul 427
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 53
Matthews, Robert 1
Maury Island incident 101,111
Mayes, Barbara 105
McClelland, Clark C. 81, 263-4, 381
McConnell, Howell 341
McCue, Gen. 420
McDonald, Dr James E. 166-7, 251, 254
McDonald, Gen. George C. 36
McDonnell Douglas Corporation 341
McDow, Merle S. 337
McFarlane, Cdr George R. 142-3
McHenry. Lt J.C. 62
McKinnon, Gary 426-7
McLaughlin, Cdr Robert B. 108
McMullen, Maj. Gen. Clements 89
McQuiston, Charles 325
Meiers, Lt Donald 33
Melbourne Flight Service Unit 309,318
Menzel, Dr Donald 128
Mercado, Mafiuel 379
Merkel, Col. Lee 215-16
Messerschmitt Me 163B Komet 21, 33
Meteor, Gloster 148
Meteor F.8 152,154,155
Meteor NF.il/NF.14 155
Meteor T.7 153,154
Meyer, Lt Joe 244
Mexico 56, 57-8, 169, 301
Mexico City International Airport 80, 161-2, 301
MIS (Security Service) 95, 342
MI6 (Secret Intelligence Service) 43, 95, 270, 342
MI10(a) 37, 148
MiG-15 162-3
MiG-21 303,352
MiG-23 353
Military Weapons Industry Academic Department
(Beijing) 403
Miller, Stuart 386
Miller, Cdr Will 284-5, 337-8, 344
Ministry of Defence (MoD) 1, 18, 148, 155, 305, 306-7, 327, 342-3, 351, 382-3, 383, 387,431-2
Air Ministry 37, 42, 148, 173
Directorate of Scientific Intelligence 148, 152
Air Information Service ( Military) 415
Defence Intelligence Staff 8, 306-7
Government Buildings, London W3 342
Metropole Building 148
MoD Police 342-3
Project Condign 8
S4f (Air) 306-7
Secretariat (Air Staff) 431-2
Ministry of Defence (USSR) 351,360
UFO Research Committee 270
Ministry of State Security (MGB)
see KGB/SVR
Minuteman 265
Minto, Dr Wallace 141
Mirage IVA 304-5
Mirage Fi-CE 310-11
Mirage Fl-CZ 308
Mir space station 360
Miss Hobart 11
Missile Defense Shield 424
missing time
see UFOs
Mittelwerke, Germany 37
MJ-12 127-9, 131, 139, 201, 202
Mojave Desert 399-400
Monda Jr, Lt Felix 192
Montague, Brig. Gen. Robert M. 56-7, 82, 129
Montoya, Senator Joseph 73-4
Moody, Sgt Charles L. 323-5
Moon, the 58, 210, 424, 425
Moore, Charles B. 108
Moore, Lawrence 83,351
Moore, William L. 85, 121, 143, 315, 349
Morin, Jean-Pierre 296-7
Moscow Aviation Institute 269
Moscow Central Television 269
Mountbatten of Burma, Earl 147, 148, 420
Mount Rainier, Washington 60-1
‘Mr Janus* 210-12
‘Mrs Markham* 209-10,212
Murmansk 290
Murphy, John 256
Mussolini, Benito (II Duce) 12, 13
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) 3, 244, 336
Nally, Carl 406-11
NASA 5, 70-1, 110, 257, 376
Cape Canaveral/Kennedy Space Center 81, 263-4, 259, 265, 273, 381
Cash/Landrum case 336
Fragology Files 257
Instructions for reporting UFOs 273
Flight Research Center (FRC) 247
Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) 79-80, 96
Johnson Space Center 257
Manned Flight Awareness Program 81
Nash, Capt. William B. 171
National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics 60, 128
National Aerospace Council (Indonesia) 254
National Archives (US) 75, 83
National Aviation Reporting Center on
Anomalous Phenomena (NARCAP) 302, 313, 413
National Bureau of Standards (US) 20
National Enquirer 376-7
National Intelligence Authority 95
National Intelligence Service, Turkey (MIT) 394
National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) 225, 243, 260, 261, 333
National Military Command Center (NMCC) 340, 341
National Press Club (Washington, DC) 257-8
National Reconnaissance Office 391
National Research Council 128
National Science Foundation 130-1
National Security Act (1947) 95
National Security Agency (NSA) 55, 119, 128, 131, 154, 171, 177, 189, 264, 338-9, 341, 347-8,422, 426
National Security Council (US) 54, 70, 78, 94, 95, 129, 172, 181, 422, 424
Operations Coordinating Board 78-9, 94
Special Group 5412 and 5412/2 78-9, 94, 128
National Security Council (Brazil) 234
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) 194, 312, 314, 320
National UFO Reporting Center 388
NATO 152, 290, 327, 330, 337
Air Defence Organization 383
Military Committee 418
Navan (Ireland) 408
Naviero (steamship) 279
near misses with aircraft
see UFOs
‘need to know’ (NTK) 55, 103, 186, 189, 225, 306-7, 339,419
Neef, Capt. Melvin E. 116
Negishi, Capt. Joji 253
Nevada Test Site 120
New Scotland Yard (London) 342
Newton, Silas 139
Nicholas, Sqn Ldr 306
‘Nielsen, James’
see Kimery, Anthony L.
Nike missile 45
Nixon, President Richard M. 419
Nolan, Doug 119
‘Non-Terrestrial Officers’ 427
North American Aerospace Defense Command
(NORAD) 205, 265, 281, 325-6, 369, 394, 396
Space Detection and Tracking System 265, 337
Unknown Track Reporting System (NUTR) 265, 275
Northrup, Lt Norm 289
Norwegian General Staff (Intelligence Department)
43
Nourse, Edwin G. 209
Novaja Seml’a (New Land) 357
nuclear weapons 4, 45, 102, 108, 121, 129, 130, 166, 212, 235, 268, 304, 305, 321, 327, 355, 357,422
stockpiles of 268, 327, 355, 418
Nurjadin, Air Marshal Roesmin 254
Oak Ridge
see Atomic Energy Commission
Oberg, James 257
O’Brien, Lincoln 121
O’Connell, PC Roy 387
Oder, Maj. Frederick C. 109
Oechsler, Bob 118-19, 131, 422-3
Office of Scientific Research 8c Development (OSRD)
55, 109, 120
Office of Strategic Services (OSS) 20, 55, 119, 149
Official Secrets Act 130
O’Hare International Airport, Chicago, incident
(2006) 411-12
Oliveira, Col. Joao A. 233
‘Olympic’ 129
Olympic Airways 399
Onizuka, Lt. Col. Ellison 381-2
Ontario Hydro Commission Plant 254
Ontario Provincial Police 135
Operation Majestic 129
see also Plan Majestic
Operation Paperclip 55
Operation Plate 367
Operation Snowbird 389
see also Project Snowbird
Operation Upshot/Knothole 200
Oppenheimer, Dr J. Robert 53, 134
Orkney Islands incident (1997) 390-1
Orr-Ewing, Lt Cdr Malcolm 155
Ortyl, James J. 267
Orviedo, Maj. Jorge 404
OVNIVISION (Chile) 406
P-3 Orion 340
P-47 Thunderbolt 24
P-51/F-51 Mustang 59, 66, 104-5
P-80 Shooting Star 59, 62, 99-100
P-84 Thunderjet 59
Pace, Glenn 120, 121
Pacific Ocean, heating of 426
Padilla, Faustino 28
Padilla, Jose 27, 28
Padrick, Sidney 247-51
Pagan Santos, Jose A. 312,320
Page, Dr Thornton 185
Palhares, Dr Fortunato Badan 376
Pan American Airways 171, 265
Papoose Dry Lake (Nevada) 121
Paris Air Show 304
Parker, Michael 212
‘Pastel’ 129
Patterson, David 399-400
Patterson, Robert 82
Paulsen, Capt. 138
PBM-5A Mariner 139
Pearl Harbor 17
Pearson, Prime Minister Lester 424
Pedrosa, Sgt 370
Peenemiinde 36, 43
Pennsylvania Central (airline) 60
Pennsylvania State Police 252
Pentagon 45, 70, 82, 83, 106, 110, 135, 141, 164, 172, 180, 185, 205-6, 220-1, 236, 253, 264,338, 391-2, 417
the ‘Tank’ 340-1
Peoples’ Liberation Army
see Chinese Army
Peoples’ Liberation Army Air Force
see Chinese Air Force
Peoples’ Liberation Army Navy
see Chinese Navy
People’s Republic of China
see China
‘perception management1 76
Peruvian Air Force (FAP) 311-12
Pestalozzi, Maj. 166-7
Petrosovodsk incident (1977) 351
Pflock, Karl T. 76, 78, 333, 421, 429
‘Philadelphia Experiment1 135, 143
Phillips, Joe 105
‘Phoenix Lights1 (1997) 387-90, 396
physical symptoms
see UFOs
Pierre, Cdr 165
Pike, Air Marshal Sir Thomas 149
Pinotti, Roberto 11-12, 13, 15
Piper Apache 253
Piper Arrow 301-2
Piper Comanche 301
Piper Cub 60
Piper Navajo 404
Pirouzi, Hossein 303
Plan Majestic 129
see also Operation Majestic
Plantonev, Lt. Col. Vladimir 352
plasma physics 336
Plaksin, Alexander 238, 351
Plexiglas 79, 249
Podesta, John 256-7
PodestaMatoon 257
Polanco, Capt. Jorge 404
Polish Air Force 397
Polish Army 391
Pope, Nick 307, 327, 382, 384-5
Popovich, Cosmonaut Pavel 353
Portland Airport 224
Portuguese Air Force 307
Possony, Dr Stefan T. 176
power failures
see UFOs
Pratt, Bob 61, 67, 172, 173, 191, 326, 367, 376-7
Prince Philip, HRH 149,154,209,210,212
Projects Blue Book, Grudge, Saucer, Sign
see US Air Force
Project Charles/Project Lincoln 53-4
Project Condign
see Ministry of Defence (UK)
Project Magnet 130
Project Mogul
see US Air Force
Project Second Storey 174
Project Snowbird 335-6
Prokoshin, Cdr S. 360
Prouty, Col. L. Fletcher 205-6
Psychological Operations Group 78
see also National Security Council
psychological stress evaluation (PSE) 325
psychological warfare 33, 186
Puckett, Capt. Jack 38
Puentes Ventura, Isidro 298
Puerto Rico 312, 320, 379-81
Puthoff, Dr Harold (Hal) E. 2, 341
Qantas Empire Airways 11
Quasar, Gian J. 207, 289-90
Queen Elizabeth II, HM 149, 209
Quintanilla, Maj. Hector 166
R5D Skymaster 137
see also C-54
R7V-1 Super Constellation 207
Rabinowitz, Dorothy 3
radar interference/jamming
see UFOs
radioactivity/radiation trauma
see UFOs
Ramey, Maj. Gen. Roger 69, 89, 172
Ramirez, Capt. 370
Ramsey, Scott 117, 119-20, 121
Ramsey, Suzanne 117, 119, 120
Randle, Donald R. 85, 130
Randles, Jenny 331
Rather, Dan 389
Raytheon Company 200
RB-66 Destroyer 392
Reagan, President Ronald 270-1, 361, 401
Redfem, Frank 152
Redfem, Nick 152
Redmond (Oregon) incident 223-4, 238
Reed, Fred 119-20
Reeder, Maj. Damon B. 250, 251
Rees, Lt. Col. Doyle 116
Regehr, Ron 303
Relativity, special theory of 2
remote viewing 341
Rendlesham Forest case 327-8, 330, 331, 335, 355, 392
see also UFOs
Republic Aviation Corporation 164
Rescue Co-ordination Centre (Canada) 280, 281
Research and Development Board
see Joint Research and Development Board
Reuterswaerd, Maj. Gen. 11
Rjabishev, Maj. P. 360-1
Rich, Ben R. 423
Richelson, Jeffrey T. 334
Ridyard, Dr Colin 387
Riffo, Cristiin 308
Riggs, Capt. Thomas 184
Robbins, Anne 72-3
Robbins, Peter 328
Robbins, Sgt Ernest R. 71-3
Roberts, Andy 150, 151
Robertson, Dr H.P. 185
Robertson Panel
see Central InteUiger.ee Agency
RodefFer, Madeleine 392, 420
Rodgers, James 164
Rodriguez, Jos£ Francisco 307
Rodriguez, Noemi 368
Rodriguez, Rudolfo 370
Rodriguez, Ubirajara F. 370
Rogers, Renny 395
Rojas, Gen. Herndn Gabrielli 308-9
Rolfe, Chris 385-6
Romanov, Sgt A. 359
Romansky, James 256
Romero, Capt. John 289
Ronson, Jon 427
Roosevelt, President Franklin D. 17
Roswell (New Mexico) incident 82, 100-1, 117, 120, 129
alien bodies 71-3, 74-5, 77-8, 79-80, 81, 84, 424-5
anthropomorphic dummy-drop tests 84
autopsy 74-5, 78
Corona 67, 68, 71, 72, 88, 100
crash sites 71
Datil 73
Horse Springs 73
Hub Corn Ranch 75
J.B. Foster Ranch 67
Oscura Peak 95
Plains of San Agustin 73, 88
Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) 67, 71, 73-4, 75-6, 95
RAAF Station Hospital 75-6
Royal Aircraft Establishment 44, 149-51
Royal Air Force (RAF) 1, 8, 18, 21, 22, 23, 32, 59, 148, 154, 155, 305-6, 382-4, 410
bases:
RAF Cosford 384
RAF East Wretham 21
RAF Laarbruch 382
RAF Little Rissington 153, 154
RAF North Weald 155
RAF Oakington 22, 23
RAF Patrington 305
RAF Rheindalen 383
RAF Rudloe Manor 154, 342-3
F<AF Sandwich 152
RAF Shawbury 384-5, 432
RAF Syerston 18, 32
RAFTangmere 148, 154
RAF Topcliffe 152-3
RAF Waddington 305
RAF West Mailing 154
Flying Complaints Flight (FCF) 342
Flying Saucer Working Party (FSWP) 148-52, 172, 177
Ground Environment (Radar) Operations 306
Intelligence/Counter-intelligence 148, 153, 154, 342
Provost and Security Services (P&SS) 342
Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) 11, 18
Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) 19, 24, 280
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) 280
Royal Canadian Navy 24, 142, 279, 280, 290
Royal Danish Air Force 195
Royal Italian Air Force
see Italian Air Force
Royal Navy 99, 141, 148, 152, 153, 155
Royal New Zealand Air Force 21
Royal Swedish Air Force
see Swedish Air Force
Royal Thai Air Force 300
Rudzit, Capt. D. 359
Runyan, Bradford Jr 267-8
Ruppelt, Capt. Edward J. 106, 114, 121, 152-3, 164, 165, 166, 167, 172, 174, 185
Rushton, Col. Calvin 281
Russian Academy of Sciences 103
Russian Air Forces
see Soviet Air Forces/Russian Air Forces
Russian Geographical Society
Ufological Committee 353
Saab B18 39-41
Sabahat, Gen. Mahmoud 303
Sacks, Mike 331
Salandin, Fit Lt James 154-5
Salas, Robert L. 265-7
Salutun, Air Commodore J. 254
Samford, Maj. Gen. John A. 172
Sanderson, Ivan T. 140-1
Sandia Base/Sandia National Laboratories 108, 120, 129, 131, 321-2, 336
San Juan (Puerto Rico) International Airport 320
Santa Barbara Straits 17
Santorini, Prof. Paul 45-6
Sarbacher, Dr Robert I. 81, 130-1, 133, 134
Sarnoff, David 42
satellites 129
Blue Gemini 424
Cosmos 96 257
imagery from 333-5, 337
Keyhole 334
KH-11 337
nuclear-event monitoring (DSP) 303
Saint 424
Talent 334
weaponry of 424
Saudi Arabia (1970 incident) 298-9
Saunders, Dr David R. 187
Saunders, Eric 312
SB2C HeUdiver 57, 59
Schiff, Congressman Steven 83, 84, 97-8
Sci-Fi Channel 257
Schmidt 1st Lt John W. 192
Schmitt, Donald R. 85, 130
Schuessler, John F. 336
Schulgen, Brig. Gen. George 82, 103, 104
Schwarz, Dr Berthold 118
science, private versus public 4, 417-18
Scott, Dr Irena 141, 159, 218-19, 334-5
Scott, Gerald 235
Scott, Vernon 254-5
Scully, Frank 117-18, 121, 139
Scully, Mrs Frank 121
SDECE (French secret service) 270
Seafire, Supermarine 99
Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) 2
Secord, Maj. Gen. Richard 303
Segerhom, Sgt 39
Seidel, John E. 17
Selective Identification Feature (SIF) 289
‘Selff, Naomi Maria' 75
Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) 55, 337
Service d’Expertise des Phenomdnes de Rentree
Atmospheric (SEPRA) 402
Seungbae, Lt. Col. Lee 310
Shag Harbour, Nova Scotia 280-2
Shandera, Jaime 127
Shapiro, Rear Adm. Sumner 118-19
Shaw, Maj. Chester A. 276
Shawcross, Tim 73, 74
Sheen, Martin 67
Shenyang JJ-6 393
Sheppard, Capt. Graham 2%, 299, 404, 408, 410
Shields, Capt. Henry S. 315
ships involved in incidents
see UFOs/USOs
Shockley, Col. Larry 83
Shtyepa, Vyacheslav 353
Sider, Jean 27
signals intelligence (SIGINT) 154, 338
Simoes, Cdr A. 232
Simons, Paul 412
Sinitsin, Igor 353
Sirius UFO Space Sciences Research Centre
(Istanbul) 299
Skow, Brian 188-9
‘Skunk Works’
see Lockheed Martin
Sky Harbor International Airport 389
Skyhook balloon 104, 105
Slane (Ireland) 406-7, 408
Smith, Capt. 266
Smith, Capt. Edward 101
Smith, Dr Willy 314
Smith, Fit Sgt Ray 19
Smith, Gen. Sory 225
Smith, Gen. Walter B. 128, 172, 177, 181
Smith, James 130
Smith, Warren 29
Smith, Wilbert B. 130, 133, 134, 134, 174
Smythe, F/O Geoffrey 154
Snyder, Maj. Mike 394
Soares, 1st Officer Edgar O. 231
Sokolov, Col. Boris 351, 352
Sonar Surveillance System 281
Souers, Rear Adm. Sydney 129
Soule, Capt. Floyd G. 100
sounds emitted by UFOs
see UFOs
South African Air Force (SAAF) 307-8
Southey, Capt. R.J. 62
Soviet Air Force/Russian Air Forces 22, 237, 269, 352-353, 354, 356
‘Thread 3’ 354
Soviet Army 103, 269, 353-4, 356, 357, 363
Soviet Government 243-4
Soviet Ministry of Defence
see Ministry of Defence (USSR)
Soviet Navy 290, 292
Spaatz, Gen. Carl 35, 66
space-time 305
Spanish Air Force 310-11,319
Spanish Air Transport (TAE) 310,319
Sparks, Brad 108
Speakman, Ed 341
Special Access Programs (SAPs) 339, 419, 422
speed of light 2
SS Amelia}. 11
St. Elmo’s Fire 23
Stalin, Josef 37, 103
Stansel, Arthur 199-200
‘Star Wars’ 424
Steinman, William S. 54, 118, 130, 131, 134
Stevens, Lt. Col. Wendelle C. 323-4
Sterling, Lt. Col. F. 176
Stolyarov, Maj. Gen. Porfiri 269
Stolyarov Committee 269
Stonehill, Paul 352, 360
Stowers, Carlton 85
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) 424
Street, Dot 331
Strekalov, Cosmonaut Gennadi M. 360
Stringfield, Leonard 25, 26, 105, 118, 178, 191, 207, 247, 300-1, 326-7
Stroganov, Yuri 270
Stuart, 1st Officer Mark 402-3
Sturrock, Peter 2
Styles, Chris 280-1
‘SUBTERFUGE’ 343
Suffem, Robert 135
Suggs, Capt. 189-91
Suggs, Cdr Charles L. 213
Sukarno, President Achmad 254
Su-22, Sukhoi 23, 312
‘Summer Study Group’ 54
Sun, Shili 4
Sun, the 211
Sunglyul, Maeng 310
Super-Caravelle, Sud Aviation 310
Super Constellation, Lockheed 177
Surikov, Boris 21
Svahn, Clas 41
Swedish Air Force 11, 37, 38, 39, 40-1, 44, 49
Swedish Air Intelligence Service 42, 106, 115
Swedish Army 36, 48
Swedish General Staff 48
Sweetman, Bill 419
Swiney, Fit Lt Michael 153-4
Swissair 405-6
Swords, Prof. Michael D. 176, 222
Sylvester, Arthur 422
Symington, Governor Fife 396
Symington, Senator Stuart 82, 396
T-37B Dragonfly 393
T-Forces 55, 100
Tasman Peninsula 18
tectonic plates 426
Tehran (1976)
see UFOs
Tekyildirim, Suleyman 299
teleportation 135, 143
Teller, Dr Edward 107, 109, 336
temperature inversion 172, 173
Terauchi, Capt. Kenju 400, 401
Thai Airways 410
Thailand
see Royal Thai Air Force
Thatcher, Prime Minister Margaret 328
Thomas, Kenn 111
Thompson, Capt. Marvin 66
Thompson, Mr (MoD) 306
Thoren, Rudy 195
‘Thread 3*
see Soviet Air Force
Thurmond, Senator Strom 78
Tiberio, Lt 370
time travel 143
Timmerman, John 105, 109, 160, 184
Tishchayev, Private 355, 363
Titan (njissile) 263, 265
Tizard, Sir Henry 148, 152
TOA Airlines 253
Todd, Donald R. 291
Todd, Robert 338
Tokyo Airlines 253
Tornado GR.1 382-4/Tomado 410
Toronto Exopolitics Symposium Conference 424
Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) 403, 405
Train II, Adm. Harry DePue 337-8
Trans World Airways 405
Treadwell, Petty Officer Leon 231
Tretiak, Gen. Ivan 356, 359
Trinity Site, New Mexico 27
Trudeau, Lt. Gen. Arthur 70
Trudeau, Prime Minister Pierre 424
Truman, President Harry S. 37, 43, 60, 82, 127, 128, 129, 172, 174, 209,419
Tucker, Charles 368
Tulien, Tom 277
Tu-2, Tupolev 22
Turkish Air Force (THK) 299, 393-4
Turkish Airlines 394
Turkish National Intelligence Service (MIT) 394
Turner, Lt. Col. Harold R. 55-6, 57, 61, 69
Turner, Adm. Stansfield 131
Turney, G. 152
‘TURNSTILE’ 343
Twining, Gen. Nathan F. 57, 82, 103, 104, 113, 129, 201, 202, 425
UAVs (unmanned air vehicles) 391
U-boats (torpedoing of US merchant ships) 418
Uch6a, Gen. Moacyr 369
UFO Monitors East Kent (UFOMEK) 385, 386
UFO propulsion
see UFOs
UFO Working Group (Pentagon) 340-1
UFOs (unidentified flying objects)
background radiation associated with 330, 355
beams of light associated with 183, 184-5, 237,252, 264, 327, 330, 355, 358, 367-8, 380,382, 431-2
communications failure associated with 277,286-7, 292, 295, 302-3, 308, 315-17,351
construction of 117-19, 382
crashes of
Aztec, New Mexico (1948) 110,117-23
Brazil (1996) 369
Cape Girardeau (1941) 26
Chilili, New Mexico (1974) 322
Corona, New Mexico (1947)
see Roswell incident
El Paso, Texas (1950?) 177
Gdynia, Poland (1943) 27
Hawaii (1944) 27
Juarez, Mexico (1947) 57-8
Kecksburg, Pennsylvania (1965) 255-8
Kingman, Arizona (1953) 199-200
Mexico (1947) 57-8
Mexico (1950) 169
Roswell, New Mexico (1947)
see Roswell incident
San Antonio, NM (1945) 27-8, 54
Sonoran Desert, Mexico (1941) 26-7
Sweden (1946) 36, 38
Sweden (1948) 106
Wegorzewo, Poland (1997) 391
electromagnetic/electrostatic malfunctions
UFOs (unidentified flying objects) (cont)
(including jamming) caused by 19,20, 22, 25, 138, 189, 231-2, 233, 234, 237,246, 253, 266-7, 268, 286-7, 288, 292,296, 301, 302-3, 307, 310-11, 315-17,322, 323, 327, 404
encounters with civil aircraft
Alabama, Eastern Airlines (1948) 45
Alaska, Japan Air Lines (1986) 400-1
Argentina, Aerolineas Argentinas (1995)
403-4
Argentina (2005) 411
Bass Strait, Australia (1978) 309,318
Bay of Biscay, British European Airways
(1967) 296
Brazil, Varig Airlines (1957) 231-2
Calcutta, Air India (1977) 304
China, Chinese Civil Aviation
Administration (1985) 399
China (1995) 403
Dublin, Aer Lingus (2004) 406-7
Dublin, AtlasAir (2004) 407-8
Dublin, British Midland (2004) 406-7
England, British European Airways (1967)
296
Germany (1976) 301-2
Irish Sea (2005) 410-11
Italian/Swiss border, Olympic Airways
(1985) 399
Japan, Flying Tiger Line (1965) 252-3
Japan, TOA Airlines (1965) 253
Japan, Tokyo Airlines (1965) 253
Lisbon, KLM (1976) 303
Manchester, British Airways (1995)
Maryland, American Airlines (1953) 194
Mexico (1975) 301
Mexico (2005) 411
Mexico City, Magnicharter (2005) 411
Mojave Desert (1985) 399-400
New York, Swissair (1997) 405-6
Pacific Ocean, Flying Tiger Line (1965)
252-3
Paris, Air France (1994) 401-2
Puerto Rico (1980) 312, 320
Spain, Spanish Air Transport (1979) 310
Virginia, Pan American Airways (1952) 171
Washington, DC (1952) 172
Washington State (1947) 60-1
encounters with military aircraft
Adana, Turkish AF (1983) 312
Aegean Sea, Turkish AF (2001) 393-4
Alps, RAF (1942) 18
Amsterdam, RAF (1942) 19,32
Ankara, Turkish AF (1969) 299
Astrakhan, Soviet AF (1989) 354
Azerbaijan, Soviet AF (1984) 353
Baltimore, USAF (1952) 173
Bay of Biscay, RAF (1977) 305-7
Belgian Congo, Belgian AF (1952) 165
Belgium, Belgian AF (1990) 364
Boston, USAF (1952) 171
Brazil (1950s) 233
California, USAF (1961) 245-6
California, USN (1953) 195
Caspian Sea coastline, Soviet AF (1984)
353-4
Chaumont, France, French AF (1977)
304-5
Changzhou, Chinese AF (1998) 393
Chile, Chilean AF (1978) 308-9
Davis-Monthan AFB, USAF (1952) 166-7
Delaware, USAF (1952) 172
Denver, USAAF (1945) 24
Detroit, USAAF (1945) 24
Emden, Germany, USAAF (1943) 21
English Channel, RAF (1943) 21
Essen, Germany (1943) 19-20
Essex, UK, RAF (1954) 154 -5
Exercise Mainbrace, RAF (1952) 152
Famborough, UK, RAF (1950) 149-51
Florida, USAAF (1946) 37-8
Florida, USAF 326
Florida, USAF (1953) 191
France, RAF (1944) 22-3
Georgia, Soviet AF (1990) 360-1
Germany, RAF (1990) 382-4
Germany, USAAF (1943) 33
Germany, USAF (1951) 5, 162-3
Germany, USAF (1976) 301-2
Gloucestershire, RAF (1952) 153-4
Granada, Spanish AF (1979) 311
Hanford AEC, USAF (1950) 160
Hawaii-Japan, USAF (1958) 206
Holland, RAF (1943) 19
Iceland, USAF (1954-5) 207
Indiana, USAF (1954) 216
Indiana, USAF (1956) 215-16
Irish Sea, RAF (2005) 410
Iwo Jima, USAAF (1945) 25
Kent, UK, RAF (1953) 154
Kentucky, USAF (1948) 104-5
Kirtland AFB, USAF (1973) 321
Korea, USN (1950) 135-6
Korea, USAF (1952) 167
Korea, Korean AF (1979) 310
Krasnovodsk, Soviet Armed Forces (1984-5)
354
Lintao Air Base, Chinese AF (1978) 309
Luke AFB, USAF (1997) 388
Massachusetts, USAF (1953) 189-91
Mediterranean Sea, Egyptian AF (1976)
Mediterranean Sea, Turkish AF (2001)
393-4
Mediterranean Sea, USAF (1983) 312
Michigan, USAF (1953) 192
Midway Island-Tokyo, USAF (1953-4) 206
Mikha Tskhakaya, Gruzinskaya, Soviet AF
(1984) 352-3, 365
Minot AFB, USAF (1968) 267-8
Misawa, Japan, USAF (1959) 236-7
Murmansk, USN (1974) 290
Nevada, USAF (1962) 246
Newfoundland, USAF (1953) 191
New York State, USAF (1954) 194
North Atlantic, USN (1951) 137-9
North Carolina, USMC (1953) 183-4
North Sea, RAF (1990) 382-3
Oregon, USAF (1959) 223-5
Otis AFB, USAF (1953) 189-91
Pakistani border, Indian AF (1976) 303
Peru, Peruvian AF (1980) 311-12
Portugal, Portuguese AF (1977) 307
Puerto Rico, USN (1988) 379
Puerto Rico, USN (1990) 380
RAF Tangmere (1952) 148
RAF Topcliffe (1952) 152
Saudi Arabia, RAF/USAF (1970)
Schweinfurt, USAAF (1943)
Shanghai, Chinese AF (1964) 295
South Dakota, USAF (1956) 218
South Dakota, USAF (1957) 218-19
South Dakota border, USAF (1956) 216-18
Soviet AF (1990) 356
Soviet AF Caspian Sea (1984)
Sverdlovsk , Soviet AF (1959) 237
Sweden (1946) 39-41
Tasman Peninsula, RAAF (1942) 18
Tehran, Iranian AF (1976) 302-3, 315-17
Texas, USAF (1953) 184-5
Texas, USAF (1959-60) 244-5
Turin, RAF (1942) 18
Turkey, Turkish AF (1969) 299
Turkmenistan, Soviet AF (1990) 357
Ukraine, Soviet AF (1944) 21-2
Valencia, Spanish AF (1979) 310-11
Varanasi-Benares, Indian AF (1977) 303
Venice, Italian AF (1930) 12
Virginia, USN (1981) 337
Washington, DC, USAF (1952) 172, 173, 174
Washington, DC, USAF (2002) 394-6
Wisconsin (1947) 61-2
Wisconsin, USAF (1953) 192
Wright-Patterson AFB, USAF (1950)
159-60
Wright-Patterson AFB, USAF (1976) 326-7
X-15, NASA (1962) 247
encounters with naval and other vessels 141, 143,145
Aguila (1969) 282-4
Brazil (1981) 368
Chinese Coastguard (1968) 295-6
HMCS Iroquois (1952) 142-3
MV Nickerson (1967) 279
Royal Canadian Navy (1974) 290
Soviet Navy (1974) 29
Soviet Navy (1977) 292
Soviet Navy (1985) 290
US Navy (1952) 166
US Navy (1976) 290-1
USS Franklin D. Roosevelt (1956) 231
USS Franklin D. Roosevelt (1958) 234-6
USS John F. Kennedy (1971) 285-8
USS John F. Kennedy (1974) 290
USS Leary (1969-70) 284-5
Volga, Soviet Navy (1977) 292
see abo USOs
infrared detection of 353
internal descriptions of 27, 117-19, 200, 248-9, 324
intrusions at ICBM sites 265-8, 277, 325-6, 352
landings of 15, 147, 208-9, 219-23, 246, 252,267-8, 295-6, 296, 298, 322, 354, 355, 358-60
medical symptoms caused by 136, 161, 235, 323, 367, 368
memory loss associated with 193, 252, 359
missing time associated with 297, 323, 324, 352, 359
paralysis associated with 297, 367
photographs and films of 26, 56, 120, 123, 135, 138-9, 161-2, 185, 217, 220-2, 223, 233,247, 256, 264-5, 268, 299, 306, 334-5,353, 360, 367, 379, 388, 389, 392, 401
power failures associated with 173, 189-90, 219,232, 234, 246, 254-5, 259, 266, 266-7, 282-3, 286-7, 302-3, 315-17, 404, 406
propulsion technology of 42, 118, 120, 133, 253, 324, 336, 423
psychological trauma induced by 298, 305, 307
radar interference/jamming by 120, 136,234, 287, 288, 289, 295, 305-6, 308-9, 358-9
radiation trauma associated with 161, 224, 335, 337, 345-6
sounds emitted by 11, 27, 149, 150-1, 160, 165,167, 222, 232, 282, 283, 323, 367, 384, 385
symptoms caused by 136, 161, 235, 389, 410
time distortion caused by 297
weaponry of 233-4, 424, 425
X-rays associated with 183
UK Government 148, 149, 269
Cabinet 147, 343
Emergency War Headquarters 343
Foreign Office 269
Ulam, Stanislav 109
Ullrich, Rebecca 53, 131
Umbrello, Paul 208
‘Unholy Thirteen1 130
UNITAS 380
United Airlines 59, 405-6
United Nations 427
University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) 423
University of Campinas (UNICAMP) 376
University of Chile 3
University of Colorado UFO Committee 187, 269
uranium 165
US Air Force (USAF) 5, 68, 75, 88, 100, 109, 120,135, 139, 162, 167, 172, 175-6, 178, 180,184, 185, 187, 188, 191, 192-3, 222, 223,224-5, 244, 246, 250, 269, 302-3, 312,315-17, 327-8, 330, 340, 376, 381, 390, 391, 392-3, 394, 396, 420, 425, 431
Aerospace Intelligence Division 325
Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory 105, 184
Air Defence Command
178
Air Force Academy (Department of Physics)
230
Air Force One 420-1
Air Force Intelligence (AFOIN) 45, 141, 163,166, 167, 189, 218, 219-20, 225, 253, 340
Air Force Office of Special Investigations
(AFOSI) 54, 84, 108, 109, 171, 267, 342
AFOIN-X (SG) 141, 176, 392-3
Air Force Psychiatric Center (Sheppard AFB)
252
Air Force Regulation (AFR) 24-4 188-9.
Air Force Regulation (AFR) 200-2 188, 189, 203, 226, 229
Air Force Space Command (AFSPC) 129, 257, 394, 426-7
Air Force Weapons Laboratory 322
Air Intelligence Requirements Division (AIRD)
104
4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron (AISS)
188-9, 255
Air Materiel Command 57, 70, 78, 89, 102, 105
Air National Guard 68, 83, 104, 189, 215-16, 224, 321, 388, 389, 394, 420
Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) 106, 141, 164, 174, 189, 195, 198, 221
Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the US 106
bases:
Andrews AFB 394-5, 396
Benton AF Station 251-2
Bentwaters (NATO) 327, 330, 331, 392
Davis-Monthan AFB 60, 166-7, 175
Desert Hot Springs 420
Edwards AFB 5, 62, 175, 208-9, 220-2, 247
Ellsworth AFB 216-17, 218-19
Ernest Harman AFB 191
George AFB 166
Glasgow AFB 259
Godman AFB 104-5
Holloman AFB 88, 175, 219-20, 223, 323, 325
Homestead AFB 289,419
Kinross AFB 192
Kirtland AFB 108, 109, 116, 120, 175, 321-2, 422
Luke AFB 175,388
Malmstrom AFB 266-7
McLellan AFB 381
Minot AFB 265-6, 267-8, 277
Nellis AFB 246
Neubiberg AFB 5, 106, 162-3
Norton AFB 191
Offiitt AFB 176
Otis AFB 189-91
Travis AFB 245-6
Tyndall AFB 421
Vandenberg AFB 264-5
Woodbridge (NATO) 327, 330, 331, 392
Wright-Patterson AFB 70, 84, 118, 131, 176, 184, 200
Yokota Air Base 236-7
Cape Canaveral Missile Test Range 263-4
Cash/Landrum case 336
‘Estimate of the Situation* 105-6, 114
Experimental Flight Test Engineering Division 5, 220-2
Foreign Technology Division/National Air
Intelligence Center 70, 251
Human Reliability Program 325
Introductory Space Science 230
Military Airlift Command (MAC) 205
Military Air Transport Service (MATS) 205
Office of Public Information 198, 325-6
Project Blue Book 54, 83, 121, 141, 153, 163,164, 165, 166, 172, 174, 187, 196, 198, 217, 222-3, 256, 268, 277
Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 204
Project Golden Eagle 196
Project Grudge 29, 149, 164, 165, 185, 196
Project Henry 196
Project Mogul 68, 83
Project Saucer 128, 165, 196
Project Sign 128, 165, 196
Project Stork 196
Project White Stork 196
Reci-Tech (Reconnaissance Technology) 217
Security Service 302,315
Sring 27 289
Strategic Air Command (SAC) 89, 265, 325
Strategic Air Force (Technical Intelligence
Division) 20
USAF 7795 (satellite programme) 424
US Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) 106-7, 115, 327-8
Zone of the Interior (Zl) 188, 226, 229
US Army
25th Division, 27th Regiment, 2nd Battalion
(Korea) 160-1,228
Anti-aircraft Artillery and Guided Missile Agency
57
Army Ballistics Missile Agency 81
Army Laboratory Command 341
Army Science Board 341
Cash/Landrum case 336
Columbus Army Depot 159
Counter Intelligence Corps (CIC) 109
Enemy Equipment Intelligence Section 56
Foreign Technology Office 70, 78, 424
Fort Allen 380
Fort Bliss 56, 77
Fort Hancock 101
Fort Hood/Killeen Base 107, 108, 109
Fort Monmouth 171
Fort Riley 77-8
Fort Sam 76
Fort Worth 69, 89
G-2 (Intelligence) 95, 109, 123, 160, 171, 341
Intelligence and Threat Analysis Center (ITAC)
422
Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit (1PU) 54
Kecksburg landing case 255-6
Walter Reed Hospital 78
US Army Air Forces (USAAF) 19, 24, 37, 57, 59, 60,61-2, 66, 68, 69, 78, 82, 88, 89, 95, 101-2, 104
Aero Medical Research 95
Army Security Agency 333
Counter Intelligence Corps 67
Foreign Technology (Research & Development),
S-2 (Intelligence) 95
Scientific Advisory Board 107
US Capitol Building 172
US Coast Guard
USCGC Steadfast 289-90
US Congress 243, 260, 338, 422
Armed Services Committee 78
Congressional Liaison Office 83
General Accounting Office (GAO) 79, 83-4, 97-8
House Appropriations Committee 60
House Committee on Science and Astronautics
(hearing) 254
US Defense Department 178, 396
US Defense Support Program (DSP) 303
US Department of State 36, 95
Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) 422
US District Court, Washington, DC 338, 347
US Government 4, 127, 130, 135, 188, 243, 270, 288, 336, 338, 339, 417, 421, 426-7
Ordnance Department 420
US Marine Corps (USMC) 61, 99, 183, 184
US Military Academy 214
US Navy (USN) 61, 69, 132, 135, 139, 145, 178, 285, 379, 425, 427
Atlantic Command Support Facility, Norfolk
337
Cash/Landrum case 336
Condition Zebra 337
Fleet Broadcasts 286
Guantanamo Bay 235
Integrated Operations Intelligence
Communications (IOIC) 287
Naval Air Rocket Test Station 187
Naval Air Station Argentia 137
Naval Air Station Kaneohe 27
Naval Air Station Los Alamitos 216
Naval Air Station Oceana 337
Naval Air Station Patuxent River 137, 207, 339-40
Naval Air Test Center Patuxent River 137, 138, 339-40
Naval Auxiliary Air Station, Edenton 183-4
Naval Research Laboratory 56, 95
Naval Space Surveillance System 265
Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) 26, 95, 109,118, 119, 135, 137, 138-9, 141, 145, 171, 283-4, 340, 341,422
Office of Naval Research 60
operational procedures for engaging UFOs 216
Operational Reporting System (OPREP) 288
Operations Intelligence 231
Roosevelt Roads Naval Station 380
Sea Bees 27
USS Eldridge 135, 143
USS Forrestal 288
USS Franklin D. Roosevelt 231, 234-6
USS John F. Kennedy 285-8
USS Leary 284-5
USS Martha's Vineyard 143
USS Sable 187	H
US Senate
Appropriations Committee for National Security
421,429
US Soil Conservation Service 73
US War Department 35, 82
USOs (unidentified submergible objects)
Arctic Ocean, Soviet Navy (1977) 292
Brazil (1977) 367, 368
Brazil (1981) 368-9
Chilean Navy 292
Bermuda area, USN (1976) 290-1
Florida coast, USAF (1971) 289-90
Iranian coast (1951?) 139-41
Shag Harbour, Canada (1967) 279-82
sonar detection of 281, 291
South Atlantic (1967) 279
USOs (unidentified submergible objects) (cont.)
Tasman Peninsula (1942) 18
Vietnam, USN (1969-70) 284-5
USSR/Russian Academy of Sciences 351
V-l flying bomb 36, 37, 38, 39, 43, 44, 48
V-2 rocket 36-7, 39, 43, 44, 48, 55-8, 81, 82, 147
Valentich, Frederick 309, 318
Vall6e, Jacques 20, 29, 193, 292, 355
Vampire, de Havilland 10
Vampire NF-10 154
Van Allen, Dr James 56
Vandenberg, Gen. Hoyt S. 82, 106, 109, 114, 129
Varenitsa, A. 358, 359
Varginha, Brazil incident (1996) 369-376
Varig Airlines 231-2
Velasco, Jean-Jacques 402
Venera (Venus) probe 257
Verkaik, Robert 1
Very Restricted Knowledge (VRK) 55
Vietnam War 285, 294
Villela, Rubens 110, 367
Voloshin, Ensign Valery N. 355, 363
Von Braun, Wemher 36, 45, 56, 57, 59, 81, 134
Von Karman, Dr Theodore 107, 116
Von Neumann, John 134
Von R£tyi, Andreas 70-1
Von Storch, Klaus 3
Voronezh (USSR) incident 355
Vulcan B.2, Hawker-Siddeley 305-6
Walker, Dr Eric A. 130-1
Walker, Joseph A. 247
Wall, Private Francis P. 160-1
Walt Disney Inc. 186
Walter, Master Sgt 252
Wang, Capt. Shuting
Wang, Changting 403
Ware Jr, Joseph F. 195
Warner Brothers 117
War Office (UK) 149
‘warp drive’ 2
Warren, Larry 328
Washington, DC, incidents (1952) 171-3, 175, 176,180
Washington, DC, incidents (2002) 394-6
Wasserfall rocket
see A-l Hermes
Watson, Col. Harold 164
Weaver, Col. Richard L. 83-4
Welles, Orson 162, 425
Wells, H.G. 162
Wertz, Laveme 223, 224
West Drayton (LTCC) 431
Westrell, Maj. C.F. 39
Weverbergh, Julien 271
White, Maj. Robert 247
Whitehead, Paul 383-4
White House 5, 127, 172, 201, 264
White House Staff 420
White Sands Proving Ground (WSPG) 55-7,‘61, 69, 81, 82, 88, 108, 120, 175, 219-20
Whiting, Fred 82
Whitman, Stuart 254-5
Whitted, 1st Officer John 45
Wickens, Laurie 280
Wilcox, Sheriff George 67
Wilkins, Harold T. 155,195
Wilkinson, Bill 341
Wills, Capt. Roger 402-3
Wilmot, Dan 67
Wilson, John W. 192
Wilson, Lt R.R. 192
Winner, Roy 195
Wood, Dr Robert M. 131,341
Woodward, Joan 394-6
Worley, Don 30
‘wormholes’ 2
WTOP Radio 395
Wyman, Maj. Gen. W.G. 60
X-15, North American Aviation 247
Yeates, Eugene 338
Young, Hugh 148
Zacharias, Prof. Jerrold R. 53-4
Z Division 53-4
Zak, Anatoly 37
Zhou, Quintong 309
Zechel, Todd 333
Zigel, Dr Felix 269-70, 271


============================================
PHOTO GALLERY


GUNS BOMBARD SKY US STRANGE PLANES
BLACK OUT SOUTHLAND IN FIRST RAffl’
No Bombs Fell. No
Aircraft Downed,
Report From Army
Headlines from the Long Bench
Press-Telegram of 25 February 1942 describing the
five-hour air alarm earlier that morning.
BULLETIN


A photograph showing
searchlight beams
converging on one of the
fifteen aerial intruders
seen over Culver City,
Los Angeles. The blobs of
light are probably bursts
of anti-aircraft rounds.
(Image enhanced by
Steven Lacey.)
(Los Angeles Times)
A Lancaster Mk III
(PA474), of the type
involved in a number
of UFO encounters
during the Second
World War.
(Timothy Good)

A Thunderbolt P-47D similar to the type flown by Free French Air Force pilot Jean Kisling,
when he attempted to shoot down a UFO above Mount Clemens Army Air Base near Detroit
in July 1945. (Republic Aviation)
Jean Kisling at Oscoda (later
VVurtsmith AFB), a sub-base for
Mount Clemens, in 1944.
(Jean Kisling)
In August 1945, a C-46 Commando was en route to Tokyo via hvo Jima when three unknown
objects closed with the plane, causing the port engine to stall and the plane to lose altitude.
(USAir Force)

Artwork depicting a
Saab B18 of the Royal
Swedish Air Force and
one of the ‘ghost
rockets’ it encountered
on the morning of
14 August 1946.
(© John	Andersson)
Above. The first American-adapted V-2 at White Sands,
New Mexico, shown during engine check-out.
(US Army)
Right. A contemporary news report of the UFO
interference encountered during the tests in May 1947.
(Las Cruces Sun News)
‘Peculiar Phenomena’
Is Blamed as V-2
Rocket Goes Astray
The German V-U rocket, launched at  White Sands Proving
Ground, Thusrday afternoon, landed only siz miles est of Alomagordo, at lawn of Indian Springs."Peculiar phenomena" was blaimed by Lt. Col. Harold R. Turner, communicating officer of White Sands for the offuer of While
Sands for the erratic test flight.
The  rocket carrying a warhead
installed by the Naval Research
Laboratory, was spotted at its
landing about 5.7 miles from the
launching site where it was fired
at 4:00 p.m. A crew was sent out
immediately to secure	rocket
IhkIv and warhead.
Fuel was cut off at the block-
house after the V-2 climbed to 80
miles at a lop speed of 4700 feet
per second. Total flight time was
five minutes and 30 seconds..
A quantity of rye seed was 
placed in the rocket to determine
the effect of  cosmic rays on its
germination. Heavy camera
equipment also was carried in
rocket and warhead.

Dr Wernher von Braun,
designer of the V-2 rocket and
advisor to the US Army V-2 test
firings at White Sands. He also
examined the craft and alien
bodies discovered near Roswell.
Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso
(left), who stewarded the
Roswell artefacts in a reverse-
engineering project instigated by
Lieutenant General Arthur
Trudeau (right).
(Collection of Philip Corso Jr.)
Below. Congressman Steven Schiff, whose
request to see official records pertaining
to the Roswell incident revealed that
they had been destroyed without
proper authority.
(Timothy Good)
Jon ‘Andy’ Kissner. His pioneering
research reveals that attacks on the
UFOs by the US military in the 1940s
led to a worldwide wave of crashes of
military and civilian aircraft.
(Timothy Good)

Roswell Army Air Field, home of the 509th Bombardment Group, the world’s first unit
equipped to carry nuclear weapons, where one or two alien craft plus bodies were first taken
after crashes in New Mexico in July 1947. (Timothy Good)
Above. A B-25 Mitchell bomber, of the type used to fly some or all of the debris found by Mac
Brazel to Fort Worth, Texas. (Timothy Good)

1st Lieutenant Eileen M. Fanton,
the nurse said to have attended the
autopsy of one of the alien beings
at Roswell Army Air Field.
(US Air Force)
Major General Clements McMullen, who
ordered the containment strategy to
cover up the Roswell incident.
(US Air Force)
Artwork by Glenn Dennis
based on drawings by the
nurse who attended one of the
alien autopsies. The fingertips
appeared to have suction cups
and the eyes were sunken so far
back - from exposure to the
desert - that it was difficult to
tell what they looked like.
(Glenn Dennis)

P-51 Mustangs of the California Air National Guard, of the type Captain Thomas Mantell was
flying when he was killed intercepting a UFO in January 1948. An intelligence report (below)
confirms that his last radio message was, 'It appears to be metallic object... of tremendous
size ... directly ahead and slightly above ... I am trying to close for a better look.’
(Via Philip Jarrett)
k. On 7 January 1948, a National Guard pilot was killed while attempting to chase an unidentified
object up to 30,000 feet. While it is presumed that this pilot suffered anoxia, resulting in his crash,
his last message to the tower was, “It appears to be metallic object....of tremendous site....directly
ahead and slightly above....I am trying to close for a better look."
Part of a US Air Force Intelligence summary referencing the incident, confirming Mantell's last
radio message to Godman AFB control tower. (US Air Force)
Captain Thomas F. Mantell, who
was killed while intercepting a
UFO near Franklin, Kentucky, on
7 January 1948. (US Air Force)
Frederick C.
Durant III,
a Naval aviator,
test pilot and
instructor, who
later became an
expert on missiles,
rockets and UFOs.
Fie is shown here
as an ensign,
serving with
Squadron VN15
in 1942.
(US Navy)

General Hoyt
Vandenberg, second
Director of Central
Intelligence. When a
Top Secret report
concluded that UFOs
were interplanetary, he
ordered it to be burned.
(US Air Force)
Wilbert B. Smith, who
headed the Canadian
Government’s first Top
Secret investigations
into UFOs.
(Van's Studio, Ottawa)
Royal Air Force Flight-Lieutenant
Stan Hubbard, who observed a disc
of about 100 feet in diameter over
the experimental aircraft test centre
at Farnborough, Hampshire,
in August 1950.
(Stan Hubbard / UFO Magazine - UK)
One of four
photographs taken
through a telescope by
George Adamski in
California, 5 March
1951, showing a
‘mothership’ releasing
smaller ‘scout’ craft.
(George	A
Foundation)
UFO photographed by a US Marine Air Group
pilot over the northeast China Sea during the
Korean War. The object came close to the aircraft
before shooting off at over 1,000 mph. It had a
very bright top, which ‘burned’ into the film
emulsion, and a bronze coloured base.
(W. Gordon Allen)

Leroy Gordon Cooper, the pilot, pioneer
astronaut and UFO researcher, to whom this
book is dedicated. While stationed in
Germany in 1951, Cooper was scrambled on
several occasions to intercept flying discs.
(Flight Data Center)
Captain Edward J.
Ruppelt, the
intelligence officer
who was the first head
of the US Air Force’s
Project Blue Book.
Major Donald
E. Keyhoe, former
US Marine Corps
pilot and first exposer
of the UFO cover-up.
(Fortean Picture
Library)
Above: The
Washington Post
lead story for 29
July 1952. Right.
Pilots and radar
navigators outside
their F-94B Starfire
interceptors at
Newcastle AFB,
Delaware, at the
time of the UFO air
alerts above
Washington, DC,
July 1952.
Newspictures)

An F9F Panther jet of the type flown by Marine 1st Lieutenant Eddy P. Balocco when he
was scrambled to intercept a UFO in February 1953 near Edenton, North Carolina.
(US Navy via Philip Jarrett)
Two F-102 Delta Dagger jets, like those scrambled to intercept a stationary object in the sky
over California in 1961. The crew calculated its sudden departure at nearly 36,000 mph.
(US Air Force via Robert F. Dorr)
In June 1953, a Lockheed
F-94C Starfire like this one
was scrambled to intercept
an unknown target at Otis
AFB, Massachusetts. Shortly
after take-off the power
failed. The pilot ejected
safely, without the radar
operator, who, along with
the aircraft, was never
found.
(The National Archives,
Washington, DC)

This UFO was photographed in 1963 by the co-pilot of an AVENSA Airlines DC-4 between
Barcelona and Maiquetia in Venezuela. A propeller spinner can be seen in the right foreground,
and a highway divides the trees. Fernando de Calvet, a professional topographer and
geometrician, demonstrated mathematically that all of the objects in the photograph bear exact
relation with each other. (Aerial Phenomena Research Organisation)
A radarscope photograph of UFOs off
Bermuda, taken from a US Air Force plant
on 3 July 1954. (The National Archives,
Washington, DC)

President John F.. Kennedy was allegedly taken on this Air Force One (Boeing VC-137C) to view
deceased alien bodies at a US Air Force base in Florida. (US Air Force)
An Atlas-F intercontinental ballistic missile. In
September 1964, an Atlas with a dummy nuclear
warhead, test-fired from Vandenberg AFB, California,
was approached by a classic disc-shaped craft which fired
flashes of light at it. The warhead malfunctioned and
tumbled out of sub-orbit. The event - confirmed by
several military personnel - was recorded on 35mm
movie film through a high-powered telescope.
( US Air Force)
A frame from the 8mm colour movie film taken by
George Adamski in the presence of Madeleine Rodeffer
and other witnesses at Silver Spring, Maryland (near
Washington, DC) in February 1965. During a meeting
with the author at the Pentagon in May 1998, the
Director of the Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office
stated his opinion that this and other frames from the
film seemed genuine. (Madeleine Rodeffer)

Sketch of the object which crash-
landed near the village of Kecksburg,
Pennsylvania, in December 1965.
(C. M. Hanna)
Left. The USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67). In June/July 1971 a massive, glowing, spherical UFO
appeared over the carrier, disrupting communications and electrical systems. (US Navy)  
Right. James M. Kopf, one of the witnesses, a communications specialist holding Top Secret
Crypto clearance at the time.
The USS Leary DD-879,
which had an encounter
with an unidentified
submarine object during
the Vietnam War.
(US Navy)

The Dassault Mirage IVA, Frances supersonic bomber capable of carrying a 60-kiloton nuclear
weapon. In March 1977, Colonel Rene Giraud and his navigator encountered a huge UFO,
‘at least as big as a Boeing 747’, while flying a Mirage IVA over Chaumont. Philip Jarrett)
The British Vulcan bomber, designed to carry nuclear weapons. In May 1977, the crew of this
Vulcan reported a UFO over the Bay of Biscay. The aircraft - Vulcan B.2 Blue Steel XL321 of
617 Squadron - is shown here at RAF Finningley in 1969. (Steve Williams)
Right. A photograph taken in September 1985 of
the object which had nearly collided head-on
with a Cessna 337 Super Skymaster over the
Mojave Desert. (David J. Hastings)
Yuri Andropov,
former Soviet
president and head of
the KGB. In 1977/78
he instigated a top-secret ten-year UFO
research programme
involving four million
military officers. (US
Information Service)

A Japan Airlines Boeing 747-400
cargo jet, and a drawing of the
object seen from one of these
aircraft over Alaska in November
1986, sketched by Captain Kenju
Terauchi. The jumbo jet, shown
on the right, was dwarfed by the
craft. (Japan Airlines / Ken ju
Terauchi)
In July 1976, two Indian Air
Force MiG-21s, such as the one
shown here, witnessed a disc¬
-shaped object on the Pakistan
border, which flew away at
an estimated 2,600 mph
when approached.
(Indian Air Force)
An F-4 Phantom jet,
frequently involved in UFO
interceptions, such as those
in Germany and Iran in
1976. (Timothy Good)

A Chinese Shenyang JJ-6, like the one scrambled to intercept a UFO near Changzhou City in
October 1998. The UFO repeatedly played ‘cat and mouse’ with the jet. Permission to fire at the
object was denied. (Chinese Air Force)
On 4 January 2004, this Boeing 737-448 of Aer Lingus was allegedly harrassed by a triangularshaped 
craft prior to landing at Dublin Airport. The airliner experienced a power drain, there
was a great deal of turbulence, the outside air temperature rose to 164° Centigrade and the
plane suffered damage to the wings and air brakes. (Andrzej Krzewski)
John Podesta, formerly President Clinton’s
Chief of Staff. ‘It’s time to open the books ...
on the question of government investigations
of UFO’s,’ he said in 2002. ‘We ought to do it
because the American people, quite frankly,
can handle the truth; and we ought to do it
because it’s the law.' (Leslie Kean)
‘UFOs are as real as the airplanes that fly over
your head,’ said retired Canadian Minister of
Defence Paul Hellyer (right) in 2005. ‘The
secrecy involved in all matters pertaining to
the Roswell incident was unparalleled ... so
the vast majority of US officials [and]
politicians ... were never in the loop.’
(Ethan Eisenberg)


AN EXPOSE OF THE GREATEST SECRET ON EARTH-
THE TOPP-SECRET DOCUMENTS, THE HIGH-LEVEL INTELLIGENCE
AND THE EVIDENCE THAT PROVE UFOs EXIST.
Fact:In 1945 the U.S. military recovered an alien spacecraft.
Fact: A French pilot serving in the USAF fired at a UFO, in the first recorded
incident of this kind, also in 1945.
   Fact: The U.S. shot down several flying disks in the late 1940s, a period marked by
an unprecedented wave of unexplained aircraft crashes.
The facts have continued only to mount over the past six decades in the classified files
of military and intelligence agencies worldwide. Pilots the world over-from China and
the former Soviet Union, from Saudi Arabia and Iran-have reported incidents with
UFOs that have often been accompanied by electrical interference and communications
difficulties. A Chilean air force general, a French nuclear bomber, and a German pilot
(despite warnings from the USAF not to discuss) all attest to airborne encounters with
strange craft. UFOs at low altitudes have been sighted by personnel on U.S. aircraft
carriers and at France s rocket range in Algeria; they have paralyzed launch systems at
nuclear missile sites. A triangular craft buzzed two airliners - and damaged one of
them - on their approach to Dublin airport.
Nor have aliens established their presence only in the air. A doctor reports operating
on the injuries of an alien captured in Brazil, for one dramatic example. UFOs have
prompted more secrecy and security - and deception -than any other concern ever on the
part of military specialists and intelligence chiefs around the world. An acknowledged
authority on the controversial subject of UFOs, and an indefatigable researcher, Timothy
Good in this revelatory, if disturbing book tells us what we need to know. The evidence
presented is clear, balanced-and irrefutable.
PRAISE FOR TIMOTHY GOOD
“Timothy Good's Above Top Secret is a bible for UFO watchers.”
-Wall  Street Journal
“The evidence that Good has amassed is too overwhelming to ignore and it is
clear that a more open debate is long overdue.”	Sunday Times (London)
Timothy Good is widely regarded as one of the worlds top experts on alien
phenomena, which has led to speaking engagements at the Pentagons Defense Airborne
Reconnaissance Office and the headquarters of the French Air Force. His first book,
Above Top Secret is widely regarded as the definitive book on the subject.

PEGASUS BOOKS
Distributed by Consortium - wvw.cbsd.e0m
Cover Image (C) Digital Vision
§16.95
Military History
ISBN 978-1-933648-38-5
