============================================================================
Title Pages


Contents

About the Book
About the Author
Also by Timothy Good
Title Page
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Foreword
Introduction
A Source of Unknown Energy
Displacements
Soul Vampires
Operation Andromeda
New Dimensions
Vortex
An Atrophied Culture
The Creature of Pretare
Dead or Alive
Face to Face
Full Exposure
Charges, Confessions and Denials
Analysis and Hypotheses
The Creatures of Varginha
A Predatory Threat
Creatures Galore
Island of Enchantment
Resident Aliens
Appendix
Picture Section
ABOUT THE BOOK


In  Unearthly  Disclosure,  best-selling  author  Timothy  Good  reveals  for  the
first time sensational information provided to him by high-level sources who
confirm that contact has been made with a select group in the US military and
scientific intelligence  community,  and  furthermore that  aliens  have
established  subterranean  and  submarine  bases  on  Earth.  Revelations  also
include astonishing colour photographs of an alien creature.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Timothy  Good  became  interested  in  UFOs  in  1955  when  he  read  a  book
describing  sightings  by  qualified  observers  such  as  military  and  civilian
pilots.  Now  a  leading  authority,  he  has  researched  the  subject  worldwide,
amassing  a  wealth  of  evidence, including thousands  of intelligence
documents.  His  numerous  contacts 
include  astronauts,  military  and
intelligence specialists, pilots and politicians. He has lectured at universities,
schools,  and  at  many  organisations,  including  the  Institute  of  Medical
Laboratory  Sciences,  the  Royal  Canadian  Military  Institute,  the  Royal
Geographical Society, the House of Lords All-Party UFO Study Group, and
the  Oxford  and  Cambridge  Union  societies.  He  has  also  addressed  the
Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office at the Pentagon.



Timothy  Good’s  first  book,  Above  Top  Secret  (1987),  became  an  instant
bestseller  and  is  regarded  widely  as  the  definitive  book  on  the  subject,
together  with  the  fully  revised  and  updated  book  replacing  it,  Beyond  Top
Secret (1996), which remained for five weeks on the Sunday Times bestseller
list. Alien Liaison (1991) spent thirteen weeks on the same bestseller list. He
has also edited a number of books on the subject, including the bestselling
Alien Update (1993). The hardback edition of Unearthly Disclosure  (2000)
was serialised in the Daily Mail.

Timothy Good is also a professional violinist, and played for fourteen years
with the London Symphony Orchestra. Nowadays he freelances occasionally
for major feature films, television dramas and commercials, and recordings
with pop musicians.

Also by Timothy Good

Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret (1991)

Alien Update (1993)

Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat (1996)

Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials (1998)

UNEARTHLY DISCLOSURE

Conflicting Interests in the Control of

Extraterrestrial Intelligence

Timothy Good

With a Foreword by Admiral of the Fleet

The Lord Hill-Norton GCB

Chief of the Defence Staff (1971–3)

Chairman of the NATO Military Committee (1974–7)

To Bruce Renton (1925–1998)


====================================================================================
Acknowledgements

I would like to record my thanks in particular to the following individuals and
organizations who have contributed directly or indirectly to the production of
Unearthly Disclosure:
the  Royal  Astronomical  Society; 
William S. Adams of Random House (UK) legal department; José Miguel
Agosto;  Walter  Andrus  and  the  Mutual  UFO  Network;  John  Auchettl  and
Phenomena Research Australia; Jesús Alberto Balbi and Cuarta Dimensión;
Frank  Bourke  and  the  National  Star,  Lafayette,  Indiana;  the  Brazilian  Air
Force; Andrea L. Buchanan and the Daily Optic, Las Vegas, New Mexico;
Jonathan  Caplan  QC; 
the  French  Committee  for  In-Depth  Studies
(COMETA); Soraya Collazo and family; Dwight Connelly and the MUFON
UFO  Journal;  Billy  Cox  and  Florida  Today;  Dr  James  Deardorff  and  the
Quarterly  Journal  of 
the  Defense
Intelligence  Agency;  Lucius  Farish  and  the  UFO  Newsclipping  Service;
Salvador  Freixedo  and  Magdalena  Del  Amo-Freixedo;  Dorina  Garcia  Lugo
and family; GeoSystems Global Corporation; José Orlando Golís; Patricia B.
Grant; Jean-Gabriel Greslé; Dr Peter Hattwig; Sebastián Robiou Lamarche;
Nikolai  Lebedev  and  Komsolomets  Kirgizia;  Michael  Lindemann  and  CNI
News; Erwin Lohre; Gianfranco Lollino; M. Alvarez López; the Los Angeles
Times; François Louange; Frank Macintyre and the Times; Molly Moore and
the  Washington  Post;  the  National  Aeronautics  &  Space  Administration;
Maria  Ortíz;  Pan  American  World  Airways/DynCorp.;  Roberto  Pinotti;
Polaroid UK Ltd.; Nick Pope; G.P. Putnam’s Sons, publishers of America’s
Ancient Civilizations by A. Hyatt Verrill and Ruth Verrill; Ronald Reagan,
Hon.  KBE;  Nicholas  Redfern;  Milly  Eufemia  Rivas;  Amaury  Rivera;  Felix
Rivera; Nestor Rivera; Les Roberts; Ubirajara Rodrigues; Dr Edoardo Russo
and the Italian Centre for Ufology Studies; Davis Sheremata and the British
Columbia Report, Vancouver; Dick Sherman and Raytheon News; Dr R. Leo
Sprinkle;  Sir  Mark  Thomson  Bt.;  the  United  States  Air  Force  Air  Combat
Command; the United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations; the
United States Coast Guard; the United States National Transportation Safety
Board;  Dorothee  Walter;  Michael  Wysmierski  and  The  Brazilian  UFO
Report; Fabio Zerpa.

I am especially indebted to: Admiral of the Fleet The Lord Hill-Norton, for
his courageous Foreword and steadfast support over the past 20 years, often
in the face of derision from certain elements of the press; Dr José Alonso, for
his  interview  with  Graham  Sheppard  and  me  at  the  Arecibo  Observatory,
Puerto  Rico;  Dr  John  Altshuler,  for  helpful  comments  regarding  animal
mutilations  and  alleged  alien  implants;  Maurizio  Baiata,  for  help  with  the
Filiberto Caponi case; Margaret Barling, for Spanish and Italian translations
and  additional  assistance;  Jeannie  Belleau,  for  excellent  research  on  my
behalf and for unforgettable transportation in New Mexico; Joseph Bohunko,
manager of the US Air Force Tethered Aerostat Radar Site at Lajas, Puerto
Rico, for his interview with Graham Sheppard and me; Robert Bigelow and
Dr Colm Kelleher of the National Institute of Discovery Science (NIDS), for
generous  use  of  a  NIDS  report  on  the  investigation  of  a  cow  mutilation  in
Utah;  Graham  Birdsall,  editor  of  UFO Magazine,  for  extracts  from  several
articles; Mark Ian Birdsall, editor of The Unopened Files,  for  his  interview
with Kelly Cahill and for his donation of an Aldus PageMaker programme
for  my  computer;  Vivienne  Birdsall,  Mark’s  late  wife,  who  installed  the
programme and spent much time patiently helping me to understand it, even
as  she  bravely  fought  cancer;  Mark  Booth,  my  editor  at  Century,  for  his
unswerving loyalty and wise counsel regarding the many problems that beset
us  with  Unearthly  Disclosure  (not  least  the  title!);  Hannah  Black,  Mark’s
assistant,  and  Anna  Cherrett,  for  their  patience  in  coping  with  my
perfectionism; Gildas Bourdais, for excerpts from his article in the MUFON
UFO Journal on the COMETA report, Les OVNI et la Défense: A quoi doit-
on se préparer?; Kelly Cahill, for her interview with Mark Ian Birdsall and
for extracts from her book, Encounter, published by HarperCollins; Filiberto
Caponi,  for  his  wonderful  pictures  and  story,  and  for  his  unstinting  cooperation
  and  faith  in  me;  Enrique  Castillo  Rincón,  for  so  generously
allowing me to make a three-chapter synopsis of his book, UFOs: A Great
New  Dawn  for  Humanity  (Blue  Dolphin  Publishing),  and  for  providing  me
with a synopsis from his second book, prior to publication thereof; the Civil
Defence  of  Canóvanas,  Puerto  Rico,  especially  Ismael  Aguayo  and  Edwin
Vazquez, for assistance with investigations, including on-site interpretation;
Agent  Juan  Collazo  Vazquez  of  the  Canóvanas  Police  Department,  for  the
interview with Graham Sheppard and me; Gordon Creighton, editor of Flying
Saucer  Review,  for  extracts  from  a  number  of  articles  published  in  this
indispensable journal; Chad Deetken, for the article on his research in Puerto
Rico, and for additional information; Robert Fairfax, for much of the article
he  wrote  in  the  MUFON  UFO  Journal  (together  with  Peter  Davenport,
Kathleen  Anderson  and  Ruben  Uriarte)  on  the  abduction  of  an  elk  in
Washington  State;  Massimo  Fratini,  for  help  with  Filiberto  Caponi’s  case,
including  transportation  in  Italy;  Professor  Roger  Green,  for  his  exhaustive
analysis  of  the  Caponi  photographs;  Andrew  Lownie,  my  agent,  for  his
constant  support  and  sensible  advice;  Jorge  Martín,  editor  of  Evidencia
OVNI,  for  numerous  extracts  from  his  magazine  and  from  his  book,  La
Conspiración  Chupacabras,  and  for  assistance  with  my  investigations  in
Puerto  Rico;  Dr  Edgar  J.  Mitchell,  for  checking  and  approving  quotations
attributed  to  him,  and  for  his  photograph;  Ted  Oliphant  III,  for  lengthy
excerpts from his article on cattle mutilations; Vitório Pacaccini, co-author of
Incidente em Varginha, for much assistance with my chapter on the Varginha
case;  Alessandro  Piccioni,  for  the  invaluable  assistance  he  rendered  in
translating Filiberto Caponi’s letters and other related material; Bob Pratt and
Cynthia Luce, for generous extracts from their articles in the MUFON UFO
Journal  on  Lieutenant-Colonel  Hollanda’s  official  investigations  and  the
Varginha case in Brazil; Yasmin Renton, who together with her father Bruce
(to whom this book is dedicated) translated Filiberto Caponi’s manuscript so
impeccably; Antonio Ribera, for his articles on the Julio Fernández abduction
case,  published  in  Flying  Saucer  Review,  and  for  additional  information;
Hon. José R. Soto Rivera, Mayor of Canóvanas, Puerto Rico, who together
with  his  assistant,  Jorge  Pérez,  provided  much  help  with  investigations;  Dr
Pedro  Rosselló,  Governor  of  Puerto  Rico,  for  responding  frankly  to  my
questions and for reviewing some of the Puerto Rican cases described herein;
Graham  Sheppard,  my  principal  associate,  for  the  report  on  his  mysterious
displacement  while  flying  in  Puerto  Rico,  and  for  a  great  deal  of  help  and
humour during our research – on the ground and in the air – in the ‘Island of
Enchantment’; Simon & Schuster, for extracts from The Day After Roswell,
by  Col.  Philip  J.  Corso  with  Andrew  J.  Birnes;  Jackie  Stableforth,  for
material  from  The  Brazilian  Roswell,  a  television  documentary  which  she
produced  on  the  Varginha  incidents  (directed  by  Bruce  Burgess),  and  for
additional  help;  Hal  Starr,  who  provided  me  with  information  regarding  an
alleged  alien  base  in  the  Marshall  Islands;  Bernard  Thouanel  and  Presse-
Communication, for material from Les OVNI et la Défense; Sarah Harrison,
my  publicist  at  Random  House  (UK),  for  a  first-rate  job  organizing  the
promotion of Unearthly Disclosure; Rubens Junqueira Villela, for his article,
‘UFOs in Antarctica’, and for a great deal of additional information relating
to  his  communications  with  extraterrestrials  in  Brazil;  Ilsa  Yardley,  for  her
copy-editing of the manuscript.

Finally, I am indebted to my sources – ‘John’ in particular – and to others
who have also contributed or helped but are not named.


====================================================================================
Foreword

Admiral of the Fleet

The Lord Hill-Norton GCB

Chief of the Defence Staff 1971–3

Chairman of the NATO Military Committee 1974–7

I have known Tim Good for about 20 years and have been in close touch with
him for all that long time, during which I have written a Foreword for two of
his books and a Commentary on a couple of others. It is a pleasure for me to
have been asked to do it again, for I have the highest regard for his absolute
integrity,  his  determination  and  skill  as  a  researcher,  and  his  wide  and
detailed knowledge of the whole fascinating UFO experience. Were this not
so, I confess at once that I should have serious difficulty in accepting several
passages in this riveting book and the astounding revelations he now shares
with  the  public.  Foremost  among  these,  perhaps,  are  his  reports  on
widespread alien bases, including some undersea and their craft (USOs), and
the possibility that the occupants have been collaborating with the Americans
in the transfer of technology.

In this new work the author starts from the premise that there can no longer
be  any  serious  doubt  that  extraterrestrials  have  been  visiting  our  planet  for
many years. He deals here with their activities, rather than with speculation
about  the  craft  in  which  they  travel.  We  learn  in  his  Introduction  that  the
French Institute of Higher Studies for National Defence reported last year to
their President and Prime Minister that ‘the physical reality of UFOs under
the  control  of  intelligent  beings  is  now  almost certain’  and,  as  I  have  said
publicly elsewhere, I share that view. Indeed, it seems to me that the position
of  even  a  few  years  ago  is  now  reversed  and  that  anyone  who  does  not
believe it should be required to prove why they do not, rather than the other
way round.

Good cites the ‘giggle factor’ in his Introduction to describe the reaction of
people,  who  should  know  better,  to  disclosures  about  UFOs  and  their
occupants,  and  their  origin,  behaviour  and  purpose.  Such  expressions  are

unfortunately commonplace and most usually appear in the writings of lazy
second-rate journalists. Many share their views or, perhaps more accurately,
say that they do. This reaction can only be driven by fear or ignorance and, as
far as scientists are concerned, what they fear most is an attack on their own
discipline; they fear their ignorance being exposed to public derision and they
actually fear their inability to cope with what Good and all serious ufologists
assert is the reality. As for the ‘journos’, they have found that it is easier to
write a knocking piece about what I have called the ‘little green men ha-haha
’ syndrome than it would be to do some quite difficult but elementary work
on analysing books such as this one.

I have laboured this point because I believe it is important, particularly to
new readers of the genre, to start with the notion that this is not a work of
fiction; it is a carefully considered report by a distinguished and experienced
researcher.  Let  me  go  over  to  the  attack  –  UFO  protagonists  now  have  no
need to be defensive, if they ever had. So if after reading Chapters 8–13 you
still  do  not  believe  that  there  was  a  creature  of  Pretare,  try  answering  the

Anyone  who  reads  these  words  will  very  soon  realize  that  they  must
disregard  this  foolish  and  superficial  view  of  UFOs,  and  their  occupants,
called  for  convenience  ‘aliens’.  Tim  Good  refers  in  his  Introduction  to  the
sensible,  proper  and  highly  satisfactory  way  in  which  this  whole  important
subject is treated in China. How much better it would be for all of us if our
scientific community and the media would give it the same treatment.

Discerning readers will find here a wealth of material upon which they can
make up their own minds. I would suggest that before doing so they should
try  to  imagine  what  their  grandparents,  perhaps  even  their  parents,  would
have made in the 1920s, even in the 1950s, of the idea that men would shortly
be walking on the Moon, that space probes would arrive at the precise time
forecast years before on Jupiter or Saturn or Mars, and send back precise and
detailed information, that instant communication by voice or image from one
spot on the globe to any other would be just routine, that human hearts can be
successfully  transplanted,  babies  conceived  in  a  test  tube  and  that  all  this
would be commonplace in 2000. They would have found such happenings as
bizarre,  fanciful  and  incredible  as  some  of  the  matters  which  have  been
reported all over the world to Good by reliable and corroborated witnesses,
such as Rubens Villela, a distinguished scientist who has worked for the CIA
as well as the US and Brazilian navies.

following questions: Why on earth should Caponi make up such an unlikely
tale?  How,  if  he  made  it  up,  did  a  young  unsophisticated  artisan  from  a
remote Italian village manage to convince such an experienced, hard-headed
researcher as Good? Why was a hostile Carabinieri unable to break his story
or  to  discredit  his  photographs?  Why  did  the  US  Embassy  in  Rome  try  to
steal the photographs? If, after reading Chapters 2, 16 and 17, you still do not
believe that there is something very odd going on in Puerto Rico, then you
have  brought  scepticism  to  an  art  form.  Why  does  almost  the  entire
population believe in the existence of the so-called chupacabras? Why does
the US military deny access to part of the island which is reported to contain
an alien base and is sometimes guarded by armed sentries? These and many
more strange stories from the island have been checked out with the author
by Graham Sheppard, a recently retired British Airways captain, who relates
in Chapter 2 a remarkable experience he had there himself, not far from an
area where two other pilots simply disappeared some years before. He and his
aircraft flying there in good weather inexplicably suffered what he describes
as ‘an enormous lateral displacement’, which took him miles off his course
and nearly into a forbidden zone. Is it likely that a man whose very career
depends on his airmanship and total integrity would make up such a yarn?

All these, and many other astonishing and well-documented experiences,
await you in this remarkable book. It will appeal, I have no doubt, to the new
explorer in this strange territory as well as to the regular UFO buff. Readers
of  either  persuasion  cannot  fail  to  be  impressed  –  as  I  was  –  that  many
incidents  reported  by  the  author  are  corroborated  by  more  than  one
independent  witness,  frequently  a  member  of  the  police,  or  the  military,
whose  integrity  there  can  be  no  reason  to  doubt.  Good  has  given  me  in
confidence the names of many of his sources who do not at present wish to be
identified,  and  I  can  vouch  for  their  record  of  probity  and  good  standing,
frequently  in  government  service.  This  alone  makes  Unearthly  Disclosure
worthy of serious attention and allows me to recommend it with confidence.
It is a first-class read and an important contribution to the UFO lexicon.

HILL-NORTON

 

Admiral of the Fleet The Lord Hill-Norton was educated at the Royal Naval
Colleges  Dartmouth  and  Greenwich.  During  the  Second  World  War  he
served in Arctic convoys, the North-West Approaches and on the Admiralty
Naval  Staff.  From  1953  to  1955  he  served  as  Naval  Attaché  in  Argentina,
Uruguay and Paraguay. He commanded HMS Decoy (1956–7) and HMS Ark
Royal  (1959–61).  In  1968  he  was  promoted  Admiral  and  in  1969  became
Commander-in-Chief  of  all  British  Forces  in  the  Far  East.  In  1970  he  was
appointed First Sea Lord, the professional head of the Royal Navy, and, from
1971,  shortly  after  his  promotion  to  the  rank  of  Admiral  of  the  Fleet,  he
became Chief of the Defence Staff of the United Kingdom and, as such, the
British government’s principal defence adviser. From April 1974 to 1977 he
was Chairman of the NATO Military Committee, the highest military office
in the Alliance.

Lord  Hill-Norton  is  author  of  No  Soft  Options:  The  Politico-Military
Realities  of  NATO  (1978)  and  Sea  Power  (1982),  which  he  also  presented
personally in a popular television series.

====================================================================================
Introduction

Asked  how  they  would  react  to  undeniable  proof  that  aliens  are  visiting
Earth, 32 per cent of 1971 influential men and women in the United States
said they were ‘fully prepared to handle it’. When asked how they thought
others would react to the same news, however, 25 per cent said that ‘most
people would totally freak out and panic’, according to a nationwide survey
conducted by the Roper Organization for the National Institute of Discovery
Science in 1999. Eighty per cent said they thought that the US Government
would classify or suppress evidence of extraterrestrial life.1

It  is  difficult  to  assess  precisely  how  people  would  react  to  an  official
announcement confirming an alien presence on Earth, although if reactions to
unofficial announcements hinting at such a presence are anything to go by,
few  people  seem  to  be  bothered.  When  President  Reagan  asked,  ‘Is  not  an
alien  force  already  among  us?’,  during  an  important  speech  to  the  United
Nations  General  Assembly  in  1987,  after  stating  his  conviction  that  ‘our
differences  worldwide  would  vanish  if  we  were  facing  an  alien  threat’,2
hardly  anyone  paid  attention  (least  of  all  at  the  UN).  In  1999  a  90-page
report, ‘Les OVNI et la Défense: A quoi doit-on se préparer?’3 (‘UFOs and
Defence: What must we be prepared for?’), written mostly by former auditors
at  the  French  Institute  of  Higher  Studies  for  National  Defence  (IHEDN),
concluded that the physical reality of UFOs, under the control of intelligent
beings,  was  ‘almost  certain’.  Submitted  to  President  Jacques  Chirac  and
Prime  Minister  Lionel  Jospin  prior  to  its  public  release,  the  report  was
ignored by the international media, except in France, where it was rubbished
by the few newspapers which mentioned it at all.

Gildas Bourdais, a leading French researcher and author, explains that the
French report is the result of an independent study by the ‘Committee for In-Depth
  Studies’  (COMETA),  whose  members  include  General  Denis  Letty
(President), General Bruno Le Moine, General Pierre Bescond, General Alain
Orszag,  Admiral  Marc  Merlo  and  Denis  Blancher,  chief  National  Police
superintendent at the Ministry of the Interior. There is a preface by Air Force
General  Bernard  Norlain,  a  former  director  of  IHEDN  as  well  as  former
commander of the French Tactical Air Force and military counsellor to the

prime minister, and an introduction by Dr André Lebeau, former president of
the  National  Centre  for  Space  Studies  (CNES),  the  French  equivalent  of
NASA. Outside contributors included Jean-Jacques Vélasco, head of SEPRA
(Service d’Expertise des Phénomènes de Rentrée Atmosphérique), the French
government’s official UFO study group.4

COMETA  states  that  the  extraterrestrial  hypothesis  for  the  origin  of
unexplained UFOs is ‘by far the best scientific hypothesis . . . if [UFOs] were
terrestrial  craft,  they  could  only  be  of  American  construction  and,  despite
every secret precaution, that fact would have been uncovered’.5

‘What  situations  must  we  be  prepared  for?’  is  a  key  question  posed  by
COMETA. The report addresses situations such as extraterrestrial moves for
official  contact;  discovery  of  an  alien  base;  invasion  (deemed  improbable)
and localized or wide-scale attack; and manipulation or disinformation aimed
at destabilizing other states. The report also explores political and religious
ramifications associated with alien visitation.6

Surprisingly,  given  France’s  traditional  independent  stance  on  matters  of
national  security,  particularly  where  the  United  States  is  concerned,
COMETA  recommends  that  European  states  and  the  European  Union  seek
diplomatic initiatives with the US regarding this ‘capital question’, within the
framework  of  political  and  strategic  alliances.  However,  the  report  notes,
‘faced  with  a  persistent  attitude  of  secrecy,  how  can  we  conceive  of
harmonious political and military relations between allies which . . . should
rest  on  mutual  trust  if,  in  particular,  access  to  technological  information  of
incalculable importance is denied?’7

COMETA comments further on American policy in this regard:

It  is  true  that  the  attitude  of  this  country  has  been  extremely  strange  since  the  June  1947  wave  of
sightings, followed by the Roswell affair. If the Americans managed, on that occasion or on others, to
recover at least some pieces of debris or complete wreckage of extraterrestrial vehicles, in more or less
good  condition,  or  even  humanoid  corpses,  then  some  kind  of  contact  would  indeed  have  been
established.

‘Why  and  how  could  a  secret  of  such  magnitude  be  kept,  in  spite  of
everything, up to the present day?’ COMETA asks, emphasizing the unique
level  of  secrecy  shrouding  the  subject  since  1947.  ‘The  simplest  answer
would  be  that  the  United  States  wants  to  protect,  at  all  costs,  military
technological  superiority  derived  from  the  study  of  UFOs,  and,  perhaps,  a
privileged contact.’8

The COMETA report is not without its critics, especially among members
of the UFO research community, who tend to overlook the fact that reports of
this  nature  are  directed  at  the  general  public  as  well  as  specialists.  Most,
however,  concede  its  significance.  ‘In  spite  of  some  minor  mistakes  and
inappropriate hints,’ writes the author Jean Sider, ‘this report is nevertheless
making  quasi-official  the  UFO  phenomenon.  It  is  the  first  time  in  France,
even  in  Europe,  and  maybe  in  the  world,  that  these  unusual  manifestations
are  admitted  publicly  under  the  cover  of  a  body  close  to  the  Ministry  of
Defence  (IHEDN)  as  being  possibly  created  by  an  unknown  intelligence,
maybe extraterrestrial.’9

‘It was neither an accident nor a coincidence that [the committee members]
possessed good scientific training or practice in several technical disciplines,’
writes Jean-Gabriel Greslé, a retired military and airline pilot who has also
written several books on UFOs.

The aim of the committee members, every one of them a specialist of good standing, was to convince
their  colleagues  that  a  problem,  too  long  neglected,  was  worthy  of  their  attention  .  .  .  None  of  the
gentlemen who agreed to make their identity public, and a few others who did not, are given to flights
of  fancy.  The  muted  sense  of  urgency  that  pervades  the  whole  report  suggests  that  the  committee
members knew a few things that the population at large did not . . .10

An American report by an international panel of scientists (including two
COMETA members), directed by Dr Peter Sturrock, issued a year before the
one  by  COMETA,  concludes  that  scientists  could  learn  much  about
unexplained  physical  evidence  for  UFOs  if  the  ‘giggle  factor’  could  be
overcome.11 In contrast, thus far, to the COMETA study, the Sturrock report,
Physical Evidence Related to UFO Reports,12 received wide, sensible media
coverage.

The  ‘giggle  factor’  is  not  a  problem  in  China.  In  my  book  Beyond  Top
Secret, I devoted a chapter to encounters with UFOs reported by military and
civilian pilots, and other credible witnesses in that country, and showed how
seriously the subject is treated in the academic community. In 1992 the China
UFO Research Organization, which is a member of the China Association for
Science  and  Technology,  had  3600  formal  members  as  well  as  40,000
research associates.13 ‘The level of interest and acceptance is rising rapidly,’
said Sun Shili, a retired Foreign Ministry official who heads the Beijing UFO
Research  Society,  in  January  2000.  ‘Because  of  the  frequent  sightings
recently in Beijing, Shanghai and other cities that have had many witnesses,
even  the  media,  which  are  very  serious  and  careful,  have  been  paying
attention.’

Most of China’s UFO researchers are scientists and engineers, and many
UFO groups require a college degree and published research for membership.
The Beijing UFO Research Society includes many Communist Party cadres
or managers, and Air Force officials regularly attend important meetings. ‘If
our  conditions  for  membership  weren’t  so  strict  we’d  have  millions  of
members  by  now,’  explains  Sun.  Ironically,  a  country  renowned  for  its
repression of liberalism now leads the world in liberal academic discussion
relating to this controversial and multi-faceted subject. ‘In the US, scholars
investigating this are under pressure and have been derided,’ Sun points out.
‘But in China, the academic discussion is quite free, so in this area American
academics are quite jealous of us.’14

 

Figure 1. A 1992 US intelligence electrical message alluding to the UFO situation in China. (The first
reports of UFOs did not come from America, and ‘400,000 reports of sightings worldwide’ is an
underestimation.)
(Defense Intelligence Agency / Nicholas Redfern)

 

In  February  1971  Dr  Edgar  D.  Mitchell,  pilot  of  the  Apollo  14  lunar
module, became the sixth man to walk on the Moon. He has discussed the
UFO  subject  with  a  number  of  people  in  the  military  and  intelligence
community who have convinced him that the US Government has covered up
the  truth  about  UFOs  for  over  50  years.  He  wants  Congress  to  grant  his
sources immunity to reveal ‘the real story’ of events, such as that involving
the crash of a flying disc near Roswell, New Mexico, in July 1947. ‘Many of
these folks were under high-security clearances; they took oaths and they feel
they cannot talk without some form of immunity,’ said Mitchell in 1998. ‘It
takes a brave person to come out on something like this.’15

‘I am convinced there is a small body of valid [UFO] information, and that
there is a body of information ten times as big that is total disinformation put
out . . . to confuse the whole issue,’ Dr Mitchell told a reporter, Billy Cox, in
1996.

The dangerous part is, they’re still operating under a black budget, which has been estimated at over
$30 billion a year. And nobody knows what goes into black budgets. The prime requisite is security
first  and  everything  else  second.  Imagine  an  organization  that  has  a  black  budget,  an  unquestioned
source of funds, reports to no one, and has this exotic technology that they can keep to themselves and
play with. The information is now held primarily by a body of semi- or quasi-private organizations that
have kinda spun off from the military intelligence organizations of the past. Just like we build a rocket
through a private contractor, there have been private groups involved with this issue for a number of
years because they have the expertise.

Dr Mitchell stresses that he has no first-hand knowledge of the existence of
recovered  alien  artefacts  and  the  subject  of  UFOs  never  arose  during  his
Apollo-era  training.  ‘NASA  at  that  time  was  so  sure  there  were  no  such
things . . . I would say, however, that if there was knowledge of ET contact
existing within the government, and we were sent into space blind and dumb
to such information, I think it is a case of criminal culpability . . .’16

I share Dr Mitchell’s conviction that information about the alien situation
is  held  primarily  in  the  US  by  organizations  that  have  ‘spun  off  from  the
military  intelligence  organizations  of  the  past’,  operating  under  a  black
budget. In this book I reveal information supplied by my own sources which,
as suspected by COMETA, tends to confirm that certain American military
and  scientific  personnel  have  indeed  established  ‘privileged  contact’  with
extraterrestrials,  and  that  a  number  of  scientists  from  other  countries  have
been  recruited  in  an  ‘unearthly  alliance’.  As  Lord  Hill-Norton  confirms,  I
have  provided  him  in  confidence  with  the  names  and  backgrounds  of  a
number of my sources for these remarkable disclosures.

All manner of strange creatures associated with the alien phenomenon are
featured  in  Unearthly  Disclosure.  I  have  also  included  stories  involving
contact  with  quasi-human  beings.  Although  seemingly  ludicrous  in  many
respects and often involving confabulation, deception or delusion on the part
of  the  witnesses  and  disinformation  by  the  aliens,  it  is  my  contention  that
important elements of truth are contained in the stories I have selected.

Whatever  the  aliens’  agenda,  continuing  reports  of  abductions,  animal
mutilations, as well as stories of submarine and subterranean bases, described
herein,  reinforce  my  belief  that  our  planet  is  being  used  as  a  centre  of
clandestine operations by several alien species. We are told by astronomers
and  exobiologists  that  Earth  may  be  unique  in  this  particular  part  of  the
galactic neighbourhood. If this is the case, it should come as no surprise that
other  intelligent  beings  regard  our  planet  as  a  target  of  opportunity.  ‘Your
world  is  marvellous,’  Julio  Fernández  was  told  by  his  alien  abductors
(Chapter  7).  ‘Its  biological  richness  is  unbelievable.  There  are  very  few
worlds like it. It is a well-nigh inexhaustible mine of many of the things that
we need, and that we do not have . . .’

Unearthly Disclosure  is  dedicated  to  the  late  Bruce  Renton,  who  alerted
me to the remarkable story of Filiberto Caponi and his photographs showing
an  apparently  alien  creature  in  Italy.  Together  with  his  daughter,  Yasmin,
Bruce translated Caponi’s manuscript, which I edited for this book (Chapters
8–13).  Bruce  earned  a  first  in  Russian  and  Italian  at  St  Edmund’s  Hall,
Oxford, and went on to learn many other languages. He served in the British
Army  and  with  the  Secret  Intelligence  Service  (MI6)  during  the  Second
World  War,  before  becoming  a  correspondent  for  The  Times,  in  Italy.
Afterwards he wrote for the New Statesman and the Spectator, among others,
and became a venerated member of the Foreign Press Association in Rome.
His  colourful  career  included  a  period  as  manager  of  public  relations  for
British Airways in Italy and as a representative for official tourism in Asia,
Hong  Kong,  Macau  and  Thailand.  I  shall  never  forget  his  kindness  and
support.

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Press Release, National Institute of Discovery Science, Las Vegas, 7 June 1999.
2. Verbatim text, 42nd General Assembly of the United Nations, 21 September 1987.
3. COMETA, Les OVNI et la Défense: A quoi doit-on se préparer?, GS Presse-Communication, 79–83 rue Baudin, 92309 Levallois-Perret Cedex, Frence, July 1999.
4. Bourdais, Gildas, ‘Quasi-official French document looks at defense issues related to UFOs’, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 377, September 1999, pp. 10–13. 
Copyright 1999 by the Mutual UFO Network, 103 Oldtowne Road, Seguin, Texas 78155.
5. COMETA, op. cit., p. 55.
6. Bourdais, op. cit.
7. COMETA, p. 58.
8. Ibid., p. 57.
9. Sider, Jean, ‘A second view of the COMETA report’, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 377, September 1999, p. 13.
10. Greslé, Jean-Gabriel, The COMETA Report, December 1999.
11. Sawyer, Kathy, ‘Panel Urges Study of UFO Reports’, Washington Post, 29 June 1998.
12. ‘Physical Evidence Related to UFO Reports: The Proceedings of a Workshop Held at the Pocantico Conference Center, Tarrytown, New York, 29 September–4 October 1997’, Journal of Scientific Exploration, vol. 12, no. 2, 1998, pp. 179–229.
13. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp. 209–22.
14. Rosenthal, Elisabeth, ‘In UFOs, Beijing Finds an Otherworldly Interest It Can Live With’, New York Times Service, International Herald Tribune, London and Paris, 12 January 2000.
15. Rhodes, Tom, ‘Aliens exist – just ask the man on the moon’, Sunday Times, London, 11 October 1998.
16. Cox, Billy, ‘Apollo 14 astronaut searches for the truth’, Florida Today, 12 January 1996, as published in MUFON UFO Journal, no. 342, October 1996, p. 20. Copyright 1996 by the Mutual UFO Network. Dr Mitchell has confirmed to me the accuracy of his statements as quoted in this report.


===================================================================================
Chapter 1. A Source of Unknown Energy

It was shortly before dawn on 28 July 1962, when the captain of a 46-foot
chartered fishing boat spotted lights, low in the water, apparently stationary,
about six miles south-east of Avalon, Santa Catalina Island, 30 miles off the
coast  of  Long  Beach,  California.  Changing  course  towards  the  tip  of  San
Clemente  Island,  bringing  the  lights  to  dead  ahead,  the  captain  used  his
binoculars for a better look. A squat, lighted structure in which several men
were working could be seen. Another member of the fishing-boat crew joined
the captain and both continued to watch.

‘It appeared to be the stern of a submarine,’ stated the captain in his report
to Marvin Miles, aerospace editor of the Los Angeles Times. ‘We could see
five men, two in all-white garb, two in dark trousers and white shirts, and one
in a sky-blue jump-suit. We passed abeam at about a quarter-mile and I was
certain it was a submarine low in the water, steel gray, no markings, decks
almost awash, with only its tail and an odd aftstructure showing.’

When the submarine started towards their boat, the skipper turned hard to
keep clear as it swept past them at a surprising speed and, still on the surface,
headed for open sea. Although there was a ‘good-sized swell’, no noise could
be  heard  and  the  ‘submarine’  left  no  wake.  The  men  decided  to  report  the
incident to the US Navy. Detailed statements were taken, and the men were
shown  silhouettes  of  various  foreign  submarines.  Questioned  by  the  Los
Angeles  Times,  the  Navy  responded  that  there  was  ‘nothing  to  it’.1  The
submarine was assumed by the Times to be possibly of Soviet origin, yet the
absence of engine noise and wake, combined with the relatively high surface
speed, remains unexplained.

Unidentified submergible objects (USOs) have been reported for centuries.
What leads me to suspect that the Santa Catalina ‘submarine’ might not have
been of Soviet origin is that four days later another, similar craft was sighted,
this time in the Mediterranean Sea, as recounted in my previous book, Alien
Base.  On  1  August  1962  three  fishermen  observed  a  large,  metallic,
submarine-shaped object, with around a dozen ‘frogmen’ coming out of the
sea  and  climbing  aboard  it.  The  fishermen  believed  they  were  watching  a
submarine on manoeuvres, that is, until it rose silently about 20 metres out of
the water, hung stationary for a few minutes, then shot off horizontally in the
air at tremendous speed.2

These and many similar USO reports suggest that alien beings not only are
as capable of travelling in our oceans and lakes as they are in our atmosphere,
but that they have established permanent submarine bases on our planet.

COSTA RICA
On  the  morning  of  4  September  1971  four  members  of  the  National
Geographic  Institute  of  Costa  Rica  were  flying  in  a  twin-engined  aircraft
10,000  feet  above  Lake  Cote,  near  Arenal,  Arajuela  (10°35N,  84°55W),  to
take a series of cartographic photographs. A special automatic large-format
camera, fitted underneath the plane, took pictures at 20-second intervals. On
returning to the institute’s laboratory in San José, the team was astonished to
discover that one of the frames (no. 300) showed what looked like a metallic
disc,  which  appeared  as  though  it  had  just  left,  or  was  on  the  point  of
entering, the lake. It had not been seen from the aircraft.

Had it been at ground level the object (see here) would have been about 50
metres in diameter. It does not appear on photos 299 and 301. After analysing
the original negative, Jacques Vallée, the well-known author and researcher,
eliminated tricks of light as an explanation. Further studies by Dr Vallée, Dr
Richard  Haines,  François  Louange  and  C.  Perrin  de  Brichambaut  revealed
that  the  object  appears  to  be  self-luminescent  and  that  it  made  a  sudden
manoeuvre at the instant the photo was taken.3,4

According to the Costa Rican investigators, Carlos and Ricardo Vilchez,
there have been numerous reports of unknown submergible craft entering and
leaving Lake Cote, which is extremely deep. One morning at about 09.00 (no
date  given),  two  men  heard  a  metallic  noise  coming  from  the  lake  and  an
object, shaped like a submarine with three ‘domes’ on its top, emerged, hung
level  with  the  water  for  a  few  seconds,  then  suddenly  shot  off  towards  the
mountains to the north. Local fishermen, out on the lake in the small hours,
are  reported  to  have  seen  various  objects,  giving  off  coloured  lights,
submerged below them. Sometimes the movement of these objects caused the
men to lose their balance. The Vilchez brothers claim that these underwater
activities  led  to  a  reduction  in  the  fish  population,  to  the  concern  of  those
whose livelihood depended on it.5

USA
Also  associated  with  a  reduction  in  the  local  fish  population  is  a  unique
encounter with a USO reported in Pascagoula, Mississippi, on the night of 6
November 1973. Here follow extracts from the official Coast Guard report:

1.  2130S  TWO  LOCAL  FISHERMEN  REPORTED  IN  PERSON  TO  THIS  UNIT  THAT  THEY
WERE  FISHING  IN  APPROX.  POSITION  88–36W,  30–20N  WHEN  THEY  LOCATED  A
STRANGE  ILLUMINATING  OBJECT  WHICH  WAS  APPROX.  [IN]  4–6  FT  OF  WATER  AND
MOVING  AT  APPROX.  4–6  KTS  .  .  .  FISHERMEN  TRIED  TO  DETERMINE  WHAT  OBJECT
WAS BUT COULD NOT. THEY TRIED TO HIT IT WITH PADDLES AND OBJECT WOULD GO
OUT  AND  MOVE  TO  ANOTHER  POSITION  .  .  .  FISHERMEN  APPEARED  SOBER  AND
EXTREMELY CONCERNED ABOUT THE OBJECT.
2.  2140S  THIS  UNIT  DISPATCHED  CG  163519  WITH  BM  NATIONS  AND  BM3  CREWS
ABOARD TO INVESTIGATE. STATION PERSONNEL DID IN FACT LOCATE OBJECT, WHICH
HAD  AN  AMBER  BEAM  APPROX.  4–6  FT  IN  DIAMETER  AND  ATTACHED  TO  SOME
BRIGHT  METAL  OBJECT  MOVING  AT  4–6  KTS.  OBJECT  DID  IN  FACT  CEASE
ILLUMINATING, CHANGED TO A DIFFERENT COURSE AND RE-ILLUMINATE ITSELF . . .
OBJECT  TRAVELED  SEVERAL  COURSES  WHILE  ILLUMINATED.  STATION  PERSONNEL
COULD NOT IDENTIFY OBJECT AND [HAVE] NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT . . .


 

Figure 2. Two pages from a US Coast Guard report relating to sightings of an unidentified submergible
object (USO) witnessed by fishermen and coast guards in Pascagoula, Mississippi, November 1973.
(US Coast Guard)

 
When  the  coast  guards  themselves  had  located  the  USO,  they  too
attempted to deal with it by striking it with an oar. ‘The object again dimmed
and/or moved (at 4–6 knots),’ the Coast Guard report states, ‘and after 10–15
minutes extinguished and could not be relocated.’

Object travelled in SW direction, toward deeper water, and appeared to remain in or near a ‘gully’ on
the seafloor . . . Current during period of sightings was ‘negligible’; object moved in various directions,
though  primarily  to  SW  in  relatively  straight  course,  and  at  speeds  up  to  4–6  knots.  Object  did  not
consistently move when disturbed or passed over in boats.

Light  from  object  was  directed  toward  surface;  it  appeared  to  come  from  a  coherent  source
approximately  3"  in  diameter,  with  a  surface  intersection  circular  or  elliptical  in  shape  and
approximately 10' x 12' in size. Color was generally described as yellowish-amber, or with a light red
tint.  Intensity  varied  from  ‘almost  too  bright  to  look  right  at’  to  zero,  depending  on  amount  of
disturbance (brightest when first approached). When seen from the side, it was described as looking
like a parachute underwater.

Object felt metallic when struck, but could not be consistently struck. Portion of oar underwater was
not visible from surface when in light beam from object. Object ‘turned off’ when struck with beam
from  flashlight;  when  light  [was]  removed,  object  reilluminated  to  previous  intensity  in  about  1
minute . . . Phenomena observed were not consistent with any known fish or other marine life, nor with
flashlight, lantern, navaid, or other known light source.6

‘When  I  hit  it  with  my  oar,  it  felt  like  metal  and  when  the  Coast
Guardsman  took  my  oar  and  hit  it,  he  said  it  felt  like  metal,’  declared
Raymond Ryan, one of the fishermen. ‘It looked like a mini-submarine I once
saw on TV.’7

The  Coast  Guard  report  concludes:  ‘At  least  nine  persons  witnessed  an
undetermined light source between the hours of 1930 and 2200 on the night
of 6 November 1973, at two locations separated by approximately ½ mile . . .
The presence of the object was associated with a significant variation in the
fish catch in the area.’8 Interestingly, the USO was reported near the mouth
of  the  Pascagoula  river,  where  less  than  a  month  earlier  the  incredible
abduction  of  two  credible  fishermen,  Charles  Hickson  and  Calvin  Parker,
took place.9

PUERTO RICO
Much  of  my  research  in  the  1990s  has  focused  on  the  United  States
Commonwealth  of  Puerto  Rico,  where  so  many  sightings  of  unidentified
flying  and  submergible  objects,  as  well  as  encounters  with  a  variety  of
unearthly  beings,  have  been  reported  that  I  have  come  to  believe  in  the
existence there of an alien base.

José Orlando Golís, who works for the Puerto Rican government, lives in
Río Grande, close to El Yunque, the 28,000-acre Caribbean National Forest
in the north-eastern part of the island, a focal point for anomalous activity. In
1998  he  was  introduced  to  me  by  Jorge  Martín,  Puerto  Rico’s  leading
investigator. ‘Many people have seen UFOs flying over the water close to the
surface,’  Orlando  told  me.  ‘Once,  at  one  a.m.,  we  saw  one  with  many
coloured lights flying next to the sea just over the surface. At first we thought
it was a boat. It seemed to be dark underneath and had lights – mostly red and
blue – at another, upper level. Then it angled and moved upwards. It made a
humming sound, and seemed to head in the direction of El Yunque.’10

Felix  Rivera,  a  diver  with  an  underwater  salvage  and  maintenance
company  based  in  Ceiba,  near  the  US  Navy’s  Roosevelt  Roads  Naval  Air
Station,  which  adjoins  El  Yunque  on  the  east  coast,  confirmed  to  me  that
USOs  have  frequently  been  observed,  often  by  qualified  witnesses.  ‘Navy
SEALs  have  seen  USOs  here,’  he  revealed.  ‘Some  have  told  me  that  these
things will often come up close to boats, then shoot off. They move too fast
underwater to be ours.’11


Figure 3. Two pages from a Brazilian Air Force report describing UFO and USO sightings by witnesses
in north-east Brazil in 1977–8. Led by Lieutenant-Colonel Uyrange Hollanda, the Air Force
Intelligence team interviewed nearly 300 people. (Forca Aérea Brasileira)

 
Another focal point of activity in Puerto Rico is the south-west coast. In an
area known as Cayo Margarita, about 15 miles out in the Atlantic, many local
fishermen as well as commercial and private pilots have seen USOs entering
or emerging from the sea. ‘On one occasion,’ said Arístides Medina, ‘I was
fishing late at night near Cayo Margarita, and two of them passed under my
boat, radiating a blue light. On other occasions, I have seen them when they
emerge from the water and fly away at great speed, and I have also seen them
plunge into the water – always in the same area.’12

In  his  magazine  Evidencia  OVNI,  Jorge  Martín  relates  the  story  of
Inocencia  Cataquet,  who,  while  diving  in  the  coastal  area  of  Peña  Blancas
north-east Puerto Rico, encountered a disc-shaped craft lying on the seabed.
The craft appeared as though camouflaged with a sand-like material. Next to
it  lay  a  rectangular  object  with  a  transparent  cable  moving  around  in  the
water. Presumably in reaction to the diver’s presence, the cable retracted and
the  disc  emerged  from  the  water  with  a  loud  buzzing  sound  and  flew  off.
Cataquet later claimed to have encountered humanoid aliens who took him
aboard one of their ‘submarines’, supposedly shaped like a marine mammal,
‘which functioned using technology entirely based on the energy contained in
the water’.13

BRAZIL
During a wave of UFO sightings in north-east Brazil in 1977–8, Lieutenant-
Colonel Uyrange Hollanda, then a captain in the Intelligence Service of the
First  Air  Force  Command  (1  COMAR)  in  Belém,  was  sent  to  investigate
reports  in  Colares  and  other  areas.  Codenamed  Operação  Prato  (Operation
Plate),  the  investigations  lasted  four  months,  during  which,  together  with  a
team of intelligence agents (all sergeants), Hollanda interviewed nearly 300
people, including dozens who had been burned and temporarily paralysed by
beams of coloured light directed at them from the unknown objects.

On  numerous  occasions,  Hollanda  and  his  team  themselves  experienced
sightings, most involving distant objects – though sometimes close ones. One
night, in November 1977, near the village of Baía do Sol, north of Belém, a
structured  craft  hovered  about  100  metres  above  the  men.  The  incident
occurred  just  after  19.00.  ‘I  was  terrified,’  Hollanda  told  investigators  Bob
Pratt and Cynthia Luce, during an interview in 1997. ‘We never saw anything

approaching.  Suddenly  a  big  disc-shaped  object  30  meters  in  diameter  .  .  .
was hovering exactly above us!’

It made a noise like an air conditioner, and in the midst of that we could hear a sound like a bicycle
sprocket when you pedal backwards. It was emitting a yellow glow that would grow and dim, every
two or three seconds . . . about five times. As we watched we could see small yellow and orange lights
in  the  middle  of  it.  And  after  the  fifth  time,  the  lights  turned  light  blue,  dimmed  –  and  then  it
disappeared with incredible speed toward the sea.

Hollanda interviewed fishermen from Colares who had seen USOs going in
and  out  of  the  water  and  who,  like  the  fishermen  in  Puerto  Rico,  reported
seeing blue lights moving around underwater. ‘Several weeks later I saw a
light near a fishing boat,’ said Hollanda. ‘The light was blue. It circled the
boat once or twice about 300 meters away and then it dived into the water . . .
I  saw  it.  It  really  happened.’  The  fishermen  told  Hollanda  that  the  object
‘made no sound, like a blade going into water’. Another crew of fishermen
reported  seeing  a  blue  light  underwater,  which  circled  their  boat,  then
emerged from the water.

Hollanda’s team took several hundred photos of UFOs. At first, the photos
showed  little  detail  but,  with  the  use  of  special  filters  and  ultraviolet  and
infrared film, eight different-shaped objects were discerned:

The first was a disc with windows. The second was rectangular, like a barrel on its side. The third was
trapezoid,  or  like  a  pyramid  with  its  top  cut  off.  The  fourth  was  like  [the  fuselage  of]  a  Boeing
(jetliner). The fifth was triangular or like an arrowhead. They flew very high in the sky [and] were also
seen leaving the water. The sixth was domed. The seventh was pointed on the top and bottom and was
black on top and white on the bottom. The eighth was like a ball with three sticks coming out the back,
with lights on the sticks.

On one occasion a ninth shape, a ‘huge mother ship’, was seen by Hollanda
and his men, near Baía do Sol.

It was maybe 100 meters long with windows in it . . . And little ones (flying saucers) would come out
of it and later go back in, three, four, five, six sometimes. We photographed this several nights.14

One  of  the  experts  we  used  said  the  cylinder  looked  like  a  200-litre  oil  drum.  We  concluded  the
object was reacting to our pictures. They seemed to know what we were doing, possibly looking for us.
When we least expected it, there they were – right above us. And something else – shortly after we
began seeing these things, our eyesight started to deteriorate, slowly at first. We ended up, most of us,
having to wear glasses.15

Encounters  with  humanoid  occupants  were  also  investigated  by  the
Brazilian Air Force intelligence specialists. Although most reports described
beings of about one and a half metres in height, in two cases the beings were
taller. A pilot known to Hollanda, driving near Colares one night, saw a disc
land behind trees. ‘He was alone on the road, it was completely dark, and he
became frightened,’ said Hollanda. ‘Then he saw a man walking toward him.
The stranger was tall and had blond hair. He walked close to the car, looked
at the driver, and looked into his eyes. The driver started to cry and the tall
man  shook  his  head,  glanced  at  the  license  plate,  turned,  and  walked  back
into the forest. Then the disc took off.’

Regarding the numerous cases involving witnesses paralysed and burned
by the flying objects – called chupachupas by the locals, who believed they
sucked blood from their victims – Hollanda said he was convinced that blood
samples were somehow being withdrawn via a beam of red light. ‘First came
a green light that would hit the person and paralyze them, then the green light
would turn off and a red ray of light would hit, burning them,’ he explained.
‘They were not attacking people. They were collecting material.’ Although at
least  two  people  died  in  Colares  after  being  burned  by  the  rays,  those
particular  cases  did  not  come 
to  Hollanda’s  attention  during  his
investigations.16 ‘Hollanda told Cynthia and me in 1997 that people in all of
the 30 villages in the flap area were burned by rays of lights from UFOs, not
just  in  Colares  as  previously  had  been  believed,’  Bob  Pratt  pointed  out  to
me.17

‘We had reports of mostly women being struck by some kind of ray from
these lights in the sky, usually leaving marks of two punctures in the middle
of a dark red blotch on their breasts,’ Hollanda explained to investigators A.
J. Gevaerd and M. A. Petit.

Sometimes men had similar marks on their arms and legs. The ratio was about four women to one man
affected.

Once  we  interviewed  one  woman  who  had  been  sitting  at  home,  singing  her  baby  to  sleep  when
suddenly the temperature went up sharply. She looked up at the roof and it turned red. Then it became
transparent and the woman could see stars through the roof. It was as though it had turned to glass. She
saw a bright green light in the sky, felt drowsy and then suddenly a red ray hit her on her left breast.
Like the others who told us their stories, the woman seemed genuine and I felt she was telling the truth.
We kept the authorities informed at every step. The government sent medical experts to examine the
people we had spoken to and they monitored them and the places involved, but that’s all. They couldn’t
do anything else.18

All  reports  on  these  investigations  were  sent  to  the  Brazilian  Air  Force
headquarters in Brasilia. Operação Prato was classified. ‘You were forbidden
to speak about this when you were in the Air Force, as an officer,’ said Bob
Pratt to Hollanda. ‘What were the specific orders about not speaking?’
‘Well, I had obligations, military obligations,’ replied Hollanda. ‘I was in a
classified mission. Not secret missions – [but] classified. And the Brazilian
government and the Air Force were not interested in publicizing the subject
because three questions often were made to the government and Air Force:
Who are they? Where do they come from? What do they want? And the Air
Force did not have any answer to the three questions.’
‘They didn’t know?’
‘I believe only the Americans are advanced. Russians, I don’t know. But
the Brazilian Air Force cannot answer.’
‘But did your commander ever specifically say: “You cannot speak about these things . . . in public?”’
‘Yes.’19

On 2 October 1997, less than two months after giving the above interview,
Lieutenant-Colonel  Uyrange  Hollanda  was  found  hanged  in  his  home.
Although  some  believe  he  died  in  suspicious  circumstances,  Bob  Pratt
assures me that all the evidence points to suicide.20 Hollanda was 57 years
old. For many years, he had obeyed orders not to reveal publicly what he had
learned as a result of Operação Prato. But by 1996 he no longer felt under
that  obligation.  ‘Thus,  he  began  to  speak  out,’  report  Bob  and  Cynthia,
‘giving  interviews  to  magazine  and  television  reporters,  revealing  with  his
first-hand testimony what governments around the world deny . . .’21

THE ARCTIC
Numerous sightings of USOs have been reported by personnel of the former
Soviet Navy and other seamen. Paul Stonehill, a Ukrainian-born US citizen,
author of The Soviet UFO Files, has learned that veteran officers of nuclear-
powered  submarines  at  Soviet  naval  bases  and  installations  in  the  northern
Arctic  Ocean  revealed,  during  formal  lectures,  that  incidents  had  occurred
when  submarine  sonar  operators  tracked  unidentified  submarines  that
appeared to be pursuing them. ‘The pursuers changed their speeds at will –
speeds that were much, much faster than the capabilities of any submarines in
our world at that date,’ reports Stonehill.22

In  December  1977,  in  the  vicinity  of  Novy  Georgy  Island  in  the  Arctic
Ocean, the crew of the Soviet fishing trawler Vasiliy Kiselev reported a USO
take-off  from  the  water.  Rising  vertically  from  out  of  the  sea  came  a
doughnut-shaped object, the diameter of which they guessed at between 1000
and 1600 feet, claims Stonehill. ‘It hovered at an altitude of three miles. The
trawler’s  radar  was  immediately  rendered  inoperative.  The  object  hovered
over the area for three hours, and then disappeared instantly.’23

ANTARCTICA BASE
Antarctica, the most remote continent on Earth, is unpopulated except for a
few hundred international scientists and support staffs engaged in a variety of
experiments.  Rubens  Junqueira  Villela  is  a  Brazilian  meteorologist  and
explorer, the veteran of 12 expeditions to Antarctica: two with the US Navy,
nine with the Brazilian Antarctic Programme (the most recent in early 2000)
and another on the sailing ship Rapa Nui. ‘As far as UFOs are concerned,’
writes  Villela,  ‘Antarctica  is  no  exception  to  anywhere  else  in  the  world.
UFO  sightings  have  been  reported  and  even  abduction  attempts  have
allegedly been made. In some respects, however, events in this barren land
are somewhat different.’

Many of the incidents are reported by highly qualified people, who work in observatories and scientific
facilities  equipped  with  some  of  the  most  advanced  scientific  resources  available  for  detecting
geophysical  phenomena  .  .  .  Furthermore,  I  have  had  access  to  UFO  reports  from  other  nations’
Antarctic programmes, which are unknown to the public. These reports suggest the phenomenon is very
real.

Villela himself had a sighting during his first trip to Antarctica. ‘I was aboard
the US Navy icebreaker Glacier, which had set sail from New Zealand at the
end of January in 1961. Our principal objective was to explore an unknown
territory  on  Antarctica,  and  the  Eights  Coast  (south  of  the  Bellingshausen
Sea).’  On  16  March,  while  collecting  samples  on  the  seabed,  between  the
peninsula  and  the  South  Shetland  Islands,  Glacier  was  struck  by  a  fierce
storm, forcing it to retreat to Admiralty Bay in the King George Islands.

I noticed we were inside Martel Inlet . . . Around me, from mountains which towered 600 metres, the
ice  was  melting  and  crashing  noisily  into  the  sea.  Nearby,  US  Navy  sailors  were  busy  assembling
spotlights on the boat, for it was necessary to keep a vigilant eye on the ice blocks which could change
the anchorage of our vessel.

It was at this point that the most astonishing experience of the entire expedition occurred. A strange
light  suddenly  crossed  the  sky,  and  everyone  started  to  shout.  The  excitement  was  widespread  and
growing. Trying to describe the light which appeared over Admiralty Bay wasn’t easy, for many of us
were  lost  for  words.  I  wrote  in  my  diary:  ‘.  .  .  the  colours,  the  configuration  and  contours  of  the
object . . . with geometric forms, did not seem to be from this world, and I did not know what could
possibly reproduce it’.

The  object  was  multi-coloured  and  had  a  luminous  body  –  oval-shaped.  It  left  a  long  tube-like
orange/red trail. Suddenly, it split into two equal pieces, as if it had exploded. Each part shone even
more intensively, with white, blue and red colours projecting ‘V’-shaped rays behind it. Quite quickly
they  moved  away,  and  could  be  seen  around  200  metres  above  the  ground.  Before  the  object  had
divided, I would estimate its size to that of a fist at arm’s length. Throughout the sighting no noise was
heard  by  any  of  the  witnesses.  The  light  moved  horizontally  and  slowly,  around  80  k.p.h.,  from
northeast to southwest. It had possibly originated from behind the mountains on the other side of the
island.

The sighting was registered officially by the US Navy as ‘a meteor or some
other natural luminous phenomenon’, the ‘explosion’ used to substantiate the
meteor theory. Villela was not convinced. How, he wondered, could a meteor
be  confused  with  an  object  carrying  what  seemed  like  ‘antennae’,
‘completely  symmetrical  and  followed  by  a  tail,  without  any  sign  of
atmospheric turbulence’?

As  a  meteorologist,  the  evidence  didn’t  support  such  a  theory,  even  allowing  for  the  fact  that  many
strange optical and luminous phenomena, including mirages, auroras, etc., can be seen on Antarctica.
Similarly, I had already accumulated practical experience in the observation of artificial satellites  in
Brazil, and participated at a secret conference relating to UFOs in 1958.24

Villela has enjoyed a varied career. In 1952, while attending the University
of  Maryland  as  an  engineering  student,  he  was  invited  to  work  for  the  US
government’s Foreign Broadcast Information Service (FBIS). ‘It was the best
job I ever had,’ he told me. ‘At the time, FBIS had been transferred to CIA.
The monitoring station was located in an “antenna farm” at Indian Head, by
the  Potomac  river,  south  of  Washington,  DC.’  Before  joining  CIA,  Villela
independently specialized in Soviet air communications, ‘trying to break their
secret  codes  for  identifying  locations’.  At  CIA  he  monitored  signals  from
Guatemala  during 
the  CIA-backed  anti-communist  revolution  which
overthrew  Colonel  Jacobo  Arbenz  Guzman,  drawing  praise  from  Allen  W.
Dulles, then CIA Director. Feeling that his life’s dream lay in Antarctica and
disillusioned  by  the  suffering  that  the  revolution  brought  to  Guatemala,
Villela turned down a promising career in the CIA and, in 1955, transferred
to  Florida  State  University  to  complete  his  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in
meteorology.25  Currently,  he  is  a  professor  with  the  Department  of
Atmospheric Sciences of the Astronomical and Geophysical Institute at the
University of São Paulo.

While attending a training course at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center,
Greenbelt,  Maryland,  between  October  1962  and  June  1963,  Villela  was
asked by a scientific colleague to submit a report on his Antarctica sighting to
the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), then
headed  by  the  late  Major  Donald  E.  Keyhoe.  In  1968,  in  Paris,  Villela
participated  in  a  ‘closed-doors’  meeting  with  other  scientists  to  discuss  the
UFO subject, the ‘Invisible College’ so called by the French researcher Aimé
Michel.

Villela had further UFO sightings, mostly in Brazil. For a number of years
he belonged to the now defunct Associação de Pesquisas Exologicas (APEX),
a  research  team  which  included  two  distinguished  pioneers,  Dr  Max
Berezowski  and  Professor  Flávio  Pereira,  then  President  of  the  Brazilian
Institute of Aeronautics and Space Sciences.26 On several research trips craft
appeared  before  the  team.  The  first  sighting  was  ‘arranged’  via  Eromar
Gomes,  who  claimed  to  be  in  communication  with  the  craft’s  occupants,
Villela explained to  me. Gomes, an individual  with 
‘special neurophysiological  features’  allegedly  adapted  by  the  aliens,  was  placed
under  hypnosis  by  Dr  Berezowski.  ‘The  subject  is  not  under  terrestrial
hypnosis,’ the entities communicated, ‘he is under a cataleptic state induced
by us.’

‘A  field  experiment  was  proposed,’  said  Villela.  ‘We  were  to  meet
somebody who was also an ET contactee in Limeira, a city about 100 miles
north of São Paulo, on the night of 18 November 1978.’ Two objects were
seen, the second of which impressed Villela. ‘When I first saw this second
craft,’ he told me, ‘I really got a jolt: a beautiful coloured prismatic object
turning around its own axis . . . the ETs seemed to read your mind, answering
questions even before you finished asking.’

Another impressive event, also witnessed by others, occurred in Itanhandu,
a  small  city  in  the  southern  part  of  Minas  Gerais  state,  on  the  night  of  21
April 1996, as Villela disclosed to me.

We  had  seen  small  moving  lights  (‘sondes’)  and  two  small  craft  flying  together.  The  ETs  said  they
would  give  a  demonstration  of  their  weapons,  by  shooting  down  a  ‘rival’s’  observation  device,
hovering in the sky. The object blew up silently, growing from a star-like point to a larger, tear-drop
shape  .  .  .  The  ETs  said  it  had  been  disintegrated  before  it  hit  the  ground  so  as  not  to  disturb  the
neighbourhood, and it emitted only a high frequency sound.27

This  reads  like  something  out  of  Star  Wars.  Villela,  though,  is  a  cautious
scientist  and,  as  a  meteorologist  (and  pilot,  incidentally),  he  is  unlikely  to
have confused what he saw with anything conventional. He tells me that he
has  witnessed  other,  similar  ‘acts  of  aggression’.  If  true,  a  conflict  of
interests, on the part of those here from elsewhere, is implied.

The  occupants  apparently  told  me  about  their  presence  in  Antarctica,  and,  to  obtain  my  trust,  they
supplied information about NASA’s space programme and created atmospheric effects in the sky . . .
even though it was a bright clear night. I have to say I accepted the contacts as something quite normal,
[like] some kind of radio communication.

In one of the ‘conversations’ made through our contactee acting as a link, they told us that they do
indeed  have  a  base  in  Antarctica,  ‘in  a  gulf  occupied  by  many  nations’.  They  are  apparently  ‘self-
adapting beings, who could survive in any part of the world’, be it in the desert, our oceans, or the
frozen regions of Antarctica. In a further amazing communication, they informed me that they required
our  water  as  a  ‘source  of  energy’  in  a  form  still  unknown  to  us.  This  was  apparently  drawn  from
Artesian wells in the Antarctic . . .28

In response to my questions, it is interesting to recall that ‘my’ ETs said that it might be a good idea
to  establish  open  contact  with  earthlings  under  controlled  conditions  in  Antarctica.  But  precautions
would be needed on both sides. For instance, no [aircraft] weighing under 20,000 kilos should fly over
the alien base as it might be attracted by their force field . . .29

‘After  my  first  UFO  sighting  in  Antarctica,  followed  by  some  incredible
experiences,  my  perception  of  life  has  changed,’  declares  Rubens  Villela.
‘Today, I accept the UFO phenomenon as factual. The existence of life in the
universe is not a belief many of my colleagues share. But as we approach the
new  millennium,  astronomers  and  journalists  will  probably  feel  very
frustrated; the astronomers for ignoring the existence of other life forms, the
journalists for having missed the greatest news story of the century . . .’30

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Los Angeles Times, 25 October 1962, cited in Lorenzen, Jim and Coral, UFOs Over the Americas, Signet Books, New York, 1968, pp. 51–2.
2. Good, Timothy, Alien Base: Earth’s Encounters with Extraterrestrials, Century, London, 1998, pp. 229–30.
3. Les OVNI et la Défense, COMETA, GS. Presse-Communication, July 1999, p. 43.
4. Contacto OVNI, Mexico, no. 55, February 1998, pp. 2–5, translated by Margaret Barling.
5. Ibid., pp. 6–7.
6. US Government Memorandum, Naval Ship Research and Development Laboratory, Panama City, Florida, 12 November 1973.
7. ‘Pascagoula Fisherman Says USO Not Fish’, Mobile Press, Alabama, 9 November 1973.
8. US Government Memorandum, 12 November 1973.
9. For a comprehensive account, see Blum, Ralph and Judy, Beyond Earth: Man’s Contact with UFOs, Corgi, 1974.
10. Interview, Rio Grande, Puerto Rico, 11 April 1998.
11. Interview, Ceiba, Puerto Rico, 12 January 1999.
12. Martín, Jorge, ‘US Jets Abducted by UFOs in Puerto Rico’, The UFO Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1990, p. 201.
13. Martín, Jorge, ‘Blond Aliens on El Yunque’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 16, 1998, p. 6, translated by Margaret Barling.
14. Pratt, Bob and Luce, Cynthia, ‘Former Brazilian intelligence officer relates experiences’, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 372, April 1999, pp. 3-8. Copyright 1999 by the Mutual UFO Network.
15. ‘Operation Prato’, UFO Magazine, May–June 1998, pp. 27–8.
16. Pratt and Luce, op. cit.
17. Letter to the author, 25 September 1999.
18. ‘Operation Prato’, op. cit.
19. Extract from interview with Hollanda by Pratt and Luce, supplied to the author.
20. Letter to the author, 21 December 1999.
21. Pratt and Luce, op. cit.
22. Stonehill, Paul, ‘UFOs in the Soviet Waters’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 44, no. 1, 1999, pp. 13–15, 19.
23. Stonehill, Paul, The Soviet UFO Files: Paranormal Encounters Behind the Iron Curtain, Quadrillion Publishing Ltd, Godalming, Surrey, and Quadrillion Publishing Inc., New York, 1998, p. 73.
24. Villela, Rubens Junqueira, ‘UFOs in Antarctica’, UFO Magazine (UK), November–December 1998, pp. 10–13. Translated by Ricky Seraphico from ‘Discos Voadores na Antarctica’, Revista UFO Brasil, May 1998. Villela has corrected some translation errors in this article and added a few details.
25. Letter to the author, 5 November 1999.
26. Villela, op. cit.
27. Letter to the author, 14 October 1999.
28. Villela, op. cit.
29. Letter to the author, 5 November 1999.
30. Villela, op. cit.


=====================================================================================
Chapter 2. Displacements

For  many  years  Graham  Sheppard,  an  airline  pilot,  has  been  my  principal
research associate. Before we met, in 1990, he had written to me describing
his  radar-confirmed  sightings  of  UFOs  observed  from  the  flight  deck  of
Vanguard airliners in 1967. As pointed out in my book Beyond Top Secret, it
is due in no small part to Graham that the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA)
now takes pilot sighting reports more seriously than once it did, particularly
those  involving  ‘near  misses’:  in  1995  he  briefed  the  CAA’s  Joint  Airmiss
Working  Group,  advising  that  ‘the  commercial  sensibilities  of  the  airlines
should  now  be  set  aside  along  with  the  media’s  inability  to  give  serious
treatment  to  the  subject.  Otherwise  this  discrete  and  notifiable  hazard  to
aircraft safety will continue to be concealed and gratuitously omitted from the
briefing syllabus.’1

In August 1966 Graham graduated as a qualified commercial pilot at the
then British European Airways (BEA)/British Overseas Airways Corporation
College of Air Training at Hamble, Southampton, to fly as First Officer on
the  Vickers  Vanguard  airliner.  (Coincidentally,  Graham  had  been  First
Officer on a Vanguard chartered by the London Symphony Orchestra, with
whom  I  played  for  14  years,  on  our  return  to  London  from  Budapest,
following a series of concerts in Europe in September 1970.) ‘In the aviation
world,’ Graham explains, ‘Hamble was renowned for the rigour and quality
of  the  training,  not  least  in  the  now  endangered  art  of  dead  reckoning
navigation,  a  skill  that  was  taught  by  veteran  original  aviators.  The
fundamentals of this art are aid-free and call on discipline, common sense and
awareness, embedded as instinctual by those determined flying instructors at
the start of my career.’

Graham flew with BEA as co-pilot on the Vickers Vanguard Merchantman
(the cargo variant of the Vanguard), the BAC 1-11 jet airliner, then took a
two-year sabbatical in Africa in the mid-1970s, first with the Zambia Flying
Doctor  Service  (ZFDS)  out  of  Ndola,  then  with  Air  Malawi  flying  the

Islander  on  domestic  routes  and  the  BAC  1-11  475  as  co-pilot  on  the
international  network.  ‘Bush-flying  with  the  ZFDS  refreshed  and  refined
those old dead reckoning skills to a high degree, based entirely on the quality
training imparted at Hamble,’ he explained to me. ‘In 1979 the now merged
British  Airways  [BA]  moved  me  to  the  left  seat  as  Captain  of  the  Vickers
Viscount, followed over the remainder of my time with BA by command of
Boeing 737, Boeing 747 Jumbo, Boeing 757 and 767, ending in December
1994 on the Airbus A320. “Retirement” has included a year’s contract flying
the  Boeing  767  for  Alitalia,  and  a  year  on  Boeing  747  Classic  for  Cathay
Pacific Cargo.’

Graham  and  I  have  conducted  a  great  deal  of  research  in  Puerto  Rico,
where alien-related phenomena are widespread, and it is to Puerto Rico that
we now turn our attention for the most bewildering experience in Graham’s
entire  flying  career.  Although  nothing  unusual  was  seen  during  the
experience, we both have no doubt that what occurred is indeed related to the
alien phenomenon.

UNSCHEDULED DISPLACEMENT
In March 1993 Graham was employed by British Airways, current in all the
normal flying licence requirements. Just prior to visiting Puerto Rico he had
flown  a  B767  to  Paris  and  back  to  London,  a  routine  duty.  ‘Up  to  and
including the trip to the Caribbean my health was excellent,’ he emphasizes.

On  1  March  1993  I  completed  the  routine  pre-rental  checkride  with  one  of  the  resident  flying
instructors at Caribe Aviation, San Juan Isla Grande Airport, Puerto Rico [see here]. The weather was
fine and sunny, a light northerly breeze enabling a rapid 50-minute completion of the required stalls,
steep turns, circuits and landings.

The following day, 2 March, at 0905 local time, I taxied out in a Cessna 172, registration N92256, to
depart on a cross-island route that was to be coastal tracking west to the town of Arecibo, thence south
to  the  famous  radio  telescope  of  the  same  name,  10  to  15  minutes  over  the  site  photographing  the
telescope and environs, then direct track to Mayagüez airport on the west coast to land for a break.

The flight went exactly as planned, the weather improving rapidly from overnight rain, a northerly
breeze at 2000 feet easily assimilated in initial tracking and certainly borne in mind for the track from
the telescope to Mayagüez. Once over the site, the cloud was a little lower than expected, but the light
and  altitude  were  good  enough  for  well  lit  perspectives  of  the  telescope,  using  a  Panasonic  NVS-7
video camera.

Having completed the filming within the planned time, I set course for Mayagüez airport, climbing to
an altitude of 2200 feet on the pressure altimeter. This apparently random height was a compromise
between the terrain and the cloud base, i.e., any higher, say to 2500 feet, would have seen me in and out
of cloud, losing sight of the ground and, possibly, other aircraft. As I was still using the video camera
from time to time, this altitude of 2200 feet, crucially important as it happened, is clearly recorded on
the film of the trip.

In general terms, the airport of Mayagüez is 25 miles west of the telescope. Strictly, the true bearing
of Mayagüez from Arecibo is 250 degrees. This is measured using a standard protractor on a Lambert
Conformal Conic Projection, the true orientation being provided by a superimposed grid. By simply
applying the 360-degree protractor to the track line, the direction of the track relative to true North can
be seen. As any compass orientates to the magnetic lines of force around the planet, the true direction
has to be converted to a magnetic direction, given that the primary direction indicator on the aeroplane
is the E2 compass.

The arithmetic difference between true direction and magnetic direction at any point on the earth’s
surface is known as ‘variation’, and this figure, plus for westerly variation, minus for easterly variation,
is  applied  to  the  chart-measured  true  direction.  In  this  case,  in  early  1993,  the  magnetic  variation  is
shown on the chart as 11 degrees West. This figure is added to the true track to give 261 degrees, i.e.,
the heading required in still air to make good the track from Arecibo to Mayagüez. By flying a heading
on the compass of a little north of that westerly track to allow for the north wind, i.e., 270 degrees, one
should arrive very close to destination; in fact, by steering a little more into the wind, the airport should
appear on the left-hand side of the aeroplane. This is known as gross error technique, that is, by making
a large and deliberate correction for wind drift, then any major line feature such as a coast or railway
line that is across-track can be followed unambiguously to the destination point. There’s nothing worse
than to arrive over such a feature and be uncertain whether to turn left or right!

The distance of 25 miles divided by the estimated ground speed of 90 knots (nautical mph) or 1.5
miles per minute, gives a time of 17 minutes. It seemed reasonable to expect that steering roughly west
for a quarter of an hour would see me easily in sight of Mayagüez airport. But the reality was totally
unexpected.

Lateral Displacement
I set course, as planned, from Arecibo telescope towards Mayagüez, settling down at a film-recorded
altitude of 2200 feet, steering 270 degrees on the gyro compass, also clearly shown on the video film. I
was certain that, given the perceived wind strength and direction at that altitude, my heading of 270
would bring me to the coast a few miles to the north of Mayagüez airport, thus facilitating entry to a
left-hand circuit for landing on the east-facing runway.

Some  five  minutes  or  more  after  leaving  the  telescope,  happily  cruising  and  filming,  a  feeling  of
unease  and  growing  confusion  came  over  me,  particularly  in  relation  to  my  position,  temporarily
uncertain to say the least. However, I knew without doubt that by maintaining my heading of 270, the
track would easily resolve itself in the 25 miles to the coast. I was also aware that the north wind was
less than earlier and that this gave me a greater ‘gross error’ margin for the predicted position of the
airport to my left. Over such a short distance, my estimated time of arrival would be little affected.

Minutes went by with no positive idea of my position, but I was confident that the major coastline
feature, at right angles to my track, would soon appear. Once there, a left turn would quickly bring me
into the Mayagüez circuit area. Even so, the underlying unease persisted.

I recall the shock of seeing the coastline, not at right angles to my track, but parallel. In other words,
the coast that I was now flying along was totally wrong and unexpected. The E-W North coast of the
island was out of the question since the wind was from the north and I had been steering west, and there
was sea on my left side. Could it then be a headland on the west coast, and I was tracking the south part
of that headland? Within seconds it became alarmingly clear that I was flying along the south coast,
was  past  Guánica  and  could  clearly  see  the  south-west  tip  of  the  island  at  Cabo  Rojo  in  the  near
distance.  Worst  was  the  realisation  that  I  was  about  to  infringe  Restricted  Area  R-7105,  the  US  Air
Force Tethered Aerostat (balloon) Radar Site at Parguera. The navigation error here is enormous and,
as will be seen, should be impossible.

In stark terms, there was an unscheduled lateral displacement which was so bizarre that I was able to
rationalize it with the comment in my flying log book: ‘Arecibo telescope – nav error/mishap!!!’

Several  years  went  by  before  Tim  Good  and  I  revisited  and  reflew  the  same  track,  at  the  same
altitudes and in the very same aeroplane, N92256. What we found was, and remains, a disturbing and
unsettling probability.

First Re-run
On 24 October 1998 Tim and I departed Isla Grande Airport, Puerto Rico, at 1125 local time, to fly
exactly as the flight planned on that day in March 1993. In fine weather, with similar northerly wind,
our achieved schedule was as follows:

Taxi 	       1125
Take Off       1133
Arecibo Town   1157
Arr. Telescope 1203
Dep. Telescope 1210
Land Mayagüez  1228
Engine off     1230



The  time  from  Arecibo  telescope  to  landing  at  Mayagüez  is  18  minutes,  which  means  that  time  to
abeam the airfield in the circuit would have been 15–16 minutes. On this particular day, fine and clear,
we could see the west coast of the island five minutes after departing the telescope, and the airport at
Mayagüez shortly after – a matter of minutes. This is a very short 25-mile leg, and even in the cloudy
conditions of 2 March 1993, should have presented absolutely no difficulty. On this revisit, the ease
and rapidity of the sector reinforced the absurdity of my previous experience.

This re-run of my ill-fated flight served only to underline the probability that something abnormal
had occurred; that this was not prolonged inattention, a deliberate and dangerous exposure to the cloud-
shrouded Cordillera Central, or imagination. There was one important and unresolved question to be
addressed before I could declare, with 100 per cent certainty, that I was not directly responsible for the
navigation error. Would it have been possible for me, maintaining an altitude of 2200 feet, to fly due
south from my planned track (Arecibo telescope to Mayagüez) to the Guánica area without hitting high
ground? To answer this, we had to wait another three months before Tim and I again hired Cessna 172,
N92256, to fly the alternative possibility.

Second Re-run
On Thursday, 21 January 1999, we departed Isla Grande Airport at 1040 local time. Again, we flew the
same track, Arecibo town, south to the telescope, climbing to 2000 feet as we progressed inland. This
time, instead of pausing overhead the telescope we carried on tracking southwest towards the obvious
barrier  of  the  Cordillera  Central.  The  US  Sectional  Chart,  Puerto  Rico–Virgin  Islands,  shows  spot
heights along this feature of up to 3900 feet, with the 3000-foot contour an indisputable factor in the
track segment that I would have had to have flown through, given my start and finish points. There is
no doubt that to maintain cloud and terrain clearance on the day in question, I would have been obliged
to turn back away from the Cordillera. Somehow, I had arrived over the south coast having traversed
the hills without hitting anything!

So, on this January day, as we passed Adjuntas airfield, 2340 feet, it became obvious that to cross the
Cordillera at any point, we would have to climb to at least 3000 feet. In the event, we made 3400 feet to
skim over a col near the town of Castaner, peaks on either side, and were immediately on the southern
slopes to the plain between Ponce and Guánica. Landing later at Mayagüez, removal of any lingering
suspicion that I may have deliberately or unwittingly flown that dangerous track only served to deepen
my unease over the incident.

The Radar Factor
Civilian  radar  takes  an  interest  in  aircraft  flying  in  controlled  airspace  in  a  well-defined  boundary
surrounding San Juan and Isla Grande airports. In that environment, you have to be identifiable and in
two-way communication. Once outside that boundary of controlled airspace (vertical delineation) you
can opt for Radar Advisory Information. I generally opt for it so I know what other aircraft are around.
Within that controlled airspace (vertical delineation) it is mandatory to use a transponder (Secondary
Surveillance  Radar)  which  gives  the  radar  controller  altitude  and  position  information,  and  in  some
cases,  speed.  Once  outside  the  controlled  airspace  –  in  this  case  about  five  miles  to  the  west  of  the
airport – one enters a Radar Advisory Environment. At low level, further to the west, as in the Arecibo
area, it’s probable that the radar controller would lose returns therefore would take no further interest. I
have no way of knowing to what extent military radars, which may have unknown capabilities, might
take an interest. In theory, someone, somewhere, could have been aware of my displacement, but the
chances of me ever knowing it are zero.

The Meteorological Record
There is one final aspect which has been examined in some detail, and that is the meteorological record
for that day, 2 March 1993. There was just a chance that an unseasonal freak wind had been blowing at
2000  feet  that  would  explain  the  60-degree  track  error.  Notwithstanding  the  complete  absence  of
turbulence associated with high winds, I needed to find evidence of a minimum of 70 knots cross-track
component, i.e. a storm-force northerly wind, given that my deviation started at the point of departing
Arecibo telescope. From points further west along my planned track to Mayagüez, the north component
would have to have been such as to blow me sideways at 90 knots with no forward progress at all. To
answer  this  question,  I  obtained  from  the  excellent  National  Climatic  Data  Center,  Asheville,  North
Carolina, the following:

‘Radiosonde balloon data. 02 March 1993. Time 8am local. Height 726 meters, 2380 feet. Wind 005
degrees (Northerly) at 10 knots.’

This shows just what I found in practice, that the cruise level wind was light from the North. The
surface actual weather for San Juan at 0850 local time, 15 minutes before my take off, was: Wind North
5 knots; Cloud scattered at 2000 feet; Visibility 8 miles; Temp. 76 Fahrenheit – a nice day for flying.
The surface actual weather for Mayagüez at 1050 local time, as I landed there was: Wind N. East 10
knots; Cloud broken at 3000 feet; Visibility 10 miles; Temp. 81 Fahrenheit. How was it possible to
become disorientated in such weather?

Summary
To summarise the main points:
1.  An inexplicable lateral displacement affected a routine, simple navigation exercise.
2.  The weather/wind conditions could not have been a factor.
3.  Terrain considerations make the apparent achieved track unlikely if not impossible.
4.  Video film confirms flight parameters, altitude and heading, cloud base, start position at
Arecibo telescope and end position on the south coast.
5.  Promulgated  magnetic  anomaly  warnings  ‘up  to  9  degrees  at  ground  level’  could  not
account for the track error.
6.  Aircraft  instruments  appeared  normal  at  all  times,  updating  of  gyro  compass  with  E2
magnetic compass routine practice, and was only needed on the ground.

Such  unplanned  displacements  are  relatively  common  in  automobiles,  and  have  certainly  been
reported in the past by aviators, so the experience is not unique – only weird and unwelcome. To have
revisited the happening in such detail, to confront the possibility of manipulation by agencies unknown
for what can only be whimsical intent, serves only to sharpen my vigilance and increase the attention I
pay to the stories of others.

In 14,000 hours of flying worldwide, I have never experienced such a bizarre and unnerving incident
as this one. I do remember, though, a colleague recounting how, when flying a light aircraft across the
Mona Passage from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico, he noted an uncontrollable compass spin
on the E2 standby instrument. There seemed no rhyme nor reason, and that is how my experience will
have to remain – a total mystery.2

None of the pilots to whom I sent copies of Graham Sheppard’s report was
able to rationalize the unscheduled displacement. Having flown with Graham
in the right-hand seat of the same Cessna 172 on those two re-runs in Puerto
Rico, in 1998 and 1999, I too can offer no explanation. Sir Mark Thomson, a
former  Royal  Navy  jet  pilot  who  currently  flies  a  Beechcraft  Baron  twin-
engined aircraft and who knows Graham, is as baffled as he is impressed. ‘It
is undeniably one of the most important pieces of evidence I’ve ever seen,’
he  told  me.  ‘A  lifelong  airline  pilot  flying  the  simplest  aircraft  in  good
weather,  and  in  Puerto  Rico,  where  the  evidence  for  so  long  has  been  so
strong and getting stronger. There is no explanation, in our laws of physics,
for his aircraft movement. It unquestionably happened. It proves to me their
mastery of space, time and distance. But why did “they” move him . . .?’3

PACIFIC OCEAN
In the spring of 1966 a Boeing C-97 Stratofreighter of the US Air National
Guard,  flying  from  Kwajalein  Island  to  Guam,  in  the  Pacific  Ocean,
unaccountably  found  itself  miles  off  course.  The  navigator  was  Lieutenant
Colonel  Frank  P.  Hopkins,  at  the  time  Air  Force  Advisor  to  the  106th  Air
Transport  Group,  New  York  Air  Guard.  ‘Kwajalein  weather  gave  me  a
pleasant  forecast,  no  significant  weather,  winds  at  our  level  approximately
040/10–12 knots,’ Hopkins’s report begins.

Terminal  weather  at  Guam  was  standard,  and  we  all  looked  forward  to  a  pleasant  night  flight  of
approximately 6 to 6+30 hours . . . We climbed out to about 12,000', levelled off, and settled down . . .
Second hour out, since the weather was so good, I decided to use a Celestial Fix for a position [and]
shot what developed on the chart as a perfect three-star fix [leaving] no doubt as to where the aircraft
had been at that point in time . . .

Third hour out . . . I shot a second celestial fix. Weather was excellent: high, broken overcast, no
turbulence, wonderful results. Another pinpoint fix. Only problem was [that] this last fix was about 340
nautical miles down intended course. A C-97 at that altitude works at a true air speed of about 220
knots. With the pertinent information stuck on a computer I came up with a wind of approximately 110
knots from 070. I rechecked and re-rechecked. There was no error. It is . . . a very serious thing in the
business when ground speed changes for inexplicable reasons by a full third.

Fourth hour out . . . I was using good Loran [long-range navigation] and shooting celestial. Ground
speed was down to about 230 from the previous fix. Some slight left drift. No problems. Except for the
fact that, in ostensibly good weather, a plugging old ’97 had, in fact, covered 340 nautical miles in one
hour of time for no apparent reason.

At  Guam  Hopkins  learned  that  he  was  not  alone  in  reporting  such  a
displacement.  The  head  of  the  weather  section  informed  him  that  he  was
aware of such inexplicable phenomena: it always occurred at night, perhaps
eight  to  ten  times  a  year  and  lasted  not  more  than  two  hours.4  Graham
Sheppard’s displacement, however, occurred in broad daylight, at relatively
low  altitude  and  over  clearly  visible  ground,  versus  Hopkins’s  night-time
event, at 12,000 feet, over open water.

DISAPPEARANCES
Puerto Rico lies within a corner of the legendary ‘Bermuda Triangle’ where,
for  many  years,  bizarre  incidents  have  been  reported,  such  as  the  famed
disappearance  of  six  Grumman  Avenger  torpedo-bombers  off  the  coast  of
Florida in December 1946. In Puerto Rico itself I interviewed two groups of
witnesses  who,  on  two  separate  occasions  in  1988,  watched  as  US  Navy
Grumman  F-14  jets  apparently  were  ‘captured’  or  otherwise  ‘absorbed’  in
mid-flight by the large, unknown aerial craft they were pursuing.5 It seems
reasonable,  therefore,  to  link  these  kinds  of  phenomena  with  aerial
displacement.

Jorge  Martín  learned  from  a  high-ranking  officer  connected  to  the  US
Navy that American authorities were alarmed because, periodically, aircraft
of both the US, the Puerto Rico Air National Guard, as well as some private
aircraft had disappeared in an area to the north-west of Puerto Rico known as
the San Juan Trench (which drops to 9200 metres in the Milwaukee Depth,
the deepest part of the Atlantic Ocean). The Navy and Air Force found that,
on a regular basis, a huge, disc-shaped craft would come out of the sea in the
Trench, sometimes ‘hanging stationary in the air on a great column of water
before vanishing or before submerging again’. Pilots reportedly were ordered
to  approach  the  object  and  on  several  occasions,  when  they  got  too  close,
their aircraft appeared to ‘explode silently, to vanish into thin air’.6

Graham  Sheppard  cites 
the  case  of  a  colleague  who  noted  ‘an
uncontrollable  compass  spin’  while  flying  a  light  aircraft  across  the  Mona
Passage  from  the  Dominican  Republic  to  Puerto  Rico.  More  serious  cases
have occurred in the area, such as the following.

On  28  June  1980  José  Luis  Maldonado  Torres,  a  31-year-old  pilot,  was
flying an Ercoupe 415-D, together with José A. Pagán Santos, a 22-year-old
student  pilot,  on  the  return  leg  to  San  Juan  from  Santo  Domingo  in  the
Dominican  Republic.  Shortly  after  20.00  local  time,  Maldonado  began
transmitting ‘Mayday’ distress calls on the 121.5 MHz International Distress
Frequency,  which  is  continuously  monitored.  For  some  reason,  these  calls
were not picked up by the approach control facility at San Juan International
Airport, but a Spanish airliner (Iberia), en route from the Dominican Republic
to  Madrid,  served  as  a  link  with  San  Juan,  via  the  Federal  Aviation
Administration’s (FAA) mast on El Yunque. Here follow extracts from the
65-page  US  National  Transportation  Safety  Board  (NTSB)  accident  report,
obtained by Graham Sheppard. The Ercoupe (erroneously named Air-Coupe,
a  later  version  of  the  same  aircraft)  is  identified  by  its  registration  number
N3808H,  and  the  Iberia  Airlines  plane  by  its  flight  number,  IB976.

Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is used in the transcript:

0003:00  GMT  N3808H  Mayday  Mayday  Air-Coupe  ocho  cero  eight  zero  zero  Hotel  we  can  see  a
strange object in our course we are lost Mayday Mayday
0003:25 GMT N3808H Mayday Mayday we are lost we found a strange object in our course
0003:35 GMT IB976 Station calling Mayday Mayday Iberia nine seven six Iberia nine seven six go
ahead
0003:45 GMT N3808H Ah we are going from Santo Domingo to ah San Juan International but we
found (Ah a weird object in our course that made us change course about three different times we got it
right now in front of us at one o’clock our heading is) zero seven zero degrees . . . our altitude one
thousand six hundred at zero seven [zero] degrees . . . our VORs [VHF Omnidirectional Range] got lost
off frequency
0004:15 GMT IB976 Station calling one two one five Mayday Mayday Iberia nine seven six go ahead
0004:20 GMT N3808H Mayday Mayday this is Air-Coupe three eight zero eight Hotel in flight from
Santo Domingo to San Juan Puerto Rico we have a very weird object in front of us that make us lose
course . . . our present heading is one thirty degrees at one thousand five hundred feet sir
0004:55 GMT N3808H We lost signal off of Aguadilla VOR
0005:00  GMT  IB976  Ah  station  calling  Mayday  station  calling  Mayday  San  Juan  request  to  Ah
SQUAWK one one zero zero one one zero zero
0005:10 GMT N3808H We do not have transponder sir we do not have transponder
0005:25 GMT IB976 Station transmitting Mayday San Juan request you transmit one one zero zero
0005:35 GMT N3808H We do not have transponder sir we do not have transponder
0005:40 GMT IB976 OK which is your call sign and estimate position
0005:45  GMT  N3808H  Right  now  we  supposed  to  be  at  about  thirty  five  miles  from  the  coast  of
Puerto Rico but we have something weird in front of us that make us lose course all the time I change
our course a second [unintelligible] our present heading right now is three hundred we are right again in
the same stuff sir
0006:30 GMT IB976 Station transmitting Mayday station transmitting Mayday Iberia nine seven six
San Juan requests you to call one three four three or one three five seven say again frequency one three
four three or one three five seven do you copy
0007:10 GMT IB976 Station transmitting Mayday call San Juan one three four point three or one three
five point seven . . .

No response was heard from the Ercoupe. Extracts follow from the NTSB’s
Narrative  Statement  of  Pertinent  Facts,  Conditions,  and  Circumstances.
Times are local.

At  2007,  the  San  Juan  International  Flight  Service  Station  [IFSS]  advised  the  San  Juan  Combined
Center Radar Approach Control (CERAP) watch desk that he was not getting anything on his Direction
Finder (DF) on Frequency 121.5 Mhz.

At 2012 the Atlantic Fleet Weapons Range (AFWR) [based at Roosevelt Roads Naval Air Station]
advised San Juan CERAP that they had N3808H on radar for a while and heard his Mayday but could
not make out what he was trying to say. San Juan CERAP asked AFWR the flight’s position when they
last observed him on radar. AFWR responded that the flight was observed at about 35 miles west of
Puerto Rico.

At 2015 AFWR advised the San Juan CERAP that they had a target bearing 266 degrees and about
110 miles from their location. The target was moving east.

At 2017 CERAP advised the San Juan IFSS that AFWR thought they had the aircraft on radar but
nothing definite. The target was never identified. A search for the aircraft and occupants was launched
by  private  aircraft  and  the  U.S.  Coast  Guard  at  about  2144  or  about  1½  hours  after  radio
communications with the flight were lost.

The search . . . continued until [30 June 1980] in the afternoon at which time a message was sent to
all ships and aircraft in the suspect area to look out for the survivors. All attempts to locate the aircraft
and  occupants  have  been  to  no  avail.  The  aircraft  is  presumed  ditched  at  sea  and  both  occupants
deceased.

It is unfortunate that some sections of the recorded transmissions are either
unintelligible or apparently missing.

‘An  Emergency  Locator  Transmitter  [ELT],  which  can  be  activated
manually, or possibly automatically on immersion – if afloat – was fitted to
the  Ercoupe,’  Graham  Sheppard  explains.  ‘Had  it  been  activated,  it  would
have provided direction finding [DF] on the 121.5 MHz International Distress
Frequency.’

The NTSB’s Narrative Statement continues:

Based on the only information available, it is estimated that the pilot possessed about 200 hours total
flying experience of which 117 were flown as pilot-in-command and 15 hours were flown at night . . . it
is estimated that the student pilot possessed about 16 hours total flying experience all of which was
flown  dual  .  .  .  the  aircraft  received  an  annual  inspection  on  [16  May  1980]  and  the  tach  recorder
indicated 640.3 hours at the time . . .

The actual weather conditions at the place and time of the accident can not be determined since an
accurate geographical location of crash site is unknown . . .

It is noted that the pilot stated in his distress call that there was a weird object in the flight’s path
which  made  him  change  course  about  three  times.  The  pilot  did  not  describe  the  object  except  for
saying at one time, ‘We are in the same stuff again.’

It is also significant to note that at 2003 the pilot stated his heading was 300 degrees magnetic, at
2004  he  stated  his  course  was  130  degrees  magnetic  and  at  2006  the  pilot  said  his  course  was  300
degrees magnetic.7

Graham  points  out  that  at  20.16  local  time,  11  minutes  after  the  stricken
Ercoupe’s last communication, Roosevelt Roads Naval Air Station (AFWR)
made  an  intriguing  comment  to  San  Juan  Approach  Control,  which  is  not
further referenced in the official report: ‘It looks like we may see a few of
them  out  there  but  not  too  [unintelligible].’  Presumably,  several  radar
contacts – including the Ercoupe – were detected in the same area. Might the
‘strange object’ have been one of them?

 

Figure 4. Two pages from the 65-page accident report by the US National Transportation Safety Board
relating to the disappearance of José Luis Maldonado Torres and José A. Pagán Santos in their aircraft
off the west coast of Puerto Rico, June 1980. (National Transportation Safety Board)

 

Graham’s calculations show that, at the time of the last communication, the
Ercoupe was some 30 nautical miles off the coast of Puerto Rico and several
miles to the east of Mona Island. Three interesting points arise here. First, a
colleague of Graham’s noted ‘an uncontrollable compass spin’ while flying a
light  aircraft  across  the  Mona  Passage;  second,  one  of  Jorge  Martín’s  US
Navy sources disclosed that a huge subterranean alien base existed in Puerto
Rico, extending under the sea as far as Mona Island (Chapter 17); and third,
the Brazilian scientist Rubens Villela was informed by his alien contacts that
aircraft  weighing  less  than  20,000  kilos  (48,501  lb/24.25  tonnes)  might  be
jeopardized  by  a  ‘force  field’  emanating  from  their  base  in  Antarctica
(Chapter 1).

Jorge Martín has played me a copy of some of the recorded transmissions
from  the  Ercoupe,  leaked  to  him  by  a  Federal  Aviation  Administration
source,  and  there  is  no  doubting  the  tone  of  urgency  in  the  pilot’s  voice.
Puerto Rican authorities suggested that the ‘accident’ had been due either to
an inexperienced pilot or to the age of the plane. Neither explanation is valid.
José Pagán Jimenez, the student co-pilot’s father who owned the plane and
flew it himself, was assistant chief of the aerial division of the police. True,
the  Ercoupe  was  registered  in  1947  but,  according  to  Pagán  Sr,  it  was  in
perfect condition. He told Martín that he had only recently replaced the old
engine  with  a  new  one.  Significantly,  nowhere  in  the  transcript  is  a  fault
reported.8

Like Frederick Valentich, the young pilot who disappeared together with
his light aircraft while flying over the Bass Strait, Australia, in October 1978,
after reporting the close proximity of a UFO,9 Pagán Jr was a firm believer in
the  reality  of  the  UFO  phenomenon.  It  is  not  known  if  the  young  Puerto
Ricans were actually abducted. ‘But what we do know,’ said Pagán’s father,
‘is that [a UFO] was in some way or other involved in what happened . . .’10

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret, pp. 36–8, 102–3.
2. Report prepared for the author, April 1999.
3. Letter to the author, 1 July 1998.
4. Sanderson, Ivan T., Invisible Residents, The World Publishing Company, New York and Cleveland, 1970, pp. 152–3.
5. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret, Century, London, pp. 5–7.
6. Martín, Jorge, ‘The Alien Presence in Our Seas’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 44, no. 1, 1999, pp. 9–10, translated by Gordon Creighton from Evidencia OVNI, no. 13, 1997.
7. National Transportation Safety Board Accident File No. MIA-80-D-A079.
8. Martín, Jorge, ‘A Valentich type of UFO case off Puerto Rico’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 43, no. 4, Winter 1998, pp. 6–8, translated by Gordon Creighton from Evidencia OVNI, no. 3, 1994.
9. Good, Beyond Top Secret. See also Haines, Richard F., Melbourne Episode: Case Study of a Missing Pilot, LDA Press, Los Altos, California, 1987.
10. Martín, ‘A Valentich type of UFO case off Puerto Rico’, op. cit.


===============================================================================
Chapter 3. Soul Vampires

On the night of 8–9 March 1993 Erwin Lohre, an artist and former military
pilot,  was  sleeping  at  his  family  home  in  Braunschweig,  north-central
Germany. At around 00.30, he suddenly awoke with a stabbing pain in the
area of his spine. ‘I at once took a painkilling tablet and lay down again,’ he
recounted to Dr Peter Hattwig, a UFO investigator. ‘Meanwhile, my wife had
also awakened, simultaneously.’

Suddenly,  we  heard  a  clear  humming  sound  coming  from  the  sky.  After  three  or  four  seconds  this
noise,  which  seemed  ‘metallic’,  as  though  produced  by  a  centrifugal  force,  grew  louder,  and  then,
through the bedroom window, we saw a bright round shining object stationary at a height of some 10
metres or so above the birch trees to the east. There was a full Moon at the time. But despite that, our
bedroom and terrace outside was lit by something even more powerful than the moonlight – a bluish-
white colour like neon lighting. At the same time we both felt a strange metallic sort of taste on our
tongues.

Up till then I had scarcely given a moment’s thought to UFOs, but it was now immediately quite
clear to me that I was looking at an unknown flying object, and I said to my wife: ‘Look! See what it is!
They are going to land here!’ Being a former fighter pilot myself, I wanted of course to see what was
going on. But when I tried to stand up, I found that I couldn’t move, and with my wife it was just the
same. Also our two kittens, which sleep on the foot of the bed, were both sitting there, bolt upright, and
looking as though turned to stone. Meanwhile, our bedroom window was being bathed, on and off, in a
bright yellow beam of light apparently coming down from above.

I didn’t get frightened because I was so completely spellbound. Indeed, if anything, my feeling was
rather one of annoyance because I was immobilized and unable to get to the window. But my wife . . .
afterwards had a thorough fit of the shakes. The eerie apparition lasted altogether about 40 seconds or
so, and then the vivid light ended abruptly. Then, some 30 or 40 seconds later, we saw the UFO fly
over our bedroom window in a westerly direction and vanish. Simultaneously the paralysis ended for
both of us. My wife was too upset to be able to sleep any more, and so was I.

Then, about half an hour later, we heard the same sound again, coming from the other direction. Our
bedroom has windows on the two sides, and so we got a full view of the UFO for the first time. From a
distance of about 300 metres we watched it flying straight towards us. Again we heard the same sounds
as before, and for about six seconds or so we could see its shape absolutely clearly. [It] shimmered with
all  the  colours  of  the  rainbow  .  .  .  the  cupola  was  a  bright,  shining  silver.  The  underside  had  three
coloured apertures and a central light . . . Then, just as the disc – which I estimated to be about 10
metres wide – was nearly right over us, something quite unbelievable happened. It simply dissolved
into thin air – between one-tenth of a second and another – and it was gone, without any transition!

Lohre reported the encounter to a local newspaper. ‘After the newspaper had
published the report,’ he said, ‘25 people contacted me, including one whole
bowling  team  which  had  been  travelling  home  at  the  time.  Unfortunately
none  of  them  was  prepared  to  go  public  as  eyewitnesses.’  (In  Germany,  I
should point out, there is considerable reluctance on the part of its generally
conservative  citizenry  to  report  such  incidents.  For  this  reason,  I  am  sure,
relatively few reports reach the media.)

Dr Hattwig asked Herr Lohre if he had the impression that the craft was
‘seeking’ him personally. ‘Absolutely!’ replied Lohre. ‘For it was hovering
there right beside my bedroom window, as though they knew exactly where I
was. It is true that my wife and I were both paralysed, but unlike me she felt
no pain in the spine.’

AFTERMATH
The day after the incident, a number of peculiar developments occurred. ‘At 4
p.m.,’  recounted  Lohre,  ‘my  wife  and  daughter  and  I  –  who  were  all  in
different rooms at the time – saw a light like a photo-flash in front of our TV
sets, accompanied by a crackling sound.’

Figure 5. A sketch by Erwin Lohre, a former military pilot who, together with his wife, was temporarily
paralysed as this craft hovered outside their house in Braunschweig, Germany, in March 1993. (Erwin
Lohre / FSR Publications Ltd)

Then, an hour later, phenomenal discharges came from the TV sets downstairs. Furthermore, we found
that our computer had packed up. We never found any reason for that, and it has never happened again.
Then,  at  about  10  p.m.,  suddenly  a  tremendous  banging  started  up  inside  our  wardrobe,  as  though
somebody  was  shut  in  there.  But  despite  all  our  efforts  and  searching,  we  could  find  absolutely  no
reason for the noise. And every time we opened the wardrobe, the din stopped.

These events continued for two months after the incident. It is interesting to
compare  the  ‘tremendous  banging’  noise  with  the  violent  sounds  and
vibrations  reported  in  the  home  of  Enrique  Castillo  Rincón,  following  his
initial encounter in Costa Rica in 1963 (Chapter 4).

‘After the encounter I had constant pain in the spine,’ Lohre told Hattwig,
‘and a week later, using a mirror, I discovered on my spine, at the level of the
buttocks, two red marks, about two centimetres apart.’

I went to see a doctor, who then found two black spots below the skin. He applied an ointment, and he
referred me for a CAT scan, but before I was able to go there two little black lens-shaped things came
out of my back. I put them away very carefully, to show them to the doctor, but by the second day
following they had simply evaporated.1

Several aspects of this case impress me. As a former pilot, Erwin Lohre is
unlikely  to  have  mistaken  the  craft  he  and  his  wife  saw  for  any  kind  of
conventional  aircraft.  Also,  he  had  never  heard  about  alien  abductions  or
alien implants, reacting in disbelief when questioned on this by Dr Hattwig.

In  recent  years  several  operations  to  remove  alleged  alien  implants  have
been performed on a number of abductees, some with rather dubious results.
At the time of writing, proper, peer-reviewed scientific analysis has yet to be
conducted in this field, despite the interesting claims of Dr Roger Leir, who is
the first to have written a book on this aspect of the abduction phenomenon.2
Dr  John  Altshuler,  a  haematologist  and  pathologist  who  was  the  first  to
examine  an  animal  reportedly  mutilated  by  aliens  on  a  ranch  in  Alamosa,
Colorado,  in  1967,3  was  also  first,  I  believe,  to  remove  implants  from
abductees. He told me that years ago he had performed surgical procedures
on  two  patients.  ‘One  object  was  cylinder-shaped,  about  five  millimetres
long. I had very thin sections made and conducted a variety of different tests,
but I was unable to elucidate what it actually was. In the other case, I could
find no evidence other than that it had been a fibre.’ Dr Altshuler is sceptical
about some of the purported medical findings thus far published, and urges
caution in this potentially promising field of study.4

ENCOUNTER AT EUMEMMERRING CREEK
Mark Ian Birdsall, one of Britain’s leading UFO researchers, takes a highly
sceptical view of the whole concept of alien abductions. In 1996, however, he
interviewed a woman whose compelling account gave him pause for thought.
Kelly Cahill, an attractive and intelligent Australian, was 25 years old at the
time of the incident. The following is taken partly from her book, Encounter,
but  mostly  from  the  interview  she  gave  to  Mark,  which  includes  further
developments.

On 7 August 1993, at dusk, Kelly and her husband, Andrew, were driving
to visit friends near the Dandenongs, east of Melbourne. As they headed up
into  the  mountains  from  Cranbourne,  driving  along  the  Belgrave–Hallam
road on the outskirts of Belgrave South, Kelly fleetingly glimpsed something
unusual. ‘I was just sort of gazing out of the window and I saw this circle of
round, orange lights, back in a paddock,’ she told Mark. Andrew, who was
driving, saw nothing. The incident was forgotten until Andrew brought it up
in conversation with their friends later that evening.

Between 23.30 and 23.45, following a game of bingo with their friends, the
couple  set  off  for  the  return  journey  to  their  home  in  Gippsland,  a  trip
normally taking one and a half hours. Around midnight, as they drove along
the unlighted Belgrave–Hallam road, in Eumemmerring Creek, Narre Warren
North, near the location of the earlier sighting, similar orange lights appeared.

As Kelly reported:

At first, from a distance, it looked like a blimp, hovering above the road at about 400 metres in front of
us, but as we got closer to it, you could see it wasn’t a blimp. And there were these silhouettes standing
there, like people, in the orange lights. I said to my husband, ‘It looks like there’s people in there!’
There were people looking at us – that’s the way I saw it. And the minute I said that, it shot off to the
left and just disappeared, like in two seconds flat, into the distance, to the east of Melbourne.

A few kilometres later Kelly and Andrew encountered a blinding white light
in the middle of the road. Kelly held her hand up to her eyes so she could see
through the windscreen. ‘Do you see that?’ she asked Andrew. He replied in
the affirmative. ‘What are you going to do?’ she continued.

‘I’m going to keep on driving,’ he responded.
‘Because of what we’d seen back there,’ said Kelly, ‘I was saying to him
that  we  were  going  to  see  a  real  UFO.  And,  you  know,  my  heart  was
pumping  and  the  adrenalin  was  pumping  through  my  body.’  The  couple
continued driving, but suddenly everything seemed to change. ‘I don’t know
how  to  explain  it,’  said  Kelly.  ‘It  was  really  strange.  The  car  had  slowed
down. We were doing about 40 kph but had been doing 110–120 kph. And
I’m sitting there totally relaxed, and really, really disorientated. And I said to
my husband, “I’ve had a blackout. What happened to the light? Did we see a
UFO?” He said, “I think so. We must have turned a corner or something.” I
felt like I had experienced a blackout.’5

On  the  way  home,  the  couple  began  to  argue  about  what  happened.  A
distinct  smell,  similar  to  that  of  vomit,  permeated  the  air  inside  the  car,
although  no  traces  could  be  found.  In  addition,  Kelly  complained  of  a  dull
pain in her stomach, extending to her shoulders.6 Arriving home, they were
shocked  to  discover  that  the  time  was  02.30.  ‘We  had  left  our  friends
[Yvonne and her family] no later than 11.45 p.m.,’ explained Kelly. ‘We had
done this journey on many occasions, and it always takes around 90 minutes.
I  was  shocked  when  I  noticed  the  clock.  I  had  no  interest  in  UFOs  at  that
time, and certainly had no knowledge of “missing time” and so on. I didn’t
know  what  had  happened.  I  sat  there  thinking  that  I  may  have  had  an
epileptic fit or something.’7

PHYSICAL ABNORMALITIES
Shortly  after  arriving  home,  Kelly  discovered  that  she  was  losing  blood,
which was puzzling because her most recent menses had ended a few days
earlier. She also noticed a red, triangular-shaped mark below her navel. ‘At
first  it  was  a  red  triangle,  a  perfect  centimetre  each  side,’  she  reported.  ‘I
didn’t realize until later how important it was, though just in the back of my
mind  I  had  a  suspicion  that  it  was  connected  to  the  incident.  Four  to  five
months  later,  the  red  mark  had  gone,  but  this  perfect  triangular  scar  was
there: it was only the outline of a scar, like it had actually been cut.’8 Such
triangular marks have been reported in a number of abduction cases.

Initially,  Kelly  did  not  seek  medical  help  for  the  excessive  bleeding,
having experienced a similar gynaecological problem when she was younger.
‘I  had  pre-cancerous  cells  without  knowing  it,  and  had  to  have  laser
treatment,’  she  explained.  But  when  the  bleeding  persisted  for  over  three
weeks,  she  decided  to  go  to  hospital.9  She  also  suffered  from  severe
headaches, which she had never had before. She remained in hospital for a
few  days  while  various  tests  were  carried  out.  A  uterine  infection  was
diagnosed, but since such infections are normally caused by a self-terminated
pregnancy or from recent surgery – neither of which applied – this seemed
peculiar. A course of antibiotics cleared up the condition in a few days.10

BEDROOM INTRUSIONS
On  6  September  1993  Kelly  had  the  first  of  four  night-time  bedroom
intrusions by an unknown entity. Via telepathy, the entity told her not to be
afraid of what was about to happen. She then felt a physical sensation on her
chest, as if a suction device were draining energy from her. As she lay there
paralysed,  the  ‘suction’  process  suddenly  grew  more  powerful,  and  a  tall,
black figure in a full-length hooded cloak, with vaguely defined features and
dull-red  glowing  eyes,  could  now  be  seen.  The  entity  continued  staring  at
Kelly, by now imbued with a sense of malevolence: she felt convinced that it
was literally trying to take the life out of her. Eventually the entity vanished.
Kelly insists she was fully conscious at the time and that the entity appeared
quite solid.11

Nocturnal intrusions of this nature, commonly experienced by abductees,
have  been  reported  for  centuries  and  are  often  attributed  to  an  incubus  or
succubus – male or female demons, respectively – who attempt either to have
sexual intercourse with, or to steal the souls of, victims. Whatever their origin
and  purpose,  these  entities  are  encountered  throughout  the  world  and  have
much in common with the abduction scenario.

In  1991–3,  numerous  witnesses  in  Czechoslovakia  reported  bedroom
intrusions  by  various  beings,  invariably  in  the  latter  half  of  the  night,
preceded by a beam of light entering from outside the house. In these cases
the  entities  typically  were  described  as  roughly  human-shaped,  semi-
diaphanous,  with  an  indiscernible  face,  dressed  in  either  a  ‘white  cowl’,  a
‘diving suit’, a ‘space suit’ or a suit ‘like the protective clothes of workers in
nuclear power stations’. In all cases the witnesses remained paralysed until
the  entities  suddenly  vanished.  Dr  J.  S.  from  Zlín,  in  Moravia,  had  an
encounter at the end of November 1992:

I woke up about half an hour after midnight with a feeling that somebody was staring at me. There was
an indistinct, tall figure in the bedroom doorway . . . I was incapable of saying anything aloud. I got
frightened because of this figure . . . I’m sure I was fully conscious. It took some minutes for me to
pluck up my courage and to put [on] the light on my bedside table. The figure vanished. I got out of bed
and went out of the room. Going through the door I had an unpleasant feeling, and my back was
stinging.12

There  are  parallels  here  with  Kelly  Cahill’s  case,  also  with  that  of  Erwin
Lohre,  e.g.,  the  sharp  pain  in  his  spine.  Regarding  ‘sleep  paralysis’,  I  have
experienced  this  myself  on  numerous  occasions,  although  seldom  in  recent
years.  Typically,  I  wake  up  in  the  small  hours,  fully  conscious,  my  body
becoming progressively paralysed, my solar plexus and/or the bed apparently
vibrating,  and  aware  of  a  sense  of  malevolence.  Only  through  a  supreme
effort of will am I able to ‘dislodge’ whatever it is. I have neither seen nor
heard anything unusual on these occasions, however. Abduction proponents
maintain that this is the initial stage of a typical alien abduction. They may
well be right, but I have no intention of finding out! In any case, my feeling is
that these particular ‘presences’ are not necessarily of extraterrestrial origin.

The  generally  accepted  medical  view  of  sleep  paralysis  is  that  it  is  a
defence mechanism inhibiting our body movements during sleep, preventing
us  from  physically  acting  out  our  dreams.  ‘In  the  borderline  state  between
being awake and asleep,’ explains Nick Pope in The Uninvited, ‘the proceses
of sleep paralysis can still be present for a moment, and can lead to situations
where people wake up momentarily unable to move.’13 This is certainly true
in many cases, but not all, as Pope and other abduction researchers concede.
In my own case, on some occasions the onset of paralysis has occurred when
I am awake, as my girlfriend can verify: in fact, she too has experienced the
phenomenon, which on one occasion, in Germany in 1989, was accompanied
by  blue  light  and  strange  sounds,  the  source  of  which  could  not  be
determined.

A  Japanese  survey  reveals  that  40  per  cent  of  people  claim  to  have
experienced  sleep  paralysis.  According to  Dr  Susan  Blackmore,  a
psychologist  at  the  University  of  the  West  of  England,  who  has  studied
around  a  hundred  such  cases,  many  descriptions  by  people  who  think  they
have been abducted by aliens match what often occurs during sleep paralysis,
including strange whining, humming or machine-like sounds, vibrations and
the  sensation  of  an  unseen,  perhaps  frightening,  presence.  Dr  Blackmore
argues that ‘alien abduction’ is a modern version of ‘sleep paralysis myths’
that date back centuries.14

Is  it  that  simple?  In  discussing  parallels  between  sleep  paralysis  in  its
various forms and the typical alien abduction scenario, author Ralph Noyes
noted that:

Allowing  fully  for  a  general  sloppiness  of  approach  on  the  part  of  many  ufologists,  coupled  with  a
strong  wish  by  some  of  them  to  cram  the  data  into  preconceived  notions  and  to  use  such  dubious
techniques as hypnotic regression . . . there are far too many differences between the two experiences to
enable us to assimilate the one to the other [though] these differences must not blind us to some very
striking similarities.15

POLTERGEIST-TYPE PHENOMENA
Another similarity noted between alien abductions and psychic phenomena is
the  proliferation  in  some  cases  of  poltergeist  (‘noisy  ghost’)  activity
following an encounter. Like Erwin Lohre, Kelly Cahill and her family were
plagued  by  all  sorts  of  bizarre  happenings.  Within  days  of  the  encounters
their television set would switch itself on in the middle of the night, but when
Kelly went downstairs to investigate it would switch itself off. A day or so
later  the  video  machine  started  playing  up,  on  one  occasion  spontaneously
ejecting  a  tape.  Other  electrical  appliances  went  berserk,  necessitating  the
replacement of several expensive items such as the refrigerator; light bulbs
burned out within days of being replaced; the car starter-motor turned over by
itself  on  several  occasions,  and  Kelly  began  receiving  electric  shocks  from
objects that normally do not conduct electricity.16

Many  jump  to  the  conclusion  that  not  only  are  UFO  phenomena
inextricably linked to psychic phenomena, but they are part and parcel of a
single phenomenon. I reject this hypothesis. It is possible, for example, that
contact  with  alien  intelligences  stimulates  poltergeist  and  other  psychic
activity and causes witnesses to become psychically ‘open’, for reasons that
we do not understand. It is also possible that some aliens may be thousands of
years ahead of us in terms of mental development; therefore, what we regard
as paranormal abilities may be second nature to them. They may be equally
adept at functioning in other dimensions and manipulating spacetime. Thus,
if mischievous, part of their repertoire might include inducing, or provoking,
outbreaks of ‘poltergeist’ activity.

FLASHBACKS
On  16  September  1993  Kelly  and  Andrew  were  attending  a  barbecue  with
friends  when  the  conversation  turned  to  UFOs.  Surprisingly,  from  being
forgetful or sceptical about their experience the previous month, Andrew now
began to talk freely, reminding Kelly of the object hovering in the middle of
the road, which she had forgotten. For a while she did not believe him. Then,
on  the  afternoon  of  1  October  1993,  she  experienced  a  series  of  vivid
flashbacks. Driving with Andrew along the Belgrave–Hallam road, where the
incidents  had  occurred,  en  route  to  see  the  same  friends,  she  suddenly  felt
very strange.

I just got this sinking feeling through me, like sickened with horror for no reason, as if someone had
just  told  me  my  child  had  been  killed.  And  all  of  a  sudden  it’s  like  this  whole  memory  –  it  was  a
conscious memory, it was so real that I just wanted to sit there and scream that this can’t be happening,
this  can’t  be  real.  And  yet  it  was  real  memory:  it’s  not  like  remembering  a  dream  or  remembering
something or imagining. It was something that had happened and I had forgotten about it, and it was
this sensation of horror, this dread . . . And that’s when all the ‘flashes’ started, like pulling the car
over,  bending  down  to  pick  up  my  handbag,  put  it  on  my  shoulder,  walking  across  the  road  –  and
seeing these beings, seeing this craft. And I didn’t even tell my husband: I was just sitting in the car
freaking.

‘During our interview,’ reported Mark Birdsall, ‘Kelly continually referred to
the  flashbacks  as  “triggers”.  One  memory  freed  another,  and  she  was
basically reliving the entire event. Five or six more “triggers” occurred after
they  arrived  at  their  friends’  house.’  By  the  end  of  the  evening,  she  had
recalled a great deal more about the frightening encounter.17

THE ENCOUNTER RECALLED
‘We turned this bend, from where the light was, and there was this dirty big
UFO sitting in the field,’ Kelly related to Mark. ‘No one could miss it, it was
50 metres in diameter.’ Andrew stopped the car and pulled over to the side of
the  road.  Another  car  was  parked  over  100  metres  behind  them.  (Later,  it
transpired that a third car had also been present at the scene.)

I had got outside of the car, crossed the road, and picked up my handbag. As I went to look behind me,
here was another car. I walked around the front of the car to meet my husband on the other side, started
walking across the road, looked down the road again – and other people were walking across the road,
too. They never saw us – they thought they were the only ones. I jumped the gully. There was about 10
metres of grass before the [electrified] fence . . . I stood there for about 30 seconds watching this dirty
big craft [with] round circles of orange light; they were fluorescent, really hazy around the outside, but
big enough for a man to stand up full-length in each one of these circles. And underneath was this blue
stuff that came down to the ground in a conical shape, like a half-crescent of fluorescent light.

Then this one, tall, black being appeared in front of the craft – I don’t know where it came from. It
was really tall, like about seven feet, I guess. You couldn’t see any features, it was like a silhouette. Its
head was quite large. The first thing I thought was that I could talk to it, like I could say hello in my
head. And I did. I heard the words, ‘Let’s kill them’. That’s all I heard. I went into panic. The next
thing, there were seven or eight of these other things right behind the first one, all identical. Then I felt
this energy going through me. I don’t know how to describe it – it was like waves of energy. I was
extremely religious at the time, and I began screaming that they had no souls. Then all these eyes lit up
red  –  16  to  18  eyes,  huge,  big  round  things.  This  all  happened  in  a  few  seconds.  Then  they  moved
across the field – the whole lot of them – gliding, but so fast, and split up into two groups: some went
towards the other people, and the other group came towards us. I felt this blow to my stomach, went
flying through the air and landed on my back in the grass. I was winded, I couldn’t breathe, and I was
nauseous.

I managed to pull myself into a sitting position, because I thought I was going to die if I didn’t, and I
sat there. Then I called out to my husband, because I was totally blind: when I sat up, I couldn’t see a
thing, and for the rest of the encounter all I had was what I heard. I had ringing in my ears. Then I heard
my husband say, ‘Let go of me!’ And he was a few metres away from me. I think part of what knocked
me out was perhaps because I’d been hit in the stomach somehow – I don’t know with what – then I’d
literally been lifted off the ground and landed flat on my back – luckily it was on grass.

Then I heard this male voice saying, ‘We don’t mean you any harm’ and my husband saying, ‘Well,
why did you hurt Kelly then?’ I remember sitting on the ground, raving hysterically about demons and
evil, because it really fitted into my Church beliefs. I began to be sick and put my head between my
legs. Then I passed out. I came to – I don’t know how long I was out – lifted up my head, then heard
this male voice, using stupid cliché lines, like, ‘We are a peaceful people’. It wasn’t like he was talking
to  me,  and  I  thought  maybe  it  was  to  the  other  group.  I  was  still  totally  blinded.  And  I  started
screaming,  ‘They  tried  to  trick  you,  they  want  to  steal  your  souls!’  like  a  raving,  hysterical  maniac.
Then this male voice said, ‘Will someone do something about her’, and I felt this hand on my shoulder.
At that point, terror turned to this sort of incredible anger, and that’s when I started screaming out, ‘In
the name of God, get out of here!’ and so on. And then – I’m back in the car.

‘I  knew  all  these  were  real  memories,’  Kelly  insists.  ‘I  was  in  total  shock.
There was no way in the world that they could have been anything else but
real.  I  knew  that  I’d  been  through  that  physically,  though  I  did  have  the
thought  that  the  only  other  explanation  was  that  I  could  have  something
wrong with my brain – that I might have a brain tumour.

‘All I did was think about the incident constantly. I told my husband about
it, but he cracked up laughing.’18

THE INVESTIGATIONS BEGIN
A few days later, Kelly decided to contact someone in authority. ‘I wanted to
tell the government, I wanted to tell the whole world. I didn’t know then that
there  was  such  a  thing  as  a  UFO  researcher.  I  was  dead  serious  and  I  was
going  to  do  something  about  it.’  After  speaking  to  a  couple  of  universities
and the Department of Civil Aviation, she was put in touch with a local UFO
group in Melbourne, then Bill Chalker, the well-known researcher from New
South Wales. Chalker referred Kelly to John Auchettl, who heads Phenomena
Research  Australia  (PRA),  based  in  Mulgrave,  Victoria.  A  few  days  later
Kelly phoned Auchettl. She was astonished to learn that other people had had
encounters with UFOs. ‘John made me feel really secure. He told me not to
touch any books or read anything about the subject, and that I was to keep a
journal of my recollections.’

Auchettl and his team began a series of painstaking investigations, one of
which was to place an advertisement in a number of local newspapers, asking
merely for UFO witnesses to contact him. To further prevent contaminating
the  evidence,  he  kept  Kelly  in  the  dark  about  most  of  the  results  of  his
investigations.

John got heaps of calls from people who had seen objects in the sky, and then, in November 1993, he
got this call from two ladies, whose mother had seen the advertisement, and they said they had had this
really strange experience out on Belgrave–Hallam road – he hadn’t mentioned the road in the ad – and
[I learned much later] they described a craft very similar to what I had, and these tall black beings, and
getting out of their car, and that there was another car behind them. At that point in the road where I
had  seen  the  light  and  had  a  blackout,  these  other  people  [Glenda,  Jane  and  her  husband  Bill]  had
reached that point 10 minutes earlier. They all suddenly felt violently sick, lost control of their car and
spun out, hitting a pole. The car wasn’t really damaged, though there was some damage to the pole
(which was checked later). They waited at the side of the road until they felt well enough to move. This
was around midnight.

Two vehicles overtook them as they were about to pull onto the road. A speeding car went past and
then another one came by. We assume the first one was us, and the second one was the other people,
because when we all rounded the turn, we parked right up the top of the hill, and the third car was
parked at least 100 metres behind us. Then they all looked and saw exactly the same thing – this dirty
big UFO thing in the middle of the field . . . then they saw the third car pull back.

‘What else did they describe to John?’ asked Mark.

‘They  pulled  over,  and  there  was  this  other  car  parked  –  a  single  white
male in a stationary vehicle,’ Kelly continued. ‘Something happened to him,
too, apparently, because he got the same marks on his body. While all this
was  going  on,  Jane  said  she  saw  a  “red,  fluorescent  dragon”  pass  her.  The
researchers didn’t know what that was until this year – a month ago [October
1996]. Jane said to her husband, “Did you see the red dragon?” and he said,
“What red dragon?” – and they passed out. Then they got out of their car and
crossed the road.’

Bill remembers nothing, except seeing the big craft and all the black beings. We got out the car before
them, then they got out – I’m looking back across the road at them just leaving their car. They got to
the side of the road in enough time to see all the beings; they didn’t see them appear, they were already
there by that time. Then the two women reported a loud humming sound, and blacking out. The next
conscious  recollection  Linda  had  was  being  back  in  the  car  again,  wondering  what  the  hell  had
happened to the can of Coke she was holding.

John arranged for the women to have hypnotic regression: he didn’t feel it was advisable in my case.
In Victoria, regression by amateurs is illegal – you have to have a professional, government-registered
psychiatrist to do it. Under regression, the women found themselves strapped down to tables on their
back. I don’t remember anything like that. They were able to see the ceiling, they were able to see the
tips of their toes, but they couldn’t move. And they saw these other beings – Glenda’s drawn one – then
this tall one, the same tall, black being that I saw . . . They underwent medical examination, especially a
vaginal examination – instrumental probing of some sort. Jane is a nurse: she got most of her medical
data, including photographs, and her own doctors to examine her, and having records done, because of
this.

The women both claimed that, even though they weren’t together, they were in the same situation,
telepathically, with each other, and both knew what was going on with the other the entire time. Glenda
had the most incredible ligature mark on one of her ankles, like she’d been strapped down to something
so tightly that it brought all the blood to the surface. Both had the triangle mark below their navel: Jane
got a photograph of it and had it all documented. It was very similar to my mark. Both women also had
three marks on the inside of their thighs, on one side. Bill remembered nothing, but under hypnotic
regression  he  did  have  some  memory  of  knowing  that  activity  was  going  on  around  him,  but  he
couldn’t see, he was totally blind: it was like he’d lost a lot of his normal senses. After the incident, he
lost a whole lot of hair on the back of his head.

‘These were all professional people,’ Kelly explained to Mark. ‘The reason
they  didn’t  go  public  is  that  Bill  is  terrified  of  losing  his  job  as  a  bank
manager.’19

THE RED DRAGON
In  September  1996  Kelly  gave  an  interview  for  Who,  a  popular  Australian
weekly  magazine.  Following  publication,  the  editor  received  an  interesting
letter, dated 1 October 1996:

Dear Mr Moore,

. . . I read with interest an article [about the Kelly Cahill] encounter on the night of 8th August 1993.
Then, on Tuesday 10th September, I also listened to a radio programme about the same case, and my
husband noticed, and I agree, that there is a possibility that he was involved in this encounter . . . we
know that on the radio, Kelly and the others reported seeing another vehicle located at the bottom of the
hill . . .

Could you ask any of the witnesses, Kelly, Jane or Glenda, without revealing the below information
[a section for Moore’s eyes only appeared at the bottom of the page] I have now presented to you, to
see if any of them remember what I am about to tell you.

On the right hand, rear side of my husband’s vehicle, he had a mounted spare wheel with a very
unique protective cover over it. This design was produced by me and it is not commercially available.
On the cover is a red reflective material, shaped like a dragon . . . This image is most striking, and my
husband and I feel one would find it very difficult to miss . . . Do they recall seeing the dragon? To also
support his case, I have enclosed a new set of colour photographs from his original photographs of skin
marks found on his body after what I believe was a UFO encounter. The originals will have to remain
with us, however, you have our permission to show others and print them if you wish. My husband’s
occupation, Victorian Government Law Department, prevents him at present revealing to you his or my
true identity. My husband and I wish to remain anonymous until we feel more comfortable with future
decisions.

You may find this revelation a little strange and somewhat late. I acknowledge this obvious problem.
At first he did not want to believe that he could have witnessed such an event. It has been three years of
disbelief and denial. He did make an attempt to [explain] his interrupted drive home by contacting the
RAAF [Royal Australian Air Force] in late November, 1993. They put him in contact with a Melbourne
[UFO] group, [which proved] unhelpful. I then telephoned the RAAF, who were most helpful, and they
put me in contact with a [well-known researcher] in Sydney [who] never returned our call. After these
most unhelpful contacts, my husband decided the situation was too unusual to explain to anyone and it
would be far more beneficial to let this matter rest. It was not until last week after we read your positive
and balanced article that we (at my insistence) decided we should write to you in support of the others
and their case, and to look into his situation again . . .20

It  must  be  emphasized  that  Kelly  had  no  knowledge  of  the  ‘red  dragon’
reported by Jane until she read the letter in October 1996, because Auchettl
had  deliberately,  and  wisely,  refrained  from  telling  her  –  or  anyone  else  –
about it. ‘No one else was aware about the dragon,’ she said. ‘When I got on
the phone to John, he got so excited, and that’s when he came out and told
me the whole thing.’21

SCIENTIFIC FIELD DATA
For  about  a  year,  John  Auchettl  and  members  of  Phenomena  Research
Australia  conducted  a  thorough  survey  of  the  paddock  where  the  craft  is
alleged  to  have  set  down  on  the  night  of  7–8  August  1993.  ‘They  actually
went  out  to  this  field  14  times,’  Kelly  related  to  Mark,  ‘but  he  told  me
nothing about what was going on. They had this field cordoned off into one-
metre squares, doing chemical analysis, magnetometer readings, and so on.’
Equipment  from  Monash  University  worth  $200,000  was  used  in  the
analyses. Auchettl’s team, which included independent analysts, discovered a
number  of  anomalies,  such  as  higher  magnetometer  readings  at  the  same
place where Kelly and the others reported seeing a cone of light coming from
the craft. ‘Also, all of the foliage in the entire area had gone through some
sort  of  abrasion;  there  were  tiny  little  holes  all  through  everything,’  she
explained to Mark.

The ground was compacted in that area as if under high pressure, and there were also – I don’t know
what you call it – like wormholes through the soil. The soil had been rapidly dehydrated, though the
area is [originally] a marsh. And inside that semicircular area were three marks – three round circles.
The other women had drawn this tripod under the craft, which I hadn’t seen.22

We all reported seeing the semicircular shell [of light] under the craft, but I hadn’t noticed that there
was also a triangular tripod support. The other people had seen that. I don’t know how I could have
missed the tripod, except for the fact that I probably wasn’t wearing my glasses.

John and his people found the soil changes and the magnetic anomalies, which corresponded to our
descriptions of the craft’s dimensions. But they also found some unusual chemical traces . . . essentially
the whole area was laced with sulphur. They thought at first that the marks in the ground were burns,
but it turned out they had been produced by a chemical called pyrene. Although this is often found in
coal lodes, it shouldn’t have been present in this particular location . . .

John  told  me  they  found  unusually  high  amounts  of  tannic  acid  in  the  semicircle.  He  said  it  was
strange because the tannic acid should have dissolved over the months, due to the rain we’d had, but the
acid was locked in by a coating of some sort of unidentifiable waxy substance.23

The fact that you have three separate parties of people who saw the same thing, who had marks on
their  bodies,  who  all  had  over  an  hour  of  missing  time,  and  that  there’s  a  whole  heap  of  scientific
evidence, proves that something physical occurred out there.24

THE BLACK HELICOPTER
There is yet more to this extraordinary story, including bizarre incidents that
happened to Kelly two years earlier. For example, she describes in her book
how,  at  around  19.00  one  evening  in  October  1991,  in  Lalor,  a  suburb  of
Melbourne where she and Andrew were living at the time, a black helicopter
hovered noisily no further than 10 to 15 metres away from her position on the
second-storey veranda. She called out to her husband and her friend Sylvana,
who were downstairs, but they seemed uninterested.

It sat there for fifteen minutes at least – it seemed like a very long time to me. I kept going out on the
verandah, getting blown around, looking at the figures and wondering what they were up to. But they
just sat there. I couldn’t see their faces, but I was sure they could see me. It had no lights on the outside,
and it was totally bizarre. In the end I just had to ignore it, as Andrew had suggested, and eventually it
did go away.25

At  the  time,  Kelly  knew  nothing  of  the  link  between  black  helicopters  and
UFOs, i.e., that such helicopters have sometimes been reported by abductees
and  have  often  been  at  the  scene  of  unexplained  animal  mutilations
associated  with  UFO  activity,  particularly  in  the  United  States  (to  be
discussed in Chapter 15).

LIFE-FORCE
Although an extraordinary focus on human reproduction is evident in many
abduction cases – perhaps for purposes of alien hybridization – Kelly Cahill
shares  my  feeling  that  some  alien  entities  might  be  more  interested  in  our
‘souls’, or ‘life-force’, than in our bodies. ‘This possibility sheds some light
on the motivation of these beings, or at least the ones that I had to deal with,’
she writes, in a fascinating, and I believe important, hypothesis propounded
in her book.

Ironically, the beings seemed to be dealing with and manipulating things that we are still debating the
existence of. That may be why we can’t understand the abduction phenomenon. The body/life-force
relationship appears to be important to them, but this is something that we find intellectually vague . . .
they could primarily be after the life-force in us, and only secondarily interested in our biology and
culture. Because of our biology, they have to deal with us on that level as well, but there’s something
about our spirits that keeps them coming back . . .26

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Hattwig, Dr Peter, ‘A Noteworthy UFO Sighting over Germany’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 41, no. 4, Winter 1996, pp. 4-5, translated by Gordon Creighton.
2. Leir, Dr Roger K., The Aliens and the Scalpel: Scientific Proof of ET Implants in Humans, Granite Publishing LLC, via the Twiggs Company, PO Box 2875, Rapid City, South Dakota 57709, 1988.
3. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison, pp. 21–3.
4. Interview, Denver, Colorado, 7 March 1997.
5. Interview by Mark Ian Birdsall with Kelly Cahill, Leeds, 18 November 1996.
6. Cahill, Kelly, Encounter, HarperCollins, Sydney, 1996, pp. 54–5.
7. Birdsall, op. cit.
8. Ibid.
9. Ibid.
10. Cahill, op. cit., pp. 72–3.
11. Ibid., pp. 76–80.
12. Babícek, Stanislav, ‘Silver Beings of the Night’, The INFO Journal, Winter 1996, p. 31.
13. Pope, Nick, The Uninvited: An Exposé of the Alien Abduction Phenomenon, Simon & Schuster, London, 1997, p. 253.
14. Von Radowitz, John, ‘Sleep state may explain alien tales’, The Scotsman, 11 September 1996.
15. Noyes, Ralph, ‘Abduction: The Terror That Comes . . .’, The UFO Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good, p. 92.
16. Cahill, op. cit., pp. 95–7.
17. Birdsall, op. cit.
18. Ibid.
19. Ibid.
20. Webster, Di, ‘Alien Nation’, Who, 16 September 1996 (as dictated by Kelly Cahill to Mark Birdsall).
21. Birdsall, op. cit.
22. Ibid.
23. Cahill, op. cit., pp. 213–15.
24. Birdsall, op. cit.
25. Cahill, op. cit., pp. 186–8.
26. Ibid., pp. 160–1.


======================================================================================
Chapter 4. Operation Andromeda

Before returning to the stronger evidence for alien encounters, this and the
following three chapters are devoted to certain outlandish claims. While these
present  problems  in  terms  of  credibility,  in  my  opinion  there  is  a  core  of
information contained therein which deserves consideration.

In Alien Base, I recount numerous stories of the so-called contactees, some
dating  back  to  the  early  1900s,  describing  aliens  similar  in  appearance  to
human beings. To many researchers these stories are of little or no relevance,
due in part to the frequently banal and evangelical messages imparted by the
‘space  brothers’,  or  because  these  aliens  do  not  conform  to  preconceived
notions of alien appearance, behaviour, or origin. Nowadays, abductions by
small bug-eyed beings – the so-called ‘Greys’ – have become fashionable. In
many cases these stories are far more outlandish than those reported by the
contactees yet, paradoxically, they are taken far more seriously, particularly
in  the  United  States.  Academics  such  as  Dr  John  E.  Mack,  Professor  of
Psychiatry  at  Harvard  Medical  School,  and  Dr  David  M.  Jacobs,  Associate
Professor of History at Temple University, Philadelphia, have both published
books endorsing many of the abduction claims.1,2,3,4

A major problem in assessing the evidence for alien contact is that many
abductees  tend  to  confabulate  –  to  fabricate  imaginary  experiences  as
compensation  for  loss  of  memory  –  owing  either  to  ‘missing  time’,  to  a
‘screen  memory’  imposed  upon  them  by  the  aliens,  or  to  make  their  story
(and  themselves)  more  interesting.  Compounding  the  problem,  there  are
others claiming abduction by, or contact with, extraterrestrials whose stories
are simply the product of deception or delusion.

Here  follows  the  incredible  story  of  Enrique  Castillo  Rincón,  whose
claimed contacts with extraterrestrials – none of which involved abduction –
covered a long period. As one of Castillo’s friends remarks: ‘I don’t believe
what  Enrique  says  at  all,  but  he’s  a  great  friend  and  brother.  Either  he’s
concocted an amazing and very elaborate story, or what he says is true.’5

THE CURTAIN RISES
In June 1963 Castillo, then 30 years old, was employed by the maintenance
department of the Costa Rican Institute of Electricity (ICE). During the visit
of President John F. Kennedy to Costa Rica that month, when Castillo had
been working on a communications network to connect Costa Rica with the
rest of the world to cover the visit, the country was subjected to a number of
earth tremors arising from the eruption of one of its largest volcanoes, Irazú.

Eruptions continued for weeks. The Civil Guard organized an observation
post near the crater, 3342 metres above sea level, to monitor the lava flow
and  ICE  established  a  telecommunications  network  to  co-ordinate  an
evacuation of the capital, San José, should the need arise. At around 17.30 on
the  day  they  began  work,  Castillo  and  two  colleagues,  dressed  in  asbestos
suits, set about taking photographs and measurements, and selecting the best
site  for  the  observation  post.  At  17.45  the  engineer  next  to  him  drew  his
attention  to  an  unusual  orange  aircraft  in  the  sky,  followed  closely  by
another,  similar  aircraft.  It  was  the  beginning  of  a  series  of  extraordinary
encounters for Castillo, most of which are described in his fascinating book,
UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity.6

‘Our  first  guess,’  wrote  Castillo,  ‘was  that  these  could  be  some  type  of
aircraft  from  President  Kennedy’s  escort  forces;  however,  we  could  not
identify them . . .’

At 5.47 p.m. the two craft hovered together, stationary, at an altitude of some 300 meters above the
crater. The object closest to us suddenly dropped a few meters in a straight line, stopped abruptly, and
then  started  falling  slowly,  gently  swaying  from  side  to  side,  like  a  dead  leaf  falling  from  a  tree.  It
finally ‘parked’ three meters above the surface of the volcano’s crater, about 60 meters from us.

This ‘vehicle’ was lenticular in shape, about 45 meters in diameter and 12 meters high. A series of
windows emitting blue light was visible around its diameter. It had a well-proportioned, greenish dome,
seamlessly joined to the main body, which was smooth and the color of lead. When the two machines
approached, they looked orange or reddish in color, but when they stopped, they lost that hue.

The  second  object  moved  towards  the  far  side  of  the  crater  and,  having
crossed  the  column  of  ashes,  performed  similar  manoeuvres  before
disappearing behind the volcano, in full view of the principal engineer, who
was some distance away from Castillo and his colleague. Both craft seemed
to  induce  a  kind  of  whirlwind  effect,  as  though  ‘produced  by  a  propeller
rotating at high speed’, Castillo reported.

At that moment, far from feeling fear, with our will-power numbed, we felt at first as though we were
pinned to the ground, and then as if we were standing on top of an ant hill, because we felt a strong itch
all over our bodies, which blocked our . . . intentions to flee for cover.

We  had  been  watching  this  imposing  spectacle  for  only  a  few  seconds,  when  a  piercing,  high-
pitched, whistle-like noise assaulted our ears and made them ache almost unbearably. A door opened
over the dome, and something like a periscope emerged through it. Above this, another object, shaped
like a hammer, rotated rapidly while emitting a violet light, a different hue from the blue that filtered
through  the  peripheral  windows.  The  periscope  rose  about  a  meter  and  stopped  .  .  .  The  hammer
continued to rotate, and, in spite of our earache, we could perceive a low-frequency, quite rhythmic,
musical tone.

Totally conscious of everything around us, with our senses more alert than ever, but at the same time
perplexed and immobilized, we feared for the worst. [Then] the periscope retracted, the door closed,
and after a fraction of a second, the craft lifted up a few meters, as if it were falling upwards; then it
tilted slightly and shot off into infinity at a fantastic speed. The second ship followed silently, leaving
behind a multi-colored trail, first white, then orange, then reddish, changing to strong blue, and finally
fading into violet. The stupendous speed made the craft look oval rather than round. As suddenly as
they had appeared a few minutes earlier, they were gone, and we saw them no more.

This  event  lasted  seven  minutes.  Castillo  noticed  a  sharp  pain  in  his  left
shoulder,  as  did  his  nearby  companion.  ‘In  our  work,  we  were  acquainted
with  electrical  fields,’  said  Castillo,  ‘and these  could  explain the uncomfortable  itch  and  our  loss  of  freedom  of  movement,  presumably
induced by the machine.’ At first agreeing to remain silent about the incident,
the  witnesses  changed  their  minds  when,  as  they  headed  back  to  San  José,
they  began  to  feel  ill  –  ‘a  strange  discomfort,  marked  by  dizziness  and
vomiting’.

Fearing that we might have received a strong dose of radiation from the objects, we drove our jeeps
quickly to the nearest health center, located in the city of Cartago, some 45 minutes from Irazú. Along
the way, we were forced to stop several times, distressed by stomach cramps and the need to evacuate
our bowels, always with negative results. These false alarms scared us, because our bodily functions
seemed altered, and in our panic we feared that we might even die.

At  the  health  centre  in  Cartago,  Castillo  and  his  colleagues  persuaded  the
doctor  to  examine  them,  on  the  grounds  of  possible  poisoning  from  the
noxious  volcano  emanations.  The  doctor  sent  the  men  to  the  San  Juan  de
Dios  Hospital  in  San  José  for  a  more  thorough  check-up.  ‘Our  eyes  and
tongues  were  examined,  and  we  were  given  a  white  powder  in  a  glass  of
water. They sent us home with the assurance that nothing was wrong with our
health . . . I told the full story to Beatriz, my wife at the time, who did not
believe a word of it.’7

DISQUIETING DEVELOPMENTS
One night, two months after the incident at Irazú, Castillo began experiencing
disquieting symptoms. ‘At 1 a.m.,’ he wrote, ‘a violent sound reverberated in
my head. I woke up startled and indescribably frightened, trying to identify
the origin of the noise. It was like a swarm of bees fighting inside my brain.
Covering my ears did not help at all . . . I recalled suddenly that only once
before had I heard such a noise: at Irazú, in front of the UFO!’

Castillo got out of bed and, grabbing an old broom handle, inspected the
entire house. Nothing could be seen. Neither his wife nor his children were
awakened by the noise and, when Castillo mentioned it to his wife the next
morning, she accused him of being psychotic. The next night, before dawn,
the  noise  returned:  this  time  she  heard  and  felt  it,  although  the  children
remained  asleep.  ‘A  strong  tremor  woke  both  of  us  up,’  said  Castillo.
‘Beatriz, visibly disturbed, tried to call my attention to a strange noise that
was mercilessly jostling the house.’

I walked to the bathroom, where everything shook. The window panes seemed ready to fall to the floor.
The walls ‘danced’ to the same tune . . . Our ears ached desperately. Deathly afraid, I ran for the door,
and when I opened it, all noises ceased, replaced by a sudden, eerie quiet . . . It was possible to compare
the two latest frightening events: I discerned that the awful noise this time had been louder and more
piercing than the first time. I stepped out into the yard and surveyed the beautiful, starry sky. There was
nothing in sight . . .8

It is possible that the ‘strong tremor’ felt in the house may have been seismic
in origin, especially in a country where such tremors are commonplace, yet it
was not reported by others and it is hard to reconcile a tremor with the loud,
piercing noise, as well as with the earaches experienced by Castillo and his
wife.

THE FOLLOWER
Castillo  formed  a  UFO  study  group  in  San  José  and  continued  to  study
everything he could about the subject. A practising member of the Church of
Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints at the time, he once mentioned the Irazú
incident  to  a  Mormon  minister,  hoping  for  an  explanation.  ‘Not  only  was
there none,’ said Castillo, ‘but I received a severe warning from my superiors
to keep silent.’9

In 1964 Castillo moved to Cali, Colombia and the following year he was
appointed  chief  engineer  in  charge  of  outdoor  installations  for  General
Telephone  International’s  public  central  phone  system,  in  Bucaramanga,
northern  Colombia.  Here  he  also  founded  a  new  branch  of  the  Mormon
church,  as  he  had  done  in  Cali.  Then,  in  1968,  he  accepted  a  job  offer  in
Brazil and moved to Brasilia.

In the small hours of an October morning an unusual encounter happened
while Castillo was driving at speed on the highway from São Paulo towards
Brasilia.  ‘It  was  4  a.m.,  and  for  a  long  stretch  the  road  was  completely
empty,’ he reports.

At  100  k.p.h.,  my  car  was  performing  beautifully.  It  was  a  clear,  cloudless  night,  with  no  wind.
Suddenly, an unknown force shook the steering wheel with a strong vibration.

Through the windshield, I saw a ball of fire that crossed the sky and lit up the tops of the jungle trees.
I stopped at once, parking at the side of the road. At first, I thought it might be a plane in trouble, but it
looked more like a luminous sphere. It pulsed, as if it were breathing! . . . I got into the car, exceedingly
scared,  and  accelerated,  intending  to  put  distance  between  the  object  and  myself  [but]  the  object
followed  me  for  many  kilometers,  ahead  or  above  the  car,  moving  to  the  left  or  to  the  right.  When
close,  the  steering  wheel  shook  and  the  radio  lost  the  station  to  which  it  was  tuned,  and  garbled
unintelligibly. This circumstance was repeated several times . . .

It  moved  parallel  to  the  car,  keeping  pace,  whether  I  increased  or  decreased  the  velocity.  Several
times,  when  it  dove  over  the  car,  I  thought  it  would  crash,  but  in  the  end  nothing  happened.  In  the
distance, a light became visible over the road. The object, sensing it, quickly got lost over the jungle.
There was no witness . . .

The light turned out to be a toll gate. Unnerved by this experience, Castillo
asked an officer and a soldier there for a glass of water, then related to them
what  had  happened  to  him  on  the  road.  Such  apparitions  of  ‘spirits’  were
frequent in the area, the officer responded.10

Was  Castillo  being  followed  by  something  –  or  someone  –  from
elsewhere?

THE REPRESENTATIVE
Castillo’s six-month contract in Brazil having expired, he moved to Caracas,
Venezuela,  eventually  settling  in  an  apartment  in  San  Bernardino.  One
Sunday  in  1969,  after  attending  his  church,  Castillo  went  alone  to  the
Canaima  cinema  to  see  Barbarella,  starring  Jane  Fonda.  Standing  near  the
queue was a young man, who approached Castillo in a friendly manner. At
first Castillo took him to be a Mormon priest and greeted him thus: ‘Hello,
elder!’

‘Sorry, but that is not my name,’ replied the man. He introduced himself as
Cyril Weiss, of Swiss nationality, representative of a wholesale distribution
company based in Switzerland, on business in Caracas to open a market in
Latin  America.  He  asked  Castillo  if  he  could  join  him  in  the  cinema  and
handed over a ten-bolivar note for the ticket. After the film, Castillo drove
Weiss back to his hotel, and the two agreed to meet the following day. ‘He
asked  me  to  drop  him  at  a  corner,  from  where  he  walked  off  with  great
strides,’  said  Castillo.  ‘He  was  pleasant  and  very  well-behaved,  although
cautious.’

Next  day,  after  work,  the  two  met  at  Castillo’s  apartment.  Weiss  made
himself comfortable in the living room. Noticing some tape recordings on a
table, he picked up one and asked if he could listen to it. The recording was
of Schubert’s ‘Trout’ Quintet. ‘Pleased, he relaxed,’ said Castillo, ‘giving the
impression  of  being  lost  in  his  thoughts  at  the  harmonies  of  this  beautiful
musical  composition.  Once  in  a  while  he  came  back  to  reality  and  asked
details about my collection of classical music.’ Weiss expressed astonishment
that, in addition to classical music, Castillo enjoyed, for example, tangos by
Carlos Gardel, the famous Argentine singer.

Weiss appeared startled when Castillo told him that his religion prohibited
coffee,  liquor  and  tobacco.  Offered  cheese  and  sausage  sandwiches,  Weiss
politely refused, explaining that he was a vegetarian. Castillo had to laugh,
because he too had been a vegetarian for some time (the sausage sandwiches
having  been  bought  for  Weiss).  Castillo  then  steered  the  subject  to  UFOs,
asking  Weiss  for  his  opinion.  ‘The  latest  investigations  of  the  US
government,’  replied  the  Swiss,  ‘have  shown  that  they  do  not  exist.  As  of
today,  the  phenomenon  has  been  sufficiently  explained.  I  do  not  wish  to
discourage you, but I agree that they are pure hallucinations. Furthermore, I
dare to say that they are a safety valve, a product of the cold war among the
world powers.’ Castillo remained silent, not wanting to offend his guest.

Deeply involved in evangelical work for the Mormon church at the time,
Castillo invited Weiss to attend a couple of services, which he did. ‘Cyril did
not  want  to  be  baptized,’  said  Castillo,  ‘nevertheless,  he  always  was  very
respectful of other people’s beliefs.’

Weiss was altogether an interesting if unusual man.

[He] had the characteristic physical traits of the Nordic race. His looks enticed women. His blond, well-
kept hair shone under the sun. He protected his fair, white skin from the sun’s rays, staying in the shade
as much as possible. He was about 1.78–1.80 meters tall (or almost six feet), and looked 27 years old at
the most. His countenance was proud, but he dressed informally and neatly. His face projected serenity,
and his speech denoted peace of mind. He was always calm and never completely lost control of his
emotions.

Weiss’s  control  of  his  emotions  became  disconcertingly  evident  when
Castillo was driving his new friend in Caracas. A car ahead of them ran over
and  killed  a  boy’s  dog,  and  failed  to  stop.  Castillo  got  out  of  the  car  and
approached  the  boy,  numb  with  shock.  ‘With  my  hands  full,  attempting  to
console the boy, I felt behind me a cold stare, alien, insensible to pain. It was
Weiss,  who  had  walked  slowly  to  the  [scene].  His  coldness  impressed  me
strongly.’

Resuming  their  drive,  Castillo  fumed  about  the  brutality  of  people.
‘Enrique,’ said Weiss, ‘don’t worry so much about the boy; after a few hours,
his  sadness  in  the  face  of  the  inevitable  will  end.  We  all  possess  a  brain
mechanism that overcomes everything; even children have it. Thanks to that
mechanism, we finally accept the events that hurt us, no matter how cruel and
unjust they might be . . .’

Castillo  was  astonished.  ‘He  hadn’t  even  shown  pity.  In  this  way,  Cyril
was baffling. He seemed indifferent to everything.’

Despite being attractive to women, Weiss appeared uninterested in them,
provoking comments among the church group that he must be homosexual.
Castillo felt certain this was not the case, however. On one occasion the girls
in the group tried to provoke Weiss. ‘For the first and only time I saw him
mad,’ said Castillo, ‘although a few moments later he was back in his usual
nonchalant mood.’

Weiss seemed to live a solitary life. Castillo found it hard to find any social
activities  that  his  friend  enjoyed.  On  one  occasion  the  two  visited  a  beach.
‘Cyril  did  not  swim,’  said  Castillo,  ‘because  according  to  him,  salt  water,
wind and sun would affect his skin.’ Instead, Weiss read a book in the shade.
The book was about UFOs, thus the subject came up again. This time Weiss
seemed more open-minded, expressing his reconsidered view that intelligent
life must exist elsewhere in the universe, but that we had not yet been visited.
At a football match Weiss walked out of the stadium when the two teams
began  to  fight  each  other,  prompting  police  intervention.  Castillo  tried  to
interest his friend in other sports, such as boxing and bullfighting, to no avail.
‘Haven’t you noticed the bloodshot eyes of all the spectators of [these] type
of shows?’ asked Weiss. ‘Violence is contagious, and violent shows, without
a doubt, are for individuals who are insufficiently evolved.’

As if to reassure Castillo, Weiss frequently showed identification papers,
as  well  as  an  attaché  case  containing  his  company’s  samples  of  men’s
toiletries – lotions, talc, deodorants, soaps and shaving creams. Still, Castillo
continued to puzzle over this unusual man. ‘His Castillian was excellent, for
a foreigner, and was devoid of any accent. He had a very academic way of
talking,  carefully  worded,  and  lacking  any  regional  expressions  that  could
expose his origin . . . and expressed his ideas, always profound, with precise
words.’

A  favourite  topic  of  conversation  was  religion.  ‘It  is  my  belief,’  said
Weiss,  ‘that  all  religions  are  the  product  of  a  temporary  need  inherent  to
people.’  He  encouraged  Castillo,  nonetheless,  to  study  other  religions.
Although  impervious  when  asked  about  his  personal  or  emotional  life,  the
emotions of others fascinated him. He frequently asked Castillo to read aloud
the letters he received from his mother.

Cyril enjoyed the contents of the letters, and he stressed the notions of love, and of adherence to the
highest standards of respect for all human beings, that were in them.

His interest was centered in learning, in detail, about what united my mother and myself with such a
tremendous  bond  of  love,  besides  the  mother  and  son  relationship,  and  on  some  wholesome  advice
towards accepting things that cannot be changed by religion or advice; acceptance for things as they
are.

One day Weiss told Castillo that his headquarters had summoned him to
another country. ‘Surprised, I didn’t answer,’ said Castillo. ‘I was moved. For
the first time, his eyes expressed some feeling . . . He left pleasant memories,
and he was a good friend. But things didn’t end there . . .’11

OPERATION ANDROMEDA
In October 1969 Enrique Castillo returned to Bogotá, Colombia, owing to the
pending  death  of  his  mother,  and  soon  found  a  new  job  as  manager  of
Instelco, the telephone company. Until 1971 he regularly attended meetings
of the Mormon church, but resigned in disgust and disillusion when a young
negro boy he had taught for the priesthood was rejected for belonging to a
‘sinner’s race’ (a condemnation since rescinded by the Mormon church).12

One  Friday  afternoon  in  1973  Castillo  received  a  telephone  call  from  a
Mexican  woman  named  Karen,  who  explained  that  she  needed  to  discuss
matters of mutual interest. ‘She started talking about UFOs, and a message
that some “Martian” masters had supposedly sent me,’ said Castillo. ‘I took
this to be a jest from one of my friends [but] we agreed to meet in a well-
known ice-cream parlor on the north side of town.’13

The following afternoon, Karen arrived at the ice-cream parlour. Castillo
introduced  Alfonso  Blanco,  a  friend  who  was  interested  in  the  subject.
Immediately,  Karen  spoke  of  her  ‘Martian  masters’  who  had  given  her
Castillo’s telephone number, and about some courses run by another Mexican
lady called Marla, who also spread the teachings of her masters, as well as
‘techniques  for  communication  with  extraterrestrials’.  Castillo  agreed  to
arrange conference facilities for a three-day period, while Karen related her
experiences  with  the  ‘Martians’  to  a  group  of  people.  ‘Without  exception,’
said Castillo, ‘we were all baffled and stared at her in disbelief.’14

‘A  wave  of  protest  was  felt  all  around,’  said  Castillo.  ‘I  shared  in  this
feeling,  offended  and  disillusioned,  about  being fooled  by 
the “extraterrestrials”,  wasting  our  time.’  Nonetheless,  Castillo  decided  to  give
the promised individual communication a chance the following day. He asked
his wife to leave him in the house for a couple of hours and, towards noon, he
prepared pencil and paper and sat on the bed, beginning the special relaxation
and concentration exercises, as taught by Karen. Suddenly, at 12.25, he got a
shock.  ‘Enrique,  write!’  came  a  voice.  He  looked  outside  the  room,  but  no
one  was  there.  The  voice  repeated  the  instruction,  so  he  sat  down  and  put
pencil to paper. ‘Pages were filled at the speed that my hands permitted. A
strong  shivering  affected  my  whole  body,  and  a  strange  force  took  hold  of
me. I was so moved that I could no longer think.’


Despite scepticism about Karen and her teachings, Castillo attended further
meetings at various locations, during which some of the members – including
the medium Graciela Torres – purportedly received messages via ‘automatic
writing’  and  ‘direct  voice’,  now  originating  with  aliens  from  ‘Andromeda’
(the Andromeda Galaxy, lying a mere 2.3 million light years from Earth).

One  night,  in  October  1973,  members  of  the  group,  including  Castillo,
stood on top of a hill in a suburb north of Bogotá, having been told by the
‘masters’  to  prepare  for  a  physical  contact.  ‘We  are  here,  brothers,’
announced the Andromedans, through Torres. ‘We have decided that five of
you will come on board.’ Time passed and nothing happened, until midnight,
when  another  message  came  through.  ‘Brothers,  Operation  Andromeda  has
been cancelled. Please go home. Tomorrow at noon we will get in touch with
each of you.’

The messages related to the previous night’s meeting (the ‘poor behaviour’
of the group causing cancellation of the contact plan) and said there would be
no  contact  that  night  either  (another  attempt  had  been  planned),  but  that
‘other space brothers had already arrived’. A coming ‘Third World War’ was
also referred to. Staggering into the bathroom, still trembling, Castillo noted
his  eyes,  bloodshot  from  crying  uncontrollably,  and  a  strange  purple  line
around his nose and nails. Soon, however, he returned to normal.

The  next  day  Castillo learned that there  had indeed  been  no
communication. The group agreed that he had been selected in some way. At
a  meeting  a  few  days  later  he  had  begun  his  relaxation  technique  with  the
others, all looking at Torres, when suddenly he felt ‘that same buzzing sound’
and  a  voice  again  commanded  him  to  write.  ‘We  are  messengers  from  the
Pleiades,’ it said, ‘the same who gave knowledge to the Inca and other races.’
(The Pleiades is a cluster of between 300 and 500 stars, some 30 light years
across and 400 light years distant.) Castillo then fell into trance for half an
hour, oblivious to the message received through him. ‘The message read that
I  was  the  one  selected  in  Colombia  by  the  extraterrestrials  to  make  direct
physical contact on a date that they would give soon.’

Dr  Rafael  Contreras,  a  physician  who  participated  in  the  meetings,
examined  Castillo  and  pronounced  that,  apart  from  a  slightly  higher  than
normal heart rate, he was in good health, although for a while Castillo was
troubled  with  throbbing  headaches  each  time  he  fell  into  a  trance.  These
would  recede,  the  aliens  promised  him,  after  two  or  three  more  sessions.
Once, he was told that they were taking certain ‘measurements’ of his brain.
‘According to them, the vibration rate of my brain was 829 “valiums”[!]. I
thought  maybe  that  was  a  voltage,  the  natural  frequency  of  my  brain.
However,  they  never  clarified  this  point.’  That  is  hardly  surprising,  for
gobbledegook  typically  features  in  such  communications.  To  his  credit,
Castillo remained sceptical about the nature and purpose of his contacts.

Some  members  left  the  group  (called  the  Colombian  Institute  for  the
Investigation of Extraterrestrial Phenomena), convinced that the whole thing
was fraudulent, the manifestations of witchcraft, spiritism, or insanity. By the
end of October 1973 the ‘Pleiadians’ announced, through Castillo, the date
when they would establish physical contact with him.15

TAKEN ON BOARD
The  date  of  the  contact  was  to  be  3  November  1973,  although  only  an
undisclosed lake was given as the site of the encounter. In the event, Castillo
experienced a number of dreams in which he saw two faces pointing to a lake
surrounded by forests and hills. Later he was given precise co-ordinates and a
plan.  ‘I  was  told  to  follow  the  instructions  from  the  dreams,  for  finding  a
clearing. There should be a tree, and under its roots, hidden by a medium-
sized  stone,  I  should  find  a  sphere,  take  it  in  my  hand,  and  walk  to  the
designated place.’

Castillo travelled two and a half hours by bus, then walked for another two
hours until he satisfied himself that he had located the site, at the edge of a
lake (some 80 kilometres north of Bogotá). It was now sundown. Among a
group of trees he saw a medium-sized stone and ran towards it. There was the
sphere,  about  the  size  of  a  golf  ball,  which  he  picked  up.  ‘It  looked  like
stainless steel but was light in weight, ice cold, and its surface was punctured
by several small holes, as if it had been drilled by a very thin needle.’ Castillo
kept the sphere in his hand, looking at it constantly as he walked and paying
attention to the sky and the forest. Then he headed away from the lake shore
and into the trees, until it got dark.

Just before 20.00 the sphere began to feel unevenly warm, then tiny, dark-
blue  rays  of  light  emitted  from  it.  ‘The  light  emission  must  have  been
triggered  by  something,  because  it  was  increasing  [although]  never  hot
enough to burn my hands.’ At 20.10 there came a low, rumbling noise and
the  entire  area  was  flooded  as  if  by  direct  sunlight.  ‘I  perceived  two  craft
slowly moving above, some 200 meters above the trees . . .’

Water dripped from their slanting surfaces. They were huge, 40 or 45 meters in diameter, by 12 to 15 in
height.  Over  them,  I  could  discern  great  domes,  casting  a  surprising  luminosity.  The  temperature
changed noticeably. When they passed overhead, I felt heat. I was terrified. . . . They had been waiting
for me at the bottom of the lake . . . All nocturnal noises stopped, and time stood still. The momentary,
day-like illumination extinguished. The ships hovered about 100 meters from where I was. One of them
silently moved behind the other. Now there was no more light, just a small halo surrounding the closest
one  [which]  approached  .  .  .  Moving  slowly  and  swaying  slightly  from  side  to  side  .  .  .  it  shot
downwards two beams of light, strong orange in color [which] do not radiate like regular light does.
[Later]  I  saw  how  the  beams  of  light  retracted  until  reaching  the  bottom  of  the  craft,  apparently
‘absorbed’, or reeled in.

Two  silhouettes  slid  down  the  beams  until  they  disappeared  behind  the  trees  .  .  .  A  crackling  of
branches [and] dry leaves announced the arrival of the two beings. Ten meters from me, I noticed a
luminosity. They wore dull, lead-gray uniforms, orange or tangerine-colored boots, and helmets with
glasses that permitted seeing their eyes, as I noticed later . . . Their belts supported five odd-looking
buttons, three on their right side, and two on the left. Some of them were larger than the others, and two
emitted  light:  one  white,  the  other  green  .  .  .  They  both  approached  me.  I  smiled  nervously,  not
knowing what to do, [then] a voice was heard in my brain: ‘Enrique, don’t be afraid; we are incapable
of hurting you!’ My reaction was of fear, walking backwards three or four steps . . . until my back hit
against a tree . . . I heard the voice again: ‘. . . we are your friends . . . We are going to take you on
board. Don’t be afraid. If you don’t want to come in, it is all right, but we need this meeting; it is vital.’

Figure 6. A drawing based on the description given by Enrique Castillo Rincón of being taken aboard
an extraterrestrial spaceship, near an undisclosed lake north of Bogotá, Colombia, 3 November 1973.
(Jesús Alberto Balbi, Cuarta Dimensión, Argentina, 1975)

Castillo nodded, trying to control himself. The being on his right side came
closer.

A flexible, corrugated piece around his neck connected the helmet to the rest of the uniform. At the
height of the ears, some coiled cables protruded and went towards his back. Looking at his eyes, I heard
the voice say: ‘Come with us.’ They turned around, and I could see a backpack where the coiled cables
ended. At the tops of their helmets was something like an ‘electronic eye’. They walked ahead, and I
followed closely. The elegant but very masculine shape of their bodies emphasized their height: 1.78 to
1.80 meters tall. One of them placed himself at my side, and the other walked firmly ahead . . . We
arrived at a clearing, free of vegetation.

Castillo was told that he would now be ‘lifted’ on board.
The ship approached, as if having received a signal. The closest [astronaut] moved closer to me, and,
touching slightly my right arm and shoulder, said: ‘Enrique, I am your friend, don’t be afraid.’ When he
said this, I finally relaxed [and] felt a great peace of mind.

From the ship above, the orange light-beam was projected, which surrounded me about one meter
around. I noticed how small leaves and dirt particles on the ground jumped at the contact with the light.
A prickly sensation was felt through my whole body and my brain, like pins being stuck into my skin. I
left the ground and slowly ascended. When the tips of the trees were passed, I could see the lake. I went
up  about  50  meters,  feeling  a  terrible  ‘vacuum’  sensation  in  my  stomach.  I  moved  my  right  hand,
nervously, and felt that the light was ‘solid’, like glass . . . I kept on moving upwards. A gate opened
above me, I entered, and the light ray softly dropped me onto the floor of the ship . . .16

 
------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Jacobs, David M., Ph.D., Secret Life: Firsthand Accounts of UFO Abductions, Simon & Schuster, New York, 1992.
2. Jacobs, David M., The Threat, Simon & Schuster, London and New York, 1998.
3. Mack, John E., MD, Abduction: Human Encounters With Aliens, Simon & Schuster, London and New York, 1994.
4. Mack, John E., MD, Passport to the Cosmos: Human Transformation and Alien Encounters, Crown, New York, 1999.
5. Letter to the author from Enrique Castillo Rincón, 8 February 2000.
6. Castillo Rincón, Enrique, UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity, Blue Dolphin Publishing, PO Box 8, Nevada City, California 95959, USA, 1997, (ISBN 1–57733–000–5) translated by Hugo A. Castro from the Spanish original edition, OVNI: Gran Alborada Humana, published by Enrique Castillo Rincón, San José, Costa Rica, 1995.
7. Ibid., pp. 1–7.
8. Ibid., pp. 9–10.
9. Ibid., p. 13.
10. Ibid., pp. 20–1.
11. Ibid., pp. 24–31.
12. Ibid., pp. 31–2.
13. Ibid., pp. 35–6.
14. Ibid., pp. 37–8.
15. Ibid., pp. 38–47.
16. Ibid., pp. 48–53.


===================================================================================
Chapter 5. New Dimensions.

Enrique  Castillo  found  himself  deposited  in  an  empty,  hexagonal-shaped
room, illuminated by light from an unseen source that made no shadows. A
voice ordered him to undress. He took off his ruana (a kind of poncho) and
hat but kept his trousers on, the sphere still in his pocket, reluctant to undress
completely. ‘You have to undress; it is necessary’, insisted the voice. He did
so,  whereupon  a  blue-coloured  smoke,  smelling  similar  to  lemon  or  lime,
issued from the joint between walls and floor, filling the room in less than
five  seconds.  (In  the  famous  1957  case  involving  the  Brazilian  abductee,
Antônio Villas Boas, a greyish smoke came out of small metallic tubes in the
wall,  causing  him  to  vomit.  Castillo  remained  unaffected  by  it.)  Seconds
later, the smoke drained back through the same openings.1 He was informed
that  this  process  disinfected  him  from  whatever  microbes  he  might  have
brought in.2

Castillo looked about him for an exit, but there was nothing to indicate an
opening. The voice ordered him to get dressed. A door slid upwards ‘or bi-
parted  horizontally’  and  his  two  escorts  entered.  Speaking  in  Spanish,  one
introduced  Castillo  to  ‘Krunula’  (spelled  phonetically,  as  are  names  of  the
other  crew  members).  ‘I  extended  my  hand,  but  to  my  surprise,  he  only
touched it slightly and bowed slightly in salutation.’

The other being then introduced himself. ‘I am Cyril, Enrique . . . Don’t
you remember, in Caracas in 1969?’

It finally dawned on Castillo and he was overjoyed. Cyril explained that he
was a crew member of the ship and that his real name was ‘Krishnamerck’.
He asked Castillo to follow him. They entered a large, rounded room, with
translucent,  geometric-shaped  partitions  in  sections.  ‘Four  projections  from
the  floor  above  were  visible,  shaped  like  beams,’  Castillo  reports.  ‘There
were two columns, which had the appearance of plastic. The chairs where we
sat seemed leather lined . . . shaping themselves to one’s body, and moving to
the  correct  height  for  comfort.  Several  pictures  decorated  the  walls,  some
representing  strange  animals  .  .  .  And  there  were  space  themes  –  stars,
planets, and stellar routes . . .’

Four other crewmen – one the ‘commander’ (‘Kramier’) – sat in front of a
large table, made of a transparent material ‘like the white of a raw egg’. Two
wore reddish-brown, and the others silver uniforms. Castillo was incredulous
about Cyril’s claimed origin. ‘His features were slightly changed, with more
prominent cheekbones and thinner, almost non-existent lips; when he smiled,
he  showed  perfect  teeth.  His  nose  looked  very  straight,  his  eyes  a  little
slanted and deep blue. His long hair reached to his shoulders and was truly
yellow.’ The others were similar.

Their height and features were almost identical, with yellow hair and perfect skin, like a baby’s. Their
foreheads were ample and their chins straight. They had no wrinkles, blemishes, or moles. One of them
turned  his  head  and  I  could  see  the  perfection  of  his  ears.  Without  being  athletic,  their  bodies  were
perfectly shaped . . . their hands were white and silky, the fingers a little longer than normal.3

ORIGIN
Replies  to  Castillo’s  questions,  expressed  either  verbally  or  mentally,  were
often received telepathically. The crewmen claimed to be emissaries from the
Pleiades. Castillo asked where that was. ‘You say that it is 328 light years
away from here, which is not true.4 We are over 500 light years away,’ came
the response. Castillo later checked in books and found the figures of 328 or
410  light  years.5  In  more  recent  years,  astrophysicists  tend  to  accept  a
distance  of  400  light  years.  As  mentioned  in  the  previous  chapter,  the
Pleiades (or ‘Seven Sisters’) is actually a cluster comprising between 300 and
500 stars, some 30 light years across. By astronomical standards it is young,
about 50 million years old, and contains some massive bright stars.6

Castillo  asked  his  hosts  to  describe  their  solar  system.  ‘It  is  made  up  of
three suns,’ they replied. ‘Two of them rotate around a larger sun. A total of
43 planets orbit around the three suns. We come from one of those planets,
which are not all inhabited. We are still establishing colonies. We call our sun
SHI-EL-HO, and we live on the fourth and fifth planets . . .’7

That  even  a  few  planets,  let  alone  43,  might  have  developed  in  such  a
young cluster of stars seems ludicrous. That life might have arisen on those
planets in the relatively short space of time implied here is equally unlikely,
especially in a triple-star system, where the planets would have erratic orbits,
either too close or too distant from the stars.8

‘When did you leave your planet?’ asked Castillo.
‘We just left it,’ came the astonishing reply. ‘For you, it was millions of
years ago, when your planet had not the conditions for intelligent life. For us,
we just left.’

Bemused, Castillo asked if this had anything to do with Einstein’s theories
of relativity. Back came the response:

. . . the speed of light is not 300,000 kilometers per second. It is closer to 400,000 . . . light slows down
in the atmosphere, because of the electrostatic, electric, or ionized layers of the planet, the belt that you
call ‘Van Allen’, and other fields not yet detected by your scientists, which have the shape of two apple
halves.9

DISCOURSE
Castillo was invited to visit various interconnected sections of the craft. First
came a circular-shaped ‘relaxation room’, with several cushions on the floor.
In  another  room  were  large,  slightly  slanted  flasks,  which  appeared  to  be
hermetically sealed. Castillo learned that the flasks contained chlorophyll, a
substance vital to their alimentary system, which they obtained on our planet
and used in the preparation of their food.10

It is chlorophyll extract, which we take from forests and jungles . . . We eat, the same as you do. We are
very  fond  of  the  fruit  cultivated  in  the  southern  part  of  [this]  continent  –  peaches,  grapes  .  .  .  We
‘borrow’ the fruit from some of the farms, and then, by night, with certain ionizing rays, we speed up
the growth of the fruit. A few hours later, the fruits are ripe for picking . . . We carry out a directed
alteration  of  plant  metabolism  .  .  .  Aboard  our  ships,  we  operate  laboratories  to  process  all  of  our
foods . . . We need this type of food because we have stopped the process of mitosis [division of body
cells]. We have a technique for keeping alive the cells, stopping the ageing process.11

In  Alien  Base  I  recount  the  experiences  of  Ludwig  Pallmann,  a  German
businessman who claimed to have been taken to an alien base in 1967 in the
Amazon  jungle,  on  the  borders  of  Brazil  and  Peru.  It  is  of  interest  to  note
that,  as  with  Castillo,  the  aliens  encountered  by  Pallmann  claimed  a  keen
interest  in  various  terrestrial  fruits,  many  of  which  they  hybridized  at  their
base.12

‘We have technological and cultural exchange with thousands of inhabited
planets,’  continued the  commander.  ‘We  often  also  exchange  raw
materials . . . We do not explore your planet, because we have had bases here
for thousands of years.’ Other civilizations, however, did explore Earth, he
declared.13 The commander then explained that Castillo had been ‘followed’
for eight years.14

We are here carrying out a very special mission. We belong to a very developed civilization, sister to
others, from which we have received specific orders regarding Planet Earth. From antiquity, we have
contacted other men, belonging to various cultures. We have influenced their thinking through what
you call ‘Masters’. But not only on this planet, also on others; we have contributed to their scientific,
cultural, and spiritual development. Besides, some of us have been ‘born’ here, or incarnated, if you
prefer, since ancient times.15

We are here because we know about the calamities that will overrun Planet Earth – one of them, the
Third World War. It is not far away; we know the date, but we cannot interfere . . . You must learn to
live in peace and harmony, but you have to do it by yourselves, and that implies gaining a new level of
conscience. Perhaps the greatest discovery that Earthlings will make, will be to know God . . . You
believe in a completely mistaken concept of God.16

Castillo was taken via a spiral staircase to another floor, the third, where the
control room was located. What appeared to be maps came out of the wall.
The control panel, with lights that blinked on and off, like neon signs, must have had something to do
with the maps. These appeared to be marked with multicolored lights, representing zones. Some were
well-defined lights, and others were without apparent function, picturing galaxies, nebulae, suns, and
planets . . . The Commander located Planet Earth on a Milky Way quite different from what we know
in pictures. A pulsing light distinguished the planet from other bodies, located quite a distance away.17

Castillo was astonished to discover that the craft had been in flight all the
time he had been on board. He had felt nothing at all. ‘They took me to a
special  panel,  where  a  visor  opened  like  the  lids  of  an  eye,  revealing  a
concave  screen.  I  sat  in  front  of  the  visor,  on  a  fixed  chair.  One  of  my
companions, who was operating the controls, adjusted them and invited me to
look through them . . . I moved them somewhat, until I could see with perfect
clarity . . .’ What he saw was his own house.

I was dumbfounded; it was a sort of telescope, incorporating a beam of light, capable of penetrating the
roofs and walls of buildings. I could see my family sleeping, and the dog seemed to notice something,
barking and moving about nervously . . . When I moved the levers the wrong way, a neighbor’s house
became  visible  .  .  .  We  kept  on  going  at  a  steady  speed.  I  could  identify  68th  Avenue,  a  major
thoroughfare in Bogotá . . .

Cyril provided additional information.

Making our ships invisible, camouflaging them above your cities, thanks to a special vibratory field, we
fly practically above your heads, yet you do not notice it. We fool your radars, creating confusion with
our  maneuvers.  We  handle  our  ships  whatever  way  we  want  to.  Those  are  the  advantages  of  our
technology. On the other hand, we have people on the ground, blended with the humans, who daily
walk the streets and avenues of your large and small towns, as in my instance back in 1969. Many of us
are among you . . .18

MIND-MACHINE INTEGRATION
Through a window ‘embedded in a metal wall’, Castillo observed the craft’s
propulsion  system.  ‘In  the  innards  of  the  ship,  a  group  of  three  great
diamonds  or  crystals  rotated  slowly  around  a  vertical  shaft  extending  from
ceiling to floor, which turned also, in the opposite direction. The colors and
shades of the shaft surface were like a kaleidoscope of pure crystal.’

‘Those  are  crystals,  not  diamonds,’  explained  the  commander.  ‘We  call
them  “memory  crystals”;  they  are  programmable  and  receive  information
from  the  “main  transducer”  [the  rotating  shaft].  We  also  call  them  “living
crystals”.  We  obtain  them  on  a  certain  planet,  where  they  grow  and
reproduce.’  The  crystals  also  rotated  around  themselves,  Castillo  noticed,
united to a base that also turned around the main transducer. He calculated
the crystals to be around 70 centimetres in diameter. His request to increase
the speed of the crystals was turned down flatly. ‘It is not possible while you
are here on board,’ the commander explained. ‘If we speed up the rotation for
only two minutes, when you get off the ship, more than 200 Earth years will
have elapsed.’ Castillo became alarmed. What if such a thing should happen
accidentally? The commander put his fears at rest.

That is not possible while you are on here on board. I am the one who commands the ship mentally, and
we have thus reduced the possibilities for error. If something should happen to me, other members of
the  crew  have  authority  to  carry  out  the  mind-machine  integration,  where  the  coupling  takes  place
directly by means of mental impulses, to the ‘transducer and crystals’ program. The mental energy that
we deliver is translated as flight energy. That is why we told you that ‘we have just left’. For us, the
time factor is not a problem; we live in a present that modifies the future. That is why the future is
‘malleable’  and  cannot  be  predicted  with  certainty.  Not  so  the  past;  that  is  already  history  and  is
unmodifiable.19

Directed to a ladder going up a walkway, Castillo arrived in a huge hall, at
the  centre  of  which  rotated  the  ‘kaleidoscope’  or  ‘transducer’.  Twelve
crewmen  were  present,  eight  dressed  in  the  reddish-brown  uniforms,  the
others in dull-grey. Suddenly 12 chairs, similar to dentists’ chairs, emerged
from the floor, located in a circle around the transducer.

From the ceiling dropped 12 helmets, similar to motorcycle helmets, which descended onto the heads
of each of the crew members, as soon as they sat in their chairs. The four with the different uniform sat
precisely equidistant. They held hands in ‘padlock fashion’, each one holding the arm of the next, until

the circle was complete . . . This ritual lasted perhaps one minute; then the helmets retracted up into the
ceiling,  the  company  stood  up  and  released  each  other’s  hands,  and  the  chairs  collapsed  into  the
floor . . . They said that I had seen them liberate their mental energy to the transducer, where it would
be converted into flight energy!20

In  his  controversial  book,  The  Day  After  Roswell,  Lieutenant-Colonel
Philip  J.  Corso,  who  served  on  President  Eisenhower’s  National  Security
Council  staff,  the  sensitive  Operations  Coordination  Board  (later  known  as
the ‘Special Group’ or ‘54/12 Committee’), and the US Army Staff’s foreign
technology  division,  claimed  to  have  stewarded  the  transfer  of  alien
technology acquired from the craft recovered near Roswell, New Mexico, in
July 1947. Corso stated that the great rocket scientist, Dr Hermann Oberth,
‘suggests  we  consider  the  Roswell  craft  .  .  .  not  a  spacecraft  but  a  time
machine’.21 Oberth speculated that ‘This was a time/dimensional travel ship
that  didn’t  traverse  large  distances  in  space.  Rather,  it  “jumped”  from  one
time/space to another or from one dimension to another and instantly returned
to its point of origin.’22

Also  pertinent  to  Castillo’s  claims  are  Corso’s  allegations  that  the  aliens
recovered  from  Roswell  ‘used  some  form  of  brain-wave  control  for
navigation’, according to the scientists who examined the artefacts at Norton
Air  Force  Base,  California,  and  Wright  Field,  Ohio.  ‘There  were  no
conventional  technological  explanations  for  the  way  the  Roswell  craft’s
propulsion system operated,’ said Corso.

The  craft  was  able  to  displace  gravity  through  the  propagation  of  a  magnetic  wave,  controlled  by
shifting the magnetic poles around the craft so as to control, or vector, not a propulsion system but the
repulsion  force  of  like  charges  .  .  .23  Among  the  artifacts  we  retrieved  were  devices  that  looked
something like headbands . . . these devices were a very sophisticated mechanism for translating the
electrical impulses inside the creatures’ brains into specific commands. Perhaps these headband devices
comprised  the  pilot  interface  of  the  ship’s  navigation  and  propulsion  system  .  .  .24  The  analysts  at
Wright Field believed that the sensors on the headbands corresponded with points on the multi-lobed
alien  brain  that  generated  low-frequency  waves,  so  the  headbands  formed  an  integral  part  of  the
circuit.25

Corso also claimed that raised panels on the ‘flight deck’ had indentations for
the creatures’ hands, speculating that these, too, were related to the pilot/craft
propulsion  interface.26  Desmond  Leslie,  co-author  of  Flying  Saucers  Have
Landed, written with George Adamski, the American contactee, told me that
in the early 1960s Adamski had revealed to him in strict confidence that the
spacecraft  he  flew  in  were  operated  by  ‘mental  control’.  ‘It  was  a  small
platinum gadget fixed to the forehead,’ said Desmond. ‘George drew for my
children  pictures  of  these  handprint  things,  similar  to  those  described  in
Corso’s book.’27

Only in recent years has a similar technique been considered for practical
application in our own aircraft. In 1999 it was reported that researchers at the
Defence Evaluation and Research Agency (DERA) in Farnborough, England
are developing a method to help fighter pilots fly jets by thought power. As
James Geary reports:

DERA’s ‘cognitive cockpit’ research program is intended to give pilots the ability to control key flight
systems simply by looking at or thinking about the appropriate icons on a computer screen . . . This
technology would not only permit hands-free operation of crucial functions, but also give pilots quicker
response  times  during  complex  and  often  dangerous  manoeuvres.  Pilots  inside  a  future  cognitive
cockpit may have electrodes embedded in their helmets to monitor brain waves . . .28

A MIXED BLESSING
At  one  stage  Castillo  was  offered  food.  This  consisted  of  something  like  a
chocolate  bar,  its  flavour  similar  to  that  of  ‘zabajón’,  a  Colombian  drink
made  of  milk,  eggs,  sugar  and  anis-flavoured  liqueur,  then  a  food  that  he
learned  was  made  from  four  cereals,  two  of  which  exist  on  Earth  –
supposedly the ‘manna’ referred to in the Bible. Although the food sustained
Castillo for 24 hours, the initial effect induced drowsiness.29 He was escorted
to sleeping quarters.

‘Four beds appeared before us. Cyril told me to choose one . . . The bed
was very soft and yielding, the surface leather-like. It conformed to the shape
of  my  body  as  I  shifted  positions.’  He  was  awakened  by  a  ‘mental  order’
from his hosts. ‘Please excuse the way we have awakened you,’ said Cyril
and Krunula. ‘We are going to give you some final information, because the
time is approaching to drop you where we picked you up . . . a Third World
War  is  inevitable.  Men  will  have  a  four-year  grace  period  to  attempt  to
attenuate  it,  in  accordance  with  your  behavior.  Only  the  mental  state  of
mankind can ease its effects . . .’

With this doom-laden prophecy in mind, Castillo was taken again to the
main control room, where through the wide window he watched the scenery
change  from  large  valleys  covered  with  rich  vegetation,  to  low,  flat  lands.
This, Castillo was told, was ‘Los Llanos Orientales’ (the ‘Eastern Prairies’).

A  particular  area  was  flown  over  several  times,  so  that  Castillo  could
memorize it for the next rendezvous – 18 November 1973 at 20.00. He then
was lowered via the light beam to the ground. His watch had stopped during
the contact, but he guessed it was around 05.00. Two hours later, at sunrise,
he headed back to Bogotá.

‘From that moment on, my transformation was total,’ Castillo reports. ‘All
my  ideas  about  the  world,  life,  and  religion  toppled,  taking  on  new
dimensions.’ He found it difficult to discuss the experience with his family,
particularly  his  wife,  from  whom  he  became  estranged.  Members  of  the
group reacted emotionally to his report, some elevating him to the status of a
biblical prophet, much to his chagrin. He also revealed his experiences at a
public  meeting.  Some  days  later  Castillo  reluctantly  agreed  to  an  interview
with a journalist from the newspaper El Tiempo, Humberto Díez. The story
was published in a series of articles over a four-day period. Enrique Castillo
Rincón  now  became  famous  throughout  Latin  America.  It  was  to  prove  a
mixed blessing.

Among  numerous  letters  Castillo  received  was  one  from  Rear  Admiral
Daniel  Gómez  of  Venezuela,  who  described  in  detail  messages  that
supposedly  had  been  transmitted  by  an  extraterrestrial  being  from  the
Pleiades  during  meetings  of  a  group  similar  to  the  one  in  Bogotá.  ‘Our
messages  were  quite  similar  to  those  reported  by  the  Venezuelans,  in  fact,
almost  identical,’  said  Castillo,  ‘and  there  had  been  no  communication
between two  groups.’ Castillo  continued to  receive the telepathic communications, 
which  often caused  severe headaches.  His  communicators
forbade him to take any medicine and advised honey, coconut, nuts, fish and
all foods rich in iron and phosphorus. The headaches stopped.

Following  the  articles  in  El  Tiempo,  caravans  of  UFO  believers  invaded
the lakes surrounding Bogotá and the nearby state of Boyacá, hoping for a
sight of the alien craft. ‘People in Colombia began to assume the location had
been at Guatavita Lake, a deep lake where primitive peoples used to make
religious  offerings,’  said  Castillo.  ‘Honoring  the  request  of  the  ship’s
occupants, I have never mentioned the name of the lake or revealed its exact
location.’  People  from  all  walks  of  life  flocked  to  Castillo.  ‘Some  of  them
mistook me for a spiritual master . . . as quickly as these people arrived, they
also left, as soon as they realized that I was not.’30

CONTACT RENEWED
On  18  November  1973  Castillo  made  his  way  via  an  interstate  bus  to
Villavicencio, capital of ‘Los Llanos’, thence by local bus to the nearby town
of  Apiay,  where  he  hired  a  native  guide  to  take  him  on  horseback  to  the
specified location, Fulanos de Tal.31 At first reluctant to leave Castillo alone
in such a remote location, the guide eventually left. At 20.00 Castillo steeled
himself for the expected encounter. Nothing happened.

Hours went by. Finally, at 03.00, numerous illuminated objects appeared,
one  of  which  detached  from  the  rest  and  approached  slowly  in  a  zigzag
fashion and performed an astonishing series of manoeuvres before landing on
three  supports  about  60  metres  away.  The  other  lights  disappeared.  It  was
quite different from the previous craft, of a rather peculiar shape, around 7.5
metres in diameter and 3.5 metres high. A metallic ladder emerged, leaving a
narrow,  illuminated  opening,  in  which  a  human-shaped  silhouette  could  be
discerned. Castillo started to run towards the craft, but a deep voice ordered
him to stop, then beckoned him to approach slowly. It was Cyril.

He invited me to walk up the six steps of the ladder. When I extended my arm to greet him, he stepped
back  and  motioned  me  to  stop  between  the  last  step  and  the  door  .  .  .  A  very  bright  blue  flash  of
lightning  shone  briefly,  covering  my  whole  body  for  several  seconds.  My  hands  and  clothing
fluoresced, and I assume my face did, too. It was a little annoying and gave me a feeling that was hard
to describe . . . I understood that the blue light was part of another cleaning or sterilizing system, quite
different from the [previous] one.

No explanation for the delay was given, although Castillo sensed that he was
being ‘tested’. On board were two other very different beings, with ‘avocado-
shaped heads’, dressed in one-piece, ample overalls. They smiled constantly.
‘I  got  up  to  greet  them,  but  they  just  bowed,  without  extending  their
hands  .  .  .  These  little  men  were  bald,  with  pale  brunet  skin,  seemingly
completely  coated  with  an  oil  film,  so  shiny  were  their  heads.  They  were
about 1.5 meters tall, well-proportioned, with large normal eyes, normal ears,
Greek nose, and prominent jaw. They [wore] short sleeves that exposed their
shiny arms.’

The  beings,  declared  Cyril,  came  from  Mercury.  Incredulous,  Castillo
commented  on  Mercury’s  immense  temperature  contrasts,  precluding  the
possibility of life as we know it. ‘You would be astonished’, answered Cyril,
‘at  the  civilizations  that  have  flourished  there.’  Castillo  was  indeed
astonished.32

THE MOTHER SHIP
Via a spiral stairway Castillo was taken to the second level, which he found
rather cramped.

We entered the navigation room, which was covered by a transparent dome . . . outside of the ship I did
not notice the transparency of the dome and figured that it was like one-way glass.

The room seemed disconcertingly simple. The controls were located on a semi-oval table with a few
buttons and other instruments. A medium-sized screen was embedded at the center. Two chairs were in
front . . . The stellar panorama unfolded before us, under a breathtakingly starry sky. The dome gave
the impression of metal fused to glass . . . What seemed like a huge diamond with many facets was
located at one side of the control table. At its base, several needles pointed at strange symbols . . .

Cyril announced that the craft was on its way to the ‘mother ship’. One of the
other beings took Castillo to a closet on the first floor and gestured to him to
put on a uniform, which stretched to fit him perfectly. Then, from the control
room,  a  gigantic  craft  came  into  view,  appearing  to  Castillo  like  a  ‘flying
whale’. A hatch opened, from which came intense light.

No  sharp  movements  were  felt.  Our  ship  entered  the  opening  snugly,  moving  up  through  it  until  it
reached  its  parking  spot  inside.  Our  ship’s  transparent  dome  [opened]  automatically,  permitting  the
insertion of a ladder that dropped from above into the control room. Cyril climbed it quickly, asking me
to  follow  him  up  a  ramp  or  ascending  corridor.  [He]  walked  rapidly,  taking  long  strides,  until  we
reached a level, metallic hall, with some . . . labyrinthine passageways leading elsewhere. I noticed an
emblem in high relief, of a winged serpent holding [what looked like] an egg . . .

Upon a metal table were samples of rocks, soil, sand, seeds and fragments of
vegetation.  ‘The  samples  were  classified  and  separated  by  partitions  and
labeled by lettering or symbols utterly meaningless to me,’ Castillo reports.
‘In front of the table was a half-moon-shaped special chair, where I sat. It was
built so  that it  could turn  from  side-to-side and  also slide  upon a  track.’  A
door  opened  and  Cyril  entered,  accompanied  by  four  others,  whom  he  had
encountered during his first trip.

In  the  majority  of  accounts  involving  trips  aboard  spacecraft,  seldom  do
contactees  report  the  need  to  go  to  the  toilet.  There  are  a  number  of
exceptions, one being Howard Menger 33 and another Enrique Castillo. Cyril
accompanied Castillo to a room with a partition, explained the procedure and
left  him  alone.  ‘Pushing  a  lever,  something  emerged  from  the  wall  with  a
“funnel”, shaped like a lotus flower at its end,’ said Castillo. ‘I urinated there
and felt a suction or vacuum. An amber liquid carried away the waste . . .
When  done,  a  delicious  scent  emerged  from  the  funnel.  Upon  leaving  the
room, the contraption disappeared back into the wall.’

In  the  hall,  Castillo  claims  to  have  encountered  yet  another  thoroughly
unbelievable  being,  a  giant  of  a  man  no  less  than  three  metres  tall.  ‘His
features were remarkably similar to those of a common terrestrial. All was
proportional  in  size.  His  skin  was  grayish,  his  hands,  hairy,  with  normal
fingers,  shaped  at  the  tips  like  spatulae.  He  dressed  in  a  dull  gray
uniform . . .’ His origin? Why, Jupiter, of course! ‘There are great lakes there,
made  of  water,’  said  Cyril.  ‘Other  lakes  are  of  liquid  methane.  The
inhabitants live in cities furnished with tremendous technology, which makes
them very safe.’34

The idea of humanoids actually living on Jupiter is preposterous. Although
‘tremendous technology’ conceivably might protect the inhabitants from the
elements of this, the largest planet in our solar system, the surface is not even
solid:  basically,  Jupiter  is  a  giant  ball  of  gas.  Assuming  some  truth  in  the
account, I think it more likely that Cyril was referring to Jupiter’s moons (of
which there are sixteen), rather than the planet per se, because, following this
statement, he is reported to have said: ‘This race comes specifically from a
satellite moon, where we also have bases. Thus, I can tell you that there are
two inhabited satellites.’35 In Alien Base, I published, for the first time, the
story  of  ‘Joëlle’,  a  friend  of  mine  who  claimed  a  series  of  contacts  with
human-type extraterrestrials in 1963–4. They, too, stated that they had bases
on Earth (some in South America) and on two moons of Jupiter.36 Although
water-ice  covers  the  surface  of  several  of  Jupiter’s  largest  moons  –
Ganymede, Europa and Callisto – this hardly endorses Cyril’s ‘great lakes of
water’, however.

By  all  accounts  Castillo  is  regarded  as  an  honest  man  who  questions
everything that happened during his contacts. I told him I did not believe in
his  Jupiterian  giant  (smelling  appropriately  of  methane!).  ‘Did  this  really
happen?’ I asked. ‘Is it possible that you added certain fictional things?’

‘Not at all,’ he replied. ‘In all honesty, it is absolutely true. I have told my
story  just  as  it  happened,  without  exaggerating  or  inventing  anything.’37  I
remain incredulous.

At one stage, when Castillo took out his Parker pen to jot down a question,
Cyril asked to show it to the others, eliciting considerable interest. Castillo
then  was  asked  to  pick  up  a  small  tube,  about  12  centimetres  long  and  12
millimetres in diameter, connected to a thin flexible cable and some plastic-

like paper. ‘Draw whatever you want to,’ came the instruction. He decided on
a butterfly. After the first few strokes with the strange pen, which ended in a
small  sphere,  a  full-colour  image  of  a  butterfly  appeared,  just  as  he  had
imagined  it.  ‘It  was  incredible;  the  little  pen  interpreted  my  thoughts  with
astounding fidelity [and] it was three-dimensional.’38

There followed a lengthy discourse, during which Cyril elaborated on his
predictions relating to a Third World War, prophecies he conceded (perhaps
conveniently) were ‘difficult to place in time’.

The great war will be preceded by a shorter one . . . At first, no nuclear weapons will be used . . . Pay
much attention to environmental changes, the ozone layer, the weakness of your leaders, and their lack
of credibility, the loss of religious values, which the ‘religious’ claim to have, the growth of crime, and
the lack of countermeasures against it. No government on Earth will be able to win the battle against
crime  and  insecurity  .  .  .  We  cannot  intervene  directly  [but]  we  can  subtly  implant  ideas  in  some
people’s minds, placed in certain positions.

‘But can’t you show up more frequently, in the eyes of the people?’ asked
Castillo. ‘Or at least initiate a direct contact with the leaders of the planet?’

‘We will answer these questions for you in some other way,’ replied Cyril.
‘Come, follow me.’39

HUMAN REACTIONS
The two boarded another craft, identical to the one in which they had arrived
on  the  mother  ship,  and  were  joined  by  the  other  two,  smaller  beings.  The
craft  left  the  mother  ship  and  slipped  into  space.  ‘We  are  going  to  answer
your  first  question,  why  we  do  not  contact  people  in  general,’  said  Cyril.
‘Watch  carefully.’40  The  craft  approached  an  area  near  where  Castillo  had
been picked up.

It  must  have  been  about  05.30.  In  the  farms  of  the  plains,  many  people  get  up  early  to  feed  their
animals and milk cows. The small craft made a circle over some people below. There were two men
milking cows in a small shed behind a house. They saw the bright light and jumped up, the cow kicked
one  and  knocked  over  the  pail  of  milk,  and  both  men  ran  like  they  had  seen  the  devil.  We  shot  up
rapidly behind some clouds where they couldn’t see us. Then the farmer came out and the two men
pointed up, moving their arms excitedly. A woman came out, drying her hands, and a child of about
eight years, and they all looked up but couldn’t see anything.

‘Yes, we have caused panic, but these people are farmers,’ said Castillo.

‘Now  we  will  try  an  experiment  with  slightly  different  people,’  rejoined
Cyril. The craft headed towards a highway. Various types of transport passed,
then a car approached, with no sign of any other traffic for miles around. The
craft positioned itself about 300 metres above the car.

. . . Through an electronic apparatus, I could see that inside the auto were two men with suitcoats and
loosened ties. One was driving while the other sat at his side, talking. In the rear seat another man had
his collar turned up and was sleeping. The gentlemen seemed to be cultured middle-class people, from
their dress and [the] appearance of their car. We descended in front and hovered alongside the road.
They  were  so  surprised  to  see  us  so  unexpectedly  that  the  two  in  front  opened  their  doors  to  exit,
running. The other, knowing nothing of what was taking place, fell off the seat when the driver hit the
brakes. He stuck his head out the window and yelled something, because I saw his mouth open. When
he saw our craft . . . he got out running and tore his coat trying to go through a barbed-wire fence.

‘Do  you  think  that  answers  the  question?’  said  Cyril.41  ‘We  are  going  to
answer the other question, as to why we don’t contact directly the leaders and
governmental heads of the Earth.’ The craft ascended to a great altitude and
within  a  short  time  arrived  above  the  African  continent,  where  it  was
afternoon.  ‘The  leaders  talk  about  lovely  things,  referring  to  human  rights,
and especially to children, and to hunger around the world,’ Cyril continued,
‘and fill the hearts of the people with hope. But the sad reality is different.
Look at the observation screen . . .’

In an African country that I could not identify [I observed as] a long line of women, children, and old
people waited for handouts . . . Children with their swollen bellies were eating some of the food, while
swarms of flies crawled over their bodies and faces. Pregnant women looked absentmindedly at their
offspring, debilitated by hunger. At an ambulance of the Red Cross International, two doctors and two
nurses  attended  the  sick  .  .  .  The  line  was  respected,  thanks  to  the  help  of  some  members  of  the
army . . . All was desolation and ruin.

‘The  spiritual  and  political  leaders,  not  only  of  Africa,  but  of  the  whole
world, take advantage of this situation,’ Cyril went on, ‘basing their promises
on clear examples such as this one you have seen. We do not contact those
we don’t trust . . . concerned with only their power and prestige.’

As the sun set on the sad scene, Cyril stressed that only radical changes
could ameliorate the situation, echoing what has repeatedly been voiced by
terrestrial  observers.  Although  many  individuals  and  organizations  did  all
they could, fighting for effective birth control, education and so on, he stated,
‘They face the opposition of the caste system in the more backward countries,
and  of  deeply  engrained  religious  dogmas.’  Cyril  also  declared  that  ‘to
accelerate  human  evolution’  our  political  systems  would,  in  many  years,
eventually  have  to  be  replaced,  as  would  dependence  on  specific  religious
organizations.42

RETURN
The  craft  returned  to  the  mother  ship.  A  ramp  underneath  opened  slowly.
Docking was accomplished in a manner different from the previous occasion.
‘While entering, all controls in our small craft were off,’ Castillo observed.
‘A strong suction or pull controlled our direction and speed . . . During the
whole  trip,  I  didn’t  feel  any  movement,  but  now,  a  rhythmic  swaying  was
noticeable. A mild electric shock was felt.’ This, Cyril explained, was due to
an electromagnetic field for ‘cleaning’ the craft. They arrived in a very large
hangar.

During the next few hours Castillo claims to have seen a robot, with some
human features, and – for the first time – women, with tight-fitting suits and
decidedly  feminine  features.  ‘Their  golden  hair  framed  the  most  beautiful
faces I had ever seen,’ Castillo enthused. ‘As tall as the men, perhaps 1.75
meters,  they  swayed  their  incredibly  beautiful  bodies  while  walking.  They
approached our table, but nobody stood up, as if gentlemanly manners did not
exist.’ One woman greeted Castillo in rather poor Spanish. They stayed for
about two minutes then, with a slight bow, departed through sliding doors.43

Castillo  retired  to  some  sleeping  quarters,  which  included  an  individual
cubicle with a ‘capsule-bed’. He noticed that there were no sharp 90-degree
intersections  between  the  ceiling  and  walls.  Awakened  by  Cyril  nine  hours
later, he joined the commander and some of the other crew members for a
lengthy  discourse.  Among  subjects  raised  was  the  silence  of  governments
regarding  the  extraterrestrial  presence.  ‘The  miserly  minds  of  some
politicians  and  organizations  have  profited  by  this  forced  silence,’  claimed
the  commander,  ‘capitalizing  in  their  favour  on  the  time  factor,  in  order  to
obtain  superior  technology  and  progress  never  dreamed  of  before,  through
investigations into genetic engineering and medicine.’

Some governments, military, and scientific groups have already achieved considerable progress in this
direction  .  .  .  Some  ‘crashes’  of  ‘explorer  ships’  belonging  to  other  races  have  taken  place  here  on
Earth, from where the lifeless bodies were extracted. On other occasions, living crew members have
been captured and kept captive by the military of some of your governments, and subjected to merciless
interrogations,  forcing  them  to  reveal  formulae  and  knowledge  on  several  scientific  specialties  .  .  .
developments  such  as  exist  on  Earth  in  the  fields  of  electronic  technology,  computers,  medicine,
genetic engineering, and science in general do not normally develop in such a short time. Therefore, it
must be imported.

Escorted by Cyril back to one of the small craft and accompanied by the
two smaller beings, Castillo was returned to an area not far from Bogotá. He
had been away for about 26 hours.44

ENTER THE VENUSIANS
Castillo  and  the  group  continued  to  communicate  telepathically  with  an
assortment  of  entities,  including  Cyril.  With  the  help  of  Karen  and  a  new
medium from Cali, some ‘Venusian’ beings, with silly names like ‘Orhion’
(suspiciously similar to George Adamski’s ‘Orthon’) came through. ‘I could
not  understand  how  they  could  be  Venusian,’  Castillo  reports,  ‘if  scientific
data from space probes showed that there is no life on that planet. Was it a
trick . . .?’

At  the  end  of  December  1973,  as  a  demonstration  of  their  powers,  the
beings promised to remove the smog from Bogotá, surrounding the city with
low,  dark  clouds  and  an  electric  storm  with  rain  and  wind,  from  10.30  to
13.00.  Castillo  took  the  chance  of  revealing  this  information  to  Humberto
Díez, the journalist. On the predicted day the weather was perfect, causing
some disillusionment among the group. But by 10.30 a strong wind started to
blow.  ‘Within  15  minutes,’  reports  Castillo,  ‘the  sky  became  completely
overcast, and powerful lightning bolts and thunder echoed over the city . . .
Rain poured, flooding the streets.’ At precisely 13.00 the rain stopped. ‘They
had come from a base somewhere on this planet,’ Castillo claimed. ‘They had
had to “close” the city in order to hide the [three] ships while they carried out
the cleaning of the air by means of gigantic “aspirators”, which removed the
smog.’45

Whoever  they  were  and  wherever  they  came  from,  the  extraterrestrials
apparently  had  delivered  as  promised,  with  a  demonstration  of  biblical
proportions.  It  will  be  recalled  from  Chapter  1  that  a  demonstration  of  the
aliens’  ability  to  control  local  weather  was  given  to  the  meteorologist,
Rubens  Villela,  a  demonstration  he  found  thoroughly  convincing.  ‘I  was  a
witness  of  such  events  in  Limeira,  Brazil,  in  November  1978,’  he  told  me,
‘when  some  abnormal  clouds  and  wind  gusts  appeared  for  no  apparent
reason.’46

ENTER THE AMERICANS

In February 1974 two North Americans, accompanied by a Latin-American
interpreter,  met  Castillo,  by  arrangement,  in  Bogotá.  The  Americans
expressed great interest in his contact story, which they had learned about in
the newspaper articles, and asked Castillo if he would accept an invitation to
visit Washington, DC, for a few days, all expenses paid, to participate in a
series of tests to determine the veracity of his story and to compare it with
other  cases  they  had  studied,  with  the  professed  purpose  of  proving  his
statements in public. Castillo readily consented. He was told not to discuss
the matter with relatives or colleagues.

Two  days  later,  having  explained  to  his  wife  and  friends  that  he  had  to
make  a  business  trip  to  Managua,  Castillo  was  collected  by  the  Americans
(minus  the  local  interpreter)  and  driven  to  El  Dorado  Airport,  where  they
boarded an Avianca flight to New York, thence another flight to Washington.
‘No one asked me for a ticket, only some type of identification for my escorts
with  some  authority  who  let  them  pass  immediately,’  said  Castillo.
‘Everything seemed to have been arranged beforehand, without the need to
present passport or visa.’

Castillo’s  escorts  asked  him  occasional  questions  about  his  profession,
family and pastimes. ‘I answered them in lousy English, and they spoke in
lousy  Spanish.  To  a  degree,  I  was  pretending,  because  I  could  understand
more  English  than  they  suspected.  This  proved  useful  during  the  test  in
Washington . . .’47

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Castillo Rincón, Enrique, UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity, p. 53.
2. Article by Fabio Zerpa, Cuarta Dimensión, (mid-1970s), translated by Wendelle C. Stevens.
3. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 53–8.
4. Zerpa, op. cit.
5. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 58.
6. Mitton, Jacqueline (ed.), The Penguin Dictionary of Astronomy, Penguin Books, London, 1992, p. 301.
7. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 62.
8. Sneath, P. H. A., Planets and Life, Thames & Hudson, London, 1970, p. 126.
9. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 58.
10. Zerpa, op. cit.
11. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 59.
12. Good, Timothy, Alien Base, pp. 301–25.
13. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 61.
14. Ibid., p. 56.
15. Ibid., p. 59.
16. Ibid., p. 61.
17. Ibid., pp. 59, 61.
18. Ibid., pp. 63–4.
19. Ibid., pp. 64–5.
20. Ibid., p. 66.
21. Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London, 1997, p. 90. Copyright © 1997 by Rosewood Woods Productions, Inc.
22. Ibid., pp. 223–4.
23. Ibid., p. 100.
24. Ibid., p. 98
25. Ibid., p. 196.
26. Ibid., p. 109.
27. Interview, June 1998.
28. Geary, James, ‘Think about it’, The Communications Revolution, Time, vol. 154, no. 15, 11 October 1999, pp. 22–3.
29. Castillo Rincón, op. cit. p. 63. (A number of contactees and abductees have been given a similar ‘chocolate bar’.)
30. Ibid., pp. 66–74.
31. Zerpa, op. cit.
32. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 76–80.
33. Good, op. cit., p. 184.
34. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 80–3.
35. Ibid., p. 83.
36. Good, op. cit., p. 251.
37. Letter to the author, 5 October 1999.
38. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 84.
39. Ibid., pp. 85, 86.
40. Ibid., p. 86.
41. Zerpa, op. cit. See also Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 86–7.
42. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 87–9.
43. Ibid., pp. 91–3.
44. Ibid., pp. 95–8.
45. Ibid., pp. 103–4.
46. Letter to the author, 10 November 1999.
47. Castillo Rincón, pp. 110–11, 113.


==============================================================================
Chapter 6. Vortex

On arrival at Washington National Airport, Castillo and his escorts were met
by two men in a Cadillac. During the journey, to an undisclosed destination,
Castillo was constantly distracted by his escorts, to prevent him from looking
out of the darkened window too often. ‘We took a turnpike and traveled for
40 or 45 minutes, until we turned onto a narrow and lonely road,’ he wrote.
‘The car stopped in front of a great iron gate. We waited for a few seconds
until  a  security  guard  authorized  the  admission.  We  advanced  then  on  a
gravel road, until we reached a large, old, English-style house, surrounded by
gardens and hidden behind tall trees.’

Two doctors and a nurse greeted Castillo warmly. The escorts left and he
was ushered into a small room, where an interpreter was called in. Castillo
was asked for his full name, age, place of birth and whether he had served in
his country’s army.

I  showed  him  my  military  card  and  explained  the  reasons  why  I  had  not  served  in  the  army.  I  had
recently been married, and for this reason . . . I was given a second-class card, or so-called reserve . . . I
also showed him my citizenship certificate. They inked the index fingers of both hands and imprinted
them  on  the  identification  card,  which  had  my  name  already  on  it.  Then  they  made  me  sign  the
document and leave the name and address of my wife, in case of emergency. In the same document I
had to authorize the tests on a voluntary basis. They took my picture with a Polaroid camera. I was
asked to get rid of my watch, a silver chain with a charm that hung around my neck, my wallet, and my
passport. Everything was placed in a plastic bag, then into an envelope with my name and arrival date.
They told me that the whole lot would be returned at the end of the tests.

After these preliminaries Castillo was taken upstairs. The second floor had a
beautifully appointed library and numbered bedrooms, one of which was to
be his for the duration of the stay. ‘The room had a telephone, private bath, a
table  with  a  typewriter,  paper,  ballpoint  pens,  pencils,  a  tape  recorder  with
new  tapes,  a  TV  .  .  .  and  a  small  refrigerator,  which  contained  some  fruit,
milk, several kinds of cheese, butter, soft drinks, wine, and beer. The nurse
showed me two push-buttons, one for the kitchen and one for the nurse on
duty.’

Following  a  rest,  Castillo  submitted  to  another  series  of  questions.  The
nurse  came  to  his  room,  together  with  a  Dr  Smith  and  a  Dr  Ramírez
(conveniently common names). The latter spoke good Spanish, but with an
American accent. This time, questions were more rigorous. Dr Ramírez asked
about Castillo’s medical history, whether there had been any mental illness in
the family, about his children, marriage (which had deteriorated completely),
whether  he  smoked  and  drank  alcohol  (he  did  neither),  his  general  tastes,
friends  and  about  his  religious  beliefs.  The  interview  lasted  one  and  a  half
hours. Castillo asked if there were any books on UFOs in their library for him
to  read:  he  was  lent  a  copy  of  Flying  Saucers  Have  Landed  by  Desmond
Leslie and George Adamski.

The  following  morning,  breakfast  was  brought  to  Castillo’s  room  by  the
nurse. ‘I had not paid attention to her before. She had beautiful black hair, a
pretty face, and spoke an excellent, fluid Spanish, similar to Dr Ramírez. She
must  have  been  Cuban  or  Puerto  Rican  .  .  .  She  said  her  name  was  Eva
Douling.’1

THE TESTS
After  breakfast  came  a  polygraph  (or  ‘lie  detector’)  test.  Dr  Smith,  Dr
Ramírez, and a US Air Force doctor awaited Castillo in the first-floor office.
‘The  door  opened  and  two  men  entered  .  .  .  One  must  have  been  in  the
military [but was] wearing just a white coat over his civilian clothes. From
the  way  he  watched  me,  he  must  have  been  a  psychologist.  The  other  was
dressed like a bank employee, in a business suit.’

Nurse  Douling  placed  sensors  on  Castillo’s  skin  at  different  locations,
joined by wires to the polygraph. He sat on a chair, naked to the waist. Two
tape  recorders  were  started,  each  with  two  microphones.  Following
preliminary test questions, the interview began. ‘I believe that Dr Smith was
an expert on extracting information,’ said Castillo.

He repeatedly played the fool’s role and faked bad memory, asking the same questions in a different
context, in an attempt to confuse me. More than once he became bothered by my answers and my cool
disposition . . . He tried to break down my tolerance by asking rough, repeated questions, difficult to
follow because of the language, until they were translated by Ramírez . . . There were questions such as
how  it  happened,  the  date  and  hour  of  the  encounter,  where  they  came  from,  their  technology  and
propulsion system, how they got here, age, beliefs, how they live, government, scientific development,
etc.

Two hours later, the first examination completed, Castillo retired to his room.
The  next  examination,  under  hypnotic  regression,  took  place  at  15.00.  For
this a hypnotist joined the team. He began by looking deeply into Castillo’s
eyes and giving orders; to no avail. A second attempt was made. ‘A tick-tock
mechanism, with a swaying needle to be followed by one’s eyes, couldn’t do
it either,’ said Castillo. Finally, one of the doctors asked Castillo to close his
eyes. ‘I felt his hand passing close to my face a couple of times, then I felt it
sliding down my neck, searching for a specific point; he touched my forehead
with his thumb, then he searched for my throat and pressed with his fingers.
That is the last I recall.’

Dr Ramírez declared that although the results were satisfactory, it was not
possible to volunteer an opinion until everything had been analysed. Castillo
was patted affectionately on the back and left alone for the rest of the day.2

At  09.30  the  following  morning  Castillo  was  asked  to  sit  in  a  reclining
chair  and  injected  with  sodium  pentothal  (the  so-called  ‘truth  drug’),  its
effects  explained  to  him  beforehand.  ‘Ramírez  spoke  to  me  .  .  .  His  voice
sounded weaker and weaker, and I spun slowly, losing my strength, feeling
weak and defenseless. Then, I woke up . . . I felt my lips dry . . . They gave
me more water, and told me that I must rest.’ Castillo slept for five hours. In
the afternoon a second, short hypnosis session was conducted, followed by a
final session at 16.30.

Castillo returned to Bogotá the following morning.

My personal belongings were returned, along with an envelope [containing] 1000 dollars! According to
them,  it  was  a  compensation  for  the  working  days  missed  in  Bogotá.  It  was  more  than  I  expected,
because I felt satisfied by the tests . . . They said that the results would be sent through the American
Embassy in Bogotá. However, I am still waiting for them.

Years later, I still have several doubts . . . What were the true identities of those obscure agents who
scould take me and return me to Bogotá, with arrangements . . . all so well coordinated?3

It is not unlikely that the agency responsible for Castillo’s trip to Washington
was  the  Central  Intelligence  Agency  (CIA),  whose  long  history  of
involvement in UFO investigations is documented in my book, Beyond Top
Secret. According to the American journalist Warren Smith, the CIA believed
that  the  aliens  were  deliberately  confusing  those  they  contacted.  ‘The  past
several  years  has  produced  some  incredibly  wild  contactee  reports,’  Smith
was told by a CIA source in the early 1970s. ‘We believe the extraterrestrials
are testing our ability to withstand psychological warfare.’4

VENUSIAN CONTACT
Castillo’s  telepathic  communications,  many  of  them  containing  rambling
platitudes,  continued  apace.  Then,  in  July  1974,  he  was  summoned  for  a
meeting with the ‘Venusians’, at 05.00 one morning, near Bogotá. ‘I expected
them to be at least 1.70 meters tall,’ he wrote in his chapter, ‘The Venusians,
Are They Venusian?’

I had read George Adamski’s reports, saying the Venusians were rather tall, 1.70 to 1.75 meters . . . all
of  the  crewmen  welcoming  me  were  very  much  alike,  all  about  1.50  meters  tall,  but  very  human-
like . . . Ourino, then Yaraka, Febo, Baros, Commander Yamaruck, and finally Orhion entered . . . The
subject of the conversation was mostly the group and the results of the information received . . . They
said that they belonged to the same stellar organization as the Pleiadians, only that these were much
more advanced in many fields. There were exchange agreements between the Pleiadians and Venusians
on undisclosed matters . . . From the few questions that I asked, they sketched a very grim picture for
humanity’s future. By now, it seemed clear that the time for their communications with our group was
coming to an end . . .

Castillo  had  taken  along  a  tape  recorder,  with  which  he  captured  what  he
claims was the whistling noise of the craft as it approached the landing site.
The  recorder  ceased  functioning  when  he  began  to  approach  the  craft.  The
following day he played the recording to some members of the group. Later,
the  tape  was  stolen  by  one  of  the  members,  who  tried  to  sell  it  for  20,000
pesos.5

THE VORTEX OF THE ANDES
On 23 December 1974 Castillo, then visiting Caracas, received a telepathic
summons for a contact early the next morning. ‘I was told not to bring a tape
recorder or camera. The trip was going to last about five days.’ He took a taxi
to  Colonia  Tovar,  a  town  high  in  the  Venezuelan  Andes,  and  walked  to  a
ravine where the contact had been arranged. At 04.25 a craft appeared a few
metres  above  ground  level,  ‘swinging  from  side  to  side  and  projecting  a
tenuous light downwards’. Around six to seven metres in diameter, it landed
about 40 metres away. A tripod slid down, then a ladder and a man stepped to
the ground. It was Cyril.

‘He informed me that we were to visit a base in the Andes, where we were
to  receive  the  information  promised  during  one  of  the  telepathic  contacts
some months before. Krunula and a stranger, whose name he told me but I
have not been able to remember, were on board.’ Twenty minutes later the
craft arrived over a town in the middle of the high Andes of South America.
‘Thousands of kilometers in such a short time,’ Castillo remarked. ‘And as
usual, I could not detect a single motion or discomfort.

‘Below were the majestic Andes, and, at the tip of one of the mountains,
the  arrangement  of  the  buildings  was  clearly  visible.  Cyril  told  me  the
inhabitants called this place the Vortex of the Andes.’ But what inhabitants?
Cyril elaborated:

At  the  moment  there  are  318  people  here,  who  for  many  years  –  even  entire  families  –  have  been
contacted  and  brought  here  voluntarily.  Here  they  live,  work,  study,  and  learn.  They  are  instructed
about the great events that humanity will experience . . . Many of them will be trained to help when the
moment arrives. Nobody will know who instructed them, and besides, nobody would believe them; it
could even be dangerous for them. This place, at about 3200 meters above sea level, is located between
two great mountains that give natural protection against blizzards and frosts, and is known as Alto Peru
[Peru Highlands].6

Castillo later came to believe that the Vortex was closer to Bolivia than to
Peru. (In an earlier account, he gives the location as between Marcahuasi and
Machu Picchu, at an altitude of 4200 metres.)7

It  was  impressive  to  see  how  the  disc  flew  closely  between  steep  mountain  slopes  and  then  landed
softly  on  a  platform  and  slid  into  the  mountain  –  perhaps  through  hydraulic  means  –  penetrating  in
through a horizontal tunnel. After climbing down to ground level, we walked to an office, where I was
asked to take off my sweater and shirt.

What  surprised  me  pleasantly  was  the  temperature,  about  16  degrees  Celsius,  similar  to  Bogotá,
where I had lived for many years. The next day I was able to verify this point. The people getting ready
to give me a brief check-up were not extraterrestrial, just ordinary people, except that they used some
devices  unknown  to  me.  The  first  test  was  routine:  heart,  blood  pressure,  reflexes,  lungs,  vision,
hearing, etc. They asked me my city of origin and consulted a listing . . . They asked me to take off my
watch temporarily [and] placed a yellow band on my left wrist, and the watch was moved to the right
arm.

At  the  end  of  the  examination,  another  [human]  took  me  to  the  room  where  I  was  going  to  live
during my stay. When I went out, somebody followed us quickly. Apparently there had been a mistake;
they explained that the wristband’s color had to do with the type of food that I should eat. Finally, I was
taken to my temporary bedroom . . .

I rested on a simple but comfortable bed. I thought I was going to see a city of the future, but the
buildings were wooden, sort of ‘Canadian type’ cabins, with smooth and well-cut but rustic beams and
boards  .  .  .  The  great  rectangular  cabin  had  two  rows  of  bedrooms,  on  both  sides  of  its  central
passageway.

Up to then, I thought that I was the only guest at the Vortex. When they announced breakfast, I had
not slept. I was restless as to why I had been taken so far and to what mission I was to be assigned. It
was 6.45 a.m., and I had been there almost two hours. The fellow who picked me up was surely of Inca
origin. I followed him to the dining room . . . six more people waited there, having arrived before me.
Others  would  arrive  in  an  hour  or  so.  These  contactees  came  from  nineteen  different  countries,  and
eleven were Latin. There was only one woman among us. There was an individual self-introduction; no
names were given, just the countries of origin.8

NUTRITION AND ENERGY
All  guests  wore  the  coloured  wristbands,  some  different,  some  of  similar
colours. ‘Each was to eat from the trays marked with the same color as the
wristbands,’  said  Castillo.  ‘Instructor  number  one  (there  were  four)  told  us
that  the  food  had  been  prepared  according  to  geographic  zone.  Their
ionization was different, according to the elevation above sea level. This way
it prevented illnesses from occurring.’

Food  and  drink,  usually  served  buffet  style  (assisted  by  native  Inca),
included  warm  milk,  herbal  tea,  fruit  juices,  broth,  honey,  bread,  greens,
potatoes,  tomatoes  and  peppers,  and  various  types  of  fruit.  ‘We  saw  fields
cultivated  with  legumes,  strawberries,  and  other  fruits,’  Castillo  reports.
Tropical  fruits,  including  coconut,  oranges  and  pineapples,  were  also
available,  causing  him  to  wonder  how  they  were  provided.  All  the  eating
utensils were made of wood.

Some  of  the  older  visitors  received  oxygen  on  arrival.  Castillo  managed
without,  although  at  times  he  suffered  from  altitude  sickness.9 Outside, the
temperature  was  ‘bone-chilling’.  ‘We  were  able  to  see  a  great  contraption
projecting  from  the  mountain,  with  fins  and  crystals.  We  were  told  that
energy is thus captured for the whole community, and that there is another
source for the appliances and lighting. One of the energy sources was used
for powering a “magnetic shield” or camouflage of the base and its climate-
controlled  environment.’10  This  shield,  presumably,  prevented  detection  by
aerial and satellite reconnaissance.

INSTRUCTION
On that first morning the instructor assigned to the new group explained the
purpose of their visit. Each was to receive privileged information. ‘We were
to be very careful as to who would receive it, either orally or in writing,’ said
Castillo.

The instructor told us that grave events were taking place in various fields, which would lead the planet
to undergo, with its occupants, untoward experiences of several types. Our presence in that place had
the objective of transmitting to the public, through various means, the occurrences that will take place
and culminate in several momentous events. For personal reasons, I do not give out an account of the
calamities announced by the instructors. They had information covering many years as to how the facts
will unwind.

The  instructors  had  received  this  information  from  the  extraterrestrials,
through ‘adequate scientific means’, they explained. ‘We were not given all
this information,’ said Castillo. In cases of emergency, information would be
imparted  through  personal  contact.  ‘We  were  told  that  the  withholding  of
certain information from us at that time was intended to protect us from any
danger.’11

The instructors were not always terrestrial. Later that day, in a small living
room, Cyril lectured to a group of seven Spanish-speaking visitors, including
Castillo.  ‘It  is  up  to  you  whether  or  not  you  divulge  what  we  are  teaching
you,’ Cyril began. All wrote down the dictation. Following a proselytizing,
‘new-age’-flavoured preamble, he dictated his ‘message to the world’.

In 1958, the US Air Force admitted that the Strategic Air Command bombers had been hurled more
than once against Russia, when the defense radar detected mysterious objects, which have never been
identified  .  .  .  This  information  from  the  US  Air  Force  makes  it  clear  that  nuclear  war  can  start  by
accident or error, through confusion of our ships with rockets from a foreign power against the US. It is
positively  known  that  our  ships  can  initiate  a  war,  when  detected  by  the  radar  network,  due  to  the
degree of tension and fear between the different countries. Countermeasures have already been taken,
both  on  the  part  of  our  ships  and  the  governments  of  the  countries  who  study  the  presence  of  our
fleets . . .

The  important  aspect  is  that  our  ships  are  systematically  making  cautious  appearances  in  the  air
spaces above all nations, especially those whose technological, military, and technical advancement are
such that they are bound to observe us. We have done this for a long time, to create a clear indication of
our presence among you.

The recklessness of the governments of two terrestrial countries has been obvious, when they have
ordered their combat pilots to attack our space and scout ships, as soon as they are detected on their
radar. This is highly dangerous for the crew members of your airplanes, because if they approach our
gravitational field, their engines and controls become inoperative. In this way, several have lost their
lives . . . They do not seem to understand that our orders are clear, not to harm their craft. Otherwise, at
least 50 of their planes would have been destroyed.

We are aware that many high-ranking military personnel and scientists have been silenced under the
pretense of endangering the security of their countries, if public statements were to be made. This is
another serious mistake of those governments. If we had any ambition or desire to conquer this planet,
we  would  have  done  it  300  years  ago,  when  the  population  could  not  have  opposed  any  resistance.
Even now, it would not be difficult to do.

This  phase  is  alternative:  we  shall  continue  making  appearances,  landings,  contacts,  all  over  the
world, more and more frequently, as planned. You will be responsible for the education of the people in
the different countries . . . using all means available. This is a difficult task, because you will be left to
your own means [and] you will have against you those who do not take you seriously, and the dark
machinations of the great established powers on your planet, hampering, creating doubts, and attacking
you as promoters of this knowledge . . .

After many years of observation and analysis of your world . . . the conclusion was that humankind,
with  few  exceptions,  were  a  barbarian  horde  .  .  .  from  the  deepest  levels  of  their  spirit,  and  utterly
incorrigible. Nevertheless, because of the merit of the few, [we are giving] direct help to many men,
instructing them. It requires in many cases their evacuation from this planet, to a special place where
they will be provided with a new conscience, to be transmitted afterwards to their fellow men . . . The
disappearances of such people from Earth have already begun . . . This procedure holds the key to the
future of your planet.

Thus spake Cyril/Krishnamerck. ‘While dictating,’ said Castillo, ‘he held in
his left hand a gadget the size of his fist, which he operated with his thumb. It
must  have  been  a  decoder  or  screen,  perhaps  an  advanced  kind  of
teleprompter, from which he read the text to be given.’12

A BREAK
That evening Castillo and four others were selected for a short trip in a ‘scout
ship’, flown by Cyril. The group entered through the same tunnel they had
arrived  in  that  morning,  boarded  the  craft,  and  sat  on  comfortable  chairs
around the upper dome. ‘There was a concave screen showing whatever was
underneath the machine,’ Castillo reports.

The takeoff was impressive: the craft flew away, slowly at first, and then surged forward tremendously.
We didn’t feel any pressure or discomfort, though. Within a few minutes we were watching the high
peaks of the Andes . . . There was a fabulous view of Lake Titicaca. I was finally able to see its so-
famous shape, like a jaguar . . . We could see clearly a great city under the ship, which was changing
position to let us see various different views. It was Lima, the capital of Peru.

We  stared,  open-mouthed,  as  the  ship  lost  altitude,  oscillating  like  a  falling  leaf  in  the  wind.  It
stopped again, after ‘skimming’ twice over a section of Lima . . . The craft had several multicolored
lights on, whose reflection reached the cabin. Now the lights flashed, in order to draw the attention of
the people below. We saw several people getting out of their houses, going out on the streets, looking
and  pointing  upwards  .  .  .  We  watched  clearly  men,  women,  and  children,  and  a  police  patrol  car
showed up . . . I thought it couldn’t possibly be ignored by the press.

On returning to the Vortex, Castillo learned that another group had been
taken on a different tour. He also learned that some of the other contactees
had been given different kinds of information and instructions. ‘They would
act  in  a  different  way  than  us,  penetrating  at  the  executive  level  and  very
discreetly passing information, suggesting the possibility that we were being
infiltrated  by  two  different  extraterrestrial  societies,  one  dedicated  to
corruption, manipulation, and domination; and another one with the intention
of helping, but while acting very discreetly.

‘Even today, after all this time,’ wrote Castillo in 1997, ‘I don’t think there
is  a  single  person  who  knows  fully  their  complete  plan.’13  Once  again,  a
conflict of interests between extraterrestrial parties, alluded to by some other
contactees, such as Rubens Villela, is here indicated.

SERMON ON THE MOUNT
On Christmas Day 1974 Castillo and others supposedly were taken to meet a
‘master  of  wisdom’  who  apparently  resided  some  distance  away  from  the
cabins. As they came out of a tunnel, four shiny craft, about four metres in
diameter,  could  be  seen,  ‘suspended’  some  eight  to  ten  metres  above  the
ground.  Lo  and  behold,  in  due  course  a  man  looking  like  the  Jesus  as
fancifully imagined, dressed in a simple, short-sleeved robe and, of course,
sandals,  appeared  out  of  a  tunnel.  Smiling,  he  addressed  the  assembled
gathering.  ‘I  am  not  who  you  believe  I  am,’  he  declaimed.  ‘My  name  is  a
thousand  names.’14  The  ‘master  of  wisdom’  went  on  to  deliver  a  flowery
speech of such absurdity that I shall refrain from quoting any of it. Castillo,
however, seems to have been captivated, although nonetheless confused by
this and other experiences at the Vortex.

A SUBMARINE SHANGRI-LA
Castillo claims that his fifth, and final, physical contact wth the ‘Pleiadians’
took place early in January 1975, at the end of his visit to the Vortex. This
involved a trip to an alien base located over 5000 metres down in the Mariana
Trench,  North  Pacific  Ocean.  (The  Mariana,  or  Marianas,  Trench  is  the
deepest  trench  on  Earth:  in  August  1960  Jacques  Piccard  and  Don  Walsh
descended in a bathyscaphe, Trieste, to the record depth of 10,917 metres.)
Castillo generously provided me with a synopsis of the chapter in his second
book  (prior  to  publication)  in  which  this  experience  is  recounted  (in
Spanish).15

A group of six, including an instructor and a woman named Eallyn, was
selected for the trip. Cyril accompanied them. It was explained that the base
they  were  to  visit  had  been  constructed  conjointly  with  another  race  of
extraterrestrials  ‘very  many  years  ago’.  ‘We  were  taken  via  a  subterranean
passage, illuminated by a strange light which was let into the floor, covered
in  transparent  tiles,  giving  the  impression  that  we  were  in  full  sunlight,’
Castillo recounted.

We continued along a passage about 100 metres long, with just two slight curves. Arriving at one of the
bends we were confronted by a magnificent view and a fascinating spectacle. We had come out into a
sort  of  artificial  crater  about  200  metres  in  circumference,  set  in  the  rounded  top  of  the  Andes
mountains. Beside the exit from this remarkable tunnel, to the left, six craft hovered in the air silently,
shining in the morning sun. They were all the same, circular, without rivets or seams and about seven
metres in diameter and three metres high, burnished, metallic, with a small dome like an observation
tower.  They  were  perhaps  some  six  metres  from  the  ground,  stationary,  and  with  the  permission  of
Cyril, we went up to them. Stretching our hands out underneath them as far as we could, we could feel
nothing, apart from a slight sensation of something electrical on our arms, which also affected the hair
on our head. No sound could be heard . . . it was as if they were suspended by an invisible thread.

Immediately, we were guided towards a craft which approached with a slight oscillation and landed
some 20 metres from us, tripod landing legs having appeared from the underside. Cyril beckoned us to
follow him. Steps came out from the side of the craft, allowing us to see the legs of a crew member who
was coming out to greet us. His clothes were of a light mustard colour, with no insignia, close-fitting
but allowing freedom of movement. He beckoned us to follow him on board. As gentlemen, we gave
Eallyn the option of going first. Inside, another crew member offered us seats in a semicircular area,
giving  us  a  clear  view  of  everything  through  a  glass-like  screen  in  the  dome.  One  crew  member
returned and we remained on our own with Cyril and the crew member responsible for accompanying
us to the base.

I noticed that the craft seemed to be made of burnished steel, cast in one piece. It must have been a
strange alloy, because when I stroked it, it was so polished that I couldn’t feel any grain in it. The craft
started taking off slowly, almost vertically, and at the same time the glass-like screen drew back and the
dome became like a large panoramic window. We could hear no sound nor was there any sensation of
movement, and in a few moments we were hurtling towards a marvellous blue, cloudless sky . . .

Very soon the great mass of the Andes faded into the distance. A few moments later the sea appeared
before us, as though from nowhere. No more than ten minutes had elapsed when Cyril informed us that
we were over the Pacific Ocean, coming towards an area known as the Marianas Trench. He had been
examining  and  interpreting  a  screen  full  of  symbols.  Various  buttons  and  lights  on  an  average-size
panel showed us that their technology far surpassed our own avionics.

We  now  seemed  to  be  going  at  a  dizzy  speed  and  looked  at  each  other  as  one  does  when  the
inevitable is about to happen. Banking visibly, the craft began a perilous nosedive. We held our breath
and prepared for imminent impact with the water. As we watched in amazement, the sea seemed to
open up in a certain place just in front of the craft, at which point it slowed down and plunged into the
waters of the Pacific . . . The initial darkness during our descent in the sea was suddenly illuminated
and we then noticed that the water surrounding the craft was not actually touching it – there was a sort
of resistance. Cyril, now reading our thoughts, explained that an energy field prevented the water from
making contact with the hull of the craft, thus preventing it being crushed by the very high pressures to
which it is subjected. ‘We are now entering one of the deepest places on this planet, known to you as
the Marianas Trench,’ said Cyril.

Now the whole seabed was illuminated. We could make out an enormous dome. Was it a mirage?
We didn’t believe what was before our eyes. The craft had come to a standstill. It turned around and
approached a part of the dome, settling gently across a large porthole that was opened . . . the water that
had got in was rapidly absorbed, leaving the craft on a sort of hydraulic-type ramp, all covered in a
transparent  layer.  We  felt  a  momentary  sensation  of  emptiness  or  vacuum.  Cyril  said  there  was  no
danger . . . The ship’s door opened and we were instructed to go down slowly one by one. We were
absorbed  in  gazing  at  the  scene:  strange  trees  and  vegetation,  walkways,  lounges  with  glass  walls,
structures  in  what  seemed  like  granite  and  metal,  colours  on  the  walls,  pleasant  lights,  great  ferns
hanging from the roof and other unknown plants.

We followed the two cosmonauts towards a building. The floor on the seabed was covered in shiny
little stones (manganese) . . . ‘These depths are rich in various metals and there are some deposits which
would  be  called  precious  stones  by  you,’  said  Cyril.  We  arrived  at  the  entrance  to  the  building  and
followed him to a large room or hall in which there were easy chairs, offered to us by two escorts who
came to meet us. A viewing panel opened in the wall. An opening was revealed on another side of the
glass wall, and a man appeared, seated. He was young. An abundant head of almost yellow hair reached
down to his shoulders, like Cyril’s and the other crew members’. But what really caught our attention
was the radiant intelligence and force that emanated from his direct, kind-hearted expression. Unlike
the others, he was wearing a light-blue, very simple overall. He had some insignia on the chest: I don’t
know what they represented, but by the way in which he was greeted by Cyril and the other man there
was no doubt that he was a person of high rank. They told us he was head of the base.

The man ‘addressed’ the group, his words received telepathically in Spanish
and, by Eallyn, in English. ‘You’ve been brought here because your planet is
threatened  by  dark  forces,  and  at  the  same  time  by  a  possible  cataclysm
having great repercussions preceded by various calamities,’ he began. ‘Your
presence here also has profound significance for us, which for the time being
you  are  not  to  know  about.’  After  listing  the  iniquities  of  earthlings,  he
continued:

For  us,  it  would  be  very  easy  to  get  rid  of  this  mortal  plague,  but  it  rests  with  you,  when  a  new
generation grows up with a superior knowledge on the basis of what it has learned and a new state of
consciousness is established . . . These impending changes will be disastrous for the whole human race,
affecting your organisms and the equilibrium of life itself . . . serious geological changes, more and
more frequent earthquakes, tidal waves and hurricanes, flooding and drought as has never been seen
before. This is together with a movement of the solar corona, which might increase these calamities.
Scientists should observe this unusual and complex solar irregularity . . . we too are being affected in
some  way.  We  don’t  want  to  play  at  being  saviours,  announcing  these  events  openly.  You  must  be
prudent . . . and should communicate this information first to your rulers. The moment will eventually
come  when  we  will  have  to  appear  before  the  whole  planet,  but  you  have  to  carry  out  the  changes
yourselves . . .

‘When we left the building,’ said Castillo, ‘we saw some large, half buried
ducts  in  the  seabed.  Cyril  informed  us  that  they  were  connected  to  young
marine  volcanoes,  from  which  they  extracted  enough  heat  to  use  in  the
buildings  of  the  marine  complex.  It  occurred  to  me  afterwards  that  the  air
conditioning incorporated this system . . . We had been almost two hours in
that amazing place.’16

‘We  learned  that  we  were  the  first  to  go  there,’  Castillo  informed  me.
‘There was a time, in 1946–7, when the aliens were about to take a civilian
and a military person to that base – I don’t know which country they were
from – but it was because of the underwater atomic tests then being carried
out  in  the  Bikini  Atoll,  when  they  were  on  full  alert.  In  the  end,  it  wasn’t
necessary  to  take  them,  for  reasons  I  am  not  aware  of.’17  (In  1946–58  the
USA carried out 23 atomic- and hydrogen-bomb tests – some underwater – in
the Bikini Atoll in the Marshall Islands, West Pacific Ocean.)

Others claim to have been taken to similar submarine bases. Included in
Alien  Base  is  the  remarkable  experience  of  Orlando  Jorge  Ferraudi,  who
together with another Argentine witness was transported to a base in the Gulf
of Mexico in 1956. ‘We saw an immense sub-aquatic dome, similar to a giant
Eskimo  igloo,’  he  reported,  ‘where  buildings,  people  and  several  [space]
ships similar to ours, could be seen.’ Two other such bases had been built,
one off the Uruguayan coast at Barra de San Juan, and the other in the Bahia
Samborombón.18

CONDITIONING?
Following  his  return  to  Caracas,  Castillo  continued  to  wonder  –  as  he  still
does – about the real purpose of his contacts with the extraterrestrials. ‘What
role do we – the contactees – play, in this confusing panorama?’ he asks. ‘I
still do not know. What about the other twenty-three? Why were no names
and  addresses  exchanged?’19  Indeed.  If  Castillo’s  seemingly  apocryphal
experiences at the Vortex and the Mariana Trench have any basis in physical
reality,  why  has  not  one  of  those  others  come  forward  to  support  Castillo,
who for so many years has endured much ridicule and vituperation? Cyril is
reported to have stated that those contactees who had been ‘evacuated’ from
Earth had been ‘provided with a new conscience’. Is it possible that all the
contactees  were  subjected  to  some  type  of  conditioning  process,  affecting
their  actions  following  release  from  the  Vortex?  Taken  at  face  value,  this
statement  implies  formidable  means  of  mental  manipulation.  A  simpler
alternative,  of  course,  is  that  no  one  has  come  forward  because  Castillo  is
deluded or lying.

WHAT’S IN A NAME?
Another  stumbling  block  to  acceptance  of  Castillo’s  story  is  the  vexed
question  of  the  ‘Pleiadians’,  ‘Venusians’,  ‘Mercurians’  and  a  ‘Jupiterian’.
The list does not end there. ‘I have seen others from Orion, Orton, Yamaru,
Yonica,  Yaraka  and  other  places,’  he  declared  in  an  earlier  report.20  The
aliens’  supposed  names  (e.g. ‘Krishnamerck’,‘Yamaruck’, ‘Baros’, ‘Rondby’)  
also  lend  an  equally  farcical  tone,  effectively  stalling  serious
appraisal of Castillo’s claims. ‘These are their real names,’ he insisted to me
in 2000. ‘I always associated [some of them] with Hindu names.’

As  discussed  earlier,  I  do  not  believe  these  aliens  originate  in  the  solar
systems nor on the planets they name. If Castillo has spoken truthfully, it is
likely that the named origins are part of an alien programme of deception for
their  own,  and  possibly  the  contactees’,  security.  As  mentioned  earlier,  in
Alien  Base  I  recount  what  for  me  is  one  of  the  most  convincing  contact
stories, that involving  my  friend  ‘Joëlle’,  who told me that
extraterrestrials with whom she had ongoing contacts in England refused to
reveal their origin, although they did confirm that they had bases within our
solar system, including a number on Earth. They also explained that they do
not use names as do we.21


Rubens  Villela,  the  Brazilian  contactee,  told  me  that  the  equally  silly
names of the aliens with whom he communicated (‘Kandrix’, ‘Hendrix’ and
‘Sandrix’)  were  ‘mere  codenames’,  used  by  the  aliens  for  purposes  of
identification.  ‘We’re  dealing  with  “absurd”  facts,’  concedes  Villela.
‘Puzzles,  enigmas,  charades  –  that’s  what  we’re  confronted  with  in  this
subject.  Contradictions  seem  to  be  part  of  the  game  –  the  light  might  lie
behind them . . .’22 In any event, Castillo’s first son born of his third wife,
Gloria,  was  baptized  ‘Orhion  Yamaruck’,  following  Orhion’s  successful
prediction of his birth date!23

EMBARGO
Castillo  insists  that  his  experiences  were  real,  in  the  accepted  sense  of  the
word. ‘They are not the product of hallucination, astral travel, or any other
type of paranormal phenomena,’ he declares. ‘They physically happened . . .’
He  also  insists  that  he  is  neither  a  mystic  nor  a  religious  fanatic.  ‘Neither
have I considered myself a “chosen one” to save humanity, and I detest those
“contactees” who pretend to have been appointed by some divinity to carry
some  message  to  the  suffering  and  almost  disgraced  human  race.’  The
teachings and messages contained in his first book, he said in 1997, ‘should
be taken only as a warning about future events, which are predicted to take
place between now and the year 2011’.24

Despite  Castillo’s  castigation  of  those  contactees  who  spread  false
messages and prophecies, it has to be said that many of his own messages and
prophecies are equally apocryphal, redolent of the evangelical teachings on
which  he  was  brought  up.  A  corollary,  then,  is  that  much  of  this  material
originates in his own subconscious mind. Castillo holds a different view:

The  spiritual  and  messianic  teachings,  having  a  Christian  flavor,  seemed  to  me  to  be  intended  as  a
means of gauging the reactions of humans when faced with news of a serious, impacting, possible event
at a planetary level, because our religious beliefs are so entrenched. I believe they purposely touched
the  point  of  [these]  beliefs,  to  estimate  the  reactions  at  planetary  level,  should  they  disclose  that
humanity was not created as taught by the religions, and show that all humanity will have to drastically
change their values and actions in order to survive . . .25

In  a  paper  discussing  the  avoidance  by  extraterrestrials  of  open  contact
with Earth, Professor James Deardorff speculates that an ‘embargo’ has been
implemented, to forestall religious  and  other repercussions.  Any
extraterrestrial communications with Earth, he believes, would progress over
a very long time period, perhaps two or three generations, ‘and in a manner
designed to reach people whose value systems can accept the message they
are likely to deliver’.

The  messages  might,  moreover,  contain  vague  descriptions  of  extraterrestrial technological
achievements that would read like magic or science fiction. They might even contain a few absurdities
purposely  added;  these,  along  with  the  absence  of  any  detailed  instructions  on  how  to  achieve  any
technological  breakthroughs,  would  help  ensure  that  any  scientists  who  happened  to  learn  about  the
communication would regard them as hoaxes or fiction . . . the messages could be expected to contain
some spiritual, or at least ethical, aspects which might further deter scientific enquiry . . . Government
agencies, upon advice from scientists, would then take no actions, and the embargo would more or less
remain intact.26

ANOTHER REALITY
Tempting though it is to dismiss Enrique Castillo’s story on the basis of the
sometimes ludicrous origins and silly names given, as well as the apocryphal
and apocalyptic messages, it may be prudent to suspend disbelief while other
factors are taken into consideration.

It  is  quite  possible  that  Castillo  concocted  his  stories  of  meetings  with
aliens  and  trips  in  spacecraft.  He  freely  admits  that,  following  the  first
dramatic sighting in Costa Rica in 1963, he read everything (in Spanish) that
he could get his hands on, thus in time he would have learned about the more
famous  contact  and  abduction  stories,  such  as  those  by  George  Adamski,
Daniel Fry, Antônio Villas Boas, Barney and Betty Hill, Travis Walton and
Eduard  ‘Billy’  Meier  (who  in  the  1970s  began  promoting  stories  of  his
contacts  with  ‘Pleiadians’).  Although  Castillo’s  subsequent  claims  include
similarities  to  those  stories,  however,  this  itself  neither  validates  nor
invalidates his claims.

The question arises of interpolation in Castillo’s narrative. Although he is
reported to have a prodigious memory, there remains a strong likelihood that
he  filled  in  missing  gaps  when  writing  his  books;  particularly,  I  surmise,
when reporting speeches (with the exception of the dictation by Cyril). On
the  other  hand  a  number  of  contactees  have  told  me  that,  when  the  time
comes  to  write  something  down,  they  become  imbued  with  a  vivid
recollection of the words, as if somehow under the influence of the source.

‘I have never been able to have proofs for what I state,’ Castillo told me in
2000. ‘Now, after all these years, there are times when I feel quite stressed,
wondering  if  it  was  all  a  dream  or  a  figment  of  my  imagination.’27  Most
probably his narrative is a mixture of truth and fiction. Whatever the case, he
has  provided  us  with  a  fascinating  story  and  one  which  I  believe  contains
important new insights.

‘I have not the slightest doubt that the events described by Enrique actually
took place,’ declares Carlos Vilchez, a Costa Rican researcher who, together
with his brother Ricardo, investigated Castillo’s claims for many years. ‘This
does not mean that I believe, or have to believe, that what the extraterrestrials
told  him  is  true  .  .  .  the  information  received  should  be  doubted  and
questioned in most instances, be it messianic, apocalyptic, or scientific.’28

‘Those of us who investigate the UFO phenomenon are always in danger
of  taking  at  face  value  what  the  contactees  say,’  warns  the  distinguished
scholar  and  writer,  Salvador  Freixedo,  a  former  Jesuit,  in  his  Foreword  to
Castillo’s first book.

With  the  UFOs,  we  must  remain  aware  that  we  are  bordering  on  another  reality  .  .  .  where  the
governing patterns that command our mind are not the same . . . It is to be expected that contactees
make this sort of mistake, because they may have been overexposed to the vortex of the events, and
their minds may have been manipulated to make them see what is not really there . . . I do believe that
all that  Enrique  Castillo relates,  actually  happened  to him  [and]  that  regardless of  the  intensity with
which  he  had  lived  his  experiences,  his  remarkable  intelligence,  his  impressive  memory,  and  his
professional training as an engineer, those experiences had made him suspect that beyond the witnessed
events there might be something deeply mysterious and disquieting . . .29

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Castillo Rincón, Enrique, UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity, pp. 113–15.
2. Ibid., pp. 115–17.
3. Ibid., pp. 118–19.
4. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret, p. 532.
5. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 138–143.
6. Ibid., pp. 172–4.
7. Article by Fabio Zerpa, Cuarta Dimensión, (mid-1970s), translated by Wendelle C. Stevens.
8. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., pp. 174–5.
9. Ibid., pp. 175–6, 183.
10. Ibid., p. 176.
11. Ibid., pp. 175–6.
12. Ibid., pp. 177–81.
13. Ibid., pp. 181–2.
14. Ibid., pp. 183–6.
15. Castillo Rincón, Enrique, OVNI: Gran Alborada Humana (Tomo II), 2000.
16. Castillo Rincón, Enrique, ‘Un Sangri-La Submarino’, 24 January 2000, translated by Margaret Barling.
17. Letter to the author, 8 February 2000, translated by Margaret Barling.
18. Good, Timothy, Alien Base, 1998, pp. 223–8.
19. Castillo Rincón, UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity, p. 187.
20. Zerpa, op. cit.
21. Good, Alien Base, pp. 248–56.
22. Letters to the author, November–December 1999.
23. Castillo Rincón, UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity, p. 173.
24. Ibid., pp. xiii–xiv.
25. Ibid. p. 140.
26. Deardorff, Dr James, ‘Possible Extraterrestrial Strategy for Earth’, Alien Update, ed. Timothy Good, Arrow, London, 1993, pp. 151–63; first published in Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society (27/1986), London.
27. Letter to the author from Enrique Castillo Rincón, 8 February 2000.
28. Castillo Rincón, op. cit., p. 249.
29. Ibid., pp. ix–xi.


======================================================================================
Chapter 7. An Atrophied Culture

At 03.30 on 5 February 1978 Julio Fernández, a 30-year-old Spanish family
businessman, set off by car with his dog Mus, an English pointer, to go hare-
hunting  in  an  area  due  west  of  Madrid,  near  the  town  of  Casavieja,  in  the
province of Avila. For some unaccountable reason he took a road that led in
the  opposite  direction,  heading  north-eastwards  along  the  Barcelona  road
towards  the  province  of  Soria.  And  thereby  hangs  the  tale.  Thenceforth,
Fernández’s journey became surreal.

At about 04.30 Julio stopped to drink coffee and an anis at a wayside bar
known as the Hostal 113, beside the highway on the outskirts of Algora, near
Guadalajara.  A  strange  waiter  served.  He  was  tall  and  fair,  wearing  rubber
gloves  and  what  looked  like  a  wig!  During  the  20-minute  stop,  no  other
customers came  into the  bar –  unusual  even for  that time  of night.  Also,  a
smell  of  pine  pervaded  the  establishment,  which  Julio  assumed  to  be  a
detergent. Subsequent checks showed, however, that the Hostal 113 had not
been open at the time and no one matching Julio’s description of the waiter
worked  there.  Some  would  adduce  the  scenario  described  as  a  ‘screen
memory’ planted by the aliens.

At  05.45  Julio  left  the  bar  and  drove  on,  half  an  hour  later  passing
Medinaceli. Suddenly, he ‘knew’ that he had to be at a certain location 15
kilometres further on, and put his foot down on the accelerator. At that point
his conscious recollection stopped.1 What follows is a synopsis of a lengthy,
richly detailed story, which emerged from over a year of hypnotic regressions
conducted by José Luis Jordán Peña, a psychologist, Ana Mozo, a hypnotist,
and  Dr  Jesús  Durán,  a  psychiatrist  specializing  in  clinical  hypnosis,  all  of
whom were impressed by Julio’s sincerity and the authenticity of his story. I
have  based  my  synopsis  of  this  –  one  of  the  best-investigated  yet
paradoxically  one  of  the  least-known  cases  –  on  the  definitive  report  by
Antonio Ribera, the distinguished Spanish investigator and author, translated
by Gordon Creighton, with some amendments provided for me by Ribera.

QUASI-HUMAN BEINGS
According to Julio’s recollections, he was driving his car (a Seat 127) down
the road when for no accountable reason he suddenly braked. From this point
on the car seemed to act of its own accord, reversing, then coming to a halt
after having entered backwards a narrow dirt trail which started at the right
side of the main road.2 Then the engine stopped, the lights went out and the
radio-cassette player ceased to work (Julio had been listening to a tape of the
singer,  Jorge  Cafrune).  It  was  as  though  the  electrical  current  had  been
completely  severed:  the  new  battery  no  longer  charged  and  the  plugs  no
longer  sparked  properly.  Mus  growled  so,  as  a  precaution,  Julio  took  his
Winchester single-barrel, semi-automatic shotgun out of the boot and loaded
it with its maximum of five cartridges. It was then that he caught sight of two
quasi-human  beings  coming  down  the  track,  finally  halting  only  one  and  a
half metres from him. As Ribera reports:

They wore seamless one-piece pastel-green overalls that reached to the feet [and] gave off a very faint
luminosity  [with]  no  zip-fasteners  nor  openings  and  gathered  at  the  waists  .  .  .  The  overall  was
sufficiently tight-fitting for their muscles to show . . . No fibres, no thread, and no designs were to be
detected in it. The material was smooth and did not rustle when it moved. Their heads and shoulders
were covered by [pale] yellow cowls or hoods, leaving only the face uncovered . . . Their hoods, like
their [five-fingered] gloves . . . were made of a texture resembling satin-stitch, very fine and fitting the
parts of the body closely.

The  ‘men’  had  extremely  broad  shoulders,  with  powerful  dorsal  muscles
showing  prominently,  narrow  waists,  and  they  seemed  athletic.  Among
features  that  set  them  apart  from  ordinary  human  beings  were  the
exceptionally long arms and hands, large crania and very large eyes. Julio felt
a sense of peace and calm envelop him – a sensation reported in other cases.
When  they  addressed  him  he  at  first  thought  they  were  using  speech,  but
later, realizing that their lips did not move, he assumed they communicated
mentally with him. They ‘asked’ him to calm down and to follow them. Julio
obeyed, taking along his dog and the gun. The aliens walked with a majestic,
elegant and rhythmical gait.3

THE GREAT DISC
‘It  was  a  bit  like  Karl  Marx  beholding  God,’  Julio  explained  to  one  of  the
investigators, describing his reactions on seeing the aliens’ craft. ‘I, who had
been  a  sceptic  till  then,  now  found  myself  at  70  metres  from  an
extraterrestrial craft.’

The huge craft had been concealed behind two hillocks in the bottom of a
small valley, though hovering four metres above ground. It was an awesome
sight. Shaped like an inverted soup plate, of a matt, silvery, metallic colour, it
appeared to have a diameter of about 60 or 70 metres and a height of some 15
to 20 metres (see here), from the lowest part to the top of its dome (cupola).

Where the cupola joined the great disc he observed what seemed to be a ring about 15 metres wide
which was emitting flashes of light of different colours, always in an unbroken sequence of blue, green,
red and yellow. The ring gave the impression that it was rotating from right to left (counter-clockwise)
but this was a false optical effect . . . Up above, almost at the top of the cupola, he observed a series of
dark, vertical rectangles, which eventually proved to be the windows of the control cabin.

Temporarily ignoring Julio, who had paused to take in the breathtaking sight,
the  occupants  pressed  ahead  so  that  he  had  to  run  to  catch  up.  Arriving
underneath the central area of the craft, Julio noticed its completely smooth
surface,  as  though  moulded  in  one  piece,  with  no  rivets  or  fittings.  At  this
point,  he  became  aware  of  a  powerful  odour  of  pine,  or  possibly  ozone,  a
smell also detectable on board. Julio’s gun and knife ‘levitated’ upwards into
the craft.

A smooth, metallic cylinder then emerged silently from the centre of the
disc, stopping just above the ground. It was about four metres in height and
2.5  metres  in  diameter.  A  door,  sliding  upwards,  opened  in  the  descended
cylinder’s wall, revealing a small compartment lit by a strange light, ‘coming
from  everywhere’,  of  an  absolutely  pure  whiteness  which  Julio  found
thoroughly disturbing, although it did not hurt his eyes. By now frightened,
he hesitated before stepping through the door into the shaft. He found himself
in a cylindrical compartment, the walls of which were of the same finish as
the  exterior,  while  the  ceiling  looked  like  burnished  glass  or  plastic.  So
reluctant was the dog to follow its master that Julio had to drag him in. What
was  now  an  interior  elevator  rose  silently,  stopping  at  an  entrance  to  a
corridor,  where  the  party  alighted  (see  here).  Further  along  was  another
corridor, with two metallic doors, about 2.5 metres high.

These doors were very finely fashioned, and he could see no hinges, handles, or latches on them. The
whole appearance of the place was the most clinically aseptic that could be imagined . . . There were no
internal angles. The walls were continuous with the ceiling, being joined by a gentle curve.

Continuing along the circular passage, he suddenly came to a small ladder . . . it did not seem to him
logical that people with a technology capable of keeping a craft floating weightless four metres off the
ground should require a ladder in order to pass from one level to another!

As  Antonio  Ribera  points  out,  this  apparent  anachronism  turns  up  in  other
close-encounter and abduction cases (examples of which are cited in my book
Alien Base).  ‘In  our  own  Space  Age  technology,’  explains  Ribera,  ‘we  too
have  “antiquated”  gadgets  still  co-existing  beside  the  most  sophisticated
advances of our Science.’

The  ladder  looked  like  the  steps  of  a  swimming  pool,  with  a  very  shiny
finish  and  a  cylindrical  handrail.  The  semi-cylindrical  steps  were  set  at
intervals of about 40 centimetres. One of Julio’s hosts led the way, scaling
the  steps  in  two  jumps  with  phenomenal  agility.  With  some  difficulty,
carrying the dog under his right arm and with the gun over his shoulder, Julio
followed. He noticed that the railing felt exceptionally cold, a singularity also
reported by the American policeman, Herbert Schirmer, during an abduction
aboard a craft in Ashland, Nebraska, in 1967.4 At the top of the ladder, which
led up to a room through a circular hole, was another individual who, like the
others,  assured  Julio  that  he  had  nothing  to  worry  about.  Again,  it  was  the
odd interior lighting which caught Julio’s attention.

There was not the slightest bit of shadow. All colours could be seen evenly. It was a white, bright, pure
world  .  .  .  where  there  was  no  darkness  and  where,  when  you  looked  at  someone’s  skin,  you  could
count the very pores themselves . . . It inspired a feeling of peacefulness, though in this the structure of
the room played a part too.

‘One  might  here  postulate,’  wrote  Ribera,  ‘the  existence  of  a  technology
based  upon  molecular  excitation  and  producing  a  uniform  luminescence
possessing no points of origin.’

THE FLIGHT DECK
The ‘flight deck’, as it turned out to be, was about 15 metres wide and five
metres high (see here). Interestingly, unlike Julio’s shoes and the claws of his
dog,  the  steps  of  the  crew  members  made  no  noise  on  the  floor;  again,  a
curiosity noted in other such cases. In the centre of the flight deck stood a
kind of console, the description of which correlates well with the little-known
1951  South  African  contact  case  involving  a  British  engineer5  and  that  of
some other contact accounts. In shape it was like a desk or a bureau, Julio
reported. ‘It also had some resemblance to an electronic organ. It was about
2.5m wide and, standing on it, set in metal footings, was a transparent glass
screen. The control-table itself was standing upon a circular platform of the
same white material as the rest of the floor.’

Elsewhere on the flight deck stood three other, smaller consoles, about one
and a half metres wide, set around the circumference of the room, in front of
which  were  strange,  high,  conical  seats,  with  the  pointed  part  towards  the
bottom. (Herbert Schirmer reported two triangular-backed seats set in front of
a console and a large visiscreen for exterior viewing standing on top.) Also
set close to the surrounding wall was a large, square panel, about four metres
square,  leaden  greyish  in  colour,  and  a  rectangular  table  of  a  metallic,
blackish-blue sheen. Set around the dome at intervals of about one and a half
metres  were  rectangular  windows  made  out  of  what  to  Julio  looked  like
smoked  glass,  but  through  which  he  observed  the  countryside  perfectly,  in
colour, even though dawn had just arrived.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATIONS
Meanwhile,  Mus  had  been  around  the  flight  deck,  sniffing  at  everything,
including  at  least  one  of  the  aliens,  who  reacted  in  a  surprised  manner.
Concerned lest his dog should urinate, Julio called him to heel. ‘The sound of
the name “Mus” evoked great surprise among the entities,’ Ribera continues
in his report, ‘all three turning around with a faint expression of amazement
on their poker faces. The vocal means of communication cannot have seemed
strange to them, because Julio discovered in due course that they themselves
used speech sometimes. [It was] as though this particular sound may possibly
have had some meaning in their own language or was somehow familiar to
them.’

On  asking  where  his  hosts  originated,  Julio  received  an  unintelligible
mental response, including the expression ‘three, seven, squared’. After this
the aliens indicated that they would like to examine the dog and take blood
samples from him. Julio agreed. Mus was carried to the rectangular table and
blood from his paw was precisely, carefully extracted with a fairly normal-
looking  syringe  of  about  10  cc  capacity  (Julio  had  received  veterinary
training  for  three  years).  The  men  then  communicated  to  Julio  that  they
wanted to examine him and placed him behind the screen on the rectangular
table.  After  a  few  minutes  he  was  given  to  understand  that  was  all  to  be
required of him.6 But in subsequent recollections – which proved harder to
recover  and  which  clearly  he  found  very  disturbing  –  Julio  said  that
numerous  samples  had  been  extracted  from  him,  including  blood,  semen,
urine,  cerebro-spinal  fluid,  synovia  (a  viscous  fluid  lubricating  joints  and
tendon sheaths), saliva, and gastric and intestinal juices. He believed that two
women, similar facially to the men, were on board at the time.7

CENTRAL CONTROL
Politely ordered to sit on one of the seats at the central console, Julio did so.
He expected the conical seat to collapse, because the tapered end was inserted
in  the  floor,  but  it  seemed  solid,  rocking  a  bit.  The  seat  itself  was  square,
while  the  armrests  had  rounded  edges.  Next  to  Julio  sat  one  of  the  crew
members who, having raised the left armrest, nimbly fingered several silvery
buttons.  The  seat  began  to  revolve  along  a  track  in  the  floor.  The  crew
member’s long arms reached easily to the controls on the central console. ‘He
was  fingering  the  buttons  and  moving  the  switches  with  a  speed  and  an
assurance  that  were  simply  marvellous  .  .  .  all  without  looking,’  Ribera
relates.  ‘He  put  Julio  in  mind  of  a  first-class  typist,  from  the  speed  and
precision with which his long, fine fingers darted to and fro, the actual palm
of the hand remaining meanwhile motionless.’

At the sides were nine levers, set on each side in three rows, which were
black  and  delicately  shaped,  terminating  in  what  looked  like  nickel-plated
handles.  ‘Above  them  on  each  side  were  nine  truncated  cone-shaped  red
buttons . . . with a central depression. The automatic pilots [so assumed by
Julio]  were  hemispherical,  about  2  cms  in  diameter,  and  seemed  to  be
flashing continuously . . . changing colour in sequence.’

CRISIS MANAGEMENT
Julio continued to sit beside the crew member, his dog and gun at his side.
Suddenly, a brief, piercing whistle was heard, producing a commotion on the
flight deck. The tallest of the three crew members quickly headed toward one
of the console units and all three studied the remote viewing screens in front
of them. An image appeared on the screens of an older-looking man. At this
point  the  crew  members  began  talking  among  themselves,  their  telepathy
with Julio interrupted. The man on the screen, who seemed to be a superior,

spoke first, then the others conversed with him. The language sounded harsh
to Julio: later he described it as if it were a mixture of German and Korean.
As Ribera reports:

They seemed to ‘spit out’ the words as they were talking, and some of the sounds were like coughs.
They never modulated their speech; the words seemed to come up out of their stomachs [and] did not
seem to be produced by the vocal cords but to be thrown out by the diaphragm [and] from time to time
they  emitted  a  little  cry  as  though  they  were  choking.  Among  the  sounds  that  Julio  recalled  under
hypnosis there were many strong consonants, Ks and Rs and Ps, all pronounced very harshly [and] also
many vowels and diphthongs, like AU or UE, which sounded just like outright barking.

The image disappeared from the viewing screen. Julio found himself back in
telepathic  communication  with  his  hosts.  Hectic  activity  ensued,  as  crew
members started desperately pushing buttons. The central platform began to
rotate anticlockwise, halting when the control console came in line with what
Julio  assumed  was  a  ‘computer’.  Another  whistling  sound  could  be  heard,
from which point Julio seems to have ‘blanked out’ and it could have been
that the postulated second physical examination, described earlier, took place
at this point. The reason for the crisis was not communicated to Julio. The
next event he initially recalled was another piercing whistle, followed by a
brief reappearance of the superior’s image on the screen.

MISGIVINGS
The  crew  members  showed  interest  in  Julio’s  gun  and,  passing  it  around
among themselves, asked him about its use. He explained that he used it for
hunting animals.

‘Do you hunt because you need to?’ they enquired.
‘No, because I enjoy it,’ he replied. At this, the tallest of the three made a
gesture of disgust. Julio, who of course had unloaded his gun, showed them
two of his cartridges, opening one of them to display its contents. They asked
if they could keep the cartridges and deposited them into a metal cylinder.

A heavy smoker, Julio lit a cigarette. The men asked if they might take one
away for study and deposited it into the same cylinder. Julio then was asked
how  Earth  society  functioned.  ‘He  told  them  that  there  are  two  ideological
blocs here, and explained about our systems of government,’ Ribera reports.

He was amazed that people so well informed and so intelligent as they were should ask such simple
questions. They obviously knew their way about in external matters and so must surely know, if not
everything, at least almost everything about us! As a matter of fact his admiration for them began to
abate somewhat at this point, and meanwhile he was starting to have some misgivings about them. He
did not know whether they were perhaps ‘taking the mickey out of him’, or what they were up to.

DEPARTURE
Julio was escorted to the lift cylinder, the metal door rose and he was back
outside,  in  bright  sunlight.  He  staggered  back  to  his  car,  where  Mus,
immediately  bolting  from  the  cylinder,  awaited  him.  Julio  assumed  that  he
must have just awoken from a very vivid dream, but on checking Mus he was
bothered to notice what looked like a needle mark on one of his paws. The
car  engine  now  worked  and  Julio  headed  directly  back  to  Madrid,  without
bothering to look for the great disc. At about 13.00 he pulled to the side of
the  road  a  few  kilometres  from  Torremocha  del  Campo,  Guadalajara.  To
bring  himself  back  to  reality  he  did  some  hunting,  managing  to  take  home
over a dozen quail. According to Julio’s later recollections, it seems that he
may have returned to the craft for another ‘trip’ prior to this, although details
could not be recovered.8

PHYSIOGNOMY
Julio’s hypnotically induced recollections are rich in data, particularly those
relating to the physiognomy of the cosmonauts. As Antonio Ribera relates:
The extremely long hands looked . . . feeble and bony, very fragile, like the hands of pianists. Their
immensely long, fine fingers [were] thin and knotted – there was nothing but tendon and bone to be
seen beneath the skin [and] their fingernails were short and clean and normal . . . Their heads were also
different from the human head. The forehead went straight up for a good distance and then into a great
high  curve;  it  protruded  more  than  our  foreheads  do,  and  was  also  much  bigger.  One  of  their  most
typical features was a prominence over the eyes, very massive . . . As for the area of the temples, the
entities  had  the  parietal  bones  very  much  developed,  their  size  and  degree  of  convexity  being
considerable,  the  head  almost  a  huge  globe.  He  likewise  observed  no  ears,  these  being  presumably
covered by the hoods. [There were] no eyebrows, eyelashes, or traces of beard or hair.

The face was ‘bony’, with a long, thin nose and high cheekbones. The mouth
showed  as  a  mere  streak,  likewise  very  thin,  in  place  of  lips.  Among
outstanding  features  was  the  ‘cone-shaped’  chin,  described  as  ‘enormous,
projecting  outwards  and  downwards  and  ending  in  a  point’9  (see  here).
Interestingly,  in  the  1960s  the  contactee  George  Adamski  revealed  to  my
friend  Lou  Zinsstag  a  photograph  in  profile  of  ‘Orthon’,  the  spaceman  he
claims to have met first in the Californian desert in 1952, showing a long and
thin nose – and a markedly pointed chin.

In  her  commentary  on  the  physiognomy  of  the  extraterrestrials  allegedly
encountered by Julio Fernández, Dr María Teresa Pérez Alvarez hypothesizes
that the longer the chin, the more developed the race. ‘The chin is in fact a
relatively recent addition,’ she comments, ‘even in Neanderthal Man . . . the
chin was small. The chin appears in fact to have a relationship with man’s
erect posture, and its development, it seems, helps to confer on him his sense
of directionality. In the present case of Julio’s entities, it could be, as it were,
a  sort  of  counter-balance,  to  offset  the  tremendous  volume  of  the  cranium,
although this of course is only a hypothesis.’

Dr Pérez also comments that the size of the aliens’ crania suggests more
than  five  times  the  cranial  capacity  of  Homo  sapiens,  indicating  very  high
development.10

The eyes of the cosmonauts, said Julio, were quite unforgettable, ‘like two
huge beacons projecting from the face’. As Ribera reports: ‘The eyelids were
oval  in  contour  and  did  not  terminate  in  an  angle  or  a  fold,  as  they  do  in
humans. The iris, gigantic, was double the size of the normal iris of a human
eye, and was of a pale blue, almost transparent, shade. The pupil seemed to
be extremely dilated, and this gave them a hypnotic gaze as though in a kind
of  permanent  state  of  fright  or  shock  (though  –  paradoxically  –  it  had  a
tranquillizing effect).’

The skin colour of the aliens was extremely bluish-white, typical of those
who seldom go out in the sun, giving them a ‘Nordic’ caste. Julio believed
that  they  had  superior  night  vision  to  us,  owing  to  their  ability  to  walk  so
rapidly and gracefully in the dark, forcing him to take an average of one and
a half strides to their one.11

The extreme dilation of the eyes, says Dr Pérez, suggests ‘a habitat where
the light is soft and mellow, or simply does not hurt the eyes, and this fits in
again with the reported absence of any eye-lashes, the function of which is to
serve  as  shades  or  awnings,  and  it  fits  in  too  with  the  low  amount  of
pigmentation  in  the  iris,  and  also  with  the  parchment-like  colour  of  the
skin’.12

A PERFECT WITNESS?
Regrettably,  I  never  met  Julio  Fernández.  He  was  killed  in  a  car  crash  in
1992, coincidentally near the site where he claimed to have been abducted.
The police report states that he was already dead when his car crashed,13 so
presumably he suffered a fatal heart attack. He had led an interesting life, as a
keen  sportsman,  a  Tae  Kwon  Do  black  belt,  a  photographer,  mountaineer,
explorer and, of course, as a hunter – his main passion. Until his abduction
experience he held no interest in UFOs or parapsychology. As to the validity
of his story, Antonio Ribera points out that the psychological tests carried out
on Julio by the reputable experts revealed:

an  IQ  higher  than  normal,  together  with  a  very  well-balanced  personality,  perfectly  integrated  and
without  a  trace  of  the  psychopathic.  Julio  is  not  a  mental  defective  nor  a  concoctor  of  tales  nor  a
mythomaniac. On the contrary. He is a very realistic person, very objective, and, above all, incapable of
lying. Such were the results revealed by the psychometric tests carried out on Julio by the meticulous
and sceptically minded Jordán Peña, who in the course of his professional duties has done hundreds and
hundreds of psychometric laboratory tests of this kind and whom it would be impossible to deceive.
And this goes for the hypnotist, Dr Jesús Durán, who did not believe in the existence of UFOs until he
met Julio.14

Not  once  was  any  contradiction  found  in  any  of  the  numerous  statements
given  by  Julio  under  hypnosis.15  The  investigators  sensed,  therefore,  that
Julio was describing real events. And to Julio the aliens were palpably real;
they were neither robots nor were they projected images. With sunglasses and
beards, he believed, they should pass as natives of Scandinavian countries.16

AN ATROPHIED CULTURE
Among the interesting items of information imparted telepathically to Julio
by  the  cosmonauts,  both  during  and  after  his  alleged  abduction,  was  that
other,  shorter  beings  were  coming  here  who  were  less  evolved  ethically.
These others, it was explained, ‘are engaged in probing and “programming”
the minds of those humans whom they have contacted or kidnapped . . . And
relations between the two groups of visitors are not precisely of the best.’ Yet
again, a conflict of interests among alien species regarding Earth is indicated.
Asked by Julio why the cosmonauts did not seek out eminent scientists of
Earth with whom to establish these strange relations, they responded that the
greatest  of  our  scientists  ‘does  not  come  up  to  the  level  .  .  .  of  their  most
modest technicians’. What they are seeking are the ‘warm human qualities’
that have atrophied in their race which evidently have been lost ‘throughout
the course of the centuries of a harsh and difficult self-imposed evolution, in
a cold and hostile environment’.17 ‘They didn’t have a Beethoven’ was how
Julio  expressed  it.  ‘In  us,’  believes  Ribera,  author  of  several  books  on  the
subject of aliens,18 ‘they see – and they admire – what they had centuries ago
and  what  they  have  now  irremediably  lost  .  .  .  they  are  superb  biological
machines, frigid and perfect, but robotized, retaining merely an archaic sense
of humour as a relic of their lost humanity.’19

A corollary, then, if we compare a typical abduction scenario, is that Julio
was contacted specifically for the purpose of ‘humanization’ of the aliens. If
so, he is not alone. Ed Walters, for example, is one of a number of abductees
who  claim  that  aliens  (of  the  shorter,  bug-eyed  species,  at  least)  are  also
fascinated  by  human  emotions.  He  says  that  during  an  abduction  they
clamped a headset on him, then stimulated his memories so that the various
emotions engendered could be transferred directly to the creatures.20

Assuming some validity to these accounts, I do not discount the likelihood
that Earth is being exploited for its human – as well as other – resources.
‘Your  world  is  marvellous,’  Julio  was  informed  by  the  cosmonauts.  ‘Its
biological  richness  is  unbelievable.  There  are  very  few  worlds  like  it.  We
ourselves  don’t  know  of  a  single  other  one  like  it.  It  is  a  veritable  mine,  a
well-nigh inexhaustible mine of many of the things that we need, and that we
do not have: water for one. Unfortunately you yourselves have already begun
the process of destruction of this world. It is a story that has been repeated on
many  other  occasions:  it  happened  in  our  own  world  once,  centuries
ago . . .’21

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Ribera, Antonio, ‘The Soria Abduction: or – The Hunter Hunted: Part I’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 30, no. 3, May–June 1984, pp. 7, 8–9, translated by Gordon Creighton.
2. Letter to the author, 20 April 1999.
3. Ribera, op. cit., pp. 9–11.
4. Good, Timothy, Alien Base, pp. 271–3, 402.
5. Ibid., pp. 90–7.
6. Ribera, ‘The Soria Abduction: Part II’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 30, no. 4, July–August 1984, pp. 2–10.
7. Ribera, ‘The Soria Abduction: Part III’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 30, no. 5, September–October 1984, pp. 2–8.
8. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part II’, pp. 7–10.
9. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part I’, pp. 10–11.
10. Pérez Alvarez, Dr María Teresa, ‘Some Anatomical and Morphological Conclusions from the case of Julio F-’, in ‘The Soria Abduction: Part III’, pp. 4–5.
11. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part I’, p. 11.
12. Pérez Alvarez, op. cit., p. 5.
13. Letter to the author, 15 August 1998.
14. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part I’, p. 8.
15. Ibid., p. 7.
16. Ibid., p. 11.
17. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part III’, pp. 6–7.
18. See, for example, Secuestrados Por Extraterrestres (1981) and Encuentros Con Humanoides (1982), published by Planeta, Barcelona, and Abducción (1998), Ediciones del Bronce, Barcelona, which contains a chapter on the Julio Fernández case.
19. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part III’, p. 6.
20. Walters, Ed, and Walters, Frances, UFO Abductions in Gulf Breeze, Avon Books, New York, 1994.
21. ‘The Soria Abduction: Part III’, p. 7.


============================================================================================================
Chapter 8. The Creature of Pretare

MOULDED ‘MARTIAN’ PHOTOGRAPH DENOUNCED BY THE CARABINIERI

He moulded in clay a 70cm-tall ‘Martian’ with the miserable appearance of a foetus, quite scary and
with  three-fingered  hands,  showing  a  photograph  of  it  all  over  the  place,  causing  alarm  among  the
inhabitants of Arquata del Tronto (Ascoli Piceno) and arousing the curiosity of the press and TV. But
the brief moment of glory for Filiberto Caponi, aged 23, and a resident of the small district of Arquata
del  Tronto,  has  come  to  an  end,  with  a  charge  of  spreading  false  rumours  and  disturbing  the  public
peace. The Carabinieri worried about the unusual consequences, from telephone calls in the night by
people frightened by a strange animal’s noises and especially about the invasion of journalists trying to
find traces of the material used by Caponi for sculpting the puppet, or other evidence of what might
have  been  a  miraculous  Polaroid  photo  of  the  ‘Martian’  caught  walking  in  the  streets  of  Pretare.
Filiberto, interviewed by Visto and I Fatti Vostri and already contacted by numerous journalists from
abroad, has been charged under Article 656, and is risking up to three months in jail or a fine. It seems
that he has confessed the truth to the Carabinieri, yet he is still going around stating that he really did
see a ‘Martian’ . . .

Thus stated the Italian National Press Agency (ANSA) in its news release of
9  November  1993.  The  story,  which  caused  a  stir  in  Italy  although  not
elsewhere,  was  soon  dismissed  as  a  hoax  and  forgotten.  But  not  by  those
involved.

In November 1993 my friend Bruce Renton, a reporter who had written for
The Economist and Il Messaggero, among others, telephoned me from Rome,
where he lived, to tell me that he had watched a television talk show on the
channel  RAI-2  called  I  Fatti  Vostri  (Your  Affairs),  in  which  one  Filiberto
Caponi,  together  with  his  father  and  grandmother,  were  interviewed  by  the
famous television personality, Giancarlo Magalli. Excitedly, Bruce informed
me  that  a  series  of  six  colour  Polaroid  photographs  had  been  shown,  some
clearly depicting what appeared to be a bizarre creature of origin unknown,
photos taken by Filiberto outside the family home in Pretare di Arquata del
Tronto between May and October 1993. Suspecting a hoax, I asked Bruce for
his  opinion.  He  replied  that  the  photos  looked  genuine  and  that  the  family
seemed  sincere.  ‘I  think  you  should  come  over  and  meet  them,’  he  added.
‘I’d be glad to make arrangements and act as interpreter.’

A  luncheon  meeting  was  arranged  for  3  February  1994,  at  the  Foreign
Press Association in Rome. Filiberto was accompanied by his father, Bruce
by  Jasmin  Sagna,  a  photo-journalist.  After  that  memorable  first  occasion,  I
had further meetings with Filiberto and his family in Italy. What follows is
taken  directly  from  Filiberto’s  own  account  of  this  amazing  case,  which  I
asked him to write, translated by Bruce Renton (who died in 1998) and his
daughter Yasmin, and from my own extensive research, including interviews
and correspondence with Filiberto conducted between 1994 and 1999. In my
view not only is this an important case, it is also one from which much can be
learned; not least about the reaction of a small community to reports of an
alien being in its midst.

FIRST ENCOUNTER
Filiberto Caponi is a professional painter and ceramics artesan who lives with
his family in Pretare di Arquata del Tronto, a charming village in central Italy
in the province of Ascoli Piceno, resting on the slopes of Monte Vettore, a
mountain in the Apennines range which rises to some 2000 metres. The story
begins on the night of 9 May 1993.

‘It was about 11.30 p.m. and I was returning home by car from a nearby
village,’ said Filiberto.

As I was about to park the car in the garage I heard a very strange cry. At the time I did not attach
particular importance to what I heard, even though in a village like Pretare the usual silence of the night
is often broken by the cries of nocturnal animals, or by cats and dogs in the surrounding countryside. I
got out of the car to open the door of the garage.

Once outside the car, the sound became clearer. It seemed not to belong to any usual animal. I had
parked the car in the garage and was closing the shutter door when I was literally overwhelmed by that
cry or ‘lament’, which was getting closer and sounding very strange. On the road in front of me there
was little light though enough to establish that nothing was there. My curiosity aroused, I decided to
walk further down the road.

The further I walked the louder became the cry, until I came to the corner which stood between the
wall on my right and a house where the dim light of a street lamp created a dark corner. There I noticed
a whitish, spherical shape. The cry came from that very spot. My first thought was that it was probably
an animal trapped inside a small bag and that its cry sounded so strange because it was distorted by the
echo  which  can  be  caused  by  an  enclosed  space,  for  example  in  a  plastic  bag.  I  decided  to  set  free
whatever creature was trapped in there.

I stretched out my arms towards this spherical shape, though as a precaution I decided first to give it
a gentle push with my foot, fearing that the animal could either bite or scratch me. It was at that instant
that my life changed completely. The moment I touched it, the ‘bag’ leapt up into the air, emitting a
terrifying scream. I was dumbfounded. What had seemed to be a small ball had suddenly leapt up and
stretched itself like an elastic band. It jumped so vigorously that a small rock set in the ground beside it
rolled  away.  I  feared  that  the  ‘thing’  would  fall  over  me  so  all  I  could  do  was  move  back  a  little,
keeping  my  eyes  fixed  on  the  creature,  which  fell  back  on  the  ground  and  ran  down  the  road  at  an
alarming speed.

Though it had its back to me, I discerned a humanoid shape, in the sense that I noticed a head, small
arms, and long legs – from which hung white bandages – and the soles of its feet. The creature’s back
was curved and on it was a strange brownish bundle which seemed to deflate. There was no hair on the
head, which seemed to have stains on it that made it look spotted. It moved rapidly, oscillating swiftly
from  one  side  to  the  other.  It  thrust  its  legs  forward  and  its  short  arms  hung  by  its  side  as  though
atrophied. It ran headlong into a stone wall, as if it couldn’t stop. After the impact, it got up, relying
solely on its legs, jumped over the wall, screaming, and disappeared into the countryside. I was left
standing there, incredulous and frightened by all that had happened. I stood there for about 10 minutes,
staring at the wall, then went back to the car to drive around for a while, listening to some music in the
hope that it might help me to recover.

My head was full of all kinds of theories to explain what I had seen. It might have been a monkey, a
clown on the run from a nearby circus, an animal escaped from a laboratory, or a dwarf. As I continued
listening to the music, absurdly pretending nothing had happened, those images kept coming back to
me,  perhaps  a  normal  reaction  in  someone  who  cannot  rationalize  what  they  have  seen.  After  15
minutes, I decided to drive home. I was afraid the creature would suddenly jump out of the darkness,
but nothing happened. I wondered if it was terrified of me, considering the way it had run off. I tried to
identify with it, thinking that it was having the same thoughts as I was, which meant we were both
frightened by the encounter. Perhaps it was I who was the strange creature of the night!

Although  it  was  late,  Filiberto  knew  that  someone  in  the  family  would  be
awake. His mother, Domenica, opened the door.

I tried to look as normal as possible, but as soon as I walked in she noticed that I looked quite pale and
that my voice trembled. My mother knows when I am concealing something. She asked if my pallor
was due to a car accident, but I tried to reassure her that it was only the cold which had affected me.
Except for my grandmother (Antonia Perla), all the others were awake: my father (Luciano), my sister
Antonella, and my brother-in-law Giuseppe. They all began to notice my trembling voice and goose
pimples.  I  was  so  bombarded  with  questions  that  I  finally  decided  to  tell  them  a  little  of  what  had
happened.

I tried to play down the story, saying that I was frightened only because an animal had darted across
the  road  while  I  was  driving.  Everyone  seemed  satisfied  with  my  explanation  –  except  my  mother.
Seeing her still worried, I decided to tell them what had really happened. My mother was the only one
willing  to  believe  me.  The  others  tried  to  convince  me  that  it  was  just  a  trick  of  the  light  or  my
imagination.  To  prove  the  point,  Father  took  a  torch  and  asked  me  to  accompany  him  to  the  place
where I had seen the creature. While I was inspecting the wall over which it had jumped, Father stood
in the corner between the wall and the house, staring at something on the ground. He bade me to come
over.

When I came to the spot, I noticed a white bandage on the ground, soaked in a reddish substance
which looked like blood. Father asked if this could be part of the bandage in which its legs had been
wrapped. It looked like an ordinary medical bandage, the kind used for first aid. We decided that the
next morning we would go into town and take it to a medical laboratory for analysis. We wanted to be
certain  about  the  composition  of  that  reddish  substance  and  so  track  down  its  origin.  Fearing  an
infection, we avoided picking it up with our hands and used a little stick. We decided not to bring it into
the house and as a precaution inserted it under an old washing machine that had been left against the
wall of a neighbouring house.

SECOND ENCOUNTER
Filiberto was unable to sleep that night, the image of the creature haunting
him. Suddenly, at around 04.00, he heard the scream again.

I jumped out of bed, opened the door and ran out, shouting that the creature had come back. I could
hear its hurried footsteps on the cobbles as the scream moved away in the distance. I started running to
try and catch a glimpse of ‘him’, but it was useless. It was now 04.15 and I wondered what I was doing
in the middle of the street, in my pyjamas, chasing ‘nothing’!

In the meantime, my father had been looking out of the window and had seen me in this state. He
called me back, saying that he’d heard the scream but had seen nothing. So we stationed ourselves at
my parents’ bedroom window from where we could look down onto the road. My mother was very
frightened  and  stayed  in  bed.  Father  now  confessed  that  the  sound  had  shaken  him  and  that  he  was
beginning  to  see  the  story  in  a  different  light.  After  half  an  hour,  he  returned  to  bed.  At  the  very
moment when he told me to do the same, we heard that scream again. I flung the window open and
looked out on to the street and saw the creature cross the road quick as lightning and disappear under
the archway. I turned round and saw my father standing behind me with his eyes fixed in the direction
where the creature had disappeared. I asked if he had seen anything. He said he had, if only fleetingly,
but that didn’t matter because that brief moment was enough to convince him. So now I had another
witness.

My mother heard the creature as well, but stayed in bed, frightened. When told about our sighting,
she said innocently that maybe the creature was coming back for its bandage. By this time, everyone
else in the house was awake and we stayed up until dawn.

AFTERMATH
Later that morning Filiberto, together with his father and sister, prepared to
go down to the town to have the bandage sample analysed. When Antonella
went  to  retrieve  the  bandage,  it  was  nowhere  to  be  seen.  ‘I  turned  the  old
washing machine upside down but there was no sign of it,’ said Filiberto.

Maybe a dog or a cat had been attracted by the smell of the blood, or substance, and had carried it
away, yet that was impossible because they would have had to turn the washing machine upside down
to get at it. Suddenly we remembered my mother’s words: ‘What if the creature had really come back
for its bandages, perhaps because it had understood that this was the proof of its existence?’

I felt angry, disappointed and deceived. The proof we had was gone. I realized that my father’s and
my own testimony would not be enough to convince public opinion, especially in a village like mine,
where most people are reluctant to believe such stories. We decided therefore to keep it to ourselves,
treating it as a personal experience to be shared only with the family. We returned to our normal lives
but often our thoughts turned back to that episode.

My behaviour changed completely. I became more and more restless and bad-tempered, probably
due to the insomnia, which never abated. I thought that perhaps I was the only one to have touched a
creature which had come from God-knows-where, but I daren’t tell anyone for fear of ridicule. Every
night before going to bed I would look out of the window in the hope of seeing it again. Every noise in
the night made me jump out of bed and look out again, but there was no trace of it anywhere. I began to
think that it would never come back. This thought left me with a terrible feeling of emptiness. I started
keeping  everything  inside  and  creating  a  barrier  against  the  rest  of  the  world.  You  cannot  live  with

certain experiences if you cannot share them with anyone. I asked myself if that was the price I had to
pay for having been in a sense privileged, or chosen. But for what purpose?

Five days after the second encounter I woke up, got out of bed and instinctively looked out of the
window. It had happened at other times too, as if something had beckoned me to get up. This gave me
the idea of trying to take a photograph of the creature if it appeared again. Giuseppe had a Polaroid
camera and thought it would do, especially as my chances of seeing the creature again were minimal.

On various nights I waited in ambush with the camera, near the garage where the first encounter had
taken place. I would lie in wait from about midnight to 1 a.m., cold and frightened, though my curiosity
was  stronger  than  anything.  I  remember  one  night  when  my  heart  jumped  as  I  heard  the  noise  of
someone or something approaching. I had the camera ready but put it down once I realised it was only a
fox crossing the road.

THIRD ENCOUNTER
On  23  May  1993  the  silence  of  the  night  was  shattered  again  by  the  now
familiar scream of the creature. Filiberto awoke abruptly.

I jumped out of bed, grabbed the Polaroid, ran towards the door, unbolted it and flung it open. The
sound  of  footsteps  treading  on  the  road  was  almost  unreal:  I  realized  it  was  approaching  but  I  still
couldn’t see  anything.  The excitement  of  seeing  it round  the  corner  was overwhelming.  I  wanted  to
shout, to wake someone up, yet I couldn’t; and besides, I would probably have frightened the creature. I
aimed my camera in the direction of those hurried footsteps, though they were not as fast as they had
been the first time. This time it wasn’t running, but walking quickly. The creature positioned itself in
the  shadow  of  a  street  lamp  which  hung  underneath  my  balcony,  so  that  I  couldn’t  see  it  clearly.  I
thought that when it caught sight of me it would run away, but it just carried on walking in that funny
manner.  I  took  a  few  steps  in  its  direction  to  get  a  better  picture,  but  it  seemed  not  to  notice  my
presence.  I  was  overcome  with  excitement  and  joy,  and  it  was  at  that  moment  that  I  took  the  first
photograph, even though I realized the creature was too far away and concealed by the shadow of the
balcony.  When  the  flash  went  off,  the  creature  stopped  abruptly  and  turned  round,  then  carried  on
walking at the same pace. I had the impression that it could only see but not hear, because it didn’t turn
around at the sound of my approaching footsteps. Also, it could not really see the outline of my body
since it was walking with its head bowed. The creature noticed me only when the light of the flash had
lit up the surroundings.

When the Polaroid photograph had developed itself, I realized that the distance had been too great
and I threw it down without waiting for it to dry. I wanted to take a closer picture. This meant catching
up with the creature and trying to take a photograph of its face as well as its body, and I had to take
advantage of the fact that it wasn’t running but walking. I was afraid and hesitated for a while before
running after it, but I had to do so because I might never again have another chance like this. I didn’t
know how it would react nor whether it had an aggressive nature. I caught up with it. Now there were
only  two  metres  separating  us,  yet  the  creature  did  not  turn  round:  it  really  did  seem  as  though  it
couldn’t  hear  me.  I  wanted  to  stand  in  front  of  it  but  the  fear  of  overtaking  it  face  to  face  was  too
strong, so I stopped. My thumb, which had been as rigid as a piece of wood from excitement, managed
to press the button on the camera. At this second flash, the creature timidly turned towards me, so that I
managed to see a little of the face but not enough to understand what it really looked like.

With the photograph in my hand I ran faster than ever, shouting at the top of my voice that I had
done it: I had managed to immortalize the creature in my photograph! I was so excited that I ran into a
wall  and  hurt  my  hand.  In  the  meantime  my  father  awakened  and  was  looking  out  of  the  window,
asking why I was in my pyjamas again, screaming and running like a madman. I picked up the first
photograph that I had dropped on the ground and walked into the kitchen without looking at either one.
I wanted to see them with my family, under a good light. I put the two photographs under the light of
the chandelier, but they hadn’t developed yet: all that was visible was the outline of the creature. To see
them develop under my very eyes made it all the more exciting. After a few minutes the photos were
completely  dry  and  one  could  see  the  creature  clearly.  Father  came  downstairs  and  looked  at  the
pictures incredulously, while Mother shouted upstairs, asking what had happened. We went up to her
room and my father, without saying a word, put them on the bed. My mother hesitated for a moment,
but as soon as she picked them up she dropped them on the sheet, refusing to look at them. They both
asked how I had managed to take them. After explaining, I calmed them down by emphasizing that we
were not dealing with a dangerous entity.

The first photograph was not clear because of distance and darkness: one could distinguish only an
outline. The second one portrayed a creature in the act of walking, with its right limb raised. The sole of
its foot was visible as was its small head, slightly overshadowed by the ‘bundle’ on its back. Small
arms were attached to the brownish trunk, which seemed a little more bloated than when I first saw it.

These photographs created almost as much excitement as the actual sight of the creature. My mother
began  to  cry  with  emotion  whereas  Father  just  beamed  tenderly.  We  wanted  to  wake  up  my
grandmother, but then thought it would be better if we showed her the pictures in the morning. What
had  happened  was  extremely  important,  yet  my  father  believed  the  photographs  might  cause
complications in our lives. I didn’t understand him at the time. My happiness was such that I wanted to
telephone my sister and everybody I knew, but at that hour it was hardly a good idea and, besides, we
needed to think carefully before disclosing such an event.

I put the photographs in a wooden box that I was making and placed it beside my beside cabinet. We
all went to bed, even though for me – and I suspect my parents – it meant another sleepless night.

A STRANGE SEQUEL
Over  lunch  next  day  Filiberto’s  grandmother  was  brought  up  to  date.
‘Initially,  she  thought  we  were  joking,’  explained  Filiberto,  ‘then  she
associated everything with some kind of esoteric or mystical phenomenon. In
short, she believed it was a ghost. I decided to look at the photographs in the
light of day and, at the same time, convince my grandmother, so I went to the
bedroom to fetch them.’

As I entered the room, I immediately noticed that the lid of the wooden box in which I had put the
pictures was curving, as if the wood was undergoing some kind of contraction. I wondered if the wood
had not dried properly, causing it to shrink, but why was it happening at that very moment? After all,
the box had been there for a long time. Also, glued to the lid of the box was a piece of thin cardboard
covered in cloth on which was a drawing I had left unfinished, and the strange thing was that it did not
detach itself from the lid as would have been normal had it been contraction, but curved itself with the
wood, even though the wood was much thicker.

Alarmed, I lifted the lid. The moment I did so a strange smell, similar to that of burned plastic, filled
the room. Looking inside, I could see that the photo on top seemed to have changed, and when I lifted it
I  noticed  that  the  second  photograph  was  stuck  to  the  first.  The  outline  of  the  creature  was  raised,
creating a kind of bas-relief, as if the flat figure had transformed itself into a three-dimensional one.
Terrified, I let the photos drop to the floor and shouted to the family. They did not immediately realize
what had happened, but then father picked up the pictures and could see the transformation they had
undergone. My grandmother reacted hysterically, telling us to throw them away at once because she
was  convinced  this  was  the  work  of  an  evil  spirit.  My  mother  thought  the  same,  but  father  tried
reassuring us by saying that it was probably just a chemical reaction.

We examined the top photograph. Unable to see the condition of the lower one, we separated them
carefully. As we did so, we realized that the second photograph also had undergone a change. Both
pictures seemed to have swollen in proximity to the outline of the figure. At the centre of the figures the
layer on the surface had risen, creating a hole which, however, did not penetrate to the back. It seemed
as if the image of the creature wanted to rise on the clearer picture – the one on top. It was even more
obvious because, apart from creating a relief of itself, it had also slightly broadened, leaving only the
part where the head was visible unaltered.

We also noticed that underneath the lid, near the curvature, was a dark circular stain, and the piece of
paper  which  had  been  placed  between  the  two  photographs  was  slightly  burned  with  a  hole  in  the
middle. Strangely, the other objects in the box had not been damaged. It looked as if a beam or source
of heat had cut through the lid, the two photographs and the little piece of paper between them. This
seemed the only possible explanation, but what kind of beam was it?

We all now were agreed on one point: If it had been inadvisable to reveal the photographs, it was
now out of the question to say anything at all about the events either; at least, not until experts had been
called in. We put the photographs in a plastic bag and cleared the box of all the other items. While
doing  so,  I  found  a  torch,  which  made  me  think  that  all  this  could  have  been  due  to  the  chemical
reaction  from  a  leaked  battery,  given  the  pictures  were  not  yet  dry  when  I  put  them  in  the  box.
Ultimately, though, I did not believe this to be possible because, hard as I tried, I couldn’t reconcile it
with the fact a chemical reaction could have taken place only on the image of the creature.

RUMOURS
Two days later Filiberto overheard a conversation between two women in the
village  who,  while  hanging  out  their  washing,  were  talking  about  strange
screams  in  the  night.  One  said  that  the  spirit  of  an  old  woman  who  had
recently died was wandering around the streets at night. Filiberto found an
excuse for joining in the conversation.

I knew both women, and they explained to me how they had heard the screams moving very rapidly,
and that others had heard the same. I parted from them, feigning mere curiosity.

The  most  absurd  rumours  were  going  around  the  village,  though  some  attributed  the  screams  to
drunkards or animals. I was sorely tempted to explain to everyone just what those screams came from,
even  though  I  realized  that  my  explanation  would  have  been  regarded  as  the  most  absurd  of  all,
especially if I couldn’t support it with proof. I had to remain silent, but in case I decided to show the
photographs to someone, I started buying specialized magazines in which I found the names of various
organizations  and  UFO  centres.  Among  these  was  the  National  Ufology  Centre  in  Rome,  and  I
promised myself to go there as soon as possible.

Ten days later I visited Carlo, a friend of mine, in his studio, for reasons connected with my work.
As  soon  as  I  entered  the  room  he  greeted  me  with  a  strange  expression  –  ‘Hallo,  elf!’  This  seemed
peculiar and I asked him why he called me that. He said it was quite spontaneous and there was nothing
wrong in saying that. At that time I was particularly susceptible and wondered if maybe he knew about
my story and had associated the definition of ‘elf’ with that strange creature. Eventually, pressed by the
need to confide in a friend, I decided to tell him everything, making him swear not to tell anyone. He
listened to me carefully. I thought he wouldn’t take me seriously, but on the contrary, he was very upset
by both the story and at the state of shock I was in. Carlo had also overheard certain conversations in
the village but thought them fanciful.

Unexpectedly,  Carlo’s  brother  suddenly  turned  up  at  the  studio.  The  expression  on  his  face
immediately betrayed the fact that he had been eavesdropping. Now it was three of us who knew the
story, so there was nothing left but to ask him to keep the secret to himself. He confided that for a while
now he had heard of a family in the village that had been hiding a deformed child, letting him out only
at night. I pointed out that it couldn’t possibly have been a child, even though it had a humanoid shape,
because  a  child  could  not  run  in  that  way  and  I  did  not  believe  that  nature  could  conceive  genetic
mistakes of that kind. He persisted that for some time he had been suspicious of a certain family in the
village. It was true that this family was particularly introverted and socially isolated; that they hadn’t
been out for years, and that this would only serve to encourage such an absurd theory.

The two brothers asked if they could see my photographs. I explained that it was not appropriate and
that in any case it was probably a mistake to have confided in them. In a small village, no matter how
hard you try to keep a secret, it is bound to come out sooner or later. I hoped, however, that the very
weirdness of my story would dissuade them from disclosing it. After all, my reputation was at stake.

FOWL DEATHS
Following his meeting with the two brothers, Filiberto left the studio and on
his way home called in at the village café-bar, a regular meeting point for the
locals.  There  he  overheard  a  conversation  between  two  elderly  men
discussing an abnormally high number of deaths among the local chickens,
which they attributed to some fierce ‘beast’. Apparently, this beast had killed
dozens of chickens. At this point, a third person joined in the conversation,
claiming  that  20  chickens  had  been  killed  in  one  night  alone.  They  were
found piled on top of each other with no trace of wounds or blood. This last
statement puzzled Filiberto.

Theories began to crowd my mind. Was this the creature’s doing? And if so, maybe it killed the hens to
drain them of their liquids, like blood and water. In other words, it was a kind of vampire. To be certain
of this, one had to examine the carcasses, but they had already been buried, and I didn’t know where.
So I went to the owner of the henhouse. He must have thought it odd, but he did tell me that he had
buried them in the ground surrounding the henhouse, without showing me precisely where. He couldn’t
understand my sudden interest in his poor hens, so I made an excuse saying that they could be given to
an organization that collected food for starving dogs. He said that was inappropriate considering their
unusual death: were it not so, he would have eaten them himself.

I said nothing and reached the place he had pointed out to me. The plot of land was much too vast for
me to start digging without making a mess. I did notice, though, that the only access to the henhouse
was a small open window, quite high up, so that the animal that killed these hens must have entered
through there. The creature I had seen was quite small, about 70 centimetres high, so it could easily
have come in through the window.

If my suspicions were well-founded, and the creature was the cause of these deaths, it obviously did
not belong to this world. I am well acquainted with the behaviour of animals in this area and none has
this strange habit. The slaughter of hens continued, but some had been strangled and others taken away;
at least, that is what the owners said. So the situation began to complicate itself again. I was angry: it
seemed that every time I reached a conclusion, someone or something would undermine it.

THE STORY LEAKS OUT
The  following  evening  Filiberto  went  to  the  café-bar.  ‘A  tomb-like  silence
reigned,  which  was  most  unusual,’  he  reported.  ‘It  felt  as  if  everyone  was
expecting something from me.’

One of the men asked me to step outside for a talk. I could never have imagined that he was acquainted
with my story, and this upset me a great deal. Obviously one, or perhaps both, of the two brothers had
been unable to resist the temptation of blurting out everything. So now the mechanism anticipated by
my  father  and  me  had  been  set  in  motion.  I  attempted  to  deny  everything  but  the  man  knew  of  the
existence  of  the  photographs  and  demanded  to  see  them.  I  did  my  best  to  defuse  the  situation  by
dismissing the story as a joke or wild rumour.

That evening, Filiberto met Carlo and accused him of leaking the story to
others  in  the  village.  At  first  protesting  his  innocence  and  blaming  his
brother, he later admitted to having confided in a friend.

The following day various villagers approached Filiberto, bombarding him
with questions and begging to see the photographs.

I realized I had to stop the villagers and others from invading my house, so I told them I no longer had
the pictures as I’d sent them to a research centre – which I had planned on doing in any case.

The news spread quickly, even to nearby villages. Many claimed that it was all a big farce, while
others took it very seriously. In a way, I hoped people would believe it was a joke, but there was always
someone who wanted to get serious about it all and turn it into a confrontation.

I discovered that the story had spread even to the nearby town of Ascoli Piceno. Over and over again
I was stopped in the street by people who knew me and who expected an explanation that I couldn’t
give.  It  became  practically  impossible  to  walk  down  the  street  in  Pretare,  so  that  for  a  time  I  was
obliged to give up going out altogether.

IL MESSAGGERO
In late June 1993, tired of rumours and unwanted attention, Filiberto decided
to  contact  Il  Messaggero,  an  important  Italian  daily  newspaper,  only  to
discover that they already knew about the story and were sending a reporter
to Pretare to investigate.

I told them it was preferable to get the true version of the story from me, thus avoiding a frivolous
article  dealing  with  ghosts  and  elves.  We  made  an  appointment  for  28  June.  Accompanied  by  my
mother, I went to the editorial offices, taking with me the box containing the photographs.

The reporter who met us did not know about the existence of the photographs, and was astounded
when he saw them. As I suspected, he had thought he would be dealing with a fairy tale which he had
planned to entitle ‘The Elf from Pretare’. Now he agreed it was a much more interesting story – a real
‘scoop’ for his newspaper.

Before starting the interview I explained that even I could not say what the creature was, and that I
would stick to an objective version, with the photographs as proof. I hoped that publishing the photos
would  arouse  the  curiosity  of  someone  who  dealt  seriously  with  such  phenomena  and  who  could
provide a logical and scientific explanation for these events, thereby satisfying public opinion. I wasn’t
certain if I was doing the right thing by disclosing my story, yet there was nothing else to do. Anyway,
in time people would forget, and my family and I would find peace again.

On 1 July 1993 the article – under the headline I HAVE SEEN E.T. – appeared in
Il Messaggero, together with photos of Filiberto displaying the Polaroids, and
his mother. Copies sold out rapidly. ‘The story was related accurately – with
the  exception  of  one  word,’  said  Filiberto.  ‘At  the  point  when,  on  that  9th
May, my mother gave me a glass of cold water to recover from the shock, the
editors changed the “glass of water” into a “glass of mulled wine”. Also, the
Polaroids,  printed  in  black  and  white,  were  so  small  that  one  could  hardly
distinguish them, whereas the photos of mother and myself took up most of
the page.’

Following  publication  of  the  article,  Filiberto  received  a  letter  from  the
Italian  Centre  for  UFO  Studies  (Centro  Italiano  Studi  Ufologici  –  CISU),
based in Turin. CISU asked for Filiberto’s notes, drawings and copies of the
photographs, explaining that these would be used for scientific purposes, and
that one of their members would visit him as soon as possible. Filiberto sent
CISU  a  detailed  report,  with  drawings  of  the  creature  seen  from  different
angles.

I did not send the photographs because there were no copy negatives, and it was too risky to send them
to a centre I knew so little about. They took an extremely long time to answer. Perhaps they wanted to
see how events would evolve before replying or coming to see me.

After this first exposure in the press, I was bombarded with letters and telephone calls from writers,
magicians,  children,  ordinary  people  and  those  who  had  had  encounters  themselves.  What  really
pleased me was the fact that these people seemed very happy about what had happened to me, because
they regarded this as proof at last for the existence of some kind of extraterrestrial being. Finally, I too
began to convince myself that I had experienced a close encounter with an alien.

I also received letters from fanatics and sects. These worried me somewhat. Some claimed that this
phenomenon  was  the  beginning  of  an  era  of  evil,  represented  by  the  ‘little  devil’,  whereas  others
claimed it was a sing from heaven. A magician wrote to me saying that I would see the creature again
and that we would communicate telepathically, as it was the only form of communication possible to
aliens. This aroused my curiosity and I began to wonder if the creature had probably spoken to me but
that I had not been capable of receiving its message. Perhaps I should have tried to speak to it or tried to
make  myself  understood  with  gestures,  to  establish  a  relationship  of  trust  between  us.  On  the  other
hand, I would have gone mad if I had taken into account all the strange theories expounded in those
letters.

Going out became a problem, not just for me but for my family and friends. It was the price I had to
pay  for  appearing  in  the  newspapers.  All  those  friends  who  used  to  approach  me  on  the  street  to
question me were now themselves being approached by people who hoped to get some information on
me and on the places where the ‘alien’ had visited.

The telephone calls Filiberto received were from friends, relations, or simply
curious people – with the exception of one anonymous caller with a strong
Florentine accent who, after a brief conversation, hung up, refusing to give
his name, for reasons that he promised to divulge in due course.


===========================================================================
Chapter 9. Dead or Alive

One afternoon late in June 1993 two friends, Carlo and Professor Aleardo F.,
arrived  excited  at  Filiberto’s  studio  to  tell  him  about  two  sightings  of  a
strange creature in Pescara and Sulmona (60 and 100 kilometres respectively
from Pretare), which had been widely reported in the media. The professor
said that both he and the rest of the village were now more inclined to believe
Filiberto’s story.

During  a  training  flight  from  Pescara  airport  on  15  June  1993,  five
members  of  the  fire  brigade  (Vigili  del  Fuoco),  flying  an  Agusta/Bell  412
helicopter,  were  surprised  by  the  sight  of  an  unusual  aerial  object  which
joined them at their flight level of 600 metres. Although a collision seemed
imminent,  the  object  made  a  rapid  manoeuvre  and  avoided  the  helicopter.
Captain Vincenzo D. took over control from a trainee pilot and executed a
left turn. His report follows:

The  object  appeared  to  me  and  the  crew  as  about  1.30  metres  in  height,  like  a  small  diving-suit  or
space-suit with a little sphere or globe on top that could have been the head, about 50cm in diameter,
with two large and easily visible oval-shaped ‘eyes’. From the top of the ‘trunk’ slightly protruded what
looked like two ‘bags’, beneath which were ‘legs’, of a yellow-ochre colour . . . We continued on a left
turn, with the object always keeping to our right. After a few moments, it turned, then flew around our
helicopter twice before darting away at an estimated speed of 300–400 k.p.h. As it turned, I could see a
kind of antenna or aerial coming from the top of the head.

We radioed Pescara airport and asked if they could look in our direction and try and see where the
object  went,  but  it  wasn’t  possible.  The  controller  contacted  the  Carabinieri,  but  they  couldn’t  find
anyone else who had seen it. The object was flying against the wind without any adverse effect, and
from the way it moved, it seemed it was showing interest in the helicopter.1

On  the  afternoon  of  20  June  1993  Giuseppe  Zitella,  a  49-year-old  former
non-commissioned officer of the Italian Air Force, together with members of
his  family,  encountered  a  strange  creature  in  a  wheat  field  at  Pettorano  sul
Gizio,  near  Sulmona,  in  central  Italy  –  about  100  kilometres  south-east  of
Filiberto’s village, Pretare. Signora Zitella noticed something in the sky near
a row of poplar trees which looked like a child’s balloon, of the sort made in

the  shape  of  a  doll  or  animal,  that  seemed  about  to  land.  She  alerted  her
husband. As Zitella approached the object to pick it up, he realized that the
‘balloon’ was some kind of creature.

‘It was 80 centimetres high with brown legs attached to the round head,’
reported Zitella. ‘It seemed to be all covered by black plastic, and on the legs
I saw a V- or U-like sign. It didn’t say anything. It looked me in the face. I
have no doubt it was alive.’ The creature had two black eyes and what looked
like an antenna coming out of its head. As soon as Zitella attempted to touch
it, the creature leapt two metres in the air (as happened in the Caponi case)
then made two or three more leaps, hovering between each leap in mid-air as
it  moved  away,  then,  as  if  propelled  by  a  mysterious  energy,  it  rose
perpendicularly  and  flew  off  backwards.  Police  and  scientists,  some
reportedly  from  the  National  Research  Council,  investigated  and  found
burned  areas  at  intervals  of  10–15  metres,  where  the  creature  had  touched
down, in the wheat field.2

‘After listening to these incredible stories,’ said Filiberto, ‘I told them I had
never seen the creature fly nor had I seen the antenna nor the inverted U- or
V-shape,  but  that  some  of  the  other  details  corresponded  to  my  own
experiences.’

There  were  more  reports  from  this  period,  in  the  same  part  of  Italy,  succeeding  one  another,  which
made  me  think  that  something  important  was  about  to  happen.  The  hypothesis  that  these  were
extraterrestrial creatures seemed more likely now. Was it a coincidence that the sightings occurred so
close to the Adriatic coast?

I resented the fact that people were only now starting to believe me now that they had heard of the
other sightings; however, I did care about what others thought, because my credibility was in question.
So I tried to put myself in others’ shoes, trying to experience this story as an outsider, with both the
perplexities and the ignorance that people have with regard to UFOs. Although I had never seen a UFO
and was no expert ‘ufologist’, I gradually acquired a vast amount of knowledge on the subject, reading
books and collecting all the articles concerning the events that took place in Sulmona and Pescara and
many others that followed.

THE CREATURE AGAIN
One evening late in June 1993, Filiberto joined his friends and neighbours at
the village club to watch a film on television. Some left during the interval,
but  Filiberto  remained  with  three  friends,  including  Carlo,  the  brother  in
whom he had originally confided his story. After the film, Filiberto and Carlo
left the club. Filiberto describes what happened next:

We were walking down the road and talking when Carlo suddenly stopped, pointing fearfully in the
direction of a big gate from behind which came that deafening scream I knew so well, a scream that
echoed in the silence of the night. With a stunned expression on his face he asked me if it belonged to
the creature. I said it did, and asked him to stay calm and do as I told him, explaining that the scream
meant that the creature had never left our village, and that with a bit of luck we would see it tonight.
Now, after one long month, I was tracking down that creature again, ironically in the company of the
person who had divulged the news of its existence.

Silently,  we  moved  in  the  direction  of  the  gate,  behind  which  was  a  large  garden  with  tall  plants
obstructing our view. As the scream drew nearer, we reached the gate and decided to climb over. I went
first and told Carlo to follow, but he grabbed my leg and pulled me down again, begging me not to go. I
tried to calm him down, telling him there was no danger. My thought at the time was that if Carlo could
see the creature too, then we would have another witness. I told him that maybe we could catch the
creature and help it, if needed, but Carlo ran off to get the couple who had stayed behind at the club,
while I waited.

They all arrived a couple of minutes later. The girl, on hearing that metallic-sounding scream, began
screaming herself, pleading with her fiancé not to go near it and let it be – whatever it was. He told her
to keep quiet or she would frighten the creature away, but by this time its scream was barely audible. So
he and I climbed over the gate while the others waited at the end of the road. All of a sudden the scream
returned,  loud  and  piercing,  heading  in  our  direction.  The  girl  screamed  again,  begging  us  to  come
down because that ‘thing’ was coming towards us. Her boyfriend turned back and as soon as he had
climbed over the gate – to which I was still clinging – he grabbed some stones and started throwing
them in the direction of the scream. I begged him to stop, but it was too late: the scream was already
vanishing  in  the  darkness,  leaving  us  in  complete  silence.  We  waited  for  15  minutes  in  the  hope  of
hearing some other signal. Nothing happened, so we walked back to the village square to talk about it.

The couple confessed to Filiberto that they had never really had much interest
in the ‘ET’ story, but after this experience they saw everything in a new light.
The  group  wondered  whether  it  was  now  time  to  turn  to  the  police  who,
strangely, had never become involved with the affair, though they must have
read  about  it  in  the  newspapers.  The  group  decided  otherwise.  ‘That  little
creature  was  neither  dangerous  nor  aggressive,’  said  Filiberto,  ‘and  one
hardly  needed  the  intervention  of  the  authorities  who  probably  would  have
launched  an  “alien  hunt”,  turned  against  me,  confiscated  my  photographs,
and  God  knows  what  else.  So  it  was  best  to  wait  for  the  CISU,  or  other
research  centres,  to  pronounce  their  verdict  on  the  creature  and  on  the
mysterious  distortion  of  the  photographs,  thus  quenching,  I  hoped,  my
terrible thirst for knowledge.’

DILEMMA AND CONTROVERSY
‘During our conversation,’ Filiberto continued, ‘my friends picked up on the
fact  that  I  was  still  in  possession  of  the  photographs.  This  was  unfortunate
because  it  meant  that  once  again  my  house  would  be  flooded  with  people,
disrupting the peace we’d had until that evening.’

After that night I thought about trying to catch this creature. After all, there was nothing to fear as I was
convinced  it  was  harmless.  But  what  if  I  succeeded?  I  could  never  let  it  be  known:  the  authorities
would seize it and dissect it on a laboratory table, or perhaps keep it locked up in a cage. On the other
hand, were I successful in capturing it, such an act might be interpreted as an act of aggression, thus
compromising any possibility of a ‘friendship’ developing between us.

Filiberto’s  conviction  that  people  should  know  more  about  the  story  grew
stronger, yet he found himself continually surrounded by controversy.

Many accused me of having fabricated the whole story in order to get money and publicity. There were
a few, however – mostly those who had heard the screams in the night – who believed me and who
claimed they had the right, as inhabitants of the village, to see my photographs. Others took the view
that if any of this were true, the authorities and experts would have intervened. I responded simply that
stories like mine did not necessarily need confirmation from others (though it would have been useful)
and  that  the  photographs,  my  integrity  of  character  (which  had  never  been  questioned  before)  were
sufficient  proof  of  the  story’s  authenticity.  I  decided  to  show  all  the  material  I  had  to  anyone  who
wished to examine it. This time, at least, I didn’t have to hide anything from anyone.

‘MAZZAMORELLI’
Although people were disconcerted by the picture of the little creature, most
did not associate it with that of an alien; rather, they believed it depicted an
elf, known in the local dialect as a mazzamorello. As Filiberto explains:

In  local  tradition,  mazzamorelli  are  small  creatures  that  live  in  the  forest  undergrowth.  Each
mazzamorello  supposedly  carries  a  stick  to  hit  anyone  who  tries  to  steal  his  gold-filled  ‘pendulum’.
Many villagers consulted books in the library on mythology and folklore. The mazzamorello became
the endearing official name for my little friend, though I felt that what needed to be pursued was the
theory of non-terrestrial creatures – or at any rate of creatures not belonging to any known species. All
this  talk  of  a  sub-human  species  was  absurd.  Elderly  people  would  leave  my  house  in  a  hurry,
convinced that ‘the spirits’ had altered those photographs.

STOP
On  10  July  1993  a  reporter  from  the  weekly  magazine  Stop  turned  up
unannounced at the Caponi house and requested an interview. ‘I was told that
if  my  story  was  related  in  the  right  way  and  accompanied  by  the
photographs,’ said Filiberto, ‘it might be published by other magazines, and
that I could make a lot of money.’

Until that moment, I had never given much thought to the possibility of making money with my story.
So far, I had only lost money because people visited my house so frequently that I had lagged behind
with  my  work.  Every  time  someone  came,  I  had  to  tell  my  story,  even  though  it  had  already  been
published.  The  journalist,  Leonida  Barezzi,  told  me  I  was  the  only  person  in  the  world  who  had
managed  to  photograph  an  alien.3  All  the  archives  were  full  of  photographs  of  flying  objects  and
luminous spheres, but not of aliens, he said. So there seemed nothing wrong in making some money. I
had given my story freely to Il Messaggero, after all, and they had made a real ‘scoop’ out of it.

We showed Barezzi the photographs. After examining them carefully he threw them on the table and
asked  us  why  they  were  damaged,  blaming  us  for  ruining  such  crucial  documentation.  We  were
dumbfounded. I explained that the photos had ‘burned themselves’ in mysterious circumstances – as
had  already  been  reported  by  Il  Messaggero.  He  apologized,  admitting  that  he  had  read  only  the
beginning of that article. Now the idea of payment for the article evaporated. Barezzi pointed out that
one could not sell damaged photographs as proof to any magazine. However, I agreed to the story being
published. Stop had a good circulation, though it was rather cheap-style: I would have preferred to have
the story appear in a scientific review.

Filiberto  refused  to  part  with  his  precious  Polaroid  photos,  but  agreed  to
Barezzi’s  request  to  make  a  sketch  of  the  creature’s  profile.  The  article,
accompanied by photographs of Filiberto and his family and the places where
the creature had been observed, would be published on 17 July 1993.

THE LUNATIC FRINGE, THE CURIOUS AND A MIRACLE SEEKER
A few days after the interview for Stop, Filiberto received another telephone
call from the anonymous man with a Florentine accent.

He  asked  me  whether  there  had  been  any  further  developments  and  if  the  ‘men  in  black’  had  been
following me. I told him that I had seen no such ‘men in black’. As before, I insisted that he introduce
himself, or I would not speak with him again. He replied that he could not give me his name because he
suspected my telephone was bugged. He also advised me not to publicize the story because it would
trigger the intervention of various detective agencies, especially those of the United States. The ‘men in
black’,  he  claimed,  were  none  other  than  Pentagon  agents  whose  job  was  the  gathering  of  UFO
information for the purpose of keeping it secret. I was somewhat disturbed by all this, yet I couldn’t
bring myself to trust someone who wouldn’t even introduce himself. Then he told me of an experience
he claimed to have had with an alien creature.

He begged me not to attempt to capture the creature, as he had done: his own attempt having left him
partially burned. Sounding on the verge of tears, he pointed out that any creature that feels threatened is
naturally going to defend itself. He also assured me that I would see the creature again very soon. In
any  event,  I  was  supposed  to  look  out  for  big,  black  cars  with  tinted  windows  and  men  dressed  in
elegant  dark  suits.  I  explained  that  if  my  phone  was  bugged,  his  call  could  be  traced  anyway.  He
responded that he was speaking from a public phone, and before hanging up gave me further cause to
worry  about  these  men  in  black:  apparently  they  were  connected  with  the  disappearances  of  many
people who had been in contact with aliens.

Was  I  to  take  him  seriously,  or  was  he  just  a  lunatic?  What  perplexed  me  was  his  apparent
disinclination to recollect fully what had happened to him, as if he had been terribly traumatized by the
experience. When I had questioned the authenticity of his story, he did not become defensive, yet he
seemed offended, describing burns that covered most of his body after the scuffle with the alien.

Two days later Filiberto was called by the spokesman of a group of young
men  in  Florence  who  dedicated  themselves  to  the  study  of  extraterrestrial
phenomena  on  a  purely  private  basis.  Many  in  the  group  supposedly  had
undergone experiences with aliens and bore the ‘signs’ on their bodies. The
anonymous Florentine caller, it later transpired, was a member of this group.
The Caponi residence was besieged by all manner of curious people: those
who  simply  wanted  to  meet  Filiberto  and  see  for  themselves  where  the
creature  had  been  seen,  those  who  issued  dire  warnings  (such  as  the
anonymous Florentine) and, in one case, a young man paralysed from a car
accident who turned up in his wheelchair in the middle of the night. ‘After
waiting  in  vain  for  a  miraculous  encounter  with  the  creature  that  he  hoped
would make him walk again,’ said Filiberto, ‘he and his friends thanked me
and left.’

SEARCH PARTIES
The following evening some of the villagers in Pretare decided that the only
way  to  give  any  credibility  to  the  story  about  the  creature  was  to  launch  a
search  party.  Reluctantly,  Filiberto  agreed  to  accompany  them.  At  about
midnight the group of ten set off, but returned having found nothing. This did
not deter other villagers and soon the number of search parties grew steadily.
Filiberto became concerned.

The village was practically empty between midnight and four in the morning. Everybody, it seemed,
would go into the surrounding countryside searching for the creature. Only later did I find out that this
had  also  already  happened  in  neighbouring  villages.  Since  publication  of  the  Messaggero  article,  I
discovered that strangers in the area had told the journalist that if the creature really existed they would
capture it – dead or alive. Evidently, the search had escalated into an all-out ‘war’ against the creature.
Nobody was certain of its existence yet all seemed desperate to find it, lured probably by the idea of
appearing in the media and possibly making money out of it.

Meanwhile,  the  article  in  Stop  appeared.  Its  headline  –  I  HAVE  SEEN  THE
MONKEY-MAN THAT HAS LANDED ON EARTH – angered Filiberto, who had yet to
adjust to the fact that such sensation-mongering headlines are the lifeblood of
the pulp press. ‘I had cautioned the journalist not to attribute names too easily
to something that even I could not properly identify,’ he complained.

As for the rest, however, it was clearly expressed and entirely factual, and referred to the sightings in
Sulmona and Pescara. In the latter part of the article, where the nightly expeditions were described, the
creature was correctly portrayed as ‘a wounded animal uttering cries in the night, the like of which had
never been heard on Earth, inspiring both tenderness and fear’.

The  goal  of  these  expeditions,  the  article  continued,  was  to  find  the  alien,  dead  or  alive.  The
participants  were  described  as  ravenous  hunters  armed  with  weapons  as  well  as  cameras.  Later  I
learned that some of them even carried guns. All this frightened me, because if anyone had been injured
I would have been held responsible and this would have attracted the attention of the local authorities,
who so far had not become involved.

During  ensuing  days  Filiberto  received  an  increasing  number  of  telephone
calls from cranks, cultists and sectarians, including one from the anonymous
Florentine. ‘I warned you, but you would not listen,’ he told Filiberto, then
hung  up.  Meanwhile,  the  villagers  prepared  for  yet  another  night-time
expedition, this time with a hunting dog called Dick. Because of his concerns
about  the  authorities  –  particularly  the  Carabinieri  –  Filiberto  objected,  but
the  villagers  persuaded  him  that  there  was  no  harm  in  going  out  for  a
‘summer night stroll’.

Towards midnight, we picked up our torches and headed for a country lane which led to the gate of a
large garden. Our group, comprising ten people, suddenly came to a halt. There was that unmistakable
scream again. It was so close that we were rooted to the spot. Dick, our dog, started barking and leapt
over the gate then over a stone wall, finally disappearing into the bushes. We could hear Dick whining
– the sort of noise hunting dogs make when they detect game – it mingled with the creature’s scream as
if the two were fighting. By the time one of the men had decided to jump over the wall, the dog was
hurled  violently  over  it,  landing  on  his  back.  We  jumped  over  the  wall,  but  the  scream  already  had
receded. We shone our torches over the area but there was no trace of the creature. One of our group,
recently returned from Kenya, said that among the animals of Africa, he had never heard such a sound.
We checked the dog to see if he was wounded but, though rigid with shock, he seemed all right.

This last episode set me thinking again. That creature was still in the vicinity and something had to
be done. The news of what had happened that night spread throughout the village, and now there were
many who claimed to have heard the scream. Perhaps now they could understand the analogy I had
made to them when I said that a Catholic believes in God even though he has never seen Him, though
he has seen all the works of His creation. In the same way, it was evident that the scream could not be
attributed to a terrestrial creature.

THEORIES
Every  night  before  retiring,  Filiberto  would  spend  time  either  standing
outside the house or looking out of his bedroom window, sometimes staying
up until three in the morning in the hope of some sign of the creature.

The creature could have been out there at any time and could have chosen any moment to establish
some  form  of  contact.  I  considered  it  an  intelligent  creature  because  it  could  not  have  been  a
coincidence that the bandage had disappeared from under the washing machine or that the photos had
altered in that peculiar way. All this was proof of its existence, so it was clearly trying to destroy the
evidence I had collected. This possibly meant that it had come to Earth on a secret mission – perhaps to
collect data – but that something had gone terribly wrong. That, I reasoned, was why it ran around at
night, screaming to attract my attention. This was one of the many theories that crowded my mind.

I began to ask myself whether my encounter had been a coincidence. If it were not, it wouldn’t have
run off in that way. Or had I maybe been chosen for some obscure reason? Perhaps its screams were the
only means of communicating its predicament to its fellow beings. Or were they just cries of pain? This
last theory might have explained the bandages wrapped around its legs, but who had wrapped them and
where  had  the  bandages  come  from?  Perhaps  it  was  impossible  or  dangerous  to  contact  its  fellow
beings. Whatever the case, it was obviously in great difficulty. In all probability it had been abandoned
or, worse, had suffered injuries resulting from a crash of some sort, perhaps one involving whatever
craft had brought it here, though in the latter case, somebody would have found debris.

These  thoughts  left  me  with  a  certainty:  the  creature  was  in  difficulty,  and  it  was  suffering.  My
greatest hope now was that one day it would come back to me so that I could help it; after all, I was the
only human it had ever encountered, so far as I knew. I also wondered where it found food or shelter. If
it were really needy, I hoped it would take a risk by trusting me. I started by leaving some food and
water  outside  the  house,  but  my  two  cats  and  some  stray  dogs  scoffed  the  lot.  I  also  scoured  the
countryside for metal fragments of the ‘spaceship’, but to no avail.

THE NIGHT OF SAN LORENZO
Every  summer  a  major  meteor  shower  known  as  the  Perseids  occurs,
typically from 23 July to 20 August, peaking on the night of 12 August, when
up to 100 meteorites (or ‘shooting stars’) may be seen in an hour. On the eve
of Filiberto’s birthday on 10 August 1993, known in Italy as the night of San
Lorenzo, ‘the night when wishes come true’, Filiberto and some friends went
to a nearby hill to look for shooting stars. The shower that night was not so
spectacular as they had hoped, but Filiberto took advantage of the occasion to
wonder at the heavens.

We have lost our capacity to observe what is around us, let alone what is above us. The infinite blue
that lights up with the sun and the dark blue that glitters with the stars at night – life’s secrets that are
largely hidden to the world of science. We know so little of the universe, yet the universe knows all
about us and all humans that have lived on Earth. It has seen the birth of life and the evolution of Man.
It has witnessed our history and will probably view our demise, like a hidden camera that has filmed
our lives. Man, so obstinate in his desire to find his roots on Earth, does not even suspect that we might
all – like the little creature – originate from that living mechanism, the universe. We are nothing but a
microscopic part of that immense organism . . .

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. L’Indipendente, 30 June 1993; Il Centro, 22–7 June 1993; Il Tempo, 23 June 1993, Il Messaggero, 23, 24 June 1993, and numerous other sources, cited in Fiorino, Paolo, ‘Umanoidi Volanti? L’ondata italiana di segnelazioni dell’estate 1993’ (‘Flying Humanoids? The Italian wave of sightings in Summer 1993’), UFO: Rivista di Informazione Ufologica, no. 13, December 1993, pp. 1–3.
2. Il Messaggero, 25–9 June 1993, and other sources, cited in Fiorino, op. cit., pp. 3–4.
3. Photographs of alleged aliens have been taken in many countries, including Italy, e.g., the well- known series by Gianpietro Monguzzi in the Italian Alps (1952); in the USA by Howard Menger (1956), Carroll Wayne Watts (1967) and Jeff Greenhaw (1973); and in the UK by Jim Templeton (1964) and ‘Philip Spencer’ (1987).


======================================================================================
Chapter 10. Face to Face

On  10  August  1993,  Filiberto  spent  the  late  evening  of  his  24th  birthday
watching the second, particularly exceptional shower of meteorites forecast
by the news bulletins. This time he decided to be alone, sitting on a bench
behind the Caponi house. As before, he was consumed by an intense desire to
see  the  creature  again.  ‘That  creature  had  changed  my  way  of  living  and
thinking.  It  had  deprived  me  of  the  solace  of  sleep,  with  the  result  that  I
walked  around  red-eyed,  like  a  zombie.’  He  watched  some  shooting  stars,
then became aware of a presence, as if something was watching him from the
grass underneath a nearby wall. Suddenly, the creature appeared right in front
of Filiberto.

Cautiously,  I  approached  it,  hoping  that  this  time  it  would  not  run  away  again,  leaving  me  in  such
mental turmoil, with all my questions unanswered. At last, I was close enough to look it in the face for
the very first time . . . It had big, black, almond-shaped eyes, which appeared immobile in their sockets,
making them shine like plastic. There were no eyelids and the light reflecting in the retina resembled
the magnified eyes of a fly. There was also a small protuberance with two small holes, very probably
the breathing apparatus. On the lower part of the face, the mouth seemed to be missing, yet from time
to time it opened and closed at lengthy intervals, revealing no teeth but only small gums.

This time it made no sound, so I decided to try and open a dialogue, but all that came out of me was
a tear, probably a reaction to the impotence I felt when faced with this incredible situation.

On its back was a brown lump. Short arms protruded from its sides. The legs were very long and still
covered in bandages. The feet were chunky and had only two toes. Its little arms hung by its side as if it
could not control them properly. On the extremely small hands only the thumb was visible, the fingers
seemingly clenched in a fist. The skin on the face was wrinkled, although the top and the back parts of
the head were smooth, as were the arms. Its mottled complexion – comprising various shades of brown
– gave way to white patches at the back of the neck and on the chin. There were also marks on the
cheekbones.

I  raised  my  right  hand  in  greeting  but  failed  to  elicit  any  reaction  from  the  creature.  It  seemed
distracted by its surroundings, and kept on staring at the houses and seemed particularly fascinated by a
street light attached to an upper storey of our house. I must have seemed as strange to the creature as it
did to me, yet obviously it considered me less interesting than the street lamp.

What particularly aroused my curiosity was that ‘bundle’ which covered most of its body. It seemed
to serve no purpose other than as an article of clothing, though its peculiar shape seemed to indicate that
it had some other function. It was rather like a partially inflated balloon.

I decided to try to immortalize the creature in another photograph. This meant that I had to rush back
to the house to fetch my camera, hoping that the creature would not flee in my absence. I started to
move slowly backwards as far as the back door of the house. Once inside, I rushed to my room to get
the Polaroid. Before going outside again, I looked out of the window to ascertain that the creature was
still there. It was, and still gazing at the street lamp. I came down the stairs very slowly, because I was
so overcome with emotion that for a moment I thought I would faint. My heart was pumping and I was
almost gasping for breath.

I got within three or four metres of it and took the photograph (realizing that it might have been out
of focus) and not wishing to go any closer for fear of startling it. As soon as the flash went off the
creature  arose,  curving  its  back  and  almost  burying  the  nape  of  its  neck  in  it.  It  started  to  run  very
quickly, beating its feet heavily on the ground, then vanished beneath the old archway at the top of the
street. I was left there with the camera dangling from my wrist.

Filiberto’s disappointment at not having taken more photographs was more
than  compensated  by  the  quality  of  the  one  Polaroid  picture  he  did  take,
which  clearly  showed  distinguishing  features  (here).  He  spent  most  of  the
remaining night contemplating the face of the creature, which reminded him
of  a  tortoise.  He  decided  to  tell  nobody  about  this  latest  episode  until  the
evening  of  16  August  1993,  when  combining  a  celebration  of  his  birthday
with  that  of  his  brother-in-law,  Giuseppe  Pontani.  After  dinner,  Filiberto
surreptitiously  placed  the  photograph  beside  Giuseppe’s  plate.  ‘He
immediately  stopped  eating  and  his  eyes  popped  out  of  his  head,’  said
Filiberto.

Without a word, he passed it around the table. They demanded to know more. Their astonishment grew
and they now concluded that the creature must be an alien.

Grandmother  went  on  insisting  there  was  an  evil  influence  around  and  advised  me  to  avoid  the
creature if I saw it again. This was not an entirely unexpected reaction, as she was very fond of me, and
Pretare was a village where tales of the supernatural were rife. I reassured her because I had noticed
that for some time she had been locking herself in her bedroom at night, something she had not done
before. I convinced her there was nothing to fear.

This time, it seemed that the creature did not intend to destroy evidence of its
existence, as the photo remained intact. Filiberto warned the family to keep
silent about the episode.

A  day  or  so  later,  two  of  Filiberto’s  friends  told  him  that  they  had  been
sitting in a secluded part of the football stadium at night when they noticed
strange formations of red and green spheres descending from the sky, then
rising up again, shooting off at right angles and disappearing at high speed
with  a  hissing  sound.  Meanwhile,  increasing  numbers  of  villagers  reported
terrifying screams in the night.

CLOSE UP

During the evening of 19 August Filiberto’s sister, Antonella, told her brother
that she had heard strange thumping sounds outside the house. He looked out
but could see nothing. After spending the evening with friends, he returned at
about 23.30.

Before going to sleep, I went to my studio to prepare work for the following day, as was my habit, and
to  sweep  out  the  dust  that  had  been  made  by  the  clay.  I  was  about  to  tip  it  in  the  grounds  of  an
abandoned house nearby when I noticed something on the ground. The creature was there once more,
and it blocked my exit.

This time there were no bandages on its legs. For an instant, I thought it was another creature. I rose
slowly to my feet while the creature stood immobile, so that I was able to examine it in detail. It looked
different. The face and head, as well as the small arms were the same, but the rest definitely seemed
different  –  the  creature  appeared  to  be  much  smaller.  Something  was  dripping  from  its  head  and  it
moved slowly, then stopped every few minutes. What was most disconcerting was that from its chest
emerged two white tubes. The creature seemed to be changing before my very eyes. Then I understood
what had happened: it was not wearing its habitual spherical ‘helmet’. For the first time, the creature
was showing itself completely naked; this was why it appeared to be smaller than before.

Its legs were very long and slender, revealing visible muscular tissue and developed calves. There
was a large lump on each knee that was particularly accentuated on the right leg. Both legs were laced
with small veins and capillaries. The back also struck me as curious because it was curved with two
humps, one behind the other, terminating in a third very small hump. It was a great shock for me to see
the creature like this. That part of its body which had looked like a strange semi-inflated balloon was
now  extremely  narrow  in  the  front  and  much  wider  on  the  hips.  The  skin  was  very  wrinkled  and
rugged, especially at the joints and on its back, which now seemed to be pointed. From the sternum
emerged the two inexplicable tubes, white and rigid. The skin appeared to be brown, with areas of red
and violet, becoming white in what was only a hint of a neck. There also were yellow patches and no
visible ears.

Regarding the creature’s skin coloration, some correlation is provided in an
encounter which took place in Orocovis, Cordillera Central, Puerto Rico on
26  March  1995.  Jaime  Torres,  the  witness,  described  the  creature  he
encountered as having a large head, no hair, elongated eyes, tiny mouth and –
of  particular  significance  here  –  different  skin  shades  on  its  back  and  side,
including brown, yellowish-orange and purple.1

Filiberto’s account continues:

Even though the creature appeared to be smiling, I had the impression it was suffering, because the skin
seemed  to  be  entirely  burned.  It  was  so  quiet  that  it  seemed  to  be  seeking  help,  and  its  expression
moved me so much that I smiled back. This was the only communication between us.

I looked around to see if the ‘helmet’ might have been left somewhere, but saw nothing. After our
exchange  of  glances  the  creature  gazed  at  the  street  light  and  seemed  to  have  no  desire  to  look
elsewhere.  I  found  its  position  unusual  because  it  was  seated  in  a  human-like  manner,  despite  its
external appearance. I thought I should photograph it in this new posture, so once again I had to return
to the house to get my Polaroid. It was the same ritual all over again – almost as if the creature wanted

to be photographed. I felt as though I were a photographer who had been given the incredible chance to
do  an  exclusive  feature  on  an  alien.  Slowly,  I  retraced  my  steps  to  the  studio,  while  the  creature
continued  staring  at  the  light,  which  evidently  held  a  great  attraction  for  it,  as  though  there  was
something reassuring about it.

Once inside, I made great haste, fearing to find the creature gone. When I stepped outside it gazed at
me for an instant, then looked towards the illuminated window of my workshop, on my right. It was at
that moment that I took the first photo. While continuing to stare, its reaction was to close its mouth. I
placed the first photo on the ground, then, moving to the left, took a second photograph, as the creature
remained motionless. Later I realized that it was not only attracted by the light from the window, but
also  by  the  movement  of  the  cat  behind  the  glass.  It  rose  abruptly  on  its  feet,  assuming  the  same
position as previously, as though this were a preliminary movement without which it could not run.

PHENOMENAL PHOTOGRAPHS
Filiberto was left with that familiar feeling of being in a dream from which
one  is  about  to  awaken.  He  constantly  looked  at  the  photos  to  reassure
himself  that  it  was  impossible  to  photograph  a  dream.  They  were  truly
phenomenal, showing the creature in great detail (Photos 4 and 5). ‘It seemed
incredible  that  a  simple  Polaroid  could  have  produced  such  extraordinary
photographs,’ he said.

Nobody would be able to dispute their authenticity because there were no negatives, therefore no pre-existing
opportunity to alter the images. No one would be able to call me a madman or a visionary any
more.

It was a remarkable feeling; the knowledge that I was the only person who could furnish proof of the
existence  of  aliens.  However,  this  feeling  was  tempered  by  doubts  about  the  reactions  of  people  on
seeing the images of the creature. I wanted desperately to show them to my parents, but this time the
images  were  too  powerful.  I  had  to  prepare  my  family,  especially  my  mother,  who  is  particularly
sensitive.

Filiberto  lay  awake  all  night,  puzzling  over  the  pictures  and  trying  to  find
some  answers  to  the  creature’s  unusual  features.  What,  for  example,  were
those white tubes? ‘It would have been a rare opportunity for scholars,’ he
wondered,  ‘to  discover  why  those  white  tubes  came  out  of  the  chest.  My
theory was that they were not part of the body. They looked to me as though
they had been applied, perhaps to filter our air which probably was different
from the creature’s.’

HOPES AND FEARS
Although  in  following  days  Filiberto  made  every  effort  to  keep  this  last
encounter  secret,  his  behaviour  betrayed  him.  Sometimes  he  became  so
absent-minded that he was unable to follow conversations.

Each night, before retiring, he checked the photographs (which remained
unchanged) and the Polaroid, which had fallen to the ground the last time he
used  it.  Although  the  camera  (which  belonged  to  Guiseppe)  was  not
damaged, Filiberto was anxious that it should function perfectly in case the
creature returned again. His hopes were diluted with apprehensions.

I knew I had strong proof of the presence of an alien – or, at any rate, of a strange being that seemed to
reveal itself to me. I also knew it wasn’t dangerous; on the contrary, I began to feel tenderness towards
it, though I did not know whether these were the first stages of a dialogue between us. I was afraid that
it would want much more than mere contact. This fear was based on my knowledge of abductions by
aliens, with sometimes terrible consequences for those abducted: I was terrified that the same might
happen to me. If the creature had such intentions, I felt powerless to thwart them.

If ever it did come to a real dialogue, I would ask it all about distant worlds, extraterrestrials, the
price of butter on Mars, and about all the mysteries of the universe, such as: Where did it come from?
What were its habits, its religion, its God? If its intention was to study a human being then transport
him  or  her  to  an  unknown  planet,  why  hadn’t  it  already  done  so?  Perhaps,  though,  it  was  trying  to
accustom  me  to  its  presence.  I  would  have  to  do  the  same  to  accustom  people  to  its  presence  if  I
decided to publish these photographs, which were far more disconcerting than the earlier ones.

I was both afraid and fascinated. I worried that the creature’s thoughts were the same as mine: I was
studying it and it was studying me, that was my impression. Then I began to feel remorse because I
should have helped it somehow, instead of just observing and photographing it. Maybe it would not
come back to me because of that.

It  was  not  long  before  Filiberto’s  sister,  Antonella,  came  across  the  new
photographs. Reluctantly, Filiberto told her about the incident, agreeing that
the rest of the family should be informed.

The family was very confused, especially my mother and grandmother. My father and brother-in-law,
on  the  other  hand,  simply  discussed  our  possible  course  of  action.  We  were  all  agreed  that  it  was
necessary to release information about the event, but also that it had to be done in the right way.

Grandmother was screaming and begging me to leave the creature alone. She threatened to supervise
me  personally  every  night  and  to  make  sure  I  went  to  bed  instead  of  wandering  around  all  night,
running the risk of encountering that creature and getting involved in some terrible adventure. I tried to
reassure her that I was certain the creature was harmless.

Meanwhile, although less frequent, the night expeditions to hunt down the
creature continued. ‘I didn’t take part in them any more,’ Filiberto explained,
‘knowing too well that nobody could succeed in the way I had because it was
the alien that decided when and by whom to be seen – and it seemed to have
chosen me.’

INITIAL TELEVISION EXPOSURE
At the end of summer 1993, as the tourist season finished, Pretare returned to
normal. No one bothered any longer to look for the alien. In October Filiberto
was  approached  by  a  television  news  station  which  wanted  to  do  a  feature
about his story. He did not mention the new pictures, so the crew filmed the
burned photographs while Filiberto related his story and answered questions.
Afterwards, locations of the encounters were filmed. When the feature ran, it
was  interrupted  intermittently  by  images  from  Steven  Spielberg’s  film  ET:
The  Extraterrestrial,  including  the  famous  scene  where  Elliot  and  ET  are
riding a flying bicycle. ‘These inserts, mixed with the interview, might have
been effective,’ said Filiberto, ‘but they were not in keeping with my story.
Yet  the  report,  which  was  broadcast  several  times,  provoked  great  interest,
particularly among children. They believed me to be Elliot and wanted to be
introduced personally to ET!’

A  few  days  later  a  villager  told  Filiberto  that  he  had  seen  the  creature,
which he described as similar to a bald monkey with a limp. He had seen it
only from behind, however. Nevertheless, Filiberto was overjoyed. ‘Finally I
had a witness whom I knew well and considered reliable. I asked him to help
me convince people in the village that the story was true, but he answered
curtly  that  he  didn’t  want  to  make  a  fool  of  himself:  he  had  a  family  to
consider and couldn’t afford to go out on a limb. Later, we heard that he had
denied  everything,  saying  it  was  only  a  joke.  Everyone  had  always  known
him  as  a  serious  man,  so  we  could  not  understand  the  reason  for  his
withdrawal.’

Surprisingly, no one from any of the UFO groups had yet visited Filiberto.
After  the  television  exposure,  the  Italian  Centre  for  UFO  Studies  (CISU)
wrote  to  Filiberto,  enclosing  money  to  cover  the  costs  of  mailing  the  two
‘burned’ photos, which they needed for analysis. ‘I explained that I couldn’t
risk losing the pictures,’ said Filiberto, ‘but I invited them to come to Pretare.
They put me in contact with one of their members who lived close to me. I
spoke with him on the telephone, but he never seemed able to come and visit
me.’

Filiberto received more telephone calls and letters from people asking to be
cured,  as  well  as  from  others  claiming  to  receive  messages  from
extraterrestrials  by 
incomprehensible
formulae. ‘I devoted most attention to the letters from children. They were
still amazed at the fact that ET had come out of the screen, and wanted to
meet it. I didn’t want to disappoint them so I answered that ET had gone back
teletext,  messages  consisting  of 
home, but that one day they would all meet it.’

THE HIGHEST BIDDER?
When  Filiberto  decided  the  time  had  come  to  have  the  new  photographs
published, he contacted Leonida Barezzi, the journalist who had written the
piece for Stop  magazine.  Sounding  excited  at  first,  Barezzi  seemed  to  lose
interest  after  receiving  Filiberto’s  sketch  of  the  creature.  He  promised  to
contact  a  well-known  Italian  researcher,  the  producer  of  a  documentary  on
animals, before coming to examine the photographs. Weeks went by. ‘After
many  calls  both  to  his  office  and  to  his  home,  I  finally  reached  him,’  said
Filiberto. ‘He explained that neither his magazine nor others wished to write
about the story. He advised me to forget all about it, then hung up. Why had
he lost interest?’

Filiberto considered taking his uncle’s advice to sell the photographs to the
highest bidder. ‘I didn’t want to do it only for the money, but also to show the
world that there was irrefutable evidence of extraterrestrial life. I considered
delivering the photos to the authorities, but worried that they would almost
certainly confiscate them.’

A SECOND MATERIAL WITNESS
One night in the middle of September 1993 the Caponi family retired to bed
rather late, Filiberto and his father later than the others. Suddenly the familiar
scream  was  heard.  ‘We  had  just  opened  the  window  when  the  screaming
stopped,’  said  Filiberto,  ‘but  the  creature  was  still  moving  through  the
bushes.’

My father wanted to see him clearly at all costs, and he was leaning out dangerously, but the creature
remained hidden behind the vegetation. We expected him to show himself sooner or later. My father
had just told me to hurry and fetch the camera when a trail of light illuminated the trees in the direction
of the nestling leaves. It was almost like daylight. Father stepped backwards, crouching down under the
windowsill, covering his head with his arms. I did the same. We thought it was some kind of meteorite
falling rapidly in our direction, but it proved to be a beam of light – a flash of light that blinded us for a
few seconds. We were terrified. When the light receded, everything was quiet again. A few minutes
later, I recall Father exclaiming: ‘He’s gone!’ But it turned out he was wrong.

On  the  evening  of  9  October  1993  Filiberto  went  to  bed  early.  At  about
02.00 he awoke suddenly, apparently without motivation, and could not get
back to sleep. On returning from the bathroom, he half opened the window to
take a look outside. It was raining.

I noticed something on the same spot where I had photographed the creature for the first time. I flung
the window wide open and could see that the creature had come back.

It was right there, standing in that funny way and watching that same street lamp. I turned the light
on and at the same moment the creature raised its head and spotted me. I took my camera at once, but
this time I didn’t only want to photograph it, I wanted someone else in the family to see it. I had to be
very quiet; shouting would have frightened it. I also had to be very quick, because I didn’t know how
long it would stay there.

Grandmother slept in the room next to mine. I hesitated at first to wake her up because of her fear of
the creature, but decided to take the risk because there wasn’t time to go upstairs to wake my parents. I
entered her room, fortunately unlocked that night, and awoke her gently. I begged her not to be afraid,
explaining  that  the  creature  was  outside  and  that  I  wanted  her  to  see  it  because  she  too  would  then
realize that it wasn’t dangerous. She tried to persuade me not to go out but to call someone for help at
once. I was afraid she would cry out so I told her not to make any noise and to hurry. I took her by the
arm and helped her stand up, covering her mouth. I regretted treating her like this, but had no other
choice.

We reached the window. The creature was still outside. Grandmother couldn’t see it well as she was
still sleepy and her sight wasn’t so good. The creature hadn’t moved far away; it was still watching the
street lamp. I grabbed my Polaroid and pulled Grandmother downstairs. She was still begging me to
call for help, which annoyed me because I feared the creature might escape and I would lose the chance
of having another eyewitness.

I was afraid of how my grandmother would react at seeing something so unusual for the first time.
Her  reaction  was  totally  unexpected.  When  she  saw  the  creature  she  stopped  trembling  and  talking,
hesitated a little, and then smiled to the being. ‘He’s so small – he’s a darling!’ she exclaimed. ‘What is
he looking at?’ She was speaking so tenderly, as if talking to a child. She told me to leave it alone and
to not do anything, but I wanted to photograph it again and touch it gently. I asked her to intervene only
if the creature became violent, but she said something about letting sleeping dogs lie.

In the meantime, the creature darted quick glances at us from time to time. I was afraid it would be
gone  any  minute  so  I  told  Grandmother  to  go  upstairs  and  look  through  the  window  to  see  what
direction it would take. She insisted I let it alone and grabbed the camera which was around my neck,
trying to stop me. I walked towards the creature, which was standing, completely naked, four to five
metres from us. I noticed for the first time that it had no visible sexual organs.

When I came closer to it and took the photo it gave me another look, then turned its head towards the
light. I left the photograph inside the camera, covering it with my left hand to protect it from the rain.
After  a  moment’s  hesitation,  I  stretched  my  right  hand  towards  the  creature  without  touching  it.
Grandmother intervened, running toward me crying out not to touch it. I waved her away and tried to
silence her. Now the creature was slowly retreating, watching her. She began whispering, telling me to
come back and saying that she was afraid not so much of the creature’s appearance but of its unknown
motives. Dangerous though it might have been, I was determined to get closer. I waved to Grandmother
to go upstairs and she hurried away.

I stretched my hand towards the creature again. This time I was so close I could have touched it, but
at that very instant it bent and retained that position for a while, opening its mouth from time to time,
apparently irritated by the raindrops that were falling from its chin. For a moment, I thought it wanted
me to touch it, but just as I was about to touch its skin it ran away.

I ran home screaming to my grandmother to look out for the creature because I had already lost sight
of it. While running I heard her telling me that it had hidden under the old arch. She begged me to come
back, but I was determined to catch it, frustrated at watching it run away every time. I went under the
arch, ignoring my fear of running into it in the tunnel, and aware that he might use the darkness to
attack me. Finally, I was out of the tunnel and in front of a gate. In the light there, the creature was
nowhere to be seen.

I  pulled  the  photo  out  of  the  camera  and  put  it  in  my  pocket  without  checking  it,  then  climbed,
panting,  over  the  gate  and  into  an  open  field.  There  was  a  tomb-like  silence,  apart  from  the  falling
raindrops. I was overwhelmed by the excitement. I looked around hoping to see it, but to no avail.

I was sure this would be the night of contact or dialogue, but I had lost the creature once more, just
when I had got so close and could have touched it. I wondered what I had done wrong. It had let me
come so close, but that wasn’t enough for me. I wanted the answers: What was it? Where did it come
from? Why had it chosen me and then escaped? I felt desperate as I made my way home.

Filiberto  arrived  home,  soaked  with  rain,  at  about  03.00,  to  learn  that  his
parents  had  been  looking  for  him,  having  been  alerted  by  Antonia,  the
grandmother.  His  mother  was  in  tears.  Reassuring  them  all,  he  showed  the
new photograph. Fortunately, it had developed perfectly.

Filiberto felt that the time had now come to make the whole story and the
photographs  public,  although  he  wondered  if  anyone  would  pay  attention,
amid the media devoting so much attention to the prevailing economic and
political conditions in Italy. Italian government had become a contradiction in
terms, with arrests of famous politicians and industrialists almost on a daily
basis.  ‘Unlike  in  many  other  countries,’  Filiberto  explained,  ‘the  UFO  and
alien  subject  stimulated  very  little  interest  in  Italy,  even  prior  to  this
particular crisis, and when the media did publish anything it was always done
sarcastically and superficially. I was determined to try everything possible to
bring this important story to their attention.’

I was now in possession of six photos and the time had come to show them to someone, even if I had to
go  to  the  press  in  person.  I  was  no  longer  the  only  witness,  because  my  grandmother  had  seen  the
creature too, even though I had forced her to do so. The others in my family felt somewhat left out of
the picture. My father especially was frustrated because he had seen the creature only vaguely on 10
May. Grandmother’s attitude changed completely. She was calmer about the situation, finally realizing
that  ‘the  nice  little  creature’  wasn’t  some  sort  of  ghost,  though  she  continued  to  urge  caution  with
regard to its intentions.

GIUSEPPE SEES THE LIGHT
On the evening of 13 October 1993 Filiberto’s brother-in-law, Giuseppe, was
driving  back  from  work  on  his  way  to  Pretare  when  he  saw  an  intensely
bright  yellow  sphere  on  Monte  Vettore,  a  light  that  ascended,  then  slipped
away.  Ever  sceptical,  he  dismissed  it  at  the  time.  On  his  arrival  home  his
embarrassment was evident as he related the sighting to the others.

The following morning Giuseppe’s wife, Antonella, told Filiberto that her
husband had not slept all night. He had woken up suddenly and startled her,
standing  beside  the  bed,  but  said  nothing  when  she  asked  if  he  had  had  a
nightmare.  In  the  morning  he  finally  admitted  that  he  was  on  the  point  of
falling  asleep  when  an  intense  light  illuminated  the  room.  Dazzled  and
alarmed, he jumped out of bed. At first he thought he was just exhausted after
a hard day’s work, but the light was too intense and lasted for quite a few
seconds,  then  it  disappeared  in  a  peculiar  manner,  concentrating  itself  in  a
ball  near  the  window  before  flashing  away  quickly.  Antonella  saw  nothing
because she was under the blanket.

Filiberto wondered if all this might have been more than coincidental. ‘I
was  reminded  of  what  had  happened  to  me  and  my  father,  of  the  beam  of
light that had fallen right in front of our house. I was sure the creature was
still in the neighbourhood. That dazzling light appeared to be connected in
some new way with it. My brother-in-law changed his sceptical attitude after
this experience.’

Filiberto and Giuseppe now resolved to take the photos to Rome and show
them at several editorial offices, with the minimum delay.

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
  1 Martín, Jorge, ‘What Are the Creatures seen in Orocovis, Morovis, and Naranjito?’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 6, 1995, pp. 16–17.


==============================================================================================
Chapter 11. Full Exposure

One Monday morning in mid-October 1993, Filiberto and Giuseppe drove to
Rome  to  visit  the  main  newspaper  and  magazine  editorial  offices.  Having
made no prior appointments, they were prepared for some difficulties. What
they had not anticipated was the reaction of those editors they were able to
see.

On arrival at the office of a famous monthly review, Filiberto was asked by
the editor’s secretary to explain the purpose of their visit. ‘When I produced
the photos, she took one glance at them and literally jumped out of the chair,’
said  Filiberto.  ‘She  seemed  disgusted  and  begged  us  to  take  “that  blasted
thing” away from her immediately.’ Nonetheless, she did arrange a meeting
with the editor.

We briefly told him our story, explaining only the most significant points. He observed the photos very
carefully one by one, arranging them in chronological order. After summoning an assistant, he asked us
in a rather serious tone if we knew the creature’s origin and identity. We couldn’t answer except with
hypotheses; the most incredible one about the alien being the most probable one. Fifteen minutes later
his  assistant  came  in  and  picked  up  the  photos.  After  a  quiet  word  with  the  assistant,  the  editor
explained that they couldn’t possibly publish the photos because theirs was a mainly political review,
and advised us to try a different sort of magazine. If anyone did publish them, they added, it probably
would  lead  to  many  problems.  They  warned  us  to  be  careful,  because  we  might  be  interfering  with
some top-secret government experiment or with something that could disturb and scare people. They
advised us to inform the authorities, before some magazine blew our story out of proportion.

Filiberto  and  Giuseppe  were  disappointed.  Giuseppe  felt  that  the  editor’s
advice should be heeded, but Filiberto wanted to try elsewhere.

I  didn’t  think  that  going  to  the  authorities  was  such  a  good  idea:  they  surely  would  confiscate  the
photos or classify me as a mythomaniac or who-knows-what. They must have known about the story by
then, and the fact that they hadn’t appeared on the scene yet made me very suspicious. It was out of the
question to go to some small, third-rate magazine because it would ruin the story from the start. There
weren’t many respectable reviews that would know how to reproduce the story properly. We had to
find the good ones. So we found another editorial office and succeeded in talking to the editor. Our
photos  astonished  him,  but  he  acted  exactly  like  the  former  one.  We  spent  the  day  in  the  offices  of
various newspapers and magazines, but it was always the same – they couldn’t take the photos or the
story.  It  was  my  impression  that  something  or  someone  held  them  back,  or  perhaps  they  simply

suspected a hoax. Still, we didn’t ask for money and were willing to show the photos to their experts
for brief analysis, and all those who did examine them found them to be authentic.

It  was  unbelievable  that  nobody  wanted  to  publish  these  photographs.  The  press,  even  the
broadsheets, did not hesitate to publish the most banal articles, yet refused to write about this unique
and proven case. True, the image of the creature might scare someone of a particularly sensitive nature,
but it was certainly less scary or disgusting than all those reports on violence, murder and genocide in
Bosnia, for example.

THE ITALIAN NATIONAL PRESS AGENCY
Filiberto  and  his  brother-in-law  eventually  succeeded  in  making  an
appointment  with  the  Italian  National  Press  Agency  (ANSA),  whose
photographic  expert,  Renato  Bianchi,  seemed  genuinely  astonished  by  the
pictures.  He  promised  to  discuss  the  case  with  his  editor,  expressing
confidence  that  acceptance  by  this  most  prestigious  agency  would  confirm
the authenticity of the photos and story.

Bianchi said it was a very important story but that we must be cautious. The story probably would be
announced on the national television news then repeated by all the media. It was necessary, he said, to
leave the original Polaroids with the agency at some point, though he understood that we couldn’t part
with the photos before some sort of guarantee was given.

Five  days  later  Bianchi  telephoned  me.  I  noticed  at  once  that  his  tone  was  different.  He  sounded
confused,  explaining  that  the  agency  could  not  accept  the  story  because  it  was  not  their  policy  to
involve themselves in such cases: they could not afford to have the problems that would surely arise if
the story were published; however, he invited me to Rome again because he felt that something odd
was going on. He couldn’t accept the fact that such a story wasn’t going to be published. The world had
waited so long for evidence of the existence of other intelligent beings in the universe and now that it
was finally possible to produce it, nobody wanted to write about it – not even the ‘yellow’ press.

We  returned  to  Rome  four  days  later,  this  time  with  my  mother  and  sister.  Renato  now  looked
worried. He confessed that something else was now bothering him. One morning, while going to his
office, he was stopped in the street by two men. They didn’t identify themselves, but asked him to give
them information about me and my experiences. The excessive interest of the two men scared him. He
replied that he didn’t know much, that I had come to him seeking help to publish the story. The men
advised him in an abrupt manner to drop the matter, and that went for me too, because it was not our
business, or else we’d all get ourselves into serious trouble.

There was more to it. Bianchi hurried to the office to check if the photos were still there and ran into
two of his colleagues. They repeated more or less the same thing as the men in the street had. Bianchi
knew  these  colleagues  well;  they  worked  with  him  side  by  side  every  day.  Angered,  he  asked  them
bluntly whom they were representing. They answered that they were members of some religious sect,
an answer he found incredible. As journalists, he explained, they had professional obligations not to
suppress information nor to put pressure on a colleague who was only trying to do his job, without at
least giving him a credible explanation.

‘MEN IN BLACK’
Renato Bianchi told Filiberto and Giuseppe that he was still keen to publish
the story and photographs, even if it meant that he would have to bypass the
agency and approach some tabloid. He had the idea of putting the matter in
the  hands  of  his  son,  Alessandro,  a  former  police  officer  and  now  a  well-
connected  photojournalist.  Bianchi  phoned  his  son  from  the  office  and
arrangements were made for Alessandro to come to Pretare. ‘It was agreed
that  he  would  take  my  original  photos  and  give  us  a  personal  document
signed by him and countersigned by me and Giuseppe,’ explained Filiberto.

He would promise to return the photos after publishing them, and not use them for his personal benefit.
He would also request my written permission to publish the story, because I was to give the interview
and there could be no misunderstandings.

When the call was over, two men, one of them bearded, rushed into the office, startling us. They
didn’t say a word. One of them started rummaging through a card index while the other busied himself
on the computer. We assumed they were employees of the agency doing their usual job, but Bianchi
gave us a sign that it was not like that, by treading on my foot under the table and shaking his head. We
understood  it  was  necessary  to  change  the  subject,  so  Bianchi  started  talking  about  something
innocuous.  The  two  men  showed  no  signs  of  leaving  so  we  acted  as  naturally  as  possible,  thanked
Bianchi and left the office, with the Polaroids safely in my pocket. Bianchi pretended to say goodbye.

We left the building and headed to the car, where my sister and mother were waiting. The man with
the beard was following us at a short distance. He seemed to want to make us understand that we were
his  quarry,  because  when  we  turned  round  he  stared  at  us  in  a  threatening  manner.  I  was  scared,
especially since I had the Polaroids in my jacket pocket. He continued following us, so we ducked into
a crowded bar, but he wouldn’t give up, following us into the bar and continuing to stare at us. After
drinking our coffee we hurried out of the bar, leaving him stuck in the queue in front of the till.

The Caponi family left their car in the underground parking lot and walked to
the  nearest  restaurant  to  have  lunch.  Filiberto  immediately  telephoned
Bianchi and asked about the two men in the office.

He told me they were the same colleagues who had threatened him, but he hadn’t expected that one of
them would shadow us. He didn’t know who the two previous men were – those who had not identified
themselves.  He  was  very  worried  about  them,  so  he  advised  me  to  hold  on  tightly  to  the  photos.  If
someone tried to shadow us we should call him immediately and he would call the police.

After lunch, we were walking towards the parking lot when we noticed two men wearing elegant,
dark  clothes.  They  were  standing  on  both  sides  of  the  parking  entrance  as  if  waiting  for  somebody.
There  was  another  man  there,  dressed  the  same  way,  walking  up  and  down  in  front  of  them  with  a
mobile phone in his hand. All three wore dark sunglasses. The car parked near the entrance was dark
blue, with dark-tinted windows. I think it was a Lancia Thema limousine. I noticed unusual initials on
the  number  plate,  the  blue  CD  [Corps  Diplomatique]  initials,  and  a  little  flag  that  looked  like  the
American  one.  I  noted  down  the  number  plate  and  found  out  later  that  the  car  was  used  by  the
American Diplomatic Corps.

Had it not been for their odd attitude we wouldn’t have paid any attention to these men. Now I was
alarmed. My feelings were almost the same as when I had seen the odd creature for the first time, only
these fellows didn’t look harmless. I recalled those anonymous phone calls warning me of strange men
wearing black uniforms, an indication perhaps that they were members of some organization (such as
the FBI or CIA). Whoever they were, their way of dressing was certainly effective, giving them an air
of absolute authority. They looked like celluloid gangsters.

What were we to do? The rest of the family stood still, staring at each other, clearly very worried. I
decided that if the men stopped me I wouldn’t put up any resistance and would hand over the photos.
Then I had a brainwave. Ordering Giuseppe to do exactly as I said, I told him to go to the underground
car park and to tell us, in a loud voice, to wait for him outside while he got the ‘stuff’ (meaning the
photographs) from the car. Once he got there he was supposed to unlock all the doors so that we could
get into the car and drive off quickly. Giuseppe did exactly as he was told, pretending to ignore the men
who were staring at him. Meanwhile, I told my mother and sister to rush into the car.

I  knew  their  plan  was  to  get  hold  of  the  photos.  My  plan  was  to  delay  them  as  long  as  possible,
making them believe I did not have the Polaroids with me, but that Giuseppe was going to collect them.
The most dangerous moment would be when he came out of the car park. And it was just at this point
that the three men made their move. One of them put his mobile phone in his pocket and adjusted his
tie, just as Giuseppe shot out of the car park. We all jumped in. I looked behind to see that the other two
men were running towards us.

We got stuck in the traffic, so that the two men easily caught up and had a good look at us. By now,
my  mother  and  sister  were  terrified  and  urged  Giuseppe  to  get  away  as  quickly  as  possible.  We
managed to overtake the traffic, but by this time the man with the mobile phone had jumped into the
Lancia and came after us with a screech of tyres. Giuseppe told me to keep an eye on the car, which
continued  to  follow  us.  We  were  genuinely  worried  that  these  men  might  even  open  fire  on  us.
Fortunately,  Giuseppe  knows  Rome  well,  and  after  20  minutes  of  wild  driving  we  finally  felt  safe
enough to stop the car and recover from the ordeal. Mother urged us to drive on, fearing that the men
might appear again.

‘We were a normal family who had emerged from an absurd and disquieting
situation,’ Filiberto commented. ‘My plan had worked, thanks to the fact that
we have always been a united family. But we would have to be even more
united if we now had to live in fear that the “men in black” might reappear.’

VISTO
Filiberto  related  details  of  the  incident  to  Bianchi,  who  said  he  had  no
intentions of dropping the matter. In the meantime, his son Alessandro had
found a magazine, Visto, which was interested in doing a feature on the story.
Alessandro came to Pretare on 19 October 1993. ‘As a former policeman, he
understood what was going on,’ said Filiberto.

To save time, he said he would look after the photographic part while the interview would be conducted
over  the  telephone.  He  signed  a  document  stating  that  he  would  pass  only  copies  of  the  original
Polaroids to Visto. I felt I could trust him.

After I had given the interview, the journalist pointed out that it was in the magazine’s interests to do
a convincing article, but added that the photos would not appear on the cover nor on the first page, in
order to avoid any censorship by the authorities – or by the ‘men in black’. This had happened with
other stories unrelated to aliens, they told me.

Visto  purchased  the  photographic  rights  from  Alessandro.  The  fee  having
been divided, Filiberto was left with 200,000 lira (about £80). The four-page
article – headed  I  AM  A  FRIEND  OF  ET  AND  I  WILL  PROVE  IT  –  appeared  on  28
October  1993  (issue  no.  43),  together  with  an  enlargement  of  the  creature,
sitting naked on the ground, spread across two pages, and another showing
the creature apparently standing up. Some of Filiberto’s sketches also were
included. In the last part of the article, Dr Roberto Pinotti, vice-president of
the National Ufology Centre (CUN), reminded readers of the case involving
Giuseppe  Zitella,  the  retired  air  force  officer  who  encountered  a  similar
creature  in  June  1993.  The  reaction  in  Pretare  was  mixed,  as  Filiberto
explained:

My fellow villagers were somewhat irritated that I had told nobody about the last photos, but I did not
want to make the same mistake as when I had confided in my friend Carlo. Their resentment was soon
overcome by the fascination of these last Polaroids, though many were disillusioned by the unpleasant
appearance of the humanoid. Elderly people, in particular, thought that the powers of evil were at work
and that the devil was about to show himself. Others, however, found it rather sweet, and expressed a
certain tenderness towards the creature, which had now become a sort of mascot for the village.

RIVAL FACTIONS
Almost immediately after the Visto article appeared, Filiberto and his family
were approached by various national UFO groups. Filiberto was told to keep
the press at bay when they started to invade the village – or at least until the
ufologists  themselves  had  invaded  the  village.  ‘It  became  a  competition
between the ufologists and the journalists to see who could get the story of
those last disconcerting photos,’ said Filiberto.

Three members of the National Ufology Centre interviewed Filiberto and
examined  the  Polaroids  carefully.  Chief  investigator  Gianfranco  Lollino
declared  that  he  was  particularly  baffled  by  the  strange  ‘burned’  prints.
Radiation readings taken at the sites where the creature had appeared proved
negative.  One  of  the  investigators  made  the  obvious  connection  that  since
Filiberto’s work included sculpting, and that he enjoyed Steven Spielberg’s
films, he might have created the creature himself. ‘I agreed that it would not
have  been  difficult  for  me  to  construct  such  a  model,’  said  Filiberto,  ‘but
pointed out that I certainly would have made it rather more attractive. I also
explained that I was not desperate for money and could earn that by my daily
work, without resorting to trickery.’

According to CUN, the little creature might still be in the area. Perhaps,
they surmised, it had escaped from the aliens – or even the Americans – who
were trying to recover it. In any event the group made clear their intention to
capture the creature before anyone else did! CUN warned Filiberto not only
about the ‘men in black’ but also about the potential appearance of low-flying
white helicopters. As it happened, prior to the warning Filiberto had been on
the roof, mending the chimney, when a white helicopter passed so low over
the house that nearby trees bowed in the downdraft from its rotor blades. He
gave little thought to the incident and later learned from other villagers that
the  helicopter  belonged  to  a  petroleum  company  conducting  geological
research  in  the  area.  Some  time  later,  however,  a  military  jet  overflew  the
village  at  extremely  low  altitude,  alarming  local  people.  Filiberto  assumed
this  was  related  to  NATO  operations  connected  with  the  crisis  in  Bosnia,
although, perhaps becoming slightly paranoid after CUN’s dire warnings, he
did wonder if the military was looking for a trace of the creature, or a piece of
wreckage from its supposed craft.

CUN continued its investigations in ensuing months. They concluded that
the  creature  corresponded  in  some  respects  to  other  cases  and  descriptions,
but was anomalous regarding its legs. Although it had limbs similar to those
of a man with particularly developed calves, the feet could be classified as
those of an animal, since they resembled the hoof of a horse.

Meanwhile, members of another group, the Rome Centre for UFO Studies,
headed by Massimo Fratini, introduced themselves to Filiberto and proceeded
to  conduct  their  own  investigation.  On  the  question  of  the  creature’s
morphology,  there  was  a  difference  of  opinion.  Fratini,  a  radiologist,
maintained that the feet were not necessarily of (terrestrial) animal origin and
therefore  could  not  be  compared  with  horses’  hooves  solely  because  they
terminated in a bifurcation; rather, the foot was composed of one large toe
and a second, smaller toe, joined together. Filiberto also pointed out that the
structure of the foot showed a sole similar to that of a human being. ‘I said
that we were talking neither about a man nor an animal but possibly a hybrid
creature, not produced by man,’ he added. ‘To explain it away as a genetic
experiment performed by man was even more absurd than the hypothesis of it
being an alien.’

The Rome centre voiced the opinion that if the creature was alien, it might
have  been  undergoing  some  form  of  mutation,  perhaps  as  a  result  of

adaptation to the Earth’s atmosphere. It was also possible, they surmised, that
this mutation might have been the result of the supposed spaceship’s impact
on  landing,  wherever  that  had  been,  causing  burns  all  over  the  creature’s
body and changing its physical aspect.

During  interviews  with  villagers  in  Pretare,  the  investigators  spoke  to  a
friend of Filiberto’s who, for the first time, confessed to having had a sighting
of the creature. ‘In a trembling voice, he told us how he had been awakened
one night by the screaming,’ said Filiberto. ‘When he plucked up courage to
get  up  and  look  out  of  the  window,  he  actually  saw  the  outline  of  a  small
creature  running  screaming  across  the  pastures,  scattering  the  sheep  and
pursued  by  sheepdogs.  My  friend’s  father,  being  an  experienced  hunter,
instinctively reached for his gun. He would have given chase had it not been
for his dependence on a dialysis machine.’

Rivalry continued to play a part in the investigations into Filiberto’s story,
particularly  when  the  UFO  groups  learned  that  an  important  French
newspaper, Le Figaro, wanted to run an article and that Filiberto had been
invited to appear on national television. Clearly, such exposure threatened to
undermine  the  ufologists’  hopes  of  securing  a  central  role  in  managing  the
story.

I FATTI VOSTRI
In late October 1993, Filiberto, together with his father and grandmother, was
invited  by  the  state  television  channel  RAI-2  to  appear  on  a  programme
called  I  Fatti  Vostri  (Your  Affairs),  hosted  by  Giancarlo  Magalli,  to  be
transmitted  live  on  the  evening  of  5  November  at  20.30.  A  few  days
beforehand Filiberto went to Rome to discuss the format of the programme
with  one  of  its  editors,  Filomena,  who  emphasized  that  it  was  essential
neither to frighten nor to disillusion the viewers. Filiberto took the advice of
Renato  Bianchi,  his  National  Press  Agency  contact,  to  refrain  from
mentioning  anything  about  the  ‘men  in  black’  episode.  All  six  Polaroid
photographs would be shown, together with some of the sketches depicting
the  creature  in  motion.  ‘We  were  warned  to  expect  the  occasional  joke  to
lighten  such  a  “taboo”  subject,’  Filiberto  explained.  The  studio  layout
included  an  informal  setting  of  tables  and  chairs  for  the  interviewees  and
audience.

Before  approaching  our  table,  the  interviewer  gave  a  short  introduction,  explaining  that  the  public
would see the photographs of the creature and connecting these events with those reported in Sulmona
and Pescara, because the former air force officer, Zitella, had been a guest on the same programme.
Then Signor Magalli put some pointed questions to all three of us.

Magalli asked Grandmother how she felt on first seeing the creature. He had wanted her to reply that
she was convinced it was the devil. Partly for moral reasons, but perhaps mostly due to superstition, she
refused to say as much, because it was a Friday and according to ancient superstitions in the village,
one should never pronounce the name of the devil on a Friday! Innocently, she said that at first the
creature had seemed to her to be a fairy or a spirit. The audience was plainly captivated by her. As to
my father, he simply confirmed everything.

When the photos were shown, the studio audience reacted with a murmur of surprise and incredulity,
followed by an immediate silence, which was interrupted by Magalli who made signs for applause. He
commented on the photos with touches of humour; for example in comparing the creature’s apparently
burned skin to a roast piglet.

In  a  videotape  recording  of  the  programme,  which  I  have  reviewed  many
times, Filiberto, his father and grandmother come across as sincere witnesses,
passionate  in  their  conviction  of  having  encountered  something  unearthly.
The  programme  was  an  unprecedented  success,  drawing  an  estimated  nine
million viewers.

LE FIGARO
On 18 November 1993 a correspondent from Le Figaro arrived in Pretare to
conduct an interview with Filiberto, his family and some of the villagers. ‘We
showed him the most attractive parts of the village which, until the arrival of
that small creature, had been destined to remain unknown to the world, but
which were now receiving the attention of the media,’ Filiberto reported.

No doubt this would help the village, which for years had been going through a financial crisis, like so
many other Italian villages. Perhaps that little being would help us to promote its natural beauties and
its regional crafts.

We accompanied the correspondent to the next village, Arquata del Tronto, to make photocopies of
my sketches of the creature. Many people now realized that a foreign newspaper was dealing with the
event, and because of the ancient rivalry that my village had with Arquata, everybody looked at us with
a certain hostility.

Following  the  television  programme  on  RAI-2,  Filiberto  was  filled  with  a
disturbing presentiment: that the authorities, concerned about the widespread
publicity  and  resulting  public  excitement,  would  finally  intervene.  He  was
right.  Within  hours  of  the  interview  with  Le  Figaro  the  Carabinieri  of
Arquata del Tronto arrived on his doorstep.


=========================================================================================
Chapter 12. Charges, Confessions and Denials

In  Italy  there  are  three  branches  of  police:  the  Vigili  Urbani,  or  municipal
police, which handles traffic and other city police tasks; the Polizia di Stato,
the national, or state police, subject to the Home Office; and the Carabinieri
(often  abbreviated  to  CC),  the  military  police,  subject  to  the  Ministry  of
Defence, which deals with major theft, other serious crimes, demonstrations
and military affairs.

Filiberto  was  not  unduly  surprised  by  the  unannounced  arrival  of  four
carabinieri, having expected a visit ever since Gianfranco Lollino had warned
him of the possibility. ‘I told the carabinieri that I knew why they had come,’
said Filiberto, ‘and this statement made the officer in charge very suspicious.
He  asked  if  he  could  speak  with  me  in  private.  I  replied  that  this  was  my
family,  so  they  could  discuss  freely  anything  they  wanted,  but  the
commandant insisted on speaking solely with me. And at that moment, fear
took hold of me.’

We went into my room where, with the doors closed, the commandant showed me a search warrant and
an order to confiscate all the material in my possession concerning the affair of the alien creature. I was
accused of having ‘created panic and spreading false rumours liable to disturb the public peace’. This
was  ridiculous.  Here  I  was  in  my  own  room  with  four  carabinieri  carrying  out  a  search-and-seizure
mandate. The commandant explained that there would be serious consequences if this alien story went
any further. I had the right to continue with it, but this would mean a real penal case which would cost a
great deal of money. I asked who had brought the charges against me. He replied that the story of the
creature had not convinced the chief magistrate and that the charges were brought by the Carabinieri
themselves, who had been investigating me for almost six months.

I was made aware of my responsibilities. On several occasions the CC had intervened to stop groups
of excited people,  sometimes fully  armed, hunting  the alien in  the surrounding  countryside with  the
intention of capturing it dead or alive. Had this continued, someone could have been seriously hurt.
Moreover, the commandant went on, some elderly people and children had been so disturbed by the
pictures that they were afraid of going out in the evening or sleeping alone. I had to admit this was not
permissible, even though I believed that the villagers were rather more entertained than afraid.

The commandant suggested that the best way of resolving this problem was for me to confess that I
had  faked  the  Polaroid  photographs,  taking  advantage  of  my  knowledge  of  ceramics.  I  was  only  23
years old and too young to compromise my life: I felt that it would be safer for me to co-operate. I
handed over the Polaroids, as well as the lid of the box that had swollen, and explained that I really had

seen  a  strange  creature,  but  not  being  able  to  prove  it,  I  had  made  a  clay  puppet  reproducing  the
creature, using my professional skills.

The commandant seemed satisfied with this confession, but to close the case, he said, the magistrate
would  need  a  real  puppet  or  at  least  a  piece  of  one,  so  that  they  could  explain  the  Polaroids  more
convincingly. No puppet was found in the house, so I went with the CC to the place where I usually
throw away the material left over from my work. I picked up a piece of clay and pretended it was the
piece belonging to the puppet – a leg or an arm.

The CC put the Polaroids together with the curved, burned lid of the box, and said they required a
signed statement from me, which had to be taken down at the barracks. We then joined the rest of the
family, who of course had no idea what I had told the police. At this point Giuseppe began to get angry
with  them  because  he  thought  they  were  abusing  their  authority.  My  mother  was  literally  shocked,
seeing her son surrounded by four carabinieri, without knowing the reason. She did not understand that
they were fully within their rights and could turn the house upside down if they wanted, to look for
further incriminating evidence, such as more photographs.

Before going with the CC to their headquarters at the barracks in Arquata del Tronto, I accompanied
them to the places where I had encountered the creature, doing my best not to alert the whole village to
what was going on. We then returned to the house, where the commandant explained that there was
another problem to resolve – that of the article in Le Figaro. It was too late. The article had already
gone to press and no official denial could alter the fact if it went ahead. The CC said that in this case
their only course of action would be to send a helicopter to France that very evening. I still do not know
if they managed to stop the French article in time because I never saw it, but I do know that the same
article was sent by the same journalist to Germany, where it eventually appeared [as a brief piece, with
one photo of the creature].1 The officer added that the Japanese were also interested in the story, so my
statement  of  denial  had  to  be  transmitted  internationally  and  last  several  days.  If  the  story  reached
foreign countries it would be difficult to prevent a flood of journalists and students of the subject from
invading Pretare.

What  would  my  friends  think  of  me?  What  legal  consequences  would  ensue  from  the  official
accusations? I had never even had a parking ticket, I pointed out. The commandant reassured me that
my previous unblemished record would be taken into account. Regarding the official charge, he said I
would be able to clear myself of it by paying a fine of not more than 600,000 lira. First of all, however,
I would have to be questioned by the judge for preliminary investigations.

I  became  more  and  more  convinced  that  I  had  done  the  right  thing  for  my  family  and  myself  by
denouncing  the  photographs.  My  mother,  in  particular,  had  recently  been  ill,  and  had  this  business
continued she might have fallen ill again.

HEADQUARTERS
The  commandant  told  Filiberto  to  follow  him  in  his  car  to  the  Carabinieri
headquarters in Arquata del Tronto. Although Filiberto’s father wanted to go
along,  he  was  not  allowed  to  do  so.  ‘Before  we  went  to  the  headquarters,’
said Filiberto, ‘I told the CC about the episode involving the “men in black”
in Rome. They responded that this was yet another good reason to be rid of
the story.’

At headquarters, the commandant typed out Filiberto’s statement. About a
quarter  of  an  hour  later,  the  deputy  public  prosecutor  and  a  young  man

appointed as Filiberto’s lawyer arrived.

It was explained to me that I should now repeat what I had already told the CC, taking care not to make
any personal comment that might make my situation worse.

I  had  already  decided  on  my  defence,  discounting  the  photographs  but  not  the  story.  Before
proceeding, the lawyer asked to speak in private with me. He explained that if I wanted to, I could stick
to my story with the aid of a lawsuit, falling back on the proofs that had been taken away from me, but
the real problem was the Polaroids. However, he warned, a lawsuit could mean waiting a long time and
would be expensive. I thought it unusual that the deputy public prosecutor had been called out at that
hour in the evening, considering the typical slowness of the judicial system in Italy. As far as I could
gather, I was about to be subjected to a kind of trial at police headquarters.

The  prosecutor  began  to  ask  me  a  lot  of  questions  while  the  commandant  typed  it  all  down.  The
lawyer sat beside me with the book of the penal code in his hand, but he said little. At first I was rather
afraid of the prosecutor because of his serious demeanour, but I soon realized that he was a very calm
and sympathetic person. He reassured me that absolutely nothing would happen to me, even though the
last word would rest with the judge. These formalities at the headquarters took about four hours.

When he left, the prosecutor explained that the following morning there would be a complete denial
of everything in all the principal newspapers. Meanwhile, my lawyer would prepare a request for my
acquittal on the basis of the investigations carried out by the CC, who supported both me and my story.
Everything  was  arranged  in  the  following  way:  the  episode  had  really  occurred,  as  was  testified  by
reliable witnesses, but the real problem was the set of Polaroid photographs. In short, as long as one
tells  a  story  like  mine,  which  cannot  be  proved,  however  absurd  it  may  seem,  nothing  serious  can
happen. It can be explained away as an hallucination, for example, but if a story is supported with film
or photographs, everything becomes more complicated because no longer can one talk of hallucination
and one can end up trapped in a series of crimes which, though foreseen by the law, seemed absurd to
me.

When I returned home and recounted to my worried family what had happened, father said that I
should have simply hidden the Polaroids, as some others had advised. I pointed out that this would have
been construed by the CC as an attempt to conceal evidence: they were the law and they knew how to
apply  it.  So  now  I  no  longer  had  my  precious  Polaroids,  and  had  to  be  satisfied  with  the  excellent
reproductions made by the newspapers and CUN.

SCANDAL
The  following  morning,  a  scandal  hit  the  newspapers  in  Pretare  and
surrounding towns. THE UFO OF PRETARE ENDS UP IN COURT; FIRST HE SEES THE
UFO THEN THE JUDGE were two of the headlines. Mostly, the whole affair was
simply  ridiculed;  there  were  even  comments  that  RAI-2  itself  had  fallen
victim to the ‘hoax’.

That same day, by chance, Filiberto encountered his defence lawyer. ‘He
was  determined  to  sue  the  various  newspapers  for  having  published  this
before the final verdict,’ said Filiberto. ‘I appreciated his tenacity, but I had
not  escaped  from  one  legal  action  in  order  to  start  another.  The  lawyer’s
name  had  appeared  in  the  articles  and  it  was  clear  that  the  case  would

certainly have helped his career. After all, it was not every day that a lawyer
was called upon to defend a youth who met aliens by night!’

Fully expecting to have to endure mockery and insults, as well as further
anonymous  phone  calls,  Filiberto  was  pleasantly  surprised  when  nothing
happened,  although  he  did  have  arguments  in  Pretare  with  some  of  the
villagers. ‘You see, I told you so,’ they would tell him, ‘it was all a fake.’ The
Caponi family also suffered from the changing relationship with their friends
and neighbours. There were a few positive developments, however, such as
when the mayor of Ascoli Piceno summoned Filiberto to his office to thank
him  for  increasing  tourism  in  the  area!  Paradoxically,  all  the  denials  had
created more interest than the original story.

The Caponi case is not unique in leading to advice from the Carabinieri to
‘forget all about it’. At the end of August 1977, seven witnesses at Sturno,
Avellino,  near  Naples,  encountered  a  humanoid  being  dressed  in  a  silvery,
one-piece suit, and a brightly illuminated cylindrical object. On the same day,
news of the nocturnal encounter reached the CC barracks at Frigento and a
team was sent out to examine traces at the landing site. All seven witnesses
were  interrogated  separately,  then  together.  Individual  depositions  were
signed  and  the  witnesses  strongly  advised  by  the  police  officers  to  remain
silent about their experience. ‘Better that you forget all about it – for the wellbeing
  of  all,’  they  said.  Asked  why,  the  commandant  said  that  they  were
acting on ‘orders from superiors’.2

CLAIMS OF A HOAX
Filiberto  was  shocked  by  one  newspaper  headline  stating  that  the  National
Ufology Centre no longer supported his claims. ‘These people, who I thought
supported me and should now have been at my side, now turned against me. I
understood  that  they  had  to  protect  their  reputation,  but,  astonishingly,  this
article  implied  that  it  was  they  who  had  discovered  the  “fraud”.’  It  later
transpired  that  CUN  had  visited  Sergeant  Tersigni,  chief  of  the  local
Carabinieri,  to  share  details  of  their  investigation  into  the  affair.  Tersigni
reportedly professed his conviction that the story was a hoax.

Although they were first to contact Filiberto following publicity about his
initial claims, the Italian Centre for UFO Studies (CISU) remained the only
main  national  organization  that  had  yet  to  arrange  a  meeting  with  him.
Following the scandal, they wrote him a letter accusing him of fraud. ‘I wrote

back, saying they had less right than anybody to accuse me, since they knew
so little about the true facts,’ said Filiberto. ‘I also warned them that if they
continued with these accusations I would resort to the law. They wrote me a
letter  of  apology,  blaming  the  superficial  coverage  by  the  press,  and
reiterating  their  intention  to  investigate  the  case  properly,  but  the  Rome
Centre for UFO Studies, then investigating my case in depth, succeeded in
steering them away from me.’

I  wrote  to  Dr  Edoardo  Russo,  an  editor  of  the  CISU’s  magazine,  UFO:
Rivista di Informazione Ufologica,3 requesting clarification of CISU’s current
position on the Caponi case. In his reply, Russo enclosed a copy of a letter he
had sent to a Brazilian researcher:

In  May  1993  a  young  artist  in  Pretare  d’Arquata  (province  of  Ascoli  Piceno)  allegedly  saw  and
photographed on several different occasions a mysterious humanoid entity, seemingly wounded, which
he heard crying. Some of the pictures mysteriously ‘burned’, some remained and he finally sold them to
newspapers  and  TV.  Ufologists  and  police  were  unimpressed  and  finally  got  him  to  confess  he  had
falsified  the  story,  by  making  a  plasticine  puppet  and  photographing  it.  He  was  even  accused  of
[spreading] false and alarming news. The case had been closed for three years when it was resurrected
in  December  1996  by  the  sensationalist  magazine  Dossier  Alieni4  (edited  by  Roberto  Pinotti  and
Maurizio  Baiata)  who  gave  it  the  front-page  story,  omitting  the  conclusions  of  their  own  CUN
investigator who had first demonstrated the hoax!5

In his letter to me, Dr Russo makes it clear that he accepts the hoax verdict,
although it is evident that CISU did not conduct a proper investigation.6 As to
the  statement  that  Filiberto  sold  the  photographs  to  ‘newspapers  and  TV’,
that is only partially true, in that Filiberto received a relatively modest sum
from  Visto  (200,000  lira).  He  and  his  family  were  given  five-star  hotel
accommodation  plus  expenses  for  their  appearance  on  the  RAI-2  TV
programme.  Furthermore,  Filiberto  did  not  ‘confess  he  had  falsified  the
story’: on the contrary, in his statement to the Carabinieri he ‘confessed’ that
he had only fabricated the Polaroid photographs, not the story itself.

Dr Russo is correct in pointing out that CUN dismissed the story as a hoax.
I  have  a  copy  of  CUN’s  report,  forwarded  to  me  by  Dr  Russo,  and  their
analysis  of  the  case,  particularly  regarding  the  Polaroids,  includes  certain
interesting observations:

The creature shown in [Photos 3, 4, and 5] is completely different from the one [shown in Photo 6] . . .
Probably the choice of the materials for fabricating the creature was different . . . The skin appears to
have more reflective qualities. How is this possible? The skin does not appear to be monochromatic . . .
we all remember playing with plasticine [as children] with different colours . . .

[We are] sceptical of the anatomical shapes, especially the hip and the calf; for example, on the other
pictures, the calf is not as enhanced as the previous one . . . We were also very surprised by the static
nature of the creature. Why so stationary if it was scared? The only thing that changes is the angle of
the photographer. We think it’s a puppet.

The most overwhelming factor that persuades us that this is a hoax is that the eighth picture – the
previous seven pictures weren’t available and he showed us an eighth – is completely identical to the
third [i.e. sixth] one. It differs in one unique detail: there is a white stone coming out of the groin area.
The puppet has been put on a wall. We can prove this with a geometrical analysis of the shadows . . .7

Certainly,  the  creature  depicted  in  Photo  6  differs  from  the  one  shown  in
Photos 3, 4, and 5, in that it appears thinner, seems more reddish in colour
and is reflective. The reflection might be explained by the fact that, during
that final encounter in the small hours of 10 October 1993, it was raining. It is
also  possible  that  the  rain  may  have  altered  the  apparent  colour  of  the
creature’s  skin.  Study  of  Photos  4  and  5  reveals  strata-type  coloration,
implying that Filiberto used multicoloured plasticine to fabricate the ‘puppet’,
as claimed by CUN. But why would a faker go to the length of fabricating the
bulbous  ‘sack’  on  the  creature’s  back  and  encasing  its  legs  in  obviously
terrestrial  bandages  (Photo  3),  as  well  as  fabricating  that  strange,  whitish
substance  seen  on  its  head,  neck  and  chest,  and  those  even  more  unusual
white ‘tubes’ (Photos 4, 5 and 6)? Moreover, there is another case involving a
strange substance and ‘tubes’ – a case that Filiberto could not have known.

One  night,  early  in  November  1989,  two  boys  were  confronted  by  a
hideous  creature  that  jumped  out  of  some  bushes  in  the  Rabanal  area  of
Puerto Rico, between Cidra and Aibonito. Described as about three feet tall
with brown hairy fur, two large gaping eyes, a couple of holes for a nose and
two sharp fangs, the creature remained for a while underneath a street lamp,
trembling and writhing as if in pain, and emitting queer noises. It then began
foaming at the mouth and from several ‘fleshy tubes’ in its chest emerged a
foamy,  green  liquid.8  Though  dissimilar  from  the  Caponi  creature  in  most
respects,  this  singular  report  in  Puerto  Rico  provides  a  degree  of
corroboration  for  Filiberto’s  claims  inasmuch  as  it  was  first  published  (in
Spanish) in 1995.

Regarding  the  ‘eighth  photo’,  I  wrote  to  Roberto  Pinotti,  Gianfranco
Lollini and Maurizio Baiata requesting clarification, explaining that, as far as
I was aware, there were only seven Polaroid photographs in all, the seventh
(which I have) made at the request of the Carabinieri to identify one of the
sites where the creature had been photographed.

‘Really, we saw it,’ Pinotti told me, ‘but as far as we know, nobody else
saw it, and it simply disappeared.’

Regarding the apparent contradiction with our earlier conclusions and our later article in Dossier Alieni,
we decided to publish that old case because Caponi had problems with the Carabinieri and there was a
lot  of  publicity  about  the  charges,  which  from  a  legal  point  of  view  gave  him  a  certain  aura  of
rehabilitation. So it was this fact that obliged us to focus on the case again. We did not come to any
conclusion because, as far as we know, there is no conclusion. To be honest, we cannot say that the
case is a hoax, just as Caponi cannot demonstrate that it is true.

The problem is that Filiberto contradicted himself when we investigated the case, in that, regarding
the sixth photograph, showing the creature standing, he said he had taken it on another occasion. And
of course, we said no, this is not possible – to have another photograph of the same creature, in the
same spot, on a different date. And he admitted that he had lied to me about this because he did not
trust me. You must admit that all this is a bit suspicious. Frankly, this is a very difficult case. I cannot
say anything positive, but we have no proofs to show that it is a fabrication.9

Gianfranco Lollino is unequivocal. ‘According to our memory,’ he explained
to me, ‘that picture with the puppet in a grass space was absolutely identical
to the one that appeared in Visto [i.e. Photo 6] with the exception of a little
detail: a small, white “something” in the area of the puppet’s groin, probably
a pebble used to support the puppet in its upright position. Not only that, the
two pictures must have been shot in sequence and not with two days’ interval
as  Caponi  claimed:  it  would  hardly  be  possible  otherwise,  with  a  creature
running and hiding to-and-fro. Realising his naive mistake, Filiberto retained
the picture . . .’10

Maurizio Baiata holds a different opinion. ‘I never agreed with the way the
Caponi case was handled by CUN,’ he told me.

Figure 7. Papers from the Official Judiciary of Ascoli Piceno in 1998 declaring Filiberto Caponi’s
innocence of all the charges made against him in 1993.
 

I’m convinced it was conducted not only with considerable prejudice towards the principal witness but
also without paying sufficient attention to all the witnesses’ statements. Moreover, CUN never had the
original  Polaroid  photos  in  their  possession,  and  no  proper,  professional  analysis  was  carried  out;
instead,  Lollino’s  photographic  experience  was  relied  on  and  used  to  discredit  the  case.  The  matter
regarding the alleged eighth picture still remains unclear, and Filiberto never mentioned the existence
of  such  a  picture  in  my  presence.  The  Caponi  case  was  closed  too  soon.  I  took  the  decision  to
reconsider the case, publishing the overall story in the December 1995 issue of Dossier Alieni . . .11

I asked Filiberto for his side of the story. He denies ever being in possession
of  more  than  six  photographs  of  the  creature,  all  of  which  were  shown  to
Pinotti and his colleagues from CUN during their first visit. After that visit,
Filiberto  lent  five  of  the  photographs  to  Renato  Bianchi  of  ANSA,  but
retained Photo 6 as a security precaution. Following rumours in Pretare that
Filiberto  might  have  even  more  photographs  of  the  creature,  CUN
investigators returned to the Caponi household for a second visit and asked to
see the other photographs. Filiberto explained that the complete set had been
lent  to  ‘a  certain  person’  for  a  while.  Pinotti,  keen  to  gather  this  valuable
evidence for exclusive analysis by CUN, began to criticize Filiberto for his
blind  trust  in  this  (unnamed)  person  and  tried  to  persuade  Filiberto  to  part
with the photos for ‘safe keeping’ with CUN. Partly to show that he had not
been  entirely  trusting,  Filiberto  fetched  the  sixth  photograph  and  showed  it
again  to  Pinotti.  ‘That’s  why  Pinotti  stated  that  this  “additional”  picture
looked like the sixth one,’ Filiberto told me, ‘because it was simply the same
one! The reference to the white pebble was due probably to faulty memory or
an attempt to create difficulties for me. Incidentally, I should also point out
that the Carabinieri numbered the Polaroids in the incorrect sequence, which
created additional confusion.’

Gianfranco  Lollino  concludes  that  ‘Filiberto’s  alien  is  a  skilfully  made
puppet, meant to look like the best-known stereotype of an alien’.12 In many
respects, however, the creature is distinctly atypical, compared, for example,
with Spielberg’s ‘ET’, the most obvious stereotype that Filiberto would have
chosen for his ‘puppet’ then, in that he was unfamiliar with UFO literature
and with stereotypes depicted and described in best-selling books of the time,
such  as  those  by  Whitley  Strieber  and  Budd  Hopkins.  (An  analysis  of  the
creature’s  physiognomy,  including  allegations  regarding  its  ‘static’  nature,
appears in the following chapter.)

THE RETURN OF THE POLAROIDS
In March 1998 I asked Filiberto to try to recover the original Polaroid prints
confiscated by the Carabinieri in November 1993. With the assistance of a
politician  and  a  lawyer,  legal  proceedings  were  initiated  in  October  1998.
Filiberto was surprised to learn from his lawyer that the pictures should have
been returned to him years ago because not only had he ‘confessed’ to having
fabricated  them,  but  the  judge  of  the  Court  of  Ascoli  Piceno  had  acquitted
him of all charges relating to his indictment under Article 656 of the Penal
Code (see Figure 7).

Following  an  official  summons  to  collect  the  photographs,  Filiberto
presented himself at the Court of Ascoli Piceno, together with his lawyer, on
12  December  1998.  The  photographs  had  been  kept  in  an  archive  office,
locked  in  a  steel  filing  cabinet,  from  which  a  clerk  of  the  court  took  out  a
large  brown  envelope,  sealed  with  red  wax.  Witnessed  by  an  official,
Filiberto  signed  a  document  confirming  that  the  photographs  had  been
returned  to  him.  Also  contained  in  the  envelope  was  the  wooden  box  in
which  the  first  two  pictures  mysteriously  transformed,  a  copy  of  the
newspaper  in  which  the  story  first  appeared,  Filiberto’s  sketches  and  the
piece of clay used to make the ‘puppet’. The court retained the newspaper.

Three weeks later I flew to Rome. Filiberto drove from Pretare to meet me,
accompanied by his father and brother-in-law, and guarding the precious set
of pictures. In addition to making copies, I thoroughly examined the prints
and  satisfied  myself  that  these  were  indeed  the  original  Polaroids.  Having
previously  seen  only  copies,  the  rich  detail  in  these  images  took  me  by
surprise. But the question remained: Did they show an actual alien creature –
or a skilful fabrication?

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Berliner Zeitung, 12 February 1994.
2. Verga, Maurizio, ‘Seven Scared Witnesses and a Humanoid’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 25, no. 1, January–February 1979, pp. 17–19, 22.
3. UFO: Rivista di Informazione Ufologica, Italian Centre for UFO Studies (CISU), Casella postale 82, 10100 Torino, Italy.
4. Dossier Alieni, no. 3, December 1995, published by Futuro, Via Monte Penna 51, 00012 Guidonia Montecello, Italy.
5. E-mail from Dr Edoardo Russo to Philippe Piet van Putten, 7 February 1998.
6. Letter to the author, 23 April 1998.
7. L’Ominide di Pretare: Il Caso di Filiberto Caponi, Centro Ufologico Nazionale (CUN), Bologna, November 1993.
8. Martín, Jorge, ‘“Impossible Animals”: What is going on in Puerto Rico?’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 6, Puerto Rico, 1995, pp. 36–7.
9. Interview, 22 March 1999.
10. Letter to the author, 29 March 1999, translated by Alessandro Piccioni.
11. Letter to the author, 8 March 1999; interview, 14 June 1999.
12. Letter to the author, 29 March 1999.


===========================================================================================
Chapter 13. Analysis and Hypotheses

Filiberto  Caponi’s  photographs  were  taken  with  a  Polaroid  AutoFocus  660
Land  Camera,  using  640ASA  colour  film  in  a  ten-print  pack.  The  shutter
speed varies from 1/3 to 1/200 of a second. With a focal length of 106mm,
the  lens  has  a  maximum  aperture  of  f/12  and  a  minimum  aperture  of  f/42,
focusing  automatically  from  a  range  of  60cm  to  infinity  by  the  ultrasonic
method.  Effective  flash  range  is  from  0.6m  to  3.5m.  An  individual
photograph begins to develop once it is pulled out of the camera. Usually an
image will begin to appear after two or three minutes, but full development
can  take  up  to  15  minutes  or  longer,  depending  on  ambient  temperature.
(Data provided by Polaroid UK)

I commissioned Roger J. Green, Ph.D., an Expert Witness checked by the
Law  Society  and  Professor  of  Electronic  Communication  Systems  at
Warwick University, to conduct an analysis of my first-generation copies of
the  Polaroid  photos.  It  is  important  to  point  out  that  the  analysis  is  based
exclusively  on  the  images  per  se,  not  taking  into  account  the  information
accompanying them, which would constitute ‘hearsay evidence’.

‘A series of six images purporting to be an unusual creature, seen several
times in Italy, was examined,’ Professor Green’s report begins.

With the exception of Photos 1 and 2, all images show the creature apparently seated in some position,
showing predominantly the right side of its face.

The  skin  texture  is  uneven.  The  face  consists  of  a  mouth,  two  apertures  corresponding  to  human
nostrils,  and  two  eyes.  The  head  is  oval,  with  no  ears  apparent.  In  examination  of  Photos  4  and  5,
several interesting features are seen. Firstly, the head is hairless, and appears layered towards the rear.
A hole appears to exist in the rear outer layer, nearby which is a white area on the back of the head,
which are both also seen in the other images.

The arms and legs of the body appear to be in the right places from the human point of view. The
upper  arms  seem  shorter  than  in  the  standard  human  case.  The  hands  have  an  opposed  thumb  with
maybe two other digits and appear webbed, the forefinger being longer than the other(s), which is seen
clearly in Photo 6. The foot appears to have two toes.

The  upper  torso  seems  bulky  in  Photo  4,  and  slimmer  in  Photo  6.  There  is  a  bulbous  region  just
below the knee and on the rear side of the leg in Photo 4, and a swelling on the upper part of the leg just
above the knee seen in the same picture, on the right leg.

The upper body is deep, front to back, and, in all images except Photos 1, 2 and 3, two white tubes
can be seen leaving the chest area and re-entering the body area near what would be the stomach in a
human being. There is a white area, corresponding to the white tubes, on the front of the throat area.

Photo 5 shows much the same – the creature is seated – but the white area at the back of the head is
clearly  visible.  Certain  bulbous  regions  are  seen  on  the  back.  Photo  6  shows  the  creature
sitting/standing  against  some  vegetative  background.  A  great  deal  of  light  from  the  camera  flash  is
reflected from the throat area, under which area can also be seen the white tubes.

Photo 3 shows the creature’s main upper body enclosed in a spherical black covering of some kind,
with its legs folded under it, appearing quite white as though they are also covered. The structure of the
eye  regions  is  not  apparent,  and  little  if  no  light  appears  to  be  reflected  from  the  eyes,  as  might  be
expected when a flash is used.

Figure 8. An edge-detected version of Photo 4.

1½-year-old child

Creature
80 cms = 100% 80 cms = 100%
Height
15%
Head
32%
Torso
53%
Legs
12%
Foot length
17%
Forearm
Upper arm 12%

25%
35%
40%
9%
17%
18%

Adult human
180 cms = 100%
15%
35%
52%
10–15%
25%
20%

Table 1
The  underlined  sections  above  represent  comparable  proportions.  Data  was
extracted  from  The  British  Medical  Association  Family  Doctor  Home
Advisor, ed. by Dr T. Smith, published by Guild Publishing, London, 1987.

Dimensional Observations
Figure 8 represents an edge-detected version of Photo 4. Key dimensions of limbs are measurable using
the lines indicated, and these may be compared with a human’s limbs. The figure was reported as being
80 cms high, and this corresponds to that of an average 18-month-old child . . . All dimensions to be
discussed (see Table 1) will be compared with the full height. In the photographs, there is no complete
body image, so this will be composed of distances kl (the head), ab (the torso), cd (the thigh) and de
(the lower leg). Certain proportions of the body correspond to that of an adult human, but one other, the
forearm length, corresponds to that of an 18-month-old child. The upper arm is shorter than a child’s or
that of an adult human, in proportion to the length of the body. This is based on the visible length of the
upper arm, and suggests modified development compared to a standard human.

Picture 23 (here) represents a reconstruction of the creature as shown in Photo 6, taking into account
the dimensional information obtained from images of the creature when standing (?) and sitting. In the
case of the former, the exact same proportions of limb length were found as in the sitting figure images,
strongly  suggesting  that  all  images  were  of  the  same  creature.  One  curious  observation  that  may  be
made firstly is that an external pelvis structure seems to exist, such that the legs are held apart. The
hands and feet have interesting form in that there seem to be less digits compared to a human. The
hands appear as in the image here.

The top image is of the creature’s right hand, and the lower left image the left hand. There appears to
be a thumb, primary digit, and webbing to a secondary digit, amongst which is a vestigial digit. This
suggests a possible aquatic ancestry. The opposed thumb, as in a human hand, gives grasping flexibility
and  dexterity.  The  left-and  right-hand  images  appear  compatible,  i.e.  there  does  not  appear  to  be
asymmetry (as there is in some crabs’ pincers, for example).

The  foot  has  a  different  structure  (lower  right).  Both  images  are  of  the  left  foot,  from  above  and
below.  The  foot  appears  to  have  only  two  main  toes,  again,  as  with  the  hand,  with  some  possible
webbing between them. There is a heel, as with a human foot. Looking at the lower right image, it may
be seen that there is also a sole. The arches appear very substantial for the size of foot, suggesting a
reasonable degree of muscle or equivalent.
Images of a ‘Pod’
Photos  1  and  2,  showing  a  curious  brown  shape,  henceforth  referred  to  as  a  ‘pod’,  were  examined.
These were compared with other features in the images of known size [i.e. the paving stones, which are
20 cm × 20 cm – T.G.], from which dimensional information was obtained. It may be seen that the size
of the pod is compatible with the hypothesis that the creature could have been within it at some point.
The object is shown here.

The object is seen from the top. The depth in the vertical sense (into the picture) was measured as
around 26 cms, so that the object is of approximately circular cross-section at its widest point. From
one of the photographs, and indicated on the plate, several regions of interest may be seen. Region (a)
appears to be some outside area which is a pale version of the outer skin (e), as also does (d). Regions
(b) and (c) also appear to be light in colour, as a possible lining to the object. Region (f) is of a different
brown to the main outer region (e).

There is a shape (g) seen protruding from the general area of the pod, and the colour of this, when
compared mathematically with the colour of the ‘alien’, is a close match. This shape (g) may be seen in
the colour photograph (here).

The pod seen in another image (here) shows a different shape. As the shape is symmetrical and about
85 cms long, it suggests that it is the undamaged form of the pod, and that the previous image (here) is
the damaged form.

The alien images are consistent, and are indicative of the body of a creature around 80 to 85 cms in
height,  which  is  also  compatible  with  the  length  of  the  pod.  Therefore,  the  concept  of  the  creature
having been housed in the pod is clearly not unreasonable, especially as one of the images of the pod
appears to show the creature emerging.
Comparison with Caponi’s Paintings and Terracotta Work
The pictures of paintings by F. Caponi [as displayed in his brochure – T.G.] show a distinctive, neat
artistic style. Also, there are photographs of terracotta work by him, using a clay which results in a
similar colour to that of the creature. The contention may be that the creature is, in fact, a terracotta
model.

An examination of the terracotta work reveals smooth surface textures whatever the colour of the
finished  object.  The  brown  terracotta  objects  are  constant  in  colour,  unlike  the  coloration  of  the
creature, which varies from brown to white. To create this colour variation would either require careful
painting,  or,  even  more  difficult,  dyeing  of  the  clay  when  mixed  and  before  sculpting.  The  only
variation of colour of the terracotta objects when not painted is seen to be due to the illumination. To
create the same colour variations on a creature model would require very skilful lighting effects to be
set up, especially as the creature is seen from different views and still has the same coloration. The
conclusion would be that, if a model, the creature has been painted.
The ‘Static’ Images
(The assumption is that Photograph 4 was taken before Photograph 5.)

The  creature  is  seen  to  be  in  a  similar  sitting  position  in  both  pictures.  The  question  arises  as  to
whether  or  not  the  creature  has  moved  in  the  interval  between  them  being  taken  [a  few  moments,
according to Filiberto – T.G.]. Various marks and features can be seen on the ground in the vicinity of
the creature. In Photo 4, there seems to be a small object, possibly a piece of wood, not far from the
creature’s upper thigh, and this also appears in Photo 5. Another object, near the right foot in Photo 5,
does not appear to be present in Photo 4. Similarly, marks elsewhere in Photo 4 do not appear in Photo
5. Therefore, this suggests that the two photographs had a time interval between them, although the
photographic evidence cannot be used to determine what that was.

The position of the various limbs of the creature can be compared in the two photographs. As much
as  may  be  gained  from  these,  it  seems  that  the  relative  positions  have  not  changed  perceptibly.  The
right arm, positioned over the right leg, is in the same position. The inclination and direction of the
head, relative to that of the body, also appear to be very similar, allowing for the different angle of
view. The irregularities of the back also are identical. The position of the legs, relative to each other and
to the body, is the same.

The inescapable conclusion which may be reached, in comparing these two pictures, is that, if they
were taken at around the same time, then the creature has not moved much, if at all. There is just a
slight suggestion from Photo 4 that the upper body is leaning further forward, relative to the remainder
of it.
Further Hypotheses from the Images
1.   If ‘man-made’, one viable hypothesis is that the ‘alien’ is in fact a child in costume, because all
images  seen  have  the  creature  sitting  or  standing  against  a  supporting  background,  as  would  an  18-
month-old child. Other than sketches made by the witness, no images of a walking or running creature
are  available.  The  bulbous  regions  on  the  back  correspond  to  a  costume  which  is  bigger  than  the
wearer, and which has folds in it that stick out. The same can be said for other regions on the limbs.
2.   The so-called creature is, in fact, a corpse of a monkey mixed with other body parts, evidenced by
the  non-human  proportions  in  some  cases,  the  lack  of  very  distinctive  eyes,  and  the  general  air  of
fragility  and  decay  in  the  rear  of  the  head  region.  The  texture  of  the  skin,  and  the  bulbous  regions
referred to earlier above, could be indicative of general tissue dissolution.
3.   If at all genuine, the overall structure of the creature is human-like in terms of number of limbs, but
the proportions appear non-standard. The white tubes from the chest region could be:

(a) Part of a circulation system for the white substance seen round the neck and head (coolant,
nutrition, something equivalent to blood). It could be a medical device, in effect. The creature
could have had modifications to its body for some purpose, perhaps to increase nutrition to the
brain so as to enhance mental capability, or to give its brain (assuming it lies within the head)
some degree of protection from excesses of fluctuations of temperature.

(b) Some kind of handle for a protective suit which the skin may actually be, and which adheres to
the rear of the head. Therefore, the body covering could be a protective suit, which may explain
why no separate digits are seen on the hands. The fact that the creature is seated much of the
time suggests a preference for sitting rather than standing and moving about, perhaps due to
weakness. If the outer layer is a skin, an impression is given of irregularity and deformity. This
creature could be old and infirm.

‘This is certainly an interesting case,’ Professor Green told me after he had
completed  his  report.  ‘It  is  not  possible’,  he  concludes,  however,  ‘to
determine the origination of such a creature from the images, whether “manmade
” or otherwise1 . . . Instinct suggests that the complexity of the evidence
reinforces  the  idea  that  it  is  a  genuine  creature  [which]  does  not  really
resemble a terracotta model by Caponi.’2

WHAT HAPPENED?
Assuming Filiberto Caponi’s creature to be genuine, many questions remain.
Is it possible, as some believe, that the creature was the survivor of a crash?
In  1996  Massimo  Fratini  and  Maurizio  Baiata  asked  General  Salvatore
Marcelletti,  a  former  pilot  with  the  Italian  Air  Force  and  Aerolinee  Itavia,
(who is also well-known as a UFO researcher), to make some enquiries. ‘We
requested General Marcelletti to check with his contacts in the military to see
if  there  was  any  possibility  that  a  UFO  crash  had  ever  occurred  in  Italy,’
Baiata  told  me.  ‘He  was  not  only  denied  any  answer,  but  was  officially
reprimanded.’3

‘I really don’t know if an unidentified flying object crashed in my area at
the time,’ Filiberto told me in 1999. ‘I only remember that there was a report
of a military aircraft having crashed. However, General Marcelletti explained
to me that, if a UFO had crashed, the military would have diverted attention
to another area, feigning the recovery of an aircraft.’

Figure 9.6 First contact. The creature squatting, shivering and whimpering.

Figure 10. (a) Bandaging. (b) After I touched it with my foot, it jumped about a metre into the air and
the quiet whimper grew into a scream.

Figure 11. Running very fast.

Figure 12. Without its covering. It jumps over the wall without using its arms. Very quickly, for each
step it takes, it raises the right shoulder at the same time as the right leg, and vice-versa.

Figure 13. (a) Short arms, as though atrophied – it doesn’t seem to use them at all. (b) Rounded head,
tinted light and dark brown, like leather. (c) Dark-brown back. Skin taut, with no creases, shiny like
rubber. (d) Arm ending in a little fist.

Figure 14. First contact position. Only the head appears bare and skin-coloured.

Figure 15. Running position, without covering or ‘balloon’.

Figure 16. [Sitting position, with ‘balloon’ inflated.]

Figure 17. Standing up fully.

Figure 18. ‘Spherical’ position.

Figure 19. As it jumps up, the ‘balloon’ reduces in size.

Figure 20. Jumping over the wall.

Figure 21. (a) Phases 1 and 2: its preliminary position before running is bending down. (b) On tiptoe,
the heel seems to remain raised.

Figure 22. (a) Phase 3: the head maintains the same position, not changing its inclination. (b) Arms and
hands remain together.

Figure 23. Facial view. Its skin is wrinkled under the eyes.

Figure 24. Short arms, ending in four digits. The arms appear atrophied.

Figure 25. (a) Phase 4: back bent completely forward. (b) Legs extended like elastic. (c) Knee very
prominent. (d) External protrusion. (e) Veins and capillaries. (f) Developed calf muscle. (g) Two big
toes on each foot.

Figure 26. Jumping, at the first contact. (a) ‘Balloon’ half-deflated and quite soft. (b) Strange bandages
or medical gauze.

Figure 27. An uncaptioned sketch by Filiberto Caponi showing the creature in its fully extended
standing position, with mouth open.

That  explanation  seems  feasible,  given  that  a  crash  had  occurred,  but  I
think  it  unlikely  that  General  Marcelletti  would  have  been  ‘officially
reprimanded’  for  merely  posing  such  a  question.  I  asked  him  what  the
response had been from those he approached. ‘Concerning the supposed UFO
crash  in  Italy,’  he  replied,  ‘I  did  in  fact  ask  the  Italian  military  security
authorities,  and  they  denied  my  request.  I  was  told  that  nothing  happened
regarding a UFO crash or any other phenomenon.’4

Baiata proposes two hypotheses for the Caponi case. One is that Filiberto
may unwittingly have been exposed to a staged event, instigated by a highly
secret branch of the American, Italian or NATO intelligence community, for
the purpose of testing the reactions of the inhabitants of a rural area of Italy to
the presence of alien creatures in their midst. ‘The creature or creatures might
have  been  actual  extraterrestrial  biological  entities  in  the  possession  of  the

military,’ Baiata explained to me, ‘or produced here on Earth.’

‘So you think that the Americans, or NATO, had a captured creature, or
they manufactured it in some way, then just dumped it in Pretare to test local
reaction?’ I asked incredulously.

‘This  is  possible.  I’m  not  saying  it’s  true.  It  may  be  that  this  obscure
branch of the intelligence community is testing various territories, one after
the other.’

Baiata believes that part of the intelligence community is favourable to the
idea of leaking information about the alien subject, even if the information is
false or misleading. ‘But the “obscure” side, those who have the capability of
handling such operations, want to keep everything to themselves – they don’t
even want the other side to know what’s going on.’

Another possibility is that the creature seen by Filiberto might have been involved in a real UFO crash.
Where is this creature now? The whereabouts of that creature is for me the most interesting aspect of
this situation. In any event, the consequences for us researchers here in Italy have been serious. We
know that some of us are being watched very closely. It is a situation very similar to that which later
occurred in Varginha, Brazil . . .5

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Reports provided to the author by Professor Roger J. Green, Ph.D., C.Eng., FIEE, SMIEEE, MESEM, RPS, January–May 1999.
2. Letter to the author, 5 July 1999.
3. Interview, 15 April 1999.
4. Letter to the author, 7 September 1999.
5. Interview, 15 April 1999.
6. Figures 9 to 27 by Filiberto Caponi, © Filiberto Caponi.


==================================================================================
Chapter 14. The Creatures of Varginha

The city of Varginha, located 3100 feet above sea level in the Brazilian state
of Minas Gerais, about 200 miles north-north-west of Rio de Janeiro, became
the centre of national attention in January 1996 when weird creatures were
observed there on several occasions by numerous witnesses. Many claimed
that an extraterrestrial craft had crashed and that several of the creatures had
either been killed or captured by the authorities.

The  encounter  first  reported  occurred  on  the  afternoon  of  20  January  at
around  15.30.  Two  teenage  sisters,  Liliane  da  Silva  (16)  and  Valquíria  da
Silva  (14),  together  with  a  friend,  Kátia  Xavier  (22),  were  walking  past  an
open  plot  of  land  in  Santana,  just  north  of  the  Jardim  Andere  district  of
Varginha, when they encountered a strange creature. ‘I thought it was a statue
at first, but it wasn’t,’ said Liliane. ‘Valquíria and I thought it was an animal,
Kátia  started  to  say  it  was  a  demon.’1,2  Like  the  creature  photographed  by
Filiberto  Caponi,  it  had  brown  skin,  but  in  most  other  respects  it  was
dissimilar.

Squatting about 20 feet away, next to an abandoned cinder-block building,
the hairless and apparently naked creature (without visible sex organs) looked
to be about 80 centimetres in height. Its arms were thin, the left one between
its short, thin legs, the right arm beside the building. The girls were unable to
discern either hands or feet (the latter obscured by foliage). The creature had
oily  brown  skin,  a  roughly  triangular-shaped  head,3  with  three  large  ridges
running from front to back. The eyes were large, red, bulging, without pupils
and slanted oval in shape.4 It had a slit for a mouth, a barely discernible nose,
no  ears  and  huge  veins,  reminding  Valquíria  of  ‘a  big,  soft  bull’s  heart’,
which seemed to grow out of the neck and run down the shoulder, arms, chest
and  back.  To  Kátia,  the  creature  was  neither  human  nor  animal.  It  looked
repulsive, the huge red eyes particularly alarming the girls.5 They screamed.
‘The creature turned its head and looked at them, seemed almost frightened
and  crouched  a  bit  lower,  perhaps  trying  to  hide  from  them,’  reported  Bob
Pratt, an American journalist and author. ‘The three immediately fled back to
the street and didn’t stop running until they reached the Silva home more than
twenty blocks away.’6

Twenty minutes later, after the girls had calmed down, Kátia and the girls’
mother, Luiza, arranged for a neighbour to drive them back to the site of the
encounter. This time, there was no sign of the creature, apart from an area of
matted grass where it had been, and a smell of sulphur or ammonia.7 A young
girl and an elderly woman, alerted originally by the girls’ screams, remained
near  the  location  where  the  girls  had  seen  the  creature  and  said  they
witnessed firemen from the city fire department capture the creature and take
it away, after the girls had departed.

The  story  attracted  the  attention  of  local  investigator  Ubirajara  Franco
Rodrigues,  a  lawyer  and  university  professor.  After  interviewing  the  three
girls, Rodrigues stated that he was impressed by their sincerity and noted that
all three had been severely traumatized by the experience.

Rodrigues  also  interviewed  Henrique  José  de  Souza,  a  bricklayer  who
claimed to have seen a vehicle from the fire department at the location where
the creature had been seen, on the same day, and who further claimed that a
creature  had  been  captured  there  between  10.30  and  11.00.  Since  this  was
considerably  earlier  than  the  encounter  reported  by  the  girls,  Rodrigues
concluded  that  two  creatures  may  have  been  captured  in  Varginha  on  20
January, a conjecture subsequently supported by others.8

At 01.14 on 20 January Oralina Augusta was awakened by the sound of
bellowing  cattle  on  a  farm  six  miles  to  the  east  of  Varginha.  Opening  the
window, Oralina could see agitated cattle stampeding in the pasture 300 to
400  feet  away,  and  a  faintly  illuminated  submarine-shaped  craft  hovering
above  them.  She  awoke  her  common-law  husband,  Eurico  de  Freitas,  and
both observed the object.9,10

As  investigators  Bob  Pratt  and  Cynthia  Luce  (who  lives  in  Brazil)  were
told  by  Rodrigues,  the  couple  could  see  grey  smoke  or  vapour  emanating
from the back of the craft as it moved slowly in a rocking motion only about
15 to 20 feet above the ground. Neither Eurico nor Oralina ventured outside
but  stood  at  the  window  watching  as  the  object  slowly  took  45  minutes  to
move  out  of  sight  beyond  a  ridge  about  2000  feet  away,  heading  in  the
direction  of  Varginha.  The  couple  thought  the  craft  was  having  difficulties
because of the slow way it moved. ‘If the UFO was making any sound, it was
drowned  out  by  the  cows’  bellowing.  All  this  time  the  cattle  remained
panicky . . . but the couple’s four dogs, although awake, showed no reaction.
Eurico’s  and  Oralina’s  four  children,  aged  12  to  20,  slept  through  it  all.’11
The object was reported to be ‘about the size of a small bus’.12

CAPTURE
At  around  08.30  on  20  January  four  firemen  from  the  Varginha  City  Fire
Department answered a call about a strange creature seen near the woods in
Jardim Andere. In Brazil the Fire Department is run by the Military Police,
which act as state police under the aegis of the state’s governor. Their duties
include  highway  patrol,  riot  control,  rescuing  people  in  emergencies  and
firefighting.  As  national  firefighters,  one  of  their  duties  is  capturing  mad
dogs, wild animals and dangerous reptiles.

By the time the firemen responded, it was reported that three boys had seen
the  creature  in  the  Rua  Suécia,  a  street  which  runs  above  the  steep
embankment that leads down to the wooded area near where the three girls
reported  their  encounter  seven  hours  later.  A  man  and  a  woman  also
separately  reported  seeing  the  creature  as  it  slowly  made  its  way  down  the
bank. The boys had been throwing stones at the creature until the woman told
them to stop.13 Under the command of Major Maciel, the firemen (including
Sergeant Palhares, Corporal Rubens and Soldiers Nivaldo and Santos) arrived
at Rua Suécia in a fire truck.14 It was now about 10.00, by which time the
creature had disappeared in the woods.

Wearing  their  regular  uniforms  with  heavy  gloves  and  carrying  nets,  the
firemen searched for the creature, catching fleeting glimpses of it from time
to time. Some reports state that it gave off a strong, unpleasant smell.15 Two
hours  later  the  creature  was  confronted.  Described  as  about  one  metre  in
height, with blood-red eyes, strange, oily, brown-coloured skin, three raised
humps  on  top  of  its  forehead  and  a  very  small  opening  for  a  mouth,  it
appeared to be injured.16 The firemen threw a net over the creature, which
offered no resistance, although it made a curious humming or buzzing sound.
During the search, one of the firemen returned to the fire truck and radioed
his commander, requesting him to join the team. By the time the creature was
carried  to  the  Rua  Suécia  the  commander  had  arrived,  accompanied  by  an
army truck plus two officers and a sergeant.17 The army truck had been sent
from  the  Escola  de  Sargentos  das  Armas  (ESA),  a  high-security  military
academy  training  base  in  the  city  of  Três  Coraçoes,  25  kilometres  from
Varginha. Brigadier General Sérgio Lima Coelho, commandant at the base,
immediately  ordered  troops  to  seal  off  and  secure  the  area.  Observed  by
Henrique José de Souza from the rooftop of a nearby building, the creature
was  placed  in  a  wooden  box,18  about  one  metre  square.19  With  a  canvas
cover over it, the box was put into the back of the truck, with two army men
sitting  beside  it,  and  the  truck  returned  hurriedly  to  the  army  base.20
Lieutenant-Colonel  Olímpio  Vanderlei  Santos,  in  charge,  ordered  all
personnel involved not to discuss the matter with anyone: it was, he warned,
‘a secret operation’.21

Another  creature  is  believed  to  have  been  captured  some  hours  later.
Cynthia  Luce  and  Bob  Pratt  learned  about  this  incident  from  Ubirajara
Rodrigues  and  Vitório  Pacaccini,  another  experienced  investigator  who
teamed  up  with  Rodrigues  and  who  has  written  a  book  on  the  Varginha
incident.22 ‘Some time between 1:30 and 2 o’clock in the afternoon,’ Cynthia
and Bob relate, ‘a jogger saw seven armed soldiers cross a small footbridge
from Santana into the pasture next to the woods in the Jardim Andere . . .
Two of the soldiers were carrying automatic rifles and all were wearing side-
arms.  Two  carried  small 
rectangular  aluminum-colored  boxes  or
suitcases . . .’

The soldiers grouped into a V formation and moved up the hill, searched a small grove of trees just
below the [railroad] tracks, apparently found nothing, then turned and moved toward the big woods.
The jogger . . . continued straight ahead for several blocks and then turned into the street leading to
Santana. A minute or two later, three distinct shots were heard . . . the jogger returned to the street
overlooking the woods and saw an army truck with soldiers in it parked there.

At  that  moment,  four  of  the  soldiers  who  had  gone  into  the  woods  came  struggling  up  the  steep
embankment carrying two bags, two soldiers to each bag. One bag was squirming as if something live
was in it, but the other had no movement. The bags were heaved into the truck, the soldiers climbed in,
and the truck sped away.23

A lawyer living nearby also heard three shots and witnessed soldiers carrying
something animate in a sack.24

Following a storm at around 18.00, as both military and police continued
to search the area, two plain-clothes agents of the Military Police (P-2) saw
another creature, similar to the one reported by the three girls at 15.30. ‘The
two  men  were  able  to  capture  it  and  force  it  into  the  back  seat  of  their
unmarked Military Police car,’ Cynthia and Bob learned. ‘It may have been
ill, because the men reportedly took it to a small public health clinic, but the
doctor  there  refused  to  go  near  the  creature  and  told  them  to  take  it  to  a
hospital.’

One of the police officers, Marco Chereze, is believed to have handled the
creature with his bare hands when he captured it. A few days later he became
ill and was admitted to hospital with a high fever. ‘He rapidly lost use of his
arms and legs, and was unable to feed himself,’ report Cynthia and Bob.

At the end, he turned blue and failed to respond to treatment. He died on Feb. 15. The only advice
given his family was that the coffin should be sealed, the funeral should take place without delay, and
burial  should  follow  within  a  few  hours  .  .  .  Chereze’s  family  reportedly  sued  the  Military  Police
because the cause of his death was never explained. The results of any autopsy were never revealed –
the only thing of note was a lab report saying ‘a small quantity of toxic material’ had been found in his
body – and allegedly his official records were altered to state that he wasn’t on duty that night.25

MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS
Following the captures, rumours proliferated that the second of the creatures
had been examined medically, initially at the regional hospital of Varginha on
the  evening  of  20  January,  then  at  the  more  secluded  and  best-equipped
hospital in the region, Hospital Humanitas, one and a half kilometres distant.
Two  days  later  the  creature,  by  now  dead,  was  transferred  to  the  Escola
Preparatorio  de  Cadetes  (Army  Cadet  School),  then  to  the  University  of
Campinas,  230  kilometres  away,  in  a  military  operation  commanded  by
Lieutenant-Colonel Vanderlei Santos.26

A nurse told Ubirajara Rodrigues that for several hours during the night of
20  January  a  section  of  the  regional  hospital  had  been  blocked  off,  with
access denied to patients, visitors and employees. Soldiers and army vehicles
had  been  parked  outside,  and  physicians  from  other  cities  called  in  to
examine  the  creature.  Rodrigues  informed  Cynthia  and  Bob  that  on  the
following Monday, 22 January, all hospital employees were summoned to a
meeting and told that everything that had happened that weekend was to be
ignored  because  ‘it  was  just  a  training  exercise  for  doctors  and  military
personnel’ and that if anyone (‘especially that lawyer Ubirajara’) should ask
questions about the incident, they were to deny everything.27

Interviewed  by  Graham  Birdsall,  editor  of  Britain’s  UFO  Magazine,
Vitório Pacaccini confirmed that the first creature captured on the morning of
20  January  had  been  taken  to  the  army  academy  (ESA)  at  Três  Coraçoes.

What  happened  after  that  is  uncertain,  but  the  second,  injured  creature  had
been taken initially to the regional hospital, then to the Hospital Humanitas.
On Monday, 22 January, between 15.00 and 18.00, three military trucks were
seen  parked  outside  the  Hospital  Humanitas.  By  18.00,  reportedly,  the
creature was dead. A single truck entered the hospital grounds through a side
entrance and backed up to a doorway. ‘The scene on the other side of that
doorway has been described by several witnesses who were present,’ Birdsall
learned. ‘The second creature had been laid out in a small [0.60m × 1.70m]28
wooden  casket:  a  lid  was  close  by  .  .  .’29  In  a  recorded  deposition  with
Pacaccini, an army officer disclosed the following:

There  were  a  lot  of  doctors  –  over  15  of  them  –  all  wearing  surgical  suits:  some  had  stethoscopes
around their necks. There were military policemen, and firemen. One of the S-2 [military intelligence]
lieutenants was filming everything with a portable camera, while the other one was taking notes. One of
the  doctors  came  over  and  opened  that  slit  of  a  mouth,  grabbed  its  tongue  and  rolled  it  out,  using
forceps. It was a long, black, flat tongue, about 12 centimetres long. When the doctor released it, it
went straight back into that little slit.

There was an unbearable smell of ammonia. The creature was about 160 centimetres long, with big,
V-shaped feet, and had dark brown skin, which looked oily. A big head – bigger than ours – with some
kind of protuberances on the top of it – three of them. It didn’t have a nose, just two holes, and it just
had a slit of a mouth and big, round eyes with no pupils at all. Its legs were short and skinny, and long,
thin arms.30

The creature had three fingers on each hand. No sexual organs, nipples, or
navel  were  visible.  There  appeared  to  be  joints  in  the  knees,  which  were
grazed and wrinkled.

Eventually,  the  lid  to  the  box  was  screwed  down  and  two  military
personnel,  in  face  masks  and  gloves,  wrapped  it  in  black  plastic  sheeting
before placing it in the back of a truck parked outside.

Among the Brazilian military personnel present at this examination were
Lieutenant-Colonel  Olímpio  Vanderlei  Santos;  Lieutenant  Tibério;  Captain
Ramírez;  Sergeant  Pedrosa,  S-2  Military  Intelligence  (who  filmed  some
scenes  with  a  camcorder);  Corporal  Vassalo  and  Private  De  Mello  (who
drove the middle truck in the convoy taking the creature’s body away from
the hospital), and Private Cirillo. These personnel had come from the army
academy  (ESA):  it  is  assumed  that  they  returned  there  upon  leaving  the
hospital.  Later  it  was  reported  that  a  long  convoy  of  trucks  and  private
vehicles, led by a yellow Volkswagen van, headed out of Varginha at 04.00
the following morning, 23 January. Military and civilian witnesses confirm
that the convoy drove to the Army Cadet School in Campinas. The creature
then was transferred to the University of Campinas (UNICAMP).31

AUTOPSY
At  UNICAMP  the  creature’s  body  was  autopsied  by  pathologists  at  the
Department of Forensic Medicine, headed by Dr Fortunato Badan Palhares, a
leading expert in the field. In 1985 Palhares had participated as a member of
an international team in the post-mortem of the alleged remains of Dr Josef
Mengele, the notorious Nazi ‘Angel of Death’, who died in Brazil in 1979.
Although  witnesses  testified  that  Dr  Palhares  performed  the  creature’s
autopsy, officially he denies having done so. ‘He doesn’t talk to the press or
anyone else about the creatures captured in Varginha,’ Pacaccini explained to
me. ‘He just denies everything, and now he has threatened the press, saying
that  he’ll  sue  anyone  who  tries  to  associate  his  name  with  the  Varginha
incident again. Of course, I know that he is involved up to his neck with the
incident. I wouldn’t be crazy enough to say such a thing like that to the whole
press if I could not prove it.’32

Contacted  in  1997  by  Bruce  Burgess,  producer  of  a  British  TV
documentary, The Brazilian Roswell, Dr Palhares declined to go on camera,
although he did agree to make a statement over the telephone. ‘I am not and
have  not  actively  and  personally  participated  officially  in  the  Varginha
incident,’  he  stated.  ‘I  have  never  been  involved  with  any  member  of  the
national security service or the army in dealing with the issues relating to the
ETs  of  the  Varginha  case.’  Questioned  by  a  student  some  weeks  after  the
incident,  Palhares  reportedly  responded  differently.  ‘Well,  young  man,’  he
said, ‘I’d really love to give you an answer, but please, ask this question in
ten or fifteen years from now.’33

NORAD ALERT
The North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) is responsible
for protecting the North American continent from attack by enemy missiles
and  aircraft.  As  I  have  shown  in  my  earlier  works,  there  is  a  considerable
body  of  evidence  indicating  that,  accordingly,  NORAD  is  and  has  been
involved in monitoring UFO activity – or ‘uncorrelated observations’ – via its
Unknown  Track  Reporting  System  (NUTR).34  According  to  information
supplied in late 1999 to Rubens Villela, the meteorologist, the Brazilian Air
Force  (FAB)  detects  an  average  of  five  UFOs  a  day.  ‘They  know  how  to
distinguish echoes by their speed, sometimes 40,000 kph and 600 metres or
more in size,’ Villela told me.35 According to information leaked to Vitório
Pacaccini  by  an  FAB  officer,  on  13  January  1996  NORAD  alerted
CINDACTA,  the  combined  military-civilian  agency  controlling  airspace  in
Brazil, that it had tracked a number of unidentified objects over the western
hemisphere that night and that one or more had penetrated Brazilian airspace.
CINDACTA immediately  alerted the  ESA  army  command in  Três Coraçoes.36

According  to  Pacaccini,  advance  warning  by  NORAD  included  coordinates
  of  latitude  and  longitude,  although  the  Americans  were  unable  to
say  whether  the  object  was  about  to  land  or  crash.  Pacaccini  believes  the
potential of  a crash  – any  sort  – in  a heavily  populated area  might  explain
why the Brazilian authorities were on the scene unusually promptly.37

CRACKDOWN
Pacaccini  claims  to  have  received  many  threats  during  his  investigations,
some made anonymously on the telephone. He told Graham Birdsall that on
occasions he felt it necessary to wear a bullet-proof vest. ‘It’s now common
knowledge’, Birdsall reported in July 1996, ‘that if anyone in the military so
much as mentions [Pacaccini’s] name, they are handed an immediate 10-day
detention.  Indeed,  according  to  latest  reports,  the  crackdown  has  begun  in
earnest.  General  Lima  Coelho  is  reported  to  have  issued  an  order  banning
anyone  in  the  military  from  speaking  or  having  contact  with  any  Brazilian
ufologist.’38  I  asked  Pacaccini  to  confirm  the  foregoing.  ‘Absolutely!’  he
replied, in mid-1999. ‘It hasn’t changed, even at the present time. I know it
sounds  ridiculous,  but  it’s  true.’39  Pacaccini,  an  export-import  broker  who
owns three coffee plantations in Belo Horizonte, takes the threats so seriously
that he regularly carries arms.40

Threats have not prevented researchers from gleaning new and significant
information  about  the  case.  It  has  been  learned,  for  instance,  that  an
American civilian was present on the morning of 20 January when the first
creature was loaded on to a military truck; that a large US Air Force transport
aircraft (believed to be a C-5 Galaxy or a C-17 Globemaster) was seen at São
Paulo International Airport on the morning of 20 January and that the same
aircraft  then  appeared  at  Campinas  Airport  on  22  January.41 Pacaccini and
Rodrigues interviewed approximately 25 first-hand witnesses to the various
incidents  associated  with  the  creatures  in  Varginha,  including  military
policemen,  army  personnel,  doctors  and  others,  and  learned  the  names  of
almost all the military personnel involved. A few witnesses stated that a crash
and subsequent recovery of some type of aerial craft occurred in the vicinity
of Varginha.

CRASH OR LANDING?
On the morning of 13 January 1996 Carlos da Souza was driving along the
Fernão Dias highway that connects São Paulo and Belo Horizonte, at a point
about three miles south of the intersection that leads to Varginha to the west
and Três Coraçoes to the east, when he heard a muffled roaring sound. Da
Souza claims that the noise came from a silvery, cigar-shaped craft about 400
feet in the air, travelling parallel to the highway at around 40 to 50 mph. It
was estimated to be 30 to 40 feet long and 12 to 15 feet wide, Cynthia Luce
and  Bob  Pratt  were  informed  by  the  investigators,  and  had  at  least  four
windows along the side and what looked like a large, jagged hole in front,
and a long dent or crack running from the hole to the centre of the craft, from
which issued white smoke or vapour.

Da Souza gave chase in his pickup truck for about ten miles, at which point
the  craft  disappeared  in  a  dive  behind  some  elevated  terrain.  He  headed
towards  where  he  believed  the  craft  might  have  descended  and,  about  25
minutes later, claims to have come across a field strewn with pieces of debris,
some quite large, which were being collected by about 40 soldiers. Two army
trucks, three cars, an ambulance, two male nurses and a helicopter were at the
site, and a smell of ammonia or ether permeated the area. Da Souza picked up
a  piece  of  very  light,  aluminium-like  material,  which  floated  to  the  ground
when  he  dropped  it.  Spotted  by  one  of  the  men,  armed  soldiers  shouted  at
him to leave at once. During a coffee stop going back to São Paulo, da Souza
states that a car drew up and two apparent military men in civilian clothes
approached, addressed him by name and warned him not to talk to anyone
about what he had seen.

Da Souza’s story remains unverified. He claims not to have known about
the  widely  publicized  report  of  the  creatures  seen  in  Varginha  until
September  1996,  when  he  read  a  magazine  article  by  Claudeir  Covo,  an
investigator who had been working with Rodrigues and Pacaccini. Da Souza

contacted  Covo  and  eventually  showed  him  and  Rodrigues  the  site  of  the
alleged  crash,  but  no  traces  could  be  found  and  nobody  in  the  area  knew
anything about it. Furthermore, as Bob and Cynthia point out, key elements
in da Souza’s story are suspiciously similar to those described in the famous
story of the crash/retrieval operation near Roswell, New Mexico, in July 1947
and his description of the craft tallies rather too well with that provided by
Oralina Augusta and Eurico de Freitas.42

I find it hard to credit that an army team could have been at the site within
25 minutes of the crash, even though the ESA base at Três Coraçoes is only
seven  miles  away  and  even  supposing  precision  guidance  based  on  coordinates
 purportedly provided by NORAD. However, on a later visit to the
supposed crash site, Rodrigues and members of his group discovered a 400-
feet-square  area  of  ground  that  appeared  to  have  been  replaced  with  fresh
sod.  Furthermore,  several  military  witnesses  are  reported  to  have  seen
wreckage of a crashed craft being transported to the ESA base by two army
trucks  on  13  January.  The  witnesses  also  claim  that  the  wreckage
subsequently  was  taken  by  convoy  to  the  National  Institute  for  Space
Research (INPE) in São José dos Campos, near São Paulo.43

At  a  lecture  in  São  Paulo  on  11  December  1999  Juan  José  Benítez,  the
Spanish  journalist  and  author,  described  finding  unusual  traces  30  metres
from  a  fence  at  the  site  in  Varginha  where  one  of  the  creatures  had  been
captured. These traces had apparently been overlooked by other investigators.
Rubens Villela, who attended the lecture, gave me some details:

On  hard  soil  covered  with  grass  and  lying  on  a  six  to  eight  per  cent  slope,  Benítez  found  three
cylindrical  holes  about  20  centimetres  deep  and  20  to  40  centimetres  wide,  forming  a  right-angled
triangle  with  an  11-metre  hypotenuse.  A  tree  very  close  to  one  of  the  holes  had  been  felled  and
dehydrated. A stone in the middle of the pattern had been melted by a 1100 degrees C temperature,
according  to  analysed  samples  he  took  to  Spanish  universities.  Entomologists  said  there  should  be
many more insects from the soil from the holes, which apparently had been sterilized.

Benítez has decided to investigate Varginha further, because he thinks there are more things behind
the events . . .44

MORE CREATURES
On  21  April  1996,  67-year-old  Terezinha  Gallo  Clepf,  together  with  her
husband  and  some  friends,  had  been  at  a  restaurant  in  the  Varginha  Zoo
Gardens. At around 21.00 Sra Clepf went outside on the veranda to smoke a
cigarette. After a few minutes she began to feel uneasy, as though someone
were looking at her. ‘I turned to my left and saw a creature staring at me,’ she
stated. The creature was about four to five feet tall and around 15 feet away.
‘I  didn’t  know  what  it  was  .  .  .  It  was  very  ugly.  It  was  brown  and  had  a
brightness or shininess to the skin. The eyes were big and red, and the mouth
was  just  a  stroke.  He  stayed  there  looking  at  me.’  Terrified,  Sra  Clepf
remained  rooted  to  the  spot  for  over  five  minutes,  then  slowly  got  up  and
went  back  inside  the  restaurant.  She  glanced  back  only  once,  to  see  the
creature still staring at her.

About a week prior to this incident two deer, an anteater, a bobcat and a
blue macaw at the zoo died suddenly in mysterious circumstances. According
to the zoo’s director, Dr Leila Cabral, no cause for the death of the bobcat or
the macaw could be determined; the deer died of ‘caustic intoxication without
apparent cause’, the anteater of an ‘unidentified toxic substance’.

Another of several further creature sightings happened at about 19.30 on
15  May  1996.  While  driving  from  Três  Coraçoes  to  Varginha,  close  to  the
farm  where  the  submarine-shaped  craft  was  reported  on  20  January,  Ildo
Lucio Gordino, a 21-year-old biology student, encountered a bizarre animal
which had started to cross the road about 40 metres in front of his car. ‘The
headlights shone on a dark brown thing with hair all over its body,’ said the
student. ‘It had huge eyes that reflected red in the headlights. It covered its
face with its hands and crouched down.’

Also  in  May  a  20-year-old  witness,  Luciano  Olímpio  dos  Reis,  was
walking home one night in Passos, about 40 miles north of Varginha, when
he claims to have been attacked by a five-foot-five tall, hairy creature with a
strange growl. The witness, who is six-foot-five tall and weighs 190 pounds,
was knocked to the ground, his shirt and jacket ripped by sharp claws. ‘He
kicked out and knocked the creature off balance, jumped up, and ran, but was
knocked  down  again,’  report  Bob  and  Cynthia.  ‘In  the  scuffle,  Luciano
kicked the creature in the groin, causing it to double over, and Luciano was
finally able to escape to a nearby house.’ Vitório Pacaccini, who examined
Luciano’s injuries and torn clothing, is convinced the incident (one of four in
the  area)  really  occurred,  although  he  believes  it  was  not  related  to  the
Varginha incidents.45


‘MEN IN BLACK’

At  about  22.00  on  the  night  of  3  or  4  May  1996  Liliane  and  Valquíria  da
Silva, the first to report seeing a creature on 20 January, were asleep at home,
as was their mother, Luiza, when there came a knock at the front door of their
house  in  Santana.  Opening  the  door,  Luiza  was  confronted  by  four  men
dressed  in  dark  suits.  They  gently  pushed  their  way  inside  and  insisted  on
talking to Liliane and Valquíria. ‘Luiza got them up and everyone gathered in
the  small  living  room,  the  girls  and  mother  on  one  sofa,  the  four  men  on
another sofa opposite them,’ report Bob and Cynthia.

One man was about 50, the others in their early 30s. They were polite but businesslike. Only the older
man and one of the others talked. They never identified themselves, but spent more than an hour trying
to get the girls to change their story, and even implied they would be paid a lot of money if they made
their denials publicly on TV. Afraid to object, Luiza said they would think it over . . . The men finally
left, but told them not to follow them to try to see what kind of car they were driving. The men were
never seen again, and the girls did not withdraw their story.46

THE OFFICIAL VERSION
While  pursuing  his  investigations  in  Varginha  in  1997  Bruce  Burgess
managed to obtain two official explanations for the incidents relating to the
capture  of  the  creatures.  Sub-Lieutenant  Rubens  of  the  Varginha  Fire
Department  (under  the  aegis  of  the  Military  Police  of  Minas  Gerais)  was
unequivocal.  ‘I  think  that  the  public  should  ask  how  it  was  possible  that
beings from another planet were expected to be captured by six lieutenant-
firemen,’  he  declared.  ‘Everyone  here,  including  the  commander,  doesn’t
believe it, because we never saw it.’

‘To  them,  it  was  just  another  routine  day,’  reports  Burgess.  ‘But  when  I
asked them to tell us what they did on this routine day, they told me it was
classified.’

At Três Coraçoes Burgess asked to interview the senior officer at the ESA
high-security training base. ‘After waiting for several hours, a major agreed
to give us this exclusive interview, to set the record straight once and for all
on the incident. If some of the descriptions by the witnesses of the incident
seem a little outlandish, the official military version is bizarre in the extreme.’
‘The  appearance  of  an  extraterrestrial  did  not  take  place,’  Major  Calza
began, ‘because it has never been officially proven.’

What happened was that, on 20th January 1996, there were violent storms in Varginha. Here in Três
Coraçoes, we were having a ceremony, [and] we also had to send some trucks for maintenance while
they were still under guarantee. So we sent two trucks into Varginha . . . To further complicate the
story, there were more coincidences relating to the events. At the hospital in Varginha, there was an
expectant  dwarf  couple,  which  coincided  with  ESA  taking  the  creature  to  the  hospital  in  Varginha.
There must be a confusion between this and the dwarf couple who were expecting a baby . . .

What  about  the  description  of  the  creature,  as  given  by  the  three  girls  in
Santana, for example? ‘In Varginha, there’s a mentally handicapped man – a
dwarf  –  who  has  a  strange  disfigured  appearance,’  explained  Major  Calza.
‘As a consequence of these storms that we’d had, he had hurt himself whilst
trying to take cover or get home. When this happened, he was near the area
where  these  girls  said  they’d  seen  this  strange  creature,  but,  if  we  were  to
look at what they saw again, they could have confused this dwarf-man with
something else, due to his disfigured physical appearance and dark skin.’47

A QUESTION OF PROOF
Much  of  this  résumé  of  the  Varginha  incidents  is  based  on  information
provided  by  Ubirajara  Rodrigues  and  Vitório  Pacaccini  to  Bob  Pratt  and
Cynthia Luce, during their investigations in Varginha in March 1996 and in
August 1997. A journalist for 48 years, Bob has visited Brazil on numerous
occasions to investigate alien encounters, many of which are described in his
important  book,  UFO  Danger  Zone:  Terror  and  Death  in  Brazil.  Cynthia
holds a master’s degree in anthropology and experimental psychology. She
has lived for over 25 years in the mountain village of São José do Vale do
Rio Prato, two hours from Rio de Janeiro, where I was a guest in her lovely
home  for  several  days  in  1988.  I  know  both  Cynthia  and  Bob  to  be
thoroughly  professional  in  their  research  methodology.  The  fact  that  they
have  been  impressed  by  the  evidence  presented  to  them  is  enough  to
convince me that the events occurred more or less as stated.

Regarding  the  capture  of  a  creature  (or  creatures)  in  Varginha  on  20
January 1996, Pacaccini persuaded an active-duty military officer involved in
the  case  to  record  a  42–minute  deposition,  during  which  it  was  confirmed
that: (a) the sighting of the creature by the three young women is accurate,
along with their descriptions; (b) the being produced a vocal buzzing sound,
similar to that of a bee; (c) it was captured by personnel from the Varginha
City  Fire  Department,  then  taken  to  the  ESA  base  in  Três  Coraçoes  and
afterwards  to  the  Hospital  Humanitas,  then  transferred,  as  a  corpse,  to  the
Army  Cadet  School,  thence  to  the  University  of  Campinas;  and  (d)  the
overall  military  operation  was  commanded  by  Lieutenant-Colonel  Olímpio
Vanderlei Santos.48

There remains the question of proof. As Rodrigues explained to Bob and
Cynthia, two months after the first incidents were reported:

As an attorney, if I were in a court of law and had to prove that the firemen had captured an alien from
another planet – with proof coming from an accredited place like the University of Campinas which
would issue an official notice that said ‘One dead alien . . . of this blood type’ [et cetera] – we have not
been able to get that. We believe such reports exist and that this actually happened. I can prove, with
testimony  and  witnesses  .  .  .  that  these  things  occurred,  but  we  don’t  have  any  official  reports.  A
creature was captured, but where it came from we can’t prove . . .49

UNDER AMERICAN CONTROL
Another  researcher  involved  in  the  Varginha  investigations  is  Edison
Boaventura,  who  told  Michael  Wysmierski,  editor  of  The  Brazilian  UFO
Report,  that  there  were  those  in  the  military  who  wanted  to  release  the
information to the public but worried about possible repercussions from the
government towards them and their families.50

Some Brazilian investigators are convinced that the creatures were taken to
the United States, a conviction based partly on statements made, as Bob and
Cynthia  report,  by  Brazilian  military  personnel  who  ‘resented  the  idea  that
Brazil  would  relinquish  control  and  turn  the  aliens  over  to  the  US’.51  As
mentioned previously, an American civilian was present on 20 January 1996,
when the first creature was loaded on to a military truck, and a heavy US Air
Force transport aircraft was seen at São Paulo International Airport, and the
same  aircraft  then  appeared  at  Campinas  Airport  on  22  January.52  Perhaps
coincidental too was the visit to São Paulo and other parts of Brazil, early in
March  1996,  by  Warren  Christopher,  then  US  Secretary  of  State,  together
with  Daniel  S.  Goldin,  Director  of  NASA,  ‘ostensibly  to  arrange  for  a
Brazilian astronaut to join a future Space Shuttle flight’.53

That  so  many  civilian,  police  and  military  witnesses  have  come  forward
with testimony, in most cases allowing their names to be used – particularly
those present at the creature’s medical examination at the Hospital Humanitas
–  is  remarkable.  The  preponderance  of  evidence  convinces  me  that  several
creatures  were  indeed  captured  by  the  Brazilian  authorities,  subsequently
assisted by on-scene American advisers, in Varginha in 1996. The creatures
may have been transported to the United States, a nation whose military and

scientific  intelligence  community  has,  in  my  estimation,  more  experience
than  any  other  in  handling  such  special  operations.  That  other,  similar
creatures  were  seen  at  later  dates  begs  important  questions:  Are  they  still
here? Have they survived? And if so, what is their purpose?

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Wysmierski, Michael, ‘The Mysterious ET(s) of Varginha, MG’, The Brazilian UFO Report, vol. 1, no. 6, 1996, pp. 11–12.
2. Pratt, Bob and Luce, Cynthia, ‘Varginha, Brazil, ET crash, capture?’ MUFON UFO Journal, no. 364, August 1998, p. 3. Copyright 1998 by the Mutual UFO Network.
3. Pratt and Luce, op. cit., pp. 3–4.
4. Letter to the author from Cynthia Luce, 25 April 1999.
5. Pratt and Luce, op. cit., pp. 3–4.
6. Pratt, Bob, UFO Danger Zone: Terror and Death in Brazil – Where Next?, Horus House Press, PO Box 55185, Madison, Wisconsin 53705–8985, 1996, p. 326.
7. Pratt and Luce, op. cit., pp. 3–4.
8. Wysmierski, op. cit., p. 11.
9. Pratt, Bob and Luce, Cynthia, ‘The Varginha ET Case’, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, September 1998, pp. 10–11. Copyright 1998 by the Mutual UFO Network.
10. Birdsall, Graham W., ‘Incident at Varginha: Brazilian UFO Crash Retrieval?’ UFO Magazine (UK), September–October 1996, p. 10.
11. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, pp. 10–11.
12. Wysmierski, op. cit., p. 12.
13. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 11.
14. Pacaccini, Vitório, ‘Varginha Incident’, Beyond Boundaries, PO Box 250, Rainbow, Texas 76077, no. 12, July–August 1998, p. 12.
15. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p.11.
16. Birdsall, op. cit., p. 10.
17. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 11.
18. Birdsall, op. cit., p. 10.
19. Pacaccini, op. cit., p. 12.
20. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 11.
21. Pacaccini, op. cit., p.12.
22. Pacaccini, Vitório and Portes, Maxs, Incidente em Varginha, Ediçoes Cuatiara, Belo Horizonte, Brazil, 1996.
23. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, pp. 11–12.
24. The Brazilian Roswell, directed by Bruce Burgess and produced by Jackie Stableforth, Transmedia Productions, London, 1998.
25. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 12.
26. Wysmierski, op. cit., p. 12.
27. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 364, p. 5.
28. Pacaccini, op. cit., p. 13.
29. Birdsall, op. cit., pp. 11–12.
30. The Brazilian Roswell.
31. Birdsall, op. cit., pp. 11–12.
32. Letter to the author, 5 July 1999.
33. The Brazilian Roswell.
34. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret, pp. 373–4.
35. Letter to the author, 24 October 1999.
36. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 364, p. 3; no. 365, p. 8.
37. Birdsall, op. cit., p. 57.
38. Ibid., p. 58.
39. Letter to the author, 8 June 1999.
40. Pacaccini, op. cit., p. 13.
41. Birdsall, op. cit., p. 58.
42. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, pp. 8–10.
43. Ibid., p. 10.
44. Letter to the author, 8 January 2000.
45. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, pp. 12–13.
46. Ibid., p. 13.
47. The Brazilian Roswell.
48. Wysmierski, op. cit., pp. 11–12.
49. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 364, p. 6.
50. Wysmierski, op. cit., p. 11.
51. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 13.
52. Birdsall, op. cit., p. 58.
53. Pratt and Luce, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 365, p. 13.


======================================================================
Chapter 15. A Predatory Threat

The  National  Institute  of  Discovery  Science  (NIDS),  a  Las  Vegas-based
organization founded by real-estate businessman Robert Bigelow, employs a
staff of multi-disciplinary scientists who, since 1995, have been conducting
scientific  research  into  unconventional  areas,  including  unidentified  aerial
craft  and  animal  mutilations,  phenomena  which  frequently  appear  to  be
linked. One such case is the unexplained death of a cow in north-east Utah
late in 1998.

At 16.00 on 16 October 1998 the owner (who requested anonymity) of a
property located in the Uinta Basin called the Institute to report that his best
cow,  an  expensive  three-year-old  Hereford,  was  lying  dead,  apparently
mutilated,  in  a  waterlogged  area  of  his  pasture  about  20  feet  from  a  paved
road  used  by  local  residents.  Nobody  reported  anything  unusual  in  the
previous  or  subsequent  days.  The  owner  had  seen  the  pregnant  animal  in
perfect  health  the  previous  day.  Immediately,  two  investigators  from  the
Institute were dispatched to the scene. They arrived as it was beginning to get
dark, less than two hours after receiving the initial call. The Institute’s official
report, by Drs Colm Kelleher, George Onet and Eric Davis, kindly provided
to me by Dr Kelleher, is cited throughout this summary. It states:

. . . the animal was lying on its front (sternal recumbency) with front legs tucked in under and rear legs
splayed behind. Within feet of the head and sides of the animal the ground was waterlogged. There
were no signs of a struggle and no visible tracks . . . the animal was lying in a north-south axis with its
head pointing north. This north-south pattern conformed to all 16 cases of mutilations that one of the
investigators  had  investigated  in  the  previous  several  years  in  the  Uinta  Basin.  The  meaning  of  this
non-random placement of mutilated animals in the Uinta Basin is unknown . . .

The cow’s left ear had been cut off and its left eye was missing, together with
a half-inch diameter piece of tissue around the top of the eye. An unusual,
bluish-coloured,  gelatinous  substance  was  observed  around  the  eye  of  the
animal, as well as on its anus and vagina area, and a small amount on its ear.
One of the investigators took some of the bluish gel from the anus area and

put it into a test tube and, within an hour, placed the tube in a freezer (–10
degrees C). ‘He also took a sample of the bluish gel from the eye together
with a tissue sample. Finally, he removed a part of the ear which contained
the cuts for subsequent histological analysis.’1 (Histology is the study of the
minute structure of tissues.)

On 17 October a local veterinarian, Dr Blaine L. Whiting, was contracted

by the Institute to conduct a necropsy. His report follows:

SPECIES: BOVINE
BREED: HEREFORD
DATE: OCTOBER 17, 1998
11:00 AM NECROPSY ON COW FOUND DEAD YESTERDAY ABOUT
3:00 PM. COW WAS IN STERNAL RECUMBENCY WITH REAR LEGS
STRADDLED OUT. TIP OF LEFT EAR REPORTEDLY WAS CUT OFF
AND  THE  INVESTIGATOR  HAD  REMOVED  END  OF  EAR  LAST
NIGHT.  THE  LEFT  EYE  WAS  MISSING  WITH  ABOUT  2–3  CM  OF
ENTIRE UPPER EYELID. NO SIGNS OF STRUGGLE IN WET GROUND
COW  WAS  IN.  APPEARED  TO  HAVE  DIED  INSTANTLY  AT  THAT
LOCATION.  SUBCUTANEOUS  HEMORRHAGES  WERE  FOUND  IN
NECK  AND  INGUINAL  AREAS,  EXTENDING  DOWN  LEGS  WITH
ASSOCIATED  EMPHYSEMA.  ABDOMEN  WAS  OPENED  AND
STOMACH  WAS  NOT  VERY  DISTENDED  WITH  GAS,  ALTHOUGH
FULL  OF  NORMAL  FEED  CONTENTS.  SMALL  INTESTINES  WERE
SEVERELY DISTENDED WITH GAS. ALSO FOUND A BLOOD CLOT
AMONG SMALL INTESTINES ABOUT 4 CM DIAMETER AND ABOUT
40 CM LONG. INTESTINES WERE VERY FRIABLE AND TORE WITH
SLIGHTEST  TENSION  ON  THEM.  SPLEEN  WAS  DARK  AND
SOMEWHAT  HEMORRHAGIC.  LIVER  WAS  VERY  FRIABLE.
VENTRAL  DIAPHRAGM  WAS  ALSO  HEMORRHAGIC.  THORACIC
CAVITY  SHOWED  GREENISH/BLUE  TINGE  COLOR  ON  SEROSAL
SURFACE AS DID SURFACE OF THE SKIN AT CUT EDGES AS WELL
AS LIPS OF VULVA AND RECTUM. LUNGS SHOWED EVIDENCE OF
EMPHYSEMA AND PALER THAN NORMAL. HEART WAS EMPTY OF
BLOOD  AND  VERY  FRIABLE.  WHEN  TOUCHED  HEART,  IT  FELL
APART  AND  WAS  ALMOST  UNIDENTIFIABLE  AS  CARDIAC
TISSUE.  SOME  BLOOD  WAS  COLLECTED  FROM  BRACHIAL

ARTERY,  AND  SOME  THAT  POOLED  ON  THE  SKIN  FROM  THE
SUBCUTANEOUS  HEMORRHAGE  IN  THE  NECK.  SAMPLES  WERE
ALSO TAKEN FROM THE CUT EDGES OF THE SKIN NEAR THE EYE,
LIVER,  SPLEEN,  LUNGS  AND  HEART.  THE  HIGH  TEMPERATURE
YESTERDAY WAS ABOUT 45 DEGREES AND ABOUT 50 DEGREES
TODAY.  THE  AMOUNT  OF  DECOMPOSITION  SEEMED  MORE
ADVANCED THAN EXPECTED WITH THE CLIMATIC CONDITIONS,
ALTHOUGH OTHER TISSUES SUCH AS STOMACH AND SKELETAL
MUSCLES  SHOWED  DECOMPOSITION  ABOUT  AS  EXPECTED.  NO
DEFINITIVE  CAUSE  OF  DEATH  WAS  DETERMINED  BASED  ON
RESULTS OF GROSS NECROPSY.

UTERUS WAS ENLARGED ABOUT 10–12 CM. ON PALPATION NO
EMBRYO  OR  FETUS  WAS  PALPATED  IN  UTERUS.  THERE  WAS
ALSO NO FLUID EVIDENT IN UTERUS. UTERUS WAS COLLAPSED
AND FLACCID. I DIDN’T OPEN THE UTERUS SINCE THERE WAS NO
FETUS PRESENT.

PER  THE  OTHER  VETERINARIAN’S  REQUEST.  ADDENDUM  ON
NECROPSY  PERFORMED  10–17–98.  THE  SKIN  SHOWED  A
GREENISH-BLUE TINT ON ALL CUT EDGES, I.E. AROUND THE EYE
AS  WELL  AS  NECROPSY  INCISIONS.  ALSO  SHOWED  THE  SAME
DISCOLORATION  IN  THE  VULVA/RECTUM  AREA.  WHEN  THE
THORAX  WAS  EXAMINED,  THE  SAME  TINT  WAS  FOUND  IN  A
SPOT ABOUT 6 CM BY 10 CM ON THE SEROSAL SURFACE OF THE
RIBS  ON  LEFT  DORSAL  THORAX.  THIS  AREA  WAS  THE  ONLY
PLACE THE COLOR WAS OBSERVED INTERNALLY . . . AS I LIFTED
THE  HEART  FROM  THE  THORAX  MY  THUMB  PENETRATED  THE
MUSCULATURE.  AS  I  COLLECTED  THE  TISSUE  SAMPLES,  THE
CARDIAC  TISSUE  DETERIORATED  TO  THE  POINT  WHERE  THE
CONSISTENCY WAS SIMILAR TO PUDDING. IT SEEMED AS IF THE
FASCIA COVERING THE CARDIAC MUSCLE WAS ALL THAT WAS
HOLDING THE TISSUE TOGETHER, I.E. THE MUSCLE FIBERS HAD
LOST  THEIR  INTERNAL  STRUCTURE.  THE  SKELETAL  MUSCLES
ON THE OTHER HAND SHOWED NONE OF THIS DETERIORATION
UPON MANIPULATION.2

THE CUTS

The  cut  around  the  eye  (here)  appeared  to  have  been  made  with  a  sharp
instrument, as confirmed by a veterinary pathologist from Purdue University
and  by  the  Institute  veterinarian,  using  a  Wesco  dissecting  microscope
equipped with an Olympus digital camera.

The photographs indicate that under low microscopic power, the hair around the eye appears to have
been cut, rather than torn by a scavenger’s teeth. It was further established histologically that there was
no high heat or cautery used in making the cuts, according to veterinary pathologists from Purdue State
University  and  Colorado  State  University.  These  two  opinions  were  confirmed  by  the  NIDS  staff
veterinarian. In summary it was established by three independent experts that the cuts were made with a
sharp instrument and not by a predator/scavenger . . .3

Regarding the cut found on the cow’s ear, veterinarians agreed that the ear
had been removed with a non-surgically sharp instrument, i.e. not a scalpel,
but  not  by  a  scavenger  or  predator.  ‘However,’  the  report  stresses,  ‘in
comparing sharpness of instruments, a caveat needs to be inserted. It is not
appropriate to compare a “sharp instrument” used on a freshly dead animal
with  a  sharp  instrument  used  on  tissue  that  has  been  soaked  in  formalin.
Formalin  makes  the  tissue  much  easier  to  cut  and  therefore  these  cuts  will
look sharper, with clearer edges, than a cut with the same instrument made in
the field before the sample is put into formalin.’4

Typically, official explanations for animal mutilations, such as the one put
forward  by  the  FBI  following  their  investigations  in  the  late  1970s,  blame
predators or scavengers,5 although many ranchers disagree. ‘We don’t know
who’s  doing  it  or  why  they’re  doing  it,’  said  John  Wortman,  executive
director of the New Mexico Livestock Board, in 1994, ‘but we know for sure
it’s not predators.’6

In 1997 I visited Les Roberts, manager of the 2300-acre Double D ranch,
near  Taos,  New  Mexico,  where,  arguably,  a  majority  of  animal  mutilation
cases are reported, particularly in north-central New Mexico, which includes
Taos. He concedes that conventional explanations apply in some cases. ‘Our
trouble here is usually dogs,’ he explained. ‘Though they deny it, the Game
Department  has  introduced  wolves  to  this  country  from  Mexico.  There  are
people in Taos who raise half wolf and half German Shepherd dogs. These
run in packs and chase our cattle, then usually rip the back of the cow’s leg
muscle  and  sometimes  kill  for  entertainment;  they  don’t  eat  them.  As  for
coyotes,  I  don’t  worry  about  them  so  much,  though  they  will  injure  cattle
occasionally.  I’ve  raised  animals  all  my  life:  as  far  as  predators  are
concerned, I rule that out.’

‘So what about the genuine mutilations?’ I asked.
‘All the vets can tell you, they have no answers. Last year I lost a cow. I’ve
no idea what happened. She was pregnant . . .’7

PREGNANCY TESTS
In the Utah case an enlarged uterus, which can mean pregnancy, was found
by  the  veterinarian  who  performed  the  necropsy.  Two  different  blood  tests
confirmed that the animal was pregnant very close to the time of death, as the
report reveals:

The blood progesterone levels were high, but by themselves were not conclusive of pregnancy, since
progesterone levels are known to cycle during estrus. Therefore, a second confirmatory blood test was
ordered – Pregnancy Specific Protein B (PSPB). The blood PSPB test was also positive. Since PSPB is
only made by the placenta, which itself is only present during pregnancy, the combination of the two
tests  shows  that  the  animal  was  pregnant  at  or  close  to  the  time  of  death.  Yet,  there  was  no  fetus
present.  The  half  life  (clearance  from  blood)  of  progesterone  following  spontaneous  abortion  is
relatively rapid (approx. 24 hours). This indicates that if the animal did spontaneously abort, it did so
very close to the time of death. The NIDS investigators examined the rear of the animal for traces of
bodily fluids that might indicate a recent abortion (according to the owner, the animal should have been
approx.  90  days  pregnant)  but  found  no  traces  of  blood/bodily  fluids  that  might  indicate  this.  An
ectopic pregnancy was ruled out since (a) the veterinarian did not find any sign of enlarged fallopian
tubes and (b) the enlarged uterus indicated a quasi-normal pregnancy. As the necropsy report indicated,
the  veterinarian  was  sure  there  was  no  fetus  present  .  .  .  Another  possibility  is  that  the  fetus  was
removed by unknown means at or close to the time of death.8

THE HEART
According to the necropsy report, the cow’s heart was ‘almost unidentifiable
as cardiac tissue’: the Institute investigator remarked that ‘it looked like it had
been  blown  apart’.  Two  veterinarian  diagnostic  laboratories  stated  that  the
heart  was  so  badly  decomposed  that  it  was  beyond  obtaining  useful
information. Nonetheless, unusual discoveries were made.

One  diagnostic  laboratory  reported  large  numbers  of  bacterial  organisms  throughout  the  tissue.
Numerous large round spaces indicative of gas accumulation were present. Sarcosporidia parasites and
cysts were also present in expected numbers. Examination by the NIDS veterinarian pathologist under
the  microscope  at  various  magnifications  (10×  –  60×)  revealed  multiple  white-yellowish  amorphic
structures in the heart muscles. These structures appeared unevenly sized and irregularly shaped. Cysts
usually  appear  regularly  shaped  and  sized  and  do  not  have  amorphic  structure.  Rather,  they  usually
appear translucent. In the opinion of the NIDS veterinarian, there is little probability that the structures
found in the dead animal’s heart were calcified parasitic cysts. If they were, they still should have been
uniformly shaped and sized. One of the diagnostic labs also reported that the structures were possibly
bacterial conglomerations.

As stated before, the heart contained multiple bacteria and gas pockets. In the opinion of the NIDS
veterinarian, neither of these findings explain the extreme friability [crumbling] of the heart. Based on
the  available  laboratory  findings  it  is  difficult  to  explain  the  profound  myocardial  changes  which
resulted in the severe damage described by the investigators when they first opened the animal.9

BLOOD ANALYSIS
The report notes that the original intention was to obtain as much blood as
possible from the heart of the animal, but because the heart was shredded and
fell apart when the syringe needle was inserted into the tissue, blood samples
were  taken  from  the  nearby  artery  and  from  the  abdominal  cavity.  Both
samples  were  hemolyzed.  ‘Hemolysis  is  usually  caused  by  either  too  little
salt or too much salt in the red cell’s environment,’ Dr Kelleher explained to
me. ‘It is not unusual for blood from a dead animal to be hemolyzed since
upon death the finely balanced ratios of salt inside and outside the cells are
disrupted.’ The report continues:

The blood from the abdominal cavity showed 10 times the expected potassium (K) levels (50 versus 4–
5 milliequiv/liter). Although a large increase in K is not unexpected in a post-mortem sample since the
intracellular stores of K are released back across the concentration gradient into the extracellular space
after death, it was decided to test the ratios of Na (sodium), K and Cl (chloride) in the animal’s arterial
blood.  NIDS  is  cognizant  of  the  difficulty  in  examining  and  interpreting  post-mortem  ion  levels.
Arterial blood from the dead cow was added to an inert matrix and a SEM/EDX [Scanning Electron
Microscopy/Electron Dispersive X-ray analysis] was run on both the matrix and the matrix plus blood.
[There  was]  a  large  increase  in  the  K  (potassium)  and  Cl  (chlorine)  levels  in  the  blood  when
compared to Na (sodium), the other dominant electrolyte in the plasma. It may be inferred from this
analysis that there was a higher than usual concentration of potassium and chloride in the arterial blood
of the animal; the ratios were much more marked than those in the abdominal blood. This discrepancy
leads to the possibility that potassium chloride might have been used to kill the animal. Further tests are
underway  to  test  this  hypothesis.  It  is  noteworthy  that  potassium  chloride  is  a  favored  method  for
killing since (a) it is relatively easy to obtain, (b) its presence is extremely difficult to detect in post-
mortem samples, and (c) it kills the animal rapidly – if sufficient KCl is injected into a vein, the animal
dies in seconds.10

TOXICOLOGY
A summary of the NIDS toxicology report states that

The  animal  was  negative  for  heavy  metals  and  all  standard  toxicology  assays  were  negative.  Liver
copper was extremely low (4.8 ppm) and liver Vitamin A was low (3.18 μg/g versus normal Vitamin A
liver levels of 30–80 μg/g). Without delineating liver Vitamin A levels from other dead livestock we
cannot determine if this finding is significant. For example in another previous animal mutilation that
we investigated, the animal had a large excess of liver Vitamin A. Such an extremely low liver copper
value  can  be  considered  unusual  since  according  to  the  veterinarian,  the  owner  and  both  NIDS
investigators,  the  animal  looked  in  excellent  nutritional  condition.  An  extremely  copper  deficient
animal would be expected to suffer pronounced weight loss [and] have a rough patchy coat. The dead
animal did not display any of these symptoms. The Uinta Basin area is not noted for high molybdenum
(Mo)  levels,  which  is  a  common  cause  of  dietary  copper  deficiency.  Indeed  the  animal’s  tissue  Mo
levels  were  normal.  It  is  well  known  that  an  animal’s  liver  copper  reserves  need  to  be  extremely
depleted before the blood copper levels begin to be affected. The extremely low liver level of 4.8 ppm
in the dead animal should have been reflected in the abnormally low blood levels in the animal and in
other  animals  in  the  pasture  if  the  deficiency  was  caused  by  dietary  imbalances.  The  SEM/EDX
analysis of the arterial blood . . . did not show any copper level in the animal’s blood. Two random
blood  samples  were  taken  from  other  animals  in  the  same  herd  to  determine  if  the  entire  herd  was
suffering  from  copper  or  other  mineral  deficiency.  An  ICP  scan  of  all  minerals  showed  that  neither
animal was mineral deficient . . . Finally, we have previously found low liver copper levels (5–6 ppm)
in another mutilated animal from a different area. The significance, if any, of low liver copper levels in
these animals, remains to be seen.11

THE BLUE GEL
In the experience of both veterinarians, the blue gel-like substance found on
the animal’s eye socket, anus, vagina and ear appeared to be unusual and had
no  precedence  of  being  found  on  a  dead  animal  in  the  Uinta  Basin.
Accordingly, a multilevel analysis was conducted, including SEM/EDX, Gas
Chromatography  Mass  Spectrometry 
Infrared
spectroscopy,  Formaldehyde 
Inductive  Coupled  Plasma  Mass
Spectrometry (ICPMS), Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry (LCMS)
Electrospray  analysis,  and  Head-space  Gas  Chromatography  Mass
Spectrometry (GCMS).12

(GCMS), 

Analytical conclusions from those tests are summarized as follows:

analysis 
test, 

The sample can be characterized as a complex mixture of organic substances of biological origin and an
aqueous  solution  containing  formaldehyde.  Since  there  is  no  biological  process  that  produces
formaldehyde  and  it  is  not  a  common  environmental  contaminant,  the  source  of  formaldehyde  is
unknown . . .13 Because of the low levels of formaldehyde present in the blue gel-like substance and
under advice from the NIDS science advisory board, it was decided to investigate whether the blue gel
was  comparable  to  any  known  embalming  gels  currently  in  use  in  the  United  States  .  .  .  It  was
determined that only three blue embalming gels made by different companies existed on the market in
the United States [and] it was found that no mortuaries in either Vernal or Roosevelt, Utah, admitted to
using blue embalming gels. In order to compare the blue gel found on the dead animal with the three
available blue embalming gels [another] analysis was conducted . . . The conclusion from this part of
the work was that the blue gel-like substance found on the cow in Utah did not conform to any of the
blue embalming gels currently in use in mortuaries in the United States . . . It was determined that the
gel-like substance was a complex mixture containing decomposed biological tissue (it had been scraped
from  the  cow’s  anal  region)  as  well  as  formaldehyde  and  significant  levels  of  a  synthetic  phenol
containing compound (2, 6-bis-dimethylethyl-4-methyl phenol).14

GENERAL CONCLUSIONS
‘The totality of the evidence that is described in this report,’ concludes the
National Institute of Discovery Science, ‘suggests that this animal did not die
a natural death. In addition, the blue gel-like substance was probably added to
the  animal  shortly  prior  to,  during  or  shortly  after  the  time  of  death,  and
before the arrival of the rancher . . .’

The animal mutilation field has been plagued by a severe lack of reproducible results. It is the opinion
of  the  NIDS  scientific  staff  that  investigation  of  animal  mutilations  is  tantamount  to  being  useless
unless a full necropsy is performed . . . After about 48 hours, post-mortem in the summer (or 96–120
hours in the winter or at high altitudes), the value of in-depth investigation becomes progressively and
rapidly diminished. Hence, claims of ‘surgery’ involving ‘high heat’ or ‘laser surgery’ being found on
animals found several days after death are dubious at best. Even the highest quality forensic analysis
cannot interpret severely decomposed tissue.15

Dr John Altshuler, a haematologist and pathologist, was the first to conduct a
post-mortem of a mutilated animal, the horse Lady, on a ranch in Alamosa,
Colorado, in 1967. Since then, he has analysed hundreds of tissue samples,
some of which he has given me, together with control samples, taken from
mutilated animals. His conclusion is that high heat has been used to cut the
animals.  In  effect,  the  Institute  disputes  his  findings,  so  I  asked  him  for  a
comment. He stated as follows:

The authors of the NIDS report failed to read and examine the photomicrographs published in Linda
Moulton Howe’s book, An Alien Harvest.16 In that book, I showed photomicrographs of skin that had
pallisading of nuclei and the string-bean effect which only may be caused by high heat. Decomposition
of tissue cannot cause or change this microscopic finding. I am enclosing a copy of a photograph from
the text of Histologic Diagnosis of Inflammatory Skin Diseases by A. Bernard Ackerman, MD. If one
compares  the  photomicrographs  from  Howe’s  book  and  the  text,  the  findings  will  be  seen  to  be
identical.  Please  note  that  the  legend  in  the  text  [of  Ackerman’s  work]  states,  ‘Blister  secondary  to
electro-dessication  .  .  .’  Any  physician  knows  that  electrodessication  is  high  heat.  The  data  are
irrefutable.17

I  asked  Dr  Kelleher  if  there  was  any  evidence  that  the  cow  had  been
‘dropped’.  ‘The  rancher  insisted  that  the  animal  had  been  dropped,’  he
replied. ‘He said there was an impact crater under the animal. Neither of our
two  investigators  were  convinced.  The  animal  was  found  in  soft,  very  wet
ground and was heavy. Our investigators ascribed whatever crater was under
the animal to these features, not to being dropped.’18

MILITARY INVOLVEMENT

On  many  occasions  helicopters  have  been  observed  in  the  areas  where
livestock  mutilations  occur,  typically  before  or  after,  but  apparently  never
during, the event. For two years, starting in August 1991, Ted Oliphant III, a
documentary  reporter,  former  patrolman  and  criminal  investigator  with  the
police  department  of  Fyffe,  Alabama,  assisted  in  investigating  35  cases  of
cattle mutilation in northern Alabama, a state which has seen large numbers
of mutilations. ‘Among those law enforcement agents who have thoroughly
investigated these bovine excision sites, there is a consensus that some kind
of  medical  testing  is  going  on,’  says  Oliphant.  ‘The  additional  presence  of
helicopters  on  scene,  before  and  after  cattle  are  found  dead  and  missing
specific  organs,  leads  both  victimized  farmers  and  investigating  officers  to
conclude that there is a connection.’

On 9 January 1993 Chief Detective Tommy Cole of the Albertville police
department lost a Black Angus steer to mutilators. The previous day his wife
had  seen  an  ‘unmarked’  helicopter  over  their  pasture.  (Military  helicopters
are often painted very dark, with subdued, low-contrast markings, impossible
to  see  unless  one  is  close.)  A  Federal  Aviation  Administration  investigator
was called in by Cole to investigate this and other helicopter sightings, and
Cole took him for a ride in his police car, reports Oliphant.

The FAA investigator was skeptical until an unmarked helicopter flew near them. [He] couldn’t believe
his  own  eyes  and  pulled  out  a  hand-held  radio  and  hailed  the  helicopter.  The  helicopter  pilot  didn’t
respond and ignored demands that he identify himself. This infuriated the FAA investigator, who had
now reversed his skepticism. He was able to trace the helicopter to Maxwell Air Force Base in southern
Alabama. When he launched an inquiry at the base, he was immediately told to drop it and never talk
about it again.

A week later the FAA investigator called Cole to tell him that while out on
nearby  Lake  Guntersville  in  a  boat,  he  and  his  family  had  seen  a  large,
triangular-shaped craft manoeuvring above them.

Through a confidential source, identified as ‘Phil’, Oliphant claims to have
been  given  inside  information  about  military  involvement  in  the  cattle
mutilations.  There  is  a  connection,  Phil  learned,  with  Bovine  Spongiform
Encephalopathy (BSE), or ‘Mad Cow Disease’, and the related Creutzfeldt-
Jakob  Disease  (CJD),  which  affects  humans.  ‘It  was  Phil’s  idea  that  I
research Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathies and their connection to
the investigations I carried out as a police officer in 1992 and 1993,’ writes
Oliphant.

When I checked out his statements, I found they fit in with several leftover pieces from the official
investigations  carried  out  by  the  Alabama  State  Troopers,  the  Albertville  Police  Department  and
myself.

In 1993, Phil told me that some of the helicopters we were seeing were equipped with thermographic
infrared scanners [which] allow pilots to see in the dark and fog. Every living or moving thing produces
a heat signature . . . When a cow is in trouble, sick or dying, the first thing it experiences is peripheral
circulatory  shutdown.  This  causes  an  immediate  temperature  reduction  of  the  animal’s  outside  skin.
When a helicopter flies low and slow over area pastures and has the infrared scanner operating, it will
notice a cow with a lower thermographic reading than the others in the herd. Find the cold cow, and
you’ve identified a cow in trouble . . .

Phil claimed that, in addition to a public- and a private-funded group studying
Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathies, there was a government group
funded by the ‘black budget’. This group supposedly is behind most of the
animal  mutilations.  ‘I  don’t  pretend  to  explain  every  bovine  excision  case
that’s occurred across the country,’ says Ted Oliphant. ‘I can only speak of
those cases where I was directly involved in on-site investigations, working
as  a  police  officer.  In  90%  of  the  cases  we  investigated,  helicopters  were
reported  seen  over  the  affected  pastures  the  day  before  or  after  suspicious
livestock  deaths  occurred.  Because  of  the  foreign  substances  found  at  the
scene  and  in  the  bloodstreams  of  the  animals,  we  (farmers  and  cops  alike)
suspected  at  the  time  that  there  was  some  kind  of  medical  testing  being
performed.’19

That military (and sometimes apparently civilian) helicopters often appear
at  the  sites  of  livestock  mutilations  is  beyond  contention.  Clandestine
investigations into BSE and CJD is a possibility, as is sampling of livestock
tissue  to  test  for  levels  of  nuclear  contamination.  David  Perkins,  who  has
been researching the phenomenon for 25 years, discovered a high correlation
between  where  the  cows  were  being  mutilated  and  the  proximity  of  those
mutilations  to  nuclear  waste  or  reactor  sites,  for  instance,  but  he  is  not
persuaded that all the mutilations can be explained this way.20 As Oliphant
and  others  point  out,  helicopters  are  seen  only  before,  or  after,  but  never
during  the  mutilations.  How  could  personnel  perform  the  rapid  draining  of
the  animal’s  blood  (exsanguination),  immaculate  excisions  and  removal  of
organs without leaving some trace? Furthermore, if the military is targeting
sick cows, why are most of those mutilated found in previous good health?

Assuming, as I do, that aliens are responsible for genuine mutilations, what
role is played by the helicopters? ‘Jim Evans’, a former US Air Force security
officer  whose  ranch,  close  to  a  US  Air  Force  base  in  Colorado,  had  been
plagued  by  livestock  mutilations  in  the  mid-1970s,  believes  he  has  the
answer.  ‘I  figured  out  early  in  the  game’,  he  said,  ‘that  the  government  is
sending  in  helicopters  in  large  numbers  from  several  sources,  but  they  are
doing it to cover what is really happening.’21

ASSOCIATED PHENOMENA
At about 17.30 on 13 September 1994, during a wave of livestock mutilations
in New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada, Larry Gardea was checking a herd of
cattle belonging to Estevan Sanchez, in Luna Canyon, near Las Vegas, northeast
 New Mexico, when he heard a loud, dull hum, ‘like a transformer, or the
sound an arc welder makes’. The cows began running away from the noise,
but  Gardea  noticed  that  three  appeared  to  be  pulled  by  an  invisible  ‘beam’
towards  the  sound.  ‘They  were  struggling  and  bawling  and  were  pulled
through the trees,’ said Gardea. ‘I shot at the beam with a 30.06 rifle and the
hum stopped and the cows stopped bawling.’

One  cow  was  found  dead  and  mutilated,  another  injured  and  another
missing.  Frightened,  Gardea  returned  to  the  ranch  house  and  reported  the
incident to the sheriff’s department. Greg Laumbach, Mora County Sheriff’s
Deputy,  accompanied  Gardea  to  the  area  where  the  incident  occurred  and
examined the dead cow. Its jaw appeared to be skinned on the right side, and
its  tongue,  anus  and  reproductive  organs  had  been  removed.  ‘The  wounds
looked like they were done with a really sharp instrument,’ said Laumbach.
‘There was no blood or anything [and] they weren’t jagged.’ There were no
tracks  around  the  animal  or  any  sign  that  the  animal  had  been  dragged
anywhere.22 And no helicopters either.

Canada  has  seen  large  numbers  of  livestock  mutilations,  particularly  in
Alberta and Saskatchewan. Fernand Belzil, a farmer from St Paul, Alberta,
has  investigated  dozens  of  cases.  Like  most  investigators,  he  rules  out
predation  as  a  cause,  not  only  because  of  the  type  of  excisions  but  also
because predators (and scavengers, I may add) typically will not eat mutilated
carcasses; perhaps, he surmises, owing to the high levels of radon (a naturally
occurring radioactive gas) found in the soil around the mutilated animals.

There is another curious aspect to the phenomenon. ‘Often,’ reports Belzil,
‘whoever does this will come back and cut up the same animal two or three
times.’ In September 1995 a farmer in northern Saskatchewan called Belzil to
report  a  dead  cow  500  yards  from  his  house.  Although  the  animal  had  not
been  mutilated,  the  farmer  suspected  that  it  soon  would  be.  Belzil  and  an
assistant installed a light on top of a pole and an outdoor video camera that
fed  a  wireless  signal  to  a  video  camera  recorder,  loaded  with  a  ten-hour
videotape,  in  the  farmhouse.  After  watching  the  monitor  for  a  few  hours,
Belzil and his colleague headed home. Over the ensuing few days the camera
worked  perfectly,  with  the  exception  of  two  night-time  incidents  when,
inexplicably, the screen ‘whited out’ for about 12 minutes at a time. On both
occasions the cow was mutilated; the cow’s tongue and half her face sliced
away the first time, her anus excised the second time. ‘Everything would be
going along fine and – bang!’ Belzil explained. ‘The tape would be totally
overexposed. There were no fluctuations; it was like someone was shining a
1000-watt light into the camera. I slowed the tape right down and the change
[in the light] is still instant, bang! It’s unexplainable . . .’23

ALIEN INVOLVEMENT
‘Jim  Evans’,  mentioned  earlier,  is  adamant  that  aliens  were  responsible  for
the livestock mutilations on his ranch. ‘They are being lifted into the air, they
are  being  drained  of  blood,  they  are  being  mutilated,  and  they  are  being
lowered,’ he declared.24 They are not always lowered. David Perkins reports
that, judging from bone fractures, some cattle appear to have been dropped
from as high as 1000 feet.25

In  Alien  Base  I  reveal  an  extraordinary  mutilation  case  that  occurred  in
Puerto Rico, the initial stages of which were witnessed by a security guard
and former police officer, ‘Piedro Viera’, who recounted to Jorge Martín and
me that while driving in the small hours of 12 January 1997 he had seen a
large circular object coming from the direction of the El Yunque Rain Forest,
then hovering above some cows in a pasture. A blue-green conical beam of
light came down from the craft and engulfed two of the cows, one of which
was ‘levitated’ towards the craft. ‘The cow vanished suddenly when it was
about five feet from the underside,’ Viera told us. ‘Then the craft began to
move away slowly.’ Viera was about to follow the disc in his truck when a
black 4 × 4 pickup came along and two men, dressed in black ‘military-style’
clothes (more commonly worn by law enforcement personnel), ordered him
to  stay  where  he  was  for  at  least  ten  minutes.  The  men  returned  to  their
pickup and followed the craft. After 15 minutes Viera set off. He soon came
across  a  cow  lying  on  the  side  of  the  road,  identical  to  the  one  levitated
aboard the craft. ‘It had apparently been dropped from above,’ he explained,
‘because  two  of  its  legs  were  badly  broken.’  The  cow  had  also  been
mutilated.26  If  Viera  is  correct  in  his  assumption  that  the  two  men  were
American federal agents, it suggests, at least, that they were monitoring the
situation.

THE ABDUCTION OF ELK
Another case involving a witnessed animal abduction occurred in 1999, in the
Mount St Helens area of Washington State. This time, however, the incident
was reported by three witnesses, in broad daylight. The case was investigated
by Peter Davenport (Director, National UFO Reporting Center), and Robert
Fairfax,  Ruben  Uriarte  and  Kathleen  Anderson  (all  of  the  Mutual  UFO
Network).

On  25  February  1999,  shortly  before  noon,  fourteen  Hispanic  forestry
workers were heading for their crew vehicle for the lunch break. ‘Francisco
and Augustine were nearly at the turnout (1900 ft elevation), Manuel and two
others  were  walking  up  the  slope  (about  1600  ft  elevation)  from  an  old
overgrown  access  road,  while  the  rest  of  the  crew  was  scattered,  most
midway  between  the  two  groups  on  the  north-facing  hillside,’  begins  the
MUFON incident report. Stopping to rest, Francisco watched a herd of elk on
a  nearby  slope  to  the  north-east.  Suddenly,  from  the  north-east,  came  an
unusual, moving object.

The  UFO,  presumably,  had  already  dropped  some  70  feet  down  the  height  of  the  Douglas  fir  trees
bordering  the  dirt  road  and  was  now  drifting  over  a  hilltop.  Skimming  .  .  .  at  brush  top  level  and
hugging the contour of the hill, the UFO appeared to be heading slowly toward the herd of elk. The
object’s  initial  location  was  approximately  800  yards  distant  and  200  feet  lower  in  elevation  than
Francisco’s location.

Initially, Francisco took the object for a bi-coloured paraglider drifting in for
a landing: it had a red patch on the right half and a white one on the left. It
moved with a strange, slow wobble. Hugging the ground, the object advanced
towards the herd of elk, which bolted. ‘Most tried running up the slope to the
east, but the going was slow. A lone elk separated from the herd and headed
north. The craft targeted the loner and moved in. Surprised and astounded,
Francisco shouted to Augustine, “Look at that!”’

The terrain, strewn with numerous small deciduous trees that had been cut
about 18 inches off the ground, their trunks lying all over the place, prevented
the animals from escaping quickly. Still wobbling, and moving no more than
an estimated seven mph, the craft easily overtook the lone elk.

Augustine had missed the pursuit but caught sight of the UFO as it took the elk. Down-slope, Manuel
(crew supervisor) also witnessed the capture – 500 yards distant. Nearly every other person’s attention
had been diverted toward the main group of fleeing animals.

The craft moved directly above the female elk and somehow lifted it into the air without any visible
means  of  support  .  .  .  At  this  point,  the  animal  ceased  discernible  movement  –  no  kicking  legs,  no
struggling body, and no indication of consciousness. The witnesses were amazed that the craft could lift
the 500-pound animal. The ‘wing span’ of the object measured not much longer than the length of the
elk . . . The captured elk, its head apparently against the ventral surface of the craft, and body standing
stiffly upright, was lifted off the ground – just enough to clear the underbrush. The craft continued its
slow, wobbling oscillation. The suspended elk moved likewise as if she were a solid metal sculpture
welded to the craft. After the craft acquired (without pause) the animal, it moved away at the same slow
pace, to the north, following the contour of the land. The elk’s feet were observed sweeping circles, in
conjunction with the craft’s movement, just above the brush and treetops.

Soon,  the  craft  approached  the  end  of  the  clear-cut  area,  apparently  hitting
some low branches.

After  hitting  the  branches,  the  witnesses  saw  it  dip  sharply  and  reverse  direction  before  ascending
vertically in front of the tree line. All three had the impression that the object had almost dropped the
animal. Once above the tree top level, it moved over the forest margin and continued northward, dipped
out of sight momentarily . . . then ascended at roughly a 45-degree angle into the distance until it was
obscured by clouds. Meanwhile, the rest of the herd had gathered into a tight huddle near the tree line, a
normal behavior when a predatory threat is perceived.

The craft was estimated to be seven to eight feet in span, five to six feet in
‘length’ and 14–18 inches in thickness. In general, the colour of the craft was
grey.  One  witness  thought  the  dull  red  and  reflective  white  patches  were
lights. All three witnesses indicated that the craft’s oscillations were ‘similar
to that of a spinning coin as it is winding down and closely approaching a flat
surface [and with] an oscillatory period of about 2 to 2.5 seconds’.27

There are other interesting parallels with this case. Piedro Viera also told
me  that,  like  the  elk,  the  cow  he  saw  suddenly  became  motionless  while
being  levitated.28  However,  whereas  Viera  later  encountered  the  mutilated
cow beside the road, there is no indication of what happened to the elk. Was
it mutilated, then left in the area, or taken away?

On 25 October 1974, Carl Higdon, a 40-year-old oil rigger, was hunting
elk in Medicine Bow National Forest, Wyoming, when he noticed a group of
five elk huddled together a few hundred feet away. Raising his Magnum rifle,
he aimed at one of the animals and squeezed the trigger. ‘Instead of hitting
one  of  the  elk,’  said  Higdon,  ‘the  bullet  left  my  rifle  very  slowly  [and]
dropped into the snow only 50 feet away.’ Amazed, he went to recover the
7mm  bullet.  (He  found  only  the  mangled  copper  jacket,  but  not  the  lead
bullet.)29 ‘Immediately, I sensed a peculiar tingle in the air, like you feel in an
electrical storm.’30 Suddenly, a tall, bow-legged humanoid, dressed in a black
jump-suit, appeared and (as in the Cahill case) ‘glided’ towards Higdon.

‘There  were  no  hands  at  the  ends  of  his  arms,  just  empty  sleeves,’  said
Higdon. ‘The right sleeve had a [pointed] bar coming out of it and every time
he waved the bar, something moved or disappeared. His face was Oriental – a
yellowish brown, with slanted eyes. He had no lower jaw. His hair was like
straw – about the same color. It looked like he had antennae on his head, but
it could have been his hair.’31

Higdon’s  conscious  recollections  became  vague  at  this  point.  He  found
himself ‘back’ on Earth, confused and hysterical. Eventually he located his
truck, three miles from where he had parked it. After summoning help via his
radio, he was rescued at 23.40, eight hours after his initial encounter, by a
sheriff’s  party.  Higdon’s  wife,  Margery,  later  joined  the  team.32  While
waiting two or three miles from the area where Higdon was located, Margery
and two others observed an odd flashing light, changing colours in a pulsing

The humanoid asked Higdon if he was hungry and, without waiting for a
reply, threw him a transparent envelope containing four pills, which he felt
compelled  to  take.  Next,  Higdon  suddenly  found  himself  inside  a  small,
transparent, cube-shaped contraption. ‘All I know’, said Higdon, ‘is that he
pointed his “arm” at me and before I knew what had hit me, we were inside
this strange contraption, with the five elk – all paralyzed and off in a separate
compartment.’

As  in  many  other  cases,  spacial  distortion  characterized  this  event,  for
though  only  seven  by  seven  feet  on  the  outside,  the  contraption  inside
contained  five  elk,  a  second  humanoid,  seats  and  control  panel.  It  was  as
though everything had been ‘shrunk’. Not only that. ‘My conception of time
was thrown off entirely,’ said Higdon. The humanoids placed a ‘helmet’ on
him  with  a  strap  under  the  chin  and  wires  sticking  out  and  said  they  were
going to their ‘home planet’.
pattern and moving in an arc.33

‘When I first saw Carl,’ said Margery, ‘he was obviously in a state of panic
and unable to say a word. Only after I asked him if he got any elk, did he
come  alive  and  start  looking  out  the  windshield  up  at  the  sky  [and]  began
shouting: “They took my elk! They took my elk! Where are the pills? The
lights – they hurt!”’ 34

Higdon  spent  two  days  undergoing  a  variety  of  tests  at  Carbon  County
Memorial  Hospital  in  Rawlins,  Wyoming.  In  addition  to  suffering  from
headache and backache, he could not endure exposure to bright light and his
eyes became bloodshot and watered profusely. No traces of drugs or alcohol
were found in his blood. Curiously, X-rays taken of his chest indicated a lack
of  scar  tissue  on  his  lungs,  which  had  been  there  before,  according  to  Dr
Tongca, the attending physician.35

Higdon’s  displaced  truck  brings  to  mind  Graham  Sheppard’s  displaced
aircraft  (Chapter  2)  and  another,  little-known  case,  also  from  Wyoming.  In
October  1973  rancher  Pat  McGuire  had  been  hunting  elk  in  snow  near
Jackson, then resting while a cloud or fog passed through the area. Suddenly
he  found  himself  in  another  location,  nine  miles  away  from  his  initial
position. During the 1970s McGuire reported that mutilations were common
on  his  ranch  in  Bosler,  Wyoming;  moreover,  he  and  other  witnesses
encountered  numerous  unknown  objects,  with  flashing  coloured  lights,
apparently under intelligent control, some estimated to be as large as 500 feet
long.36

A BREEDING PROGRAMME
Placed under hypnotic regression by Dr Leo Sprinkle, Associate Professor of
Psychology at the University of Wyoming, Higdon revealed that on arrival at
the  aliens’  ‘home  planet’,  following  his  transcendental  transportation,  he
encountered  other  human  abductees:  two  men  (aged  around  19  and  40–50)
and three girls (around 11, 14 and 18), although they did not communicate
with  him  and  appeared  expressionless.  After  being  scanned  by  a  device,
Higdon was told that he was ‘not what they needed’, which brings to mind
the  1974  case  involving  the  Australian,  ‘Ben’,  and  the  1983  case  of  the
British  abductee,  Alfred  Burtoo  (described  in  Alien  Base  and  Beyond  Top
Secret, respectively). Ben felt he was of no use to the aliens, while Higdon
attributed his rejection to the fact that he had had a vasectomy.37 Burtoo was
told simply that he was ‘too old and infirm’.

In the case of Ben, there are two other important parallels with Higdon’s
case.  Once  on  board  the  craft,  Ben  found  to  his  amazement  that  the  craft
appeared much larger inside than outside; furthermore, two young Caucasian
girls, aged around 8 or 9 and 12 or 13, were on board, motionless, appearing
to  be  ‘in  some  type  of  trance’.38  Ben’s  encounter,  which  took  place  in  the
same year as that of Higdon, was first published in 1998.

Assuming at least a modicum of truth to these accounts, it may be inferred
that a breeding programme is on the alien agenda. Higdon did not learn the
reason  for  the  presumed  hybridization  of  humans,  but  was  told  that,  to
supplement their diet of concentrated food, the aliens needed to breed Earth
animals and, because their seas were lacking in the requisite elements, they
also required our fish!39,40

MAMMALIAN MUTILATIONS
In  the  latter  context  it  should  be  mentioned  that,  apart  from  land  animals,
there have been a number of unexplained mutilations of marine mammals, for
example  those  reported  along  the  French  Mediterranean  coast  in  February
1998.  The  scale  of  deaths  was  described  by  one  official  as  ‘unprecedented
and stunning’. Twenty-two striped dolphins were washed up at the rate of one
a  day  on  the  beaches  of  Languedoc-Roussillon  between  Agde  and  the
Spanish  border.  Most  of  these  protected  mammals  were  found  with  gaping
wounds, some six inches in diameter, in the area of the throat or lower jaw.
Researchers  at  the  Mediterranean  Dolphin  Study  Group  stated  that  the
circular wounds found on more than 70 per cent of the dolphins were unlikely
to be man-made, inasmuch as they were ‘on the underside and not on the top
part of its body, which is clearly more accessible to man’.

Hypotheses  for  the  mystery  mutilations  included  aggression  by  a  ‘killer
dolphin’, accidents caused by trawler nets, a virus similar to one that killed
65 Mediterranean dolphins in 1995, and a claim that the dolphins had been
trained by the US Navy at one of its Mediterranean bases, had escaped and
were then killed by a ‘radio-controlled explosion of their signal collars so that
no one could find out their missions’. Although these hypotheses were ruled
out, it does not mean that aliens were responsible, particularly since there was
but one similarity with the mutilation of livestock – the precise excision of
jaw tissue. ‘All the wounds are located in almost exactly the same place,’ said

Guy  Olivet,  president  of  the  study  group.  ‘The  extreme  precision  suggests
that we can rule out accidental causes.’41

Although we have palpable evidence linking the mutilation of animals with
the  activity  of  alien  intelligences,  proof  remains  elusive.  However,  the
preponderance  of  evidence  suggests  that  some  species  on  Earth  do  indeed
face a predatory threat – from species of undetermined origin.

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Kelleher, Colm A., Ph.D.; Onet, George E., Ph.D. and Davis, Eric W., Ph.D., Investigation of the Unexplained Death of a Cow in N.E. Utah, October 16, 1998, The National Institute of Discovery Science, 1515 E. Tropicana, Suite 400, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119. Email: nids@anv.net. Web site: http://www.accessnv.com/nids, June 1999, pp. 1–3.
2. Ibid., pp. 23–4.
3. Ibid., p. 5.
4. Ibid., p. 6.
5. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison.
6. ‘N.M. cattle mutilations probed’, Denver Post, 4 September 1994.
7. Interview, Taos, New Mexico, 12 March 1997.
8. Kelleher, Onet and Davis, op. cit. pp. 5–6.
9. Ibid., pp. 6–8.
10. Ibid., pp. 8–9.
11. Ibid., pp. 9–10.
12. Ibid., p. 11.
13. Ibid., p. 14.
14. Ibid., p. 22.
15. Ibid., p. 22.
16. Howe, Linda Moulton, An Alien Harvest: Further Evidence Linking Animal Mutilations And Human Abductions To Alien Life Forms, Linda Moulton Howe Productions, PO Box 3130, Littleton, Colorado 80161, 1989.
17. Letter to the author, 20 October 1999.
18. Letter to the author, 12 August 1999.
19. UFOCUS, vol.2, no. 1,1997, pp. 7–11, ed. Dr Leo Sprinkle, The Institute for UFO Research, 1304 South College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, originally published in CNI News, ed. Michael Lindemann.
20. Carpenter, Rick, ‘Using “out of this world” research to try to solve mutilation mystery’, Signature, La Veta, Colorado, 10 November 1994.
21. Good, op. cit., pp. 52–4; Alien Base, p. 400.
22. Buchanan, Andrea L., ‘Bizarre cow mutilation in Luna Canyon’, Daily Optic, Las Vegas, New Mexico, 15 September 1994.
23. Sheremata, Davis, ‘Dead cows tell no tales’, British Columbia Report, Vancouver, 2 March 1998.
24. Good, op. cit., pp. 52–4; Alien Base, p. 400.
25. Carpenter, op. cit.
26. Good, Alien Base, p. 397.
27. Fairfax, Robert; Uriarte, Ruben; Davenport, Peter and Anderson, Kathleen, ‘Daylight abduction of elk updated’, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 375, July 1999, pp. 3–6. Copyright 1999 by the Mutual UFO Network.
28. Interview, 28 November 1997.
29. The APRO Bulletin, vol. 23, no. 5, March 1975, p. 3.
30. Bourke, Frank, ‘I was kidnapped by a UFO bubble’, National Star, Lafayette, Indiana, 22 March 1975.
31. Burt, Bill, ‘I was kidnapped by a UFO’, National Enquirer, 24 October 1978. (NB In the 1970s,unlike later, this newspaper’s coverage of UFO reports was generally accurate.)
32. Bourke, op. cit.
33. Sprinkle, Dr R. Leo, ‘Rawlins, Wyoming Case: The Investigation’, Skylook, MUFON, no. 85, December 1974, pp. 10–11.
34. Bourke, op. cit.
35. Weber, Scott T., ‘The Higdon Abduction’, Official UFO, vol. 1, no. 12, pp. 36, 53–4.
36. Lorenzen, Jim, Cattle Mutilations – The UFO Connection, Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) Symposium, San Diego, California, 16–18 November 1979.
37. Weber, op. cit.
38. Good, Alien Base, pp. 344–6.
39. The APRO Bulletin, March 1975, p. 3.
40. Sprinkle, op. cit.
41. Macintyre, Ben, ‘French baffled by mystery of dolphin deaths’, The Times, 25 February 1998.


=================================================================================
Chapter 16. Creatures Galore

The mutilation phenomenon is not restricted to large animals. Over the years,
probably  thousands  of  cases  involving  small  farm  animals,  sometimes
domestic pets, have been reported worldwide, particularly in Puerto Rico, the
so-called ‘Island of Enchantment’.

In the second week of January 1999 ten hens and four Canada geese were
killed  in  mysterious  circumstances  in  the  village  of  La  Laguna,  Guánica,
south-west Puerto Rico. Graham Sheppard and I happened to be staying in
the area shortly after these events occurred, so we were able to visit the site
and talk with witnesses. Dorina Garcia Lugo, whose family owned the hens,
told us that such incidents happened periodically. ‘It always happens in this
type of terrain, near to mountains, and it always attacks at night,’ she told us,
through  our  interpreter.  She  had  no  doubt  that  the  notorious  chupacabras
(‘goat-sucker’)  was  responsible  for  the  attacks.  ‘Every  time  it  kills  the
animals  it  usually  makes  a  whistling  sound,’  she  explained.  ‘It  happened
some  time  between  01.00  and  02.00  on  Tuesday,  and  the  hens  were  killed
inside a new cage we had just built. We don’t know how it got inside. It put
the  dead  hens  in  a  circle,  the  heads  facing  the  back  part  of  each  one.  The
injuries  were  on  the  back  of  the  neck.  There  was  no  blood  left.’  The
following  day,  neighbours  alerted  the  police,  who  spent  a  couple  of  hours
studying the cage. The mayor of Guánica also visited the site.1

The hens had been buried by the time we arrived, so we were unable to
examine them, but we did examine the remains of one of the geese which had
been  killed  the  same  night,  in  the  garden  of  a  neighbouring  house.
Unfortunately, the bird had decomposed to the extent that we were unable to
ascertain  anything.  ‘On  the  Sunday,  we  found  a  goose  with  holes  in  the
neck,’  the  owner,  who  asked  for  anonymity,  told  us.  ‘He  was  still  alive,
though  he  looked  unsteady.  Two  days  later  we  found  a  dead  goose  and
noticed that two others had disappeared, close to the chicken cage. Something
took  it  out  of  the  cage  and  killed  it.  Geese  are  normally  very  noisy  when

strangers are around, but we heard nothing. On Wednesday, we heard a noise
like  a  lot  of  bees  around,  on  top  of  the  house,  and  the  dogs  were  barking
furiously.’2

THE VAMPIRE OF MOCA
During  a  wave  of  sightings  of  unknown  aerial  craft  and  bizarre  beings  in
north-west Puerto Rico beginning early in 1975, innumerable strange killings
of  animals  occurred  in  and  around  the  town  of  Moca.  Investigations  were
carried out by the authorities, including veterinarian Mariano Santiago of the
Federal  Department  of  Agriculture,  who  confessed  bewilderment  at  the
manner of the deaths. ‘The situation is preoccupying, and occupying all the
time  of  my  department,’  admitted  the  Assistant  Secretary  of  Agriculture,
Felipe N. Rodriguez.

Sebastián Robiou Lamarche, a leading investigator, noted that the wounds
on  animals  appeared  as  though  caused  by  a  sort  of  ‘punch’  or  sharp
instrument which cuts through organs and bones. ‘The wounds seem to vary
according to the size of the animal,’ noted Robiou. ‘In the case of birds, the
diameter  of  wounds  is  about  one  quarter  of  an  inch;  in  cases  of  goats,  the
diameter is over an inch . . . there is never a drop of blood anywhere around
the  wound.  Furthermore,  the  wound  remains  open  .  .  .  as  though  the
instrument  producing  the  wound  has  simultaneously  extracted  any  flesh  or
organs  which  it  encountered.  In  the  majority  of  cases  they  occur  near  the
neck of the animal or in its thorax.’

Robiou’s  findings  include  a  list  of  animals  killed  by  the  ‘Vampire  of
Moca’ during this period, and their percentages:

Domestic fowls 182 (58%)
Ducks          40 (12.70%)
Goats          33 (10.50%)
Rabbits        20 (6.38%)
Geese          8 (5.70%)
Cows           8 (2.55%)
Sheep          5 (1.59%)
Pigs           3 (0.96%)

Dogs    3 (0.96%)
Cats    1 (0.32%)
    

Robiou found that the preponderance of killings at that time involved animals
kept  in  pens  and  hutches.  Descriptions  of  the  creatures  responsible  for  the
deaths varied: ‘hairy creatures’ (similar to the yeti), a ‘gigantic bird’ and a
‘terrible  greyish  creature  with  lots  of  feathers  and  a  long  thick  neck’  were
typical.3

THE SERPENT-BIRD
One night in April 1989, during a spate of mutilations in Ceiba Norte, near
Gurabo, east-central Puerto Rico, Señor Ortíz and others, fishing in the River
Jaguas, heard a strange howl. Shining their electric torch in the direction of
the sound, they saw a strange-looking bird with two large fangs. As soon as
the  beam  of  light  struck  the  bird,  it  fell  to  the  ground,  motionless.  The
creature was captured and taken home, where it was kept in a cage for several
days.  Señora  María  Ortíz  exhibited  the  ‘serpent-bird’,  as  it  was  called,  to
many  people,  including  officials  of  the  local  government  administration
office,  the  Department  of  the  Environment,  the  Department  of  Natural
Resources, Civil Defence and the Police. The fierce creature, which ‘howled
like a dog’, had large, white fangs – unknown in birds but common to certain
snakes – and ate only raw meat. It looked like a small fowl, but had rough,
toad-like skin and no feathers on its head.

Some days later María Ortíz was asked by the mayor’s office to bring in
the creature for examination. ‘But when she got there, she found a police van
and  two  policemen  waiting  for  her,’  reports  investigator  Magdalena  Del
Amo-Freixedo. ‘One of them asked her if she had got the bird in that cage,
and, as he was asking her, the other policeman snatched the cage from her
and  made  off  in  the  van  at  top  speed.’4  Fortunately,  photographs  of  the
creature exist and two of these have been published by Puerto Rico’s leading
investigator, Jorge Martín, in his book on the chupacabras phenomenon,5 one
of which has been reproduced in this book (here).

Similar  creatures  were  reported  by  others  at  the  time.  According  to  a
source  from  the  Department  of  Natural  Resources,  the  ‘serpent-bird’  had
been  confiscated  by  members  of  a  ‘task  force’,  which  included  American
federal personnel, and taken to a secret laboratory where specimens of other
strange, apparently mutated creatures were kept. Martín’s source stressed that
Puerto  Rican  personnel  were  not  allowed  to  participate  in  investigations  at
the laboratory.6

There  have  been  other  instances  when  strange  creatures,  including  the
chupacabras, have been captured by federal and military personnel in Puerto
Rico. In one case a preserved specimen of a very small hominid creature was
confiscated by federal personnel who reportedly stated that they worked for
NASA. As in the case of the ‘serpent-bird’, photographs of the creature exist,
two of which I published in Alien Base.7

THE 1995 WAVE
On 2 April 1995, at 18.00, in the midst of a spate of animal mutilations and
sightings  of  strange  creatures  in  the  areas  of  Orocovis,  Morovis  and
Naranjito,  north-central  Puerto  Rico,  fifteen  witnesses  encountered  a  dark
grey,  humanoid-shaped  being  about  three  feet  high,  with  luminous,  white
eyes, making a hissing sound. One of the witnesses, Román Colón, told Jorge
Martín that the creature made rapid side-to-side movements, almost as though
it were ‘floating’ just above the ground (as reported in the Cahill case). Colón
eventually went to the local police station and reported the incident. At 21.00
police officers returned to the site with Colón. The creature was still there,
hiding  among  bushes  and 
trees,  and  occasionally  making  strange
‘whispering’  noises.  Colón  asked  if  he  could  borrow  a  revolver  from  the
police,  but  they  explained  that  their  mandate  was  to  capture  it  alive;  they
were forbidden to shoot it. On attempting to approach the creature, one of the
officers, Agent Cruz, was overcome by a terrible headache and a peculiar ‘ill’
feeling.8  Martín  reports  that  a  similar  creature,  seen  a  week  earlier  in
Orocovis, also made the witness feel ill, although he did not get a headache.

In  Alien  Base  I  describe  a  few  sightings  in  1995  of  the  chupacabras  in
Canóvanas, to the north of the El Yunque Rain Forest, reported by witnesses
I interviewed in 1997 who had been introduced to me by Jorge Martín. Two
of these witnesses were Madelyn Tolentino and her mother. Another witness
I met briefly, but whose account I did not publish, was Madelyn’s husband,
José  Miguel  Agosto,  who  saw  the  creature  a  few  hours  earlier,  in  August
1995.  ‘There  was  a  terrible  noise,  a  loud  thumping,  and  then  I  saw  this
creature  land  on  the  ground  near  me,’  he  told  Linda  Moulton  Howe,  the
American investigator. ‘It was about three to four feet high and it moved in a
crawling way. But then it just stood next to the cyclone fence about eight feet
away  and  jumped  straight  over  into  the  tall  grass.’9  Chad  Deetken,  a
Canadian investigator, relates further details of the creature, as given him by
Madelyn Tolentino:

She described it as three to four feet tall, covered in a coarse dark brown/black hair . . . She did not
notice any genitalia. Its arms, which it kept pulled up close to its body, were long and thin, ending with
three long claws. It had what appeared to be a long ‘comb’ of feathers down its back. It also had several
bare circular patches on its skin which were purple in colour and looked as if they were burn marks. Its
jaw was prominent, it had a slit for a mouth and two holes for a nose, small ears and large slanted eyes
which were grey in colour, lacking the whites. She described the eyes as being moist or gelatin-like.
When it moved its head, it seemed to be in slow jerky mechanical motions.

Her mother, Isabel Maldonado, followed the creature and was joined by [a] mechanic. At this point,
her mother and the mechanic saw that the ‘comb’ on its back was in fact spikes which it was able to
raise, like those of a prehistoric lizard. And when it opened its mouth, they could see four fangs.10

In  October  1998  I  returned  to  Canóvanas,  together  with  my  girlfriend  and
Graham  Sheppard,  to  investigate  additional  cases.  On  this  and  subsequent
occasions  we  were  offered  a  great  deal  of  assistance  by  the  mayor  of
Canóvanas, Hon. José ‘Chemo’ Soto Rivera and his staff, as well as by Civil
Defence officials, all of whom take the chupacabras reports seriously. One of
the  witnesses  we  were  taken  to  interview  was  ‘Milly’  Eufemia  Rivas,  who
encountered the chupacabras on several occasions in February–March 1995.
As  she  explained  through  our  interpreter  from  the  Civil  Defence,  Ismael
Aguayo, Milly first saw the creature walking on a neighbour’s roof.

It  was  not  so  high,  about  four  feet,  with  membranes  under  its  arms  and  what  looked  like  coloured
spines coming down its back. It had big red eyes, like ovals. It started to lift the neighbour’s roof cover
then  it  came  down  through  the  roof,  forcing  the  neighbours  out  of  the  house.  They  called  the  Civil
Defence. The creature was in the house for two hours, keeping people away. Then it flew to the house
over there, and then it flew towards our house and stood on my roof! It was greenish-grey, with an oval,
skinny face, small lips, a proboscis and long teeth.

At its closest it was only seven to ten feet away from me. I saw it three separate times, very close. It
sucked rabbits . . . I was very frightened. This animal is not from Puerto Rico, but maybe from another
planet, because it has certain supernatural powers. It’s got a remarkable way of gazing . . . The spines
on its back change colours, not because they are different colours but because they can change them
somehow. It has very long claws on its hands and feet, and a membrane between the claws. On both
elbows was something like a spike. The creature walked with heavy steps. My sister saw it, too. On
another occasion, I saw something like a baby chupacabras. It made a different noise, like a whistle.11

A CHUPACABRAS SHOT
In mid-September 1995, at the height of the chupacabras scare, Agent Juan
Collazo  Vazquez  of  the  Canóvanas  Police  Department  was  asleep  in  his
house in the Community of Campo Rico. He had retired early, as he had to be
up at 04.00 the following day. At 23.10 the sound of his car’s burglar alarm
awoke  him.  ‘I  put  on  a  T-shirt,  grabbed  my  bullet-proof  vest  and  my  .357
Smith and Wesson Magnum, and went downstairs,’ he told Graham and me,
through  Civil  Defence  interpreter  Edwin  Vazquez,  at  Canóvanas  police
station.

When I got to the garage, I saw my chow dog struggling to get away from something. As a precaution,
I didn’t turn on the light, so there was only some ambient light from the Moon. I got to within about
nine feet away, and saw this animal. It held the dog by its short arms and was trying to spike it in the
neck  with  something.  My  chow  is  an  aggressive  dog  and  quite  large.  I  assumed  at  first  that  it  was
another dog, but then I noticed that it looked something like a kangaroo, with an oval-shaped snout. It
was about three feet in height. I tried to approach, but I never saw anything like it; it had oval-shaped
eyes, from side views at first. And then, I went into shock.

At  this  point  in  the  interview,  the  hairs  on  Agent  Collazo’s  arms  stood  on
end.  Clearly,  he  was  still  affected  by  the  incident,  three  years  on.  After  a
pause, he continued:

I pulled back, then pulled out my gun to aim at the creature and fired one shot. I can never forget it. The
creature kind of squealed, and reacted. It became like a ball of hair, to protect itself. I used a hollow-
point, split-end [dumdum] bullet. I realized the bullet went into it, but did not exit it. That’s amazing!
My car was on the other side of the creature and there was no impact point. The creature was sort of
catapulted on to the wall, and then he springs back up again.

I was so shocked. I scraped my knees running away and up the outside stairs. My wife started to
come downstairs – she thought I’d been shot. I grabbed her by the hair and ran back with her into the
house. I was shaking all over. I couldn’t believe what I saw. My wife started slapping me and asking
what had happened. On coming out of my shock, we returned downstairs. We found blood and hair –
very thick hair, which the forensic section of the police examined. It smelled terrible, like rotted blood.
The next day, the blood on the garage floor was still liquified; it should have coagulated by then. It
rinsed  away  real  quick,  but  it  had  this  terrible  smell.  Jorge  Martín  brought  some  people  and  took
samples of blood and hair for analysis. That dog was traumatized! The chupacabras had sort of shaved
off the area it wanted to pierce, but it didn’t actually do that. Afterwards, the dog began to shake and
seemed ill. When he bit my son in the back, we decided to take him to the animal refuge.
We  asked  Collazo  how  the  chupacabras  left.  ‘I  didn’t  stay  to  see  that!’  he
replied. ‘But it left tracks in the mud – three big toes – outside my house. It
must have been pretty heavy.’12

NO KNOWN SPECIES
Blood  samples  from  the  Collazo  chupacabras  incident  were  taken  away  by
police  forensic  specialists.  I  do  not  know  the  results,  but  samples  of  blood
(and other associated materials) from a chupacabras which had been injured
in the area two nights later were collected by Jorge Martín and analysed by
doctors  specializing  in  genetics.  Fearing  professional  repercussions,  the
doctors insisted on anonymity. Although the original analysis indicated that
the sample showed similar characteristics to the blood of human Type A Rh.
Positive,  later  analyses  ruled  this  out.  In  his  definitive  book  on  the
chupacabras  phenomenon,  Martín  cites  the  doctors’  report,  part  of  which
states  that  the  ratios  of  traces  of  magnesium,  phosphorus,  calcium  and
potassium,  as  well  as  the  proportion  of  albumin  to  globulin,  were  not
compatible with either human or known terrestrial animal species.

From the results of the analysis it can be inferred that, since the characteristics found in the sample
could not be classified as those of any known organism, the organism from which this one originates
might  be  the  product  of  highly  sophisticated  genetic  manipulation,  an  organism  foreign  to  our
environment, or perhaps an animal species totally unknown to present human science.13

New  species  of 
terrestrial  and  aquatic  creatures  are  discovered
occasionally. Could the chupacabras be indigenous to Earth? I do not believe
this  to  be  the  case.  In  addition  to  the  remarkable  results  from  the  blood
sample, the creature’s speed and method of flying and of killing its victims is
phenomenal. Its description matches no known species. In cases where new
terrestrial species are discovered (such as the ‘Sun Dog’, described shortly),
their genetic heritage is traceable. What descriptions of the chupacabras do
match, in certain critical features (such as the eyes), however, is that of the
most  widely  reported  alien  hominid  creature  in  Puerto  Rico.  A  logical
hypothesis,  then,  is  that  the  chupacabras  is  an  alien  creature,  perhaps  a
hybrid, created by an alien species for a purpose we can only guess at for the
time being.

GOAT-SUCKER FEVER
‘It has the fangs of a vampire, the wings of a bat and the personality of an
extraterrestrial,’ reported the Washington Post in May 1996. ‘And now there
are  sightings  everywhere,  all  across  Mexico  .  .  .  even  on  the  ranch  of
Guanajuato state Gov. [later President] Vicente Fox.’

Accounts of close encounters with the goat-sucker, which began with reports of farm animal slaughters
and have spread to fantastic tales of human confrontations, are filling Mexico’s newspapers, headlining
the nightly television news . . . the government became so concerned about quelling the mania that the
state of Sinaloa ordered a zoological task force into the field to find the mystery animal.

On 8 May the government task force issued its report. ‘We have ruled out the
theory that the attack on sheep and goats was carried out by a supernatural
being or a blood-sucking bat,’ declared Javier Delgadillo, a scientist. Instead,
he  said,  pollution  had  now  reached  such  high  levels  in  the  country  that
animals  had  been  driven  mad,  giving  them  the  appearance  of  ‘crazed  alien
creatures’.  Another  theory  was  offered  by  Ernesto  Enkerlin,  a  wildlife
biologist  at  the  Technological  Institute  of  Monterrey,  who  attributed  the
frenzy to ‘collective psychosis’.

Undoubtedly, collective psychosis played a large part in the proliferation
of bizarre tales from Mexico (and elsewhere) that year, following as they did
from  the  chupacabras  epidemic  reported  in  Puerto  Rico  the  previous  year.
But not all reports can be dismissed, and there were some disturbing accounts
of human victims, such as Abigael Pavon, a nurse who claimed her arm had
been severed by a ‘giant bird that swooped into her house’ in Mexico State.14
Another  victim  was  José  Angel  Pulido  of  Tlajomulco,  Jalisco  State.  While
walking home at 23.30 during the first week of May 1996, he was attacked
by a creature that felt like ‘a plastic bag filled with soft jelly; no bones, no
muscles’, and with a large round head. The creature left two puncture holes
just above Pulido’s right elbow and a triangle-shaped puncture on his right
wrist. He suffered from nausea for about three days afterwards.15

According  to  Marco  Reynoso,  results  of  necropsies  performed  on
mutilated animals in Mexico indicated that

.  .  .  the  perforations  in  the  thoracic  cavity  go  straight  down,  converging  on  the  heart,  which  is
destroyed, along with the other vital organs, liver and lungs etc.; the blood is totally extracted – at times
together with some organ or other, via the perforations, the diameter of which runs from 1cm to 1.5cm.
In 70% of the cases, there are sightings of UFOs in the same night or the preceding night, but we still
have not been able to find a direct relationship between the two phenomena.16

In  1997  hundreds  of  animal  mutilations  were  reported  in  south-central
Brazil. A few cases involved attacks on humans. On 4 July Rogério Roche
Grance,  a  22-year-old  forester,  was  attacked  while  walking  along  an  unlit
stretch of road in the municipality of Jardim by a large, foul-smelling creature
‘with big hairs scattered all over its body’. Grance was treated at hospital for
wounds  to  his  left  arm  caused  by  the  creature’s  claws.  Reportedly,  the
Brazilian  Army  asked  that  anybody  who  had  been  attacked  should  first
present  themselves  at  army  barracks  before  giving  any  interviews  to  the
media.17



‘SUN DOGS’
Is it possible that the chupacabras and similar creatures are an unknown but
terrestrial species? Consider the case of the mysterious ‘Sun Dogs’, or ‘Wari-
Wilkas’  as they  were  called  by the  ancient  Peruvians.  Numerous
representations of these fierce creatures were made by the Inca, the Maya, the
Aztecs and the Toltecs, who used them to guard the ‘Sun God’, depicting a
quadruped with ‘large, sharp claws and offset thumb-like toes, a long narrow
tongue,  out-jutting  lower  jaw,  retracted  lips  showing  long,  sharp  fang-like
teeth  .  .  .  and  a  long  tail  with  slightly  prehensible  tip’,  as  author  A.  Hyatt
Verrill writes in his book, America’s Ancient Civilizations. ‘The Indians [of
South  and  Central  America]  declare  that  it  is  absolutely  fearless,  will
unhesitatingly attack any creature it meets including man, and that it moves,
springs, strikes with its hooked claws, and slashes with the terrible teeth with
incredible speed and agility, and they all firmly believe that it is a more or
less supernatural creature inhabited by a devil.’

The actual existence of such a creature was disputed for many years until
Hyatt Verrill was brought a live specimen in the late 1940s by a Lacandon
Indian from Chiapas State in southern Mexico. ‘To be sure, it was a young
animal, barely two feet in length,’ he reported (fully grown, they reached at
least  five  feet),  ‘but  it  had  all  of  the  characteristics  shown  in  the
immeasurably old sculptures and paintings . . . the only known specimen of a
supposedly long extinct semi-mythical animal . . . He was the most ferocious
and dangerous animal for his size that I have ever seen . . . his paroxyms of
fury  [made]  the  more  terrifying  by  fearsome  deep  throated  snarls  and  loud
hisses.’18

A  photograph  of  the  creature  is  included  in  Hyatt  Verrill’s  book  and  is
reproduced  here.  There  are  few  similarities  with  descriptions  of  the
chupacabras and other ‘related’ species, neither is there any evidence that the
Sun Dog sucked blood from those animals or humans it attacked. The point
here  is  that  creatures  thought  to  be  extinct  or  mythical  do  come  to  light
occasionally.

‘CHICKCHARNIES’
While holidaying in the Bahamas in 1999 I learned about the legendary and
elusive  ‘chickcharnies’,  creatures  said  to  nest  in  the  forests  of  Andros,  the
largest  but  least  developed  island  in  the  Bahamas.  Seminole  Indians  are
credited  with  originating  the  myth  of  the  chickcharnies,  which  supposedly
wreak havoc on those who fail to respect them. In light of stories about the
chupacabras, the Mexican goat-sucker and other creatures, the description of
chickcharnies  made  me  wonder  if  some  truth  is  contained  in  the  myth.
Described  as  a  cross  between  a  man  and  a  bird,  with  owl-like  features,
beards, green feathers, red eyes, three fingers and three toes, they are said to
hang upside down by their tails from pine trees.19,20

‘To you or I, the cheeky chickcharnie is a product of local imagination,’
comments Christopher Baker, a travel and natural sciences writer. ‘But to the
Androsians,  the  devil-in-disguise  is  as  real  as  the  nose  on  your  face.’21  Of
coincidental interest, a couple of miles off the east coast of North Andros lies
the Tongue of the Ocean, a canyon more than five miles deep, and the joint
US–UK  Navies  Atlantic  Undersea  Test  and  Evaluation  Center  (AUTEC)
anti-submarine  warfare  testing  facility  is  based  one  mile  south  of  Andros
Town.

THE HYBRID PUNKS
Close to the El Yunque Rain Forest in Puerto Rico lies the pleasant housing
settlement of Colinas del Yunque. On a very hot day in August 1992, at about
17.00,  two  extraordinary  humanoid  creatures  were  seen  strolling  calmly
down  the  street  outside  the  house  of  Soraya  Collazo  and  her  family.  In
November 1997 Jorge Martín took me to meet Señora Collazo and her sons,
Didier  and  Gabriel  Rosado,  and  daughters,  Naomi  Collazo  and  Ava  Saudí
Rosado.

‘They walked slowly,’ Señora Collazo told us. ‘But I didn’t see them from
a very close distance.’

It was very hot, and they were wearing no shoes – that’s what caught my attention. I called the kids.
The creatures were of a greenish-greyish colour, about four to five feet tall, and had long, skinny arms.
The hair was sort of in lumps and their eyes were oval; I could see no white or colour in them. I thought
they were crazy – it was too hot. They wore only short pants. I couldn’t see their feet clearly, but they
were possibly elongated.

‘We  saw  these  creatures  with  straw-like,  beige-coloured  hair  sticking  up,
walking down the street,’ recounted Didier Rosado, nine years old at the time
of the encounter. ‘We went after them on our bikes, with another kid – there
were five of us altogether. We followed them about six to eight feet away,
but they wouldn’t let us come closer. They walked at an even pace. They had
black eyes, greenish, long arms, almost down to their knees, and oval-shaped
heads with a pronounced chin, hardly any nose and small, pointed ears.’

‘The colour of their skin was a mixture of brown and green,’ recalled Ava
Saudí Rosado, who is one year older than Didier. ‘I was a little bit scared, but
I laughed at them as we followed them because I just couldn’t believe it.’ She
pointed  down  the  road.  ‘Then  they  turned  off  down  there  and  disappeared
into the brush.’

The children described the creatures’ hair as swept up in a sort of ‘punk’
style. Naturally, it will be suggested that the odd couple actually were punks,
wearing masks, but the witnesses insist that the creatures were not only far
too thin, there was also something about them that was ‘different’. None of
the children could explain why, for the most part, they all felt so calm in the
face of such bizarre beings.22

There was another occasion when alien creatures were seen strolling down
a road in El Yunque, witnessed at night by Luis Torres and two other police
officers and their wives in 1991,23 but the Colinas del Yunque case is unique
in that it took place in broad daylight and the creatures appeared to have hair,
a rarity in cases involving this species. Jorge Martín and I wondered if this
development  heralded  the  emergence  of  an  alien/human  hybrid  –  a
hybridized species which many abductees claim to have been shown by their
abductors.  Whatever  the  case,  it  certainly  seems  as  though  the  creatures
wanted to be seen, perhaps to test local reactions.

‘I know that something strange is happening over there,’ Soraya Collazo
told us, looking at the mountains of the rain forest. ‘Many neighbours have
seen things . . .’

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Interview, Guánica, 17 January 1999.
2. Interview, Guánica, 20 January 1999.
3. Robiou Lamarche, Sebastián, ‘UFOs and Mysterious Deaths of Animals: Part I’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 22, no. 5, 1976, pp. 15–18.
4. Del Amo-Freixedo, Magdalena, ‘Current Happenings on Puerto Rico’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 36, no. 4, Winter 1991, pp. 19–20, translated by Gordon Creighton.
5. Martín, Jorge, La Conspiración Chupacabras, CEDICOP, PO Box 29516, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00929–0516, 1997.
6. Martín, Jorge, ‘“Impossible Animals!” What is going on in Puerto Rico?’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 6, 1995, p. 37.
7. Good, Timothy, Alien Base, pp. 393–4.
8. Martín, Jorge, ‘What are the creatures seen in Orocovis, Morovis, and Naranjito?’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 6, 1995, pp. 19–20.
9. Howe, Linda Moulton, ‘Chupacabras: The Mysterious Bloodsuckers’, Nexus, June–July 1997, p. 58.
10. Deetken, Chad, ‘Chupacabras: Mystery or Hysteria?’, UFO*BC Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 1, January 1997, 1810 Hamilton Street, New Westminster, British Columbia, V3M 2P4, Canada.
11. Interview, Canóvanas, 23 October 1998.
12. Ibid.
13. Martín, Jorge, La Conspiración Chupacabras, pp. 116–17, translated by Margaret Barling.
14. Moore, Molly, ‘Mexico Hears a Sucking Sound’, Washington Post, 11 May 1996.
15. Howe, op. cit., pp. 59–60.
16. Del Amo-Freixedo, ‘Chupacabras Galore!’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 42, no. 2, Summer 1997, p. 3, translated by Gordon Creighton from Enigmas (Madrid), vol. 2, no. XI, 1996.
17. Stieven, Mauren Andrea, ‘Chupacabras rampant in South-Central Brazil (1997)’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 44, no. 4, Winter 1999, pp. 13–16, translated by Gordon Creighton from the Brazilian magazine UFO, no. 53, September 1997.
18. Verrill, A. Hyatt and Verrill, Ruth, America’s Ancient Civilizations, G. P. Putnam’s Sons, New York, 1953, pp. 120–4.
19. Fodor’s 98: The Bahamas, ed. Stephen Wolf, Fodor’s Travel Publications, 1997, p. 134.
20. Baker, Christopher P., Bahamas, Turks & Caicos, Lonely Planet, 1991, p. 313.
21. Ibid.
22. Interviews, Colinas del Yunque, 26 November 1997.
23. Good, op. cit., pp. 389–90.


===================================================================================
Chapter 17. Island of Enchantment

‘Up  at  El  Yunque  a  year  ago,’  Soraya  Collazo  told  Jorge  Martín  and  me,
‘some armed men, dressed in black, ordered us to leave the area.’

It was a story I had heard from many local people. ‘I don’t know what’s
going  on  up  there,’  Juan  Antonio  Skerret,  of  Río  Grande,  told  us  in  1998.
‘Before, you could go up to any place there and have a good time. American
military people often stop us. Someone is hiding something up there.’1

I do not doubt that, at certain times and in certain areas of the Caribbean
National  Forest,  visitors  are  harassed  by  military  personnel,  but  in  many
cases the reasons are not related to the alien phenomenon. I have yet to be
harassed  by  anybody,  or  anything  else  in  El  Yunque  for  that  matter,  apart
from mosquitoes. Possibly this is owing to my being ‘in the wrong place at
the wrong time’ or to not being a local inhabitant. True, there are restricted
areas, but these are usually marked. For example, a typed notice from the US
Department of Agriculture Forest Service, dated 26 August 1997 and signed
by the Forest Supervisor, Caribbean National Forest, states in part:

.  .  .  it  is  hereby  ordered  that  the  following  prohibition  hereinafter  set  forth  apply  to  the  following
described area . . . entering, or being upon the Molindero Road . . . Except for: (1) Any Federal, State,
or  Local  officer,  or  member  of  an  organized  rescue  or  fire  fighting  force  in  the  performance  of  an
official duty. (2) Any authorized person engaged in official administrative duties regarding National
Forest Administration. Violation of this order is prohibited by provisions of the regulations cited . . .
any such violation is subject to punishment by a fine of not more than $5000.00 or imprisonment for
not more than six months, or both.

The  28,000-acre  rain  forest,  popularly  named  after  its  second-highest
mountain,  El  Yunque  (1065  metres),  has  numerous  nature  trails,  some  of
which, like the roads, are periodically (some say conveniently) closed due to
flooding, landslides or hurricane damage. Both the US Navy and the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) have radar and communication facilities in El
Yunque,  such  as  on  Mount  Britton  (941  metres),  access  to  which  sites  is
restricted. Sometimes forestry repairs are carried out by a partnership of the

In  my  view  there  is  another  reason  why,  periodically,  military  personnel
seem to appear out of nowhere, ordering visitors to move away from certain
areas. Roosevelt Roads Naval Air Station is relatively close and I have been
told  that  the  US  Navy  stores  nuclear  weapons,  as  well  as  conventional
ordnance, in El Yunque. Ordnance is also stored on Vieques, an island some
ten miles south-east of Roosevelt Roads. Currently there is a dispute about
the  Navy’s  60-year  hegemony  over  this  island,  which  9300  residents  share
with  the  Atlantic  Fleet  Weapons  Training  Facility,  a  huge  bombing  range.
Crews  on  all  ships  (including  flight  crews)  carry  out  exercises  with  live
bombs and sometimes civilians get hurt. What worries many Puerto Ricans,
understandably,  is  that  napalm  and  munitions  containing  depleted  (‘spent’)
uranium have been used by US forces training in Vieques: it is claimed that
the  cancer  rate  there,  by  far  the  highest  of  any  of  Puerto  Rico’s  78
municipalities, is linked to these exercises.2

Carlos Pérez Figueroa, an editor for Channel 11 News in Puerto Rico, lives
in the Canóvanas area which borders El Yunque. One night in November–
December  1997,  Jorge  Martín  told  me,  Pérez  was  with  some  friends  in
Palmasola  when  all  of  them  saw  a  brilliant  light  approaching  the  house,
accompanied  by  a  loud  roaring  sound  which  shook  the  house.  As  it  came
closer, the light could be seen to be at the front of a huge, dark, triangular- or
boomerang-shaped craft with what looked like engines underneath, towards
the back.3  No  tailplane,  fin  nor  control  surfaces  were  discerned.  With  heat
emanating  from  it,  the  craft  moved  at  no  more  than  30  to  40  mph.  Pérez
described the engines as like two broad, flexible tubes, curving out towards
the base and with two large openings or exhausts. The craft appeared to be
much  wider  than,  but  not  as  long  as,  a  Boeing  747  jumbo  jet.  It  flew  just
above trees, following the contour of the terrain, before disappearing between
El Yunque and El Toro (at 1074 metres, the highest mountain in the forest).
Afterwards, Pérez told Martín, loud explosions could be heard coming from
that direction.4

US Department of Agriculture Forest Service, the US Navy and the FAA.

On the night of 22 November 1997 Carlos Pérez took three friends to visit
El Yunque. Having spent an hour on Mount Britton in the rain and mist, they
decided to walk back down to their van, parked some considerable distance
away, each carrying electric torches. Suddenly, Martín told me, the shrubbery
began to move around them and a camouflaged, armed soldier emerged, then
others,  wearing  nets  over  their  camouflaged  faces.  Pointing  rifles  and
automatic  pistols,  and  shining  torches  into  the  faces  of  the  witnesses,  they
demanded, in English, to know what Pérez and his friends were doing there
and  asked  if  the  van  parked  further  down  the  road  was  theirs.  Pérez,  who
speaks little English, asked to talk to a Spanish-speaking soldier and began
remonstrating with him, pointing out that they were not in a restricted area.
As  the  situation  became  tense,  one  of  Pérez’s  friends  pleaded  with  him  to
comply with the soldiers’ orders to leave the area, which they did.5

Had  Pérez  and  his  friends  innocently  stumbled  on  a  military  exercise?
Exercises are carried out periodically by US armed forces in El Yunque, and
such  exercises  routinely  and  legally  encroach  on  public  land,  sometimes  to
the consternation of local inhabitants. Owing to sightings of strange craft in
El Yunque at that time, such as the one seen by Pérez (which he assumed to
be of American origin), one has to wonder if the military was involved in an
actual operation of some sort, particularly because, on a number of occasions,
strange, apparently military craft have been accompanied by even stranger,
more sophisticated craft.

Jorge  Martín  reports  that,  in  the  small  hours  of  21  January  1997,  Juan
Hernández, a security guard, was driving in north-west Puerto Rico when he
claims to have encountered a huge, triangular-shaped craft. The craft, covered
with lights that changed colour, seemed to be piloted by a typically described
‘grey’ alien. Suddenly, a beam of light from the craft engulfed Hernández,
who by this time had stopped to watch. He became imbued with a sensation
of peace such as he had never experienced.

Underneath the craft ‘fan blades’ rotated slowly and silently. Deciding to
follow it, Hernández got back into his car, but found his way blocked by an
official-looking  vehicle,  occupied  by  several  men.  As  with  ‘Piedro  Viera’
(Chapter 15), Hernández was warned by the driver not to follow the craft, but
in  this  case  the  warning  was  followed  by  a  threat  that  something  would
happen  to  him  if  he  tried  to  do  so.  He  then  overheard  one  of  the  men
announcing to the others that two more craft were coming.

According  to  Hernández,  two  more  craft  then  appeared,  identical  to  the
previous  one  but  with  twin  engines,  emitting  exhaust  and  making  an
extremely  loud  jet-like  noise.  These  followed  the  first  craft,  which
surrounded  itself  in  a  turquoise-coloured  light  that  changed  to  violet,  then
shot  off  vertically,  leaving  the  others  behind.  Finally,  the  men  left  in  their
vehicle, apparently following the two craft, which headed in the direction of
where Ramey Air Force Base used to be located.6

Hernández  speculated  that  the  second  and  third  craft  were  of  terrestrial
origin, perhaps incorporating extraterrestrial technology, and that the men in
the vehicle were monitoring a test flight. In that case, I wonder, was the first
craft also monitoring the flight?

The similarity in descriptions of the ‘military’ craft seen by Carlos Pérez
and  Juan  Hernández  is  remarkable.  Furthermore,  Jorge  Martín  discovered
that  in  the  early  hours  of  21  January  1997,  two  similar  craft  with  equally
noisy engines were reportedly seen landing by several witnesses at the former
Ramey  Air  Force  Base  (now  Rafael  Hernández  Airport),  in  an  area  still
controlled by the US Air Force.7

DISAPPEARANCES
It is not difficult to become lost in El Yunque. In most cases, people find their
way back to one of the trails or roads, but in a few cases some have never
returned.  Jorge  Martín  reports  that  one  night  in  1967,  while  a  group  of
biology students and teachers were camping in a densely forested area of El
Yunque, a strange humming sound pervaded the area for several minutes –
then  silence.  Shortly  afterwards,  the  group  observed  a  luminous  figure
walking  some  distance  away.  One  of  the  teachers,  Professor  González,
decided to investigate, taking a boy, Ramón Quiñones, with him.

Later,  the  teacher  returned,  without  Ramón,  who  had  disappeared  after
taking a different path. González searched for him in vain. Then a slim, tall
man, dressed in a tight-fitting silvery suit, with a large head, long arms and
hands, appeared before the group, and held them immobilized for 15 minutes.
After the entity had walked away slowly, the students and teachers recovered
their  mobility  and  once  again  searched  unsuccessfully  for  Ramón.  The
following  day,  police  and  forest  rangers  searched  the  area  to  no  avail.
Members of the group were forbidden by police and federal authorities from
discussing the matter publicly, and for five months, allegedly, were watched
by government agents.8

Jorge  Martín  has  told  me  about  some  disturbing  disappearances  of
children,  and  others  involving  military  personnel.  In  1976,  two  US  Navy
officers  stationed  at  Roosevelt  Roads  vanished  without  trace.  According  to
one of Martín’s sources, some soldiers who disappeared on El Yunque in the
1960s  and  1970s  were  officially  declared  to  have  gone  missing  in  the
Vietnam War.9

On  2  August  1997  Dr  Darby  Williams,  a  dean  of  Bowling  Green  State
University, Huron, Ohio, left his rented car beside the well-known ‘La Coca’
waterfall  in  El  Yunque  and,  according  to  some  reports,  went  looking  for
Puerto Rico’s  unique-sounding tiny  tree frogs,  the  coquí. When Williams’s
return  was  long  overdue,  his  family  alerted  authorities.  ‘The  federal  police
kept it to themselves for a long time,’ Martín told me.

That’s unusual. They took his car back to the rental place, but didn’t notify the Puerto Rico police until
later. After starting the search, they suddenly suspended it.

The  Dean  was  very  well  connected,  even  at  the  White  House,  I’m  told,  so  another  search  was
ordered. Though federal authorities made up stories that he had been seen in various towns, after 12
days he reappeared at the Coca Falls. When people get lost, they rarely come out of the forest at the
same place they entered. He was very nervous, and he had a strong sunburn. Why? He also had marks
on his legs, and possibly his wrists, which looked like shackle marks.

The  ‘feds’  wouldn’t  let  him  talk  to  the  media.  One  journalist  who  tried  to  interview  him  had  her
cellular phone taken away. He was taken first to a hospital in San Juan, given emergency treatment,
then to the main Puerto Rico police headquarters, where the superintendent is an FBI agent. Williams
seemed  afraid,  and  he  was  always  escorted  forcibly.  Then  he  was  sent  back  to  the  mainland  United
States.

‘So what happened?’ I asked Martín in San Juan, less than a month after the
incident.

‘I  don’t  know.  Something  happened  to  him.  Either  he  had  an  encounter
with alien beings or he accidentally came across a secret US facility and was
arrested for security reasons. Everyone here will tell you it was illogical. He
seemed to be hiding something. And he went into the forest with a camcorder
but did not come out with it.’10

It is possible, of course, that there is another explanation. I contacted Dr
Williams.  ‘I  am  most  interested  in  learning  what  actually  happened  to  you
while  you  went  missing  in  El  Yunque  in  August  1997,’  I  wrote.  ‘As  a
reporter dedicated to getting the facts and avoiding sensationalism, I would
be delighted to have the story from you.’11 Although Dr Williams received
my letter and subsequent copies, he chose not to reply.

While many strange things undoubtedly have occurred in El Yunque, there
are those who live there who say they have yet to see anything unusual. In
October 1998, for instance, Graham Sheppard and I introduced ourselves to

Professor José T. Quiñones III, a retired US Navy lieutenant commander, as
he  was  repairing  damage  to  his  house  caused  by  Hurricane  Georges.  We
casually mentioned our research. He seemed interested but regretted that he
himself  had  never  seen  anything.12  Conspiracy  theorists  might  suggest  that
his US Navy background made him an official collaborator with the ‘coverup
’. That was not our impression. Regarding the US military presence, on at
least one occasion Graham and I have tailed US Navy vehicles as they made
their way up El Yunque. Personnel inside the vehicles seemed uninterested,
although  as  previously  explained,  we  have  learned  that  there  are  indeed
sensitive  areas,  such  as  weapons  storage  sites,  to  which  access  is
understandably denied.

THE OFFICIAL VIEW
On  the  morning  of  30  April  1997  Dr  Pedro  Rosselló,  Governor  of  Puerto
Rico,  held  an  official  meeting  with  General  Wesley  Clark,  US  Army
Commander-in-Chief, Southern Command, to discuss the siting of US Army
South  at  Fort  Buchanan  in  Guaynabo.  According  to  two  of  Jorge  Martín’s
highly placed sources, another unofficial and secret meeting supposedly took
place  on  1  May  between  Governor  Rosselló  and  a  number  of  US  military
officials on board a US Navy ship anchored between Fajardo and the island
of  Vieques  off  the  east  coast  of  Puerto  Rico.  Shortly  before  02.00,  Martín
told me, a huge, disc-shaped craft appeared in the sky, made a pass above the
ship,  then  plunged  into  the  sea.  ‘Was  this  by  pure  chance,  or  perhaps  a
“demonstration” put on for the benefit of the Governor?’ Martín speculated.13
Governor Rosselló is a Yale- and Harvard-educated surgeon who has been
a popular leader of his people since 1992. Despite the extraordinary number
of  alien  encounters  reported  in  Puerto  Rico,  the  subject  seldom  receives
attention  by  the  serious  media  and  relatively  few  officials  have  spoken  out
publicly.  In  1999  I  wrote  to  Dr  Rosselló,  mentioning  that  I  had  visited  the
Commonwealth  on  seven  occasions  since  1990,  investigating  the  claims  of
men and women from all walks of life. ‘While I remain sceptical about many
of the stories regarding an alleged alien presence in Puerto Rico,’ I pointed
out, ‘it would be dishonest of me not to admit that I find a number of these
stories highly convincing.

‘From normally reliable sources,’ I continued, ‘I have been informed that
there is indeed an alien presence based in your country and around its waters,
and that certain US military/intelligence authorities are well aware of this . . .
I have often wondered if you might have been briefed by the Americans on
these  matters.’  I  went  on  to  ask  the  Governor  if  he  had  discussed  the
‘forbidden  subject’  with  General  Clark,  for  example,  because  a  lot  of
‘activity’ had been reported around that time, and if there was any truth to the
rumour  that  during  the  alleged  unpublicized  meeting  on  board  a  US  Navy
ship, some ‘activity’ had occurred.14 I received the following reply:

I commend you for having invested so much time and energy to investigating a topic which – though
fascinating – inevitably provokes scorn and even ridicule in many quarters.

Accepting your inquiry in the best of good faith, I can assure you that nothing I have heard, read or
experienced has given me any reason to believe that extraterrestrial creatures have ever visited Earth.
Please accept this as a categorical affirmation of total ignorance on the subject, because the preceding
sentence is emphatically not a ‘craftily-worded’ disclaimer designed to withhold any item or items of
information.  That  said,  I  appreciate  your  interest  in  the  United  States’  Island  of  Enchantment  in  the
Caribbean  Sea,  and  hope  you  will  contact  me  at  once  if  your  research  eventually  yields  tangible
evidence that Puerto Rico has been visited by beings from other worlds . . .15

Responding to my request for further clarification, Governor Rosselló wrote
to me as follows.

Never has any government official or institution directly or indirectly briefed me, or otherwise provided
me with information, either on the topic of unidentified flying objects or with respect to evidence that
the Earth may at some time have been visited by extraterrestrial creatures.

On one or more occasions during my incumbency, I have been aboard United States Navy vessels.
On no such occasion, however, has anything transpired that could even remotely be deemed pertinent
to your studies.16

My scheduling staff has exhaustively searched our files and determined to my complete satisfaction
that  on  May  1,  1997:  I  visited  no  U.S.  Navy  vessel;  I  met  with  no  person  or  persons  serving  in  or
employed  by  the  U.S.  Navy.  Once  more,  let  me  stress  that  this  and  my  previous  responses  to  your
inquiries  have  been  as  candid,  accurate  and  comprehensive  as  I  could  possibly  make  them.  I  have
concealed no relevant information. I have in no way endeavoured to mislead you.17

It  is  unlikely  that  either  Governor  Pedro  Rosselló  or  Jorge  Martín  are
dissimulating.  My  conclusion, therefore, is that  Martín  was fed isinformation by his sources.

‘I  confess  that  the  extensive  material  about  mysterious  happenings
hereabouts  struck  me  as  ironic,’  wrote  Dr  Rosselló,  responding  to  extracts
from  this  book  which  I  had  sent  him  for  review.  ‘Critics  (both  local  and
external)  regularly  accuse  us  of  societal  self-absorption  (“an 
island
surrounded by mirrors” is one phrase that’s been utilized in this context) –
that is, a tendency to behave as if the universe revolved around Puerto Rico;
yet  your  writing  might  almost  lead  a  reader  to  suspect  that  we  indeed  are
situated at the center of the universe!’18

FEDERAL INVOLVEMENT
In 1990, following a lecture he had given at a symposium of the Mutual UFO
Network (MUFON) in Pensacola, Florida, Jorge Martín was approached by a
man named César Remus Ramírez, a US citizen with a Venezuelan father and
Puerto Rican mother. Remus expressed much interest in the UFO situation in
Puerto Rico. Two years later he moved to the island for reasons connected
with his work as a mechanical engineer, he said, and contacted Martín.

‘Every  time  we  talked  about  his  alleged  work,  he  would  become  very
nervous,’ said Martín. Eventually, Remus confessed to being an FBI agent,
but  stressed  that  his  work  had  nothing  to  do  with  his  interest  in  the  UFO
subject.  He  claimed  to  be  a  member  of  a  special  ‘task  force’  investigating
bank robberies and international drugs traffic. Shortly afterwards, however,
Remus  contacted  several  of  Martín’s  friends  and  co-investigators,  also
disclosing that he was an FBI agent, and falsely claiming to be working with
Martín. ‘At the same time, he began asking everyone what I knew about the
UFO/alien situation in El Yunque. He insisted on asking us and our friends
repeatedly to  camp at  night in  El  Yunque. Upon  our refusal  to do  this,  he,
very  annoyed,  discarded  the  whole  idea.  If  he  wanted  to  go  to  El  Yunque,
why was our presence so indispensable?’

In July 1993 Martín participated at a MUFON symposium in Richmond,
Virginia.  Prior  to  boarding  the  flight  at  San  Juan’s  Luís  Muñoz  Marín
international airport, he and his wife were surprised to meet Remus, who said
he  was  also  attending  the  conference  in  a  strictly  unofficial  capacity.  ‘He
assured us he had financed his air tickets with his own money, but we noticed
that he did not travel with regular air tickets,’ said Martín. ‘At each stop on
the trip,  the agent  filled in  a series of  “vouchers”, a  lot of  papers,  together
with  the  airline  employees,  showing  them  his  federal  agency  ID,  but  did
everything  possible  to  prevent  us  from  seeing  the  ID.  Was  it  perhaps  to
conceal  the  fact  that  he  worked  for  someone  other  than  the  FBI?  .  .  .  He
explained that he had to fill those papers because he was travelling with his
official  gun.  But  if  that  was  the  case,  why  did  he  not  have  any  regular  air
tickets?’ A member of MUFON, a police officer who joined the flight later,
confirmed to Martín that this was indeed a puzzling irregularity.

At  the  symposium,  Martín’s  lecture  focused  on  the  UFO  situation  in  El
Yunque, voicing his suspicion that ‘the US Government kept certain flying
saucer-type crafts there’ and that there might be ‘official US/alien contact in a
site  close  to  the  rain  forest:  Roosevelt  Roads  Naval  Air  Station’.  It  seems
Martín had touched a sensitive nerve. Prior to departure for Puerto Rico, he
learned  that  Walter  Andrus  Jr,  Director  of  MUFON,  had  held  a  lengthy
meeting with César Remus on the previous evening. Andrus asked Martín if
he knew Remus. ‘We told him we knew the man, but it was a real surprise to
us to know that Andrus had been talking in his room with the agent for “a
good part of the previous night”, as he had said.

‘At  that  point  Andrus  ordered  us  to  appoint  the  agent  as  MUFON’s
assistant  state  director  for  Puerto  Rico,  which  would  have  made  him  my
direct assistant. I asked Mr Andrus if he knew about the man’s job back in
Puerto Rico, and he answered: “Yes, he is an FBI agent. So what? Is there
any problem with that?”’ Back in Puerto Rico, Martín telephoned Andrus to
voice his objections.

We told him that, clearly, the mere fact of being an active federal agent did not exclude or disqualify
anyone from being a MUFON member . . . but we also explained that there had been harassment and
threats to witnesses in Puerto Rico, allegedly made by U.S. federal agents. Due to this, there was some
fear  pertaining  to  the  presence  of  federal  agents  in  the  presence  of  UFO  situations  .  .  .  We  also
explained  that  our  confidential  military  and  police  sources,  and  our  collaborators  in  different  fields,
would not trust us any more and would distance themselves from us, thus stopping the flow of data.

Andrus insisted on the appointment, prompting Martín’s resignation. A few
days later Remus phoned Martín, claiming that Andrus’s idea of appointing
him assistant state director was ‘absurd’. He nonetheless took over Martín’s
position as state director.

Remus  continued to  spread the  word that  Martín  and  he  were
collaborating, effectively sowing seeds of suspicion. ‘But what really alarmed
us’, said Martín, ‘was that we started receiving reports from our friends and
associates  that  the  agent  visited  them  and  asked  them  to  go  outside  their
homes and to his car.’

He opened the car’s trunk and showed them several guns, asking them to hold them in their hands and
examine them (carbines and automatic rifles), which unfortunately they did . . . some days later, the
agent visited our office and asked us to go outside with him [and] once at his car he opened its trunk
and showed us the guns, asking us to handle and examine them. We refused . . . To the best of our
knowledge, this behaviour by an active federal or FBI agent violates that agency’s regulations, unless
[there was] an official directive from the agency.

During this period Martín’s office was broken into. ‘The robbers only took
our computer, the secretary’s computer and the fax machine – nothing else,’
he reported. ‘This was rather strange, as our computers were small, old and
cheap models, and there were several other newer and more expensive ones
there,  as  well  as  an  expensive  laser  printer.  Were  the  robbers  common
criminals, or was it that “someone special” wanted to know what type of data
was in our computer?’

Even if an official operation had been underway, Remus’s conduct strikes
me  as  highly  unprofessional,  by  FBI  standards.  ‘Due  to  his  strange
behaviour,’ said Martín, ‘we consulted with several police specialists, as well
as  lawyers,  including  the  well-known  US  lawyer  Daniel  Sheehan.  They  all
expressed  the  same  opinion:  we  had  to  be  careful,  because  such  actions
seemed to imply that an operation was underway, maybe to fabricate a case
around us.’19


In March 1996 Chad Deetken, the Canadian investigator, spent a week in
Puerto  Rico  assessing  evidence for the  chupacabras, 
interviewing eyewitnesses, journalists, and several scientists and veterinarians. Through a
scientist  he  was  introduced  to  César  Remus,  who  asked  if  he  could
accompany  Deetken  to  act  as  interpreter  at  an  interview  with  Madelyn
Tolentino and her husband (Chapter 16). On the return to San Juan Remus
revealed  that  he  was  an  FBI  agent  and  showed  the  astonished  Deetken  his
photo  ID  and  badge.  A  black  bag  in  Remus’s  car  contained  a  bullet-proof
vest, gun and holster. ‘I swear,’ said Remus, ‘this is just a coincidence. I’m
really  interested  in  this  stuff  and  just  happen  to  be  working  for  the  FBI.’
Remus left Deetken at his hotel and the two arranged to meet the following
evening.  The  meeting  did  not  take  place,  Deetken  opting  instead  to
investigate the mutilation of three sheep earlier that day.

At the mutilation site Deetken, accompanied by a reporter, Eddie Deese,
members  of  the  local  Civil  Defence  and  others,  including  the  mayor  of
Canóvanas,  took  photographs  and  collected  blood  and  hair  samples  for
analysis  in  Canada.  Returning  from  the  site,  everyone  was  overcome  by
something noxious. ‘The irritant was rather debilitating, making it difficult to
breathe,’  Deetken  explained.  ‘We  scrambled  out  of  the  area  as  fast  as  we
could. Our throats were burning for some time after. The area was searched

by  the  Civil  Defence  a  second  time  next  morning  and  again,  severe  throat
irritation  was  experienced  .  .  .  Experiences  similar  to  this  are  frequently
reported in cases of chupacabras attacks.’ What happened later was equally
disturbing.

I got back to the hotel from the sheep case at 3 a.m. that night and went to bed exhausted. I had to fly
home that morning and needed some sleep. At 5.30 a.m., I was awoken by a terrible commotion next
door [of] several men pounding on the door of the suite next to me. I picked out the words ‘goddamned
Canadian’ in the midst of their cursing. They were also yelling ‘Police, police! Open up!’ and kicking
at the door. I managed a quick glimpse through the blinds and saw they were plainclothes officers. At
that point I realised I felt terribly ill, possibly from the noxious smell . . .20

Fortunately, Deetken had switched rooms days before, because the room next
door  was  too  noisy.  ‘I  thought  I  was  going  to  die,’  he  told  me.  ‘I  was
sweating  and  I  had  throbbing  headaches.  There  were  at  least  three  agents
involved. The owner of the hotel later claimed he didn’t know anything about
it,  although  it  would  have  been  impossible  for  him  not  to  have  heard  the
commotion in such a small hotel.’21

In the morning Remus phoned Deetken and asked if they could meet.

I said that wasn’t possible since I had to get to the airport right away. I made no mention of the night’s
events. He made some small talk and then started asking which airline I was flying with, what time my
plane departed, was I flying direct or did I have a stopover in the US, was I carrying any agricultural
products with me? I lied about everything.

I began to worry. I divided samples I took at the farm between my carry-on and check-in luggage
then proceeded to the airport, still not feeling well.

The  plane  made  its  way  to  the  end  of  the  runway  [and]  was  there  a  few  minutes  when  the  pilot
announced that there was an electronic problem and we would have to wait until it was repaired. A van
pulled up and several men entered the cargo hold . . . You could hear things being knocked around and
I was sure someone was about to pounce out of the hold, apprehend me and drag me off the plane. But
after an hour, the van left and the plane departed.

Upon  arriving  in  Vancouver,  I  anxiously  opened  my  suitcase.  The  contents  had  definitely  been
rearranged, but to my surprise, the plastic ziplock containing the samples was still in my dirty laundry
bag where I had put it.22

‘Remus had given me a phone number to get hold of him on my return to
Canada,’ Deetken told me. ‘That number was the FBI training headquarters
in Florida.’23

On 30 December 1997 the Puerto Rico Police arrested César Remus at a
shooting range he had set up in a wooded field in the municipality of Gurabo.
‘Hoist  with  his  own  petard’,  he  was  accused  of  owning  and  handling  non-registered
 automatic rifles and carbines which he had introduced illegally to
the island. At the preliminary court hearing, Remus faced seven charges, with
a  bail  of  $1000  per  charge,  which  was  reduced  to  only  10  per  cent  of  the
total. Neither Remus nor his legal adviser, also employed by the FBI, made
any comments to the media. The judgement, in the Judicial Court Center in
Caguas, took place on 2 March 1998. The FBI admitted that Remus worked
for the  agency  but  disavowed  responsibility  for  the  weapons  
and recommended  that  the  Puerto  Rican  Justice  Department  should  continue  to
press charges.24



THE AEROSTAT
There is another area in Puerto Rico where the existence of an alien liaison
with  US  military  forces  is  rumoured:  the  US  Air  Force  Tethered  Aerostat
(balloon)  Radar  Site  at  Lajas,  on  the  south-west  coast.  I  have  spoken  to  a
number  of  witnesses  who  claim  to  have  seen  all  manner  of  strange  flying
objects in the vicinity. While some reports seem credible, others do not. In
the early 1990s rumours about an alien base proliferated when a diagram was
supplied  to  Jorge  Martín  and  to  another  reporter  depicting  a  subterranean
base,  complete  with  flying  saucers  and  little  aliens,  beneath  the  radar  site.
The diagram was made by a man who claimed to have been taken to the ‘top-
secret  US/alien  facility’  by  a  tall,  human-type  alien,  during  an  ‘astral
projection’.25

Fascinating  as  they  may  be,  observations  obtained  during  an  astral
projection can hardly be considered reliable evidence. Nonetheless, rumours
persisted  about  the  aerostat  site,  including  claims  that  ‘NASA  personnel’
periodically visited the site in the middle of the night. Graham Sheppard and
I decided to investigate. In October 1998 we obtained permission from the
site  manager,  Joseph  Bohunko,  to  overfly  the  site.  This  we  did,  at  low
altitude, obtaining good photographs and video film. But more information
was needed. In January 1999 we asked Bohunko if we could visit the site. He
unhesitatingly agreed and a visit was arranged for 18 January.

We spent three hours at the site. Because originally we were preparing an
article about the aerostat operation for Aerospace International magazine, at
no time did either Graham or I mention our interest in UFOs. Only two areas
were  out  of  bounds:  the  operations  centre  (a  modest-sized  room)  and  the
aerostat winch pad, although we were assured that a visit to both might be
possible  in  the  future,  subject  to  permission  from  Air  Combat  Command
(ACC).

Jorge  Martín  claims  to  have  learned  from  a  confidential  source  that
whenever an unknown flying object registers on the aerostat’s radar system,
Puerto  Rican  technicians  are  ordered  to  leave  the  control  room.  This  is
unlikely.  Although  administered  by  the  US  Air  Force’s  ACC  Contract
Programs Squadron, we learned that the site is staffed and managed almost
exclusively by Puerto Ricans.

‘Construction of the site began in 1989,’ Bohunko told us.

We are not allowed to say how many people work here, but they’re all civilian contractors, and 99 per
cent of them are Puerto Rican. Most employees have been here for five years, and some have been here
longer. All  we  do is  manage  and  maintain the  equipment.  Our  command centre  is  Lockheed Martin
Corporation (Systems Support and Training Services) in Chesapeake, Virginia, and they liaise with our
client, the US Air Force, who provide the training.

Launching  and  recovering  the  aerostat  is  a  complex  and  demanding
procedure. The pre-flight checks, for example, take twice as long as that for a
Boeing 747. ‘There’s a lot that can go wrong,’ explained Bohunko. ‘The crew
is kept very busy: the aerostat, the winches, the tower, tether and cables can
all  be  damaged.  We’ve  lost  a  couple  of  aerostats  on  the  launch  tower.
Currently,  we’re  using  the  420K,  manufactured  by  ILC.  The  fabric  for  the
balloon alone costs around a million dollars.’

Although  previous  aerostats  used  at  the  site  went  up  to  15,000  feet,  the
420K  currently  in  use  is  typically  winched  no  higher  than  9300  feet.  ‘The
aerostat provides radar coverage for air traffic control and for drug smuggling
– we don’t do weather returns,’ Bohunko continued. ‘We provide an output
for San Juan [airport] only. At altitude, the radar gives a 360-degree view of
all aircraft. We tape for security reasons – archival purposes – we don’t do
any analysis here. Our bandwidth is classified.’

We asked about possible disturbances from the aerostat radar picked up by
the Arecibo radio telescope. ‘Our radar is a “jammer” for their very sensitive
equipment,’ conceded Bohunko. ‘They see our “spikes” because we’re in a
narrow frequency band. We take care not to interfere with them.’

Graham and I mentioned local rumours about a military presence on site
and periodic visits by military and NASA personnel. ‘No armed or uniformed
personnel are on site,’ Bohunko assured us, and neither were any in evidence
during  our  several  excursions  to  the  site  perimeter,  nor  during  our  visit.  In
fact,  we  were  impressed  by  the  very  informal  atmosphere.  ‘However,’
Bohunko continued, ‘the US Air Force can turn up at any time, unannounced.
They usually fly down from Chesapeake.’ Presumably the Air Force collects
the  tapes  for  a  variety  of  reasons.  As  to  NASA  personnel  visiting  the  site,
Bohunko told us there was simply no reason for them to do so. ‘We’re just
local on the information we provide here,’ he said.

‘There  have  been  stories  that  we  do  all  sorts  of  strange  stuff  here,’
Bohunko added. ‘Some guy even produced a diagram showing an alien base
underneath  the  site!  There’s  nothing  underneath  here  at  all.’26  Having
detected  not  the  slightest  evidence  to  the  contrary,  we  could  only  agree.
Which  is  not  to  discount  the  possibility  that  an  alien  base  exists  in  the
vicinity.

ALIEN BASE
In Alien Base, I recount the story of Carlos Mañuel Mercado, who claims to
have been taken in an alien craft to a base in the Sierra Bermeja, adjoining the
Laguna Cartagena, south-west Puerto Rico, in 1988. ‘As the craft approached
the  El  Cajúl  mountain,’  Mercado  told  me,  ‘I  saw  this  brilliant  light,
something opened up, and the craft went in there, through a sort of tunnel and
into a large cavern . . .’27

Another case involving a trip to an alleged alien base is recounted by Jorge
Martín. In 1980 Iván Rivera Morales, a Puerto Rican police officer, lay bedridden
 with rheumatic fever. Racked with pain and unable to move, he prayed
for a cure. Some nights later, the room filled with golden spheres of light. A
voice in his head told him not to be afraid, and the spheres materialized into
two four-foot-high beings – the typical ‘greys’. Suddenly, as in the case of
Carl  Higdon  (Chapter  15),  Morales  found  himself  inside  a  bizarre,
transparent contraption, standing up beside the beings, who placed a helmet
on his head, supposedly to facilitate communication. With a gentle hum, the
craft took off and Morales was transported at a fantastic speed to a point high
above Earth, then back to Puerto Rico – off the south-west coast. In a manner
similarly  described  by  Enrique  Castillo  (Chapter  6),  the  craft  dived  rapidly
toward the sea; ‘the waters separated and a sort of tube formed in it, a void
around the craft through which it went on descending to the depths’. Morales
describes  being  taken  to  an  underwater  mountain,  to  which  the  craft  was
admitted via a large sluice door that closed behind them, allowing the seawater
to drain slowly away.

Inside  the  dimly  lit  and  freezing-cold  base  were  other,  similar  beings.
Morales was given a bitter-tasting drink and placed on a metallic bed. The
next thing he knew, the beings had returned him to his house in Ponce. Three
hours had elapsed. Remarkably, though not completely cured, he no longer
suffered from the pain and deformity caused by his illness. Later, according
to  Martín’s  report,  Morales  recalled  further  details  typical  of  the  abduction
procedure, supposedly including the taking of samples such as semen, and a
bizarre mental ‘bonding’ with one of the beings, imbuing him with a great
sense of peace.28

Martín told me that although Morales later elaborated on his story when
fêted by ufologists, he believes the trip to an alien base essentially happened.
One reason for this belief stems perhaps from information provided to Martín
by a high-ranking US Navy officer, in the presence of witnesses. ‘We know
that  in  the  subsoil  of  the  south-west  of  Puerto  Rico  there  is  an  enormous
subterranean facility, which extends under the sea as far as the Isle of Mona,’
Martín  was  told.  (Mona  Island,  which  is  uninhabited,  lies  in  the  Mona
Passage, 45 miles to the west of Cabo Rojo.) ‘It is a base of “something” or
“someone” that is  not  from  here, that  appears to  be  something  “extraterrestrial”.  
We  have  been  following  and  watching  the  situation  for
many years and we know that they are down there . . .’29



THE ARECIBO CONNECTION
Yet  another  site  in  Puerto  Rico  which  has  given  rise  to  rumours  of  a  top-
secret US–alien alliance is the Arecibo Observatory, now part of the National
Astronomy  and  Ionosphere  Center,  operated  by  Cornell  University  (Ithaca,
New  York)  under  a  co-operative  agreement  with  the  National  Science
Foundation.  Set  amid  the  limestone  hills  of  north-west  Puerto  Rico,  the
world’s  largest  and  most  sensitive  radar  and  radio  telescope  has  been  used
since 1963 by thousands of scientists. About three-quarters of the observing
time  is  assigned  to  radio  astronomy:  receiving,  detecting,  amplifying  and
recording  electromagnetic  radio  signals  produced  by  distant  astronomical
objects, e.g. pulsars (rapidly rotating neutron stars which emit strong, pulsed
radio waves); different types of stars; interstellar clouds in which new stars
are born; and galaxies and quasars (quasi-stellar radio sources, apparently the
central  regions  of  young  galaxies  within  which  a  tiny  volume  of  matter

During my second visit to the observatory, in January 1999 together with
Graham  Sheppard,  I  interviewed  Dr  José  Alonso,  the  observatory’s
educational  officer.  ‘Around  200  to  300  projects  are  carried  out  here  each
year,’  Dr  Alonso  began.  ‘At  the  moment,  most  of  the  research  time  is
allocated  to  atmospheric  research.  SETI  [the  Search  for  Extra-Terrestrial
Intelligence]  gets  only  about  five  per  cent  of  research  time.  This  includes
Project Phoenix, conducted by the SETI Institute, and SERENDIP III, a SETI
programme run by the University of Berkeley, California.’

Currently, Project Phoenix searches are in a bank of frequencies between
one  and  three  GHz,  divided  into  2000  million  independent  channels.
Telescopes involved are aimed at the nearest sun-like stars. By the end of the
year 2000, one thousand such star systems will have been covered.

‘Are any classified projects conducted here?’ I asked.
‘No classified studies go on here,’ Dr Alonso assured us. ‘This is a civilian
institute. Data belongs to the scientists; we cannot control that. It is available
to all and is supposed to be shared for the advancement of science. Twenty
scientists  work  here  on  a  permanent  basis,  as  well  as  another  twenty  high-
level technical staff. The rest are maintenance staff. The US Navy also comes
here periodically.’

‘Regarding the SETI projects, what about interference from local sources
releases an enormous amount of energy).30

which could give rise to confusion?’ I enquired.

‘If it’s localized, it usually tends to be periodic, or a periodicity of a typical
radar, such as AWACS [Airborne Warning and Control System],’ Dr Alonso
replied.  ‘The  US  Navy  has  combined  military  exercises  which  sometimes
cause  radio  emission  problems.  The  aerostat  is  a  very  fixed  frequency:  we
can filter it out or block it out. When we have our radar on, we become the
most powerful transmitter on Earth. We use different frequencies, depending
on  the  application;  for  example,  when  doing  radar  astronomy  involving
planets in the solar system.’

‘As you may be aware,’ I remarked, ‘many people in Puerto Rico claim to
have  had  actual  encounters  with  alien  beings.  They  wonder  if  anything
strange  is  going  on  here.  It  does  seem  somewhat  paradoxical  that  SETI
projects search for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence sometimes thousands
of  light  years  away,  when,  if  these  local  reports  are  to  be  believed,  that
intelligence is already operating on your own doorstep.’

‘A  lot  of  people  think  we  deal  with  the  alien  phenomenon,’  Dr  Alonso
responded frankly.

This is a complicated issue. Sometimes I think it’s military experiments. There are people who say this
is a US Government cover-up. Listen, the US Government can’t prevent, let’s say, a Chinese scientist
from stealing secrets!31

As to aliens, it’s a question of belief. People like to believe we’re not alone, but we scientists have a
way of doing things. Statistically though, there has to be something. Data tell me they exist. There are
between 200 to 400 billion stars in our galaxy, and ten per cent of them are of the same type as our sun.
If  they  exist,  it’s  only  a  matter  of  time  and  technology.  I  think  we’re  going  to  be  intercepting  their
communications with each other – they’re not going to send us some message! And it could take years
to understand those communications.32

As the late Carl Sagan put it, ‘a civilization very much more advanced than
we will be engaged in a busy communications traffic with its peers; but not
with us, and not via technologies accessible to us’.33

Ironically, sightings of unusual craft and beings have been reported in the
vicinity  of  the  radio  observatory  itself.  Jorge  Martín  describes  reports  by
several independent witnesses in Hato Viejo, in 1991–2, who claim to have
seen  a  huge  disc,  and  later  on  the  same  night,  not  far  from  the  radio
observatory,  three  triangular-shaped  objects.  Others  have  reported  craft
directly  above  the  observatory,  including  a  large  boomerang-shaped  object
‘hanging’  above  the  radio  telescope,  and  a  large,  dazzling  object  which
hovered above a security officer checking one of the three support towers.

Another  case  reported  by  Martín  provides  further  evidence  of  a  liaison
between  different  types  of  alien  beings.  One  night  in  1981,  Gertrudis
Mendoza  of  Dominguito  and  her  daughters  encountered  a  large,  brilliant,
circular object, 20 feet away on the side of a road, ‘suspended’ about three
feet in the air. Three beings on the ground appeared to be examining the craft.
One was about three feet high, with a large, bald head, while the other two
were taller and quite different. ‘They were of human type,’ Señora Mendoza
stressed.

Many  local  residents  believe  that  scientists  at  the  observatory  have
established communications with aliens.34

AN ALIEN ALLIANCE?
Early one evening in the beginning of March 1997, ‘Carmina’ (as I shall call
her), an insurance broker qualified in clinical psychology and specializing in

medical malpractice cases, was working alone late in her office just below the
top  floor  of  a  well-known  building  in  the  Hato  Rey  district  of  San  Juan.
‘Everybody who enters after 6.30 p.m. has to sign in and out,’ Carmina told
Jorge  Martín  and  me.  ‘We  had  the  office  door  locked.  The  cleaner  was
working in a different office. I usually always leave between 6.30 and 7.30
p.m. Suddenly, at about that time, this guy knocked on the door.’

‘The  office  is  closed,’  Carmina  told  the  stranger.  ‘Please  come  back
tomorrow.’ In English, the man explained that he just wanted to talk with her.
He also spoke Spanish well, although with a strong, guttural accent, possibly
German or Czech. ‘I just came here to tell you to tell your daughter that there
is a military operation in El Yunque,’ he insisted. ‘There is a big base there.’
(Carmina’s daughter, a television reporter, had made some investigations into
the alien phenomenon in EI Yunque, about which she had spoken on Channel
4 a few days earlier.)

‘I asked him why he was telling me that,’ said Carmina, ‘and he replied
that he couldn’t talk with her directly.’

I  asked  him  whether  he  worked  for  a  government  agency,  but  he  said  he  couldn’t  tell  me  anything
about that. ‘I just want you to tell your daughter that she should keep investigating what is going on and
get it out to the public,’ he said. He also mentioned that Jorge Martín, who knew my daughter, was
being watched by American intelligence people and that I was to get that message to him; he couldn’t
visit him in person because he himself was being watched. He said my daughter would be all right.
When he came into the office, he saw that I was having a problem with my lap-top computer. I told him
I couldn’t fix it because I was tired out. ‘What you need is more practice,’ he said. All of a sudden, he
went close to it – he didn’t touch it – and it began blinking. Was it something he was wearing? Then he
touched it, went to Windows 95 in seconds and showed me what to do. I don’t know what he did to it.

He didn’t have a card but he gave me his name and said he was part of a team and that he worked at
the Arecibo Observatory. At least, that’s what he implied; he had to be someone who knows all about
that  place.  He  said  that  although  allegedly  just  astronomical  work  was  done  there,  they  were
investigating other things that the public didn’t know about that had nothing to do with astronomy. He
also said there was an investigation into aliens going on at El Yunque. He said there was a big base
there,  that  they  were  investigating  people  from  another  planet  who  live  there.  Once  someone  finds
them, he said, they’ll never come out – ‘they’ have taken people away.

I  flew  as  a  flight  attendant  with  Pan  Am  for  nearly  20  years,  and  I  had  the  feeling  that  he  was
German or Czech and asked him if he came from one of those countries. ‘No, no,’ he replied. He spoke
very  calmly.  He  was  very  smartly  dressed,  with  beige,  European  pants,  a  light-beige,  short-sleeved,
open-neck shirt and sandals. He was over six feet tall and slim, with suntanned skin and light-brown
hair. He looked no more than 38 years old and was quite normal apart from his very long fingers, lack
of facial stubble or hair on his arms and chest, and especially his eyes. They were larger than normal,
and I’ve never seen such a colour before, a sort of lilac colour. I’m sure he wasn’t wearing contact
lenses. I shall never forget his beautiful eyes, which I can compare to those of Carmina Domenicci [a
reporter for  Channel  4]. There  was  nothing  effeminate about  him:  his  manners and  voice  were  very
masculine.

‘You must have studied to become a doctor,’ I said, ‘you have such long fingers.’ He just laughed.
‘I’m not here to answer any questions, I’m just here to give you some information,’ he said. I think he
was sincere and concerned. It seemed to me he wasn’t human, and he implied that he himself was an
alien, collaborating with the US Government. He knew everything about me and about my ex-husband,
where I lived, and so on.

When he left, I didn’t see which way he went. I’m on the 15th floor and he didn’t take one of the six
elevators – I would have heard the bell sound – and the cleaner was cleaning the floor by the elevators
and she didn’t see him either. My door is right by the exit to the stairs, but there’s no way he could have
got out there without the security guards opening it. After 6.30 p.m. security is tight here: everyone has
to sign in and sign out, and we have guards on each floor. In the main entrance lobby the guard there
did not see him arrive or leave. On my floor the female guard saw him go into my office, but not out.

After that, I came home. I was scared to death and my daughter said I looked very pale. I told her
what  had  happened,  but  she  thought  it  was  just  some  crazy  person.  It  took  me  about  two  days  to
recover. I couldn’t sleep, going over it all in my mind, and I was kind of confused . . .35

Carmina seemed sincere, down-to-earth and matter-of-fact. The latter quality
struck me particularly while we chatted about her career as a flight attendant
with Pan Am. She casually mentioned that she had been one of the few to
survive  the  world’s  worst  air  disaster,  which  occurred  on  27  March  1977,
when a Boeing 747 of KLM collided on take-off with a Pan Am 747 taxiing
on  the  runway  at  Tenerife  in  the  Canary  Islands.  Five  hundred  and  eighty
three people were killed.

Carmina  had  no  interest  in  the  alien  phenomenon  prior  to  this  incident,
thus  her  description  of  the  visitor  intrigued  me,  not  least  because  she
corroborates certain details that are mentioned in some other cases of contact
with human-type aliens, such as the long fingers and large, strange-coloured
eyes. In Alien Liaison, for example, I cite the case of Dr Leopoldo Díaz, a
pediatrics  and  anaesthesia  specialist  from  Guadalajara,  Mexico,  who
medically examined a man claiming to be of extraterrestrial origin. Dr Díaz
noted that the colour of the man’s eyes was difficult to describe, ‘like violet’,
and  that  the  iris  was  wider  than  normal.  Like  Carmina’s  visitor,  the  man
disappeared mysteriously on leaving the doctor’s office.36 Carmina had not
read my book.

Whatever  his  origin  and  nature,  Carmina’s  office  visitor  seems  to  have
been of benefit to her. At the time of the encounter she had a large cyst on her
left breast. Later, X-rays showed no sign of it.37

Aliens who communicate with us personally in our own homes or offices,
rather  than  via  radio  messages  transmitted  from  light  years  away,  remain
scientifically  unacceptable.  Yet  personal  contact  appears  to  be  a  favoured
modus operandi.

Reports of a positive nature involving encounters with human-type aliens
have decreased in recent years. But if true, what Carmina was told implies a
continuing,  if  limited,  alliance  with  a  selected  few  in  the  military  and
scientific intelligence community.

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Interview, Río Grande, 11 April 1998.
2. Ross, Karl, ‘Death at Navy Bombing Range Resonates Through Puerto Rico’, Washington Post, 19 August 1999.
3. Interview, El Yunque, 11 April 1998.
4. Martín, Jorge, ‘El Yunque and its Enigmas’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 16, 1998, pp. 21–2, translated by Margaret Barling.
5. Interview, El Yunque, 11 April 1998.
6. Martín, Jorge, ‘UFOs Escorted by Mysterious “Military” Men in Black’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 13, 1997, pp. 3–6.
7. Martín, Jorge, ‘El Yunque and its Enigmas’, p. 24.
8. Martín, Jorge, ‘Disappearances of People on El Yunque Mountain’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 7, 1996, pp. 33–4.
9. Interview, San Juan, 5 September 1997.
10. Ibid.
11. Letter, 29 September 1999.
12. Interview, El Yunque, 19 October 1998.
13. Interview, San Juan, 5 September 1997.
14. Letter, 24 September 1999.
15. Letter to the author, 7 October 1999.
16. Letter to the author, 29 November 1999.
17. Letter to the author, 20 December 1999.
18. Letter to the author, 24 January 2000.
19. Open letter from Jorge Martín, 1998.
20. Deetken, Chad, ‘Chupacabras: Mystery or Hysteria?’, supplied to the author.
21. Interview, 10 February 2000.
22. Deetken, op. cit.
23. Interview, 10 February 2000.
24. Open letter from Jorge Martín, 1998.
25. Copy of diagram and accompanying details supplied to the author by Jorge Martín.
26. Interview, US Air Force Tethered Aerostat Radar Site, Lajas, 18 January 1999.
27. Good, Timothy, Alien Base pp. 398–9.
28. Martín, Jorge, ‘Healed by “ETs” in Puerto Rico’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 42, no. 3, 1997, pp. 18–22, translated by Gordon Creighton from Evidencia OVNI, no. 3.
29. Martín, Jorge, ‘Strange UFO events in Lajas’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 11, 1996, p. 46.
30. Arecibo Observatory: National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center, Office of Communication Strategies and Office of Publication Services, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, 1998.
31. Dr Alonso was referring to the case of Wen Ho Lee, a Chinese physicist who in the late 1990s was accused of stealing top-secret design data for a nuclear warhead from Los Alamos National Laboratories.
32. Interview, Arecibo Observatory, 13 January 1999.
33. Sagan, Carl (ed.), Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI), The MIT Press, Cambridge, Massachusetts, and London, 1973, p. 366.
34. Martín, Jorge, ‘Are UFOs watching the U.S. Radio Astronomical Observatory at Arecibo?’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 44, no. 4, Winter 1999, pp. 23–5, translated by Gordon Creighton from Evidencia OVNI, no. 17, 1998.
35. Interview, San Juan, 28 November 1997.
36. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison, pp. 74–6.
37. Interview, 28 November 1997.


================================================================================
Chapter 18. Resident Aliens

In 1995 I was introduced to a senior reporter in Washington, DC, who has
provided me with information pertaining to the alien presence, which he in
turn obtained from a senior US Air Force officer. My source, whom I shall
call  ‘John’,  is  a  US  Army  Intelligence  veteran,  a  highly  respected  author,
magazine editor and correspondent, a career reporter currently specializing in
aerospace journalism. John’s name is known to Lord Hill-Norton, who can
also vouch for his impeccable credentials.

Although he has a long-standing interest in the UFO subject, dating back to
his army days in the 1950s, John is not a ‘believer’ as such. ‘I’m receptive
and open-minded, and approach all this as a reporter,’ he emphasizes. Over
the years, John has protected the identity of his source, incorporating some
false details about his background. What seems certain is that he worked at
the Pentagon in the USAF Air Staff and Joint Staff. In 1986 he approached
John. ‘I knew my source before he began telling me all this,’ stressed John.
‘It certainly sounded pretty far out to me, and of course, I was sceptical.’

Acutely  aware,  as  a  reporter,  that  he  might  be  the  target  of  Pentagon
disinformation,  John  concedes  nonetheless  that  the  officer  seemed  serious
about  the  alien  presence.  ‘He  told  me  that  others  in  the  media  and
entertainment industry had been approached too, including Steven Spielberg,
though he himself was not dealing with that side of it. He didn’t meet anyone
else in the news business.’ Meetings took place over a two-year period.

DOWN TO EARTH
According to the officer, aliens have been coming to Earth for a very long
time. Following the Second World War, they began to establish permanent
bases here, in Australia, the Caribbean, the Pacific Ocean, the Soviet Union
and  in  the  United  States.  By  that  time,  the  officer  explained,  a  number  of
alien craft had crashed and had been recovered, together with bodies, by the
military.  Initially,  these  were  taken  to  Wright-Patterson  Air  Force  Base  in
Dayton, Ohio, then later to Homestead AFB in Florida.

It is worth mentioning here that, in 1958, Dr Olavo Fontes, a respected and
credible investigator, learned from Brazilian Navy intelligence officers that,
up  to  that  date,  ‘six  flying  disks  already  crashed  on  this  earth  and  were
captured  and  taken  apart  by  military  forces  and  scientists  of  the  countries
involved – under the most rigid and ruthless security restrictions’.

One of those disks crashed in the Sahara desert but was too much destroyed to be of some use. Three
others crashed in the United States, two of them in very good condition. The fifth crashed somewhere
in the British Isles, and the last one came down in one of the Scandinavian countries: these two were
almost undamaged too . . . In all of them were found bodies of members of their crews. They were
‘little men’ and ranged in height from about 32 to 46 inches. They were dead in all cases . . .1

Regarding  the  Air  Force  officer’s  reference  to  Homestead  AFB,  the  well-
known comedian and musician, Jackie Gleason, who was a UFO enthusiast,
claimed  to  have  been  shown  alien  bodies  at  Homestead,  as  I  described  in
Alien Liaison. According to Gleason’s second wife, Beverly McKittrick, her
husband came home one night in 1973, visibly shaken, explaining that he had
just returned from Homestead where, thanks to his friend, President Richard
Nixon, he had been taken to a top-secret repository where alien bodies were
stored.2

According to the Air Force officer the alien creatures had ‘insect-like eyes,
like  an  inverted  tear-drop’.  Supposedly,  two  creatures  who  had  survived  a
crash,  or  crashes,  were  killed  by  an  Air  Force  policeman  outside  Kirtland
AFB, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. This provoked a phenomenal response
by the deceased creatures’ colleagues, who demonstrated the ease with which
they  could  control  local  weather.  Communications  were  established.  The
aliens  insisted  on  the  return  of  the  two  corpses  and  contact  with  the  US
military, represented by an Air Force major, allegedly was initiated in the late
1940s, in the south-west desert.

PERCEPTION MANAGEMENT
I  first  heard  stories  similar  to  these  in  the  early  1980s,  most  of  which
originated with the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI). Thus it
was  of  interest  to  learn  that,  according  to  the  officer,  by  the  late  1980s,  at
least a hundred OSI personnel had knowledge – in varying degrees – about
the alien presence.

Currently headquartered at Andrews AFB, Maryland, the OSI was founded
in  1948  and  patterned  after  the  FBI.  In  1998,  its  personnel  included  430
officers, of which 385 are special agents; 1047 enlisted, including 714 special
agents;  422  civilians,  including  224  special  agents;  and  439  Reserve
individual mobilization augmentees, 397 of whom are special agents.3 OSI’s
main  duties  are  counter  intelligence  and  criminal  investigations  and
operations,  sometimes  including  deception,  referred  to  euphemistically  as
‘special  plans’.  The  OSI  has  a  long  history  of  involvement  in  UFO
investigations.  In  1998  I  was  invited  to  discuss  the  UFO  subject  at  the
Defense  Airborne  Reconnaissance  Office  (DARO)  in  the  Pentagon.  Major
General  Kenneth  Israel,  then  director  of  DARO,  told  me  that,  if  any
organization  was  currently  involved  in  UFO  investigations,  it  most  likely
would be the OSI.4

In spite of the likelihood of disinformation, or ‘perception management’,
which  invariably  includes  some  factual  information,  much  of  what  the  Air
Force source disclosed is new and, to say the least, interesting.

UNITED STATES BASES
John’s  source  claimed  that  bases  within  the  continental  United  States  were
sited in Alaska, New Mexico and West Virginia. George Adamski, the first
person  to  claim  publicly  to  have  met  extraterrestrial  beings  and  the  first  to
state that aliens had established bases on Earth, remarked in a private letter
that he had learned from a marine engineer in Alaska that spacecraft landed
on  a  regular  basis  in  a  certain  area  in  that  state.  The  unnamed  engineer
claimed to have seen humanoid beings there, varying from three to six and a
half  feet  in  height.5  As  I  have  shown  in  Alien  Base,  many  of  Adamski’s
claims cannot be dismissed.

Regarding  the  alleged  alien  base  in  New  Mexico,  the  officer  stated
categorically  that  this  was  sited  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Manzano  Weapons
Storage Area, in the Manzano Mountains, close to Kirtland AFB. In previous
books  I  have  alluded  to  incidents  involving  intrusions  by  unknown  aerial
craft  at  Manzano,  in  areas  where  nuclear  weapons  are  kept  and  inspected.
Reports of some of these incidents have been released under provisions of the
Freedom of Information Act.6,7

The  base  in  West  Virginia  was  said  by  the  officer  to  be  located  in  the
mountainous,  heavily  forested  Monongahela  National  Forest  in  the  farthest
northern  part  of  Pocahontas  County,  some  225  miles  south-west  of
Washington,  DC.  The  approximate  centre  of  the  base  was  given  as  about
eight  statute  miles  north-north-east  of  Durbin,  WV.  In  1987  John  drove
around the area, which appeared exactly as his source described it to him. He
found no evidence of anything unusual. Neither did another investigator, who
explored the area in 1998 on my behalf, interviewing several local residents,
including a police officer, none of whom could recall any unusual activity,
including UFO sightings, in the area. According to John’s source, the base
was ‘vacated’ in 1988, yet the constable, a man in his forties, had lived in the
immediate  area  all  his  life  and  often  hunted  wild  game  with  his  dog,
sometimes camping overnight inside the forest area said to contain the alien
base. He had never experienced any phenomena suggesting UFOs or an alien
presence, neither had anyone else he knew in the community.

Of  incidental  interest,  taking  into  account  rumours  associated  with  the
Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, 15 miles to the south of the alleged base
is the National Radio Astronomy Observatory at Green Bank, where Project
Ozma, the first SETI initiative, began in 1960. Green Bank is located slightly
south-west of the centre of the only federally legislated National Radio Quiet
Zone  in  the  US,  a  13,000-square-mile  area  established  to  protect  the
observatory – and a classified Navy facility about 30 miles to the east of it –
from signals that interfere with radio telescopes and other sensitive electronic
equipment.8

EXCAVATION, VACATION AND REACTIVATION
The  bases  were  said  to  be  constructed  by  the  aliens  using  their  craft  as
‘boring’  machines,  allegedly  with  some  assistance  from  the  military.  ‘My
source said the aliens were capable of excavating to astounding depths,’ John
told  me.  Interestingly,  Rubens  Villela,  the  Brazilian  scientist,  informed  me
that  in  1978  the  aliens  he  communicated  with  required  a  base  in  Ibituruna
Mountain,  Minas  Gerais  State,  supposedly  for  some  of  their  craft  and  for
obtaining  certain  minerals.  With  Villela  acting  as  an 
intermediary,
authorization  from  the  owner  of  the  land  was  granted  to  use  a  35-metre-
square  area  where  the  aliens  intended  to  excavate  to  depths  of  160  to  260
kilometres! ‘I protested that the depth was unbelievable, that we on Earth had
only dug to 10 kilometres,’ said Villela.

‘But  you  yourself  recognize  that  your  technology  is  somewhat  behind
ours,’ came the response.9

Earth’s crust (the lithosphere) is only about seven kilometres thick beneath
the oceans and up to eighty kilometres thick in the continents, below which
lies the upper mantle (the asthenosphere). Presumably, alien technology can
deal with the high temperatures and molten rock found at such depths.

The  US  Army  was  charged  with  guarding  a  number  of  the  bases.  ‘The
aliens are there doing their own thing,’ claimed the Air Force officer. ‘We’re
there to keep them secure.’ All the bases, worldwide, are allegedly ‘vacated’
at  periodic  intervals,  usually  after  no  more  than  six  months,  then  later
returned to and ‘reactivated’. Although the officer did not give a location for
the Caribbean base, in my opinion it is Puerto Rico.

PACIFIC OCEAN BASES
I asked John if the Air Force officer had revealed any clue as to the location
of the two Pacific bases, said to be the largest on our planet. ‘I think he said
one was about half-way between California and Hawaii,’ he replied, ‘but he
seemed to waver on that point. I had the impression that the other was in the
South Pacific.’ Interestingly, another military reporter I know claims to have
knowledge relating to an alien base in the Hawaii area. I also learned from a
further source about the alleged existence of a base in the Marshall Islands.
Although  these  islands,  like  the  Hawaiian  Islands,  are  located  in  the  North
Pacific, rather than in the South Pacific Ocean, the following story may be
relevant, particularly since disinformation about the actual location of bases
seems to be the name of the game.

Harold  (Hal)  Starr  was  a  pioneering  UFO  researcher  and  Arizona  State
Director of the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), who wrote and spoke on
over 500 daily syndicated radio programmes on the subject, heard in seven
English-speaking countries. On 13 January 1990, Hal told me, he was on the
air  with  his  amateur  radio  equipment  when  he  heard  a  call  from  a  very
familiar place, Kwajalein, in the Republic of the Marshall Islands. As a US
Army radio officer in the Second World War, Hal’s first post overseas had
been to Kwajalein, so he immediately responded. Because of the supposedly
sensitive  nature  of  what  was  revealed  by  this  operator  and  another  radio
‘ham’,  real  names  will  not  be  given.  Both  hold  doctorates  and  work  for  a
major  aerospace  firm  and  a  well-known  think-tank.  For  purposes  of
identification, the first radio operator is referred to as ‘Bill’ and the second as
‘Allen’. I have proof of the true identity of both these individuals, if not of
their background.

After establishing a rapport, Hal asked Bill what he was doing in such a
remote place. Bill responded that he had a doctorate in a specialized field of
physics and worked there on some advanced equipment in his capacity as a
research and development scientist. He claimed his work was so bizarre and
complicated that it would not be believed; that it defied basic laws of physics,
and  went  on  to  say  that  there  were  several  large  American  companies
employed  at  Kwajalein  and  operating  under  top-secret  conditions.  (Almost
certainly, Raytheon was the company that employed him.) He explained that
he was not at liberty to be too specific, having taken a security oath. Aware
that work on a project known as the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI, or ‘Star
Wars’)  was  under  way  somewhere  in  the  Pacific  Ocean  at  that  time,  Hal
asked Bill if that was his line of work. He replied that this was only part of
the activity at the base.10

Between 1946 and 1958 the US conducted some 66 nuclear bomb tests in
the Marshall Islands. In 1959 the Kwajalein Missile Range was established.
‘All  of  our  high-tech  strategic  systems  have  some  relationship  to  the
Kwajalein facility,’ said a Pentagon spokesman in 1985. ‘If we didn’t have
Kwajalein  we  wouldn’t  be  able  to  test  such  long-range  stuff  over  open,
largely uninhabited areas of the earth’s surface.’11 Currently, Kwajalein is the
only  US  range  capable  of  testing  all  classes  of  ballistic  missiles  and  has
tracked launches from sites such as Vandenberg Air Force Base in California,
4300  miles  distant,  and  the  Pacific  Missile  Facility  in  Hawaii,  2400  miles
away.  Raytheon  Range  Systems  Engineering  is  responsible  for  Integrated
Range  Engineering  and  Kwajalein  Logistics  Support,  employing  a  total  of
more  than  2300  Raytheon  people.  Located  on  Roi-Namur  in  the  Kwajalein
Atoll  are  probably  the  world’s  most  sophisticated  radar  systems,  spanning
nearly the entire frequency range. ‘These systems essentially track, identify
and  describe  the  activities  of  missiles  and  other  objects  in  space,’  reports
Dick Sherman of Raytheon.12

 

Figure 28. A map of the Pacific Ocean showing Kwajalein in the Republic of the Marshall Islands.

 

Bill went on to tell Hal that his field of specialized work had been moved
to Kwajalein from Nevada. Hal assumed that ‘Nevada’ referred to the Nellis
Air Force Base Test Range (including Groom Lake, or ‘Area 51’), where it is
rumoured that captured alien spacecraft have been ‘reverse engineered’ and
test-flown (see Alien Liaison). Hal himself had learned from a USAF colonel
that the Americans had been attempting to replicate alien propulsion systems
for many years. ‘It was obvious that Bill didn’t want to talk, or couldn’t talk,
about  his  work,’  Hal  remarked,  ‘but  when  asked  “Why  Kwajalein?”,  he
responded  that  it  was  much  easier  for  the  US  Navy  to  maintain  security
around the island than had been the case in Nevada where, he said, people
were always snooping around. Bill said that much of the research equipment
and  personnel  had  been  secretly  sneaked  out  right  under  the  eyes  of  the
snoopers.’ At this point, aware that Hal was prying, Bill indicated that he had
to sign off.

On  11  March  1990  Hal  communicated  with  ‘Allen’,  the  other  radio
operator  who  worked  at  Kwajalein.  ‘Pressed  for  additional  information  on
activities there,’ said Hal, ‘Allen was obviously hesitant to get specific about
any  activities  or  geography  involving  other  islands  in  the  Kwajalein  Atoll.
Finally,  when  questioned  about  certain  activities,  he  said,  “I  can’t  tell  you
anything  about  that”.  During  his  last  communication,  some  while  later,  he
said: “I must be very careful what I say, because our little friends might take
offense, and we certainly don’t want that to happen . . .”’13

Intriguing  as  they  may  be,  there  is  little  in  these  communications  to
substantiate the existence of an alleged alien base in Kwajalein. Hal Starr, an
experienced investigator, nonetheless believed that this was implied. Sadly,
he died of cancer in March 1998.

The Strategic Defense Initiative (currently known as the ‘missile-defence
shield’) is often rumoured to be a cover for a top-secret defence system to
counter the alien threat. According to the Air Force officer, this was not the
case. Regarding the Pacific Ocean, however, he claimed that the aliens posed
a threat to the environment because they were ‘messing around with tectonic
plates’. ‘Also,’ John told me, ‘he said that the presence of the alien ships in
our  oceans  was  causing  –  or  at  least  contributing  to  –  the  warming  of  the
waters.  He  didn’t  say  why,  exactly.’  Supposedly,  the  aliens  had  been
requested by those few in the military who had access to them to vacate their
undersea bases. The request was ignored. j327

AUSTRALIA BASE
John’s source disclosed that an alien base was located at, or near, Pine Gap,
15  miles  from  Alice  Springs,  in  Australia’s  Northern  Territory.  America’s
most secret facility in Australia, Pine Gap is a Joint Defense Space Research
Facility  sponsored  by  both  the  American  and  the  Australian  defence
departments. Established by the Central Intelligence Agency in 1966 and run
jointly by the National Reconnaissance Office and National Security Agency
(NSA),  it  serves  principally  as  a  downlink  site  for  reconnaissance  and
surveillance satellites. In Alien Liaison I cite the 1989 report by three hunters
who claim to have witnessed a ‘camouflaged door open up in the grounds of
the base and a metallic circular disk ascend vertically and soundlessly into the
air before disappearing at great speed’. I also alluded to the claim by one of
my most reliable sources that an alien base existed at an unspecified location
in  Australia.14  This  information  was  first  published  in  1991,  several  years
after the officer mentioned Pine Gap to John.

On one occasion, the Air Force officer himself claims to have seen craft
and met two of the beings, at or near Pine Gap. I have not been given any
details. In this connection, I am reminded of the information given to George
Adamski,  as  long  ago  as  1949,  by  a  government  scientist  and  former
commanding  officer  in  the  Chilean  Air  Force,  who  claimed  that  a  large
‘space  laboratory’,  1400  miles  from  Sydney,  had  been  in  operation  since
1948,  and that  ‘space  ships  could  be landing there  [and 
that]  a communication  system  could  be  going  on  through  this  laboratory  between
earthmen and spacemen’.15 Pine Gap is about 1250 miles from Sydney. As
revealed  in  Alien  Base,  Adamski  held  a  US  Government  Ordnance
Department identification card which gave him access to military bases, and
he  had  regular  meetings  with  military  contacts  who  passed  him  sensitive
information.


It  is  also  of  incidental  interest  to  note  some  circumstantial  evidence
provided by the late Patrick Price, an exceptionally gifted psychic employed
by  a  CIA  contractor  in  the  1970s.  According  to  Captain  Frederick  H.
Atwater,  a  retired  US  Army  officer  also  involved  at  the  time  in  highly
classified  ‘remote  viewing’  experiments  for  the  CIA  and  the  Defense
Intelligence  Agency,  as  well  as  for  the  Army’s  Intelligence  and  Security

Command,  Price  had  remotely  viewed  four  alien  bases  on  Earth,  one  of
which  was  located  under  Mount  Ziel,  Northern  Territory.  Mount  Ziel  lies
some 80 miles west-northwest of Pine Gap. Price believed the base contained
a mixture of ‘personnel’ from the other bases, one purpose being to ‘transport
new recruits, with an overall monitoring function’. The other bases were said
to be under Mount Perdido in the Pyrenees, Mount Inyangani in Zimbabwe,
and,  coincidentally,  in  Alaska,  under  Mount  Hayes.  Price  described  the
occupants as ‘looking like homo sapiens, except for the lungs, heart, blood
and eyes’.16,17

TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER
According  to  the  Air  Force  officer,  the  alien  craft  used  a  form  of
electromagnetic propulsion, taking advantage of the Earth’s magnetic field.18
They were capable of faster-than-light speeds (presumably for interplanetary
travel).  It  is  pertinent  to  compare  the  officer’s  comments  about  alien
propulsion  with  the  information  provided  by  Brazilian  Navy  intelligence
officers, in 1958, to Dr Olavo Fontes:

Examination of instruments and devices found aboard these disks showed that they are propelled by an
extremely powerful electromagnetic field. Evidence shows it is a rotating and oscillating high-voltage
electromagnetic  field.  Such  a  kind  of  field  obviously  produces  some  type  of  gravity  effect  not  yet
understood  .  .  .  Unfortunately,  the  more  important  problem  was  not  solved:  how  these  fields  were
produced and what was the source of the tremendous amount of electric energy released through these
fields.  No  clues  were  found  in  any  of  the  disks  examined.  Apparently  they  got  their  power  from
nowhere. There is, on the other hand, evidence that the large UFOs use some type of atomic engine, as
[the] power-source suggests that they are able to transmit electric power through radio beams as we
now send it through wires. Some of the devices found inside of the small disks could well serve to
receive and to concentrate the electric power [in] this way.19

George  Adamski,  who  claimed  to  have  travelled  on  board  both  small  and
large  alien  craft,  learned  that  electromagnetic  and  electrostatic  forces  were
employed in the propulsion system of these particular smaller craft. Within
Earth’s  atmosphere,  he  was  told,  the  discs  ‘travel  along  the  planet’s  geo-
magnetic  lines  of  force’,20  as  partially  corroborated  by  the  officer.  The
smaller  discs  that  Adamski  flew  in  were  incapable  of  generating  their  own
power to any great extent and were dependent on the larger craft for on-board
‘recharging’.21  Another  American  contactee,  Sid  Padrick,  taken  on  board  a
75-foot-diameter disc in 1965, learned that the power source of that particular
craft was transferred to it from a much larger, cigar-shaped spacecraft.22

The Air Force officer disclosed that the aliens were sharing some of their
technology  with  us.  Just  why  they  were  doing  so  was  not  made  clear.  I
speculate that it might be in exchange for the use of our planet as a base of
operations.  In  any  event,  much  of  what  they  were  doing,  the  officer
explained, was an extension of what we ourselves were doing. ‘We’ll have to
rewrite  our  physics  textbooks  in  due  course,’  he  said.  We  were  already
advancing in areas of research that touched on their technological expertise,
such  as  the  use  of  the  torus  (used  to  contain  plasma  in  nuclear  fusion
reactors).  ‘Plasma  physics  is  the  key,’  declared  the  officer.  The  aliens  are
highly  advanced  in  the  physics  of  light,  well  beyond  our  laser  technology.
Apparently,  ‘we  make  good  pupils’  and  have  adapted  well  to  this  new
technology.

The  aliens  are  capable  of  dealing  ‘mentally’  with  any  local  intruders  on
their  territory,  John  learned.  It  seems  paradoxical,  even  ludicrous,  that
elements  of  the  US  Army  would  be  needed  to  provide  additional  security,
yet,  according  to  the  officer,  the  aliens  are  not  omnipotent  and  become
vulnerable once isolated from the protection of their craft or from their hand
weapons (used largely for defensive purposes). In fact, they are rather afraid
of us.

Jorge  Martín  has  obtained  some  information  (or  disinformation?)  which
corroborates an alleged US Army–alien liaison. In April–May 1992 military
exercises  conducted  by  forces  of  American  and  some  Latin-American
countries,  given  the  name  ‘Operation  Curtain’  (‘Operación  Cortina’),  were
conducted  at  Fort  Chaffee,  Arkansas.  According  to  a  US  Army  officer
belonging to a Special Forces unit attached to the Puerto Rico National Guard
contingent,  one  of  these  exercises  involved  trying  to  prevent  the  ‘enemy’
from blowing up a mock bridge. No group had been successful: the enemy
succeeded  in  infiltrating  every  time.  Although  it  was  forbidden  to  use
infrared (IR) night-vision goggles to observe the enemy’s tactics (because of
exercise testing limitations), on one occasion, as the enemy approached, the
Puerto  Rican  troops  resorted  to  IR.  Through  these  goggles,  they  observed
small  figures  –  invisible  to  the  naked  eye  –  crawling  along  the  ground.
Supposedly,  the  figures  were  about  four  feet  tall,  with  slim,  white  bodies,
long arms with four fingers on the hands, and large black eyes.

Subsequently, the Puerto Rican contingent was ordered not to discuss the
incident. ‘Although it seems incredible,’ said Martín’s source, ‘it seems that
the  US  armed  forces  are  in  contact  with  non-humans,  and  in  that  exercise
these non-humans showed our troops just what their own technological and
psychical capacities are.’23

According to John’s US Air Force source, access to information about the
alien situation is denied to all but a few in the US intelligence community.
For  those  ‘in  the  loop’,  there  is  occasional  liaison  with  the  aliens  at  their
bases,  presumably  limited  to  the  technology  transfer.  Some  military
personnel  who  had  been  ‘introduced’  to  the  aliens  were  unable  to  cope
psychologically,  John  told  me.  One  person  became  so  ‘unhinged’  by  the
experience  that  he  had  to  be  taken  to  the  Army’s  Walter  Reed  Hospital  in
Washington, DC.

‘What would happen’, ‘John’ once asked his source, ‘if I came out with all
this, naming you?’

‘We’d just make you look very foolish,’ replied the officer.

TAKE-OVER
The officer emphasized that he did not have all the answers. ‘I don’t know,’
he would say to John, ‘but someone else may know.’ He disclosed that more
than  one  alien  species  was  here.  Further  compounding  the  issue,  there
appeared to be a conflict of interests, as Rubens Villela also learned. ‘There
has been hostility between some of them,’ said the officer. ‘We don’t want to
get into the middle of that!’

‘He did not know where they originated, except that it was in our galaxy,’
John  told  me.  ‘He  said  they  are  physical  beings,  not  demons  coming  from
multi-dimensional realities. He was clear about that.’

I asked him about abductions. He said he had little knowledge of that, except that they happened – he
didn’t dispute it. He was particularly concerned that children had been taken, and speculated that the
abductions might have something to do with genetics. They don’t give a damn about our souls.

He told me that the aliens could reproduce the limbs of human amputees because they, unlike human
scientists at that point, knew how to regenerate nerve cells.

The aliens – at least, those the officer knew of – are neither concerned with
our  politics  nor  national  boundaries  and  seemed  very  detached  about  our
problems in general. It was no longer a question of Earth being simply a ‘way
station’  –  they  are  here  on  a  permanent  basis.  ‘They’re  after  this  planet,’
claimed the officer.

ELEMENTS OF TRUTH
How  much  truth  is  contained  in  the  Air  Force  officer’s  disclosures?  ‘I’ve
always been intrigued by what I was told, but I never had enough faith in it to
vouch for it,’ ‘John’ concedes. ‘I’ve been checking it out in bits and pieces,
here  and  there,  through  the  years  and  too  much  of  it  now  rings  false,
including the base in West Virginia . . . and the purported eyewitness account
of aliens and humans working together in Australia.’

Knowing that the officer had approved of my book, Above Top Secret, I
requested  John  to  re-establish  contact  and  ask  if  he  would  be  prepared  to
meet me. He did so, by telephone, in September 1998.

I  reminded  him  that  he  had  told  me  about  actually  seeing  an  alien  ship  an  aliens  on  the  ground  in
Australia, and asked him, bluntly, ‘Did that actually happen?’ He finessed the question, replying, ‘Lots
of things happened.’ He remained unresponsive, continuing to talk around the question. I let it go, and
took  another  tack,  asking  whether  he  would  be  willing  to  meet  with  you,  in  the  assurance  that  you
would protect him, and tell you what he had told me. He said he would need some time to think about
it, and would get back to me. He did not, so I called him. He said he had decided not to speak to you
[but] did not elaborate.

‘We may not have seen the end of this,’ said John. ‘Maybe something is
going on that I can’t perceive or imagine. I’m not through poking around . . .’
In my estimation, although laced with disinformation and lacking in crucial
details, the information provided by the senior Air Force officer is essentially
true. This would explain the uniquely high degree of security classification
applied  to  the  subject  since  the  1940s,  as  confirmed  in  a  once  Top  Secret
memorandum  by  Wilbert  Smith,  a  Canadian  government  scientist:  ‘The
matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States Government,
rating higher even than the H-bomb,’ he wrote in 1950.24 Many others in a
position  to  know  have  confirmed  as  much.  Andrew  Lownie,  my  agent,
learned from a former CIA deputy director of operations that the subject is
‘the most sensitive in the intelligence community’. ‘It is still classified above
Top Secret,’ wrote Senator Barry Goldwater, former Chairman of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, in 1975. ‘I have, however, heard that there is a plan
under way to release some, if not all, of this material in the near future.’25
The officer’s disclosures, in my view, are part of that plan.

If some aliens are here on a permanent basis, those few who are aware of
the fact understandably remain reluctant to admit as much. As Jorge Martín
was informed by a US Navy officer in referring to the presence of an alien
base in Puerto Rico, military authorities had been well aware of the situation
for many years but did not know how to explain it to the public. ‘One of the
principal fears of the government,’ explained the officer, ‘is that the sudden
knowledge  of  the  truth  might  cause  a  panic  and,  above  all,  a  paralysis  of
worldwide economic activity . . .’26

A  gradual  release  of  the  facts  may  be  the  only  way  forward.  As  I
mentioned in the Introduction, towards the end of an important speech before
the  42nd  General  Assembly  of  the  United  Nations  in  September  1987,
President  Ronald  Reagan  made  an  extraordinary  statement.  ‘I  occasionally
think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing
an  alien  threat  from  outside  this  world,’  he  said.  ‘And  yet,  I  ask,  is  not  an
alien force already among us . . .?’27 Reagan had two sightings of UFOs, one
of which occurred during a flight in 1974 when, as Governor of California, he
ordered  his  pilot  to  chase  it.28  He  also  discussed  the  alien  threat  with
President Mikhail Gorbachev during the Geneva Summit in 1985. ‘The US
President  said  that  if  the  Earth  faced  an  invasion  by  extraterrestrials,’
confirmed  Gorbachev  during  a  Kremlin  speech,  ‘the  United  States  and  the
Soviet Union would join forces to repel such an invasion . . .’29 And during a
private showing of ET  at  the  White  House  in  1982,  Reagan  leaned  over  to
Steven  Spielberg  and  murmured:  ‘If  only  people  knew  how  true  all  this
was.’30

RESIDENT ALIENS
In Chapter 1, I refer in part to the story of Inocencia Cataquet, who claims to
have encountered undersea alien craft in Puerto Rico in 1988. Cataquet told
Jorge Martín that he subseqently communicated with human-type aliens who,
as in the case of Iván Rivera Morales (Chapter 17), seemed to ‘materialize’
out  of  balls  of  light.  They  explained  to  Cataquet  that  they  were  capable  of
travelling among dimensions. Impending ‘geological changes’ will endanger
all life on Earth, they declared, necessitating their taking and preserving the
genetics  of  all  species  –  including  humankind  –  with  which  to  repopulate
Earth in the event of global catastrophe. Other alien beings, they said, were
conducting similar work, although their intentions toward us were not good.31
Although  claims  by  abductees  and  contactees  –  and  aliens  –  should  be
regarded critically, it is prudent not to dismiss them all. With their advanced
technology, it is probable that aliens know a great deal more about Earth’s
geological  structure  than  do  we.  The  theory  of  global  plate  tectonics,  for
example, was born only in 1967. As David Sington, co-author of Earth Story,
puts  it  succinctly,  the  theory  explains  ‘how  the  outer  shell  of  the  Earth  is
divided  into  a  small  number  of  vast  pieces,  called  plates,  which  are  in
constant  motion  relative  to  one  another  .  .  .  water  plays  a  crucial  role  in
lubricating  the  motion  of  the  plates  –  without  it  there  would  be  no  plate
tectonics.’32 If the US Air Force officer’s remark about the aliens ‘messing
around  with  tectonic  plates’  in  the  Pacific  is  based  on  fact,  one  can  only
wonder if this was done to control or limit seismic activity. Perhaps this is for
our benefit but, if they are resident aliens, it is just as likely to be for their
own.  No  wonder,  then,  that  they  are  so  concerned  about  impending
geological and ecological disturbances.

Given that several species, possibly with conflicting interests, seem to be
based here, temporarily or permanently, what might be their agenda? Some
may well have our best interests in mind, as Rubens Villela learned. ‘These
cosmic visitors proclaim a genetic origin linked to our own species on Earth,
though they inhabit a dying planet, where we would have to manipulate time
and space dimensions to reach,’ he wrote to Michael Collins, the Apollo 11
astronaut,  in  1979.  ‘They  desire  an  alliance  without  fear  [and]  offer  us
protection against impending cosmic dangers . . .’33 But it is not that simple.
Again,  as  Villela  also  learned,  certain  other  alien  species  are  inimical  to
humans.

Astronomers and exobiologists regularly remind us that not only is Earth
unique in the solar system, it may also be unique for light years around. If
this  is  the  case,  a  corollary  is  that  our  planet  has  attracted  those  from
elsewhere  who  stand  to  benefit  from  its  exploitation.  ‘Your  world  is
marvellous,’ Julio Fernández, the Spanish abductee, was told. ‘Its biological
richness is unbelievable, [with] many of the things that we need, and that we
do not have . . .’

Even  if  some  alien  beings  remain  well-disposed  towards  us,  there  is  no
doubt  that  others  pose  a  threat.  People  have  been  abducted  and,  in  a  few
cases, they have not returned. People have been traumatized and sometimes
they have died as a result of their encounters. Animals have been killed. What
the purpose of all this is I do not yet know, but clearly there is a requirement.
Hybridization  might  be  part  of  the  agenda.  Most  abductees  have  been  told
that this is for our benefit, but I believe it just as likely to be for their own.

Are these aliens creating a hybridized species adapted to living on Earth? If
so, to what end?

Whatever the threat posed by certain alien species, I believe we have much
more  to  fear  from  our  own  kind.  I,  for  one,  would  welcome  an  official
disclosure  to  the  effect  that  we  share  this  planet  with  denizens  of  other
planets.

It might be just the sort of shock we need.

 

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Letter from Dr Olavo T. Fontes to Coral Lorenzen, 27 February 1958.
2. Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison, p. 93.
3. Air Force Times, 7 December 1998, p. 34.
4. Interview, the Pentagon, 6 May 1998.
5. Good, Timothy, Alien Base, p. 252.
6. Ibid., pp. 304–1.
7. Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret, pp. 378, 381–4.
8. Popular Science, January 2000.
9. Letter to the author, 5 November 1999.
10. Monograph by Hal Starr, provided for the author, 11 July 1997.
11. Washington Times, 26 June 1985, quoted in Dibblin, Jane, Day of Two Suns: US Nuclear Testing and the Pacific Islanders, Virago, London, 1988, p. 6.
12. Sherman, Dick, Raytheon News, 20 May 1996.
13. Monograph, 11 July 1997.
14. Good, Alien Liaison, pp. 98–9.
15. Good, Alien Base, p. 252.
16. Miley, Michael, ‘Former US Military Intelligence Officer Suggests Four “Alien” Bases on Earth’, UFO Magazine (US), vol. 13, no. 3, 1998, p. 7.
17. Miley, Michael, ‘Room With An Alien View: Part Two’, UFO Magazine (US), vol. 13, no. 5, 1998, pp. 37–8.
18. Regarding UFO propulsion technology, much has been written. I particularly recommend Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis, by Paul Hill, the late NASA scientist, Hampton Roads Publishing Co., 134 Burgess Lane, Charlottesville, Virginia 22902, 1995.
19. Letter to Coral Lorenzen from Dr Olavo T. Fontes, 27 February 1958.
20. Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Farewell, Abelard-Schuman, London, 1961, p. 39, cited in Alien Base, p. 119.
21. Adamski, George, Inside the Space Ships, Arco Spearman, London, 1956, p. 53, cited in Alien Base, p. 122.
22. Good, Beyond Top Secret, p. 368.
23. Martín, Jorge, ‘Operation Curtain: Joint Military Exercises with Aliens?’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 43, no. 1, Spring 1998, pp. 3–6, translated by Gordon Creighton from Evidencia OVNI, no. 14, 1997.
24. Memorandum to the Controller of Telecommunications from W.B. Smith, Senior Radio Engineer, Department of Transport, Ottawa, 21 November 1950.
25. Letter to Shlomo Arnon from Senator Barry Goldwater, United States Senate, Washington, DC, 28 March 1975, reproduced in Beyond Top Secret, p. 505.
26. Martín, Jorge, ‘Strange UFO events in Lajas’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 11, 1996, p. 46, translated by Gordon Creighton.
27. United Nations verbatim transcript, 21 September 1987.
28. Good, Alien Liaison, pp. 64–5.
29. Speech by President Mikhail Gorbachev at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Moscow, 16 February 1987, published in Soviet Life, May 1987, p. 7A.
30. As confirmed by Steven Spielberg’s press office.
31. Martín, Jorge, ‘Blond aliens on El Yunque’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 16, 1997, p. 6, translated by Margaret Barling.
32. Lamb, Simon and Sington, David, Earth Story: The Shaping of our World BBC Books, 1998, pp. 8, 9.
33. Letter to Michael Collins from Rubens Junqueira Villela B.Sc., 21 January 1979.

=================================================================================
Appendix

Some recommended UFO journals

Evidencia OVNI
CEDICOP Inc., PO Box 29516, San Juan,
Puerto Rico 00929-0516, USA
(NB Spanish language)
evidencia@rforest.net
www.rforest.net/evidencia

Flying Saucer Review
FSR Publications Ltd, PO Box 162,
High Wycombe, Bucks, HP 13 5DZ, UK
fsreview@hotmail.com
www.fsreview.net

International UFO Reporter
J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies,
2457 West Peterson Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659, USA
infocenter@cufos.org
www.cufos.org

Journal of UFO Studies
J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies
2457 West Peterson Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659, US
(NB An annual journal publishing mostly scientific papers)

Lumières Dans La Nuit
BP 3, 86800 Saint Julien-L’Ars, France
MUFON UFO Journal
Mutual UFO Network, PO Box 369,
Morrison, Colorado 80465–0369, USA
mufonhq@aol.com

www.mufon.com

Skeptics UFO Newsletter
404 ‘N’ Street SW
Washington, DC 20024, USA

UFO: Rivista di Informazione Ufologica
Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici
CP 82, 10100 Torino, Italy
cisu@ufo.it
www.ufo.it

UFO*BC Quarterly
11151 Kendale Way, Delta,
British Columbia, V4C 3P7, Canada
www.ufobc.org

UFO Magazine
Lloyds Bank Chambers, West Street, Ilkley,
West Yorkshire, LS29 9DW, UK
QPIL@ufomag.co.uk
www.ufomag.co.uk

UFO Magazine
PO Box 15325, North Hollywood, California 91615, USA
www.ufomagazine.com

UFO Newsclipping Service
#2 Caney Valley Drive, Plumerville, Arkansas 72127–8725, USA

Books and other material relating to UFOs
Those  requiring  books,  videos,  etc.,  on  the  UFO  subject,  which  are  not
available  in  shops  or  are  out  of  print,  should  contact:  Arcturus  Books  Inc.,
1443 SE Port St Lucie Blvd., Port St Lucie, Florida 34952, USA
Phone (+1) 561-398-0796; Fax (+1) 561-337-1701
rgirard321@aol.com

==================================================================================
Picture Section

Edgar D. Mitchell, Apollo 14 lunar module pilot and the sixth man to walk on the Moon. Via his
contacts in the military and intelligence community, Dr Mitchell has learned that the US
Government has covered up the truth about UFOs for over 50 years. (NASA)

Taken from an aircraft 10,000 feet above Lake Cote, Costa Rica, on 4 September 1971 during a
cartographic survey by the National Geographic Institute, this enlargement (original format shown
in box) shows what appears to be a metallic disc that had just left, or was on the point of entering,
the lake. Scientific studies ruled out conventional explanations. (Collection B. Thouanel)

Captain Graham Sheppard on the flight deck of a British Airways Boeing 757 (‘City of Lisbon’)
on a scheduled flight from London to Milan, September 1992. (© Timothy Good)

Sheppard beside the Cessna 172 in which he became mysteriously displaced during a flight from
San Juan to Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, in March 1993. (© Timothy Good)

A map of Puerto Rico annotated by Sheppard to show the probable track of the Cessna during its
unexplained ‘lateral displacement’. (© GeoSystems Global Corporation)

An aerial view of the Sierra Bermeja, Puerto Rico, looking southwest. Sheppard was flying several
miles to the east of this position when he realised he was unaccountably over the south coast
instead of the west coast. (© Timothy Good)

An aerial photograph taken in 1998 of the US Air Force Tethered Aerostat Radar Site at Lajas,
south-west Puerto Rico. (© Timothy Good)

Enrique Castillo Rincón, the Costa Rican engineer who claims extensive contacts with
extraterrestrials, including flights in spacecraft and visits to alien bases in South America and the
Pacific Ocean.

Rubens J. Villela, the Brazilian meteorologist, explorer and former CIA communications-
monitoring specialist. Villela was one of many witnesses to a UFO sighting in Antarctica in 1961.
Years later, he had further sightings and claims to have communicated with extraterrestrial beings.

Drawings of one of the humanoids encountered by Julio Fernández in the province of Soria, Spain,
in February 1978. (Maite Álvarez López)

The craft in which Fernández claims to have been taken aboard. He estimated its diameter at
between 60 and 70 metres.

The flight deck, about 15 metres wide and 5 metres high, with a console, viewing screen and
bizarre conical seats.

Arrows show the direction taken by Fernández and the humanoids when boarding the craft via a
circular elevator, which led to the lower deck then flight deck.

The Caponi family home in Pretare di Arquato del Tronto, Ascoli Piceno, Italy, outside which
Filiberto Caponi took six photographs of an unknown creature between May and October 1993
(see here, here, here, here, here and here). (© Timothy Good)

Antonia Perla, Filiberto Caponi’s grandmother, who was present when Caponi photographed the
creature on 9 October 1993. (© Timothy Good)

Filiberto Caponi, Rome, January 1999. (© Timothy Good)

The first two photographs of the creature, taken by Filiberto Caponi on the night of 23/24 May
1993. ‘The first photograph was not clear because of distance and darkness,’ Caponi explained. (©
Filiberto Caponi)

‘The second one portrayed a creature in the act of walking, with its right limb raised.’ Overnight,
the Polaroid prints mysteriously transformed, ‘creating a kind of bas-relief, as if the flat figure had
transformed itself into a three-dimensional one.’ The thin bands of bluish light around the raised
images are reflections created when the author made these first-generation copies: they do not
appear on the original prints. (© Filiberto Caponi)

These two remarkably detailed pictures were taken on the night of 19/20 August 1993. ‘This time
there were no bandages on its legs [and] from the sternum emerged the two inexplicable tubes . . .
I had the impression it was suffering, because the skin seemed to be entirely burned.’ (© Filiberto
Caponi)

Moments after taking the first photograph, Caponi moved to his left and took a second one, as the
creature remained motionless. (© Filiberto Caponi)

This picture was taken on the night of 10/11 August 1993 (prior to the two previous pictures). ‘On
its back was a brown lump,’ Caponi reported. ‘Short arms protruded from its sides. The legs were
very long and still covered in bandages.’ (© Filiberto Caponi)

The last picture in the series, taken on the night of 9/10 October 1993, in the presence of Caponi’s
grandmother. Reflections from the camera’s flash on the creature’s skin are due to rain. (©
Filiberto Caponi)

Diagram by Professor Roger Green showing the creature’s measurements, based on Photo 6 (here)
and taking into account the dimensional information obtained from both standing and sitting
images.

The Polaroid camera used by Filiberto Caponi to take the photographs of the creature. (© Timothy
Good)

Diagram based on the image of the creature depicted in Photo 2 (here). Measurements are derived
from the dimensions of the paving stones (20x20cms). (See Chapter 13 for details.)
The creature’s right hand and left foot, based on Photo 6 (here).

Bruce Renton, the British reporter and former intelligence officer, who introduced Filiberto
Caponi to the author in Rome, February 1994. (© Timothy Good)

A Hereford cow found mutilated in the Uinta Basin, Utah, October 1998. Note the immaculate
excision of the eye, ruling out mutilation by predators or scavengers. In addition, the cow’s heart
had inexplicably been reduced to a pulp. Other bizarre findings included a missing foetus. (©
National Institute of Discovery Science)

A drawing of a 'chupacabras' encountered by José Miguel Agosto in Canóvanas, Puerto Rico,
August 1995. (José Miguel Agosto)

Agent José Collazo of the Canóvanas Police Department, who shot a ‘chupacabras’ at point-blank
range in Campo Rico, Puerto Rico, September 1995. (© Timothy Good)

An artist’s impression of one of the creatures captured by military personnel in Varginha, Brazil,
January 1996. (Carti © Vitório Pacaccini & Maxs Portes)

The Manzano Mountains, near Albuquerque, New Mexico. According to one of the author’s
sources, an alien base was sited in the vicinity of the US Air Force Manzano Weapons Storage
Area. (© Timothy Good)

A view from Rio Grande of ‘El Yunque’, the Caribbean National Forest, Puerto Rico. (© Timothy
Good)

‘La Coca’ waterfall in El Yunque. In August 1997 Dr Darby Williams, a dean of Bowling Green
State University, Ohio, entered the forest at this tourist attraction and went missing for twelve days
before re-emerging at the same spot. He has never revealed what happened to him. (© Timothy
Good)

A drawing (left) and photograph (right) by A. Hyatt Verrill of the ferocious ‘Sun Dog’, referred to
in Chapter 16. (© A. Hyatt Verrill / G.P. Putnam’s Sons)

A photograph of the so-called ‘serpentbird’, captured in Gurabo, Puerto Rico, in 1990. (María
Ortiz)

This skull was discovered in October 1990 in the region of Susamyr, Kirgizskaya, following
numerous reports of UFOs and ‘bigfoot’-type creatures. According to Dr S.B. Begaliev, the head
physician at the Panfilovski Central Regional Hospital, the skull might have come from a creature
with a highly developed intellect, but of no known species. The skull had a large cranium with a
long nasal section, as well as a fixed joint attached to the skull where the neck vertebrae should
join. (Komsolomets Kirgizia, 7 April 1990)

An aerial view of the National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center, Arecibo Observatory, Puerto
Rico – the largest radio telescope on Earth. (© Timothy Good)

The control rooms at the Arecibo Observatory, January 1999. From right to left: Graham
Sheppard, Dr José Alonso, Educational Officer and Director of the Visitor Center, and Edwin
Vazquez, one of the Civil Defence employees assisting the author with his investigations. (©
Timothy Good)

One of the US Government’s bases in the Repubhc of the Marshall Islands. These photos, taken
prior to 1991, show Kwajalein Island, which features the world’s largest lagoon and a 6700-foot
runway. (Pan American World Airways / DynCorp)

According to the author’s sources, several alien bases exist in the Pacific Ocean, including one in
the Kwajalein Atoll. (Pan American World Airways / DynCorp)

This  ebook  is  copyright  material  and  must  not  be  copied,  reproduced,
transferred, distributed, leased, licensed or publicly performed or used in any
way except as specifically permitted in writing by the publishers, as allowed
under  the  terms  and  conditions  under  which  it  was  purchased  or  as  strictly
permitted by applicable copyright law. Any unauthorized distribution or use
of this text may be a direct infringement of the author’s and publisher’s rights
and those responsible may be liable in law accordingly.





Epub ISBN: 9781446456965

Version 1.0

9 10 8

Published by Arrow Books 2001
Copyright © Timothy Good 2000

Timothy Good has asserted his right under the Copyright, Designs and

Patents Act, 1988, to be identified as the author of this work.

First published in Great Britain in 2000 by Century

Arrow Books

The Random House Group Limited

20 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London, SW1V 2SA

www.randomhouse.co.uk

Arrow Books is part of the Penguin Random House group of companies

whose addresses can be found at global.penguinrandomhouse.com

The Random House Group Limited Reg. No. 954009

A CIP catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library

ISBN 9780099406020

