============================================================================
Title Pages


Born in London in 1942, Timothy Good first became
interested in UFOs in 1955, when his passion for aviation
and spaceflight led him to read a book by Major Donald
Keyhoe describing sightings by highly qualified observers
such as military and civilian pilots. Now regarded as a
leading authority, he has researched the subject worldwide,
interviewing key witnesses and amassing a wealth of
evidence, including several thousand declassified intelligence
documents.

Timothy Good has lectured on UFOs at universities, schools,
and to many organisations, including IBM, the Institute of
Medical Laboratory. Sciences, the Royal Canadian Military
Institute, the Royal Naval Air Rescue Branch, Shell, the
House of Lords All-Party UFO Study Group, and the
Oxford and Cambridge Union societies. In May 1998 he
was invited to the Pentagon to discuss his subject at the
Defense Airborne Reconnaissance Office. He has acted as
associate producer for a number of television documentaries
on the subject and is known to millions worldwide through
his numerous television appearances.

Timothy Good’s first book, Above Top Secret: The Worldwide 
UFO Cover-up (Sidgwick & Jackson, 1987), became
an instant bestseller and is regarded widely as the definitive
book on the subject, together with the fully revised and
updated book replacing it, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide 
UFO Security Threat (Sidgwick & Jackson, 1996),
which remained for five weeks on the Sunday Times bestseller 
list. Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret (Century,
1991) spent thirteen weeks on the same bestseller list. He has
also edited a number of books on the subject, including the
bestselling Alien Update (Arrow, 1993). Alien Base: Earth's
Encounters with Extraterrestrials went to No. 4 on the
Guardian bestseller list and is translated in numerous
countries, including China. His latest book Unearthly
Disclosure has recently been published by Century.
Timothy Good is also a professional violinist, and played
with the London Symphony Orchestra, for fourteen years.
Nowadays he freelances occasionally for major feature films,
television dramas and commercials, and recordings with pop
musicians. He is also a photographer and has several record
sleeves and other published photos - particularly of aircraft
- to his credit.

To Gordon Creighton

ALIEN BASE
The Evidence for Extraterrestrial Colonization of Earth
by Timothy Good

ARROW

=========================================================
Acknowledgements

It would be impracticable to acknowledge here all those
who have contributed directly or indirectly to the
production of Alien Base, but I would like to record my
thanks in particular to the following individuals and
organizations:

The George Adamski Foundation; Walter Andrus and
the Mutual UFO Network; Rafael Baerga; Leslie Banks,
DFC, AFC; Margaret Barling; Juan Jose Benitez; Ted
Bloecher; Ralph and Judy Blum; Jonathan Caplan QC;
Filiberto Caponi; Gerry Casey and the Western Flyer
(Tacoma, Washington); Ronald Caswell; the Central
Intelligence Agency; Paul Cerny; Antonio Chiumiento;
Jerome Clark and the J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO
Studies; Sir Arthur C. Clarke; Terence Collins; Stephen
Darbishire; Domenica del Corriere; Britt and Lee Elders;
the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Ugo Furlan; Bruno
Ghibaudi; Dr Daniel Rebisso Giese; Horacio Gonzales;
the Goteborg (Sweden) Information Centre on UFOs;
Charles Gourain; Antonio Giudici; Jane Thomas Guma;
Bill Gunston OBE; Dr James Harder; Carol Honey;
William E. Jones; Peter Jordan; Tony Kimery; Kevin
McNeil; Carlos Manuel Mercado; Lawrence Moore and
Central Independent Television; James W. Moseley; the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
(NASA); Hector Antonio Picco and Cronica (Buenos
Aires); Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR); Lieutenant
Commander Rolan D. Powell, US Navy (Retired); the
Public Record Office; Madeleine Rodeffer; Pedro
Romaniuk; Herbert Schirmer; Dr Berthold E. Schwarz;
Dr Irena Scott; William T. Sherwood; Warren Smith; Dr
Leo Sprinkle; Lieutenant General Thomas P. Stafford,
US Air Force (Retired); Ray Stanford; Hal Starr; Bill
Steele; General Boris Surikov, Soviet Air Force (Retired);
Neil Thomas and the Staffordshire Newsletter; Donald
R. Todd; Marc Tolosano; the United States Departments
of the Air Force, Army and Navy; Dr Jacques Vallee;
Walter N. Webb; Don Worley; the Wroclaw (Poland)
Club for UFO Popularization and Exploration.

I	am especially indebted to: Warren Aston, for his
research material relating to the case of Udo Wartena;
Jeannie Belleau, for terrific transportation around New
Mexico in 1997; Mark Ian Birdsall, for research material
from his forthcoming book Flying Saucers of the Third
Reich and for his report on the Jan Siedlecki case; Mark
Booth, my editor at Century, for his unswerving loyalty;
Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso, US Army (Retired),
William J. Birnes and Pocket Books (Simon & Schuster),
for extracts from The Day After Roswell; Gordon
Creighton, to whom Alien Base is dedicated, for huge
chunks of material from Flying Saucer Review, of which
he is editor; Frederique, for advice and help relating to
her mother Joelle’s contact story; Rachael Healey and
her team of publicists at Century, for first-rate
promotion; Air Marshal Sir Peter Horsley and his
publisher Leo Cooper, for lengthy extracts from Sir
Peter’s autobiography, Sounds From Another Room;
Desmond Leslie, for much material from Flying Saucers
Have Landed (which he co-authored with George
Adamski), a great deal of additional information, and
for some unforgettable visits to Castle Leslie; Andrew
Lownie, my agent, for his loyalty, support and sensible
advice; Jorge Martin and his wife Marleen, for a great
deal of material from their magazine Evidencia OVNJ,
for additional information, and for driving me around
Puerto Rico to meet witnesses. Their courage and
dedication, often in the face of adversity, are admirable;
Howard Menger and his wife Connie, for much material
from their books, in particular Howard’s From Outer
Space to You; Joel Mesnard, editor of Lumieres Dans La
Nuit, for articles and drawings; Carlos L. Moreno, for
translations, and for acting as interpreter and providing
transportation in Puerto Rico; Ludwig F. Pallmann -
wherever he may be - for the story of his remarkable
encounters with extraterrestrials; Sue Phillpott, for
superb proof-reading; Bob Pratt, for extracts from his
book UFO Danger Zone; Walter Rizzi, for the report
and sketches of his encounter; Liz Rowlinson, Mark
Booth’s assistant at Century, for her patience and
professionalism; Jane Selley, for superb copy-editing;
Captain Graham Sheppard, for his transcription of the
voice tapes relating to the America West encounter over
New Mexico, and for additional advice relating to
matters aeronautical; Jean Sider, for the use of extracts
from his book Ultra Top-Secret and for additional help
and advice; Neville Spearman, publisher of Flying
Saucers Have Landed (Leslie and Adamski) and Inside
the Space Ships (Adamski), for lengthy extracts from
these books; Lieutenant Colonel Wendelle C. Stevens,
US Air Force (Retired), for accounts from several of his
books; Mrs Leonard Stringfield, for reports from her late
husband’s books; Sir Mark Thomson, for his
contribution and support, including the funding of a
reconnaissance flight to Dulce, New Mexico; Dorothee
Walter, for help with word-processing and translations;
Carroll and Rosemary Watts - wherever they may be -
for their report and photographs of Carroll’s encounters;
Haroldo Westendorff, Michael Wysmierski of The
Brazilian UFO Report and the Grupo de Pesquisas
Cientifico-Ufologicas (GPCU, Pelotas, Brazil), for
material relating to the Lagoa de los Patos incident.

Finally, I am indebted to those who have contributed
or helped but are not named.


========================================================
Introduction

It seems that scarcely a week goes by without some story
in the sensationalist media about little bug-eyed aliens
abducting a hapless victim and performing all manner of
sinister experiments upon his or her person. A proliferation 
of films, television documentaries, books and
magazines on the subject has contributed not only to
growing interest in the UFO phenomenon but also to an
acceleration of wild claims.

Following publication of bestselling books on alien
abduction, such as those by Budd Hopkins, Whitley
Strieber, Dr David Jacobs and Dr John Mack, many
people began claiming that they, too, had been abducted
by small, grey, bug-eyed creatures (the so-called ‘Greys’),
sometimes even taken from their beds, beamed aboard
spaceships and subjected to physical procedures such as
the extraction of ova, for the aliens’ declared purpose of
creating a hybrid race.

Having met many abductees, I have no doubt that
some of them have interacted with alien life-forms;
however, while it is feasible that an explanation for the
proliferation of such claims might be simply that
witnesses feel more inclined to come forward due to
increased public awareness, a corollary is that many
such stories may be contaminated. Is it coincidental that
in the United Kingdom, for example, abduction reports
increased with the landing of The X Files television series
on British shores?

Another problem with the abduction phenomenon is
the alarming increase in the number of ‘backstreet
abductionists’; unqualified hypnotherapists with little or
no knowledge of general medicine and psychiatry, who
conduct hypnotic regression sessions with the thousands
of people now claiming to have been abducted. Most
leading investigators urge caution in this undefined area.
‘I feel that the present fad of hypnotizing “abductees”,
which is being engaged in by untrained investigators,
will inevitably lead to suffering,’ wrote Whitley Strieber.
‘These investigators usually make the devastating error of
assuming that they understand this immense mystery.’1 In
1991, Strieber went further: ‘The “abduction reports”
that they generate are not real,’ he wrote. ‘They are
artifacts of hypnosis and cultural conditioning.’2
Stories of alien abduction have become fashionable.

This has led, in my opinion, to an unbalanced perspective. 
One of the principal reasons for writing this
book is to redress the balance, by recounting many
stories of the so-called ‘contactees’, some dating back as
far as 1920; accounts now either forgotten, confined to
early literature collections, privately published, or taken
from my own hitherto unpublished files.

It is now mandatory to scorn contactees, due in part
to sometimes banal and evangelical messages imparted
to them by the ‘space brothers’, and because the
extraterrestrials they have encountered do not conform
to preconceived notions of alien appearance, behaviour,
or purported planetary origin. Budd Hopkins, whom I
admire for his pioneering work and intelligent approach
to the abduction phenomenon, encapsulates this attitude
succinctly in his important book, Witnessed:

In the 1950s and earlyl960s a number of so-called contactees
claimed to have ridden in flying saucers to Venus or Mars or
elsewhere in our solar system, and there to have received from
beautiful Space Brothers and Sisters antiwar messages and
warnings about the environment . . . virtually all of their
accounts were designed to make them seem special - honoured
Earthlings, proud recipients of the Space Brothers’ flattering
attentions and intergalactic wisdom.3

This overstates the case. First, claims of nonabducting 
contacts with extraterrestrials not only predate 
the 1950s but, though increasingly rare, have
continued to the present time. Secondly, most of the
lesser-known contactees did not seek attention in any
way; rather, the contrary. Thirdly, with respect to
‘antiwar messages and warnings about the environment’, 
Hopkins overlooks the fact that this is precisely
what some abductees report having heard. Equally banal
messages have sometimes been imparted to the
abductees. In these and other respects, therefore,
differences as between abductees and contactees can be
marginal and confusing.

It is not enough arbitrarily to dismiss reports by
contactees in terms of ego-gratification, hallucinations,
an overly vivid imagination, and so forth. There are too
many such accounts from too wide a variety of sources
and countries, all of which contain scientifically
interesting data elements in common. These beg for
analysis, interpretation and explication. ‘The statements
of those who purportedly have had actual contact with
“space people” should not be dismissed offhand as mere
romance,’ declared Rear Admiral Herbert Knowles, a
graduate of the US Naval Academy, in 1957. ‘Perhaps
there is some real information here. One cannot afford
to be dogmatic in this matter if the truth is to be found.’4
As I have stated in my previous books, it is my opinion
that a secondary reason behind the reluctance of
governments to acknowledge the alien presence is fear of
ridicule. No one likes to look silly, least of all political
and military leaders. Those few who have admitted to
such a presence - such as President Ronald Reagan, who
hinted at it during an important speech before the United
Nations General Assembly in 1987,5 and Javier Perez de
Cuellar, former Secretary-General of the United
Nations, who reportedly was abducted together with his
security guards and others in 19896 - invariably are
mocked by the media, thus effectively stifling serious
discussion on these matters and discouraging others in
high office from coming forward. In 1997, Air Marshal
Sir Peter Horsley, former Deputy Commander-in-Chief
of Strike Command, and for seven years in the personal
service of Her Majesty the Queen and HRH Prince
Philip as Equerry, revealed in his autobiography7 that in
1954 he had had a meeting with an apparently extraterrestrial 
being (see Chapter 10). The reaction was
predictable. cOh God,’ commented a former Ministry of
Defence senior officer. ‘How unfortunate that the public
will learn that the man who had his finger on the button
at Strike Command was seeing little green men.’8 In a
patronizing article in The Times, entitled ‘Air marshal’s
flight of fancy’, Dr Thomas Stuttaford suggested that the
air marshal was either deluded or had suffered an
hallucination,9 overlooking the fact that the meeting had
been arranged via a British Army general and that a
witness had been present throughout the two-hour
discourse.

My own investigations show that delusion (as well as
deception) does indeed feature in a number of reports by
both abductees and contactees. One example will suffice.

In 1981,1 interviewed a South African contactee, the late
Elizabeth Klarer, a cultured, striking lady who claimed
to have given birth to a child fathered by a spaceman.

Klarer’s initial encounter with ‘Akon’, her lover from
Venus, supposedly occurred in the 1950s. In her
fascinating 1980 book, however, Akon’s origin changed
to ‘Meton, one of the planets of Proxima Centauri’10
(4.26 light years from Earth). During my interview with
Klarer in Johannesburg, she mentioned casually that
Akon still visited her from time to time. ‘Do you have
any kind of evidence to show me?’ I asked. ‘Oh yes,’ she
replied, ‘he brought me this beautiful plant!’ I took some
photographs. On my return to London, I soon
discovered that the plant was the very terrestrial
maidenhair fern (of the genus Adiantum), and I duly
informed Elizabeth. I never heard from her again.

Perhaps, like other claimants, she did have a genuine
experience of some sort but later began to fantasize and
embellish it. I believe that a number of well-known
abductees and contactees have inflated their claims,
either to nourish their egos or retain a following, or
both. These motives alone do not negate the validity of
all their claims.

Another reason for this book is to show that alien
species are more varied than we commonly suppose, and
that the little grey men appeared on the scene relatively
recently. From gorgeous girls, through to grotesque
goblins - and yes, even little green men - most types of
alien species that have been reported are represented in
this book.

Objections are frequently raised regarding the
anthropomorphic nature of reported aliens. ‘One of the
chief reasons I have never been able to take reports of
alien contact seriously,’ wrote the great space pioneer
and science-fiction writer, Arthur C. Clarke, in 1997, ‘is
that no spaceship ever contains aliens - the occupants
are always human! Oh, yes, they do show a few minor
variations such as large eyes, or pointed ears . . . but
otherwise they are based on the same general design as
you and I. Genuine extraterrestrials would be really
alien .. .’n Aside from the fact that some alien creatures,
such as the so-called ‘chupacabras’, look like nothing on
Earth, we cannot disregard the testimony of thousands
of men and women from all walks of life who,
throughout the twentieth century at least, have testified
that the aliens they have encountered are indeed
generally humanoid, though sometimes with unusual
differences. ‘You certainly make a good case,’ Clarke
wrote to me, in response to my critique of his article.

But, he added: ‘My main argument against ETs is that
none have yet called on me, which seems a deplorable
oversight.’12

As to the similarities, one reason could be that Homo
sapiens is related to an extraterrestrial species. The idea
may seem far-fetched, yet the probability that our galaxy
has been colonized by other, more advanced races,
cannot be dismissed out of hand.

Much of the material in this book will be new, even to
seasoned investigators. Interspersed with the contact
encounters are new or little-known reports of sightings
by military and civilian pilots as well as sightings of
unidentified submergible objects reported by naval
observers. I have also included some cases involving
alien vehicles apparently grounded for repairs, as well as
alleged retrievals, by military forces, of alien vehicles and
bodies, occurring well before the so-called Roswell
Incident. With all these varied claims, proof remains
elusive. I believe, nonetheless, that the evidence is
mounting.

In 1997, the United States Air Force issued its third
‘final’ explanation for the Roswell, New Mexico,
incident of July 1947, when an alien spacecraft and its
occupants were recovered by military forces. The bodies,
stated the Air Force in its 230-page report (timed to
coincide with the 50th anniversary of the Roswell
Incident), were really dummies used in experiments in
the 1950s to test the effects of high-altitude parachute
drops on human bodies.13 This ‘down-to-earth’
explanation totally fails to account for the fact that no
such dummies were dropped until several years after the
Roswell Incident; moreover, only a dummy could
confuse dummies with alien bodies. US Air Force ‘special
planners’ in the Pentagon seem to be expending an
extraordinary ‘public perception management’ effort
aimed at destroying the central icon of ufology, the
Roswell Incident, with the goal that, if successful, the
whole fabric of ufology will come apart. Similarly, in
August 1997, the Central Intelligence Agency released
an article on its role in the study of UFOs (1947-90) in
which it is stated that many UFO sightings in the 1950s
and 1960s actually were of Lockheed U-2 and SR-71 spy
planes.14 The CIA’s ‘explanation’ is so flawed that even
hard-core UFO sceptics are sceptical. With such shifting
explanations, it is little wonder the public is becoming
even more aware that it is being misled. ‘The old cover-
up stories just don’t wash any more,’ said John E. Pike,
director of space policy at the Washington-based
Federation of American Scientists. ‘The UFO community
is definitely on to something.’15
Perhaps those few in authority who are aware of the
alien presence will be more forthcoming in the near
future: indeed, there are encouraging developments. In
June 1997, a remarkable book was published which,
despite its egregious hyperbole and factual errors, seems
to lift the lid off much that has been concealed by certain
elements of the US intelligence community since 1947.

Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso, US Army (Retired),
who served on President Dwight Eisenhower’s National
Security Council staff 16 and the Army staff’s Research
and Development Foreign Technology desk at the
Pentagon, claims not only that he saw the alien bodies
recovered from the Roswell crash, but also that, from
1961 to 1963, he was steward of an Army project that
‘seeded’ alien technology at American companies such as
IBM, Hughes Aircraft, Bell Labs and Dow Corning -
without their knowledge of where the technology
originated. Corso alleges that the materials found
aboard the Roswell craft were precursors for today’s
integrated circuit chips, fibre optics, lasers and supertenacity 
fibres. He also discloses the role that alien
technology played in shaping geopolitical policy and
events; how it allowed the United States to surpass the
Russians in the space programme, led to the Strategic
Defense Initiative (‘Star Wars’), and ultimately brought
about the end of the Cold War. Corso also claims that
certain intelligence analysts were aware at that time that
Earth was being ‘probed’ by one or more alien cultures,
and that they posed a serious threat. ‘Maybe, in the
1960s,’ he points out, ‘we didn’t have the technology we
have now to intercept their ships, but by using new
satellite surveillance techniques we believed we’d be able
to pick up the signatures of an alien presence on the face
of our planet. If we made it too difficult for them to set
up shop with bases on Earth, military intelligence
planners speculated, maybe they would simply go
away . . .’17

They have not gone away.

Alien Base is dedicated to Gordon Creighton, the
indefatigable, multi-lingual editor of Britain’s Flying
Saucer Review,18 established in 1955, from which I have
selected a lot of the material in this book. Creighton is
one of the few remaining pioneers, having become
interested in UFOs as far back as 1941, when he saw one
while serving in the British Embassy at Chongqing,
China. In the 1950s, as an intelligence officer at the
Ministry of Defence in Whitehall, he became aware of
top-secret investigations into the phenomenon conducted 
jointly by the Royal Air Force and the United
States Air Force.19 Many of those interested in this
enduring enigma have benefited from his scholarship.

Finally, I must stress that, while the reports of the
numerous witnesses described herein have been
faithfully reproduced, the various interpretations and
explanations offered by those witnesses must be viewed
as subjective attempts to apply some degree of
rationality to their extraordinary encounters.


------------------------
Notes

1.	Strieber, Whitley, Transformation: The Breakthrough,
Century, London, 1988, p. 254.
2.	Strieber, Whitley, The Communion Letter, summer 1991.
3.	Hopkins, Budd, Witnessed: The True Story of the Brooklyn
Bridge UFO Abductions, Pocket Books, Simon & Schuster,
New York, 1996, p. 398. Also published by Bloomsbury,
London, 1997.
4.	UFO Investigator, National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena, Washington, DC, vol. 1, no. 1, July
1957.
5.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick &; Jackson, London, 1996, p.
539.
6.	Hopkins, op. cit. (Hopkins does not reveal the name, Perez
de Cuellar, to whom he refers as ‘the third man’, in this
book: privately, he has confirmed it, however.)
7.	Horsley, Sir Peter, Sounds From Another Room: Memories
of Planes, Princes and the Paranormal, Leo Cooper,
London, 1997.
8.	Barton, Fiona, ‘Close encounter in a Chelsea flat’, the Mail
on Sunday, London, 10 August 1997.
9.	Stuttaford, Dr Thomas, ‘Air marshal’s flight of fancy’, The
Times, 14 August 1997.
10.	Klarer, Elizabeth, Beyond the Light Barrier, Howard
Timmins, Cape Town, 1980.
11.	Clarke, Arthur C., ‘Why ET will never call home’, The
Times, London, 5 August 1997.
12.	Letters to the author from Arthur C. Clarke, CBE, 29
August and 2 October 1997.
13.	McAndrew, Capt. James, The Roswell Report: Case
Closed, Superintendent of Documents, US Government
Printing Office, Mail Stop SSOP, Washington, DC 20402-
9328., June 1997.
14.	Haines, Gerald K., ‘CIA’s Role in the Study of UFOs,
1947.-90’, Studies in Intelligence, Central Intelligence
Agency, spring 1997.
15.	The New York Times, 3 August 1997, quoted by Nick
Hopkins in the Daily Mail, London, 5 August 1997.
16.	Interestingly, Corso (who died in July 1998) also served
from 1954-57 on the National Security Council’s
Operations Coordination Board, later known as the
‘Special Group’ or ‘54/12 Committee’. This was the group
which, spanning several Presidential Administrations,
approved and evaluated the most sensitive covert
operations ever mounted by the United States.
17.	Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day
After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London,
1997., p. 129.
18.	Flying Saucer Review, FSR Publications Ltd., PO Box 162,
High Wycombe, Bucks. HP13 5DZ, England.
19.	Good, op. cit., p. 25.




PART ONE



=========================================================
Chapter 1. STRATEGIC RECONNAISSANCE

It was the morning of 5 April 1943. US Army Air Forces
flying instructor Gerry Casey, together with a student,
had taken off in a Vultee Valiant BT-13 trainer from the
USAAF Ferry Command Base at Long Beach, California.

After climbing through the cloud deck they cruised back
and forth at 5,000 feet for 40 minutes on the southeast-
northwest legs of the Long Beach low-frequency radio
range. Above the clouds, visibility was unlimited. At
09.50, looking east towards Santiago Mountain, Casey
thought he saw a flash of light. ‘Peering intently, I saw an
aircraft in a moderate dive aimed at our BT-13 with a
perfect interception angle [and] I prepared to take
evasive action if needed.’
The craft coming at us appeared to be painted an international
orange and was now about to pass on our left side. Unable to
determine the craft’s make or model, I knew it was unlike any
airplane I’d ever seen. As I studied it, I was shocked to see it
make a decidedly wobbly turn that quickly aligned it off our
left wing in instant and perfect formation.

Ordering his student to come out from under the hood
used for practising ‘blind’ flying (preventing the student
from seeing anything except his instruments), Casey
exclaimed that he thought Lockheed’s new secret plane,
rumoured to be propellerless (the Lockheed P-80
Shooting Star jet, which first flew in January the
following year), was flying in formation with them.

Instinctively, Casey reached for his camera, but realizing
he could get into serious trouble if he photographed a
secret plane, he put it away. The unknown aircraft defied
rational explanation:

I’d noticed that its turn appeared totally independent of air-
reaction but that when it was off our wing, the adjustment to
our altitude and course was perfect and instantaneous. Its
position with us was held as if an iron bar had been welded
between the two ... its color was a radiant orange, which
appeared to shimmer in the bright sunlight. As we watched, its
aft end made a slight adjustment and it shot away from our
position, disappearing in a climbing turn toward the ocean.

Later, both of us agreed that it was gone from sight in two
seconds.

An Exotic Aircraft

After landing, Casey and his student discussed the
‘exotic aircraft’. Both agreed that it was orange in
colour, changing to white when it accelerated. No
openings or signs of a cockpit could be detected, nor
could the means of propulsion be determined. Size was
difficult to estimate, but both pilots thought that if the
object had been 10 feet in diameter, it would have been
35 to 50 feet off their wingtip; if 50 to 75 feet in
diameter, it would have been 100 or more feet away.

Casey felt certain the object was elliptical, while the
student was certain it was circular. Both agreed it had a
rounded hump on the top and a smaller hump on the
bottom. Casey later computed its departure speed to be
over 7,000 m.p.h. - a computation with which the
student agreed.
‘Trying to recapture the details of an event that had
consumed less than 90 seconds kept my thoughts
occupied,’ said Casey. ‘I drew a pencil sketch of the
craft’s profile to confirm my opinion that it had been
designed and built of parabolic curves rather than
compass-drawn arcs. I could not reconcile its wobbling
flight nor its sudden and unbelievable acceleration.’

Conclusions

Following the war, Gerry Casey became an inspector for
the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA - later the
Federal Aviation Administration) at the Boeing Airplane
Company in Seattle. He remained convinced that what
he and his student had seen was a flying machine ‘light
years’ in advance of anything on Earth. For fear of
ridicule he dared not discuss the incident with his
colleagues. Then, in 1948, a memo came through the
CAA concerning the United States Air Force’s Project
Sign (later Project Grudge, still later Blue Book, USAF’s
official UFO investigations), urging that any personnel
who had a UFO experience should report it. ‘They added
that the person and the date would be investigated,’ said
Casey. ‘I did as suggested but never received any
acknowledgement or contact.’ An enduring curiosity led
him to make his own investigations and to form his own
conclusions:

Since that early time in UFO history, sightings throughout the
world have been reported by too many credible witnesses to
ignore . . . Airline and military pilots the world over have had
similar brief encounters with exotic machines such as seen by
my student and me in 1943 . . . For anyone to dismiss all
sightings by professional airmen, scientists, and radar and air
traffic personnel only displays the critic’s closed mind . . . For
any airman who has had a similar experience to mine, the
conscious event cannot be erased. Nor can it be rationalized
through comparisons with any known thing on Earth . . .

Credible scientists have noted that many sightings have
occurred in the vicinity of our atomic plants or military
installations. Other viewings have indicated that close
approaches were made in isolated areas.

Casey explained that ‘the sorry state of mankind
versus his environment and his apparent headlong flight
into self-destruction’ finally caused him to bare his soul
by coming forward with this important report. ‘If it is
true that we creatures are moving headlong into a selfdestructive 
mode,’ he concluded, ‘possibly the failure of
our planet could upset the balance of others in our, or a
nearby, planetary system. If this is true, then any other
superior race of creatures would be seriously
concerned.’1

ENCOUNTER OVER UKRAINE

On an unspecified date in 1944, during a mission to
Romania to bomb oil refineries used by the Germans,
Boris Surikov and his commander, Major Bajenov, were
flying at an altitude of five kilometres over southwest
Ukraine when they had an encounter with a highly
unusual aircraft. ‘In front of the plane, a large ellipticalshaped 
object flew towards us,’ Surikov told British
television producers Lawrence Moore and Livia Russell
in Moscow in 1994:

We’d read in the newspapers about new German weapons, but
we’d seen nothing like this. What happened was that our heavy
plane [unspecified], of 14.5 tonnes, started shaking, the oil
pressure rose, and when I leaned towards the window I felt a
strong electrostatic charge. I was worried that the plane would
burst into flames. It passed us and disappeared, but our plane
was still affected: I looked at the wings, and they were covered
in electrical discharges.

Major Bajenov, equally concerned that the plane was
about to catch fire, ordered the crew to jettison the bomb
load. ‘The whole plane was fluorescent and the wings
were glowing like a rainbow,’ said Surikov. ‘If it had
been up to me, I would have carried on and tried to fulfil
the mission, and if the plane would have caught fire I
would have jumped with a parachute.’ The commander,
having more experience, believed there was real danger
of the plane catching fire and the bombs exploding, so
gave orders to jettison the two-tonne bomb load in
southwest Ukraine instead of in Romania.

Mentioning nothing about the incident in their report
on the mission, Bajenov and Surikov stated merely that
they had successfully bombed Romanian oil refineries.
‘If we had said we had not carried out our mission,’
Surikov explained, ‘we could have been taken to court as
cowards.’

Surikov described the unknown object as similar in
some respects to the Russian and American space
shuttles. ‘It lit up the air around it. It looked like a
localized sunset, but in the centre was a strange-looking
flying object. It didn’t look at all like the burst of an antiaircraft 
shell, which is about 10 metres in diameter. It
was larger and longer than our Buran space shuttle - I
think about twice as long.’

Years later, Surikov asked scientists for their opinion
as to what he had seen. CI was told that one could not
rule out the possibility that the electrification of the
plane was due to the close proximity of a UFO with a
new type of propulsion system which ionized the
atmosphere.’

Surikov later became a specialist in rockets and
nuclear weapons. For a long time he worked at Soviet
Army headquarters as its chief authority on weapons of
mass destruction. ‘But I am proud,’ he points out, ‘to be
one of those who developed a treaty on the restriction of
anti-missile defence systems. For a long time I worked as
an expert in Geneva, where we were trying to promote
the disbanding of certain types of weapons of mass
destruction - nuclear, radiological, and so on.’

Now retired from the Soviet Armed Forces with the
rank of general-major, Surikov specializes in environment 
problems. He has also pondered the significance of
the UFO phenomenon:

We cannot rule out the possibility that creatures who may well
be superior to us are interested in what is happening to our
Earth . . . Scientists with whom I have discussed these matters
think that in those civilizations new types of energy have been
discovered which allow them to fly very far at great speed, so
it is very important for us to study them in order to make use
of these discoveries and to improve life on Earth.2

AN AERIAL MERRY-GO-ROUND
During the German occupation of France, Daniel Leger,
19	years old at the time, lived in a little village in the
department of Sarthe, 15 kilometres to the south of Le
Mans, working at a butcher’s shop. On a hot afternoon
in the summer of 1941, the exact date not recalled, Leger
was in the street when he noticed a kind of ‘merry-go-
round’ in the sky, beneath cirrus clouds and above the
airfield occupied by the Germans at Raineries. About a
dozen German aircraft were circling around a large,
aluminium-coloured ‘cloud’, shaped like the handle of a
frying pan and surrounded by puffs of cloud. It was
moving slowly and horizontally, though somewhat
tilted. Above all this hovered another, larger and
luminous ‘cloud’, moving at the same speed.

Deciding to take a closer look at this spectacle, Leger
jumped on his bike and raced towards the scene. A mile
further on, together with many other curious people, he
was stopped by a wall of soldiers. The German aircraft
continued circling the ‘cloud’ and manoeuvred as if they
were attacking, but without opening fire. When the
aircraft came close to the cloud they appeared to fall
down like leaves, only to rise again seconds later, as if
their engines had been stopped momentarily. The
witness observed this merry-go-round for an hour as it
moved from west to east, then he returned home.

After the war, Leger visited the municipal library in Le
Mans to search for press commentary on this extraordinary 
event: he found none. Perhaps Luftwaffe
records pertaining to this incident, censored at the time,
may one day be located, as well as testimony from other
witnesses. Leger had insisted on anonymity, so in his
book, Ultra Top-Secret, researcher and author Jean
Sider used the pseudonym ‘S. Theau’.3 Following the
death of the witness in 1993 or 1994, Sider kindly
provided me with the source’s real name, which appears
here for the first time. Important though this case is, it
pales into relative insignificance when compared to an
extraordinary encounter which befell Leger in 1943, to
be described further on.

Regarding the aircraft losing altitude when they
approached the ‘cloud’, it is interesting to note that,
according to information disclosed to the well-known
author, Jacques Vallee, by a former engineer with US
intelligence in Germany, Americans were already aware
by 1943 that UFOs (or ‘foo-fighters’, as they were then
dubbed by USAAF air crews)4 could interfere at a
distance with internal combustion engines. Investigators
at the time suspected that electrostatic effects were the
cause. A secret investigation into the phenomenon,
including an investigation into German research on jet
aircraft, was conducted in 1943 by the then US National
Bureau of Standards (now the National Institute of
Standards and Technology), under the direction of
Professor Dryden.5 A distinguished aerodynamicist, Dr
Hugh L. Dryden developed America’s first successful
radar-guided missile. He was chief of the aerodynamics
section of the National Bureau of Standards, later chief
of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics,
then the first deputy administrator of NASA.

In 1944, American planes returning to England from
bombing missions over the Continent were plagued
repeatedly by engine cut-outs. ‘The engines would
suddenly become rough, cutting in and out,’ a former US
intelligence officer explained to authors Ralph and Judy
Blum. ‘There was considerable discussion among
intelligence people as to what should be done. The
general feeling - that some new German device was
causing the electrical problems - presented one major
difficulty: the amount of electricity required to short out
a [bomber] engine was calculated as greater than all the
known electrical energy output of Europe!’6

FOO-FIGHTERS OVER ENGLAND

In June 1944 the Germans began launching against
London the first of their two Vergeltungswaffen
(retaliation weapons) - the V-l. Dubbed ‘doodle-bugs’
or ‘buzz bombs’ by the British, the V-ls, powered by a
pulse-jet, were launched from ramps in northwestern
France and directed to their target by a pre-set guidance
system. Over 8,000 V-ls were launched against London
alone, while thousands of others were launched against
Allied-held targets on the Continent. Owing to their
unreliability and relatively low speed (350 m.p.h.),
about a quarter of them failed and about half were
destroyed by countermeasures: aircraft interception,
anti-aircraft fire and barrage balloons. Only a quarter
reached their target areas and even then, some failed to
explode.7

In the summer of 1944, Bill Steele, who frequently
observed V-ls being attacked by Royal Air Force
fighters, was operating an excavator at Fairlight Quarry
near Hastings, Sussex. On clear days, he could see the
aircraft patrolling, the V-ls approaching and the
Observer Corps firing rocket signals to alert pilots. On
two occasions, he told me, he noticed something very
unusual:

It was while watching one of these that I saw these curious
discs. The impression was of hub-caps, though a little larger,
circling the V-l and running alongside with ease. I put them
down to something the RAF were using. They had no effect
whatsoever upon the V-ls. The odd thing was the curious
melodious whistle-like noise that I heard . . .8

HUMANOIDS IN FRANCE

It was not just ‘foo-fighters’ that were observed during
the Second World War. In the summer of 1944 a French
witness claims to have observed an unknown flying
machine together with its unusual occupants. Although
only 13 years old at the time, Madeleine Arnoux
retained a vivid recollection of the incident, which
occurred while she was picking berries at a farm near the
village of Le Verger, in the department of Saone et Loire.

CI was walking, slowly, looking for berries as I went,’
she recalled. ‘Up there ahead, something was standing
beside the trees, and there were some beings quite near
it. Looking back on it now, I think the machine must
have been of about the size of one of our small cars today
[and] it was of a dull metallic grey colour.’
The beings that were beside it must have been less than one
metre in height, and were dressed in a sort of brown-coloured
overalls. They made no gesture in my direction, and I, for my
part, was rooted to the spot ... I remember the oppressive
atmosphere and the thundery state of the weather, and I
remember how I had the feeling that I was unable to move.

Then suddenly I was able to do so. I wanted to get my bike,
which was lying a few metres from me. It took just the time
needed for me to bend down as I got it, and then, when I looked
up again towards the strange apparition, there was nothing
there ... All there was to be seen, at the spot where it had been,
was a violent wind blowing the trees about. I didn’t think of
looking up in the air, where, if I had done, I should no doubt
have still been able to see the machine as it was flying away.

Terrified, the witness made off at full speed to the
farm-house, where she mentioned nothing about her
experience. Nor did she tell anyone when she arrived
home, fearing to be branded a hoaxer. For a very long
time, Madeleine Arnoux thought about her weird
encounter, then forgot about it. It was only when
people began to talk about soucoupes volantes (flying
saucers) in the 1950s that she began to put two and two
together.

After all these years, the picture is still very clear in my memory
and I know perfectly well that I wasn’t dreaming and that what
I	saw that day in the woods wasn’t anything that is ‘known’...

It was 1944, and the Maquis people of the [French] Resistance
were quite plentiful in the area, but it couldn’t have been any
of them. Nor could it have been German soldiers, and had it
been either Maquis or Germans, unquestionably they would
have challenged me. So one can only think that I must have
been a witness of one of the earliest UFO visits.9

This fascinating report was sent to the editor of the
magazine Lumieres Dans La Nuit in 1972. It comes
across as an account by a sincere, puzzled witness. Of
particular significance is Madeleine Arnoux’s reference
to feeling paralysed, a feature increasingly, evident in
close encounters in the years following the Second
World War. The ‘violent wind blowing the trees about’
during take-off is also reported in many other such cases.

RETRIEVALS OF CRAFT AND BODIES

While it is widely believed that the first recovery by US
military forces of a crashed UFO took place in New
Mexico in July 1947 (the so-called Roswell Incident),10
there are intriguing stories of UFO recovery operations
some years earlier.

Missouri, USA

Raymond Fowler, a UFO researcher who once served in
the United States Air Force (USAF) Security Service,
learned of the recovery of a crashed UFO near Cape
Girardeau, Missouri, in the spring of 1941. Fowler’s
source was Charlotte Mann, granddaughter of a witness,
Reverend William Huffman, a Baptist. In a letter to the
late Leonard Stringfield, a former USAF intelligence
officer and the leading specialist in what he called cUFO
crash/retrievals’, Mann shared her knowledge of the
case:

About 9 to 9:30 one evening, granddad got a telephone call
from the police department, saying they had received reports
that a plane had crashed outside of town and would he go in
case someone needed him ... A car was sent to get him, but
grandmother said it wasn’t a police car. After grandfather
returned that night, he explained what he had seen to my
grandmother, my father, Guy, and Uncle Wayne, but they were
never to speak of it again as he had given his word.

Grandmother said he never did talk about it after that.

He said they drove out of town 13-15 miles or so, then
parked the cars on the side of the road and had to walk a
quarter of a mile or so into a field where he could see fire
burning. Grandfather said it wasn’t an airplane or like any
craft he’d ever seen. It was broken and scattered all around, but
one large piece was still together and it appeared to have a
rounded shape with no edges or seams. It had a very shiny
metallic finish. You could see inside one section and see what
looked like a metal chair with a panel with many dials and
gauges - none familiar-looking to him.

He said when he got there, men were already sifting through
things. There were some police officers, plain-clothes people
and military men. There were three bodies, not human, that
had been taken from the wreckage and laid on the ground.

Grandfather said prayers over them so he got a close look but
didn’t touch them. He didn’t know what had killed them
because they didn’t appear to have any injuries and they
weren’t burnt. It was hard for him to tell if they had on suits or
if it was their skin but they were covered head to foot in what
looked like wrinkled aluminum foil . . .

There were several people with cameras taking pictures of
everything. Two of the plain-clothes men picked up one of the
little men, held it under its arms. A picture was taken. That
was the picture I later saw. Then, one of the military officers
talked to granddad and told him he was not to talk about or
repeat anything that had taken place for security reasons and
so as not to alarm the people. Granddad returned home, told
his family. That was it. About two weeks after it happened, he
came home with a picture of the two men holding the little
man . . .

My recollection from what I saw in the picture was a small
man about 4 feet tall with a large head and long arms. He was
thin and no bone structure was apparent; kind of soft-looking.

He had no hair on his head or body, with large, oval, slightly
slanted eyes but not like an oriental from left to right, more up
and down. He had no ears at all and no nose like ours. There
appeared to be only a couple of small holes where his nose
should have been. His mouth was as if you had just cut a small
straight line where it should have been. His skin or suit looked
like crinkled-up tin foil and it covered all of him ... I believe
he had three fingers, all quite long, but I can’t be sure on this.

One of the first checks Stringfield made was to
establish whether the photograph seen by Charlotte
Mann was identical to a bogus photograph released as
an April Fool’s Day joke in Germany in 1950, showing
some men in hats and coats holding a little silver man. It
was in no way similar, as Mann confirmed. (The photo
was lent by her grandfather to a friend, who never
returned it.)

If this event really occurred, one is left to wonder
why no more witnesses have come forward. Were they
all intimidated? Whatever the case, Stringfield was
impressed. ‘After discussing the incident several times
with Charlotte by phone, I felt increasingly comfortable 
with her manner of response to my questions,’
he concluded. ‘To me, she sounded sincere.’11

Sonora, Mexico

Dr James Harder, a professor of civil engineering and a
UFO investigator, believes that a crashed spacecraft may
have been recovered from the Sonoran desert in Mexico
(south of Arizona) late in 1941. Reportedly, recovery
was effected by a team from the US Office of Naval
Intelligence (ONI). One member of the team, unable to
contain the importance of what had been discovered,
brought home to share with his immediate family some
photographs supposedly showing an unusual craft and
small bodies.12

Dr Harder told me that the location of the incident
was determined by one of his co-investigators, the late
Jim Lorenzen, co-founder of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization (APRO), to which Harder was a
consultant. Together with another APRO consultant, Dr
Leo Sprinkle, Harder interviewed a relative of the
witness. He informed me that although the relative was
only 10 years old or so at the time of the alleged incident,
she seemed reliable and convincing. ‘She had been sitting
on the information for a long time, and had decided that
APRO was the organization to talk to,’ Harder
explained. He continued:

She was looking from a stair landing when she observed her
uncle showing her family a sheaf of 8 x 10 prints of a UFO
crashed horizontal on level ground. In one of the pictures, he
himself was holding up a small spindly dead body, about 3.5
feet tall - the picture had been taken by a friend. A small pile
of other small bodies was over to one side. The UFO took up
nearly the entire frame. By various deductions from the
witness’s age, etc., we estimated the time of her seeing the
prints was about Halloween, 1941 . . . Jim Lorenzen did send,
against my advice, some local investigator around to question
the retired officer [name supplied], who naturally clammed up,
so at least he knows we know, if he is still alive.13

‘North of Georgia’, USA

According to another of Leonard Stringfield’s sources, a
crash of an unknown craft took place in a state ‘north of
Georgia’ during the summer of 1942. The source, given
the pseudonym Mary Nunn, served in a key civilian
capacity in one of the two armed forces at the time of the
incident.

Nunn claimed that a spacecraft had crashed at an
Army base, causing damage to a building and minor
ruptures to the side of the craft. Described as generally
round in shape, the craft was 15 feet wide and 10 feet
high, divided into three main sections: a control room, a
compartment with four seats and a bottom bay equipped
with a trap-door exit. In the control section was one
large window and a number of smaller windows around
the sides. The craft was silver in colour with markings on
the inside as well as the outside. There also were crew
members, Stringfield was told:

The four crew members, taken alive, died about two weeks later
of apparent starvation. Described as five feet tall, weighing
about 90 to 100 pounds, the skin... was a milky white, smooth
like a baby’s, and without hair. Facial features were generalized;
the eyes large and black like bug eyes, ears were small, lips thin
slits. The fingers, numbering five, were long, bony; the feet flat,
about size 6 with half-inch bony toes. The female had small
breasts and, according to the source, the race could reproduce
but there was no hint as to their genitalia . . . They had teeth,
very white, wide and short. I asked about nourishment, how it
was digested and eliminated. No answers . . .

Communications were telepathic but when I asked about
other details, anatomical, organic or emotional or about their
craft, propulsion and all the other usual questions, came
silence; that was it. . .14

ENCOUNTER WITH A GROUNDED CRAFT AND AVIATRIX

In 1943 Daniel Leger (whose 1941 observation of
German aircraft in pursuit of unknown objects is
described earlier) was conscripted by the Germans for
Service du Travail Obligatoire (compulsory working
service) at a labour camp in Gdynia (renamed
Gotenhafen by the Germans), north of Gdansk, on the
Baltic coast of Poland. Leger had obtained permission
from the head of camp to visit Exelgroud, near Gdynia.

Because transportation was not available, he set out on
the sunny afternoon of 18 July on foot, by way of a short
cut over the sand dunes running along the beach.

Reaching the top of a dune, Leger observed a peculiar
metallic object, of a greyish aluminium hue, embedded
in the sand. Approaching the device, he saw a human
figure crouched on the ground, attempting manually to
remove the sand that covered the lower part of the
object. Although only the back of the figure was visible,
Leger noted that it was a woman, with long blond hair,
slim waist and broad hips. He assumed that she was a
German Air Force pilot, because at that time there were
a number of female Luftwaffe pilots in Exelgroud, as
well as female technicians who loaded and transported
torpedoes at the local German naval base. Leger was
reluctant to make his presence known, but the woman
seemed to have been aware of him. She turned around
and stood up, revealing her height to be about 1.75
metres - above average for her sex.

The aviatrix wore a tight-fitting one-piece suit of dark-
brown cloth, without pockets or fasteners, emphasizing
her feminine form. The witness also observed a pair of
pads on each calf, the upper part of which appeared like
boots, of the same colour, forming an integral part of the
suit. A four-inch-wide belt encircled her waist, the same
colour as the suit, with the exception of a square silvery
buckle. Her features were regular, with white skin,
devoid of any kind of cosmetics, but with slightly
slanted, Asian-like eyes. Her hair, parted equally, fell
freely down her back. The only other visible part of her
body was her long, slim hands, with short-cut nails, ‘like
a pianist’, lacking any nail varnish.

The craft, embedded in the sand, looked like a
‘colonial hat’. Later, as it took off, Leger could see that
it was constructed like two plates joined together,
separated by a middle section consisting of two rings
with a black line between them. The craft was estimated
to be about six metres in diameter and two metres in
height. Several square portholes with rounded edges
were spaced on the upper section, the exact number
being indeterminable. No insignia, seams, weldings or
connections were apparent on the upper part, which
seemed to be made in one piece.

The aviatrix began talking to Leger in a language he
could not interpret. Although it sounded quite guttural,
it corresponded with neither German nor Polish.

Because the most common sounds were vowels and
diphthongs, he assumed it was not Russian. (Years after
the war, Leger met Tahitians, whose native tongue
sounded similar, though by no means identical, to that
of the aviatrix.) In any event, Leger had the impression
that she understood his French (this was just an
impression, not a certainty). Gesturing animatedly with
her hands while talking, she gave him to understand
from this that she wanted him to continue the work she
had left off, removing sand from the craft. Leger, being
accustomed to obeying orders from the Germans, went
about this task, and after some 10 minutes succeeded in
freeing the ‘new fighter plane’ from the sand.

The woman appeared to be happy about this and,
smiling contentedly, continued talking with Leger.

Suddenly realizing with some surprise that he did not
understand a word, she finally pointed to the sky, tapped
her chest with the palm of her hand two or three times,
and did the same to him. She then placed her hand on her
buckle, whereupon a rectangular opening immediately
became visible on the lower part of the craft’s hull. First,
a panel appeared on the hitherto seamless hull, then the
panel was withdrawn several centimetres into the object
and slid aside. The woman entered her craft after
indicating to Leger that he should move away. The panel
closed, leaving the hull looking as if the door did not
exist.

Through one of the portholes, Leger observed that the
interior was devoid of instruments. He saw the aviatrix
sprawling ‘on all fours’ - or rather, in a stretched
position - in the middle of the floor, as if she was driving
a motorbike in a competition. (Investigator Jean Sider
remarks that although this seemingly ludicrous detail
tends to minimize credibility in the report, it was
precisely this detail that led him to believe in the reality
of the incident, based on comparison with a little-known
1954 case - see p. 229.) A slight rumbling sound could
be heard and two rings on the craft began to rotate at an
ever-increasing speed; the lower one clockwise and the
upper one counterclockwise. The dark stripe separating
the rings became luminous and began to vibrate, at
which point the craft rose from the ground, slowly at
first, then suddenly accelerated and disappeared in a
northerly direction, at a speed far in excess of any
German aircraft with which the witness was familiar.

Although Leger had touched the hull of the craft a few
times while removing the sand, he did not notice any
untoward physiological effects, during neither the hours
nor the days following his adventure. Convinced that he
had just witnessed the landing of an experimental
aircraft, he quietly continued on his walk to Exelgroud,
deciding not to discuss the experience with others.

Later Developments

After the Liberation, Leger got a job at an American
Army Air Forces unit, where some USAAF gunners told
him that during several missions they were accompanied
by luminous disc-shaped objects - nicknamed ‘foo-
fighters’ - which they assumed were German or Russian
in origin. This conversation later inspired Leger to
discuss the 1943 report with his workshop leader, one
Sergeant Chappedelaine. The latter informed the colonel
commanding the unit, who asked Leger to relate the
incident to him in person.

At the end of 1945 Leger began to work with the
Renault company in Le Mans, a job he held until his
retirement in March 1982. After the war, he followed
closely developments in aeronautics, hoping to find
information about the unusual aircraft he had witnessed
at Gdynia. He studied everything he could about the
Peenemlinde experimental centre on the Baltic coast,
130 miles to the west of Gdynia, where the Germans
developed the V-l flying bomb, the V-2 rocket and other
weapons under the direction of Dr Wernher von Braun.

Of particular interest to him was Hanna Reitsch, the
legendary German female test-pilot who had flown
aircraft such as the V-le (a piloted version of the V-l
flying bomb, developed to test control problems with the
V-l) and the Messerschmitt Me-163 rocket-powered
fighter. Facts Leger gathered about research by German
aeronautical experts supported a growing conviction: he
had seen a unique fighter aircraft, tested not by Hanna
Reitsch, but by a colleague of hers. (Reitsch’s features,
which he had seen in various magazines, did not match
those of ‘his’ aviatrix.)
Because of the V-7 project - allegedly involving
several conventionally propelled German aircraft or
helicopters, some with lenticular-shaped wings, which
had been developed towards the end of the war -
rumours circulated in the sensationalist press that Nazis
exiled in South America after the war had developed
these ‘flying saucers’, with which they were planning to
avenge the Nazi defeat. Such rumours further confused
Leger, who remained uncertain how to explain his own
astonishing encounter.15

Interestingly, there is circumstantial evidence that at
least one of the V-7 project aircraft was prototyped.

According to the researcher and author Mark Ian
Birdsall, several projects involving a circular-wing
aircraft were conceived during the war, the most
elaborate of which was constructed by Dr Richard
Miethe at facilities in Breslau (Wroclaw), Poland, and in
Prague. A small prototype was rumoured to have flown
over the Baltic Sea in January 1943, and two full-scale
aircraft with a diameter of 135 feet were eventually built.

Also, reports Birdsall, another V-7 project was a
‘spinning saucer’, based on helicopter principles, about
35 feet in diameter, designed by Rudolf Schriever, a
small prototype of which was allegedly first flown in
1943.16 Could either of these small prototype aircraft
have been the one seen by Leger in July 1943? It is
unlikely. Apart from being of differing designs, small
prototypes would have been unmanned. This is not to
rule out the possibility that the Germans actually
produced a number of circular flying machines at this
time. The question remains: Did they actually fly?

Though the majority of aviation experts are completely
sceptical, it is difficult to disregard altogether the
testimony of Professor Hermann Oberth, one of the
great pioneers in astronautics and the teacher of
Wernher von Braun, who claimed, rather extravagantly,
that the V-7 and various modifications were responsible
for many UFO reports during the closing stages of the
war:

At the end of the war we developed, first in Prague, then in
Vienna, the V-7 helicopter - this could easily have been
mistaken for a flying saucer. Instead of having rotor blades like
an ordinary helicopter, the V-7 had rotating tubes which
released an ‘exhaust’ of flame. As the tubes rotated, the
helicopter appeared to have a circle of flame round it, and at a
distance it looked like a shining disc. When it hovered, the
flame was dark-red and dim. At higher speeds the disc
appeared lighter and the flame looked yellowish, then white. At
its highest speed .. . the V-7 tipped over and flew on its side. A
significant feature is that it was extremely noisy in flight, and
produced a thick trail in the stratosphere.

Dr Oberth (who was firmly convinced that
unexplained UFOs were extraterrestrial in origin) added
that: ‘The V-7 certainly does not explain UFO reports
before the end of the war.’17 Certainly too, from
information provided by Oberth, the V-7 helicopter was
nothing like the grounded disc reported by Leger, and a
great deal noisier. Furthermore, despite Oberth’s claim,
I doubt that a full-scale version of the V-7 ever flew.

Science writer Brian Ford, author of a book on German
secret weapons, believes that although some progress
may have been made towards the construction of a small
disc-like aircraft, the results were destroyed, before they
could fall into enemy hands.18 Ronald Humble, an
aerospace and defence expert, also concludes that there
is no hard evidence for German disc-aircraft having
actually flown.19

It was not until the late 1950s, when Leger read about
flying saucer sightings as well as the first artificial
satellites, that he became divided in his opinion as to the
origin of the craft he had seen, though he remained
convinced that it was most likely a prototype of a
revolutionary aircraft that the Germans were unable to
develop in large numbers, owing to the intensive Allied
bombing missions at that time.

In spite of his many contacts with first-generation
French UFO researchers, such as Rene Fouere and Marc
Thirouin, Leger’s natural reserve prevented him from
discussing his experiences with them. Furthermore, he
had read about ridicule heaped on many UFO witnesses.

Then, in June 1989, he approached Jean Sider. This led
to several meetings, and so impressed was Sider that he
published the accounts in Ultra Top-Secret.

Comparisons with Adamski’s Initial Encounter
The description by George Adamski of the ‘man from
Venus’ he claims to have encountered in the Californian
desert in November 1952 (Chapter 6) closely resembles
Leger’s account. In his first book, Flying Saucers Have
Landed, co-authored with Desmond Leslie, Adamski
described the ‘Venusian’ as follows:

His hands were slender, with long tapering fingers like the
beautiful hands of an artistic woman. In fact, in different
clothing he could easily have passed for an unusually beautiful
woman; yet he definitely was a man.

He was about five feet, six inches in height. . . and I would
estimate him to be about twenty-eight years of age, although he
could have been much older. He was round faced with an
extremely high forehead; large, but calm, grey-green eyes,
slightly aslant at the outer corners; with slightly higher cheek
bones than an Occidental, but not so high as an Indian or an
Oriental ... As nearly as I can describe his skin the colouring
would be an even, medium-coloured suntan. And it did not
look to me as if he had ever had to shave, for there was no more
hair on his face than a child’s. His hair was sandy in colour and
hung in beautiful waves to his shoulders . . .

His clothing was a one-piece garment ... Its colour was
chocolate brown ... A band about eight inches in width
circled his waist ... I saw no zippers, buttons, buckles,
fasteners or pockets of any kind, nor did I notice seams as our
garments show . . . He wore no ring, watch, or any other
ornament of any kind.20

In spite of some differences in attire (the man’s, for
example, was not tight-fitting) and footwear (he wore
unusual shoes, as opposed to ‘boots’) from that
described by Leger, there are some extraordinary
parallels. It is of course possible that Leger fabricated
his story, based on Adamski’s account: Leger was very
well versed in UFO literature, having 90 books on the
subject (in French). From the end of the war, he was
driven by an irresistible desire to read anything
concerning aerial mysteries. Asked for his opinion of
Adamski, he replied immediately that he thought
Adamski’s first meeting was authentic, but that since
then he had gone on to tell fanciful stories. This may
well be the case, as I shall discuss later.

Leger’s experience, like so many other contact stories,
contains apparent absurdities. Yet Jean Sider is
convinced by the witness’s account. ‘I would like to
stress the fact that during our first meeting on June 25,
1989,1 got a very strong impression that I could rely on
him,’ he reports. ‘At no time did he give me the
impression that he was fabricating . . . His account is
very hard to believe, I must confess. But it was given by
a man who appeared to me to be very down-to-earth. He
was sixty-seven years old in 1989, but still very active,
both physically and mentally. He was quite frank and
possessed an intellectual honesty, and he escaped from a
few small traps I set for him to see if he would contradict
himself at some point. Furthermore, I doubt that his
intellectual faculties - and I must stress that they are
really modest - would have allowed him to fabricate
such a complicated case . . .’21

AN ENCOUNTER ABOVE THE WORLD’S FIRST ATOMIC PLANT

Rolan D. Powell was serving at the US Naval Air Station,
Pasco, Washington, in the summer of 1945, training new
pilots in preparation for aircraft carrier operations in the
Pacific. In addition, he and other pilots were detailed to
protect the top-secret Hanford Engineering Works, the
large plutonium-production facility, located 60 miles
away from Pasco. Although few of the pilots expected a
Japanese attack on the plant, aircraft were kept in a state
of constant readiness.

At noon on a certain date, estimated by Powell to have
been about six weeks before the Japanese surrender on 2
September, Pasco radar detected a fast-moving object
that assumed a holding pattern directly above the
Hanford plant. Six Grumman F6F Hellcat fighters were
scrambled to intercept. In an interview nearly fifty years
later with Walter Andrus, a US Navy electronics
technician programme instructor during the Second
World War and currently International Director of the
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), Powell, a war hero
who later became a test pilot for McDonnell Douglas,
described the object as at an estimated altitude of 65,000
feet and ‘the size of three aircraft carriers side by side,
very streamlined like a stretched-out egg and pinkish in
colour’. Powell also reported that some kind of vapour
was emitted around the edges from portholes or vents,
which he speculated was for the purpose of camouflage.

The Navy pilots were unable to believe what they were
seeing. Under orders, they forced the Hellcats to 42,000
feet - well above their rated ceiling of 37,000 feet - but
were unable to reach the unknown object’s altitude and
so returned to base. After hovering in a fixed position
above the Hanford plant for twenty minutes longer, the
object disappeared vertically. 22 23
THREE MYSTERIOUS STRANGERS
During an air-raid warning a few days before the heavy
bombardment of a central German city in January 1945,
citizens gathered in an air-raid shelter were visited by
three young men who asked to inspect the shelter. The
visitors wore peculiar dark, tight-fitting, high-necked
one-piece suits, and despite an outside temperature of
eight degrees below zero, they wore neither headgear nor
scarves. Their footwear reminded one witness of gym
shoes, which hardly suited the snowy conditions. All
present were struck by the fact that the shoes made no
noise on the ground. A further striking factor was that
the men did not speak to one another, and only one of
them spoke at all, with an odd accent. All three looked
similar, with ‘beautiful, symmetric features’ and dark
hair.

The mysterious strangers looked around the shelter
briefly. Their ‘spokesman’ remarked merely that, in the
event of another air-raid warning, everyone should be
inside the shelter. They then left the building.

Investigations later revealed that these three men had
been seen only by those present in the shelter. In a nearby
clearing, about 135 feet square, footprints were found in
the snow, but no trails of cars or other vehicles led to the
spot. Furthermore, officials stated that no inspectors had
been sent to the air-raid shelter on the night in question.

Suspicions arose that the three men might have been
English spies, but would spies have made themselves so
conspicuous?

For fear of ridicule, the person who provided this
story remains anonymous. Years later, when reading
Flying Saucers Have Landed, this person noticed that in
a drawing of Adamski’s ‘Venusian’, the visitor’s
footwear looked exactly like that of the three strangers
in the shelter. Interestingly, during heavy bombardment
a few days afterwards, the witness’s apartment block
was completely destroyed, but all its occupants, heeding
the strangers’ warning, were inside the air-raid shelter.24

Alternative interpretations might explain this event in
prosaic terms, of course; yet there are parallels here with
those reports of encounters with ‘angelic’ human beings
dating back for thousands of years; parallels which
become even more apparent when we examine
encounters reported, increasingly, in the twentieth
century.


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Casey, Gerry A., ‘UFO: The time for telling has come’,
Western Flyer, Tacoma, Washington, 7 July 1989.
2.	Interview with General-Major Boris Surikov by Lawrence
Moore and Livia Russell, Moscow, February 1994. Part of
this interview was shown in the documentary Network
First: UFO, produced, written and directed by Lawrence
Moore for Central Productions, 1994.
3.	Sider, Jean, Ultra Top-Secret: Ces ovnis qui font peur; Axis
Mundi, Avenue Calizzi, 20220 Ile-Rousse, France, 1990,
pp. 369-70.
4.	For further information on ‘foo-fighters’ and UFOs
reported during the Second World War, see Beyond Top
Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat by Timothy
Good (Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996).
5.	Vallee, Jacques, Forbidden Science: Journals 1957-1969,
North Atlantic Books, Berkeley, California, 1992, p. 309.
6.	Blum, Ralph, with Blum, Judy, Beyond Earth: Man's
Contact with UFOs, Corgi Books, London, 1974, p. 67.
7.	Von Braun, Wernher, and Ordway III, Frederick I., History
of Rocketry and Space Travel, Thomas Nelson & Sons,
London, 1966, pp. 104-5.
8.	Letter to the author from Bill Steele, 19 August 1992.
9.	Lagarde, F., ‘A French Landing in 1944’, Lumieres Dans
La Nutt, no. 118, June 1972, translated by Gordon
Creighton and published in Flying Saucer Review Case
Histories, supplement no. 12, December 1972, p. 8.
10.	Good, op. cit.
11.	Stringfield, Leonard H., UFO Crash/Retrievals: The Inner
Sanctum, Status Report VI, July 1991, pp. 69-71.

Published by Stringfield, 4412 Grove Avenue, Cincinnati,
Ohio 45227.
12.	Harder, Dr James A., ‘The Ins and Outs of UFOs and
Secrecy since 1940’, The APRO Bulletin, Aerial
Phenomena Research Organization, Tucson, Arizona, vol.
32., no. 2, 1984, p. 6.
13.	Letter to the author from Dr James Harder, 15 January
1997.
14.	Stringfield, Leonard H., UFO CrashIRetrievals: Search for
Proof in a Hall of Mirrors, Status Report VIII, Stringfield,
February 1994, pp. 5-6.
15.	Sider, op. cit., pp. 370-9.
16.	Birdsall, Mark Ian, Flying Saucers of the Third Reich: The
Legacy of Prague-Kbely (pending publication).
17.	Oberth, Professor Hermann, ‘They Come from Outer
Space’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 1, no. 2, May-June
1955., pp. 12-15.
18.	Ford, Brian, German Secret Weapons: Blueprint for Mars,
Ballantine Books, New York, 1969.
19.	Humble, Ronald D., ‘The German Secret Weapon/UFO
Connection’, UFO, vol. 10, no. 4, 1995, pp. 21-5.
20.	Leslie, Desmond, and Adamski, George, Flying Saucers
Have Landed, Werner Laurie, London, 1953, pp. 195-6.
21.	Sider, op. cit.
22.	Powell, Rolan D., Varner, Byron D., and Andrus, Walter,
‘UFO Sighting over Hanford Nuclear Reactor in 1945’,
MUFON UFO Journal, no. 344, December 1996, pp. 13.-14.
23.	Varner, Byron D., Living on the Edge: An American War
Heroys Daring Feats as a Navy Fighter Pilot, Civilian Test
Pilot, and CIA Mercenary, available from Rolan Powell,
PO Box 1307, Round Rock, Texas 18680.
24.	UFO-Nachrichten, Wiesbaden, Germany, January 1961.


=============================================================
Chapter 2. A PANTOMIME OF UNREALITIES

For a few hundred years, rumours persisted that a
strange group of people, who kept their distance from
the local populace, resided in the vicinity of California’s
majestic Mount Shasta. In the late nineteenth century,
there were sporadic reports of individuals seen emerging
from the forests in the vicinity of Shasta to visit local
towns and trade nuggets and gold dust in exchange for
basic commodities. Described as tall, graceful and agile,
with distinctive features such as large foreheads and long
curly hair, the strangers wore unusual clothes, including
head-dresses with a special decoration that came down
from the forehead to the bridge of the nose.

On some occasions, powerful illuminations were
observed in the forests, and strangely beautiful music
could be heard. Invariably, when an investigator
approached the area, he would be met by a ‘heavily
covered and concealed person of a large size who would
lift him up and turn him away’ from the area. Other
intruders reportedly were affected by some invisible
influence, causing them to become temporarily
paralysed.1

All attempts by the local community to get close to or
photograph these mysterious individuals proved
fruitless. On some such occasions, it was alleged, the
strangers would either run away or suddenly vanish into
thin air. ‘Those who have come to stores in nearby cities,
especially at Weed,’ reported author Wishar Cerve,
‘have spoken English in a perfect manner with perhaps a
tinge of the British accent, and have been reluctant to
answer questions or give any information about
themselves. The goods they have purchased have always
been paid for in gold nuggets of far greater value than
the article purchased, and they have refused to accept
any change, indicating that to them gold was of no value
and that they had no need for money of any kind.’2
Not only were powerful lights often seen emanating
from certain areas - years before electricity was in use -
but there were also reports, in the early twentieth
century, of cars that stalled on approaching the remote
area apparently inhabited by these beings; a curious
circumstance that was to become common during close
encounters with UFOs reported years later. ‘At an
unexpected point where a light flashed before them the
automobile refused to function properly,’ commented
Cerve in 1931, ‘for the electric circuit seemed to lose its
power and not until the passengers emerged from the car
and backed it on the road for a hundred feet and turned
it in the opposite direction, would the electric power give
any manifestation and the engine function properly.’
Still others reported encountering strange cattle,
‘unlike anything seen in America’, which would run
back towards the area inhabited by the mysterious
group. Of particular relevance are the (undated)
sightings of peculiar aerial vessels:

There are hundreds of others who have testified to having seen
peculiarly shaped boats which have flown out of this region
high in the air over the hills and valleys of California and have
been seen by others to come on to the waters of the Pacific
Ocean at the shore and then continue out on the seas as vessels
... and others have seen these boats rise again in the air and go
upon the land of some of the islands of the Pacific . . . Only
recently a group of persons playing golf on one of the golf links
of California near the foothills of the Sierra Nevada range saw
a peculiar, silver-like vessel rise in the air and float over the
mountaintops and disappear. It was unlike any airship that has
ever been seen and there was absolutely no noise emanating
from it to indicate that it was moved by a motor of any kind.3

Were these mysterious people the survivors of the
mythical lost continent of Lemuria - a theory espoused
by Rosicrucian mystics, including Wishar Cerve - or
might they have been of extraterrestrial origin? I do not
have the answer to these questions, but evidently there
are parallels with other, later accounts.

ZRET AND THE NORCANS

‘Oh help me, help me!’ It was June 1920, and 16-year-
old Albert Coe was on a canoeing vacation in Ontario
with his companion Rod. Alone at the time, Coe heard
the muffled cry while clambering to the top of an
outcropping of rocks in remote and rough terrain on the
Mattawa River. Looking around, Coe could see no one,
so he let out a yell. Slightly to his right and ahead came
an answer. ‘Oh help me, I’m down here.’
‘I still couldn’t see anyone,’ said Coe, ‘and had walked
about 25 feet in the direction of the voice when I came
to a five-foot-wide cleft in the base rock that ran
diagonally toward the river. Wedged down this narrowing 
crevice was a young man with his blond head some
two and a half feet from the surface. He only had one
arm free, so I reached over and grabbed his wrist, but
could not budge him. We always carried a coil of rope
and a hunting knife, so I cut down a sapling about 10 or
15	feet long to use as a lever, and working my rope under
the pit of his pinned arm, circled it around his back and
chest, bringing a loop to ground level, at the same time
telling him I would try to pry him out. If I failed, I told
him not to worry, for my pal was somewhere on the
other side of the river, and between the two of us we
would free him.’

Slipping the pole through the loop and using the
opposite edge as a fulcrum point, Coe gave a heave and
felt the stranger move. Raising the lever end higher he
propped it on a tree branch, jumped the crevice and
pulled the man out. His legs were so numb that he was
unable to stand, and the left hip, knee and shin were
badly lacerated. The first thing he asked for was water,
so Coe clambered back down the rocks to the river and
fetched some in his felt hat. Slitting two of his
bandannas, Coe also bathed and dressed the wounds.

Then some oddities became apparent:

As I was helping him my curiosity was rising as to the identity
of my ‘patient’. I told him of our trip and that I was searching
for a way to open water, at the same time noticing he was
wearing an odd silver-gray, tight jumper-type garment that had
a sheen of silk to it. It had a leathery feeling without a belt or
visible fasteners attached, but just under the chest was a small
instrument panel. Several of the knobs and dials were broken,
from being jammed against the rock in his fall. Being so many
miles from any form of civilization, I pointedly asked where he
was from, if he was on a canoe trip, also when and what had
happened to cause his misfortune.

He said that he was not canoeing, but had a plane parked in
a clearing, three or four hundred yards downstream, and had
started out early the previous morning to do some fishing. In
attempting to jump over the crevice, the loose earth and moss
had given way underfoot and he had just about given up all
thought of ever getting out alive when he heard some of the
stones, loosened in my ascent, bouncing down the rock ... he
decided to cry out and said that my answering yell was like a
miracle.

‘Well, planes were very primitive in those days,’ Coe
went on, ‘and if you can imagine the side of the
mountain, coming down, and all those rocks and
branches, how the heck did he manage to land a plane?

So I didn’t say anything to him - I was thinking the guy
was nuts. I thought maybe he’d banged his head and was
having hallucinations.’

The stranger requested Coe’s name and address,
expressing his eternal gratitude for having been saved.

He asked Coe to look for his small tackle-box and
fishing-rod which he had dropped when he fell down the
crevice. Coe was unable to find the tackle-box, but he
did locate the fishing-rod. ‘The mystery of this strange
person deepened within me,’ said Coe, ‘the peculiar
outfit, a plane landing in this rocky forest and now a
fishing-rod, the likes of which I had never seen.’
The butt was about three-quarters of an inch in diameter and
had the same leathery touch as his suit, but bright blue and
formed in a slight rounded protuberance just above it. It had a
tiny slot in either side and continuance in a slender aluminum
shaft. It had no guides or reel, for the fine line came directly out
from the inside at its tip, as a fine filament, to which was
attached a conventional dry fly. I asked where he had
purchased such a rod and the question was partially parried
with a reply that his father was a research engineer and it was
one of his own design.

By now, the circulation was beginning to return to the
stranger’s numbed limbs. Although occasionally
grimacing from pain, the man’s overall composure,
without apparent reaction to the stress or shock from
such a torturous ordeal, was astonishing. An offer to
help the man back to his plane was at first declined.

Coe and his companion, Rod, had come up against a
lot of logs and other flotsam in the river and were
anxious to find passage through or around it. The
stranger said that, observed from his aircraft, five to six
tough miles lay ahead, though he thought the teenagers
could perhaps pull their canoe through some of the
shallow, swampy water. ‘He did not want to impose
upon me any further and said I had better think of
starting back, for he had already been quite a burden,’
explained Coe.

From the condition of his leg I doubted that he could even
walk, but made no comment as I helped him up. He took two
steps, swayed and grabbed a tree to keep from going down. I
threw one arm around his waist, lifted his left arm over my
shoulder and insisted again that he accept my aid ... He finally
gave in, but on condition of a promise; asking for my solemn
word that I would not divulge to anyone, not even my partner,
anything that had taken place today, or what I may see. He
then told me that his father had developed a new type plane
that was still in an experimental stage and highly secret, but he
often helped in the lab when home from school. As sort of a
test, his father had permitted him to use the plane for this
fishing trip. In the future he would fully explain the reason for
his request that I keep my promise.

Agreeing to this request, Coe supported and halfcarried 
the man downstream to his aircraft.

The Craft

In a clearing beside the river, no more than 70 or 80 feet
wide, stood the aircraft. Fully expecting it to be some
type of conventional plane, Coe was astounded by what
he saw.

A round silver disc, about 20 feet in diameter, was standing on
three legs in the form of a tripod, without propeller, engine,
wings or fuselage. As we approached, I noticed a number of
small slots around the rim, and it sloped up to a rounded
central dome. I had to duck to walk with him underneath,
between the legs, although it was slightly concave and only
about four and a half feet from the ground.

He said, ‘Surprised?’ That wasn’t actually the word for it,
but I did not press him with questions, realizing he was
suffering a great deal of pain. The only thing I was trying to
figure was, how the hell does the damn thing fly?

I grabbed hold of him and he said, “Take me toward
the centre of the craft.” He reached into the end of one
of three recessed panels in its bottom that fanned out
centerwise from the base of each leg, pressed a button,
and a door swung down with two ladder rungs moulded
on its inner surface. I clasped my hands under his good
foot and boosted him in. He peered down at me over the
rim of the opening, and said, “I will never forget you for
this day. Remember to keep your promise, and stand
clear when I take off.”’ Coe retraced his steps to just
within the trees at the edge of the clearing and turned
round to watch.

I was musing over its lack of windows or portholes and
wondered how he could see out, unless they were on the other
side. Just then, the perimeter edge began to revolve. At first it
gave off a low whistling sound, picked up speed mounting to a
high-pitched whine, finally going above the audible capabilities
of the ear. At that time I experienced a throbbing sensation,
which was felt rather than heard. It seemed to compress me
within myself. As it lifted a few feet above the ground, it paused
with a slight fluttering, the legs folded into the recesses as it
swiftly rose with the effortless ease of thistledown caught in an
updraft of air, and was gone.

Coe set off back towards camp in a state of
bewilderment. ‘It all seemed like a pantomime of
unrealities,’ he commented. ‘It was an episode lasting
not much more than an hour that may have carried me a
thousand years into the future, and yet left an uneasy
feeling of witnessing something that did not actually
exist, an impression of disconnected sequences only
found in dreams.’

He ran back to hunt for the tackle-box, without
success, but part of a blood-stained bandanna, the lever
pole, its stump and branches were all still there.

Coe and Rod prepared for their journey along the
Mattawa River, the conditions of which turned out
exactly as the stranger had indicated. Eventually, they
joined the Ottawa River and spent the next two weeks
enjoying their vacation in the wilderness.

One night, less than a day’s paddle from Ottawa,
while Rod was inside the tent, Coe relaxed outside
beside their camp fire. ‘My musing was interrupted as I
caught a glint of silver over the tree-darkened outline of
the hills across the river that disappeared for a few
seconds, and then I was sure,’ said Coe. ‘Framed in a
background of stars was my strange friend’s stranger
plane. He hovered motionless, not more than 70 feet
above me and just off the shoreline, then dipped from
side to side in an unmistakable gesture of hello ... I
knew that it was his way of telling me he was well again,
and I made a mental note, if ever I did meet him, to
surely question [him] as to how he could know my exact
location in the darkness of the night.’

The Return

Almost six months after this initial encounter, Coe
received a note, signed ‘Xretsim’, requesting a meeting
over lunch at the McAlpine Hotel, Ottawa. Coe felt
certain that this was indeed the mysterious stranger
whom he had befriended earlier in the year.

‘I did have a few “butterflies” wondering if I would
remember his face,’ said Coe. ‘I entered the lobby as he
came toward me with outstretched hand and the
greeting of, “You surely look a lot different than when
we first met,” which echoed my own thought, doubting
very much if I would have recognized him in the
conventional suit, white shirt and tie.5

There was something odd about the handshake on this
occasion. The man held a small gadget as the two shook
hands, which Coe learned later was a device that
registered the ‘vibrational frequency’ of his body, the
data from which could be shown on a television-like
screen elsewhere. Once this ‘vibrational frequency’ was
registered, Coe claimed, his every move could be
monitored. ‘They did this to make sure I’d keep my
promise,’ he explained.

‘I first asked the pronunciation of his name and
inquired about his injuries. With a mischievous chuckle
he replied, “Just call me Zret for now. In the future you
will figure it out. Thanks to your timely intervention
with first aid, the leg and I are in good shape.” ’ (Xretsim
was simply Mister X spelled backwards.)

‘There were a million questions on the tip of my
tongue,’ Coe continued, ‘but most remained unuttered
as he carried a good part of the conversation, regarding
my trip, my school work, activities, ambitions, etc. He
told me that he had spot-checked our progress, as far as
Ottawa, to be sure we were OK [and] cleared up the
mystery of the night I saw his plane, explaining that he
was fishing [!] on the opposite bank when we set up
camp, and could see my outline by the embers’ glow . . .’
Following lunch, Zret explained that Coe would not
be hearing from him for two or three months, but
promised that they would take a fishing trip together in
late spring. In early May, the two met at Hastings
Station in Ottawa, and drove in Zret’s (conventional)
car to Lake Mahopac. During the drive, the alien angler
gave Coe much of the information he had hoped and
longed for. It was one of many such meetings, which
were to span six decades.

The Mission

Zret began the conversation by asking Coe if he had told
his parents about the encounter. Coe replied that he had
not done so and would never betray the secret. Zret
continued:

You probably already have an inkling that I’m a stranger to
your modern world. This decision of explanation is a personal
responsibility. Our mission here will forever be cloaked in the
tightest secrecy. If the events that we foresee do not come to
pass, our presence will not become known. The great depth of
gratitude that I feel toward you, coupled with the things that
you have seen and know exist, has influenced a violation of [a]
law of disclosure ... I am sure, if you can be as tight-lipped in
the future as you have been in the past, that I will have nothing
to fear, but a breach of this trust could result in the direst of
consequences.

Zret went on to say that his true identity and address
and details of his personal life had to remain secret,
though he did explain that he was one of a group which
had come to monitor Earth’s scientific advances. While
on Earth, he ‘doubled’ as a student majoring in
electronic engineering. Man’s capacity for developing
weapons of ever-increasing power was the prime motive
for the visits to Earth. ‘Only recently,’ he continued,
‘many of the more “intelligent” and “cultural” nations
of Earth have concluded a long, bloody war, and during
its progress several innovations, designed specifically for
the mass slaughter of humanity, were introduced ... As
each new invention was applied to a military potential,
its horizon broadened to the eventual horror, brutality
and devastation that emerged as a “world war”. This
conversion of inventive genius from the brain of Earth’s
inhabitants, to ever greater devices of destruction, was
the prime factor that motivated our mission . . .’
Later, Coe was to learn that in 1904, Zret’s people
had paved the way for a hundred of them to infiltrate
every major nation of our planet - as small groups of
technicians - to observe and evaluate every step of our
scientific advancement. Their main concern was that we
were on the verge of discovering secrets of the atom
which could have disastrous consequences for our
planet.

A Dweller on Three Planets

Coe was anxious to learn about his friend’s origin. Here,
as usual, we run into difficulties. Contactees frequently
are given seemingly ludicrous points of alien origin
which tend to devalue their accounts. Zret replied that
his present homes were on two planets: ‘ . . one, the
planet Mars, nearing the end of an evolutionary life, and
the other, planet Venus, younger in evolutionary
processes than Earth, but its higher regions are not too
drastically different from the environment here’.

Evidently, he also spent a considerable amount of time
on planet Earth.

In later meetings, Zret explained that his race had
originated on a planet called ‘Norca’, slightly smaller
than Earth, with four moons, orbiting 85 million miles
around Tau Ceti (a star about 11 light years from ours,
similar in age and type to our own). Fourteen thousand
years ago, Norca began dehydrating slowly, inexorably,
to the extent that drastic action was necessary to
preserve the race. Everything was tried to counteract the
effects of dehydration, but nothing worked. The only
solution was to migrate to another solar system. Ours -
having a similar sun - was chosen. Eventually, following
a successful exploratory mission to Earth, during which
contact was established briefly with Cro-Magnon
humans, the expedition returned to Norca. It was
decided that Norcans would colonize Earth. Supposedly,
243,000 Norcans eventually left their planet in sixty-two
huge spacecraft, together with various species of
animals, plants and insects. Owing to unforeseen and
tragic circumstances whereby nearly all of the ships were
drawn into our Sun, only one ‘Norcans’ Ark’ made it;
even then, it crash-landed on Mars, killing many on
board. Nonetheless, 3,700 out of the 5,000 or so on
board survived.

The Norcans, claimed Zret, overcame the challenge of
Mars’ relatively hostile environment and spent about
900 years on the planet. ‘Succeeding generations,’ he
explained, ‘once again advanced to the scientific
potential of launching twin probes, to Venus and Earth,
both of which were subsequently colonized. In the
primary stages of this expansion, bases of research were
established on Venus to study its peculiar atmosphere,
[but] the main colonization was concentrated on Earth.’
If Coe - and Zret - are to be believed, these colonization
areas were, in chronological order: the mythological
continent of Atlantis; the Cuzco Valley in the Andes; the
legendary continent of Lemuria (at a point about 1,000
miles east of what is now known as the Marshall
Islands); northern Tibet; and, finally, Lebanon. Norcans
reproduced with native inhabitants. Irrespective of skin
pigmentation, Zret explained, the indigenous Earth
people at that time had black or brown hair and eyes,
and the interbreeding led to a blond-haired, fair-skinned
people.

‘On Venus, the man form had not appeared,’ said
Zret. ‘Today our basic home is the high land of Venus,
although a good part of our research is still conducted on
Mars, especially electronic probe [s], for its thin
atmosphere and peculiarity of magnetic fields lends
itself, as an ideal laboratory, to almost distortion-free
reception.’

The atmospheres of both Mars and Venus are known
to be far too inhospitable for unprotected human
existence. On Mars, the atmosphere is far too thin and
cold, while Venus’s atmospheric pressure is said to be
about 90 times that of Earth, with a temperature
averaging around 470 degrees Celsius and a massive
carbon-dioxide atmosphere (97 per cent), with no water.

Ten per cent of Venus’s terrain is highland, and the
highest point on the planet is the mountain known as
Maxwell Montes, towering 35,400 feet above Venus’s
‘sea level’ and 27,000 feet above a huge highland region
the size of Australia, known as Ishtar Terra. Because
Venus has often been named as an abode of certain
aliens - Coe supposedly being the first to be told this -
we are left with a paradox. Assuming that neither Coe
nor Zret was lying, could it be that the Norcans, utilizing
highly advanced technology, were able to convert the
hostile environment - which in any case may be less
extreme in the highland regions - to suit their requirements? 
This idea is not wholly fanciful - even with
terrestrial technology. The late Carl Sagan, a leading
authority on planetary sciences, hypothesized that
injection of appropriately grown algae into the Venusian
atmosphere ‘would in time convert the present extremely
hostile environment of Venus into one much more
pleasant for human beings’.4

Further Explanations

Zret explained that at around the time of his initial
encounter with Coe he had been on summer vacation,
and had taken advantage of this period to rejoin some of
his own people ‘who operated one of their established
bases off the planet’. With his craft, he was then able to
‘enjoy the wonderful fishing of the otherwise inaccessible
rivers and lakes of Canada’. On leaving the base, he told
his colleagues not to worry if they did not hear from him
for a week, as long as the ‘all-clear’ radio signal emitted
from the craft in its regular 20-minute cycle. This was an
inexcusable error, admitted Zret:

You probably remember the little control panel that was
attached to the front of my flying suit. Well, attached within
the suit are a series of what I will simply call electrodes, that
come in contact with various nerve centres of the body. At the
back of my neck, under the base of my brain, are two more, the
left one receiving brain impulses and the right one receiving all
signals from the pituitary gland, the ‘master switch’ of the
body. All these comparatively weak waves feed into a section
of that panel below my chest and any impulse of stress or
emergency thought should have been transposed and amplified
through it, to automatically record in the craft’s control and
change the all-clear signal to a rapid tonal wave of distress.

Help would have arrived in three or four hours. The manual
controls of this panel also activate many of the functional
duties of the craft, even to an unmanned flight back to its
base . . .

The control knobs on Zret’s suit panel were severely
damaged when he fell into the crevice, and he was unable
to operate them. He explained that, once on board his
craft following the rescue by Coe, he immediately
switched the ship’s transmitter to the emergency mode.

Not many minutes after setting the craft’s automatic
‘homing’ device, he collapsed. Later, he learned, ‘I was
“picked up” by one of our larger ships that had
intercepted the distress call and taken me aboard, craft
and all.’

Coe asked about Zret’s age. ‘My age is going to
surprise you,’ replied the very youthful-looking Zret. ‘I
am exactly 304 years older than you.’ Decades later,
many contactees claimed that aliens enjoyed phenomenal 
longevity, so it is interesting that Coe was told
(or said he was told) this in 1921. Zret explained that
such longevity was achieved through a rejuvenation
process. ‘We have to go through this system every 105
years. We have a life potential of about 630 years, but
we must go through this rejuvenation process. If we
don’t, we die as you do. We go through this five different
times, and then the internal mechanism, chemical
decomposition, and so on, wears out.’

In addition to their extraordinary technology, the
Norcans apparently were equally advanced in mental
skills, such as telepathy, and seemed to be highly
advanced ethically.

Later Developments

Albert Coe’s meetings with Zret - and others of his
group - continued into the late 1970s at the rate of
10-12 times a year. He kept his promise and told no one
about these meetings; until 1958, that is, when, with the
go-ahead from Zret, he told his wife. ‘She thought I was
kidding at first,’ Coe told Dr Berthold Schwarz, a
psychiatrist and UFO researcher, in 1977. ‘And then she
wanted to meet him. Of course, that’s a no-no. You see,
these people are very secretive. They have very good
reasons to be, and I wouldn’t want to be the one that let
that secret out.’

Coe was also given permission to bring some of his
story into the public arena. He began to give interviews
on various radio and television stations in Washington,
DC, and wrote a book detailing some of his experiences,
privately published in 1969. He also claimed to have had
several meetings with US Government officials in
Washington. ‘And they’d pump me,’ he said, ‘always
trying to break down my story.’

In 1958 Coe began to receive the attention of what he
assumed were federal agents. ‘For one year, they
followed me all over,’ he claimed. ‘I used to live in
Beverly, New Jersey, and I had a little apartment next to
a barber shop. The barber was a very good friend to me,
and said these men used to pump him. They wanted to
know where I went, what I did, who my friends were,
and so on.’ Many contactees in the 1950s, such as
George Adamski, were investigated by federal agents, as
numerous FBI files - released under the Freedom of
Information Act - show. Interestingly, when asked by Dr
Schwarz what he thought of Adamski - whose much
later encounters contain many parallels - Coe replied
simply that he was a ‘faker’!

What are we to make of Albert Coe’s outrageous story?

Coe had an excellent work record as a mechanical
engineer, and, so he told Dr Schwarz, had not suffered
from delusions, encephalitis, hallucinations or paranoia,
nor had he spent time in a mental hospital. Having
listened carefully to the 90-minute interview with him
conducted by Dr Schwarz,5 and studying his book, The
Shocking Truth 6 - both of which are used here as
references -1 conclude that he told the truth; at least, the
truth as he believed it.

GROUNDED FOR REPAIRS

During the summer of 1933, numerous people in
Nipawin, Saskatchewan, Canada, reported strange
lights in the sky and at ground level. One night, two men
and a woman (whose names are known to the
investigator, John Musgrave), determined to get to the
bottom of the mystery, drove in a pick-up truck to the
area. After driving as close as was practicable, the trio
headed on foot towards the direction of a glow in the
woods. Although a stretch of muskeg (bog) prevented
them from getting closer than about a quarter of a mile
away, the witnesses were able to observe that the light
came from a large oval-shaped craft, supported on
landing legs, in the middle of a marsh.

Fig. 1. Sketch by one of the witnesses of the landed craft in Nipawin,
Saskatchewan, Canada, in 1933.

The craft was domed on top and slightly rounded on
the bottom (see Fig. 1). From a central doorway or
hatch, about a dozen figures could be seen going up and
down a ladder. Appearing to be slightly shorter than the
average-sized man, wearing silver-coloured suits and
helmets or ‘ski’ caps, the figures seemed to be busily
running around ‘repairing’ their craft. As reported in
numerous cases years later, a strange silence pervaded
the immediate area. A bright-orange glow emanated
from the craft, lighting up the surrounding area. After
about half an hour, the witnesses headed back to town,
hoping to find a way around the marshy area to get a
better look. Regrettably, when finally they did find a way
through, they realized they did not have sufficient
gasoline to take them there and back.

A few nights later, the witnesses returned to the site.

There was no sign of the craft itself, but traces could
clearly be seen at the landing site. As John Musgrave
reported:

Six large square imprints that must have been the bases of the
legs that supported the craft proved that there indeed had been
something there that night. Each imprint was the same size - 2
to 2V2 feet square, and approximately 8 to 10 feet apart. The
imprints were 2 to 3 inches deep, and reminded the three of
them of a kind of mark that would be made by a boiler plate
stomped into the ground. They could also see markings where
the base of the stairway met ground. As if this wasn’t
remarkable enough, a great burn mark in the centre of the area
covered a circle approximately 12 feet in diameter. They
looked for footprints but found none though there was some
scuffing of the vegetation surrounding the spot where the craft
had been.7

Fig. 2. The flying disc observed by military witnesses at Guadalajara,
Spain, in 1938. (Terence Collins/FSR Publications)



HUMANOIDS IN SPAIN

Throughout the years, a number of cases have been
reported of aliens being lowered from their craft on a
platform (for example, the incident investigated by Lord
Mountbatten on his estate in Hampshire, England, in
1955, described in my book, Beyond Top Secret).

Additional cases will be cited later, but here follows the
earliest example of which I am aware, given to the
investigator Oscar Rey.

At 23.30 on 25 July 1938, a military man and his
assistant came across a dark, lenticular object, 11 metres
in diameter, hovering about two metres above the
ground, and only 60 metres away from them, at
Guadalajara, Spain. Two humanoid figures descended
silently on a platform at the bottom of a column (see Fig.
2). A circle of blue light focused on the witnesses, who
felt chilled by it. The platform ascended, the two sections
of the object began to spin in opposite directions and,
glowing with an intense white light, the object took off.8

In the majority of such landing cases, the aliens beat a
hasty retreat when humans appear on the scene. Nearly
two years later, though, contact was allegedly
established with some of the more approachable species,
remarkably similar to those encountered by Albert Coe.

A STRONG BOND OF FRIENDSHIP

On a clear day in early May 1940, in remote country
near the village of Townsend, southeast of Helena,
Montana, 37-year-old Udo Wartena was moving some
boulders at his gold-mining claim. Suddenly there came
a loud, turbine-like droning sound, which at first he
assumed to be an Army plane that flew periodically in
the vicinity. Climbing to higher ground, he was
astonished by the sight of an unusual craft, shaped like
two soup plates of a stainless-steel colour. It was
hovering a short distance away, above a meadow where
he had built a small dam using water diverted from a
nearby stream. The craft measured over 100 feet in
diameter and about 35 feet in height.

A circular stairway with a solid base, forming part of
the craft’s hull, lowered, and a man came down and
approached the miner. T went to meet him,’ said
Wartena. ‘He stopped when we were about 10 or 12 feet
apart. He wore a light-grey pair of coveralls, a [circular]
cap of the same material on his head, and on his feet
were slippers or moccasins.’ The stranger shook hands
with Wartena, explaining apologetically that it was not
their normal policy to intrude or to allow themselves to
be seen.
‘He then asked me if it would be all right if they took
some water from the stream,’ said Wartena, ‘and as I
could not see why not, I said sure. He then gave a signal
and a hose or pipe was let down. His English was like
mine, but he spoke slowly, as if he were a linguist and
had to pick his way.’
The stranger politely invited Wartena to board the
craft. As the bemused witness came directly underneath
it, he noticed that the droning sound, though quieter
now, seemed to go through him. Once inside, though,
the noise was barely perceptible.

We entered into a room about 12 feet by 15 feet, with a close-
fitting sliding door on the farther end, indirect lighting near the
ceiling, and nice upholstered benches around the sides. There
was an older man already in the room, plainly dressed, but his
hair was snow-white . . . the younger man’s hair was also
white.

Both men were extremely good-looking, with perfect,
almost translucent skin, and appeared to be very
youthful and strong. Becoming suspicious about their
origin, the witness asked where they came from. ‘We live
on a distant planet,’ they replied, pointing to the sky.

Asked why they wanted to take water from the
stream, rather than from a nearby lake, the younger man
responded that stream water was purer, as it contained
no algae, and that it was ‘convenient’ - which presupposes 
that they had taken water from there before.

The younger man explained some details of the craft’s
propulsion system:

As you noticed, we are floating above the ground, and though
the ground slopes, the ship is level. There are in the outside rim
two flywheels, one turning one way and the other in the
opposite direction ... this gives the ship its own gravitation; or
rather, it overcomes the gravitational pull of the Earth and
other planets, the Sun and stars. Though this pull is but light,
we use [it] to ride on, like you do when you sail on ice.

The ‘flywheels’ or rings, about three feet wide and
several inches thick, were separated by rods turned by
motors and powered by ‘battery- or transformer-like’
units positioned around the inside perimeter of the craft.

For interstellar travel, the craft supposedly could be
‘focused’ on a star and its energy, drawing itself through
space at speeds faster than that of light (186,000 miles
per second) - ‘skipping upon the light waves’, as they put
it. ‘They use gravity,’ Wartena declared, ‘they don’t just
overcome it.’ He then asked where they got the energy to
run such a large ship. ‘They said from the Sun and other
stars, and [they] could store this in [the] batteries,
though this was for emergency use only. They carried
another source, but did not explain this to me.’ Many
years later, Wartena indicated to a family member that
hydrogen extracted from the water provided the craft
with its fuel source.

As with many such accounts where extraterrestrials
explain the capabilities of their crafts, it is not readily
apparent how nullifying gravity in itself induces
propulsion. In many cases, however, they have made
clear their reluctance to elaborate, for the perfectly valid
reason that Earthlings would misuse such revolutionary
technology. Even so, in my estimation, Wartena seems to
have obtained some important clues.

Feeling completely at ease with the cosmonauts,
Wartena accepted an invitation to be ‘monitored for
impurities’, and a type of ‘X-ray’ machine was passed
over his body. Regrettably, no details as to the purpose
or result of this physical examination are available. It is
worth noting that other contactees, such as Carroll
Watts (Chapter 14), have reported being physically
examined.

The witness asked his hosts their age. One claimed to
be about 600 years of age, and the other, who looked
‘slightly older’ - as well he might - said he was over 900
years old, as we measure time - impressive even by
Norcan standards. They said they spoke many of our
languages, and were continually improving their
knowledge of them.

But why were they coming to Earth? ‘As you have
noticed, we look pretty much as you do,’ they told
Wartena, ‘so we mingle with you people, gather
information, leave instructions, or give help where
needed.’ They further explained that they were monitoring 
the ‘progression or retrogression’ of our society. A
deeply committed Christian, Wartena asked if they knew
about Jesus and religion. ‘We would like to speak of
these things but are unable to do so,’ came the response.
‘We cannot interfere in any way.’
The friendly spacemen invited the witness to come
with them, but he declined, explaining that it would
inconvenience too many people. ‘Later, I wondered why
I	said that,’ he remarked. Perhaps his reluctance to
accompany them was related to an incident two years
earlier, when a young man vanished without trace in the
vicinity. Had he gone with the visitors?

Wartena felt that it was now time to take his leave.

The men advised him not to discuss his encounter with
anyone, as no one would believe him, but said that he
could do so in years to come.

As in other such contact encounters, the witness was
cautioned to stay well clear of the craft as it took off.
‘When I walked away from the ship, they raised the
stairway, and when I got a couple of hundred feet away,
I turned round. A number more portholes had opened
up and though I could not see anyone, I felt sure they
could see me; anyway I waved at them.’ Again came the
loud, turbine-like noise, and he watched as the craft -
which had remained hovering throughout the two-hour
encounter - lifted, wobbled briefly, then shot off at high
speed.

Some type of ‘energy field’ permeated the area,
preventing the witness from walking for several hours.

This remarkable story came to me by way of the
Australian investigator Warren Aston, who learnt about
it from an American source who had known the witness.

Udo Wartena, of Dutch descent, was described as
unsophisticated and honest by all who knew him,
including his wife, whom Aston met. He wrote a full
account of the experience but kept the story secret for
nearly 30 years before confiding in his closest friend. He
died in 1989.

Perhaps the most impressive aspect of the encounter
for the witness was the strong bond of friendship he felt
towards the cosmonauts. They were men, he stressed,
‘just like us and very nice chaps’, and he felt even ‘love,
or comfort’ in their presence. Alas, some reported
encounters with extraterrestrials around the world have
proven to be less beneficial.


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Cerve, Wishar S., Lemuria: The Lost Continent of the
Pacific, The Rosicrucian Press, San Jose, California, 1980,
pp. 250-2.
2.	Ibid., pp. 256-7.
3.	Ibid., pp. 259-61.
4.	Sagan, Carl, The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial
Perspective, Coronet Books, London, 1975, pp. 151-2.
5.	Interview with Albert Coe by Dr Berthold Schwarz,
Philadelphia, 8 May 1977.
6.	Coe, H. Albert, The Shocking Truth, The Book Fund,
Beverly, New Jersey, 1969.
7.	Musgrave, John Brent, ‘Saskatchewan, 1933: UFO Stops for
“Repairs” ’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 22, no. 6,
November-December 1976, pp. 16-17.
8.	Ballester Olmos, Vicente-Juan, ‘Survey of Iberian Landings:
A Preliminary Catalogue of 100 Cases’, Flying Saucer
Review, Special Issue no. 4, August 1971, p. 46.


=========================================================
Chapter 3. A FESTIVAL OF ABSURDITIES

It was the late, great French researcher Aime Michel who
described the UFO phenomenon as ‘a festival of
absurdities’ - which it often seems to be. No matter how
diligently we try to define the phenomenon, it resists any
single, adequate hypothesis to account for the plethora
of craft and their occupants, as well as for their sometimes 
peculiar behaviour. Yet there are often parallels;
concatenations that provide clues and patterns as to the
nature and purpose of some of the encounters, ranging
as they do from the deadly serious, to the silly, to the
sublime. With few exceptions, the varied encounters
selected for this chapter took place during a sixteen-
month period in 1946-47.

A GHASTLY DEATH

Of all countries, perhaps none has experienced as many
disturbing encounters with extraterrestrials as Brazil,
particularly in its more remote regions. One of the
earliest known cases dates back to 1946. It is a story
which reads like something from a 1950s Hollywood B-
movie - or the wildest of The X Files - yet the incident
was witnessed by a number of credible people, who were
interviewed by several equally credible investigators.

It was Shrove Tuesday, 5 March, in the little town of
Aracariguama, in the administrative region of Sao
Roque, State of Sao Paulo. At that time, the town lacked
electricity and telephones, neither were there any
physicians. For some time, strange lights had been seen
which darted around in irregular manoeuvres above the
mountains and forests of the region. At about 20.00,
Joao Prestes Filho, a 40-year-old married farmer and
businessman, returned home from a day’s fishing trip on
the Rio Tiete. His wife was not in the house: she and the
children were attending carnival celebrations in town,
and Prestes had arranged for a window to be left slightly
ajar so he could get in. Although there was a light mist,
the sky was clear.

Suddenly, as Prestes was lifting the window, he was
struck by a beam of light coming from some outside
source. He put up his hands to protect his head and eyes,
then fell to the ground, stunned, for a few moments.

Picking himself up, he fled into the centre of town to seek
help. He arrived in a state of terror at his sister Maria’s
house and repeatedly explained what had happened.

Neighbours were summoned, including Aracy Gomide,
fiscal inspector of the Prefecture of Sao Roque, who was
the principal witness to the events which ensued.

Though not a physician, Gomide was medically
knowledgeable; thus he was charged with the job of
caring for sick or injured patients in the region.

Gomide noticed that although Prestes’s eyes were
dilated and his voice distraught with terror, there were
no traces of burn marks anywhere on his body. Then
began a scene of incredible horror. According to the
witnesses, who were interviewed by Dr Irineu Jose da
Silveira, a dental surgeon, this is what happened:

Prestes’ insides began to show, and the flesh started to look as
though it had been cooked for many hours . .. The flesh began
to come away from the bones, falling in lumps from his jaws,
his chest, his arms, his hands, his fingers, from the lower parts
of his legs, and from his feet and toes. Some scraps of flesh
remained hanging to the tendons ... Soon every part of Prestes
had reached a state of deterioration beyond imagination. His
teeth and his bones now stood revealed, utterly bare of flesh.

Amazingly, while all this was going on, Prestes gave
no signs of feeling any pain. Then his nose and ears fell
off and slid down his body on to the floor. What
remained of him was literally carted off to the nearest
hospital, Santa Casa, at Santana de Parnaiba. Six hours
later, Prestes’ body was brought back to Ara^ariguama.

He had died without reaching the hospital. Right up to
the end, said witnesses, guttural sounds continued to
come from what was left of his mouth.

The death certificate merely recorded that Prestes had
died of ‘generalized burns’; a less than satisfactory
explanation. Nothing was ever found outside or inside
the victim’s house which might have yielded some clues
as to the nature of the beam of light, nor were
atmospheric conditions present at the time that might
have accounted for the tragedy, such as ‘ball-lightning’.1

According to a report published in a Brazilian newspaper 
many years later, the French Government
requested the bones of Prestes for test purposes.2

It is, of course, impossible to establish that Prestes was
killed by aliens; nevertheless, circumstantial evidence
suggests that he was struck by a beam of light from an
unknown source, causing a type of rapid, awesome
deterioration. Furthermore, unusual flying lights had
been seen in the vicinity at the time.

SPACEMEN AND WOMEN IN SWEDEN

Several months prior to the famous wave of sightings of
the so-called ‘ghost rockets’ - reported mostly from
Scandinavia 3 - a most unusual flying craft is said to have
landed in Angelholm, north of Helsingborg, Sweden.

The witness was Gosta Carlsson, now famous for his
pioneering research into bee pollen extracts.

One evening in May 1946, Carlsson was walking
home along the shores of the Kattegat. Owing to the
gathering dark he used a forehead lamp. Spotting a light
in a nearby clearing in the forest, he approached the area
and was surprised to see a disc-shaped contraption on
the ground. The object had a cupola that looked like a
cabin with oval windows. Above the cabin was a ‘mast’,
and beneath the disc could be seen a large oblong ‘fin’
stretching from the centre to the underside which,
together with a small ladder and two landing legs, rested
on the ground. Carlsson went on to describe further
details:

The object was approximately 16 metres in diameter and 4
metres from top to bottom at the middle. I know this because
I measured the marks on the following day. There were a lot of
holes around the edge of the disc, like those of a turbine, and it
was from these that jet-beams came which burned the grass
when.the object departed. The light came from the mast. It was
about 5 metres in height, and three antennae were suspended
from its top. Lower down something like a lampshade was
hanging. It was shining with a strange purple light which
covered not only the whole object but also the ground a couple
of metres beyond it. The light was flowing and pulsating from
the ‘lampshade’ like water from a fountain. Where the light hit
the ground I could see a sparkling effect.

On the ground, beyond the area of light, stood a man
in closely fitting white overalls. He seemed to be some
sort of guard, said Carlsson:

He raised his hand towards me: it was a gesture that could not
be misunderstood, so I stopped. I was less than 10 metres from
him. He was approximately as tall as I am, maybe a few
centimetres shorter, but he was thinner than me. There were
others like him, but the strange thing was that nobody said a
word. It seemed as if they had just finished repairing a window,
because they put their tools away and looked at me. Everything
was silent. The only thing I heard was the sound from the
guard when he walked on the grass. There were three men
working at the window, and two more were standing
alongside. There were three women as well, and one more
came out of the object later. On the far side there was another
guard. In all I saw eleven persons.

They wore short black boots and gloves, a black belt around
the waist, and a transparent helmet. The women had ashen-
coloured hair, but I could not see the hair of the men as they
wore black caps. They were all brown-coloured, as if
sunburned.

I went a few steps closer, but then the guard raised his hand
again. After that I stood still. The guard had a black box on his
chest which was suspended by a chain around his neck. It
looked like an old black camera. He turned it towards me and
I thought he was going to take a picture of me, but nothing
happened, except that I thought I heard a click from my
forehead lamp. The lamp did not work after that, but that may
have been purely coincidental. When I returned home I found
that the battery had run out, although it was a new one.

It seemed as if the ‘cheese-dish cover’ of light stood like a
wall between us. I think it was created to isolate them from our
world and atmosphere. One of the women came out of the
cabin with an object in her hand. She went to the edge of the
wall of light and threw the object beyond the area of light. At
the same time I heard her laugh.

Carlsson later retrieved the object. (Analysis
conducted in 1971 revealed nothing out of the ordinary,
the object consisting, among other things, of silicon. Its
shape had been changed by the witness, and it looked
like a staff.) Carlsson then left the scene.
... it is difficult to explain what one does, and why one does
it. I thought the disc-like object could be some sort of military
device. The whole scene seemed so strange. I never take
alcohol, and I knew it was not an hallucination, but
nevertheless I decided to go back to the seashore, and from
there return to the opening to see if the object was still present.

I was aware of a smell like that from ozone (03) following an
electrical discharge.

Thirty minutes later Carlsson arrived back at the site,
returning via another route so he could observe the
object from the other side. Before he had time to leave
the shoreline, he suddenly saw a bright-red light rising
slowly with a whining sound above the tree-tops. The
contraption ascended with a corona of red lights
streaming from the ‘turbine holes’. At about 400-500
metres it slowed down and wobbled momentarily, the
red light became brighter then turned to purple, and it
accelerated into the distance at tremendous speed.

Further Investigations
The foregoing account was given by Gosta Carlsson to
Eugen Semitjov, a prominent space-science journalist
who wrote an article about the incident in a Swedish
magazine.4 Semitjov believed the witness was telling the
truth as well as he could remember it, 25 years after the
event. Alerted to the case, further investigations were
carried out by the Goteborg Information Centre on
UFOs (GICOFF). At the alleged landing site - about 30
to 40 metres in diameter - the investigators noted a large
outer ring, a smaller ring, two small circles (presumably
from the landing legs) and a straight line, almost half the
diameter of the larger ring (perhaps from the ‘fin’). But
something was wrong, explained investigator Sven-Olof
Fredrickson:

What was strange, however, was that the marks had been
made recently: someone had dug a circle 10 centimetres deep,
10.	centimetres wide and 16 metres in diameter, and then filled
it in with sand. The same had happened with the marks of the
supposed ‘landing legs’ and ‘fin’. Mr Semitjov assured us that
this had not been done by him, and that there were no signs of
digging when he was there two months earlier. The original
marks were still visible without digging them up, he said, so
who had done it and why?

Who and why, indeed? The GICOFF investigators
learned from a reliable witness, who had been at the
landing site a day after the Swedish magazine article was
published, that the marks had already been dug up, by
person or persons unknown. My feeling is that
Carlsson, who in 1998 showed me the landing site (now
a tourist attraction), may have done this himself. In any
event, GICOFF discovered that some of the original
marks (the outer and the inner rings) appear in aerial
photographs taken in 1947 and 1963. Photos taken in
1939. do not appear to show any such marks, which gives
at least a modicum of support for Carlsson’s claims.5

By extraterrestrial standards, Carlsson’s contraption
seems relatively primitive. We are told of ‘holes around
the edge of the disc, like those of a turbine [from which
red] jet-beams came which burned the grass’; a ‘mast’;
the occupants ‘repairing a window’; and what looked
like ‘an old black camera’ suspended by a chain around
the guard’s neck. One could argue that the craft was a
post-war Russian variant of Germany’s V-7 jet-turbine-
powered helicopter, reportedly developed towards the
end of the war and described by the pioneering
astrophysicist Dr Hermann Oberth as having ‘rotating
tubes which released an “exhaust” of flame . . . When it
hovered, the flame was dark-red’ (see p. 30). It is a
tempting argument, but I believe it to be a specious one,
for the following reasons:

First, though Oberth claimed in 1955 that ‘Russia has
now obtained the plans and a model of the V-7, and has
built some models of her own which could account for
some UFO reports’,6 he implies not only that this was a
relatively recent development (that is, after the date of
the Angelholm landing) but also that models, rather than
full-scale craft, were test-flown. Secondly, I find it
impossible to believe that the Soviets, presumably
building the hypothetical V-7 variant with the aid of
captured German aeronautical engineers, could by 1946
have perfected the design to such an extent that it would
have been able to fly with a crew of eleven, rather than a
test-pilot or two. Thirdly, conventional jet-engines
would leave a smell of kerosene, not ozone. Fourthly,
Carlsson’s account refers to several peculiarities of
design and performance which are not consistent with
what we know about the V-7 and which simply do not
correspond with contemporaneous technology. Finally,
Bill Gunston, one of the world’s leading aviation
authorities, told me: ‘I have asked two men who would
have known, and I think I am on good ground in stating
that nothing like the V-7 was ever tested in the Soviet
Union.’7 The most likely hypothesis, therefore, is that the
craft came from somewhere else. As Oberth himself put
it:

My own explanation of the unsolved percentage of UFOs is
that they are machines built in some place other than Russia
and countries on the Earth ... I do not, in fact, think that
Russia is building any UFOs at all; on the contrary, I believe
they originate exclusively from outside the Earth.8

Interestingly, according to Lieutenant Colonel Philip
Corso, the former head of the US Army staff’s Foreign
Technology desk at the Pentagon who claims to have
stewarded an Army project that seeded alien technology
at various American companies (see p. 7), both Dr
Oberth and Dr Wernher von Braun were consulted on
the nature of the recovered alien materials.9 So, presumably, 
both men were convinced of extraterrestrial
visitation. And in an early 1960s report, Corso noted
that: ‘Dr Hermann Oberth suggests we consider the
Roswell craft from the New Mexico desert not a
spacecraft but a time machine . . .’10

ANGELS UNAWARES?

Shortly before his discharge from the United States Army
in June 1946, Allan Edwards was admitted to an Army
hospital at Camp Lee, Virginia, suffering from a minor
ailment. The main ward being full, he was given a
private room. After a night’s sleep he went down to the
ward seeking someone to chat with. Of the patients,
some of whom were sitting beside their beds, one stood
out. Even from 50 feet away, there was something
unusual about this man, noted Edwards who, as an
academically trained portrait painter, had made a
thorough study of anatomy.
‘I arose and walked the length of the ward to get a
closer look,’ said Edwards. ‘The bed at the end of the
room on my left was vacant and, assuming it to be his, I
asked him if he minded if I sat on it. He smiled and said,
“Go right ahead.” I perched on the edge and, trying not
to be too obvious, I studied this amazing man.’ He
continued:

Never in my life had I seen such beauty, yet there was
absolutely nothing feminine about his features. They were
perfectly formed. His forehead was extremely high, the fine
veins showing faintly through the transparency of the skin at
the temples. His blond hair seemed to glow with an inner light
of its own; in fact, his entire head seemed to be radiant,
whether from the beauty of his complexion or some mysterious
factor I did not know. His eyes were softly blue beneath the
pure whiteness of his brow and seemed, to me, to be filled with
great compassion. His nose was perfectly shaped and the
colouring of his cheeks had a freshness and purity that I had
never beheld in any human being.

The extraordinary height of his forehead amazed me but the
physical characteristic that I found even more unusual was the
depth of his head from the forehead to the back. This was
definitely an abnormality according to all rules of skeletal
structure and yet, as I continued to stare, I realized that for the
first time I was seeing perfection.

Edwards then became aware of a strange sensation, a
sensation reported by a number of contactees, such as
George Adamski, in later years. ‘Somehow I seemed to
be in two places at once, as though I were raised up into
another dimension,’ he tried to explain. ‘The feeling of
well-being was beyond description, almost in the nature
of a spiritual experience, and I felt that in some way it
was connected with the man seated near me.’
Hesitating to question the stranger, Edwards glanced
at the bedside table, hoping to get some clue as to his
identity. On it was a pitcher of water, a tumbler and a
copy of a pocket magazine called Pageant. The magazine
was opened at an article entitled ‘Easter in Oklahoma’,
an article later to assume significance.

Edwards was called away for a medical examination,
then returned to his room. At around midnight, he heard
a commotion in the corridor outside. Peering out, he saw
two attendants struggling with a young man who, they
explained to Edwards, had been brought into the
hospital by the military police, having been badly beaten
up during a drunken brawl. Both eyes were black and
swollen shut, his forehead was badly bruised, and his
nose was a bleeding pulp. The young man was put into
the room next to Edwards, who was unable to sleep for
hours owing to the groans from the suffering man.

At breakfast the following morning, Edwards sat near
the strange man, on his right, then looked around the
table at the other men.

My eyes rested on a young lad seated at my left at the end of
the table. This was the same boy who had been brought in the
night before, the one who had been so badly beaten - yet it
couldn’t be, there was not a blemish on his face! ... I felt
strongly that the man seated on my right had been responsible
for this miraculous transfiguration. Again I felt the odd
sensation of being in two places at the same time. Was no one
else at the table aware of what was taking place? I looked
about me at the others. Then I realized that an amazing thing
had happened. Each one of the men seated at that table was
changed ... It was as though a grey veil had been lifted off my
eyes and for the first time I saw true beauty of colour. I
wondered if they were aware of their transfiguration or
whether it was some strange trick of my own vision.

A Town Called Cement

Edwards was profoundly moved by these experiences.

He also began to have repetitious dreams about cement
and concrete. ‘I seemed to be involved in mixing it,
pouring it and even being buried in it,’ he wrote. Six
weeks later, immediately after his discharge from the
Army, he bought a copy of Pageant magazine with the
article ‘Easter in Oklahoma’. This told about the annual
pilgrimage to Lawton, a small town in the southern part
of the state. Every Easter a pageant, depicting the last
days of Christ, was held by the townspeople and
attended by thousands from all over the country.

Edwards wrote to the Lawton Chamber of Commerce to
learn more about the town, and soon received a package
of brochures extolling its virtues. Because Edwards and
his wife had no plans for the future, they decided to
move to Lawton. It was, he said, ‘a decision based on
nothing more than an article in a pocket magazine’.

A few days before they were due to leave, Edwards
was walking down the main street of Petersburg,
Virginia, where he had been living during his Army
service. Walking in the same direction on the other side
of the street was the extraordinary man whom he had
encountered at Camp Lee, accompanied by another
man. Both were wearing US Army uniforms. Edwards
crossed the street and followed them. The men parted
company when they reached the corner, and Edwards
made his approach.

I caught up with him, a thousand questions on my tongue. I
found myself looking up at him: I am fairly tall but he towered
above me. I managed to stammer out, ‘Do you remember me?’
He smiled and said, ‘Yes, you were in the hospital at Camp
Lee.’ All the questions that I wanted to ask him suddenly
disappeared and I found myself saying, ‘We are going to move
to Lawton, Oklahoma,’... he said, ‘I come from a small town
near Lawton called Cement.’
Edwards introduced himself, and the stranger gave his
name as Suder. I cannot recall any further conversation
[and] he walked away until I lost sight of him when he
turned a corner.’
Within a few days, Edwards and his wife realized that
Lawton was not the place they wanted to live in, so they
packed their belongings and moved to Los Angeles.

Several years later, Edwards returned to Oklahoma and
made a point of visiting Cement. No one there had ever
heard of a man called Suder, and there the matter ended.

Further Encounters

The following year, in Seattle, Washington, Edwards
was once again hospitalized, this time for a respiratory
ailment. During his stay in hospital, he became
increasingly curious about two attendants.

Both were quite young, one tall and blond, the other short and
dark. Physically there was nothing extraordinary about them
but I quickly discovered that both had the ability to read every
thought that passed through my mind, an ability which proved
quite disconcerting to me. To have a question answered before
it is put into words is an intriguing experience and I must admit
that I was quite awed by it.

At times, Edwards reported, he felt impelled, against
his own will, to do things that would ameliorate the
circumstances of those sicker than himself. ‘I had not
had much experience with those who were in pain and
yet I found myself administering to them with expert
hands which did not somehow seem to belong to me. I
regret, now, my reticence about questioning the two
attendants, although I truly do not believe that I was
meant to.’

Not long after his dismissal from hospital, Edwards
felt impelled to go down to the street from his hotel
room in Seattle. It was a clear, moonless night. ‘My gaze
was drawn to one star which was unusually large ... it
started to expand and gradually grew brighter and
brighter until it was about half the size of a full moon
[and] after a few moments it decreased in brilliance until
it was back to its original size. I was startled and
perplexed. I had never heard of space ships or flying
saucers and could only suppose that it was some strange
phenomenon upon a distant planet or star.’ It was not
until several years later, when Edwards was given a copy
of George Adamski’s book Inside the Space Ships, that
he began to wonder if there was a connection between
this sighting and the strange encounters in Camp Lee,
Petersburg and Seattle.

Other sightings followed. One night in Virginia Beach,
Virginia, Edwards and several others watched nine UFOs
as they manoeuvred over the coast, describing sharp
right-angled turns. Several years later, following sightings
in Texas and Hawaii, Edwards saw a large glowing
object in Puerto Rico. Numerous sightings and close
encounters have been reported in Puerto Rico over the
years; per capita, possibly more than in any other locale.

A number of local people have told me they are
convinced that an alien base has been established in the
area (see Chapter 19).

While in Puerto Rico, Edwards spoke with a man
who, one evening, with several others, had seen a large
fluorescent object, the size of a DC-6 airliner, on the
landing strip of an abandoned military airfield on the
southern side of the island. ‘It took off while they
watched, accelerating quickly, and disappeared,’
Edwards reported. They were particularly impressed by
the strange vibration which they claimed they felt within
their own bodies. They were only about 300 feet away
and yet heard no sound. The sugar cane beside the road
trembled with the same vibration and they made note of
the fact that there was no wind.’

Spiritual Motivations?

In his attempt to rationalize earlier encounters, Allan
Edwards remained objective.

I	wish to make it clear that I do not claim to have been in
contact with beings from outer space, since the people . . . did
not so identify themselves. I can only present the facts as I
remember them and let the reader form his own conclusions. I
have placed these people in the category of ‘extraordinary’ due
to the unusual powers that they possessed. It is quite possible
that they are of this earth but have reached a higher state of
development than the average ... I cannot help, however, but
hope that my intuition is right and that there are those from
other planets who are anxious to assist us in our present
predicament here on this earth and who, being more spiritually
inclined, may be able to guide us through the darkness that
seems to lie ahead. In reference to this, a verse from Hebrews
in the New Testament seems pertinent: ‘Let brotherly love
continue. Be not forgetful to entertain strangers; for thereby
some have entertained angels unawares.’11

ALIEN ANTICS

On 23 July 1947, Jose Higgins, a Brazilian topographer,
together with a team of workers, was surveying an area
of land northeast of Pitanga, State of Sao Paulo, Brazil,
when a piercing, high-pitched whistling sound was heard
coming from the sky. Looking up, the men watched as a
large disc appeared about to land. The workers fled,
leaving Higgins to fend for himself.

A ‘strange, circular airship with protruding edges’, as
Higgins described it, landed about 150 feet away. It
appeared to be made of a grey-white metal, was about
150. feet wide (not including the edges, which were about
three feet in width) and was about 15 feet in height. ‘It
was crossed by tubes in several directions,’ said Higgins,
‘but there was no smoke or fire, only that odd sound
coming from the tubes.’ The object landed on curved
metallic-looking poles which bent even more as it
touched the ground. Higgins approached, and as he
came closer he noticed a kind of thick window or
porthole, through which he could see two strange-
looking ‘people’ who were eyeing him closely. One
turned his back as though talking to another in the craft.

Suddenly Higgins heard a noise from inside and a hatch
on the underside of the craft opened and three strange
beings emerged.

About seven feet tall, the beings were enclosed in a
kind of inflated, transparent suit which enveloped them
from head to foot. On their backs were metal boxes that
seemed to be part of the suit. Through the transparent
covering, Higgins saw that they were wearing shirts,
shorts and sandals! The clothes appeared to be made not
of cloth, but of a brilliantly coloured paper. They had
large, round, almost hairless heads, as well as large,
round, browless eyes, and appeared identical to each
other - ‘like twins or brothers’. The length of their legs
was greater in proportion to their bodies than those of
normal human beings.

One of the beings carried a metal tube, which was
pointed at Higgins, with no apparent effect. They moved
around him with amazing agility for their size, speaking
among themselves in an unknown tongue, then the one
with the tube motioned for him to approach the entrance
of the craft. He saw a small chamber with another ‘door’
on the inside, and the end of a pipe. He also noticed
several round ‘beams’ on the protruding edge.

Presuming that he was being invited for a trip, Higgins
began questioning them (in Portuguese), using many
gestures, asking where they intended to take him.

Seeming to understand, one of them made a drawing on
the ground with a round spot, encircled by seven circles,
pointed to the Sun in the sky (uttering a word that
sounded like ‘Alamo’), then to the central spot on the
ground, then to their craft and finally to the seventh orbit
(‘Orque’), repeating the latter gesture several times.

At this point Higgins became frightened and began to
plan his escape. He knew it would be useless to fight
them but, noticing that the beings avoided direct
sunlight for more than a few seconds, he walked towards
the shadow. Taking out a photo of his wife from his
wallet, he showed it to them, explaining by gestures that
he wanted to bring his wife on the trip. They seemed to
understand, so he casually walked away into the nearby
forest. Having found a safe place from which he could
observe the beings without being seen, Higgins was
astonished to see them frolicking about like children,
jumping in the air and throwing huge stones around!

After about half an hour and a careful examination of
their surroundings, they returned to their craft, which
took off with a whistling sound.

The size and apparent strength of the beings, plus their
throwing of large stones, could indicate that they
originated on a planet with a greater gravitational pull
than that of Earth; their gambolling antics possibly being
experimentation with the novelty of the Earth’s lesser
gravitational pull - which reminds one of the Apollo
astronauts who performed similar antics when on the
Moon.
‘I will never know if they were men or women,’
Higgins told the press later. ‘Despite the characteristics I
described, they were somehow beautiful and appeared in
excellent health.’ In company with many contactees,
Higgins was thoroughly bemused by the experience.
‘Was it a dream? Was it real?’ he asked. ‘Sometimes I
doubt that these things can happen, and then I think that
if it was not for the workers together with me in the
beginning, it might have been a strange and fascinating
dream . . .’12


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Machado Carrion, Professor Felipe, ‘The Terrible Death of
Joao Prestes at Aragariguama’, translated from the French
by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 19, no. 2,
March-April 1973, pp. 14-15. This article first appeared
in Phenomenes Spatiaux, no. 30, December 1971.
2.	Noticias Populares, 23 October 1972.
3.	For further details of the ‘ghost rocket’ sightings, see
Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Security Threat
by Timothy Good (Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996).
4.	Allersy Sweden, no. 44, 30 October 1971.
5.	Fredrickson, Sven-Olof, ‘The Angelholm Landing Report’,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 18, no. 2, March-April 1972,
pp. 15-17. See also Motet i glantan by Clas Svahn & Gosta
Carlsson (NTB/Parthenon, Sweden, 1995: ISBN 970972-5-
X). Svahn’s investigation into this case covered a 10-year
period.
6.	Oberth, Professor Hermann, ‘They Come from Outer
Space’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 1, no. 2, May-June
1955., p. 13.
7.	Letter to the author from Bill Gunston, OBE, 24 August
1996.
8.	Oberth, op. cit., p. 14.
9.	Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day
After Roswelly Pocket Books, New York and London,
1997.,	p. 160.
10.	Ibid., p. 90.
11.	Edwards, Allan W., ‘An Angel Unawares?’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 7, no. 1, January-February 1961, pp. 7-10.
12.	Lorenzen, Coral, and Lorenzen, Jim, ‘The Spacemen
Threw Stones: Another Contact Story from Brazil’, The
APRO Bulletin, May 1961, as republished in Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 7, no. 6, November-December 1961. 
Higgins’s story was first published in Diario da Tarde,
Curitaba, Brazil, 8 August 1947.


=========================================================
Chapter 4. STEPS TO THE STARS

It was the evening of 4 July 1949. For Daniel Fry, a
rocket test technician employed by Aerojet General
Corporation at the vast and remote White Sands Proving
Grounds in New Mexico, it was to be an Independence
Day with a difference.

Fry had planned on going into the town of Las Cruces
to celebrate with colleagues, but having missed the last
motor pool bus, he went back to his room and began
reading a textbook on heat transfer, a problem of
considerable relevance to the design of rocket motors. ‘I
was soon to learn however,’ said Fry, ‘that the problems
of heat transfer can become as uncomfortable physically
as they are interesting academically.’ At 20.00 the
building’s air-conditioning system apparently broke
down and it became unbearably hot. He decided to go
for a walk, hoping it would be cooler outside.

Heading in the direction of an old static test stand,
where Aerojet at the time were mounting their largest
rocket engine for tests, Fry then decided to take a
different route that led off towards the base of the Organ
Mountains. Scanning the evening sky, he was surprised
to notice one star, then another, then two more, ‘going
out’. Suddenly, the outline of an object of some sort,
blending with the dark blue of the sky, appeared to be
headed in his direction. ‘As it continued to come toward
me, I felt a strong inclination to run,’ he explained, ‘but
experience in rocketry had taught me that it is foolish to
run from an approaching missile until you are sure of its
trajectory, since there is no way to judge the trajectory of
an approaching object if you are running.’
The object was now less than a few hundred feet
away, moving more slowly and seeming to decelerate. Its
shape was an oblate spheroid with a diameter at its
largest part of about 30 feet. ‘Somewhat reassured by its
rapid deceleration,’ continued Fry, ‘I remained where I
was and watched it glide, as lightly as a bit of
thistledown floating in the breeze. About 70 feet away
from where I was standing, it settled to the ground
without the slightest bump or jar. Except for the
crackling of the brush upon which it had settled, there
had been no sound at all. For what seemed a long time
... I stared at the now motionless object as a child might
stare at the rabbit which a stage magician has just pulled
from his hat. I knew it was impossible, but there it was!’
Fry had been employed for many years in the
burgeoning field of astronautics, yet never before had he
seen such a device. As Vice-President of Crescent
Engineering and Research Company in California, for
example, he developed a number of parts for the
guidance system of the Atlas missile, while at Aerojet he
was in charge of installation of instruments for missile
control and guidance systems. ‘Obviously, the intelligence 
and the technology that had designed and built
this vehicle had found the answers to a number of questions 
which even our most advanced physicists have not
yet learned to ask,’ Fry commented. He then cautiously
approached to within a few feet of the landed craft and
listened for any sign of life or sound from within. There
was none.

I began to circle slowly about the craft so that I could examine
it more completely. It was ... a spheroid, considerably
flattened at the top and bottom. The vertical dimension was
about 16 feet, and the horizontal dimension about 30 feet at
the widest point, which was about seven feet from the ground.

Its curvature was such that, if viewed from directly below, it
might appear to be saucer-shaped, but actually it was more
nearly like a soup bowl inverted over a sauce dish.

The dark blue tint which it had seemed to have when in the
air was gone now, and the surface appeared to be of highly
polished metal, silvery in color, but with a slight violet sheen. I
walked completely around the thing without seeing any sign of
doors, windows or even seams ... I stepped forward and
cautiously extended my index finger until it touched the metal
surface. It was only a few degrees above the air temperature,
but it had a quality of smoothness that seized my attention at
once. It was simply impossible to produce any friction between
my fingertip and the metal. No matter how firmly I pressed my
finger on the metal, it drifted around on the surface as though
there were a million tiny ball-bearings between my finger and
the metal. I then began to stroke the metal with the palm of my
hand, and could feel a slight but definite tingling in the tips of
my fingers and the heel of my palm.

THE VOICE

Suddenly, a loud male voice came out of nowhere:
‘Better not touch the hull, pal, it’s still hot!’ Shocked, Fry
leaped backwards several feet, catching his heel in a low
bush and sprawling full length in the sand. Something
like a low chuckle was heard, then the voice came back:

Take it easy, pal, you’re among friends.’ Recovering
himself, Fry looked around for some person or gadget
from which the voice came, but could see none. He complained 
to the voice that it should turn the volume down.
‘Sorry, buddy, but you were in the process of killing
yourself and there wasn’t time to diddle with controls,’
came the response. ‘Do you mean the hull is highly
radioactive?’ asked Fry. ‘If so, I am much too close.’
‘It isn’t radioactive in the sense that you use the word,’
replied the voice. ‘I used the term “hot” because it was
the only one I could think of in your language to explain
the condition. The hull has a field about it which repels
all other matter. Your physicists would describe the
force involved as the “anti” particle of the binding
energy of the atom.’ The ‘voice’ expounded at length,
and one must wonder at how Fry could have recalled so
much detail:

When certain elements such as platinum are properly prepared
and treated with a saturation exposure to a beam of very high-
energy photons, the anti-binding energy particle will be
generated outside the nucleus. Since these particles tend to
repel each other, as well as all other matter, they, like the
electron, tend to migrate to the surface of the metal where they
manifest as a repellent force. The particles have a fairly long
half-life, so that the normal cosmic radiation received by the
craft when in space is sufficient to maintain an effective charge.

The field is very powerful at molecular distances but, like the
binding energy, it follows the seventh power law so that the
force becomes negligible a few microns away from the surface
of the hull.

Perhaps you noticed that the hull seemed unusually smooth
and slippery. That is because your flesh did not actually come
into contact with the metal but was held a short distance from
it by the repulsion of the field. We use the field to protect the
hull from being scratched or damaged during landings. It also
lowers air friction greatly when it becomes necessary to travel
at high speed through any atmosphere. The field produces an
almost perfect laminar flow of air or any gas about the craft,
and little heat is generated or transmitted to the hull.
‘But how would this kill me?’ asked Fry. ‘I did touch
the hull and felt only a slight tingle in my hand. And
what did you mean by that remark about my language?

You sound pretty much American to me.’
Replying to the first question, the voice explained that
Fry would have probably died within a few months from
exposure to the ‘force field’, which produces ‘what you
would describe as “antibodies” ’ in the blood stream that
are absorbed by the liver, causing the latter to become
greatly enlarged and congested. ‘In your case,’ continued
the voice, ‘the exposure was so short and over such a
small area that you are not in any great danger, although
you will probably feel some effects sooner or later,
provided, of course, that your biological functions are
similar to ours, and we have good reason to believe they
are.’ The voice continued:

As to your second question, I am not an American such as you,
nor even an ‘Earthian’, although my present assignment
requires me to become both. The fact that you believed me to
be one of your countrymen is a testimonial to the effort I have
expended to learn and to practise your language. If you talked
with me for any length of time, however, you would begin to
notice that my vocabulary is far from complete, and many of
my words would seem outdated and perhaps obsolete. As a
matter of fact, I have never yet set foot upon your planet. It will
require at least four more of your years for me to become
adapted to your environment, including your stronger gravity,
[and] your atmosphere ... I will also require the complete cooperation 
of someone like yourself who is already a resident of
the planet.

Fry stood silently for what seemed a long time,
attempting to come to terms with the profound
implications of what he had seen and heard. The
conversation then continued, with Fry asking a variety
of questions, the first dealing with his reactions to the
experience. The voice was encouraging:

One of the purposes of this visit is to determine the basic
adaptability of the Earth’s peoples, particularly your ability to
adjust your minds quickly to conditions and concepts
completely foreign to your customary modes of thought.

Previous expeditions by our ancestors, over a period of many
centuries, met with almost total failure in this respect. This
time there is hope that we may find minds somewhat more
receptive so that we may assist you in the progress, or at least
in the continued existence of your race . . . The fact that, in
spite of being in circumstances completely unique in your
experience, you are listening calmly to my voice and making
logical replies is the best evidence that your mind is of the type
we hoped to find.

Fry thanked the voice, but pointed out that this
statement implied that he was to be used in some project
involving the advancement of the people of Earth. ‘Why
me?’ he asked. ‘Is it just because I accidentally happened
to be here when you landed? I could easily put you in
touch with a number of men right here at the test base
who could be of far more value to you than I.’
‘Perhaps they could,’ came the reply, ‘but would they?’

If you think you are here by accident, you greatly underestimate
our abilities. Why do you think the dispatcher at your motor
pool gave you incorrect information? Why did you think your
air-conditioning system had failed tonight when, as a matter of
fact, it was functioning perfectly? Why do you think you turned
off on this small road, when your intention had been to go to
your static test stand? And finally, why do you think you
changed your mind about going back to your base to report [as
had been Fry’s initial intention] the arrival of our sampling
carrier? It is seldom that we superimpose our will upon that of
others ... but this is a case of such urgency for your people that
we felt an exception to the rule was warranted . . .

The voice went on to request Fry’s assistance in a
planned programme for ‘the welfare, and in fact for the
preservation of’ Earth’s people. Several years would
pass, Fry was told, before his services would be required.
‘We will be glad to offer you a short test flight in the
sampling craft if it will help you to decide that we are
what we say, and that our technology has much for you
to learn,’ said the voice, and continued:

The craft is a remotely controlled sampling device, or cargo
carrier, and while I am speaking through its communication
system, I am not in it. I am in a much larger deep space
transport ship, or what you would call a ‘Mother Ship’. At
present, it is some 900 of your miles above the surface of your
planet, which is as close as ships of this size are permitted to
approach any planet with an appreciable atmosphere. The
cargo craft is being used to bring us samples of your
atmosphere so that my lungs may gradually become
accustomed to it. . .

All of the previous atmosphere that was in the craft was
allowed to escape while it was in space, by the opening of the
remotely controlled valve in the top. There is now an almost
perfect vacuum inside. When the port is again opened, which I
shall do now, your air will rush in to fill the craft, and we will
have a large-scale sample of your atmosphere, together with
any micro-organisms which may be present in it. We need these
also, for study and for immunization. Your breathing of the
atmosphere during this short demonstration flight will, of
course, distort this particular sample somewhat, but we will
have ample opportunity to obtain others before my adaptation
to the environment of your planet is complete.

INSIDE THE CRAFT

A sound - partly a hiss and partly a murmur - came from
the top of the craft. This lasted for about 15 seconds,
then all became quiet again. ‘Any port large enough to
have filled a ship of that size with air in 15 seconds
should have produced quite a roar,’ Fry reasoned. ‘I
realized then that the walls of the ship were almost, if not
entirely, soundproof, and since most of the sound of the
entering air would be produced inside, very little would
be audible outside.’

A single click was then heard coming from the lower
wall of the craft, and a section of the lower side of the
hull moved back on itself for a few inches then moved
sideways, disappearing into the wall of the hull and
leaving an oval-shaped opening about five feet in height
and some three feet in width at its widest point. Fry
walked towards the hatch and, ducking slightly, went
inside the craft. With his feet still on the ground, owing
to the curvature of the craft, he looked around.

The compartment into which I was looking occupied only a
small portion of the interior of the ship. It was a room about
nine feet deep and seven feet wide, with a floor about 16 inches
above the ground and a ceiling between six and seven feet
above the floor. The walls were slightly curved and the
intersections of the walls were bevelled so that there were no
sharp angles or corners . . .

The room contained four seats; they looked much like our
modern body contour chairs, except that they were somewhat
smaller . . . The seats faced the opening in which I was
standing, and were arranged in two rows of two each in the
center of the room, leaving an aisle between the seats and either
wall. In the center of the rear wall, where it joined the ceiling,
there was a small box or cabinet with a tube and what
appeared to be a lens arrangement. It was somewhat similar to
a small motion picture camera or projector, except that no film
spools or other moving parts were visible. Light was coming
from the lens. It was not a beam of light such as would have
come from a projector, but a diffused glow ... it still furnished
ample light for comfortable seeing in the small compartment.

S AIR VALVE

Fig. 3. A diagram of the remotely-controlled craft.

Fry noted that the seats and the light seemed to be the
only furnishings in an otherwise bare metal room. ‘Not
a very inviting cabin,’ he thought, ‘looks more like a
cell.’
‘It’s only a sampling carrier,’ said the voice, in
response to Fry’s unspoken thought, ‘and was not really
designed or intended to carry passengers: the small
compartment was designed for emergencies only, but
you will find the seats quite comfortable. Step in and
take a seat if you wish to make this test flight.’
Fry stepped up on to the floor and headed towards the
nearest seat. As he did so, he heard a click as the door
began to slide out of the recess in the wall behind him.
‘Instinctively, I turned as though to leap out to the
comparative safety of the open desert behind me, but the
door was already closed. If this was a trap, I was in it
now, and there was no point in struggling against the
inevitable.’
‘Where would you like to go?’ asked the voice, now
seeming to come from all around Fry, rather than beside
him, as before. ‘I don’t know how far you can take me in
whatever time you have,’ he replied. ‘And since this
compartment has no windows, it won’t matter which
way we go, as I won’t be able to see anything.’
‘You will be able to see,’ came the reply, ‘at least, as
much as you could see from any of your vehicles in the
air at night. If you would like a suggestion, we can take
you over the city of New York and return you here in
about 30 minutes. At an elevation of about 20 of your
miles, the light patterns of your major cities take on an
especially fascinating appearance which we have never
seen in connection with any other planet.’
‘To New York - and back - in 30 minutes?’ retorted
Fry. ‘Your minutes must be very different from ours.

New York is 2,000 miles from here. A round trip would
be 4,000 miles. To do it in half an hour would require a
speed of 8,000 miles per hour! How can you produce
and apply energies of that order in a craft like this, and
how can I take the acceleration? You don’t even have
belts on these seats!’
‘You won’t feel the acceleration at all,’ came the
reassuring reply. ‘Just take a seat and I will start the
craft. . .’
Fry took the seat nearest to the door and found it to
be quite comfortable. ‘The material of which it was
made felt like foam rubber with a vinylite covering.

However, there were no seams or joints such as an outer
covering would require, so the material, whatever it was,
probably had been moulded directly into its frame in a
single operation.’

ON RENDERING MATERIALS TRANSLUCENT

‘I will now turn off the compartment light and activate
the viewing beam,’ said the voice. For a moment the
room became completely dark. Then a beam of light
came from the projector. ‘The beam, or the part of it
which was visible at all, was a deep violet, at the very top
of the visible spectrum,’ Fry explained. ‘The beam was
focused so as to exactly cover the door through which I
had come, and under its influence the door became
totally transparent. It was as though I were looking
through the finest type of plate glass or lucite window.’
As the voice went on to say that a few of the basic
technical principles would be explained, Fry began to
realize that the words he had been hearing were
probably not coming to his ears as sound waves but
seemed to be originating directly in his brain. The voice
continued:

As you see, the door has become transparent. This startles you
because you are accustomed to thinking of metals as being
completely opaque. However, ordinary glass is just as dense as
many metals and harder than most, and yet transmits light
quite readily. Most matter is opaque to light because the
photons of light are captured and absorbed in the electron
orbits of the atoms through which they pass. This capture will
occur whenever the frequency of the photon matches one of the
frequencies of the atom. The energy thus stored is soon reemitted, 
but usually in the infra-red portion of the spectrum,
which is below the range of visibility, and so cannot be seen as
light. There are several ways in which matter can be made
transparent, or at least translucent.

One method is to create a field matrix between the atoms
which will tend to prevent the photon from being absorbed.

Such a matrix develops in many substances during crystalization. 
Another is to raise the frequency of the photon above the
highest absorption frequency of the atoms. The beam of energy
which is now acting upon the metal of the door is what you
would call a ‘frequency multiplier’. The beam penetrates the
metal and acts upon any light that reaches it in such a way that
the resulting frequency is raised to that between the ranges
which you describe as the ‘X-ray’ and the ‘Cosmic Ray’
spectrums. At these frequencies, the waves pass through the
metal quite readily. Then, when these leave the metal on the
inner side of the door, they again interact with the viewing
beam, producing what you would describe as ‘beat frequencies’ 
which are identical with the original frequencies of
the light. As a rough analogy, the system could be compared to
the carrier wave of one of your radio broadcasting stations,
except that the modulation is applied ‘upstream’ as it were,
instead of at the source of the carrier.

EARTH’S BROADCASTS MONITORED

Fry remarked that, for one who had never set foot on
Earth, his unseen host seemed extraordinarily familiar
with our terrestrial technology. ‘You are underestimating 
our technology,’ came the reply.

You have no idea of the amount of close-range observation to
which your planet has been subjected by passing space craft
during the past few generations. The radio messages and
programs which you continually hurl into space can readily be
monitored by our receiving equipment, at distances equal to
several times the diameter of your solar system. Within such a
volume of space there will always be at least a few ships either
passing through the system or pausing to store up energy from
its solar radiation. Any data received from earthly broadcasts
which is considered to be of potential interest to other races
will be recorded and relayed to more distant receiving points
which will relay in turn, until the data is ultimately available to
much of the galaxy.

LIFT-OFF

The voice announced the imminent departure of the
craft. ‘A moment later, the ground suddenly fell away
from the ship with almost incredible rapidity,’ said Fry.
‘I did not feel the slightest sense of motion myself, and
the ship seemed to be as steady as a rock . . . the lights
of the army base at the proving ground, which had been
hidden by a low hill, instantly came into sight... A few
seconds later the lights of the town of Las Cruces came
into view . . . and I knew that we must have risen at
least 1,000 feet in those few seconds. The ship was
rotating slightly to my left as it rose, and I was able to
see the highway from Las Cruces to El Paso [Texas] . . .

I could even distinguish the very thin dark line of the
Rio Grande .. . The surface of the Earth appeared to be
glowing with a slightly greenish phosphorescence. The
sky outside the ship had become much darker, and the
stars seemed to have doubled in brilliance.’ He assumed
that the craft had now entered the stratosphere, in
which case an altitude of more than 10 miles must have
been attained in no more than 20 seconds, and without
the slightest sense of acceleration.
‘You are now about 13 miles above the surface,’
announced the voice, ‘and you are rising at about one
half-mile per second. We have brought you up rather
slowly so that you might have a better opportunity to
view your cities from the air. We will take you up 35
miles for the horizontal flight. . .’

GRAVITATIONAL FIELDS

The voice explained the question of acceleration and
why it had no effect on the occupants of their craft; a
question ‘which seems to have come up quite often in the
minds of the men of science, and many others of your
people’.

Whenever our sampling devices or landing vehicles have been
observed by them, and when the velocities and acceleration are
described, disbelief is always apparent... This has been one of
the causes of disappointment to us in our evaluation of the
intelligence of the people of Earth ... The answer is simply that
the force which we use to accelerate our vehicles is identical in
nature to a gravitational field. It acts, not only upon every atom
of the vehicle, but equally upon every atom of mass that is
within it, including the mass of the pilot and any passengers.

Regardless of the intensity of the field therefore, every particle
of mass within the influence of the field is in a uniform state of
acceleration or, as you would term it, free fall, with respect to
the field. Under these circumstances acceleration has no effect
upon the vehicle or anything within it.
‘But in that case,’ asked Fry, ‘why am I not floating
around in the air as things are supposed to do in a missile
that is in free fall?’ Back came the answer:

Before the ship’s own field was generated, it was resting upon
the earth, and you were resting upon the seat. There was a
force of one gravity acting between your body and your seat.

Since the force which accelerates both the ship and your body
acts in exact proportion to the mass, and since the Earth’s
gravity continues to act upon both, the original force between
your body and the seat will remain constant except that it will
decrease as the force of gravity of the planet decreases with
distance. When traveling between planetary or stellar bodies
far from any natural gravity source, we find it necessary, for
practical reasons, to reproduce this force artificially.

The gravity to which we are accustomed is but little more
than one-half that of Earth. It is one of the reasons that it will
require so much time for one of us to become completely
acclimatized to your environment. If I were to land now upon
your planet, I could tolerate the doubled gravitational force for
a time but the double weight of all my internal organs would
cause them to be displaced downward, seriously hampering
their functions. The difference in blood pressure between head
and feet when standing erect would be double that to which we
are accustomed, and there would be several other complications 
... If, on the other hand, I remain in my own ship,
the gravitational force to which I am subject can be increased
by small but regular increments: the supporting tissues will
gradually increase in size and strength until, eventually, your
gravity will become as normal to me as my own is now.

Fry asked for an explanation of the craft’s propulsion
system, specifically as it related to the tremendous
amount of energy presumably required to accelerate the
ship to such fantastic velocities. The voice began by
saying that there were several concepts and words which
did not yet exist in human vocabulary, or even in human
consciousness, to allow for a complete explanation. But
after several analogies by way of simplification, he
continued:

The large drum-like structure just above the central bulkhead
is the differential accumulator. It is essentially a storage battery
that is capable of being charged from a number of natural
energy sources. We can charge it from the energy banks of our
own ship, but this is seldom necessary. In your stratosphere,
for example, there are several layers of ionized gas which,
although they are rarefied, are also highly charged. By placing
the ship in a planetary orbit at this level, it is able to collect,
during each orbit, several times the energy required to place it
in orbit. It would also, of course, collect a significant number
of high-energy electrons from the Sun.

By the term ‘charging the differential accumulator’ I merely
mean that a potential difference is created between two poles
of the accumulator. The accumulator material has available
free electrons in quantities beyond anything of which you
could conceive. The control mechanism allows these electrons
to flow through various segments of the force rings which you
see at the top and bottom of the craft... The tremendous surge
of electrons through the force rings creates a very strong
magnetic field. Since the direction and amplitude of the flow
can be controlled through either ring, and in several paths
through a single ring, we can create a field which oscillates in a
pattern of very precisely controlled modes. In this way we can
create magnetic resonance between the two rings or between
the several segments of a single ring.

As you know, any magnetic field which is changing in
intensity will create an electric field which, at any given instant,
is equal in amplitude, opposite in sign and perpendicular to the
magnetic field. If the two fields become mutually resonant, a
vector force will be generated. Unless the amplitude and the
frequency of the resonance are quite high, the vector field will
be very small, and may pass unnoticed. However, the
amplitude of the vector field increases at a greater rate than the
two fields which generate it and, at high resonance levels,
becomes very strong. The vector field, whose direction is
perpendicular to each of the other two, creates an effect similar
to, and in fact identical with, a gravitational field.

If the center of the field coincides with the craft’s center of
mass, the only effect will be to increase the inertia, or mass, of
the craft. If the center of mass does not coincide with the center
of force, the craft will tend to accelerate toward that center.

Since the system which creates the field is a part of the ship, it
will, of course, move with the ship, and will continue
constantly to generate a field whose center of attraction is just
ahead of the ship’s center of mass, so that the ship will continue
to accelerate as long as the field is generated ... To slow or stop
the craft, the controls are adjusted so that the field is generated
with its center just behind the center of mass, so that negative
acceleration will result.

UNCONVENTIONAL COMMUNICATION

‘Incidentally,’ remarked Fry at one point, ‘I don’t even
know your name, or do you people not have given
names?’
‘We have names, though there is seldom any occasion
to use them among ourselves. If I become a member of
your race, I shall use the name Alan, which is a common
name in your country and is nearly the same as my given
name, which is pronounced as though it were spelled
“Ah-lahn”.’
Alan said that, whenever it became necessary, Fry
would be contacted again, though not necessarily by
conventional means. ‘We have recorded your exact
frequency pattern,’ he said (a method reported by Albert
Coe), and went on briefly to discuss mental telepathy, or
‘extra-sensory perception’:

In the first place, it isn’t extra-sensory at all. It is just as much
a part of the body’s normal perception equipment as any of the
others, except that during one phase of the development of the
race it falls into disuse because it is a rather public form of
communication, and during this phase of development the
individual requires a considerable degree of privacy in his
words and thoughts. Most of your animals use the sense to a
greater degree than your people, and for some of your insects,
it is the only form of communication . . .

Communication could also be established by means of
small, remotely controlled probes, as well as directly,
using ‘electronic beam modulation of the auditory
nerve’, Alan claimed.

FREE FALL

Prior to Alan’s elaborate explanation of propulsion, the
craft had flown over New York City - at a reduced
height of 20 miles and a reduced velocity of 600 m.p.h.,
affording Fry an excellent view. ‘The differing temperatures 
of the various air strata beneath me,’ he wrote,
‘caused the lights to twinkle violently, so that the entire
city was a sea of pulsing, shimmering luminescence.’
Before the return trip, Alan offered Fry the chance of
experiencing ‘free fall’. ‘To reach this condition fully
under the present circumstances would be somewhat
dangerous,’ said Alan, ‘but we can approach it closely
enough so that while you will still retain some stability,
you will experience the sensation of weightlessness.’
‘Instantly the compartment light came on,’ said Fry.
‘While I was attempting to adjust my eyes to the light,
my stomach suddenly leaped upward toward my chest.’
Although having been through steep dives and sharp
pullouts in aircraft, and ridden in many devices at
amusement parks, he had never experienced anything
like this.
‘There was no sensation of falling. It simply felt as
though my organs, having been released from a heavy
strain, were springing upward like elastic bands when
released from tension ... In a few seconds I felt almost
normal again.’ Pushing down with his hands on the seat,
he then rose slowly to the ceiling, though his body
rotated and tipped forward so that he came to rest with
his knees on the chair and his eyes only a few inches from
the back cushion.

PLANETARY INDEPENDENCE

Fry was rather shocked to notice a very earthly symbol
imprinted on the material of his seat. It was that of the
tree and the serpent - the caduceus. ‘It is found, in one
form or another, in the legends, the inscriptions and the
carvings of virtually every one of our early races,’ he
said. ‘It has always seemed to me a peculiarly earthly
symbol, and it was startling to see it appear from the
depths of space, or from whatever planet you call home.’

Alan responded:
It is difficult even to outline, in a few minutes of discussion, the
events of many centuries. For it has been centuries since we
have called any planet home. The space ships upon which we
live, and work and learn, have been our only home for
generations. Like all space-dwelling races, we are now
essentially independent of planets. Some of our craft are very
large, judged by your standards, since they are many times
larger than your largest ships. We have no personal need to
approach or land upon any planet, except occasionally to
obtain raw materials for new construction, and that we usually
obtain from asteroids or uninhabited satellites [moons].

Our ships are closed systems. That is, all matter within the
craft remains there; nothing is emitted, ejected or lost from it.

We have learned simple methods of reducing all compounds to
their elements, and for recombining them in any form . . . For
example, we breathe in the same manner as you do. That is,
our lungs take in oxygen from the air, and some of that oxygen
is converted to carbon-dioxide in the body processes.

Therefore, the air in our ship is constantly passed through
solutions which contain plant-like organisms which absorb
carbon-dioxide, use the carbon in their own growth, and
return the oxygen to the air. Eventually those plants become
one of our foods . . .

It may be difficult for you to conceive of a race of intelligent
beings who spend all of their lives within the relatively
restricted confines of a space ship. You may even be inclined to
feel pity for such a race. We, on the other hand, are inclined to
feel pity for the relatively primitive races which are still
confined to the surface of a single planet, where they are unable
to control . . . earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, tidal waves,
blizzards, drought, and a dozen other hazards . . .

While our bodies seldom leave the ship, our technology has
provided us with almost unlimited extensions of our senses so
that ... we can be intimately present at any time and at any
place which we may choose, providing that the place is within
a few thousand miles of our ship. Through a portion of our
technology which your race has not yet begun to acquire, we
are able to generate and apply simple forces at points quite
remote from our craft. Our abilities may be somewhat startling
and incredible to some of your people but they are not actually
as startling and incredible as the scientific knowledge and
abilities your people now have, compared to those which your
ancestors possessed a few hundred years ago . . .

A COMMON ANCESTRY

Alan explained that the symbol of the tree and the
serpent was not unique to Earth. It is a natural one,
‘perhaps because life is said to originate in the waters of
a planet, and the undulations of a serpent are a convenient 
symbol for the waves of a sea. The tree is almost
always the symbol of life, beginning in the sea, rising to
the atmosphere, and finally into space.’ But there was
another factor, he added, that perhaps was significant.

Your people, and some of mine, including myself, have, at least
in part, a common ancestry. Tens of thousands of years ago,
some of our ancestors lived upon this planet, Earth. There was,
at that time, a small continent in a part of the now sea-covered
area which you have named the Pacific Ocean. Some of your
ancient legends refer to this sunken land mass as the ‘Lost
Continent of Lemuria, or Mu’.

Our ancestors had built a great empire and a mighty science
upon this continent. At the same time, there was another
rapidly developing race upon a land mass in the south-west
portion of the present Atlantic Ocean. In your legends, this
continent has been named Atlantis. There was rivalry between
the two cultures, in their material and technological progress.

It was friendly at first, but became bitter ... In a few centuries
their science had passed the point which your race has reached.

Not content with releasing a few crumbs of the binding energy
of the atom, as your science is now doing, they had learned to
rotate entire masses upon the energy axis. Energies equal to 75
million of your kilowatt hours were released by the conversion
of a bit of matter about the mass of one of your copper pennies.

With the increasing bitterness between the two races ... it
was inevitable that they would eventually destroy each other.

The energies released in that destruction were beyond all
human imagination. They were sufficient to cause major shifts
in the surface configuration of the planet, and the resulting
nuclear radiation was so intense and so widespread that the
entire surface became virtually unfit for habitation, for a
number of generations.

RETURN TO EARTH

Alan told Fry that further discussion had to await
another meeting, as time was up and they had landed
back at White Sands. ‘It is on the ground now, and I will
open the door,’ he said. ‘We will wait until you are a
little distance from the craft before we retrieve it . . .

Take care of yourself until we return.’
Dazed after such a fantastic experience, Fry stepped
down and stumbled several paces through the sand
before turning to look at the craft.

The door had closed behind me and, as I turned, a horizontal
band of orange-colored light appeared about the central, or
widest part of the ship, and it leaped upward as though it had
been released from a catapult. The air rushing in to replace that
which had been displaced upward impelled me a full step
forward and almost caused me to lose my balance. I managed
to keep my eyes on the craft while the band of light went
through the colors of the spectrum from orange to violet. As
the light went through the violet band, the craft had risen
several thousands of feet in the air, and I could follow it no
longer.

Fry then became thoroughly depressed. It was as if his
life’s work had lost all significance. ‘A few hours before,
I had been a rather self-satisfied engineer, setting up
instruments for the testing of one of the largest rocket
motors in existence. While I realized that my part in the
project was a small one, I felt that, through my work, I
was traveling in the forefront of progress. Now I knew
that rocket motors . . . had been obsolete for thousands
of years. I felt like a small and insignificant cog in a
clumsy and backward science, which was moving
toward its own destruction.’

Fry did not report or mention his experience to
anyone, partly because he had tacitly given his agreement 
to Alan not to do so, and also because he was
convinced no one would believe him. He continued
rather unenthusiastically with his work, testing various
types and sizes of rocket motor. Alan had said he would
return in a few months, and Fry grew restless. After the
first series of tests were completed, he went back home
to California, then returned to the base for a second
series of tests.

One evening, after Fry had driven from his quarters at
the ‘H’ building to the test site’s instrument room, he
saw an unusual glowing object, about a foot in diameter.

Walking towards it, he suddenly heard Alan’s voice, as if
beside him. ‘Yes, Dan, it’s ours. Since we are not using
the sampling craft now, we thought it best to send down
a small communications amplifier. We could get along
without it, but it does [reduce] the chance of error in our
communications almost to zero.’ After allowing Fry to
calm down following the shock, Alan went on to explain
that he would eventually be able to successfully adapt his
body to Earth’s environment, but that he would need
help.
‘If you do not wish to assist us,’ he continued, ‘all
memory of this meeting and the previous one will be
erased from your mind ... If, on the other hand, you do
decide to assist us, you may find yourself in a situation
that is not easy to endure . . . The only reward we can
promise you is the inward satisfaction of having assisted
in the survival of your race, and the acquisition of
considerable knowledge and understanding that you
would not otherwise be able to gain.’ Fry gave his
consent.

Alan first asked Fry to gather a number of textbooks
dealing with the English language and mathematics.

Regarding the latter, Alan explained that his system was
based on multiples of 12, rather than 10, and that it
would take him a while to master the ‘new’ system.

These textbooks, he said, should be placed on a certain
ledge at the test stand, where they would be ‘collected’
by a small sampling device, then analysed, copied, and
returned 24 hours later. The arrangement worked well.

On several occasions, Fry obtained books (including the
Bible) for Alan from the base library, and on each
occasion they were returned safely.

FURTHER COMMUNICATION

It was not until April 1954 that Alan once again reestablished 
communications with Daniel Fry. At the
time, Fry was relaxing in his retreat, deep in the woods
of southern Oregon. As before, Alan was not present in
person, but his voice was unmistakable. No device was
used on this occasion; instead, communication was
supposedly achieved directly via ‘electronically boosted
telepathy’.

Alan began by admonishing Fry for not having spoken
publicly about his experience. Fry replied that, in the
first place, he was afraid that any report by him might
endanger Alan’s proposed visit to Earth; secondly, he
was unknown, apart from within the rocket industry.
How therefore could he reach the people?

‘Those who are not blind to the truth can recognize
the value of a message regardless of the status of the
messenger,’ Alan responded. ‘Our estimate of four years
for adaptation to your environment was over-optimistic.

The actual time will be closer to five. In the meantime,
one of your major problems is becoming critical. Unless
some small balancing force is applied in the right
quarters, your entire civilization may wipe itself out. . .
before we are in a position to be of assistance.’

Fry was asked to write down his experiences in a
book, and to repeat through newspapers, radio and
television what he had learned. ‘You don’t realize what
you are asking,’ said Fry. ‘If I attempt to make public the
information you have given me, it will only mean that I
will be scorned and ridiculed ... If I give a statement to
our newspapers, they will either ignore it or print a
comic distorted version.’

‘Of course you will be ridiculed,’ was the reply.
‘Ridicule is the protective barrier which the timid or the
ignorant erect between themselves and any possibility
which frightens or disturbs them ... It is the price
exacted from every individual who is as much as one step
in advance of his fellows.’

‘Why don’t you just set a small landing craft down on
the White House lawn some morning, ask for worldwide
communications facilities, and give your information
and advice to the whole world at once?’ asked Fry. ‘Such
a simple solution is only wishful thinking on your part,’
replied Alan. ‘If you think a little, you will see that there
are many reasons . . . why such a course would not be
successful.’

... If we were to appear as members of a superior race, coming
from ‘above’ to lead the people of your world, our arrival
would seriously disrupt the ego balance of your society. Tens
of millions of your people, in their desperate need to avoid
being demoted to second place in the universe, would go to any
lengths to disprove, or simply deny, our existence. If we took
steps to force the acceptance of our reality upon their
consciousness, about 30 per cent of the people would insist
upon considering us as Gods, and would attempt to place upon
us all responsibility for their own welfare. This is a
responsibility we would not be permitted to assume, even if we
were able to discharge it... Most of the remaining 70 per cent
would adopt the belief that we were planning to enslave their
world, and many would begin to seek means to destroy us. If
any great and lasting good is to come from our efforts, they
must be led by your own people, or at least by those who are
accepted as such . . .

INFILTRATION

To travel about the Earth, Alan explained, he would of
course require a passport (!) - unobtainable without a
birth certificate. ‘Since my origin was actually
extraterrestrial, there is no legal way in which I can
obtain either a birth certificate or a passport, yet I must
have both,’ he said. ‘It was therefore necessary to find a
County Registrar who could understand the need for my
being here, and be willing to assist, even at some risk to
himself... We will arrange for you to meet him, and you
must become well acquainted since it will be up to you
to conduct the negotiations.’ He continued:

We have made a careful analysis of the steps to be taken so that
I may move easily, and unnoticed, among your people ... I
must have a profession, or at least a gainful occupation,
preferably one which is generally known to and accepted by
the public, but which is normally conducted in private . . . The
ideal occupation would be that of a purchasing agent in an
international trading concern. Such a position would furnish a
means of livelihood, a good background cover, and an
excellent excuse to visit other countries whenever it might
become necessary. It would also provide a non-political
contact with most of the governments of your world, since
every country, whether friendly or not, has things which it
wishes either to buy or to sell.

Another problem would involve opening a bank
account. ‘It seems that most of your money systems are
related to the value of gold,’ Alan went on. ‘I will
therefore arrange to have a few pounds of the metal
delivered to you here, so that you can exchange it for
your currency and open an account in my name.’
‘Not gold,’ Fry objected. ‘Gold has too many legal
strings attached, and anyone who offers it for sale must
be able to prove its source. If you happen to have some
small ingots of platinum handy, they will do nicely. The
demand for platinum somewhat exceeds the supply, so
that it is not difficult to sell, and its present value is
several times that of gold.’
‘Very well,’ agreed Alan, ‘platinum it will be, although
it seems strange to think of it as having so much value
among your people . . . While platinum is an excellent
substance for the plating of surfaces that will be exposed
to corrosion, and most of our space ships are plated with
it, it has few other uses in our technology.’

THE SURVIVORS

During this same lengthy communication in April 1954,
Alan described what had happened to the survivors of
the devastating conflict that had destroyed an entire
civilization tens of thousands of years ago. On a high
plateau in what is now Tibet, six of the surviving aerial
craft were landed by their crews, to determine the fate of
the survivors:

It was suggested that an attempt be made to reach another
planet. The aerial craft then in use were capable of traveling in
space, and had frequently been used to reach elevations of
hundreds of miles, but no attempt had yet been made to leap
the vast gulf between the planets, and the crew members were
far from certain that such an attempt could succeed.

The planet which you now know as Mars was then in
conjunction with the Earth, and preliminary estimates seemed
to indicate that the crossing could be made. At that time, the
surface conditions of temperature, atmosphere, water, etc.
were somewhat better suited for human survival than the
conditions your astronomers report to exist today. A vote was
taken, and the members of the crews of four of the craft elected
to take the huge gamble in the hope of preserving, thereby, at
least a portion of the culture of the race. The remaining crews
decided to remain on Earth. They believed that, because of the
elevation of the plateau on which they were gathered, and the
relatively low level of radiation at that point, they could
continue to live in this area without suffering complete physical
or mental degeneration in themselves or their descendants.

I can see the question forming in your mind, so I will explain
that this race had achieved perfect equality of the sexes, and
both were equally represented in this council, and in the crews
of the ships. Of the four craft which essayed the great leap,
three arrived safely at their destination. There is no record in
our history as to the fate of the fourth. For many generations
the grim struggle for survival demanded the entire time and
energy of the people ... As the battle for survival against the
harsh environment was gradually won, the development of the
material science resumed its normal pattern, and technology
spurted ahead. With the lessons of the past constantly before
the people, however, the material values were carefully
maintained in their proper relationship to the social and
spiritual values.

‘The greatest need of your race, your civilization and
your society today,’ concluded Alan, ‘is simple, basic
understanding between man and his fellow man,
between nation and nation, and between all men and
that greater power and intelligence that pervades and
controls all nature. Understanding is the key to survival
for your race . . . l

DISCUSSION

Was Dan Fry really taken for a ride - or was he taking
us for a ride? I have dwelled at length on his story for
two reasons: first, because I believe it to be fundamental
to the understanding of certain extraterrestrial encounters; 
secondly, because I believe the story to be
essentially true. That is not to say that I accept it
unreservedly. There are a number of Fry’s claims that
require critical commentary.

I first met Fry in the early 1970s during a tour of the
United States as a violinist with the London Symphony
Orchestra. Then, in August 1976, he invited my friend
and co-researcher Louise (Lou) Zinsstag and me to stay
with him and his wife Florence at their home in
Tonopah, Arizona. I recall that the temperature at the
time went up as high as 113 degrees Fahrenheit, though,
mercifully, the dry desert air made it feel less so. Dan and
Florence were very kind hosts and gave us a lot of their
time.

During the stay, which lasted nearly a week, I asked
Dan many questions about his claims. In the first place,
I wanted to know why he is listed, in most of his
publications, as ‘Dr Daniel Fry’, holding a ‘Ph.D. from St
Andrews College of London, England’. There is no such
college in London; furthermore, the ludicrous ‘dignity
degree’ of ‘Doctor of Philosophy (Cosmism)’ was
conferred on him in April 1960 by the ‘St Andrews
Ecumenical University Intercollegiate’, as was evident
when I saw the framed ‘degree’ in his home. Enquiries by
Philip Klass, a vocal sceptic, revealed that the college was
‘a sort of correspondence school’, where anyone could
apply for a Ph.D. by submitting a thesis and paying a
modest fee.2

‘I don’t think that you could buy a degree there,’ Dan
replied. ‘I certainly never paid anything for this one,
neither was I ever asked to. It was given for the material
in the first edition of my book, Steps to the Stars'
‘But Dan,’ I argued, ‘a Ph.D. is normally associated
with a recognized university. You can surely sympathize
with scientists when they become suspicious of a man
who is trying to make his Ph.D. look like an accredited
doctorate?’
I’ve never attempted to make it look like that, it’s
been others who have done that,’ he answered, somewhat 
defensively. ‘It doesn’t make any difference to me.’
It may not have made any difference to Fry, but by
allowing the phoney Ph.D. to appear on the jackets of his
books and publications, as well as on his stationery, it
certainly made a huge difference to the degree of
acceptance of his claims by the scientific community.

Interestingly, though, Steps to the Stars 3 was taken
seriously by at least one scientist. A letter to Fry from
Parry Moon, Professor of Electrical Engineering at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (a copy of which
is in my possession) endorses the book thus:

Your book, Steps to the Stars, was called to my attention by
Alexander Mebane [who] had written a caustic criticism [and]
I’m afraid I offended him by disagreeing completely with his
analysis . . . Steps to the Stars seemed to me an admirable
presentation for the layman. But, as in any popular exposition,
some of the ideas were necessarily vague. A more rigorous
treatment might be of great value to scientists . . .4

Another of my questions dealt with the fact that, in all
editions of his first book, The White Sands Incident (first
published in 1954),5 the date of the incident is given as 4
July 1950. Yet 10 years after publication he admitted
that the incident actually occurred on 4 July 1949.
‘I had to change it,’ he explained. ‘In the last edition, I
told the publisher to change it, but he decided this might
not be good for publicity, and he kept it to 1950 after I’d
said to change it, because there was now no need to hide
the fact that it was 1949.’
‘So there was a reason?’ I asked.
‘There was a reason,’ Dan replied, ‘because it turned
out to be a year later than he had originally planned -
that Alan could be here. He thought it could be done in
four years; it actually took five years. Now, had the
Pentagon, for example, taken this book seriously, at that
time there was a pretty good chance they could have
tracked him down. There had to be an escape
mechanism. The fact is that on the evening of the Fourth
of July 1950 I was not at White Sands - I didn’t arrive
there until later in July. And everyone in White Sands
Proving Grounds and in Aerojet knows that.’

Fry held several security clearances during his time at
White Sands, and when The White Sands Incident was
published, he immediately took the first copy to the
security section at Aerojet. ‘I said, “Read this over, and
if you find any violation of security, speak now.” They
read it over, and said there was no violation. And that
copy was put into the Aerojet Technical Library - under
non-fiction. It happened that the President of Aerojet
served a term as Secretary of the Navy, and during that
time was flying to Japan when he was supposedly buzzed
by a UFO that circled his plane a number of times, in
broad daylight and at close range. So this individual
knew perfectly well that these things were not just
swamp gas.’

Others at White Sands were equally convinced that
UFOs were a reality. Commander Robert McLaughlin
confirmed that on 21 April 1949 (the year of Fry’s initial
encounter) his team of US Navy scientists tracking a
Skyhook balloon at the base observed an unusual silvery
object. With the aid of theodolites and a stopwatch, the
scientists were able to ascertain that the UFO was at an
altitude of 56 miles, was 40 feet long, 100 feet wide, and
that its speed when first seen was seven miles per second.

‘I am convinced,’ said McLaughlin, ‘that it was a flying
saucer, and further, that these discs are spaceships from
another planet, operated by animate, intelligent beings.’
On another occasion, he reported, two small discs,
tracked from five observation posts at White Sands, were
seen to pace an Army high-altitude rocket. After circling
it briefly, the discs shot off at high speed.6 McLaughlin is
also quoted as saying: ‘Many times I have seen flying
discs following and overtaking missiles in flight at the
experimental base at White Sands, New Mexico, where,
as is known, the first American atom bomb was tried
out.’7

Regarding the initial contact, Lou had always been
incredulous about the exceptional courage shown by
Fry. ‘How could you just step into a dark contraption on
a dark night,’ she asked him, ‘with nobody showing, and
just a voice?’

He laughed. ‘I did not have all that much courage; I
mean, I tell you, my knees were knocking pretty well!’
‘Well, they told him it was a sampling device,’ added
Florence, ‘and he said after he got inside he wasn’t sure
that he might not be the sample!’

I	have always been dubious about the authenticity of
Fry’s 16mm films of UFOs (copies of which are in my
possession), particularly an object he said he saw in
Oregon in May 1964, which to me looks like a couple of
lampshades or similarly shaped devices fixed together
and suspended with fine twine. He went into some detail
as to the circumstances of the filming, and claimed that
some frames show the limb of a cloud coming in front of
the saucer. I remain unconvinced; the movement of the
craft gives every indication of being a suspended fake.

Perhaps I am wrong. But does this prove that Fry was
lying about all his previous experiences? I think not.

Most probably, he thought that a few fabricated movie
films of ‘saucers’ would bolster his unprovable claims. I
have come across a number of contactees who have done
just that; Eduard (Billy) Meier being one.8

That aside, it seems to me that Fry did take at least one
genuine photograph of a UFO (see plate section). The
incident took place on the afternoon of 18 September
1954., as he was driving home from work on Garvey
Boulevard, near Baldwin Park, California. He had no
camera with him so, having just passed a drugstore, he
made a U-turn and hastily purchased a Brownie box-
camera and film. The UFO was photographed and within
minutes the film given to the same store for processing.9

What is perhaps most striking about Dan Fry’s
account is that part which concerns the technology of
flying saucer energy and propulsion. Regardless of his
credentials, not only is Fry’s description sophisticated
because of his own technical career, but it is inherently
more scientifically advanced and theoretically pristine
than was anywhere available or studied in 1949-50. The
kind of even now hypothetical physics and engineering
that Fry says he was told about by Alan only began to be
seriously examined in the late 1980s and in this decade
by a few prescient academics and far-reaching experimental 
engineers (for example, Dr Hal Puthoff), writing
in peer-reviewed and critically edited scientific journals
that are widely read and highly respected repositories of
leading scientific thought, literally on the edge of the
twenty-first century.

Fry claimed to have had in-person meetings with Alan
at about five-year intervals, but was reluctant to provide
me with a description of the man. Concerning the
success of his masquerade, Alan told Fry at their initial
meeting, ‘My first real test will come when I walk down
the street of any of your larger cities, and if anyone -
anyone - turns their head to look at me, then it would
mean that I had failed somewhere.’ Dan also remarked
that the life expectancy of Alan’s race was about two and
a half times that of ours, and that two other individuals
would be taking Alan’s place eventually, in an attempt to
keep a lid on the possibility of a nuclear holocaust.

Finally, Fry discussed the confusing variety of alien
species with which we are confronted. ‘Probably most of
the confusion in the field,’ he commented, ‘has been
caused by the need of many people to force all of the
UFO phenomenon into one hole. Each individual case is
an individual event that should be judged on its own
merits. To think that all beings visiting this planet come
from the same place, with the same purpose, and in the
same type of craft, is like standing on the corner of 42nd
Street and Broadway, watching all the people go by and
assuming they all come from the same place, with the
same purpose, and the same habits. We live in a galaxy
that teems with life and intelligence in every direction -
once we get our egos under control enough to admit the
fact. We’re just one of a series of evolutionary products
- and by no means the leading one . . .’10


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Fry, Daniel W., ‘The White Sands Incident’ (revised
edition), in To Men of Earth, Merlin Publishing Co.,
Merlin, Oregon, 1973.
2.	Klass, Philip J., UFOs Explained, Random House, New
York, 1974, pp. 248-9.
3.	Fry, Daniel W., Steps to the Stars, CSA, Lakemont,
Georgia, 1965.
4.	Letter to Daniel W. Fry from Parry Moon, Professor of
Electrical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, 9 June 1958.
5.	Fry, Daniel W., The White Sands Incident, New Age, Los
Angeles, 1954.
6.	McLaughlin, Robert B., ‘How Scientists Tracked a Flying
Saucer’, True, March 1950.
7.	Flying Saucer Review, vol. 5, no. 5, September-October
1959., p. 10.
8.	See Spaceships of the Pleiades: The Billy Meier Story by Kal
K. Korff (Prometheus Books, Amherst, New York, 1995)
for an expose of Meier’s photographs and film. When I first
spoke to Meier in 1965 (having heard about his earlier
extraterrestrial encounters when I was in India the previous
year), he seemed sincere, but on meeting him at his home in
Switzerland in 1977 and examining the evidence, including
film and photographs, I became deeply suspicious. For the
record, I must also add that, in his interview with me
published in Light Years: An Investigation into the
Extraterrestrial Experiences of Eduard Meier (Atlantic
Monthly Press, New York, 1987), author Gary Kinder
excluded my negative conclusions about Meier’s claims.
9.	Norkin, Israel, Saucer Diary, Pageant Press, New York,
1957., p. 26.
10.	Interviews with the author, Tonopah, Arizona, 24-27
August 1976.


=========================================================
Chapter 5. PROLIFERATING ENCOUNTERS

Bruno Facchini, a 40-year-old industrial worker, lived
on the outskirts of Abbiate Guazzone, Italy, a short
distance from the highway leading to Milan. On the
evening of 24 April 1950, a violent storm struck the
district of Varese in northern Italy. Just before 22.00 the
rain stopped, and Facchini decided to take a breath of air
outside his house. He was about to go inside when his
attention was drawn to strange flashes in the sky a few
hundred metres away. Because a high-voltage power line
passed right over the spot and a pylon with electrical
equipment stood in front of his house, Facchini became
concerned that the storm might have damaged these
structures.

Proceeding cautiously to avoid stepping on any ‘live’
cables, Facchini arrived at the spot. Seeing nothing
amiss, he was on the point of returning to his house
when he saw the strange flashing again. This time I
could see that it was a little further away from where I
stood,’ he told investigator Antonio Giudici, ‘so I
decided to go closer.’
When I did get closer, I caught sight of an enormous black
shadow, almost round in shape (it looked like a ball with the
top part flattened). In the middle of it I could see a little ladder,
and from the top of the ladder was coming a greenish light. I
was now able to have a close view of the source of the flashing;
that is, I saw quite clearly an individual who, from the top of a
pneumatic lift (of the type made with a base, an extensible
shaft, and a platform on top), seemed to be standing and doing
a welding job. I could see quite clearly that the individual . . .
was wearing a diving suit and mask.

My curiosity now aroused, I stepped closer, and now also
saw two other individuals, likewise in diving suits and masks,
moving about very slowly around the machine, which caused
me to think that the suits they were wearing must be very heavy
for them. The machine, which was of a dark colour, showed
metallic reflections when lit up by the flashes coming from the
welder.

Since Milan’s La Malpensa airport, as well as the
military airfields at Vergiate and Venegono, were not far
away, Facchini presumed that an aircraft had made an
emergency landing. ‘I told the men that I lived close by
and asked them if they needed any help,’ he said. The
only reply I got were some incomprehensible guttural
sounds.’
The crew was wearing what looked like dark-grey,
presumably heavy diving suits, with grey masks over
their heads. A tube appeared to hang down from the
level of the mouth, with an opening at the end, as if,
Facchini reasoned, it could be joined to another tube or
cylinder. During brief bursts of light from the welding,
the skin of the crew looked to be light in colour. They
were about 1.70 metres in height.

I tried to guess what their intentions were, and I got the
impression that they wanted to invite me to go up into the
machine. Then I heard a noise like the sound of a gigantic
beehive, or perhaps it might be better to say like a big dynamo,
and I saw, inside, another ladder going up, and all around - on
the walls - tubes, cylinders and gauges. In that precise moment
I realized that it couldn’t be an aircraft, and I was seized by a
sensation of panic and fled.

But after I had run a few paces I turned round, and saw one
of the pilots grab a sort of camera that he was carrying round
his neck and shoot a beam of light at me. I carried on running,
and simultaneously I had the impression that I had been struck
by a blunt instrument or, to put it better, by a powerful jet of
compressed air, and I fell to the ground, landing, for further
measure, right on top of one of the boundary stones marking
the edges of the fields.

Suffering pain from his bruises, Facchini continued to
watch the strange aircraft and its crew. ‘It seemed as
though they were no longer interested in me,’ he said. ‘I
was sure that they did not desire to do me any harm.’
Then it looked as if the crew was preparing to leave.

The individual who had been welding had now come down
(the lift on which he was standing had in fact descended, its
tubes re-entering) and the two others who had remained on the
ground picked up the lift, now reduced in size, put it into a
small box and stowed it inside the machine, the ladder was
drawn in, and the door closed. Everything became dark. The
noise like a beehive continued. Then, all of a sudden, it grew
louder, and more powerful, and the machine rose at fantastic
speed and vanished into the darkness.

All became silent. Facchini stood there, his eyes glued
to the sky, but there was nothing to be seen. He returned
home quietly and spent a sleepless night.

Landing Traces

The following day, Facchini returned to the landing site
to look for his cigarette case which he had lost during the
encounter. He discovered faint marks on the ground,
consisting of four round impressions about one metre in
diameter, set in a square, about six metres apart. He also
noticed burnt grass and a few pieces of metal which he
picked up, presuming them to be residue from the
welding. Facchini reported the incident to police
headquarters in Varese, and investigations were carried
out at the landing site.

‘I had an analysis made of the metal, which turned out
to be an “anti-friction metal”,’ Facchini explained to
Antonio Giudici. ‘It was a shiny metal, with a granulous
surface’1 (see plate section). As is often the case with
metallic samples found at UFO landing sites, nothing
abnormal showed up in analysis. In its report, the
Experimental Institute for Light Metals stated that:
the sample received consisted of three small metal fragments of
a yellowish-white colour and with a total weight of 1.64
grams. The percential results of the chemical analyses made are
as follows:

Copper 74.33%
Tin 19.38%
Lead 4.92%
Antimony 0.52%
Zinc 0.33%
Nickel 0.08%
Iron 0.02%

plus minimal traces of silver, aluminium, and magnesium. The
fragments under consideration are thus of a ‘lead bronze’, with
a high content of tin. The micrographical structure seems
perfectly normal for a bronze of the type in question, in a cast
state. The presence of no rare or abnormal element for an alloy
of this type was detected. It is very probable that the fragments
presented to us for examination come from the packing bed of
a bearing that has had very heavy wear.2

It is unclear precisely what is expected when physical
tests are taken of objects believed to have come from a
craft of extraterrestrial origin. If they were not composed 
of material and elements that we otherwise know
about from hundreds of years of scientific enquiry, then
how would we be able to understand them? We have
good reason to believe that the 10 metals listed above are
found throughout the universe and are desirable
construction materials for vehicles, regardless of where
found and fabricated in the universe.

Trauma
A few days after the experience, Facchini began to have
pains in the part of his back where the beam of light had
struck him, and the area gradually turned black. The
pain lasted for over a month. But it was the psychological 
trauma that persisted. ‘What is more important is
the fact that I never got over the shock that I suffered,’
he said. ‘Even today, years after, from time to time I feel
hot flushes on the face, without any signs of fever.’3
In an interview in his home in 1981, Facchini - then
71. years old - discussed some further details of the 1950
incident and its aftermath. ‘There seems to be no
discrepancy in his fresh account as given to me,’ reported
investigator Ezio Bernardini. ‘Talking of the appearance
of the crew of the UFO, he described to me vividly his
amazement when, on television years later, he saw the
American astronauts walking about on the Moon:
“They looked just the same!” ... One thing on which he
was adamant was that they were not “little men”. They
were of our size and build [and were] just like us, and
they could pass anywhere here as men of our Earth.’
Over the past 30 years, said Facchini, many people,
including engineers and technicians, had visited him to
learn more about his experience. Some military and
civilian experts told him that attempts had been made to
construct similar craft here, but that for various reasons
all had been failures. ‘You must realize that that
machine, that UFO, had not only all those tubes everywhere 
inside and outside, but also two big holes,’
Facchini expounded, ‘and the technical experts have
explained to me that, by expelling and compressing the
air in the tubes, the UFO could move laterally and,
sending the air out through the two big holes, the
machine could go up or down.’4
Here we have a technical account not as aero-
dynamically sound nor as advanced as others reviewed
in this book. However, just as several propulsive technologies 
co-exist in various states of sophistication in
conventional use by mankind variously, so might
unconventional technologies co-exist on a broader
planetary basis than just our own.

Among Facchini’s visitors was a high-ranking Italian
Navy officer who, after hearing his story, said: ‘You are
a lucky man! How much I’d have given to have been in
your place and to have observed that marvel of
technology!’

‘What, me a lucky man?’ said Facchini, bitterly. ‘I’d
have liked to pass on to him all that I’ve had to put up
with!’ He went on to describe the tremendous upheaval
in his life caused by the 1950 experience; the long-
drawn-out mental trauma inflicted upon him by the
authorities with their endless interrogations, by the
hordes of curiosity-seekers, by the endless arguments
with journalists, and by all the ridicule he had
encountered. ‘If I’d have known all that was coming, I’d
have kept jolly quiet about it. . .’5

DEVELOPMENTS IN ARGENTINA

Leonard Stringfield, the former United States Air Force
intelligence officer who later specialized, as a civilian, in
cases involving crashed unidentified aerial craft, was
given details of an extraordinary incident that took place
in a remote area of Bahia Blanca, Argentina, on 10 May
1950. The witness, Dr Enrique Caretenuto Botta, Italian
by birth, was an ex-Second World War pilot, an
aeronautical engineer, and, at the time of the incident, an
architectural engineer with a Venezuelan real-estate
company engaged in a construction project on the
pampas. Dr Botta first related his story to the
Venezuelan researcher, Horacio Gonzales who, in turn,
put Stringfield in contact with Botta. In the following
account, I have incorporated some of the information
supplied to the late UFO researcher Coral Lorenzen, of
the former Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
(APRO), by Gonzales, who was APRO’s representative
in Caracas.

Dr Botta was driving along the highway about 75
miles from his hotel (at a point he gave as 64° Longitude
West Greenwich; 37° 45' South Latitude, 800 feet above
sea level) when his attention was drawn to a metallic
disc-shaped object resting on the ground off the highway, 
with a flashing light on top. He stopped to
investigate. After a few moments waiting to see if
anything would happen, he approached the object.
‘The object was resting on the ground in an inclined
position,’ Dr Botta wrote to Stringfield in October 1955.
‘The disc was 32 feet in diameter, the surface was
slippery and brilliant. The height was about 13 feet, the
tower [dome?] with windows was six feet high . . .’ Dr
Botta decided to enter the vehicle through a small hatch
in the side.

Three little men were seated in soft armchairs. They were dead.

One of the three, the pilot (I believe), was seated in the center
of the tower. In front of him was a large panel with bright
instruments. His hands were resting on two levers. They were
about four feet in height. In appearance they were human,
equal to ourselves with eyes, nose and mouth. The color of
their hair was gray-chestnut, cut short. Their skin was bronze,
their faces were dark [or charred]. They were dressed in
overalls of a gray-lead color . . .’6
According to the information supplied by Dr Botta to
Gonzales, the pilot sat on what appeared to be a ‘control
chair’ while the other two ‘were lying on lounges along
the curved wall of the ship . . . All three were dressed in
brown, tight-fitting overalls that exposed only the hands
and the face, and their feet were encased in some kind of
boots . . . their skin [was] a tobacco-brown, their eyes
light colored.’7

Dr Botta’s report to Stringfield continues:

I touched the bodies which were rigid. In the tower there was
a smell [like] ozone and garlic. In the roof of the cabin there
was an intermittent small light of orange-whitish color . . .

There were no cables, no pipes, only the panel of the
controls. Above the panel there was a small [glass-like] sphere
with a circle. To the right of the pilot there was an apparatus
similar to a TV screen. I remained five minutes in the tower but
the absence of the [presumed] fourth person impressed me so
much that I went out of the machine very stunned.

Dr Botta headed straight back to his hotel and there
related his adventure to two colleagues. Arming themselves 
with revolvers and taking a camera, the engineers
at first considered going to the site immediately, but as
night was approaching they decided to wait until
morning. On reaching the spot then, all that could be
seen was a pile of ashes. Dr Botta took a photograph of
the ash and one of the group scooped up some of it. His
hand turned purple, the colour remaining indelible for
several days.

As the engineers Wandered around the site looking for
more evidence, one of them glanced up and saw three
objects: one cigar-shaped, high up, and the others
smaller and disc-shaped. One of the discs, about 10
metres in diameter, was hovering above the group at an
estimated altitude of 600 metres. In haste, Dr Botta
managed to take five photographs, only two of which
showed the objects with sufficient clarity. The two discs
then shot upwards, apparently merged with the cigar,
which flew for a short distance, turned ‘blood red’, made
an 80-degree turn, and disappeared in seconds.

Dr Botta said that although the craft had a metallic
appearance, it felt (very untypically) ‘resilient, like
rubber’. Also, there were holes or vents in the floor. ‘For
weeks he suffered from a fever which no doctor in the
area could diagnose, and his skin was covered with
blisters,’ reported Gonzales. ‘He had entered the disc
with dark green eyeglasses (used by pilots) and the
outline of the glasses was marked around both eyes. A
doctor tested him for radiation but could not find any
traces . . . Because of the character of the man and his
professional standing, it is difficult to believe the story is
a hoax.’8

Dr Botta’s observation that the faces of the aliens were
‘dark or charred’ is interesting. During a conversation
with Dr Rolf Alexander at Mexico City airport in 1951,
General George Marshall, US Army Chief of Staff in the
Second World War and later US Secretary of State,
allegedly revealed that American authorities had
recovered alien craft and bodies. On three (unspecified)
occasions, said Marshall, there had been landings which
had proved disastrous for the occupants: breathing the
heavily oxygenated atmosphere of Earth supposedly had
incinerated the visitors from within.9 (If General
Marshall did say this, his remark is technically correct:
what we call ‘burning’ or incineration is a process of
rapid, often destructive oxidation.)

Unidentified Submergible Objects

One night in late June 1950, Romero Ernesto Suarez was
walking along the coastal road between Rio Grande and
San Sebastian in Tierra del Fuego, Argentina, when he
heard an unusual noise of turbulence in the sea. Because
there was no wind or storm that could have given rise to
such activity, Suarez became alarmed. Peering into the
darkness in the direction of the noise, he saw suddenly a
huge, luminous, oval-shaped object emerge from the sea
about 500 metres from the shore. The craft ascended
vertically to a certain altitude, made an abrupt 90-degree
turn, then disappeared rapidly towards the northwest.

Fifteen days later, again at night, Suarez witnessed a
similar occurrence, this time between Rio Gallegos and
Santa Cruz. Four small, luminous domed discs emerged
vertically from the sea in perfect formation, levelled,
then flew up the coastline before turning in the direction
of the Cordillera de los Andes.10

Over the years, many sightings of what I call
unidentified submergible objects (USOs) have been
reported from the coast of Argentina and elsewhere,
examples of which appear in subsequent chapters.

Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso, who served on
President Eisenhower’s National Security Council staff
and who once headed the US Army’s Office of Research
and Development’s Foreign Technology desk at the
Pentagon, confirms that USOs were of considerable
concern to military authorities:

Unidentified Submerged Objects [were] a worry in naval
circles, particularly as war planners advanced strategies for
protracted submarine warfare in the event of a first strike.

Whatever was flying circles around our jets since the 1950s,
evading radar at our top-secret missile bases . . . could plunge
right into the ocean . . . and surface halfway around the world
without so much as leaving an underwater signature we could
pick up. Were these USOs building bases at the bottom of
the oceanic basins beyond the dive capacity of our best
submarines . . .?n
A BRIEF REPAIR STOP IN FRANCE
Another ‘repair’ case from 1950 is alleged to have taken
place on the night of 23 (or 24) July, in Guyancourt, 20
kilometres from Paris, France. At about 23.00, Claude
Blondeau, the proprietor of a small cafe, was taking
some air before retiring to bed when he heard a slight
noise ‘like the wind’. Turning, he noticed two greyish
discs hovering just above the ground about 100 metres
away.

Each disc had a row of rectangular ‘portholes’ that
encircled the circumference. As Blondeau watched, a
thick oval hatch opened in the bottom part of each disc.

From each hatch emerged a ‘man’ of about 1.7 metres in
height, dressed in dark-blue or brown ‘flying suits’. They
wore no headgear and - as in the Facchini case -
appeared quite like humans. Joining each other at one of
the two discs, the men began to replace one of a number
of ‘plates’ located on the underside of each disc. (A
remarkably similar operation was also observed in the
USA in 1964 - see Chapter 13). This replacement of a
presumably defective unit was carried out with bare
hands and without the aid of any tools.

Although apprehensive, Blondeau approached the
two pilots and asked if they had had to make a forced
landing. ‘Yes, but not for long,’ one of them replied, in
rather halting French. Through the open hatch,
Blondeau had a brief view of the inside of the craft. A
‘formidable’ light filled the interior of the circular cabin,
in the centre of which could be seen a chair, similar to a
dentist’s chair, covered in red material. In front of the
chair was something that looked like a radio transmitter
with a number of buttons, and on a pillar was what
appeared to be a large oval ‘steering wheel’ or control
column with projecting handles at opposite sides. Other
apparatus was visible on ‘blocks’ or ‘panels’ around the
‘control chair’.

Blondeau asked some questions about the purpose of
the buttons on the control panels. ‘Energy!’ came the
curt response. Without further comment, the men reentered 
their respective discs, took their places and
closed the hatches. The portholes became luminous and
within seconds the two craft tilted up on end and
accelerated upwards at very high speed, making the
same wind-like noise as when they had first appeared.

The entire incident lasted no more than two minutes.12

NORTH ATLANTIC ENCOUNTER
In his book Flying Saucers: Top Secret, Major Donald
Keyhoe described an important sighting made ‘in 1956’
by the crew of a US Navy aircraft en route from Iceland
to Newfoundland. Keyhoe’s source for the report was
Captain James Taylor, a retired US Navy officer, whose
name had been given to him by Admiral Delmer S.

Fahrney, a friend of the Major. Taylor learned of the
incident from a Navy pilot who was one of the primary
witnesses, a lieutenant at the time, identified in the book
by the pseudonym, George Benton.13 Years later, members 
of Keyhoe’s National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) conducted an interview
with Commander ‘Benton’ to glean further details. It
was the first time he had confided his experience to
anyone other than military intelligence people and to his
friends.

The incident actually occurred in the early morning of
8.	February 1951 (Keyhoe gave the date in his book as
1956. perhaps to protect identities, perhaps by mistake).

Lieutenant Benton was piloting an R5D four-engine
transport aircraft - a Navy version of the famous
Douglas DC-4 airliner - on a flight from England to the
United States, via Iceland and Newfoundland. The
weather was excellent, the visibility good. Seated next to
Benton in the co-pilot’s seat was the plane’s commander,
Lieutenant Commander F.K. (identified as Peter Mooney
in Keyhoe’s book). Back in the cabin, asleep, were two
extra crews, one a relief crew for Benton’s men and the
other on board as passengers. The aircraft was flying at
over 200 knots ground speed at an altitude of 10,000
feet. About three and a half hours out of Iceland, the
plane, on automatic pilot, passed over a weather ship off
the coast of Greenland. The ship reported conditions
normal.14 Then it happened. Benton’s report follows:

Lt. Cmdr. F.K. and myself were on constant watch for other
aircraft. I observed a yellow glow in the distance about 30 to
35.	miles away, at about the 1 o’clock position and below the
horizon. My impression was that there was a small city ahead,
because it was the same glow you get from a group of lights on
the surface before you get close enough to pick them out
individually.

Knowing that we had passed the tip of Greenland, my first
thought was that we were behind schedule and had drifted
north, but remembering that we had passed over the weather
ship, I knew this was not the case. I called F.K.’s attention to
the glow and asked him what he thought it was. He said that it
looked like we were approaching land. I asked our navigator
to check his navigation. He did, and replied that we were on
flight plan and course.

The lights were farther away than we thought because it
took us from 8 to 10 minutes to get close enough to where the
lights had a pattern . . . about 15 or 18 miles away. At that
time, due to the circular pattern of lights, I got the impression
that possibly two ships were tied up together and that lights
were strung between them for either transferring cargo from
one to the other, or that one was in some kind of trouble. I
asked the navigator to check his ship plot. He replied that there
were no ships plotted in this area and that we were not close to
the shipping lanes anyway. The radioman also went on the air
to the weather ship, which verified that there were no ships in
the area.

Since it was time for Lt. J.’s crew to relieve us, I had the plane
captain awaken them. When Lt. J. and Lt. M. came up
forward, I pointed the lights out to them. Their only comment
was that it had to be a ship because it was on the water and we
were overtaking it fast. At this time, we were 5 to 7 miles away;
it was about 30 degrees to our right, and we had to look down
at about a 45-degree angle. The lights had a definite circular
pattern and were bright white.

Collision Course

‘Suddenly, the lights went out,’ continued Benton.
‘There appeared a yellow halo on the water. It turned to
an orange, to a fiery red, and then started movement
toward us at a fantastic speed, turning to a blueish red
around the perimeter.’
Due to its high speed, its direction of travel, and its size, it
looked as though we were going to be engulfed. I quickly
disengaged the automatic-pilot and stood by to push the nose
of the plane over, in hopes that we could pass under it due to
the angle it was ascending. The relief crew was standing behind
us; everyone began ducking, and a few heads were hit on
objects.

It stopped its movement toward us and began moving along
with us about 45 degrees off the bow to the right, about 100
feet or so below us and about 200 to 300 feet in front of us. It
was not in a level position; it was tilted about 25 degrees. It
stayed in this position for a minute or so. It appeared to be
from 200 to 300 feet in diameter, translucent or metallic,
shaped like a saucer, a purple-red fiery ring around the
perimeter and a frosted white glow around the entire object
The purple-red glow around the perimeter was the same type
of glow you get around the commutator of an auto-generator
when you observe it at night.

When the object moved away from us, it made no turns, as
though it was backing up about 170 degrees from the direction
it approached us, and was still tilted. It was only a few seconds
before it was out of sight. [Speed estimated in excess of 1,500
m.p.h.] All of our cameras were within reach, but no one was
calm enough to think about taking a picture. Most of us were
wondering what it was. Our impression was that it was a
controlled craft. It was either hovering over the water or sitting
on it, then it detected us and came up to investigate.

Military Intelligence Predilection

‘After Lt. J.’s crew had taken over,’ said Benton, ‘I
proceeded aft and learned that most of the passengers
had observed the same thing. Since I was unable to
identify the object, I asked Dr M., Commander, US
Navy, if he had observed the object. He replied that he
had and that he did not look because it was a flying
saucer and he did not believe in such things.5

I immediately returned to the cockpit and informed the crew to
keep quiet about what we had observed because it might have
been our first sighting of a saucer - during those years, when
you mentioned you had such a sighting, you were believed to
be crazy. Lt. J. informed me that it was too late because he had
called Gander airfield in Newfoundland to see if the object
could be tracked by radar.

When we landed at Argentia (Newfoundland), we were met
by intelligence officers. The types of questions they asked us
were like Henry Ford asking about the Model T. You got the
feeling that they were putting words in your mouth. It was
obvious that there had been many sightings in the same area,
and most of the observers did not let the cat out of the bag
openly. When we arrived in the United States, we had to make
a full report to Naval Intelligence. I found out a few months
later that Gander radar did track the object in excess of 1,800
mph. . .15

During a two-hour interrogation by US Air Force
intelligence officers, the pilots tried to obtain some
information about the flying discs. ‘What’s behind all
this?’ asked Lt. Cmdr. F.K. ‘Up to now, I believed the Air
Force. You people say there aren’t any flying saucers.

After a scare like that, we’ve got a right to know what’s
going on.’
‘I’m sorry,’ replied the captain in charge of the
interrogation, ‘I can’t answer any questions.’
The completed intelligence reports were flashed to
four commanders, with an information copy to the
Director of Naval Intelligence (DNI). After the aircraft
reached its final destination at Patuxent Naval Air
Station, Maryland, the crews were interviewed again, at
the request of the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI).

Five days later, Benton received a phone call from a
scientist in a government agency, asking for a meeting to
discuss the sighting in more detail. Benton agreed. The
following day the scientist turned up, showed his
credentials, and listened intently to the pilot’s report. He
then unlocked a dispatch case and took out some
photographs. ‘Was it like any of these?’ he asked. At the
third photo, Benton recognized the same type of craft he
and the other crew members had seen. That’s it,’ he
said. ‘Somebody must know the answers, if you’ve got
photographs of the things.’ Like the Air Force captain,
the scientist apologized for being unable to discuss the
matter, and left.16

This is a lucid, compelling account by a senior career
military aviator. The operational and technical intelligence 
collection methods described are squarely in line
with ordinary practices of that time and later.

Interestingly, the account describes how another aviator
became alarmed because he was unable to accept the
novelty of flying saucers - as many contemporary
aviators still do not.

SECRET US NAVY INVESTIGATIONS

According to information supplied by a navigator who
formerly flew many secret strategic reconnaissance
missions for the US Navy during the late 1940s and early
1950.s, UFOs were the subject of frequent investigations
at that time. ‘Back in those days,’ the source told
researchers William Jones and Dr Irena Scott, ‘UFOs
were considered to be a very important matter. When the
areas of the Soviet Union which were assigned to us were
clouded over, we were frequently assigned to fly to
various locations around the world to help indigenous
personnel conduct UFO investigations. Many of these
missions were to South America. There was a lot going
on there, apparently.’
These assignments were for specific investigations.

According to Jones and Scott: ‘They would fly into the
country, pick up a team of investigators and then fly
them into the region where the report or reports were to
be taken. He said he didn’t learn much about the reports
since he spoke neither Spanish nor Portuguese.’
In effect, it seemed that his team acted as ‘truck drivers’ for
groups of indigenous military personnel who did not have
access to their own aircraft. The final reports were flown back
with them to Turkey [Adana] and then sent back to the
Pentagon (apparently not to Project Blue Book) in
Washington, DC, through Oslo, Norway. When asked why
they were sent via this [unusual] route, he replied, ‘For
diplomatic purposes.’ They were classified ‘Secret’ before being
forwarded. His group did no analysis of the reports they
collected and no information about what they were used for
ever came back to them.17

AERIAL ENCOUNTER NEAR MOUNT KILIMANJARO

Another aerial encounter took place in February 1951,
when the crew and passengers aboard a Lockheed
Lodestar of East African Airways observed a ‘bullet-
shaped’ flying object near Mount Kilimanjaro,
Tanganyika. The object was first seen by the radio
operator, Dennis Merrifield, who pointed it out to
Captain Jack Bicknell. As Captain Bicknell reported:

The morning was clear and cloudless, visibility was good and
the weather perfect. I timed the Saucer for 17 minutes while the
Lodestar kept its course. Twice it rose vertically to a final
height of 40,000 feet, then it moved east towards the coast at
a terrific speed. There was a large fin-like object attached to the
rear, although it wasn’t clearly defined. There was no apparent
propelling power [and] definitely no vapour trails.

On landing, Bicknell prepared an affidavit and signed
it, together with Merrifield and the nine passengers. One
passenger, Captain H. B. Fussell, said that through his
powerful binoculars the object appeared to be bulletshaped. 
‘Its colour was whitish-silver with three vertical
black bands down the side,’ he reported. ‘For 10 minutes
it remained stationary, then it suddenly rose vertically by
5.,000	feet. Again it became stationary, and then a
minute later it rose again and moved laterally away at a
great speed . . . the object was definitely metallic.’
Another passenger, Charles Vernon, said that the object
must have been immense, ‘two or three times the size of
the largest passenger plane.’18
Investigator Waveney Girvan learned that a cine film
of the object had been taken by an American passenger,
a Mr Overstreet, who had taken his film to the
‘authorities’ in the United States. Efforts to locate
Overstreet or a copy of his film proved fruitless.19

A CONTACT NEAR CAPE TOWN
Bizarre encounters with unknown flying machines and
their occupants continued to occur in the early 1950s,
though few were reported: it was not until 1953 that
stories by ‘contactees’ began to spread into the public
domain. The following case, for example, did not come
to light until 1977, when the Spanish journalist Juan
Jose Benitez published his interview with a man who
claimed to have established contact with extraterrestrials
in South Africa in 1951.

The witness, identified only as ‘H.M.’ by Benitez, was
a British engineer who, in 1977, had been working for
twenty years as an engineer specializing in instrumentation, 
such as development and construction of
automatic pilots for aircraft. At the time of the interview,
H.M. was employed by one of Spain’s leading firms
dealing with advanced technology. It was only after a
great deal of effort that Benitez was able to persuade the
witness to talk about his experience, and even then, on
condition that his identity was not revealed.

At the time of the incident - in the early spring of 1951
-	H.M. was working for Contactor, a subsidiary of the
British Rheostat Company, and he was living with his
wife in the small town of Paarl, some 32 kilometres
outside Cape Town. One day, after their car had been
out of use for some weeks, they found that the battery
had run down, so H.M. decided to ‘jump-start’ the car
down a slope near their house and charge the battery by
taking a drive around the neighbourhood. He got into
the little car and set off in the direction of the
Drakensteen mountain, about 10 to 12 kilometres away.
‘My idea was a simple one,’ said H.M. ‘It was just to go
as far as a level area up near the top of this mountain and
then come back. The run would be more than enough to
top up the battery. And so, in fact, at about 11.15 p.m.

I arrived on this mountain. The traffic along the road at
that time of night was virtually nil. The area where I now
was lay at an altitude of about 900 feet above sea-level,
and forms a sort of small table-land running right up to
the foot of one of the great cliff faces of the mountain.
‘There was a moon that night, and I remember how
the vast shadow of the mountain fell across a large part
of the table-land, so that this area was plunged into
what, by contrast, seemed to be an accentuated
darkness.’ Then began his encounter with the unknown:

I was just about to start back for home when I saw a man
waving his arm to me. He indicated that I should pull up ... I
pulled up and asked him what was the matter. He came up to
my window and said: ‘Have you any water?’ I replied that I
hadn’t, except for what was in the radiator. The man looked
upset when I said this, and went on: ‘You see, we need water!’
I could see how keen he was to get this water, so I suggested
that I take him to a stream that crosses beneath the road a little
further down the hill. Then the man asked: ‘Is it far to this
stream?’ I replied that it wasn’t, that it was, maybe, half a
kilometre or so, and that [it] was a mountain stream. I told him
that it was very good water too, because it came straight from
the mountain above us. At that the man seemed satisfied.
‘In what language did the man speak to you?’ asked
Benitez. ‘In English,’ replied H.M. ‘But he had a rather
strange accent ... In South Africa, as you know, there
are all sorts of people apart from the English- and
Afrikaans-speaking folk; there are Americans, Germans,
Dutch, Indians, French, Malays, Chinese, and so on.

And pretty well everybody speaks English, each of them
with a different sort of accent according to his
nationality. But this man’s accent was strange. Anyway,
I invited him to get in the car. Which he did. And we set
off for the stream . . .
‘I asked him if he had any sort of receptacle to hold the
water. And he said he had not. “All right,” I said. “I’ve
got an oil-can with me which maybe will do.” My
companion’s manner was brief. “That will be all right,”
he said. So we arrived at the stream, and the two of us
set about washing out the can and filling it with water.

When the operation was completed, we returned to the
car and set off back to the place where I had met him.’
The Craft and Cosmonauts
‘I pulled up at a certain distance from the foot of the
mountain,’ continued H.M., ‘and the man pointed into
the dark area formed by its shadow. “There, please,
there!” he said, meaning that I should drive nearer to the
rock face. And, as we moved into the shadow and my
eyes got used to the darkness, I perceived that there was
a strange object there ... it was about 100 metres or so
from the road, and in the zone of shadow cast by the
mountain.’
It was quite big. Its diameter may have been between 10 and 15
metres or so. It wasn’t very high. Maybe, from the feet up to
the top it could have measured say four metres or so. In the
under part I could see an opening which was lit up and some
steps which, as I was able to ascertain shortly afterwards, led
to the interior of the machine [see Fig. 4]. I stood there,
dumbfounded.

The man invited me to enter ... I won’t deny that I felt
afraid. So I just said nothing, like someone who feels distrust.

But the man insisted, and with a friendly gesture invited me to
Fig. 4. A sketch of the craft by the British engineer ‘H.M.’.
go with him into the machine. And I stepped inside ahead of
him. Inside the object, which was completely circular, there
were other men. A total of four more, in fact. One of them was
lying stretched out. Apparently, so my companion explained to
me, they had had a slight accident, and the recumbent man had
got burnt. Then I replied that I would like to get a bit closer so
as to be able to see the wounded man. But my companion said
no, that I must not move from the spot where I was. So there I
stayed, just by the entrance ... It was a circular room. There
were square windows all around it, and under these windows
a sort of circular couch going all the way round.

The men were all shorter than I am . . . maybe 1.50 metres
or 1.60 metres. In the area where the windows were, the ceiling
was somewhat curved. In the centre of the room there were
some levers, like the ones used in railway signalling boxes.

These levers were set in a small rectangular area and were
about one metre in height. The top of these levers ended in a
sort of ‘fork’, like those on the hand-brakes in the older types
of cars ... Maybe there were eight, set in two rows. What I can
say is that each lever emerged from the inside of the machine.

I could see the rectangular slot quite clearly. And over on the
other side of the room I saw a sort of table. But it wasn’t a table
... I thought it might possibly be an instrument-panel of some
sort, but I could see no instruments on it. This is my own line
of work, so I can assure you that I took a good look at it.

Fig. 5. Sketches made by 'H.M.'

Another detail which surprised the witness was the
lighting - described as ‘very white’ - the source of which
could not be discerned. ‘I couldn’t see any lights
anywhere,’ he explained to Benitez. ‘It was just as
though the light was coming from the walls or the ceiling
or from everywhere, all at once.’ This interesting feature
correlates with descriptions given by a number of
contactees over the years.

‘And what were the crew doing?’ asked Benitez.
‘Well,’ replied H.M., ‘the man who had accompanied me
set down the can of water near where the other four
were, and then came back to where I was standing.’
The men were all dressed in a sort of beige-coloured
laboratory overall which fell to below the knees,
fastened with a belt. The rest of the clothing was not
‘abnormal’ in any way - though perhaps abnormal in its
normality! ‘They were wearing trousers and shoes,’ said
H.M. ‘I imagine that if these had been different from
ours I would have noticed it.’
‘What might have been the age of the man who talked
to you?’ asked Benitez.
‘He was a bit older than the others,’ replied H.M.,
‘maybe he might have been 40-plus.’
‘And how were their faces?’
‘I noticed nothing strange about them. Maybe their
foreheads were a bit more pronounced . . .’
‘And their hair?’
‘Not very long. And the same on all of them. It wasn’t
black hair - maybe chestnut coloured. As I said, it wasn’t
strange in any way.’
‘Were they muscular in their build?’
‘No. Rather on the slim side. Their hands reminded
me somewhat of the hands of women.’
‘Did you notice if they had beards?’
‘No. They had no beards at all. It is curious; it seemed
as though they had never had any beard.’
‘And were their movements normal?’
‘Yes, completely. As I have already said, there was
nothing about them that might have caught my attention.’
‘Were they talking to each other?’
‘I don’t think so. One thing is certain, and that is that
those four did not even turn to look at me when I entered
the craft. They seemed to be engaged in attending to the
injured man who, as I have said, was stretched out on the
circular couch running round the whole interior of the
machine. When my companion returned to where I was,
I asked him if they needed a doctor. But he said they did
not. It was he who then asked me whether there were
any matters on which I would like to ask questions and
be given information. And I said yes, naturally.’
Propulsion and Origin
‘I said that, being an instrumentation engineer, I was
puzzled to see no panels or navigation instruments,’
continued H.M. ‘I also asked him how the machine
worked.’
I asked: ‘Where are the engines?’ To which he replied: ‘We
don’t have any engines.’ So I asked: ‘Then how do you
navigate?’ and at this he pointed to the levers and said: ‘We
have a different system. We nullify gravity. That is how we
rise.’ I asked him how they overcame gravity, and he replied
that they used a very heavy fluid, which circulated in a tube.

And with this system they created a magnet. . . That is to say,
somewhat as we do with electromagnets, except that they,
instead of using electricity, were using this fluid ... So then I
thought of mercury. Meanwhile, the man continued his
explanation to me. Apparently this fluid was subjected to a
velocity similar to the velocity of light; that is to say, the
velocity of electricity. But, I answered: ‘That is impossible
inside a tube.’
‘No,’ he replied, ‘it is simple. When the fluid is leaving the
tube, it is already entering at the other .end. Thus, its relative
speed is infinite ...’ So it seems that, on the basis of this system
plus a few ‘magnets’ of a kind which clearly do not exist on our
planet, these beings had achieved enormous velocities and were
able to conquer gravity . . .

I	asked where they came from. He pointed towards the stars
and said: ‘From there.’ I even insisted on wanting to know
from which cardinal point in the sky they came, but he simply
kept repeating: ‘From there.’ And then he rapidly changed the
subject. It was obvious that he did not want to say any more
about that. So, after we had chatted for about 15 or 20
minutes, he pointed in a friendly manner towards the door and
invited me to leave - and I did. I went down out of the machine
and departed . . .

A Dream?

The witness estimated that the entire episode had lasted
for about 45 minutes. ‘And I can assure you,’ he told
Benitez, ‘that they were the strangest minutes of my
whole life.’ Apparently, he simply left the craft standing
there in the dark: there is no mention of his having
observed it take off. ‘Next day,’ he said, ‘thinking it had
all been a strange dream, I went back to the spot. And
there were some very strange marks there. And, on top
of that, there was the matter of my can, which we had to
carry the water in, and which now was missing . . . Had
it been a dream, I would have forgotten about it straight
away. But this was something very different from a
dream. And I remember it all still with absolute
perfection, and in all its details . . .’20
Absurdities and Correlations
This fascinating story may yield some important clues as
to the elusive nature of the UFO phenomenon. There is
no reason to believe that the witness fabricated the story.

The details are so striking as to be guaranteed to inspire
typical disbelief or even ridicule. What hoaxer would
have described, for example, aliens dressed in very
terrestrial-type coats and trousers, and a flying saucer
with two rows of levers ‘like those on the hand-brakes in
the older types of cars’? Even by 1951 standards, this
seems primitive. Surely an alien race sufficiently
advanced to travel from another planet would have the
wherewithal to locate and obtain such a basic requirement 
as water, without flagging down a passing-
motorist? If deception was involved, it is more likely that
the aliens were responsible. On the other hand, we
usually believe that aliens are omnipotent and
omniscient. Why should that be axiomatic?

Despite apparent absurdities, there are interesting
correlations with other cases. H.M. said, for example,
that the hands of the men reminded him ‘of the hands of
women’; that their foreheads were ‘a bit more pronounced’; 
and that ‘it seemed as though they had never
had any beard’. These descriptions - and there are others
-	closely correlate with those given by other contactees.

The corollary could be, of course, that H.M. was
familiar with the literature on the subject and had simply
incorporated some of its features into his yarn. I reject
this hypothesis because it is unlikely that any hoaxer
would incorporate so many unbelievable terrestrial
elements into the story.

Why should it be incredible that something so fundamental 
to survival as water would be needed by the
craft’s occupants? I am reminded here of the celebrated
Eagle River, Wisconsin, contactee case of 18 April 1961,
investigated by Dr J. Allen Hynek and Major Robert
Friend of Project Blue Book. The witness, Joe Simonton,
claimed that a flying saucer (see Fig. 6) hovered just
above the ground on his property and one of two
human-type occupants handed him a sort of jug and
indicated they required water. Shortly after Simonton
had obliged, he was handed some pancakes which the
aliens had been cooking on a flameless grill! Absurd, to
be sure, yet there is no evidence to suggest that Simonton
made up the story. Moreover, certain features of his
description of the aliens correlate well with some other
contact stories; for example, he reported that: ‘They
were about five feet tall and about 120 lbs and looked
... of Italian descent. Very nice-looking fellows about 25
to 30 years old. Each one was very well built in
proportion to their size. [They] had a complexion much
finer than any woman I ever saw.’21

Regarding the instruments described by H.M., there
are several accounts of exotic instrumentation, including
putatively official accounts, but these are usually
associated with operator-occupants whose morphology
is unlike that of humans. This raises an interesting point
that the contactee experiences tend to be with extraterrestrials 
whose morphology, dress and mannerisms
are closely similar to those of ordinary humans, while
the accounts of abductees usually involve aliens who,
though humanoid, are still rather ‘other-worldly’ in
physique and behaviour.


Fig. 6. A sketch of the object encountered by Joe Simonton.
(FSR Publications)



THE THREE GIANTS

The witness in the following case, identified as ‘Rose C.’,
was 24 years old at the time of her initial encounter,
which occurred on 11 April 1952, near the French town
of Nimes (Gard). Living with her father at the time in
one of his small outhouses, Rose was awoken in the
middle of the night by the growling of their dogs.

Concerned, she went outside.

Rose found herself in the presence of four strangers:
three very tall men of about 2.30 to 2.40 metres in height
and one normal-sized man. The normal man, speaking
in perfect French and acting as translator between Rose
and the three ‘giants’, began by explaining that they had
come from a faraway world. Apart from their extraordinary 
height, the giants could have passed for
Hindus, claimed Rose. Two looked very athletic while
the third, who acted as ‘leader’, seemed to be rather
older. This man had what looked like a ‘black halfmarble’ 
in the centre of his forehead, and around his
neck he wore a strap holding a kind of box with buttons.

Rose was shown their craft, which was hovering about a
metre off the ground. It was enormous, slate-grey and
shaped like a straw hat. She declined an invitation to go
with them, explaining that she had an elderly father and
a young daughter to look after.

The normal man, a former teacher, said that he
himself had been contacted by these beings 20 years
earlier (1932), at the age of 25, and, having no ties, had
accepted an invitation to live with them. When Rose
commented on his youthful appearance, he replied that
‘up there time passes much less quickly’. After
explaining to Rose that she had nothing to fear, he went
on to ask if they could take some books away with them!

Obligingly, Rose took the visitors to her father’s other
outhouse and gave them a copy of Alexandre Dumas’
The Count of Monte Cristo and some old magazines.

While in the outhouse, the leader gave Rose a demonstration 
of their ability to levitate and teleport objects.

Using the buttons on the small box, he dematerialized a
rock, which then reappeared outside without the door
having been opened. Furthermore, large rocks, lying at
some distance away from the outhouse, were made to
float in the air like balloons. It was not just the technological 
tricks that impressed Rose. The leader also
evinced telepathic ability, connected perhaps, she
wondered, with the device on his forehead. He seemed
also to emanate great wisdom.

The teacher explained to Rose that the extraterrestrials 
had ‘established’ Earth for the use of its
human inhabitants: this had been rather like a ‘penal
colony’, consisting of banished individuals, from whom
humans are descended. He went on to say that 11,357
years ago (9405 bc), because of Man, there had been a
cataclysm on Earth. (Many other contactees have been
told that Earthmen destroyed their civilization
thousands of years ago.)

As to the purpose of their current visits, it was
explained that the extraterrestrials were here to take
vegetation and soil samples to evaluate the consequences
of our atomic explosions. The destructive, senseless
behaviour of humans, and disregard not only for our
contemporaries but also for future generations on this
beautiful planet, was commented on. Asked by Rose
why the extraterrestrials did not intervene, the teacher
replied that no good had ever come out of such attempts
in the past.

The visitors then told Rose that they had to go, owing
to the fact that time spent on Earth exhausted the giants.

Having warned Rose to stay clear of the craft and to
hold the dogs, they boarded their craft and it took off,
making a droning sound and creating a strong draught
of warm wind.22 23

There is a great deal more to this fascinating story,
which was investigated by Charles Gourain and published 
in France. Gourain was impressed by Rose’s
sincerity, as was Guy Tarade, who wrote the preface to
the book. ‘I have known Rose for several years, and I
don’t hesitate to say that hers is a unique case,’ he states,
adding that, in his opinion, extraterrestrial encounters
never seem to be accidental but are always predetermined. 
‘It is,’ he says, ‘a genetic inheritance which
motivates the encounters between the extraterrestrials
and us . . .’24


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Giudici, Antonio, ‘The Case of Bruno Facchini’, translated
by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 20, no. 6,
November-December 1974, pp. 30-1.
2.	‘Examination of Some Metallic Fragments Attributed to a
Flying Saucer’, Report No. I.S.M.L. N.530954/4157,
Istituto Sperimentale dei Metalli Leggeri, Novara, 30
September 1953.
3.	Giudici, op. cit., p. 31.
4.	Bernardini, Ezio, ‘A Classic Case from 1950’, translated by
Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 32, no. 4,
published June 1987, pp. 12-13.
5.	Ibid.
6.	Stringfield, Leonard H., Situation Red, The UFO Siege!,
Doubleday, Garden City, New York, 1977, pp. 80-3.
7.	Lorenzen, Coral E., The Great Flying Saucer Hoax: The
UFO Facts and Their Interpretation, William-Frederick,
New York, 1962, pp. 54-6. As Lorenzen reports, Dr
Botta’s story first appeared in the Caracas daily newspaper
El. Universal on 7 May 1955, which led Horacio Gonzales
to interview the witness in depth.
8.	Stringfield, op. cit., pp. 83-4.
9.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, p.
511.
10.	Sanchez-Ocejo, Dr Virgilio, and Stevens, Lt-Col. Wendelle
C., UFO Contact from Undersea, UFO Photo Archives,
3224. S. Winona Circle, Tucson, Arizona 85730, 1982, pp.
165.-6.
11.	Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day
After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London,
1997., p. 54.
12.	Guieu, Jimmy, Les Soucoupes Volantes viennent d’un autre
Monde, Fleuve Noir, Paris, 1954, pp. 230-3. Translated by
Lex Mebane and included in an article by Ted Bloecher,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 20, no.3, December 1974, pp.
26.-7.
13.	Keyhoe, Maj. Donald E., Flying Saucers: Top Secret, G.P.
Putnam’s Sons, New York, 1960, pp. 15-20.
14.	UFO Investigator, National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena, September 1970, p. 3.
15.	Ibid., October 1970, p. 3.
16.	Keyhoe, op. cit., pp. 19-20.
17.	Jones, William E., and Scott, Dr Irena, ‘US Navy Support
of UFO Research’, Mid-Ohio Research Associates
(MORA), 5837 Karric Square Drive, Box 162, Dublin,
Ohio 43017.
18.	Sunday Dispatch, London, 25 February 1951.
19.	Girvan, Waveney, Flying Saucers and Common Sense, The
Citadel Press, New York, 1956, pp. 80-1.
20.	Benitez, Juan Jose, ‘The Ufonaut’s Plea for Water’,
translated from the Spanish by Gordon Creighton, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 24, no.2, March-April 1977, pp. 3-6.
21.	Clark, Jerome C., The UFO Encyclopedia, vol. 3,
Omnigraphics, Penebscot Building, Detroit, Michigan
48226.,1996, pp. 168-77.
22.	Mesnard, Joel, ‘The French Abduction File’, translated by
Claudia Yapp, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 309, January
1994., pp. 5-7.
23.	C., Rose, Rencontre avec les Extraterrestres, Editions du
Rocher, 1979.
24.	Ibid.

=========================================================
Chapter 6. THE SPACE PEOPLE


Nothing is more certain to provoke derision during a
conversation about UFOs than the name of George
Adamski, whose initial story of his contact with an
extraterrestrial in 1952 was the first contactee case to
become known to the general public. This fact alone is
important. As we have seen, there have been a number
of stories by others claiming contacts prior to 1952 but,
as far as I am aware, none of these was published widely
until the mid-1950s.

Adamski’s ‘Aryan’ space people have never gone
down well. Indeed, in some circles they inspired rumours
that Hitler was alive and well and living in Patagonia,
together with teams of Nazis who were building fleets of
flying saucers in preparation for world domination.

Adamski’s space people were not all fair-skinned,
however. As he pointed out during a private meeting in
Denmark in 1963: ‘People on other planets are coloured
too, just like we find here. Orthon himself is dark: not as
dark as a Negro, but darker than you and me.’1 This
brings to mind the ‘Hindu-looking’ spacemen reported
by Rose C. and other contactees.

BACKGROUND
George Adamski was born in Poland (of Polish and
Egyptian parents) in 1891, and when he was two his
parents emigrated to Dunkirk, New York State. In 1913
he joined the 13th US Cavalry Regiment, stationed at
Columbus, New Mexico. According to his FBI file, he
worked in 1916 as a caretaker and painter at the
Yellowstone National Park, then in 1918 entered the
National Guard and was stationed at Portland, Oregon.

Following discharge from the Army, his various jobs
included working at a flour mill and in the concrete
business. In 1921 he began lecturing on philosophy in
California.2 Adamski founded the monastery of the
‘Royal Order of Tibet’ at Laguna Beach in 1934, where
he taught ‘Universal Laws’ and ‘Universal Progressive
Christianity’. (Though some of Adamski’s philosophy is
eclectic, much seems to be original.) A number of his
talks were broadcast on radio stations in Los Angeles
and Long Beach. At this time, Adamski’s students conferred 
on him the title of ‘Professor’. In 1940 he moved
with his wife and some devotees to Palomar Gardens, on
the southern slopes of Mount Palomar, California. One
of his students gave him a telescope - a six-inch Tinsley
reflector - through which he took many remarkable
photographs of spacecraft.3

Adamski also possessed a 15-inch reflector telescope,
which was housed under a dome at Palomar Gardens.

This gave rise to considerable confusion at times, since
the famous Palomar Observatory at Mount Palomar -
housing the 200-inch Hale telescope - was situated 11
miles from Adamski’s home. It is said by some detractors
that, to give credence to his claims, ‘Professor’ Adamski
used to boast that he was employed by the Observatory.

It is true that during a meeting with researchers Jim and
Coral Lorenzen in the spring of 1951, he claimed full
access to the Observatory’s telescopes. ‘A letter I wrote
to the Director of the Palomar Observatory elicited an
answer which was most revealing,’ wrote Coral
Lorenzen. ‘Adamski’s claims of free access to the
Palomar telescopes and his inferred relationship with the
Observatory personnel had caused them considerable
embarrassment and the added burden of answering
correspondence to deny his claims.’4

Adamski was the subject of a number of investigations 
by the FBI, partly as a consequence of allegedly
unpatriotic and pro-Communist statements that were
reported by various people and also because Adamski
himself instigated meetings with the FBI to keep them
informed about his experiences; on one occasion,
ironically, to inform on a couple of his associates whom
he considered might be unpatriotic! Regarding
Adamski’s alleged claims of having been employed at
the Observatory, one FBI document (see Fig. 7) is
damning. It states in part:

[name deleted] at the Palomar Observatory, advised that he
had been acquainted with Adamski since 1943, at which time
Adamski had called himself ‘the Reverend Adamski’ and had
held Easter services in the valley . . . [name deleted] further
advised that Adamski claimed to have worked at the
Observatory at Mount Palomar, but stated that Adamski had
never been employed at the Observatory.5

In his first book, published in 1953, Adamski
(presumably aware of the official denial) did state: ‘To
correct a widespread error let me say here, I am not and
have never been associated with the staff of the
Observatory. I am friendly with some of the staff
members, but I do not work at the Observatory.’6

Adamski has been referred to by his numerous
detractors as a mere ‘hamburger seller’. This is true, to
the extent that he did indeed help serve at the Palomar
Gardens Cafe, which was owned by one of his devotees,
Alice Wells, though an FBI file mistakenly names him as
owner and operator of the cafe.7

ENCOUNTER AT DESERT CENTER

In Chapter 1, I cited Adamski’s detailed description of
‘Orthon’, who he claims stepped out of a flying saucer in
the Californian desert, 10 miles from Desert Center, at
12.30 on 20 November 1952. Although the basic story
is well known, most readers will be unfamiliar with the
details, as published in Flying Saucers Have Landed, the
bestselling book by Desmond Leslie and Adamski, which
has long been out of print.

The contact was partly observed from a distance by
six friends of Adamski, all of whom signed affidavits
testifying to this event. Adamski, who had already
succeeded in taking some remarkable photographs
through his telescope of what he called ‘scoutcraft’ and
‘mother ships’, had made a number of unsuccessful trips
to the Californian desert in 1952, in hope of making
contact with the extraterrestrials. On 20 November, he
arranged for Alice Wells and Lucy McGinnis to drive
him to a certain destination, which turned out to be the
contact site near Desert Center. Accompanying them, in
a separate car, were Alfred and Betty Bailey and George
and Betty Hunt Williamson. They arrived at their
destination shortly after 08.00, but it was not until after
12.	noon that the adventure began. At this time, a twin-
engined aircraft passed low overhead then disappeared
in the distance. ‘Suddenly and simultaneously we all
turned as one,’ related Adamski, ‘looking again toward
the closest mountain ridge where just a few minutes
before the first plane had crossed.’ And there it was:

Riding high, and without sound, there was a gigantic cigarshaped 
silvery ship, without wings or appendages of any kind.

Slowly, almost as if it was drifting, it came in our direction,
then seemed to stop, hovering motionless ... At first glance it
looked like a fuselage of a very large ship with the sun’s rays
reflecting brightly from its unpainted side, at an altitude and
angle where wings might not be noticeable.

Excitedly, binoculars were passed round and attempts
were made to photograph the craft. Adamski considered
unpacking his telescope (to which was attached a
camera) from the car, but thought better of the idea,
since his hunch was that this was not the place where
contact would take place.8

On the twenty-seventh anniversary of this event, in
1979., I interviewed Lucy McGinnis, Adamski’s former
secretary, whom I found to be honest and objective.
‘Here came this great big ship that looked like a dirigible,’
she confirmed. ‘And George said, “Quick, get me up
there! I want to go and set the telescope up.” So I drove
him [and A1 Bailey] up to where he said we should go.’
I kept looking out of the car. And that ship turned and just
followed us. And he said, ‘Here. Stop!’ So I stopped, and he got
out, and that dirigible stopped - quite a ways away. I couldn’t
very well judge how far away it was. And he set up the
telescope. And after he got everything set up, he said, ‘Now
you go back.’9

Adamski remained by himself at this new site (which I
have visited), observed by the others from an estimated
distance of between half a mile and a mile away. As the
car left, the large cigar-shaped object turned its nose and
was lost from sight, ‘but not before a number of our
planes roared overhead in an apparent effort to circle
this gigantic stranger,’ reported Adamski. Five minutes
later, another craft appeared:

. . . my attention was attracted by a flash in the sky and almost
instantly a beautiful small craft appeared to be drifting through
a saddle between two of the mountain peaks and settling
silently into one of the coves about a half a mile from me. It did
not lower itself entirely below the crest of the mountain. Only
the lower portion settled below the crest, while the upper, or
dome section, remained above the crest and in full sight of the
rest of my party who were back there watching. Yet it was in
such a position that I could see the entire ship.10

Meanwhile, the others strained to see the craft. ‘It
seemed to me like it was a kind of light,’ Lucy told me,
‘but it was so dim and the sun so bright that I couldn’t
be sure. Anyway, I saw it come down ... I looked
through the binoculars, but they weren’t adjusted to my
eyes and I couldn’t tell for sure. I could see better
without them, because I have very good eyes, and it
wasn’t such a long distance away. Out there in the desert
you can see a long way.’11
Without taking adequate time to focus through the
ground glass on the back of the old German plate-
camera which was attached to his telescope, Adamski
began to take several photographic plates. Regrettably,
these did not come out well, though some additional
shots he took with a hand-held Brownie box-camera
came out better, if rather indistinct owing to the distance
of the object. As the small craft moved away and disappeared, 
two military aircraft roared overhead.

The Spaceman

A short while later, Adamski noticed a man standing at
the entrance to a ravine between two hills, about a
quarter of a mile away. ‘He was motioning to me to
come to him,’ he said, ‘and I wondered who he was and
where he had come from. I was sure he had not been
there before.’
As I approached him a strange feeling came over me and I
became cautious. At the same time I looked round to reassure
myself that we were both in full sight of my companions.

Outwardly there was no reason for this feeling, for the man
looked like any other man, and I could see he was somewhat
smaller than I and considerably younger. There were only two
outstanding differences that I noticed as I neared him: 1. His
trousers were not like mine. They were in style much like ski-
trousers and with a passing thought I wondered why he wore
such out here on the desert. 2. His hair was long, reaching to
his shoulders . . . But this was not too strange for I have seen a
number of men who wore their hair almost that long.

Suddenly, the feeling of caution left Adamski as the
truth began to dawn on him. ‘By this time we were quite
close,’ he continued. ‘He took four steps toward me,
bringing us within arm’s length of each other. Now, for
the first time, I fully realized that I was in the presence of
a man from space - a human being from another world!

I had not seen his ship as I was walking toward him, nor
did I look around for it now ... I was so stunned by this
sudden realization that I was speechless.’
The beauty of his form surpassed anything I had ever seen. And
the pleasantness of his face freed me of all thought of my
personal self. I felt like a little child in the presence of one with
great wisdom and much love ... He extended his hand in a
gesture toward shaking hands. I responded in our customary
manner. But he rejected this with a smile and a slight shake of
his head. Instead of grasping hands as we on Earth do, he
placed the palm of his against the palm of my hand, just
touching it but not too firmly.

A full description of the spaceman appears in Chapter
1.,	but a repetition here of salient details will not go
amiss. Orthon was about five feet six inches in height,
appearing to be about 28 years old, with an extremely
high forehead, grey-green eyes slightly aslant at the
corners, slightly high cheek bones, with a rather tanned
complexion and no signs of any facial stubble. He wore
a chocolate-brown seamless one-piece garment of a very
fine woven material which had a sheen to it, with no
signs of fasteners.

Orthon’s shoes were described by Adamski as high,
‘like a man’s Oxford’, fitting closely around the foot,
with the opening on the outer side about halfway back
on the heel, between the arch and the back of the heel.

They seemed to be fastened with two narrow straps,
without buckles or fasteners. The heels were slightly
lower than normal, and the toe of the shoe was blunt.12

It was the soles of the shoes which were of great
significance, for these left hieroglyph-type impressions in
the desert sand, plaster casts of which were later made.

Communications

After Adamski’s various attempts at communication in
English, sign language and telepathy, it was learned that
the visitor supposedly came from the planet Venus.

Orthon even pronounced this word (and occasionally
others) in English, with a slightly high-pitched voice. (At
a later meeting, he explained that he understood the
language well, but was probing Adamski’s telepathic
abilities.)

In response to Adamski’s question about the purpose
of the extraterrestrials’ visit, Orthon indicated by means
of gestures and expressions that they were concerned
about radiation going out into space from our nuclear
bombs.

Questioned about his craft, Orthon indicated that it
had been brought into the Earth’s atmosphere by the
large carrier ship seen earlier by all the witnesses.

Communication followed at some length about these
craft and other matters. Orthon made Adamski understand 
that there were people coming to Earth from other
planets in our solar system, as well as from planets of
other systems. ‘I remembered reports of men being found
dead in some saucers that have been found on Earth,’ said
Adamski, ‘saucers that had apparently crashed. So I asked
if any of their men had ever died coming to Earth. He
nodded his head in the affirmative, and made me
understand that things had on occasion gone wrong
within their ships . . .’

Picking up his Brownie camera, Adamski asked if he
could take a photograph of Orthon. ‘I am sure that he
understood my desire, since he was so good at reading
my mind. Also I am positive that he knew I would do
him no harm because he showed no signs of fear when I
picked up the Kodak. Nevertheless, he did object to
having his picture taken.’ He added:

I have heard many times that men from other worlds are
walking the streets of Earth. And if this be true, I could easily
understand his desire not to be photographed, because there
were a few distinguishing points about his facial features.

Normally these would not be noticed. But in a photograph they
would be conspicuous and serve as points of identification for
his brothers who have come to Earth.13

Eventually, however, Adamski was able to obtain a
photograph of Orthon, presumably on another
occasion. During a conversation with Adamski in 1959,
his co-worker Lou Zinsstag asked him about a painting
of Orthon which depicted the spaceman as rather
effeminate and undistinguished. ‘You’ve got a good
hunch there,’ replied Adamski. ‘Orthon did not look like
that at all. He had a very manly, highly intellectual face,
but as his features were so distinct and characteristic it
would have been dangerous for him to have had them
published. He was in Los Angeles several times . . .’
‘And to my great surprise,’ reported Lou, ‘George
drew a little wallet from his pocket, and for a few
moments I was allowed to gaze at a photograph of
Orthon’s face in profile. It was indeed very different
from the painted version.’14 Lou told me that Orthon’s
most striking feature was his pronounced chin, a feature
also reported, for instance, by the Spanish abductee Julio
Fernandez in 1978.15

Adamski continued communicating with Orthon. One
of his many questions dealt with death.

I wanted to know if they die, as Earth men die . . . He pointed
to his body and nodded in the affirmative - that bodies do die.

But pointing to his head, which I assumed to mean his mind, or
intelligence, he shook his head in negation; this does not die.

And with a motion of his hand, he gave me the impression that
this - the intelligence - goes on evolving. Then pointing to
himself, he indicated that once he lived here on Earth, then
pointing up into space, [that] now he is living out there . . .

Finally, Orthon kept pointing to his feet and talking in
a language that was incomprehensible. ‘It sounded like a
mixture of Chinese with a tongue that I felt could have
sounded like one of the ancient languages spoken here
on Earth,’ commented Adamski. ‘I have no way of
knowing this as fact. It was only my reaction as I
listened, and his voice was indeed musical to listen to.’
From his talk and his pointing to his feet, I felt there must be
something very important there for me. And as he stepped to
one side from the spot where he had been standing, I noticed
strange markings from the print of his shoe left in the earth. He
looked intently at me to see that I was understanding what he
wanted me to do. And as I indicated that I did, and would
comply, he stepped carefully on to another and another spot.

Thus he made three sets of deep and distinct footprints. I
believe his shoes must have been especially made for this trip
and the markings heavily embossed on the soles to leave such
deep imprints.16

The Scoutcraft

Orthon then motioned for Adamski to follow him, and
they both walked towards the waiting craft. ‘It was a
beautiful small craft,’ said Adamski, ‘shaped more like a
heavy glass bell than a saucer. Yet I could not see
through it [though] it was translucent and of exquisite
colour.’

However, that no mistake may be given here, let me say that I
definitely do not believe this ship was made of glass such as we
know it. It was a specially processed metal ... I believe they
know how to bring their primary elements from the opaque
stage to a translucent stage, yet practically indestructible in
hardness, as is the diamond. And it was of such a material that
this space craft was made .. . Also it is this translucent quality,
along with the power they use, that makes them appear as
different coloured lights without definite form.

The ship was hovering above the ground, about a foot or
two at the far side from me, and very near to the bank of the
hill. But the slope of the hill was such that the front, or that
part of it closest to me, was a good six feet above the earth. The
three-ball landing gear was half lowered below the edge of the
flange that covered them, and I had a feeling this was a
precautionary act just in case they had definitely to land. Some
of the gusts of wind were pretty strong and caused the ship to
wobble at times. When this took place, the sun reflecting on the
surface of the ship caused beautiful prismatic rays of light to
reflect out from it, as from a smoky diamond . . .

Nearing the ship, I noticed a round ball at the very top that
looked like a heavy lens of some kind. And it glowed . . . The
top of the craft was dome shaped, with a ring of gears or heavy
coil built into and encircling the side wall at the base of this
domed top. This, too, glowed as though power was going
through it. There were round portholes in the side wall, but not
all the way round, because immediately above one of the balls
of landing gear I noticed that the wall was solid. Whether this
was true over the other two balls I cannot say because I did not
walk around the ship. The covered portholes must have been
made of a different quality or thickness of material for they
were clear and transparent. And once, for a fleeting second, I
saw a beautiful face appear and look out. I felt that whoever
was inside was looking for the one who was still out with me,
but no word was spoken . . .

The lower outside portion of the saucer was made like a
flange, very shiny yet not smooth as a single piece of metal
would appear. It seemed to have layers of a fashion, but they
couldn’t be used as steps because they were in reverse to what
steps should be . . .

My space-man companion warned me not to get too close to
[the craft] and he himself stopped a good foot away from it.

But I must have stepped just a little closer than he, for as I
turned to speak to him, my right shoulder came slightly under
the outer edge of the flange and instantly my arm was jerked
up, and almost at the same instant thrown back down against
my body. The force was so strong that, although I could still
move the arm, I had no feeling in it as I stepped clear of the
ship.

My companion was quite distressed about this accident. . .

However, he did assure me that in time it would be all right.

Three months later, his words have been proved true for feeling
has returned and only an occasional shooting pain as of a
deeply-bruised bone returns to remind me of the incident.

At the time, Adamski was more concerned about
damage to the exposed negative plates still in his jacket
pocket, on the side where he had been closest to the craft.

As Adamski moved these to his other pocket, Orthon
indicated that he would like one of the plates. ‘This he
placed in the front of his blouse,’ said Adamski, ‘but I still
didn’t see any opening or pocket of any kind. As he did
this, he made me understand that he would return the
holder to me, but I did not understand how, when, or
where.’

A request by Adamski to take a ride in the ship was
politely turned down. Then Orthon entered the craft.

With a few graceful steps he reached the bank at the back of
the ship and stepped up on to the flange. At least that is the way
it looked to me. Where the entrance was, or how he went into
the ship, I do not know for sure, but as it silently rose and
moved away, it turned a little and I saw a small opening about
the centre of the flange being closed by what looked like a
sliding door. Also I heard the two occupants talking together,
and their voices were as music, but their words I could not
understand.

As the ship started moving, I noticed two rings under the
flange and a third around the centre disk. This inner ring and
the outer one appeared to be revolving clockwise, while the
ring between these two moved in a counter clockwise
motion.17

The Sequel

After the craft had disappeared, Adamski returned to the
footprints. ‘As I was walking back to them,’ he reported,
‘I noticed that both his footprints and mine were visible
as we had walked toward the hovering ship. But his were
deeper in every instance than mine.’ Adamski waved his
hat to the others in a prearranged signal, and they came
to meet him at a nearby roadside, leaving the cars there
because of the rough terrain leading to the contact site.

The entire encounter had lasted for one hour. And all the
while, military aircraft circled overhead - also for some
time afterwards.

George Hunt Williamson set about making plaster
casts of the footprints. There was much excitement, and
everyone wanted to ask questions at once. Adamski was
beside himself - literally. ‘I felt as though I was only
moving bodily here on Earth,’ he said, ‘and my answers
to the questions were given in a daze.’18
Lucy McGinnis’s affidavit, identical to those of the
others, reads as follows:

I,	the undersigned, do solemnly state that I have read the
account herein of the personal contact between George
Adamski and a man from another world, brought here in his
Flying Saucer - ‘Scout’ ship. And that I was party to, and
witness to the event as herein recounted.19

I asked Lucy how much she had been able to see. ‘You
couldn’t see very much detail that far away,’ she
explained, ‘they were far away enough to look like
fenceposts! But they stood talking to each other, and we
saw them turn and go back up to the ship. Now, I didn’t
see [Orthon] get into the ship.’
And when it left, it was just like a bubble or kind of like a
bright light that lifted up. Then George went out on to the
highway and he motioned for us to come out. He told us that
he had got too close and his arm had got caught in the
radiation from the craft. And he suffered from that for quite
a while ... You could see where the two of them had walked
on the ground. There’s no question about that at all.20

Objections have been voiced concerning the fact that
Adamski seemed rather too well prepared for the Desert
Center contact (e.g., the plaster of Paris). A clue has been
provided by Sergeant Jerrold Baker, a former Air Force
instructor who had been staying at Palomar Gardens at
that time. Several days before the party left for the
desert, Baker claims he inadvertently heard a tape
recording being replayed of a ‘psychic communication’
received through Adamski. ‘From this brief behind-the-
scenes listening,’ he said, ‘I was able to determine that
the desert contact was not a mere stab in the dark or a
picnic in the desert, but a planned operation.’ Furthermore, 
Baker refuted Adamski’s claim to have spent
untold hours watching the skies and waiting for a chance
to photograph the space ships. ‘This is not true,’ he
continued- ‘I know that he knows exactly when a ship is
coming, and is there at the precise instant to snap the
picture.’21

Adamski was convinced that the symbols on the
footprints (see plates) held important clues for mankind.

He proffered that ancient civilizations once lived on
Earth, whose development and understanding of the
universe were far superior to those of contemporary
mankind. The symbols, he said, were probably of a
universal nature and might be understood perhaps as
‘guideposts in space, presently being used by men of
other worlds in interplanetary travel. And thus a helpful
hand is extended to Earthmen as they turn their thoughts
and efforts outwardly toward space travelling.’22 Similar
symbols were reproduced and discussed by Professor
Marcel Hornet in his book Sons of the Sun, first
published in 1958. Hornet held that the symbols dated
back at least 10,000 and probably 20,000 years.23

THE RETURN VISIT

Because of Orthon’s promise to return the photographic
plate, Adamski kept himself in a state of constant
alertness. With the plate camera attached, he set up his
telescope at a spot on the Palomar Gardens property
giving an unobstructed view of the far distance,
including a long expanse of the Pacific Ocean shoreline.

On the morning of 13 December 1952 he was alerted
by the roar of jets overhead. In the distance he saw a
flash, and remarked to others with him at that time that
it might be the spacecraft. Then, at 09.00, he saw
another flash in the sky, and tried to aim his telescope at
it. ‘Sure enough,’ he reported, ‘I was able to observe it
gliding noiselessly in my direction - an iridescent glasslike 
craft flashing its brilliant colours in the morning
sun . . .’
As it came over the nearby valley, it seemed to stop and hover
motionlessly. With utmost will power I restrained my
excitement in an effort to get a really good picture this time.

Quickly I took two shots. Then realizing that the ship being
that near was too large to get the whole thing in the picture
with the camera in that position, I turned the camera on the
eyepiece and took another shot while it was still hovering. I
shot the fourth picture just as the ship was beginning to move
again . . . the first three of these pictures proved to show good
detail, while the fourth - taken in motion - turned out fuzzy,
but is still good.

While changing the position of the camera on the
eyepiece, Adamski made some quick calculations of the
craft’s dimensions, comparing it with known distances.

Instead of being 20 feet in diameter, as he had guessed
three weeks earlier, he estimated that it was probably
about 35 to 36 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet in
height.

As it approached probably within 100 feet of me, and to one
side, one of the portholes was opened slightly, a hand was
extended and the selfsame holder which my space-man friend
had carried away with him on November 20 was dropped to
the ground. As the holder was released, the hand appeared to
wave slightly just before the craft passed beyond me. I watched
the holder drop and strike a rock as it hit the ground.

Adamski picked up the holder, dented from its impact
with the rock, and wrapped it in his handkerchief so as
not to damage any potentially important evidence, such
as fingerprints. Meanwhile, the craft crossed a small
ravine on the Palomar Gardens property as it moved
towards the base of the mountains to the north. Then
dropping below the level of the treetops, it flew close to
a cabin where it was allegedly seen by some other
witnesses and photographed by one.24

The photograph, supposedly taken with a Brownie
box-camera by Jerrold Baker, who had been staying on
the property since the end of October, was (along with
Adamski’s photos) the subject of much controversy. The
saucer certainly looks blurred (see plates), but given the
slow shutter speed of the Brownie, even slight movement
of the craft would have led to this result. Baker signed a
statement testifying to the event, which, in part, states:

Suddenly in the corner of my eyes, I saw a circular object skim
over the treetops from the general area where the Professor was
located ... I waited momentarily, mostly because of shock I
guess, as it continued coming closer. It then hung in the air not
over 12 feet high at the most, and about 25 feet from where I
was standing. It seemed as if it did this knowing I was there
waiting to photograph it. I quickly snapped a picture and as I
did it tilted slightly and zoomed upwards over the tree faster
than anyone can almost imagine . . .

These things I know for certain: 1. The saucer made no
sound. 2. It was guided by a superior intelligence. 3. There was
a slight odor present as the saucer sped upwards. 4. It had
portholes and three huge ball-bearings, presumably landing
gears.25

According to a later affidavit, Baker denied having
taken the picture. ‘I did not take the alleged photograph
accredited to me,’ he wrote. ‘The alleged photograph
was taken with the Brownie camera along with three or
four similar photos by Mr George Adamski on the
morning of Dec. 12th 1952, and not on Dec. 13th,
1952.26

And in a letter to investigator James Moseley, Baker
elaborated:

It was my suggestion that [Adamski] be located at one spot
with his telescope and camera while I or any other individual
be located at another spot on the property with a different type
of camera ... Much to my amazement, within a week after this
suggestion, George Adamski early one morning disclosed the
fact that he had taken pictures with the Brownie camera,
adjacent to his cabin.

Baker went on to give the names of two other people
who he claimed could verify these matters.27 While it is
known that Baker later turned against Adamski, due in
part to the latter’s displeasure at Baker’s behaviour while
staying at Palomar Gardens (including plans for
operating a gadget to ‘draw down flying saucers and
airplanes’, which matter was reported to the FBI),28 it is
possible that Adamski may have twisted the evidence.

Perhaps he took the Brownie photo and then asked
Baker to take the credit for it, to bolster the evidence.

However, Lucy McGinnis, who was there at the time,
disagreed vehemently. ‘That whole thing was Baker’s
doing,’ she told me. ‘He was raring to do anything to
prove the point. He didn’t deny it before me, that I
remember.’29

On the same day the photographs were taken,
Adamski took the photographic plates, with the
exception of the one returned by Orthon, for developing
and printing by a Mr D.J. Detwiler in Carlsbad, 40 miles
away. All of the pictures turned out perfectly. Uncertain
for a while as to who should develop the plate returned
by Orthon, Adamski finally decided to take it to his local
photographer. ‘When the finishing was done, and with
witnesses present, and a print was made,’ wrote
Adamski, ‘there were indications of the original photo -
which I had taken before the space visitor took the
holder - being washed off; and this was replaced by a
strange photograph and a symbolic message, which to
this day has not been fully deciphered. Several scientists
are working on it [and are] still working on deciphering
the markings of the footprints.’ He decided against
having any fingerprints taken.

At Adamski’s request, representatives of two government 
agencies (the FBI and the Air Force’s Office of
Special Investigations, OSI) came to visit him at Palomar
Gardens. ‘These men listened intently to my detailed
description of all that had taken place,’ he reported, ‘but
they registered no surprise. Nor did they express any
doubt regarding the truthfulness of my statements. They
did not even question me . . . They did take a couple of
my photographs of the craft, as well as a print from the
dropped negative, which I gave to them.’30 The FBI
memorandum pertaining to this meeting, sent to the
Director, J. Edgar Hoover (Fig. 7), confirms that
Adamski did indeed give the investigators a detailed
description of the Desert Center encounter (and much
else as well). Some extracts follow:

Adamski stated that he took a picture of the space ship and the
space man, but the space man could evidently read his thoughts
inasmuch as he motioned to him not to take the picture and
when the space man left he took the ‘plate’ with the negative
on it with him . . .

This differs from Adamski’s probably more accurate
version of events, as published in Flying Saucers Have
Landed, wherein he stated that he did not actually take
a photo of Orthon. The FBI memorandum continues:

Adamski advised that on December 13, 1952, the space ship
returned to the Palomar Gardens and came low enough to drop
the plate which the space man had taken from him ... and had
then gone over the hill... Adamski stated that as the space ship
was leaving, [Jerrold Baker] also took a picture of the ship . . .

Adamski furnished the writer with copies of the space writing
and photographs of the space ship.

As to Adamski’s assertion that the agents expressed no
doubts concerning the truthfulness of his statements,
there is no such confirmation by either the FBI or the
OSI. On the contrary. ‘No further investigation is being
conducted,’ concludes the memo. ‘This case is being [sic]
considered closed.’31 Another FBI memo states that: ‘OSI
of the Air Force has done considerable investigation . . .
and lends no credence to the truthfulness of Adamski’s
statements.’32


Fig. 7. Excerpts from an FBI office memorandum to J. Edgar Hoover
regarding some of George Adamski’s claims, dated 28 January 1953.
(FBI)

ADAMSKI further advised that on November 20,
1952., on the California Desert, at a point ten and two-tenths
miles from Desert Center on the road to Parker and Needles,
Arizona, that he had made contact with a space craft and had
talked to a space man. ADAMSKI stated that he, [DELETED]
and his wife MARY had been out
and the persons with him had seen the
craft come down to the earth. ADAMSKI stated that a email
stairway in the bottom of the craft, which appeared to be a
round disc, opened and a space man came down the steps.

ADAMSKI stated he believed there were other space men in the
ship because the ship appeared translucent and could see the
SD 100-8382
shadows of the space mer). ADAMSKI. described the space man
as being over 5' in height, having long hair like a woman's
and garbed in a suit similar to the space suits or web suits
worn by the U. S. Air Force Men. ADAMSKI stated that he
and the space man conversed by signs arid that there appeared 
to be a certain area around the space ship which consisted 
of magnetic or electric lines of force, inasmuch as when
he got too close, some of the lines went through his arm
and momentarily paralyzed his arm. ADAMSKI stated that he
took a picture of the space ship and the space man, but the
space man could evidently read his thoughts inasmuch as he
motioned to	him not to take the picture	and	when	the	space
man left he	took the "plate” with the negative	on	it	with
him.

ADAMSKI further advised that he had obtained
plaster casts of the footprints of the space man and stated 
that the casts indicated the footprints had designs on them
similar to the signs of the Zodiac,.	...

On January 12, 1953, ADAMSKI advised that on	
December 13, 1952, the space chip returned to the Palomar
Gardens and came low enough'to drop the plate which the
space man had taken from him, ADAMSKI, and had then gone
off over the hill. ADAMSKI stated that he saw the space ship
and thnt as	the space ship was leaving,
also took a	picture of the ship.

ADAMSKI stated that when he had the negatives
developed at a photo shop in Escondido, California, that
the negative that the space man had taken from him contained 
writing which he believed to be the writing of the space
men. ADAMSKI furnished the writer with copies of the space
writing and photographs of the space ship.	
The Palomar Observatory, advised that he had been acquainted 
with ADAMSKI since 1943, at which time ADAMSKI had called 
himself "the Reverend ADAMSKI" and had held Easter Services 
in the Valley. [DELETED] stated that in talking to
ADAMSKI, ADAMSKI had told him, [DELETED] that he had had
a "cult or colony at Laguna Beach, California, previous to
1943, and that he had also been interested in metaphysics
and astrology.

[DELETED] further advised that ADAMSKI claimed
SD 100-8382
to have worked at the Observatory at Mount Palomar, but stat-
ed that ADAMSKI had never been employed at the Observatory.

[DELETED] stated that ADAMSKI also claims to have been associated with	formerly	with	the	Observatory 
at Mount Palomar, but now located in Pasadena, California. 
[DELETED] stated that [DELETED] had known ADAMSKI
for quite some time and that [DELETED] adress was:

[DELETED]
Pasadena, California
Telephone: Sycamore	[DELETED].

[DELETED] stated he considered ADAMSKI to be
more qualified in astrology than astronomy. He continued
that he had never viewed any space ship and believed ADAMSKI
to be an opportunist.	

Copies of the letters of	and prints
of the space writing and flying saucers, are being enclosed
to the Bureau, for informational purposes only.

Copies are also being enclosed to the Cleveland
Office for any action that they may desire to take.

This information Is not being furnished to
the U. S. Air Force inasmuch as [DELETED] OSI, was along
at the time of the interview, and is cognizant of all facts
contained herein.

ADAMSKI furnished the following information
concerning himself:

Born: I4-17-1891
Place:Poland
Father:JOSEPH ADAMSKI (deceased)
Mother:FRANCES ADAMSKI (deceased)
Sister:[DELETED]
        (phonetic)
Address:Lackawana, New York
Sister:Mrs [DELETED]
Address:Dunkirk, New York
Sister:Mrs. [DELETED]
Address:Dunkirk, New York



AN ADMONISHMENT FROM THE FBI

During a speech before the Corona, California, Lions
Club, on 12 March 1953, Adamski boasted that,
according to a local newspaper report, his material had
been ‘cleared’ by the FBI and OSI, apparently supporting
this extravagant claim on other occasions with a
doctored copy of a paper signed by FBI and Air Force
agents. For this misrepresentation, Adamski was visited
by FBI agents from San Diego and soundly admonished.

As FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover wrote:

At the time of the interview, Mr Adamski denied making the
statement. In the Agents’ presence he wrote a letter to the
Editor of the Riverside ‘Enterprise’ pointing out the
incorrectness of the article with respect to FBI and Air Force
Intelligence clearance of his material ... At the same time,
Adamski, in a statement to the interviewing agents, advised he
had not made and did not intend to make statements to the
effect [that] the United States Air Force or Federal Bureau of
Investigation have approved material used in his speeches.33

THE SCOUTCRAFT PHOTOGRAPHS

Most researchers have denounced Adamski’s famous
‘fifties’ scoutcraft photos as fakes. Descriptions of the
‘model’ used cover a wide range of utensils: ‘lampshade’;
‘operating theatre lamp’; ‘saucepan lid with ping-pong
balls’; ‘tobacco humidor’; ‘chicken feeder’; ‘the top of a
1937. canister-type vacuum cleaner’; and ‘a bottle-cooler
made in Wigan, Lancashire’. The problem is that no one
has yet produced examples of any of the above items
which resemble proportionately the pictured craft.

Adamski, incidentally, offered $2,000 to anyone who
could prove his photos were fakes. There were no takers.

Desmond Leslie, a former Second World War fighter
pilot who wrote the first (and longer) part of Flying
Saucers Have Landed, made a strong case for the
authenticity of the photographs:

Anyone with experience of tele-photography who has obtained
an original print made from the original Adamski negatives
will at once notice a factor that has to be taken into account by all film directors using models to represent the full-size objects,
a factor known sometimes as ‘atmospheric softening’. This
phenomenon is due to moisture and dust in the atmosphere, so
that it is impossible to match up a foreground model with a
distant background (however sharp your depth of focus) unless
certain partial gauzings and screenings are used. The effect
through a tele-photo lens is to produce a certain greying and
flattening which is practically impossible to reproduce artificially. 
Tele-photography also slightly alters the perspective,
hence the flattening and greying effects clearly noticeable in
Adamski’s pictures.

Leslie also points out, based on his experiments using
Adamski’s actual telescope at the site where the photographs 
were taken, that it is evident that atmospheric
distortion was, in one of the photos, responsible for
making one of the three balls under the craft appear to
be larger than the others. This would not have happened
if a model had been used. Leslie further adduces the fact
that Adamski’s old German Hagee-Dresden Graflex
plate-camera could only be used in conjunction with the
six-inch telescopic lens: no other lenses were supplied
with it and to fake a photo using a model, a much lower
focal length would have been used.

Leslie gave the Adamski enlargements to one of
Hollywood’s most revered directors, John Ford, who
stated his opinion that the saucer was a large object shot
through a telephoto lens of about six inches focal length.

These findings were confirmed by Joseph Mansour,
whose job it was to make photos of model aircraft
appear to be the real thing.34 And Pev Marley, Cecil B.
de Mille’s leading special-effects cameraman, who had
served as a photographer with Enemy Intercept
Command in the Second World War, reportedly testified
at a meeting of US Air Force Reserve officers in 1953
that Adamski’s pictures, if faked, were the cleverest he
had ever seen.35 Later, he denied having made such a
statement.36

In Beyond Top Secret, I discussed the extraordinary
8.mm colour movie film of a scoutcraft, identical to the
one photographed at Palomar Gardens, taken by
Adamski in the presence of Madeleine Rodeffer and
three other witnesses at Silver Spring, Maryland, on 26
February 1965 (a frame from which is reproduced in the
colour plates). According to William Sherwood, an
optical physicist and former senior project development
engineer at Eastman Kodak, the film is authentic.37 My
own investigations into the film began in 1966: I can
state unequivocally, based on those investigations and a
friendship with Madeleine which spans three decades,
that the film is genuine. (Interestingly, as might have
been the case with Jerrold Baker, Adamski asked
Madeleine to take credit for the film.)
Also in Beyond Top Secret, I cited the photographs
taken by Stephen Darbishire, in the presence of his
cousin Adrian Myers, at Coniston, Lancashire, in
February 1954. The best of these two photographs
shows a ‘glass-like’ craft which is identical in proportion
to Adamski’s scoutcraft.38 I am not hesitant to say that
this photograph also is authentic. Darbishire insisted
that the craft had what appeared to be a series of
portholes arranged in sets of four, whereas the published
photos of Adamski showed what appeared to be a set of
only three. Adamski’s slightly blurred fourth photo of
the scoutcraft, unpublished in 1954, shows a fourth
porthole. Darbishire was unaware of this until Desmond
Leslie showed him the photo. Another photograph of an
identical craft, taken in 1973 in Peru, shows a fourth
porthole (see plates).

INSIDE THE SPACE SHIPS

Following the Desert Center encounter and the return of
the scoutcraft at Palomar Gardens, Adamski’s
experiences with the space people proliferated. It was
then that some of his claims became increasingly absurd.

In his second book, Inside the Space Ships, also long out
of print, he begins by describing how, on 18 February
1953.,	two unknown men approached him at a hotel in
Los Angeles.

I noted that both men were well proportioned. One was
slightly over six feet and looked to be in his early thirties. His
complexion was ruddy, his eyes dark brown, with the kind of
sparkle that suggests great enjoyment of life. His gaze was
extraordinarily penetrating. His black hair waved and was
cut according to our style. He wore a dark brown business
suit. . .

The shorter man looked younger and I judged his height to
be about five feet nine inches. He had a round boyish face, a
fair complexion and eyes of greyish blue. His hair, also wavy
and worn in our style, was sandy in colour. He was dressed in
a grey suit and was also hatless. He smiled as he addressed me
by name. As I acknowledged the greeting, the speaker extended
his hand and when it touched mine a great joy filled me. The
signal was the same as had been given by the man I had met on
the desert . . . Consequently, I knew that these men were not
inhabitants of Earth.

After Adamski had accepted an invitation to
accompany them, he was taken in a black Pontiac sedan
to a destination some way out of Los Angeles. During
the journey, the strangers introduced themselves as
coming from ‘Mars’ and ‘Saturn’. Adamski asked
himself how they managed to speak English so well. To
this unspoken thought, one of the men responded:

We are what you on Earth might call ‘contact men’. We live
and work here . . . We have lived on your planet now for
several years. At first we did have a slight accent. But that has
been overcome and, as you can see, we are unrecognized as
other than Earth men.

Adamski began to wonder to himself why he had been
singled out by the space people, to which unspoken
thought came the reply:

You are neither the first nor the only man on this world with
whom we have talked. There are many others living in different
parts of the Earth to whom we have come. Some who have
dared to speak of their experiences have been persecuted . . .

Consequently, many have kept silent. But when the book on
which you are now working reaches the public, the story of
your first contact out in the desert . . . will encourage others
from many countries to write you of their experiences.

The Pontiac turned off the highway and went along a
rough track in the desert, at which point Adamski caught
sight of a craft, similar but larger than the one three
months earlier, glowing soft white in the distance. ‘As we
came to a stop, I noticed that a man was standing beside
the glowing craft,’ he said, ‘[who] appeared to be
working on something connected with it. The three of us
walked towards him and, to my great joy, I recognized
my friend of the first contact ... He was dressed in the
same ski-type flying suit that he had worn on the first
occasion, but this suit was light brown in colour with
orange stripes at top and bottom of the waistband.’ His
hair, on this occasion, was cut short.

After greetings were exchanged, Orthon explained
that he was repairing a small part of the scoutcraft. As
he did so, he emptied the contents of a small ‘crucible’ on
the sand. ‘I stooped and cautiously touched what
appeared to be a very small amount of molten metal
which he had thrown out,’ Adamski reported. ‘Although
still quite warm, it was not too hot to be handled, and I
carefully wrapped it in my handkerchief . . .’

Asked by an amused Orthon why he wanted the
material, Adamski explained that it might furnish proof
of the reality of their visit; that people usually demanded
concrete evidence. ‘Yes,’ replied Orthon, ‘and you are a
race of souvenir hunters, aren’t you! However, you will
find that this alloy contains the same metals found on
your Earth, since they are much the same on all
planets.’39 Desmond Leslie gave this piece of metal to
George Ward, Britain’s Air Minister at the time, who
arranged for an analysis. The sample proved to be composed 
predominantly of a very high-grade aluminium,
combined with trace elements probably collected when
in the molten state.40

No names were given to Adamski for any of the space
people he met, the reason being, he claimed, that they
had ‘an entirely different concept of names as we use
them’. In Inside the Space Ships, pseudonyms were used
for identification purposes, and these were thought up
by Adamski together with Charlotte Blodget, who was
the book’s ghost-writer. They included ‘Firkon’ for the
‘Martian’ and ‘Ramu’ for the supposed Saturnian
(though Adamski implies that this was the latter’s real
name).

The repair completed, Adamski was invited to enter
the craft with the others. He found himself in a one-
room cabin.

I was aware of a very slight hum that seemed to come equally
from beneath the floor and from a heavy coil that appeared
to be built into the top of the circular wall. The moment the
hum started, this coil began to glow bright red but emitted no
heat. . .

I marvelled anew at the unbelievable way in which they were
able to fit parts together so that the joinings were imperceptible
. . . there was no sign of the door that had closed behind us . . .

I estimated the inside diameter of the inside cabin to be
approximately eighteen feet. A pillar about two feet thick
extended downward from the very top of the dome to the
centre of the floor. Later I was told this was the magnetic pole
of the ship, by means of which they drew on Nature’s forces for
propulsion purposes . . .

I noticed that a good six feet of the central floor was
occupied by a clear, round lens through which the magnetic
pole was centred. On opposite sides of this huge lens, close to
the edge, were two small but comfortable benches curved to
follow the circumference. I was. invited to sit on one of these
and Firkon sat beside me to explain what was going on . . .
while Orthon went to the control panels. These were located
against the outer wall between the two benches ... a small
flexible bar fell into place across our middles . . .
‘Sometimes,’ explained Firkon, ‘when a ship is
thoroughly grounded, a sharp jerk is experienced when
breaking contact with Earth. Although this does not
happen very often, we are always prepared.’

Adamski turned his attention to what appeared to be
graphs and charts that covered the walls for about three
feet on either side of the invisible door. They were
fascinating,’ he said, ‘entirely different from anything I
had seen on Earth.’

There were no needles or dials, but flashes of changing colours
and intensities. Some of these were like coloured lines moving
across the face of a particular chart . . . others took the forms
of different geometric figures . . . The wall for a distance of
about ten feet directly behind the benches on which we sat
appeared to be solid and blank, while on those beyond ... were
other charts somewhat similar, yet differing in certain ways
from those I have described.

The pilot’s instrument board was unlike anything I could
have imagined ... it looked rather like an organ. But instead
of keys and stops there were rows of buttons. Small lights
shone directly on these, so placed that each illuminated five
buttons at a time. As far as I can remember, there were six rows
of these buttons, each row about six feet long.

In front of the board was a pilot’s seat, similar in
shape to the other benches. Close beside it was a peculiar
instrument connected to the central pole, which
apparently functioned as a sort of periscope.

Adamski found it impossible to discern where the light
came from. ‘It seemed to permeate every cavity and
corner with a soft pleasing glow,’ he said. ‘There is no
way of describing that light exactly ... it seemed to
consist of a mellow blend of all colours, though at times
I	fancied one or another seemed to predominate.’
Only a very slight sensation was felt as the craft left
the ground. Adamski’s attention was drawn to the large
lens at his feet. ‘We appeared to be skimming over the
rooftops of a small town; I could identify objects as
though we were no more than a hundred feet above the
ground. It was explained to me that actually we were a
good two miles up and still rising, but this optical device
had such magnifying power that single persons could be
picked out and studied, if so desired . . .’ It was further
explained that the central pillar not only served as a
powerful telescope, with one end pointing at the ground
and the other - in the dome - pointing at the sky, but
also provided most of the power for the craft.

Propulsion

Four cables appeared to run through, or immediately
below, the floor lens, joining the central pole in the form
of a cross. Firkon explained their purpose:

Three of those cables carry power from the magnetic pole to
the three balls under the ship which, as you have seen, are
sometimes used as landing-gear. These balls are hollow and,
although they can be lowered for emergency landing and
retracted when in flight, their most important purpose is as
condensers for the static electricity sent to them from the
magnetic pole. This power is present everywhere in the
Universe. One of its natural but concentrated manifestations is
seen displayed as lightning.

The fourth cable extends from the pole to the two periscopelike 
instruments, the one beside the pilot’s seat and the other
directly behind his seat but close to the edge of the centre lens
... They can be switched on and off, or adjusted at will, so that
both members of the usual crew can have full use of the
telescope without interfering with each other.41

In his last book, Flying Saucers Farewell, Adamski
expounded on the principles of what he called the ‘three-
point electrostatic propulsion control system’. ‘As we
use retro-rockets to steer a rocket vehicle,’ he explained,
‘the saucers use their variable three-point system to
manoeuver by regulating the charge. In horizontal flight
within a planet’s ionosphere, saucers travel along the
planet’s geo-magnetic lines of force. They turn abruptly
by shifting the ball-charge.’42

In conversation with Captain Edward Ruppelt, the
scientific and technical intelligence officer who had
headed the Air Force’s Project Blue Book investigation
into UFOs, Adamski claimed that the saucers only use 10
per cent of the power they harness from nature, the excess 
being dissipated from the skin of the ship. ‘Particles
that would hit the ship are repelled by the negative
radiation from the skin of the ship,’ he explained, ‘so
they never touch anything, not even a meteorite.’
‘But why the saucer shape?’ asked Ruppelt.
‘You see, they don’t have to make a turn as we do,’
Adamski replied. ‘To us it looks like they make a right-
angled turn, but they don’t. They can cut one [ball-gear]
off or the other. Whichever one they cut off, that’s the
way the ship is going to go.’43

Ann Grevler, who claimed to have been taken aboard
a scoutcraft by a similar group of extraterrestrials in the
then Eastern Transvaal, South Africa, in 1957, provides
further details of this particular type of propulsion
system:

The general idea of their propulsion is that cosmic power
(electricity?) is drawn out of the surrounding air, through the
top of the central column . . . This power is then irradiated via
a pump at the bottom of the central pillar, over powdered
quartz of a kind, which is spread over the largest possible field
within the ship. The result is ionized air [which] is pumped
through the three hollow rings around the outside base of the
cabin structure as well as circulating through the three balls
underneath - these latter being used for motive power and
direction and not used primarily as landing gear.44

The machinery for motive power, Adamski claimed,
was housed mostly beneath the floor of the cabin and
under the lower exterior of the craft (see Fig. 8). ‘I did
not actually see any of it,’ he explained, ‘but I was shown
into a very small room which served both as an entrance
to the compartment which contained the machinery, and
as a workshop for emergency repairs.’45

Earlier, Adamski had found it almost impossible to
believe that the visitors could have accidents, or needed
to repair their craft from time to time. ‘I had to remind
myself that, after all, they too were human beings,’ he
wrote, ‘and, no matter how far advanced beyond us,
must still be subject to error and vicissitude.’46

The Mother Ship

Alerted by Orthon that the scout was about to land on
the mother ship, Adamski watched in astonishment as,
in the solid wall behind the bench, a round hole began to
open out, similar to the iris of a camera, until it was
about 18 inches wide. This turned out to be one of the
portholes, arranged in series around the cabin. Adamski
reasoned there must be four on each side of the craft,
making a total of eight (though a total of 16 is indicated
in the photographs taken in December 1952). Through
the portholes, Adamski could see the giant carrier craft,
40.,000	feet above the Earth.

As we came nearer, its huge bulk seemed to stretch away
almost out of sight, and I could see its vast sides curving
outward and downward. Slowly, very slowly, we drew nearer
until we were almost on top of the great carrier. I was not
astonished when my companion told me she was about one
hundred and fifty feet in diameter and close to two thousand
feet in length. The spectacle of that giant cigar-shaped carrier
ship hanging there motionless in the stratosphere will never
dim in my memory.

The scoutcraft descended then entered a hatch which
had appeared on top of the carrier ship and glided down
on two rails, the rate of descent apparently controlled by
friction and the magnetism of the saucer’s flange. The
craft no longer under its own power, Adamski found
himself subjected to the normal forces of gravity, and
once nearly lost his balance. Arriving on the platform of
a ‘huge hangar or storage deck’ inside the bowels of the
carrier ship, the craft was met by a crew member - of a
dark complexion and wearing a beret-type cap - holding
something that looked like a clamp attached to a cable.

This was connected to the flange of the scoutcraft in
order to ‘recharge’ it. ‘These smaller craft are incapable
of generating their own power to any great extent,’
explained Firkon, ‘and make only relatively short trips
from their carriers before returning for recharge. They
are used for a kind of shuttle service between the large
ships and any point of contact or observation, and are
always dependent on full recharging from the power
plant of the mother ship.’

Adamski and his companions proceeded to a large
control room, rectangular in shape but with rounded
corners. With the exception of two door openings, the
entire room - about 45 feet long - was covered with
coloured graphs and charts. Among other instruments in
the room was a robot-type device which Adamski was
cautioned not to describe, a miniature version of which
he had observed in the scoutcraft. After a brief look
round, he was shown into a lounge, the splendour yet
simplicity of which took his breath away.

Fig. 8. Diagrams of the scout- and carrier-craft based on Adamski’s
descriptions. (G.A.F. International)

Not less than 40 feet square and about 15 feet high,
the room was filled with a ‘soft, mysterious blue-white
light’, with no trace of its source. As he stepped in,
Adamski was greeted by two ‘incredibly lovely young
women’, who offered him a glass of water, of a denser
type than found on Earth. His description of these
women reads like something out of a fairy tale:

The one who had brought me the water was about five feet
three inches in height. Her skin was very fair and her golden
hair hung in waves to just below her shoulders in a beautiful
symmetry. Her eyes, too, were more golden than any other
colour ... Her almost transparent skin was without blemish of
any kind, exquisitely delicate, though firm and possessed of a
warm radiance. Her features were finely chiselled, the ears
small, the white teeth beautifully even. She looked very young
. . . Her hands were slender, with long, tapering fingers. I
noticed that neither she nor her companion wore make-up of
any kind . . .

Adamski called this ‘Venusian’ woman ‘Kalna’ and
the other - a ‘Martian’ - ‘Ilmuth’. The latter, a brunette,
was taller than Kalna, with large black ‘luminous’ eyes.

Both women wore robes of a veil-like material which fell
to their ankles, bound to their waists by a girdle of a
contrasting colour, and tiny sandals.

The room was furnished with a long table surrounded
with chairs, divans and settees of different designs and
sizes, but lower and more comfortable than those on
Earth. ‘They were covered in a material of a deep soft
nap with a brocade effect,’ Adamski claimed. ‘The
colours varied . . . rich, warm and subdued.’ Beside the
chairs were low glass- or crystal-topped tables with
decorative centre-pieces. The entire floor was covered by
a single luxurious rug which reached to the walls, of a
plain medium-brown colour.

Various pictures were placed around the walls,
evidently depicting scenes from another planet, with
completely different architecture. One picture showed a
large mother ship. As the thought passed through
Adamski’s mind that this was the craft they were on,
Kalna corrected it ‘No, our ship is really very small in
comparison,’ she said. ‘That one is more like a travelling
city than a ship, since its length is several miles, while
ours is only two thousand feet.’ Adamski struggled to
comprehend such a fantastic size. ‘Many such ships have
been built,’ Kalna continued. ‘However, they are not
intended for the exclusive use of any particular planet,
but for the purpose of contributing to the education and
pleasure of all citizens in the whole brotherhood of the
Universe.’

Adamski was taken up one level to the flight deck,
where Firkon explained that the mother ship carried
many pilots, working in shifts of four - two men and two
women - as well as twelve scoutcraft and many
mechanical devices, including pressurizing equipment
installed between the walls. This particular ship, said
Ilmuth (who was on the point of taking the controls),
had four such walls or skins.

Suddenly, openings like portholes appeared in the
walls, and both pilots took their places in small seats on
opposite sides of the flight deck. ‘I felt a slight movement
and the ship seemed to nose upward,’ reported Adamski.
‘We are now about 50,000 miles from your Earth,’ said
Ilmuth.47

Firkon then invited Adamski to look out of one of the
portholes. What he said he saw in 1953 is corroborated
by views described by some astronauts years later. With
other corroborations, it persuades me that not all of
George Adamski’s encounters with the ‘space people’
were fantasies - nor were they all the product of
deception.


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Petersen, Hans C., Report from Europe, Scandinavian
UFO Information (SUFOI), Jylland, Denmark, 1964, p. 91.
2.	FBI Office Memorandum to the Director, FBI, from the
Special Agent in Charge, San Diego (100-8382), 28
January 1953.
3.	Zinsstag, Lou, and Good, Timothy, George Adamski: The
Untold Story, Ceti Publications, Beckenham, Kent, UK,
1983. (out of print).
4.	Lorenzen, Coral E., ‘Looking Back - at Adamski’, The
APRO Bulletin, Aerial Phenomena Research Organization,
Tucson, Arizona, vol. 31, no. 6, 1984, pp. 1-3.
5.	FBI Office Memorandum, 28 January 1953.
6.	Leslie, Desmond, and Adamski, George, Flying Saucers
Have Landed, Werner Laurie, London, 1953, p. 171.
7.	FBI Office Memorandum to the Director, FBI, from the
Special Agent in Charge, San Diego (100-8325), 28 May
1952.
8.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 187-9.
9.	Interview with the author, Escondido, California, 20
November 1979.
10.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 192-3.
11.	Interview with the author, 20 November 1979.
12.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 193-7.
13.	Ibid., pp. 197-203.
14.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., pp. 6-7.
15.	Ribera, Antonio, ‘The Soria Abduction’, Parts I, II and III,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 30, nos. 3, 4 and 5, 1985.
16.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 204-5.
17.	Ibid., pp. 205-10.
18.	Ibid., pp. 210-13.
19.	Ibid., opposite p. 192.
20.	Interview with the author, 20 November 1979.
21.	Letter from Jerrold Baker to Frank Scully, 31 January
1954.,	published in Nexus, edited by James Moseley,
January 1955, pp. 15-16.
22.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 212-13.
23.	Hornet, Marcel F., Sons of the Sun, Neville Spearman,
London, 1963, p. 185.
24.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 217-18.
25.	‘Adamski’s Answer to Baker’, Mystic Magazine, June
1955.,	pp. 96-7.
26.	Affidavit from Jerrold Baker, 29 June 1954, published in
Nexus, vol. 2, no. 1, January 1955, p. 14.
27.	Letter from Jerrold Baker to James Moseley, 18 November
1954.,	published in Nexus, vol. 2, no. 1, January 1955, pp.
14.-15.
28.	FBI Office Memorandum to the Director, FBI, from the
Special Agent in Charge, San Diego (100-8382), 28
January 1953.
29.	Interview with the author, 20 November 1979.
30.	Leslie and Adamski, op. cit., pp. 219-20.
31.	FBI Office Memorandum, 28 January 1953.
32.	FBI Office Memorandum to the Director, FBI, from the
Special Agent in Charge, San Diego (100-8382), 15
December 1953.	*
33.	Letter to an enquirer (name deleted) from John Edgar
Hoover, Director, FBI, 17 December 1953.
34.	‘Desmond Leslie Answers David Wightman’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 6, no. 5, 1960, pp. 3-5.
35.	Meeting at Veterans’ Administration Building, Quontset T-
26.	(city not named), 1 June 1953, as published in Leslie
and Adamski, op. cit., p. 229.
36.	Nexus, vol. 2, no. 1, January 1955, p.13.
37.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp.
441.-4.
38.	Ibid., pp. 444-5.
39.	Adamski, George, Inside the Space Ships, Arco Spearman,
London, 1956, pp. 33-40.
40.	Leslie, Desmond, ‘Commentary on George Adamski’, in
Flying Saucers Have Landed by Desmond Leslie and
George Adamski, revised edition, Neville Spearman,
London, 1970, p. 245.
41.	Adamski, op. cit., pp. 41-8.
42.	Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Farewell, Abelard-
Schuman, London, p. 39.
43.	Recorded discussion between George Adamski and
Captain Edward Ruppelt, Palomar Terraces, 9 April 1955.
44.	‘Anchor’, Transvaal Episode, The Essene Press, Corpus
Christi, Texas, 1958, p. 37.
45.	Adamski, Inside the Space Ships, p. 48.
46.	Ibid., p. 44.
47.	Ibid., pp. 48-67.


=========================================================
Chapter 7. CLAIMS, CONTRADICTIONS AND CORROBORATIONS

‘I was amazed to see that the background of space is
totally dark,’ reported George Adamski, as he gazed in
wonderment through one of the giant space carrier’s
portholes. ‘Yet there were manifestations taking place all
around us, as though billions upon billions of fireflies
were flickering everywhere, moving in all directions, as
fireflies do. However, these were of many colours, a
gigantic celestial fireworks display that was beautiful to
the point of being awesome.’1
On 20 February 1962, nine years after Adamski’s first
alleged flight in space, astronaut John Glenn, orbiting
the Earth in the Mercury VI space capsule, described a
similar scene:

At the first light of sunrise - the first sunrise I came to - I was
still faced back towards the direction in which I had come from
with normal orbit attitude and just as the first rays of sun came
up on to the capsule I had glanced back down inside to check
some instruments and do something and when I glanced back
my reaction was that I was looking out into a complete star field
-	that the capsule had probably gone up while I wasn’t looking
out the window and that I was looking into nothing but a new
star field. But this wasn’t the case, because a lot of the little
things that I thought were stars were actually a bright yellowish
green about the size and intensity as looking at a firefly on a real
dark night. . . there were literally thousands of them.2

Corroboration was provided by Soviet cosmonauts
Vladimir Komarov, Konstantin Feoktistov and Boris
Yegorov in Voskhod 1 on 12 October 1964:

The luminous particles were visible only against a black sky
with the sun shining from the side . . . Their movement is
strange. Sometimes we saw two particles moving towards each
other. The general feeling was that these tiny particles came
from our ship; apparently, these are simply dust particles that
are found everywhere, even in the cosmos.3

There remain dissenting opinions regarding the nature
of the ‘firefly effect’. Lieutenant General Thomas
Stafford, US Air Force (Retired), who flew two Gemini
missions in 1965/6 and was Commander of Apollo X,
which orbited the Moon in May 1969, told me in 1996
that he believes the effect is caused by sunlight shining on
sublimated particles ejected from the thrusters used for
positioning the spacecraft, which (on Gemini) were
fuelled by hydrogen-peroxide gas. He also pointed out
that water and urine dumped from our manned spacecraft 
can give rise to similar effects.4 This is true, though
micrometeoroids (‘space dust’) remains the better
explanation in other cases.

A REMARKABLE DEVICE

During this first flight on board one of the giant carrier
craft, Adamski claimed he was shown an instrument, no
larger than an ordinary (fifties) cabinet radio and with a
screen similar to that of a television. ‘With this,’
explained Firkon, ‘we can picture and register anything
taking place on the Earth, or on any planet over which
we either pass or hover. Not only do we hear the spoken
words, but pictures are picked up and shown on the
screen. An internal mechanism breaks these down into
sound vibrations, which are simultaneously translated
into words of our own language, all of which are
recorded in a manner similar to your own tape-
recordings.’

Firkon went on to explain that all words are made up
of vibrations or scales similar to a musical octave, just as
all melodies are composed of certain notes, thus
unknown languages can be learned in a relatively short
time. When strange vibrations become apparent, these
are transposed into picture form, showing exactly what
the strange words or their vibrations mean.5

HARMFUL RADIATION BELTS

Adamski was introduced by his hosts to an older man,
described as a greatly evolved being’, unbelievably aged
‘close to one thousand years’, who warned of the
harmful effects of Earth’s nuclear detonations:

Even though the power and radiation from the test explosions
have not yet gone out beyond your Earth’s sphere of influence,
these radiations are endangering the life of men on Earth. A
decomposition will set in that, in time, will fill your atmosphere
with the deadly elements which your scientists and your
military men have confined into what you term ‘bombs’.

The radiations released from those bombs are now only
going out so far, since they are lighter than your own
atmosphere and heavier than space itself. If, however, mankind
on Earth should release such power against one another in full
warfare, a large part of Earth’s population could be
annihilated, your soil rendered sterile, your waters poisoned
and barren to life for many years to come. It is possible that the
body of your planet itself could be mutilated to an extent that
would destroy her balance in our galaxy . . . For us, travelling
through space could be made difficult and dangerous for a long
time to come, since the energies released in such multiple
explosions would then penetrate through your atmosphere
into outer space.6

SECOND FLIGHT INTO SPACE

During his second alleged flight into outer space, on 21
April 1953, Adamski was taken on board a different
(‘Saturnian’!) scoutcraft, four times the diameter of the
‘Venusian’ one, prior to a flight in a larger carrier ship.

Shown into what he was told was a kitchen, Adamski
could see no fittings or cupboards of any type. The
appearance proved deceptive. ‘ZuhP, the host, explained
that the walls were lined from top to bottom with
cupboards and compartments which, like all doors on
the craft, were invisible until opened. In these
cupboards, food and everything necessary for its
preparation was stored. A small glass-like door set into
one of the walls proved to be an oven. No burners of any
description could be discerned. Zuhl explained:

We do not cook our food in the same way as you. Ours is done
quickly by means of rays or high frequencies, a method with
which you are now experimenting on Earth. However, we
prefer most of our food in the state in which it is grown, and
live chiefly on the delicious fruits and vegetables which abound
on our planets. To all intents and purposes we are what you
call ‘vegetarians’, but in emergencies, if no other food is
available, we do eat meat.

Ushered into a nearby lounge, Adamski noted that the
floor-covering was yellow-grey in colour, with a texture
similar to thick sponge rubber. As before, couches and
individual seats were scattered about. CI saw no books,
papers or reading matter of any kind,’ he said, cnor did I
see any shelves or cases in which something of this kind
might be kept.’7

On board the carrier ship were people similar to those
he had encountered on the previous trip. Although none
of the women looked to be older than their early
twenties, Adamski learnt later that their ages varied
from thirty to two hundred years. On this occasion they
were wearing ‘beautiful, sheer gowns’ with wide belts
decorated with gems that ‘sparkled with a softness and
vitality such as I had never seen on Earth’. The men wore
‘gleaming white blouses’ with long full sleeves drawn in
tight at the wrists. The trousers were also loose, ‘very
similar to our own styles’, but made of an unknown
material.

The men’s height varied from about five to six feet, and all were
splendidly formed, with weight in proportion. Like the
women, they varied in colouring, but I noticed that the skin of
one was definitely what we would call copper-coloured. All
had neatly trimmed hair, although it differed in length and cut
to some degree, as here on Earth. None wore long hair ... The
men’s features, though uniformly handsome, were not greatly
different from those of Earth men, and I am positive that any
of them could come amongst us and never be recognized as not
belonging here.8

REMOTELY CONTROLLED DISCS

On this carrier ship, one ‘laboratory room’ housed
twelve small, unmanned discs (similar to the ‘foo-
fighters’ discussed in Chapter 1). ‘I guessed immediately
that these were the registering discs or small, remotely
controlled devices sent out by the mother ships for close
observation,’ said Adamski.

They were about three feet in diameter, of shiny, smooth
material, and shaped rather like two shallow plates, or hubcaps, 
turned upside down and joined at the rims so that the
central part was a few inches thick. I learned, however, that
such discs varied in size from about ten inches to twelve feet in
diameter, depending on the amount of equipment carried . . .
they contained highly sensitive apparatus which not only
guided each little saucer perfectly in its desired path of flight,
but also transmitted back to the mother ship full information on
every kind of vibration taking place in the area under observation 
. . . sound, radio, light - and even thought waves . . .

At a flight deck, six women worked quickly and
nimbly as they fed instructions and flight data to the
waiting discs. ‘I remember noting the resemblance to six
women playing in a pantomime, a silent concerto,’ commented 
Adamski. ‘It was fascinating to see how, when a
disc had received full “instructions”, one of the trap
doors would open and the disc would slide smoothly
into the orifice, passing through air-locks before hurtling
away into outer space on its mission.’
Meanwhile, back at the laboratory, screens registered
what the small discs were recording. ‘I noticed on one of
the screens varying lines shaping, disappearing and
reappearing in new formations,’ said Adamski. ‘The
lines would then be replaced by round dots and long
dashes, which would quickly form into various
geometrical figures.’ The purpose of these was explained
by Adamski’s extraterrestrial companions:

The discs are now hovering above a certain spot on Earth and
registering the sounds emanating from that spot. This is what
you are seeing on the screen as shown by the lines, dots and
dashes. The other machines are assembling this information
and interpreting it by producing pictures of the meanings of the
signals, together with the original sounds . . .

Everything in the Universe has its own particular pattern.

For example, if someone speaks the word ‘house’, the mental
image of a dwelling of one kind or another is in his mind. Many
things, including human emotions, are registered in the same
way. By the use of these machines, we know even what your
people are thinking, and whether or not they are hostile toward
us . . .

On each side of the mother ship, just below the disc-
launching ports, is a magnetic ray projector. When a disc goes
out of control, a ray is projected to disintegrate it. This
accounts for some of the mysterious explosions that take place
in your skies ... On the other hand, if a disc goes out of control
near the surface of a planet where an explosion might cause
damage, it is allowed to descend to the ground where a milder
charge is sent into it [which] causes the metal to disintegrate in
slow stages. First it softens, then turns into a kind of jelly, then
a liquid, and finally it enters a free state as gases, leaving not a
wrack behind.9

It was alleged that, by means of these discs, the space
people were alerted to an abnormal condition building
up on the fringe of our atmosphere - ca condition
constantly increasing with every atomic or hydrogen
bomb that is exploded on Earth’.10

THE MOON

It was on this second purported trip into space that
Adamski was shown - on a viewing screen - the surface
of our Moon. His descriptions have given rise to ridicule,
yet some are intriguing:

I was amazed to see how completely wrong we are in our ideas
about this, our nearest neighbour. Many of the craters are
actually large valleys surrounded with rugged mountains,
created by some past terrific upheaval within the body of the
Moon . . . True, some of the craters had been formed by
meteorites hitting the Moon’s surface, but in every such case,
these craters showed definite funnel bottoms. And as I studied
the magnified surface of the Moon upon the screen before us, I
noticed deep ruts through the ground and in some of the
imbedded rock, which could have been made in no other way
than by a heavy run-off of water in times past. In some of these
places there was still a very small growth of vegetation
perceptible. Part of the surface looked fine and powdery, while
other portions appeared to consist of larger particles similar to
coarse sand or fine gravel. . .11

With the obvious exception of the ‘very small growth
of vegetation’, all these descriptions were confirmed
years later. Prior to unmanned landings on the Moon,
astronomers argued about its surface structure. Dr
Thomas Gold of the Greenwich Royal Observatory, for
example, stated in 1955 that the lunar maria (‘seas’)
were covered with a layer of dust so thick that anyone
attempting to land in one might be swallowed up.12 Neil
Armstrong, speaking from first-hand (or first-foot)
experience, dispelled those speculations as he stepped
down from Apollo XI’s lunar excursion module on that
memorable 20 July 1969. ‘The surface is fine and
powdery,’ he reported.

Adamski’s most ardent detractors have to be
impressed by the identical descriptions in each case;
however, his description of ‘a small animal . . . fourlegged 
and furry’13 that he saw on the lunar surface
through the viewing screen has not been confirmed!

Adamski’s perhaps most outlandish claim was made
relative to his third claimed flight into space, on 23
August 1954, when he was again shown the Moon on a
viewing screen. On this occasion he was shown views of
the other side, supposedly depicting a temperate section
around the equator, with snow-capped mountains,
forests, lakes, rivers and even a ‘fair-sized city’ where, he
was informed, human beings could live comfortably,
given sufficient depressurization.14

In defence of this claim, Desmond Leslie pointed out
that several photographs taken by the Apollo VIII crew
show pronounced greenish hues on the lunar surface,
giving the impression that one is looking at high-altitude
forests. One picture shows what looks like a beautiful
blue lake. If the best cameras on Earth recorded the
Moon in this way, Leslie argued, then Adamski can be
forgiven for falling victim to an ‘optical illusion’. He also
points out that Adamski had poor sight (he suffered
from a cataract), but hated to admit it and never carried
his glasses around with him.15 The poor eyesight may
explain some inconsistencies in his descriptions, but it
hardly explains the fact that he claimed to have been told
by his hosts about the forests, lakes and rivers, and so
on.

Adamski reported that during a trip to Holland in
May 1959, he was listening in his hotel room to a BBC
Radio programme - The News of Europe - when he was
surprised to hear a report by a Russian scientist stating
that the Moon was not composed of volcanic dust, but
rather of granite formations similar to Earth. Furthermore, 
many green spots that looked like vegetation had
been observed on the other side of the Moon.16

The greenish hues in some of the Apollo VIII
photographs are remarkable. I have a superb exhibition
print of the Schmidt crater. There is no denying the
impression of possible ‘moss-type’ vegetation conveyed
by the dark-green colour surrounding the crater, while
the crater itself is a mixture of white, fawn and pinkish-
coloured areas (see colour plates). Even astronomer
Patrick Moore credited the possibility of vegetation on
the lunar surface. ‘On the whole moon there is no living
thing,’ he stated, ‘apart perhaps from a few scattered
patches of lichens or moss-type vegetation on the floors
of some of the craters.’17
John McLeaish of NASA informed me that the
greenish tint is due to a slight underexposure of the
Ektachrome (SO-368) film:

Color films tend to produce a color when viewing a slightly
underexposed neutral subject... In general the far side of the
moon is topographically higher than the side we view from
earth. A major exception is the crater Tsiolkovsky and its
mare. It is the darkest location, densitometrically on the moon
(greenish in some photos) and it is believed to be the lowest
topographic point on the moon by many scientists.18

While it is correct that improperly exposed film can
produce false colour, the extent depicted in some Apollo
VIII photos seems extreme, and my photograph of the
Schmidt crater, for example, has been perfectly exposed.

A few weeks after hearing from McLeaish, I received
an unsolicited letter from Paul D. Lowman Jr. of NASA’s
Planetology Branch:

Your interesting letter on the apparent green color of the lunar
surface has been supplied to me ... I doubt if the green color
is authentic. I base this opinion primarily on the eye-witness
accounts given by the flight crews. For example, Bill Anders
(Apollo 8) was emphatic that there was essentially no color on
the lunar surface. Other crews have modified this, saying that
it appears a brownish color. However, none have reported any
green . . .

I asked General Thomas Stafford what colours, if any,
he had seen while orbiting the Moon. He replied that in
the early morning the mountain peaks showed a reddish
glow as the sun came up; later, the surface assumed a
light tan colour, changing to a dazzling white at noon.

He reports never seeing green colours, and believes the
Apollo photos showing such colours are caused by
photographic processing effects.19

Fred Steckling, a staunch supporter of Adamski who
claimed to have had several meetings with the ‘space
people’,20 argued that the areas on the Moon which
Adamski described as being inhabited were in fact protected 
by giant invisible domes created by ‘magnetic
rays’ which effectively maintained the air pressure at 7.5
pounds per square inch, thus shielding the occupants
from the vicissitudes of the lunar environment
(temperatures range from 230 degrees Fahrenheit at
noon on the equator to -290 degrees Fahrenheit at night;
the atmosphere is practically non-existent, and the
gravity is one-sixth that of Earth’s).

The French researcher Rene Fouere earlier proposed a
similar hypothesis to account for Adamski’s description
of rivers, lakes and forests. If the extraterrestrial
colonists on the Moon were technologically superior to
us, he argued, might they have been able to produce and
contain an artificial atmosphere - ‘a giant atmospheric
bubble, within which lakes could be created, rivers made
to flow, and snow made to fall . . .’?21 Fouere proposes
another interesting hypothesis to account for Adamski’s
description; a hypothesis to which I shall return later in
this chapter. Pointing out that the images of the Moon
were projected on to a screen, Fouere goes on to
speculate that these might have been faked.

If Adamski really did meet extraterrestrials, one might have
thought the latter had deliberately shown him a false picture so
that our men of science, reading Adamski’s books later, might
be convinced of the author’s intellectual folly and dishonesty
and, at the same time, of the non-existence of extraterrestrial
craft. After all, the extraterrestrials, if they exist, may perhaps
not be so keen that we should believe in their existence ... It is
possible that they are out not to draw attention to themselves
and that, if they had indeed had dealings with Adamski, they
might have been able to condition him psychically in such a
manner that, once out of their hands, he would go off and
spread incredible fables around the world.22

Lunar Anomalies
Despite absurdities and contradictions in Adamski’s
claims about the Moon, some mysteries remain. There
are, for example, areas which suggest artificially constructed 
grooves or ‘rilles’. These are usually explained
geologically in terms of ancient river beds, bygone
seismic activity, or collapsed ‘lava tubes’; nonetheless,
the rilles on the Gassendi crater (see plates) look
artificial.

Also of interest are so-called ‘Transient Lunar
Phenomena’ (TLP). Astronomer Patrick Moore, who
coined the term, speculatively attributed the TLPs to
‘gaseous emissions caused by moonquakes’. Even more
interesting is the fact that water vapour has been
detected, ‘erupting like geysers through cracks on the
lunar surface’, according to instruments put there by
Apollo XI and XII.23 A water vapour cloud of more than
10.	square miles was apparently discovered, and while
Apollo VIII was in lunar orbit, astronaut Frank Borman
was reported as having said: ‘It looks like clouds down
there.’24 This bolsters Adamski’s assertion that tenuous
clouds occasionally form.

In late 1996 the Pentagon announced that radar
soundings taken in mid-1995 by Clementine, an
unmanned spacecraft, detected what seemed to be an
enormous lake of frozen water at the bottom of the solar
system’s largest crater, known as the Aitkin basin, on the
Moon’s south pole. The crater itself is more than seven
miles deep and the apparent ice lake is estimated to be
tens of feet deep, covering an area of 30 to 50 square
miles. Scientists at the Pentagon’s Ballistic Missile
Defense Organization, which sponsored Clementine,
stated that the radar soundings of the Moon’s polar
areas had convinced them that the substance in the crater
is indeed water ice, though further data were needed
before this can be confirmed. An immense and permanent 
shadow in the crater prevents the ice from
evaporating. Nothing like it was found in the Moon’s
north pole nor in another southern area exposed directly
to the Sun. The presence of water on the otherwise
apparently dry Moon is probably due to a collision with
a comet (composed largely of ice) perhaps 3.6 billion
years ago, the scientists speculated. This important
discovery will facilitate living on the Moon, when
eventually we establish colonies there.25

Stranger still are what appear to be artificial
constructions occasionally observed on the Moon. Frank
Halstead, Curator of the Darling Observatory in Duluth,
Minnesota, described an object he and his assistant
observed through a telescope on 6 July 1954. It looked
like a ‘straight black line’ on the floor of the crater
Piccolomini, where no such line had been noted before.

It has not been seen since. The object was also confirmed
by the Tulane Observatory.26 Halstead also reported
seeing a cigar-shaped craft about 800 feet long, later
joined by a disc estimated to be 100 feet in diameter,
while crossing the Mojave Desert in California by train
with his wife, on 1 November 1955.27

Further evidence for constructions on the Moon came
from the British astronomer Dr H. P. Wilkins (whose
UFO sighting is described in Chapter 8), when he
reported what looked like a curved ‘arch or bridge’, two
miles long, on the Mare Crisium, following its discovery
by the American science writer John O’Neill, in 1953.

Using a less powerful telescope than Wilkins’s, O’Neill
mistakenly assumed it had a span of 12 miles. ‘It looks
artificial,’ stated Wilkins on BBC Radio in December
1953. ‘It’s almost incredible that such a thing could have
been formed in the first instance (by nature), or if it was
formed, could have lasted during the ages in which the
moon has been in existence.’

The lunar ‘bridge’ was explained as an illusion caused
by the Sun’s rays shining obliquely through a gap
between two rocky promontories. Adamski had another,
equally unlikely explanation: the bridge, he claimed, was
a mile-long mother ship undergoing maintenance. When
something goes wrong with one of these gigantic craft,
he explained, it is brought down between two mountain
tops. If some of the larger machinery needs to be moved,
another mother ship straddles the two mountains and is
used as a crane to lift the heavy machinery. ‘This will
give the appearance of a bridge,’ he said, ‘but as soon as
they have repaired the other ship, they both leave, so
your so-called bridge has gone.’28

On balance, some evidence supports Adamski’s
claim that alien bases - if not rivers, lakes, forests and
so on - exist on the Moon. Like others, it is a claim that
we would be unwise to dismiss out of hand, ridiculous-
though it seems. Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso, US
Army (Retired), who served in the Army staff’s
Research and Development directorate at the Pentagon
in the early 1960s, claims that, in 1961, NASA ‘agreed
to co-operate with military planners to work a
“second-tier” space program within and covered up by
the civilian scientific missions [and] to open up a confidential 
“back-channel” communications link to
military intelligence regarding any hostile activities
conducted by the EBEs [extraterrestrial biological
entities] against our spacecraft even if those included
only shadowing or surveillance’. Corso claims that the
US Army and Air Force possessed at least 122 photos
taken by astronauts on the Moon ‘that showed some
evidence of an alien presence’.29 He adds:

An extraterrestrial presence on the moon, whether it was true
or not in the 1950s, was an issue of such military importance
that it was about to become a subject for National Security
Council debate before Admiral Hillenkoetter and Generals
Twining and Vandenberg pulled it back under their [UFO]
working group’s security classification. The issue never
formally reached the National Security Council, although
Army R&D [Research and Development] under the new
command of General Trudeau in 1958 quickly developed
preliminary plans for Horizon, a moon base construction
project designed to provide the United States with a military
observation presence on the lunar surface . . . Horizon was
supposed to establish defensive fortifications on the moon
against a Soviet attempt to use it as a military base, an early-
warning surveillance system against a Soviet missile attack,
and, most importantly, a surveillance and defense against
UFOs.

‘Years later,’ continues Corso, ‘there was even some
speculation among Army Intelligence analysts who had
been out of the NASA strategy loop that the Apollo
moon-landing program was ultimately abandoned
because there was no way to protect the astronauts from
possible alien threats.’30

MEETINGS WITH VIPs

Following the success of his books, Adamski became a
celebrity. He was invited all over the world to lecture as
well as to meet many prominent people. In 1959, he was
invited by Queen Juliana of the Netherlands to Soestdijk
Palace at The Hague. The meeting, which took place on
18.	May, was attended by dignitaries and experts,
including Prince Bernhard; Lieutenant-General H.
Schaper, Chief of the Royal Netherlands Air Staff; and
Professor Jongbloed, an expert in aviation medicine.

After a question from the Queen about one of his trips
around the Moon, Adamski was asked some facetious
questions by General Schaper and by an astronomer. ‘I
have known of no major officials of our Air Force, and
few astronomers, who have told what they actually
know about the visitors from space,’ he responded. ‘It is
a known fact that the secret files and confidential reports
of the Air Force have never been released to the public,
or even to high officers in the government. I am inclined
to believe this applies to all governments.’

Although many questions were asked about the space
people, most questions dealt with mankind’s future in
space. Going well over its 45-minute allotted time, the
meeting lasted two hours. Later, on arrival at the hall
where he was to give a lecture, Adamski was besieged by
the press and members of the public determined to know
what had been discussed at the meeting. ‘This I could not
do,’ he said, ‘for the meeting had been on a level of
dignity that denied me the privilege of speaking until the
Queen spoke first.’31 The press was furious, and most of
the newspapers heaped ridicule on the meeting - without
knowing what had been discussed. ‘New Scandal in the
Court of Holland’ was the banner headline in France,
Belgium and Switzerland.

Carol Honey, an aerospace engineer who was
Adamski’s right-hand man for seven years, told me that
although he did not accept all of the contactee’s claims,
he was present on several occasions at Palomar Terraces
(Palomar Gardens having been sold in the mid-1950s)
when Adamski was visited by various government and
military officials.32 Adamski also claimed that he was
consulted by the Air Force regarding an incident in
which one of their jets was three hours overdue.

Eventually it came in for an unannounced landing,
minus pilot and co-pilot! According to Adamski, the
incident took place in Washington on 6 July 1956, and
the information came to him in the form of a letter from
a base in the Panama Canal Zone. The Air Force wanted
to know what had happened. Adamski replied that he
would check with ‘the boys’ (as he later called his space
contacts), and two weeks later informed the Air Force
that the pilots had been ‘picked up’ by a spacecraft and
given the choice of returning to Earth or going with its
crew. Apparently, they chose the latter option, because a
number of pilots who had been similarly ‘abducted’ in
the past and then returned to tell their stories had been
mistreated and ridiculed. To show good faith, the ‘boys’
returned the aircraft back to its base under remote
control. The Air Force purportedly confirmed it had
arrived at a similar conclusion.33

In March 1960, Adamski claimed to have received a
telegram summoning him to official meetings in New
York and Washington. One of these meetings, he related
to his co-workers, was with an aide to Dag
Hammarskjold, then Secretary-General of the United
Nations, as well as others. ‘In New York,’ he wrote, ‘I
had the great honor of dining and visiting for one and a
half hours with Dag Hammarskjold’s right-hand man in
the UN. Original arrangements had been made for me to
meet Mr H. but the African conflict took him away at
just that time. But I learned a great deal of interest to us
all. . .’

During the same period, Adamski had a 15-minute
meeting with Senator Margaret Chase-Smith (Maine),
Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee for Space
Research at the time. ‘I gave her as much information as
possible,’ he reported, ‘for which she thanked me. This
was an accomplishment that I little expected . . .’34

Pope John XXIII

On 31 May 1963, Adamski claimed to have had a
private meeting at the Vatican with the ill Pope John
XXIII, to deliver an important package which he said
had been given to him by one of the space people in
Copenhagen. The claim has been roundly denounced, of
course, yet circumstantial evidence suggests that such a
meeting did take place.

Expected to be at a certain entrance at 11.00, Adamski
was accompanied as far as the steps of St Peter’s by his
co-workers May Morlet from Belgium and Louise (Lou)
Zinsstag from Switzerland. Lou, whom I knew as a close
and trusted friend for nearly 20 years, described the
occasion as follows:

May and I got him there in good time. We walked slowly up
the broad central stairway, looking around us. Within a few
minutes, George cried out: ‘There he is - I can see the man!

Please wait for me here in about an hour’s time.’ He descended
the steps swiftly, turning to the left. I had looked to the right
because I expected him to be admitted through the well-known
gate where the Swiss Guards were posted. Yet, without any
hesitation, he walked to the left of the Dome where I now
noticed a high wooden entrance-gate behind the open doorway, 
with a small built-in door. This door was partly opened
and a man was standing inside it, gesturing discreetly to
George. He wore a black suit but not a priest’s robe. On his
chest I noticed some kind of coloured material in white, green
and red ... I made a mental note that Adamski’s being received
at a gate other than the usual one where the Swiss Guards
checked on every visitor meant that he would not be registered
on the daily visitors’ list, and that his visit would probably not
be recorded officially by the Vatican. This, I realized, was very
interesting in itself but would not be helpful if we had to look
for proof.

May and I returned an hour later. There was George already,
grinning like a monkey. I never saw his face as happy as that;
his eyes shining like beautiful topazes, something I shall never
forget. ‘We have done it,’ he said. ‘I was received by the Pope.

He gave me his blessing and I gave him the message.’
When later in the day we lunched with George he told us
that the Pope was not lying in the room above St Peter’s
Square, as the people had been told, but that his bedroom faced
the most beautiful part of the Vatican garden. And he added
confidentially: ‘If you ask me, the Pope is hardly a dying man.

I have seen several people dying of cancer but the Pope’s skin
has still got a fine texture like a child’s. They haven’t yet tried
to operate on him but I’m sure that’s what they will do soon.

He is not too old for that.’ George added that the Pope even
had rosy cheeks, and had said that he did not feel so bad.

George had been helped on with a kind of cassock over his
suit before he entered the bedroom. The Pope gave him a nice
smile and said: ‘I have been expecting you.’ When George
handed him the sealed message from Copenhagen, he said - also
in English: ‘That is what I have been waiting for.’ He then spoke
to his visitor in a very low and soft voice for a few minutes.

Adamski had to bend his head down close to the Pope’s, whose
last words were: ‘My son, don’t worry, we will make it.’ After
receiving the papal blessing, Adamski was ushered out.

During lunch, Adamski took out of his breast pocket
a small plastic wallet, lilac in colour. ‘It bore the most
singular inscription I have ever seen, protected by a
transparent cover,’ said Lou. ‘The written characters
were of a very unusual kind; certainly neither Roman
nor Gothic, nor were they Russian, Chinese, Japanese,
Arabic or Hebrew. But beneath the text was the date of
the interview - 31 May 1963 - written in Roman letters.

We sat spellbound when George opened the little wallet.’
Embedded in white cotton was a most beautiful golden coin
with the Pope’s head in profile on it. As I discovered later, it
was a new ecumenical coin, ready for sale but not yet on the
market, the impending Ecumenical Council having been
postponed due to the Pope’s illness. Weighing the coin in my
hand I felt sure it was of at least 18- if not 22-carat gold (my
father was a goldsmith). Two weeks later the coin was on sale
in European banks and I went to have a look at it. Its price was
between 300 and 400 Swiss francs. At the time of our visit to
Rome, Adamski could not have bought it even if he had had
the money, which he certainly did not, and, as in Basle, he had
never left our hotel without us and he had never entered a
shop.35



DI SUA SANTITA

DAL VATICANO. September 20, 196$
The Secretariat of State of His Holiness,
in acknowledging receipt of the recent letter
which Ronald Caswell addressed to His Eminence
Amleto Cardinal Cicognani, regretfully
communicates that It is not possible to
provide the information requested therein.

Fig. 9. A letter from the Vatican in response to a request by Ronald
Caswell for details of George Adamski’s private audience with Pope
John XXIII in May 1963. (Ronald Caswell)



Two days later the Pope died. Not surprisingly, there
has been no official confirmation of Adamski’s meeting.

Following an ambiguous response from the Vatican to
Ronald Caswell, one of Adamski’s British co-workers,
stating that they were unable to provide the required
information (see Fig. 9), I followed up with another
request. ‘With regard to the alleged private audience
granted by Pope John XXIII on 31 May 1963,’ I was
informed by an officer of the papal court, ‘I would assure
you that no such private audience ever took place.’36 I
received no response to my enquiry as to how Adamski
managed to obtain the coin.

Despite Lou Zinsstag’s misgivings about a number of
Adamski’s later claims, leading to her resignation as one
of his co-workers, she remained convinced for the rest of
her life that Adamski had been granted a papal audience.
‘I knew for certain that he was expected and received by
Pope John XXIII,’ she wrote, ‘which also made me
inclined to believe him when he told us of other secret
meetings in other important buildings, such as the White
House.’37

President John F. Kennedy

According to Madeleine Rodeffer, with whom he stayed
for the last few months of his life in 1965, Adamski had
at least one clandestine meeting with President John
Kennedy. She related to me how in May 1963 Kennedy
allegedly visited Adamski late one night at the Willard
Hotel, close to the White House. There is no substantiation 
for this claim, though it is a fact that
Adamski possessed a US Government Ordnance Department 
card which gave him access to all US military bases
and to certain restricted areas, and this might lend
support to his claim of having once visited the White
House privately. Lou Zinsstag was also given the story:

He told me that he had been entrusted with a written invitation
for President Kennedy to visit one of the space people’s huge
motherships at a secret airbase in Desert Hot Springs,
California, for a few days. In order to keep this visit absolutely
secret, Adamski was to take the invitation direct to the White
House through a side door ... where a man he knew was ready
to let him in. Adamski later learned that Kennedy had spent
several hours at the airbase after having cancelled an important
trip to New York, and that he had had a long talk with the
ship’s crew, but that he had not been invited for a flight.38

A Well-Connected Gentleman
That Adamski was well connected is supported by
others. Dr Jacques Vallee, for example, learned from a
man who hosted Adamski during his tour of Australia in
1959. that he was travelling with a passport bearing
special privileges.39

Also remarkable were Adamski’s manners. They
were, quite simply, those of an English gentleman,’ said
Lou Zinsstag, who recounted how a well-to-do couple in
Basle once invited her and Adamski to a formal dinner.

There was quite a collection of precious silver cutlery
beside each plate, indicating a dinner of four to five
courses. ‘We were astonished at Adamski’s accomplished 
table manners,’ the host told Lou afterwards.
‘He made use of his cutlery in the right way, without
hesitation, and he ate and drank like a true gentleman.

He could have accepted an invitation to Buckingham
Palace.’40

FURTHER ATTEMPTS TO SUBSTANTIATE THE CLAIMS

On several occasions, witnesses have substantiated some
of Adamski’s claims. On other occasions, he was less
successful in providing evidence. For example, he
reported that two scientists accompanied him on one of
his trips into space. ‘Both are scientists who hold high
positions,’ he wrote to Charlotte Blodget. ‘However, the
way things are nowadays with everything classified as
security, for the time being they must remain in the
shadow. When they believe that they can release the
substantiation they have without jeopardizing either the
national defense or themselves, they have said that they
will do so through the press.’41 Regrettably, the two
scientists have not come forward, and it is doubtful if
they are still living. Researcher Richard Ogden alleged
that his friend Dr David Turner was one of the
scientists.42 If so, he was backward in coming forward.

In the postscript to Inside the Space Ships, Adamski
wrote that on 24 April 1955 he was taken for a ride into
space, specifically to fulfil his request to take some
photographs inside the space ships. ‘We can guarantee
nothing for reasons which will be clear to you later,’ one
of his hosts told him, ‘but we shall try to get a picture of
our ship with you in it. This would be simple enough if
we could use our own method of photography, but that
would not serve your purpose. Our cameras and film are
entirely magnetic and you have no equipment on Earth
that could reproduce such pictures. So we must use
yours and see what we can get.’

Adamski had brought along a new Polaroid camera,
and explained its workings to his hosts. Orthon and
Adamski allegedly stood in the carrier ship, looking
through the very thick glass portholes - an estimated six-
foot gap lay between the outer and inner windows - while
a spaceman took photographs through a porthole of a
nearby scoutcraft. ‘From her ball top,’ Adamski reported,
‘she was throwing a beam of bright light upon the larger
craft. Sometimes this beam was very intense, and again
not so intense.’

As the photographs show, they were experimenting with the
amount of light necessary to show the mother ship and at the
same time penetrate through the portholes to catch Orthon and
myself behind them. While this was going on, radiation from
both the mother ship and the Scout had been cut to a
minimum. I learned later that the men had been obliged to put
some sort of filter over the camera and lens in order to protect
the film from the magnetic influences of the craft.


Fig. 10. A letter from Allen W. Dulles, Director of the CIA (1953-61),
to the Honorable Gordon H. Scherer, House of Representatives, 4
October 1955, regarding an allegation by Thomas Eickhoff of ‘mail
fraud’ perpetrated by George Adamski relating to his statement in
Inside the Space Ships of having on one occasion travelled aboard
extraterrestrial spacecraft with two scientists. Nonetheless, as revealed
in Beyond Top Secret, Dulles reportedly stated that he would prevent
anyone from testifying in court concerning Adamski’s book ‘because
maximum security exists concerning the subject of UFOs’. (CM)


When the scoutcraft returned, Adamski studied the
pictures. Although pleased, he cursed himself for not
bringing more film along, and his hosts were less than
satisfied with the results. While the four pictures (one of
which is reproduced in the plate section) purportedly
show the hull of the carrier craft (and one the edge of the
scoutcraft’s porthole) the faces peering through the
portholes are not clear. Nonetheless, I see no evidence of
photographic trickery.

The spacemen decided to attempt shots of the interior
of a small flight deck with two pilots sitting at the controls. 
‘But these two attempts failed, due to the greater
magnetic power in the carrier in comparison to that in
the Scout,’ Adamski explained. ‘Without some as yet
undeveloped filter system for our film, it is impossible to
get clear photographs within the space ships. When I
asked if a better camera with a finer lens might be more
successful, I was told that any appreciable improvement
was unlikely because of the type of film used.’43
In addition to the metal ‘slag’ given him by Orthon,
Adamski claimed to possess another sample of alien
alloy, which he had had analysed chemically:

When I first telephoned to ask the result, this man sounded
very excited. But when I saw him later in his laboratory, he . . .
tried to brush the whole thing off lightly. When he said it was
nothing that could not be picked up in any old scrapyard,
naturally I persisted in demanding an explicit statement of his
findings. He then admitted that there were ‘slight differences’
in composition from any usual alloy, but said that could have
happened by a variation in heating or some ‘slight accident’
which had gone unnoticed at the time, thereby making
duplication of the alloy improbable.44

In December 1958 Adamski claimed that a spaceman
picked him up by car from his delayed train near Kansas
City, Missouri, and drove him a short distance to a grove
of trees above which a craft was hovering. The method
of boarding was dramatically different from anything
hitherto, and is worth recording here because of the
similarity to descriptions provided in much later years by
some abductees and contactees:

I had the experience to be lifted up into the space craft while
the ship was hovering. It feels as if something is surrounding
you like a transparent or plastic curtain, yet you can’t touch it
and you don’t see it, and like a magnetic force it lifts you just
like an elevator into the ship. And they can do this from a
thousand miles away if they want, but usually it is only two to
three hundred feet. You can take baggage and everything with
you, as if you are standing on a platform, even though you
can’t see it. This only works in the open and the person being
lifted is visible the whole time.45

Once aboard, Adamski asked his friends if they would
lower the craft and land him during daylight so that
hundreds of people could witness the event, but it was
explained that although they themselves could escape
harm from our military, he would be arrested and held
incommunicado. Even if hundreds of people did see him
land and walk out of the ship they would quickly be
silenced. The landing in Davenport, Iowa, where
Adamski’s train was heading, was therefore reportedly
delayed until nightfall.46

MORE CLAIMS, MOUNTING DOUBTS
In 1960, according to Adamski, the US military exploded
a nuclear device in the Earth’s upper atmosphere. The
Russians had a similar idea, he told Lou Zinsstag, but
after the first American test the project was cancelled on
both sides, supposedly due to warnings from the space
people. (In actuality, the US Navy’s Project Prime Argus
exploded three such nuclear devices, in 1958.) Adamski
also claimed that the space people were involved in
neutralizing harmful radiation from our nuclear tests.

From one of their space laboratories in a mothership, green
balls are being sent out (they have been observed all over the
world). This is being done in order to counteract or neutralize
or even absorb concentrations of radiation created through our
bomb experiments.47




Fig. 11. A US Army Intelligence report, dated 13 January 1949,
relating to sightings above Los Alamos. (US Army)


Fig. 12. The beginning of a lengthy US Army Intelligence report,
dlted 18 February 1949, relating to a secret conference at Los
Alamos to discuss the ‘green fireballs’. (US Army)



I do not know about the frequency of sightings of
green balls’ in 1959, when Adamski made this statement, 
but I do know that from 1948 to 1950, at least,
there was a plethora of reports of ‘green fireballs’ -
particularly in the vicinity of nuclear test sites and
installations - and that these were the subject of secret
studies by military and scientific intelligence personnel,
as I have recounted in Beyond Top Secret (see also Figs.
11., 12). As an Army Intelligence memo from the period
reveals:

Agencies in New Mexico are greatly concerned over these
phenomena. They are of the opinion that some foreign power
is making ‘sensing shots’ with some super-stratosphere device
designed to be self-disintegrating.48

Adamski further claimed in 1959 that secret studies
were being conducted into various methods of cancelling
gravity. ‘They already have models for anti-gravity
propelled flying objects in disc form,’ he wrote, ‘but
none of these methods for application of a free kind of
energy must be revealed to the public, because such a
society in possession of these advanced methods would
soon escape from economic control.’
From 1960 onwards Adamski began warning his coworkers 
about a new and ‘foreign’ group of space
visitors. Though admitting that it was not easy for him
to guess their purpose nor to estimate their numbers, he
nonetheless speculated:

Who is to say that defense will not be needed? Since we are in
the process of evolving, people of other planets throughout the
Cosmos are likewise evolving. We are not the lowest in the
Cosmos! Beyond our solar system are whole systems whose
people have not progressed, socially, as far as we on Earth; yet
some of them have advanced beyond us scientifically, and do
have space ships.

While we were confined to our planet with the thought that
space was an empty void, we naturally were of little interest to
most outsiders. But now that we are sending rockets and
satellites into space we are attracting their attention and
natural curiosity, and this would cause them to investigate us.

Since we on Earth are warlike, with a history of wars, why
should we not suspect that people of lower evolution socially
would not be like us, or even more so? Because they live on
another planet and travel space as we are trying to do, this
certainly does not make them angels! And while they might not
try to attack the world as a whole at this time, our own space
ships just might need, one day, the protection which our
military-trained personnel could provide.

Much to the surprise of the sixties peace groups,
Adamski never acted as an apostle for peace and
disarmament. ‘He was no dreamer,’ wrote Lou Zinsstag,
‘and knew that the time for disarmament had not yet
come, and worse, that world-wide war preparations
were the most serious obstacle to the promotion of
contacts between space people and senior officials.’49
By the early 1960s, Adamski’s claims and philosophical 
treatises became increasingly esoteric; a
departure from his usual, down-to-earth self. ‘I must
confess, I became tired of Adamski’s articles on cosmic
philosophy,’ said Lou Zinsstag, until then one of his
staunchest co-workers. ‘They were moralizing and
indulgent, and often singularly pointless I thought.’50

Venus

During his alleged flight into space in August 1954,
Adamski described how scenes from the planet Venus
were shown to him, beamed directly in three-dimen-
sional form. ‘We have a certain type of projector that can
send out and stop beams at any distance desired,’
explained Orthon. ‘The stopping point serves as an
invisible screen where the pictures are concentrated with
colour and dimensional qualities intact.’ (The similarity
to what later became laser-produced holograms is
interesting.)

Adamski described ‘magnificent mountains’, some
topped with snow, others quite barren and rocky, and
some thickly timbered. ‘We have many lakes and seven
oceans,’ said Orthon, ‘all of which are connected by
waterways, both natural and artificial.’ Several Venusian
cities were shown, with people ‘going about their
business’. Conveyances, varying in size and patterned
somewhat after the mother ships, appeared to be gliding
along just above the ground. Next came a beach scene
beside a lake, complete with swimmers and ‘long, low
waves’. Animal life was shown, including horses and
cows, both slightly smaller than those of Earth but otherwise 
very similar. ‘This seemed to hold true of all animal
life on Venus,’ Adamski reported.

The constant cloudy atmosphere surrounding Venus
was explained as a contributing factor towards an
average life-span of 1,000 years. ‘When the Earth, too,
had such an atmosphere,’ explained Orthon, ‘man’s
years on your planet were correspondingly far greater
than now.’51
In Chapter 2, I alluded to the harsh atmospheric
environment of Venus, which precludes unprotected
human, animal or even vegetable life (the atmospheric
pressure alone is said to be about 90 times that of Earth).

It is of course possible - as with Adamski’s description
of the Moon - that the areas shown might have been
protected from the vicissitudes of the Venusian
atmosphere by some advanced means, but the fact
remains that the Venusians made no mention of such.

And in 1961 Adamski claimed to have made an actual
trip to Venus - a journey taking some 12 hours -
followed by a five-hour visit. His description of the
environment is equally fanciful:

The day was warm with the sun shining brightly through a
scattering of ‘mackerel’ cloud. The air was fresh and clean
smelling. I was told it had rained the day before ... While I had
done little walking, I noticed myself fatiguing . . . The atmospheric 
pressure on Venus, in the vicinity I was, could therefore
be compared to that of Earth’s atmospheric pressure at the
altitude and in a comparable location with Mexico City.52

In another (undated) report, Adamski went into
further fanciful details:

On Venus, as on Earth, 80% of the planet is covered with
water. The cloud cover that does not permit us to see the
surface of Venus is caused by constant evaporation of
moisture. This permits a large tropical area where fruits and
vegetables are plentiful. There are seasons when the rainfall is
very heavy. And in some sections a light rain falls each day . . .

Moreover, Adamski was told that the rotation period
of Venus is 23 hours (versus Earth’s 24 hours), whereas
in fact it is 243 daysl

The Saturn Report

Adamski’s most ludicrous claim at this time was his
supposed visit to the planet Saturn. In March 1962 his
co-workers received a copy of his report on the Trip to
the Twelve Counsellors’ Meeting of our Solar System’
that took place from 27 to 30 March that year. ‘The
[space] ship had come in on the 24th to one of our air
bases where a high official of the US Government had a
conference with the crew,’ wrote Adamski. ‘After the
conference, the craft was returning to its home planet
Saturn. The trip took nine hours, at a speed greater than
200. million m.p.h.’

Adamski’s follow-up explanations were received with
increasing scepticism by all but the most devoted coworkers. 
Lou Zinsstag regarded the Saturn story as a
‘personal mental experience’. Henk Hinfelaar, a New
Zealand co-worker, was equally doubtful. He reported
that shortly after release of the Saturn report, ‘many
things began to happen which gave rise to doubts, and
evidence began to pile up indicating that a great change
was taking place as far as George Adamski was concerned 
... he alone can resolve it. Until he does there is
no alternative but to by-pass him as a source of
information.’

Hinfelaar and Zinsstag came to the conclusion that
Adamski had ‘got into the wrong hands’. He himself had
admitted that he was now dealing with a ‘new set of
boys’, as he put it. Lou elaborated:

Either, we reasoned, his ‘new set of boys’ was an extremely
clever fake organization, a group of secret agents (not
necessarily governmental), trained experts in mind control and
hypnosis, or else George was dealing with a new group of space
people who were deliberately feeding him false information in
order to confuse an issue which had been established by the
earlier, friendlier group. Why not? ‘They are no angels’,
George had said.53

DECEPTION

Author John Keel is convinced that all contactees were
lied to by the ‘ufonauts’, this being ‘part of the
bewildering smoke screen which they have established to
cover up their real origin, purpose, and motivation’.54

Before full blame is put on alien deception, consideration
must be given to the fact that Adamski himself sometimes 
deceived. In October 1962, for example, a silly
letter was sent to the co-workers, purportedly written by
one of his space contacts, in English but with transparently 
fake ‘alien’ symbols added, stating: ‘You are
doing good work. George Adamski is the only one on
Earth that we support.’ The letter was written by
Adamski himself, sent from a post office box number
rented for him by a friend, Martha Ulrich. This was the
final straw for many of Adamski’s supporters. ‘Adamski
himself is pulling down his original image,’ wrote Roy
Russell, an Australian co-worker.55 It is also relevant
that Adamski’s 1964 Science of Life Study Course,
which he claimed contained information and philosophy
revealed to him by the ‘space brothers’, was, in fact, a
rewrite of his first book, Wisdom of the Masters of the
Far East, published in 1936 by the ‘Royal Order of
Tibet’.56

Former contactee Ray Stanford claims that in 1958, as
a devoted 15-year-old follower of Adamski, he was
visiting Palomar Terraces with his brother Rex one
morning when Adamski started reminiscing:
. . . during the Prohibition I had the [Royal] Order of Tibet. It
was a front. Listen, I was able to make the wine. You know,
we’re supposed to have the religious ceremonies; we make the
wine for them, and the authorities can’t interfere with our
religion. Hell, I made enough wine for half of Southern
California. In fact, boys, I was the biggest bootlegger around
... If it hadn’t been for that man Roosevelt, I wouldn’t have
[had] to get into all this saucer crap.57

While I am inclined to believe that Adamski may have
established the monastery of the Royal Order of Tibet to
allow him to make wine in large quantities, I do not
believe it was Prohibition that led him ‘to get into all this
saucer crap’. If he did say as much, I would attribute the
comment to his sometimes earthy sense of humour. Even
some of Adamski’s most vociferous critics concede that
he was a man totally dedicated to his mission and his
philosophy. Stanford himself found Adamski to be a
likeable man. ‘I also saw a gentle, benign, artistic side to
him,’ he said. ‘He showed us many paintings he had
done that were quite good.’ Stanford furthermore
believes that .there is much in favour of Adamski’s
original contact claim.58

Although negative evidence from Carol Honey is often
cited by Adamski’s detractors as conclusive proof of
Adamski’s charlatanism, the positive evidence is
invariably overlooked. In 1979, Honey wrote:

In Adamski’s own words he did not ‘go off the beam’ until
many years after his original contacts. Because I am interested
only in the truth I told Adamski many times that I would
support only that which had been proven to be true . . .

Adamski turned over to me many manuscripts, most of his
library and nearly all of his original files. For several years
every word Adamski published came through my typewriter.

His unpublished manuscripts remain unpublished because in
my opinion they were ‘off the beam’ and not compatible with
what I knew to be the truth . . .

On various occasions, Adamski produced photographs,
artifacts, recordings, laboratory reports, etc., which I
examined closely. None was ever revealed to the public or
press, so far as I am aware; yet all were more convincing than
those things he did release. He claimed he was told not to
‘reveal them until the proper time’. If he was fraudulent in all
his claims, why didn’t he reveal this stronger material? What
happened to these items when he died?

George Adamski met men from other planets [and] his
photographs were genuine . . . later, after his contacts had
ended, he misled the public rather than admit that the initial
phases of the ‘program’ were over.59

A PIONEER OF SPACE

In 1949, a science-fiction book by ‘Professor George
Adamski’ was published privately. Entitled Pioneers of
Space: A Trip to the Moon, Mars and Venus, it was
ghost-written by Lucy McGinnis and printed in a limited
edition. In this book are striking similarities to Inside the
Space Ships (1956), especially in Adamski’s descriptions
of ‘Venetians, Martonians [s/c] and Saturnians’, though
the majority of the descriptions in the earlier book bear
little or no similarity to those appearing in the later one.

Yet, for many, Pioneers of Space is a damning indictment 
of the later book. Interestingly, in the foreword,
Adamski pointed out that: ‘While this is at present in the
field of fiction, the advance of science is so rapid that it
will not be long before all this will become a reality.’
In Pioneers, for instance, is a remarkable resemblance
to his 1953 description of the Moon:

We find ... a belt-like section extending as far as we can see
around the Moon that has a natural growth of trees and
vegetation [and] we see a small lake.60

Likewise, his comparison of extraterrestrial lifespans
conforms with the later book:
this man looks to us to be around seventy years of age. Later
we learn that he is one hundred and ninety61 . . . On Mars the
span of life is from five hundred to one thousand years.62

It is in its graphic accounts of Venus and the
‘Venetians’ that Pioneers comes closest to his later
descriptions:

They tell us they have nine oceans, many lakes and rivers,
majestic, towering mountains and very beautiful woodlands ...
[their cars] seem to be gliding right over the surface of the
ground63.. . Breathing at first was somewhat difficult since the
air is so light but we are able to quickly adjust ourselves . . .64

In appearance they look more like men out of a dream than
humans like ourselves . . . their hands are long and slender,
rather delicate in structure . . . the women are far greater in
beauty and expression65 . .. We feel as though they are looking
right through us and can actually read our minds. We have
been told they are experts in the field of mental telepathy.66

Though it is obvious that Adamski embellished his
later accounts with material probably drawn from
Pioneers, there could be a less simplistic, if more
incredible, explanation. In company with abductees
decades later, Adamski claimed privately to have been
contacted by extraterrestrials as a child, and to have
received instruction from them in Tibet by way of
preparation for his mission in later life. Publicly,
Adamski made no such claims, though he hinted at
having had ‘mental’ contact prior to the Desert Center
encounter. ‘Speaking of visitors from other planets,’ he
wrote to a correspondent in early 1952, ‘in the physical
I have not contacted any of them, but since you have
read Pioneers of Space you can see how I get my
information about these people and their homelands.’67

In 1958 Adamski is reported to have made an
interesting statement to Ray Stanford which has been
interpreted as an admission of fraud. ‘Ray, listen,’ he
said, ‘I did not ever have to go out into space to know
about the spaceships. Hell, I knew about the spaceships
and what was in ’em years ago ... Pioneers of Space will
tell you everything, just like Inside the Space Ships. All I
did was project my consciousness to the beings out there
and I could see them and know what was in their
ships.’68

Does this necessarily mean that Adamski lied about all
his ‘actual’ trips into space? I think not. Assuming that is
precisely what he said, he does not deny having made such
trips; he seemed to be implying rather that it simply was
not absolutely necessary for him. Secondly, apart from
those similarities already discussed, Inside the Space Ships
is a very different book, full of much more richly detailed
descriptions. Thirdly, those with whom I have spoken
who knew Adamski well over many years told me that he
remained adamant about actually having been inside the
spaceships.

I asked Lucy McGinnis, Adamski’s secretary for many
years (until she ‘defected’ in the early 1960s), how she
reconciled the two books. ‘I have often wondered about
that,’ she replied thoughtfully. ‘The first book was
definitely written as fiction, and it might have been his
way of breaking into the subject. He might have known
something more -1 don’t know. It never bothered me to
the extent that I made an issue of it because, you see, I
could have made an issue of it if I hadn’t seen those
ships.’
In addition to having witnessed the Desert Center
contact, Lucy had another sighting of a craft - similar in
configuration to the classic ‘scout’ - which she saw at
Palomar Terraces several years later. As she related to
me:

I was in my room lying down one afternoon. I don’t know
what date it was, but for some reason I got up and went out.

As I got out the door, I looked up, and here was this great big
saucer-like thing. I was amazed. As I looked up I could see
through it. It was two stories; you could see the steps where
they would go up and down. I don’t remember how many
people I saw, but they were moving around. It seemed to me
they had kind of ski-suits, fastened around the ankle . . . Then
suddenly it started just drifting away.

I also asked Lucy for her opinion as to why Adamski
had begun telling such ridiculous stories in the early
1960.s. She replied that his oversized ego was to blame,
and offered her belief that the original group of extraterrestrials 
had left him for just that reason. She also felt
that he was simply lying about the trips to Saturn and
Venus by way of bolstering his ego, which had become
seriously deflated when the original group left him.69

Although this explanation is convincing, it still falls
short of answering all the questions about this complex
man and his even more complex claims.

An important clue to the Adamski mystery was
provided for me by a friend whom I first met in 1952,
and for whose integrity I can vouch. This person, whom
I shall call Joelle, claimed that in 1963 she met the same,
or a similar group of extraterrestrials that Adamski
knew, through a series of fortuitous circumstances (see
Chapter 12). According to what Joelle was told by the
visitors, Adamski was indeed selected and contacted by
this certain group of extraterrestrials, but at an early
stage he disclosed some secret information with which
he had been entrusted, and it therefore became necessary
for them to feed him with false information which would
discredit him, thereby protecting their own interests.

Exactly what this disinformation was, I do not know,
but I can say that it began to make its appearance in
Inside the Space Ships. Joelle told me that Adamski’s
account of the Desert Center contact, as described in
Flying Saucers Have Landed, is essentially true. Joelle’s
contacts confirmed that Adamski had indeed been on
board their craft, but they would not say where they had
taken him. They were equally reluctant to reveal their
origin, other than saying that they had bases within our
solar system, including on Earth. It was not made clear
to what extent Adamski was aware of the disinformation 
that he disseminated.

Carol Honey told me that on one occasion Adamski
had indeed betrayed such a confidence.70 Assuming his
earlier contacts were genuine, the pressures on him must
have been great. ‘My heart is a graveyard of secrets,’ he
once told Lou Zinsstag.

Desmond Leslie, seeking to rehabilitate his friend,
invokes an esoteric explanation to account for the
‘Venusians’, ‘Martians’, ‘Saturnians’, et al. The
‘brothers’, he says, are able to ‘materialize’ in our
environment but their own planets are on a ‘higher
vibratory frequency’ than ours, hence life as we know it
has not been discovered in our solar system.71 I do not
reject the hypothesis: however, apart from the fact that
the ‘brothers’ do not necessarily originate in our solar
system (as even Adamski stated privately, according to
Carol Honey,72 and which is implied in the information
given to Joelle), there is another point that can be
overlooked.

Leslie cites Paramahansa Yogananda, the great yogi
teacher, and discusses the extraordinary feats attributed
to highly advanced avatars and masters said to be living
on Earth who can levitate, render themselves invisible,
project their images across vast distances, walk through
walls, etc.73 But this in no way alters the fact that these
remarkable people are still flesh-and-blood human
beings, albeit highly advanced physically, mentally and
spiritually. It is my conviction that many extraterrestrials, 
too, are capable of these and other fantastic
feats: indeed, in this respect I see little difference between
highly evolved human beings said to live on this planet
and those from any other. Adamski once told Leslie that
we could not visit advanced civilizations on other
planets ‘in our present bodily condition’. I believe there
is much truth in this statement, but not for exclusively
esoteric reasons.

When Leslie asked about the solidity of the space
people, Adamski, in alluding to his initial contact with
Orthon, replied: ‘Those guys were no goddam spooks.

The pilot scratched his hand on the rim when he grabbed
my arm to save it from being torn off by the force field
and I tell you it bled red blood, just like you or me.’ 74
On other occasions, Adamski would emphasize the
point. ‘Why would a spook need a spaceship?’ he liked
to ask.

Assuming that there are no thriving indigenous
civilizations within our solar system, there is no reason
why temporary or even permanent bases could not be
maintained on some planets and their satellites, even on
Earth, by beings from other solar systems. Adamski was
the first to state that the aliens had secret bases on our
planet, known to a select few in the military and
intelligence community. I have uncovered much evidence
for this allegation during my investigations.

PERSONAL ENCOUNTERS

The closest I came to meeting George Adamski was in
November 1963, during my first tour of the United
States with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. Because
Los Angeles was on the itinerary I was determined to
take a bus to his home in Vista. In the event, the bus
schedule did not coincide with mine, and I had to
abandon the idea. Yet a curious incident occurred en
route to Los Angeles which left a deep and lasting
impression on me.

On 13 November we left Tucson, Arizona, for the
500.-mile ride to Los Angeles, in a convoy of three buses.

About halfway there, near the Arizona/California
border, we stopped at a roadside restaurant. Sitting at a
table with some colleagues, casually surveying the
customers waiting in line, my attention was drawn to an
extraordinary-looking girl, with blond bobbed hair,
delicate pale features and a petite figure. (Later, I was
reminded of Adamski’s description of Kalna, with her
‘almost transparent skin’.)75

Adamski was the first to proclaim that some people
from other planets were actually living and working
among us - illegal aliens, as it were - and stated that his
contacts often took place in the anonymous surroundings 
of restaurants and hotel lobbies. Having
spoken with a number of other witnesses who had
related similar encounters, I decided to make an attempt
at telepathic communication with this unknown girl,
and transmitted the question: ‘Are you from another
planet?’

There was no immediate response, but as she left the
queue she made a point of walking past my table,
pausing to give me a gracious smile and an actual bow of
acknowledgement before proceeding to another part of
the restaurant with a ‘dead-pan’ expression on her face.

Although I cannot remember the precise location of
the restaurant I do recall that one of the highway signs
nearby indicated Desert Center, by coincidence not far
from the site of Adamski’s initial encounter.

Four years later I had another such experience while in
the United States. In February 1967 I was in New York
City for a series of concerts with the London Symphony
Orchestra at the Carnegie Hall. One afternoon I decided,
as an experiment, to attempt some further telepathic
communication in the lobby of the Park-Sheraton Hotel,
now the Omni Park Central, at 56th Street on Seventh
Avenue, where we were staying. I had just returned from
my first meeting with Madeleine Rodeffer in
Washington, DC. Madeleine had told me that she had
encounters with the ‘space people’, and that these most
often took place in public places. I resolved to try and
settle the matter once and for all. Settling back on a sofa
in the lobby I transmitted a telepathic request, which
went something like this: ‘If any of you people from
elsewhere are in the New York vicinity, please come and
sit down right next to me and prove it.’

New York is, of course, a busy city, and a hotel lobby
seems the most incongruous of venues to conduct such
an experiment. Many people (a few of them strange, if
terrestrial) came and went during the ensuing half-hour
or so. Suddenly a man entered the lobby whose
demeanour put me on alert. Dressed in a charcoal-grey
suit with a white shirt and dark tie, he could have passed
for a businessman from Madison Avenue. He was five
feet ten inches tall, with curly fair hair, a tanned
complexion, and perfectly proportioned features, and he
appeared to me to be about 35 years of age. He came and
sat down beside me. From an attache case he took out a
copy of the New York Times. Unfolding this he began to
turn the pages over in a rather deliberate and superficial
manner. After he had refolded the paper I felt the time
had come to ask him telepathically if he really was from
another planet, and if so, would he please identify
himself by placing his right index finger on the right side
of his nose. The response was immediate and dramatic,
for no sooner had I transmitted the thought than he did
precisely that!

Sitting dumbfounded, I wondered what on earth the
next move would be. I attempted more telepathy, but
nothing else happened. Perhaps I should have engaged
him in conversation but, being British (clearly a drawback 
to interplanetary communications), I had reservations 
about such an approach. Also, I felt that if my
expectations were well founded, it should be he and not
I who would initiate any such conversation.

We both sat silently for a few minutes. Then he stood
up and walked over to some display windows behind
and to my right, about 15 feet away. Observing him
surreptitiously, I noticed that he appeared to be taking
little interest in the merchandise displayed there, and
after a few more minutes he gave me a long, penetrating
look, then turned and walked out into Seventh Avenue.

I never saw him again.

Of course, it can logically be argued that this
experience, like the one in 1963, was coincidental.

Telepathy often is commonplace, as people who pick up
the unspoken thoughts of a companion often know. For
instance, Dr Dennis Ross, a physicist at Iowa State
University, told me that he and his brother had communicated 
telepathically with one another until the age
of 12. Perhaps, then, this man in New York was merely
a receptive mortal who picked up my thoughts and
responded accordingly. I am the first to accept the
plausibility of this hypothesis, yet there was something
oddly distinctive about him which I cannot erase.

As far as I am concerned the experiment was a success.

It is not the sort of experiment that would meet with the
approval of radio astronomers. I believe that it was
intended as personal proof and encouragement for me,
and, as such, was of no value to others. In any event, it
had a cathartic effect on me.

In my estimation, the evidence, taken as a whole,
suggests that, although some of George Adamski’s
claims were exaggerated, preposterous, or the result of
disinformation by his contacts, many are sensible and
verifiable. I take the view that his reported encounters
with spacecraft and their operators were fundamentally
accurately reported as to basic data, but were
embellished both by Adamski and by friends and
supporters to the extent that they later assumed mythical
qualities. We need to re-evaluate not only his claims, but
those of others claiming contact with quasi-human
beings from other worlds, lest, in throwing out the
proverbial baby with the bath-water, potentially
important data may be lost to analysis. Apart from my
own prejudices, I feel it is important to re-emphasize that
a great deal of what Adamski spoke and wrote about the
‘space people’ and their technologies is now, on the
verge of the twenty-first century, more plausible and
more scientifically relevant than it was some 40 years
ago.

------------------------------------------------
Notes
1.	Adamski, George, Inside the Space Ships, Arco Spearman,
London, 1956, p. 67.
2.	Glenn, Lieutenant Colonel John H., ‘My Day of Miracles’,
The Astronauts Book, Panther Books, London, 1966.
3.	Komarov, Vladimir, Feoktistov, Konstantin, and Yegorov,
Boris, ‘24 Hours in Space’, The Astronauts Book.
4.	Interview with the author, London, 24 November 1996.
5.	Adamski, op. cit., pp. 71-2.
6.	Ibid., pp. 82-3.
7.	Ibid., pp. 110-12.
8.	Ibid., pp. 116-18.
9.	Ibid., pp. 130-4, 138.
10.	Ibid., p. 136.
11.	Ibid., pp. 143-4.
12.	Wilford, John Noble, We Reach the Moon, Bantam, New
York, 1969, p. 23.
13.	Adamski, op. cit., p. 144.
14.	Ibid., pp. 203-5.
15.	Leslie, Desmond, and Adamski, George, Flying Saucers
Have Landed, revised edition, Neville Spearman, London,
1970.,	pp. 260-1.
16.	Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Farewell, Abelard-
Schuman, London, 1961, pp. 156-7.
17.	Wilford, op. cit., p. 21.
18.	Letter to the author from John McLeaish, NASA, Manned
Spacecraft Center, Houston, 20 May 1970.
19.	Interview with the author, London, 24 November 1996.
20.	Steckling, Fred, Why Are They Here?, Vantage, New York,
1969.
21. Fouere, Rene, ‘Adamski’s Last Chance: Will the Moon
Vindicate Him?’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 10, no. 5,
September-October 1964, pp. 27-9.
22.	Ibid., p. 27.
23.	United Press International (UPI), Houston, 16 October
1971.
24.	Taylor, John W. R., Aircraft Seventy, Ian Allan,
Shepperton, Middlesex, 1970.
25.	Knowlton, Brian, ‘Frozen Water Found on the Moon,
Reviving a Dream’, International Herald Tribune, London,
4.	December 1996.
26.	Edwards, Frank, Flying Saucers - Serious Business, Lyle
Stuart, New York, 1966, pp. 39-40.
27.	Ibid., pp. 41-3.
28.	Petersen, Hans C., Report from Europe, Scandinavian
UFO Information (SUFOI), Jylland, Denmark, 1964, p.
102.
29.	Corso, Col. Philip J.,with Birnes, William J., The Day After
Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London, 1997, pp.
128.-9.
30.	Ibid., pp. 125-6.
31.	Adamski, Flying Saucers Farewell, pp. 151-6.
32.	Interview with the author, Ontario, California, 19
November 1979.
33.	Petersen, op. cit., pp. 131-2.
34.	Letter from George Adamski to his co-workers, 5 April
1960.
35.	Zinsstag, Lou, and Good, Timothy, George Adamski: The
Untold Story, Ceti Publications, Beckenham, Kent, 1983,
pp. 61-3 (out of print).
36.	Letter to the author from Monsignor G. Coppa, Secretariat
of State, The Vatican, 14 May 1977.
37.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., p. 63.
38.	Ibid., pp. 63-4.
39.	Vallee, Jacques, Messengers of Deception: UFO Contacts
and Cults, And/Or Press, Berkeley, California, 1979, p.
203.
40.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., p. 25.
41.	Adamski, Inside the Space Ships, p. 14.
42.	Saucer Smear, ed. James Moseley, vol. 29, no. 10, 10
December 1982, p. 5.
43.	Adamski, Inside the Space Ships, pp. 222-6.
44.	Ibid., p. 16.
45.	Petersen, op. cit., p. 104.
46.	Letter from Lucy McGinnis to Major Donald Keyhoe, 20
July 1959.
47.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., pp. 95-6.
48.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp.
320.-6.
49.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., pp. 95-7.
50.	Ibid., pp. 67-71.
51.	Adamski, Inside the Space Ships, pp. 212-15.
52.	Report from Adamski to his co-workers, 31 March 1961.
53.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., pp. 67-71.
54.	Keel, John A., Operation Trojan Horse, Souvenir Press,
London, 1971, p. 213.
55.	Zinsstag and Good, op. cit., pp. 72-5.
56.	Ibid., p. 191.
57.	Clark, Jerome, ‘Startling New Evidence in the Pascagoula
and Adamski Abductions’, UFO Report, vol. 6, no. 2,
August 1978, p. 72.
58.	Ibid., pp. 74, 76.
59.	Letter from Carol A. Honey, published in Fate, vol. 32, no.
3.	(?), February 1979, pp. 113-15.
60.	Adamski, George, Pioneers of Space: A Trip to the Moon,
Mars and Venus, Leonard-Freefield Co., Los Angeles,
1949., p. 14.
61.	Ibid., p. 31.
62.	Ibid., p. 81.
63.	Ibid., p. 221.
64.	Ibid., p. 203.
65.	Ibid., p. 115.
66.	Ibid., p. 207.
67.	Letter to Emma Martinelli from George Adamski, 16
January 1952.
68.	Clark, op. cit., p. 72.
69.	Interview with the author, Escondido, California, 20
November 1979.
70.	Letter to the author from Carol Honey, 24 July 1979.
71.	Leslie, Desmond, ‘Commentary on George Adamski’, in
Flying Saucers Have Landed by Desmond Leslie and
George Adamski, revised edition, Neville Spearman,
London, 1970.
72.	Interview with the author, 19 November 1979.
73.	Yogananda, Paramahansa, Autobiography of a Yogi, Self-
Realization Fellowship, Los Angeles, 1946; revised 1951.
74.	Leslie, op. cit., p. 250.
75.	Adamski, Inside the Space Ships, p. 56.

Note: Inside the Space Ships has now been republished,
combining Adamski’s section from Flying Saucers Have
Landed. In addition to some of Adamski’s books on
philosophy, tapes of his lectures and photographs, it is
available from the GAF International/Adamski
Foundation, PO Box 1722, Vista, California 92085.


=========================================================
Chapter 8. FROM THE BENIGN TO THE BRISTLY

We have stacks of reports of flying saucers. We have to take
them seriously when you consider we have lost many men and
planes trying to intercept them.

Thus stated General Benjamin Chidlaw, Commanding
General of Air Defense Command, in conversation with
researcher Robert Gardner in 1953.1

In previous books I have alluded to some disturbing
cases involving missing aircraft and pilots, including one
which took place in the vicinity of Soo Locks, Michigan,
on 23 November 1953, when an F-89C Scorpion jet was
scrambled to intercept an unknown target, confirmed on
radar by an Air Defense Command ground-control
intercept (GCI) controller. As the interceptor
approached the target, the two blips, of the F-89 and the
UFO on the GCI radarscope merged into one, as if they
had collided. For a moment a single blip remained on the
scope but then disappeared. No trace of wreckage or the
missing crew was ever found.2

In the previous chapter, I cited the claim by George
Adamski that he had been consulted in 1956 by the Air
Force regarding a jet which had landed by itself - minus
pilots. While researching material for this book, I came
across an equally outlandish story, from a reputable
source, which in some respects compares well with both
of the cases cited above.

On an unspecified date in June 1953, Sergeant
Clarence O. Dargie was working in the operations centre
at Otis Air Force Base, Massachusetts, when radar
detected a UFO, and a jet was scrambled to intercept. As
the plane levelled off at 1,500 feet, all systems on the
aircraft suddenly failed. ‘That was nearly impossible,’
said Dargie, ‘because each system [with the exception of
the engine(s)] had a separate power source. If one source
stopped working, the rest would continue to operate.

But for some strange reason, all the systems were out.’
As the plane started to nose-dive, the pilot ordered his
navigator to eject. Normal procedure in such a situation
was for the navigator to pull the first lever which ejected
the canopy and then a second lever for his seat ejection.

On hearing the second ejection explosion, the pilot
would then pull his own lever to eject himself from the
cockpit. Because a crash was imminent, the pilot ejected
after he heard the first explosion, taking a risk of
colliding with the navigator. In this case, when the pilot
ejected and landed in the back yard of a Cape Cod
resident some moments later, no trace of either the
aircraft or the navigator was found. The resident, said
Dargie, did not report hearing any crash or even seeing a
jet. ‘After three months of intensive search the government 
never did find any trace of the plane or the
navigator,’ Dargie claimed. ‘If the plane had crashed
there would have been an explosion. There was none,
not a trace of it at all. Both the UFO and plane
disappeared from the radar scope.’3

A CONTACT IN MEXICO

Between 17 and 20 August 1953, Mexican taxi-driver
Salvador Villanueva was hired by two Texan tourists to
drive them from Mexico City to the border of Texas.

After about 60 miles, they had just passed Ciudad
Valleys when the car ground to a halt. Oil had
apparently leaked from the differential and it was
obvious the car would go no further. The Texans angrily
unloaded their baggage, hired another cab and drove off
without paying.

Villanueva tried unsuccessfully to flag down a car for
help. Reluctantly he decided to stay with his car for the
night and seek help in the morning. It began to rain. At
about 18.00 he crawled under the car to look at the
damage again, and it was while in the prone position
that he became aware of two pairs of feet. From what he
could see of them, both feet and legs seemed normal,
except that they were enclosed in what looked like a
seamless grey corduroy. Scrambling up, Villanueva
found himself confronted by a couple of pleasant-
looking men, about four feet six inches in height.

Because many Mexicans are short Villanueva was not
unduly alarmed.

Both men were dressed in a one-piece grey garment
and a wide perforated shiny belt. Around their necks
were metal collars with what looked like small black
shiny boxes on the back of their necks. The men carried
helmets under their arms similar to those worn by jet-
pilots or American football players. Villanueva assumed
that they were pilots who had landed nearby. The men
continued smiling. One of them opened a conversation
by asking Villanueva if he was in trouble. The taxi-driver
replied in the affirmative, explaining what had
happened. The ‘pilot’ smiled sympathetically, then made
small talk. It was at this point that Villanueva realized
that the man had a peculiar accent, as though he were
stringing words together. His companion said nothing
but occasionally made expressions indicating that he
understood. ‘Doesn’t your friend speak Spanish?’ asked
Villanueva.

‘No, but he is able to understand you,’ came the reply.

It began to rain again, so Villanueva invited the men
to shelter in his car, where the conversation was
continued. It was confirmed that the men were indeed
pilots.

‘Is your plane near here?’ asked Villanueva.
‘Not very far.’
‘Where are you from, if I might ask?’
‘We have come from very far.’

By nightfall Villanueva felt there was something very
strange about these men. In his conversation the
spokesman betrayed that he knew far too much for an
ordinary man, not only about this world but about
others too. So around dawn, Villanueva asked if they
really were aviators from our world. ‘No,’ came the
reply. ‘We are not of this planet. We come from one far
distant, but we know much about your world.’
Villanueva was incredulous, believing they were
teasing him; he even accused them of such at one point.

After sunrise, the men said they had to leave and asked
the taxi-driver if he would like to accompany them to
their craft. Expecting to see a conventional aeroplane,
Villanueva followed them as they led him for about half
a kilometre through a swampy area. Although he was
sometimes sinking to his knees in muddy pools, he was
astonished to notice that the men in front of him did not
sink at all. ‘When their grey-clad feet touched muddy
pools,’ reported investigator Desmond Leslie, ‘the mud
sprang away from them as if repelled by some invisible
force. No dirt ever seemed to come in contact with them
and they remained unspotted although his own boots
were by now caked in mud.’
Villanueva also noticed that each time they-walked
over the muddy pools, their perforated belts glowed. He
hesitated nervously, but the aviators turned round and
smiled encouragingly.

The Craft

Suddenly, in a clearing, Villanueva caught sight of a
large shiny craft, unlike anything he had ever seen. As
Leslie wrote:

In form it had the shape of two huge soup plates joined at the
rim. Above it was a shallow dome with portholes. The entire
structure, about 40 feet across, rested on three giant metal
spheres or landing balls. Unless this was some secret invention
from the United States, it was surely a ship from another world.

As they approached, a faint humming came from within the
craft and a portion of the lower hull opened outwards, much
in the manner of the rear entrance to a Martin 404 airliner, so
that the inner side of the panel formed a staircase to the craft
and the supporting cables became handrails. The two men
went up the short flight of steps, pausing on the top to turn and
look at their earthly companion.

‘Would you care to come inside with us?’ they asked.

Fearing that he would not see his family again,
Villanueva shook his head, turned, then ran for his life.

Back on the road, he watched as the craft lifted off the
ground.

Something glowing white rose slowly into view, hovering for a
moment, then gaining speed it began a kind of pendulum
motion, a backwards and forwards arcing movement, like a
falling leaf going up instead of down. It attained an altitude of
several hundred feet by this method; then, glowing brighter,
shot up vertically with incredible speed. In seconds it was lost
from sight. Only a faint swishing sound marked its passage.

When he finally reached his home in Mexico City,
Villanueva told no one except his wife about the
experience. Fortunately, she believed him.

‘The Key’

Desmond Leslie visited Salvador Villanueva in Mexico
in November 1955 and came away with a very good
impression of his character. ‘I found him quiet, unassuming, 
[and] well-mannered,’ he reported. ‘He gave
me every impression of being a trustworthy, reliable
human being, the kind you would trust to take your
jewelry to a bank or to look after your children if
suddenly called away. I liked him very much, and I
thoroughly believe his story ... All who have investigated 
him have come to the same conclusion. He related
and re-enacted the story to his examiners without
change or contradiction.’

Villanueva did not believe his visitors were from
Venus, he told Leslie. ‘He had the impression from their
talk, though they did not name any planet, that they had
come from somewhere much farther than Venus, maybe
from worlds beyond our vision entirely.’

Desmond Leslie claims to have been given (by George
Adamski, I believe) what is known as ‘the Key’. ‘By this,’
he explained, ‘I mean that every man who has received a
true and physical contact with men from other worlds
has been given a certain “Key” whereby it shall be
known that he is speaking truly. No man . . . could ever
stumble upon this key by guess or chance; least of all a
simple countryman. Unless Villanueva had spoken to a
spaceman in truth he could not have known it. Possibly
I am the only “layman” to hold it. It is the “Key” which
all falsely claiming contacts through vain or neurotic
reasons fail to give. Villanueva gave it without
hesitation.’4

A VERY CLOSE ENCOUNTER

In the spring of 1954, a huge craft was observed at very
close quarters near Bruyeres, in the department of
Vosges, northeastern France. The incident occurred one
afternoon towards the end of April in a sparsely
inhabited forest area at Bois-de-Champ.

Roger Mougeolle and Gilbert Doridant were engaged
in logging when suddenly they heard a loud noise ‘like
the sound of a train passing over a metal bridge’, a
precursor sound reported in a number of such cases,
followed by silence. Then three huge, cigar-shaped
objects came into view. ‘Two passed over in total silence
but the third, equally silently, slowly descended over the
clearing where the two men were,’ reported Joel
Mesnard, who interviewed Mougeolle.

Its surface was quite smooth, devoid of any structural
appendages or protuberances, and its general aspect was
metallic and its colour grey. Its size was absolutely enormous.

Over 200 metres long, Mougeolle thought, and perhaps 80 or
100. metres wide and equally high, though he thought the
height was a bit less than the width. The monster came to a halt
with its base just a few tens of centimetres from the ground.

Terrified, Doridant fled, and never again entered that
part of the forest. Mougeolle, however, convinced that
this was a conventional airship, stepped forward boldly
until he was right underneath it. Then he put up his hand
and actually touched the craft, which felt smooth and
cold, like steel. To see what would happen, he struck the
craft with the flat of his axe (Fig. 13). It made a dull
sound, ‘such as you get when you strike a great piece of
steel’, but instantly Mougeolle was hurled a distance of
six metres or so.


Fig. 13. ‘Just to see what would happen’, Roger Mougeolle bashed
the craft with his axe, as his partner fled. He was instantly hurled six
metres and lay paralysed until the craft took off.
(Joel Mesnard/Lumieres Dans La Nuit)


‘Lying where he had been thrown, against the foot of
a rock, Mougeolle found himself unable to move,’
related Mesnard. ‘What had hurled him was no blast of
air or anything like that, but something totally unknown
to him, something that seemed to act uniformly upon
every part of his body. And now, as he lay there, he
realized that what was keeping him pinned down was
the monster itself . . .’
The huge craft remained in this position for a few
minutes, almost blocking out Mougeolle’s vision, then it
Fig. 14. A sketch by Dr H. Percy Wilkins of the flying saucers he
observed on 11 June 1954.
lifted and disappeared. Fortunately, the witness suffered
no ill effects from his exceptionally close encounter.5


AERIAL ENCOUNTERS

The distinguished British astronomer, Dr H. Percy
Wilkins, was on a lecture tour of the United States on 11
June 1954 when he caught sight of two strange aerial
objects from the window at his seat on a Convair airliner
flying from Charleston, West Virginia, to Atlanta,
Georgia. The incident occurred at 10.45.
... my attention was caught by two brilliant, oval, sharp-edged
objects apparently suspended or hovering above the tops of two
particularly lofty cumulus masses of cloud, the sides of which
were shadowed and at an estimated distance of two miles.

These two objects were of a yellow colour like polished brass or
gold, and, quite apart from their colour, were very much
brighter than the sunlit clouds on the other side of the aircraft.

They looked like metal plates reflecting the sunlight, and were
in slow motion northwards [see Fig. 14] . . . Suddenly a third
and precisely similar oval object was seen against the shadowed
side of the cloud, but this object was dull and greyish,
presumably because it was not in the sunshine. While the two
brilliant objects continued their slow motion, the third one
began to move with accelerated velocity; it described a curve,
and vanished behind another and nearer cloud mass. The whole
display was visible for nearly two minutes, but the grey object
completed its rapid motion in less than five seconds after it
began to move.6

On landing in Atlanta, Dr Wilkins told reporters that he
had seen three flying saucers, whose diameter he estimated
at about 50 feet.7 ‘One thing is certain,’ he wrote, ‘if they
are solid objects, capable of moving in any desired direction 
and at any desired speed, then they must have been
devised, and are operated and controlled, by intelligences
superior to man.’8
Less than three weeks later, at midday on 1 July 1954,
Griffiss Air Force Base in New York State picked up a
radar return from a craft approaching the base. No
aircraft should have been in the area. A Lockheed F-94
Starfire all-weather interceptor was scrambled 'and
vectored to the unknown target by the ground control
intercept (GCI) controller. The radar intercept operator
in the rear seat kept his eyes on the ‘blip’ on his own
radarscope.

Within minutes of take-off, the pilot observed the
UFO visually: a shining, disc-shaped object hovering
several thousand feet above the F-94. Opening the
throttle, the pilot headed for the target as the radar
officer radioed the unknown craft for its identification.

Suddenly, the jet’s engine cut out. As journalist Frank
Edwards dramatically described the scene:
... at that instant the cockpit of the plane became a veritable
hell-hole. The pilot noted that the instruments showed no fire
-	but he told fellow airmen later that it was like a blast from a
blowtorch right in his face. He started to report to Base but
realized that he did not have time . . . instead, he yelled at the
radarman to bail out. A few seconds later he felt the thump as
the other man left the stricken jet. Half blinded and gasping,
the pilot blew himself out of the jet and got a fleeting glimpse
of the UFO as he went out on his back. The thing was huge and
circular . . .

Both pilot and radar operator parachuted safely,
landing near Walesville, New York. Unfortunately, their
jet crashed into an automobile and two houses, killing
two adults and their two children, and injuring a few
others.910

At variance with these accounts is the Air Force
version, which states that the incident actually took
place on 2 July. There were reports which the Air Force
received on 1 July of a UFO having the appearance of a
balloon. On the following day an F-94C on a routine
training mission was sent to investigate an unknown aircraft 
at 10,000 feet (which was identified) and another
unknown aircraft apparently coming in to land at
Griffiss AFB. At this point, ‘the cockpit temperature
increased abruptly... the fire warning light was on [and]
both crew members ejected successfully’. There is no
mention of a UFO, as such, in this instance.11

Major Donald Keyhoe claimed that the dazed pilot
spoke briefly to a reporter who had arrived on the scene,
but Air Force officials turned up before he could tell the
whole story, and further interviews were prohibited. The
incident was classified ‘Secret’. Both Keyhoe and
Edwards remained convinced that the incident occurred
as it was described to them by their sources.12

A BENIGN ENCOUNTER IN NORWAY

On 20 August 1954, two well-educated sisters, 24-year-
old Edith Jacobsen and 32-year-old Asta Solvang,
claimed to have met an extraordinary man and his flying
machine near their home town of Mosjoen in northern
Norway.

It was a sunny afternoon and the women were picking
berries. Suddenly they saw a man in the distance whom
they assumed at first to be another berry picker. ‘We
walked towards him and wondered who he was,’
recounted Edith Jacobsen.

As we got near him he smiled and stretched out his hand. I, too,
smiled and held out my hand, but he only brushed my palm
with his. Then he began to talk, but we didn’t understand a
word. It didn’t resemble any language I had heard [or] studied.

The stranger’s language was very soft and melodious. It seemed
to have few consonants and no gutturals at all.

When we gathered that the man must be a foreigner from
some distant country we took a closer look at him. He was of
medium height, had pleasant, regular features and long hair
with a natural wave. He was rather dark. We didn’t notice the
colour of his eyes, but I believe they were slightly oblique. His
hands were beautiful and expressive, with fine long fingers;
rather like the hands I imagined a fine pianist would have. He
wore no rings.

He was clothed in a kind of overall, but as he wore a broad
belt it could have been trousers and a blouse. The blouse fitted
closely at the neck, but was otherwise loose. I could not see any
buttons, zippers or fastenings. We didn’t notice how he was
shod.

What impressed the women particularly was the
genuine friendliness the stranger emanated, giving them
a sense of security. When it became evident that they did
not understand each other, the man produced what they
‘took for granted’ to be paper and pencil and drew some
circles, pointing out over the moor and then at the
sisters, then pointing at himself and another drawn
circle. ‘I had at once the impression that he wanted to tell
us something about the solar system,’ said Jacobsen, ‘but
perhaps I was mistaken.’
The man then motioned to the sisters to follow him
and turned and walked out along the fen. They followed,
and not far away saw a curious contraption parked on
the ground.

It was grey-blue and looked like two giant pot-lids placed
together. It was about 10 feet in diameter and about 4 1/2 feet in
height. Because the man was still so calm and convincingly
friendly we were still not afraid, even though we thought this a
very curious thing to find in the wilds. We approached the
thing, but he made a sign that we were not to come too close.

He then opened a kind of hatch on the top of the ‘rim’ which
encircled the thing, crawled in and shut himself in.

Presently, we heard a faint humming, like the droning of a
large bumble-bee, and the curious vessel rose slowly while
rotating on its own axis. Then, and only then, did all I had read
about flying saucers come to my mind. When the saucer
reached about 100 feet it hovered for a moment and then
started rotating very fast. Finally it rose at tremendous speed
and disappeared.

The sisters agreed not to discuss the incident with
anyone, but eventually Asta told her husband and the
story spread around the community. A reporter asked to
be taken to the site of the landing. No traces were found.

Subsequently, the women were ridiculed and harassed.
‘The whole thing is so fantastic that I can readily understand 
why people who have known me all my life refuse
to believe me,’ said Edith Jacobsen. Finn Norstrom, who
interviewed the sisters, found no discrepancies in their
accounts.13 Other journalists confirmed that all the
people they spoke with in the town of Mosjoen found it
difficult to believe that the sisters would have invented
such a story.14

It is of course possible that, owing to its remarkable
similarity to George Adamski’s description of his
‘Venusian’ in Flying Saucers Have Landed, the sisters
could have invented their story; however, as Gordon
Creighton pointed out, although many features in their
account of the pilot are identical with those described by
Adamski, ‘when they come to describe the UFO it is not
Adamski’s [but] a contraption “like two giant pot-lids
placed together” \15

ANGELIC ALIENS

It was about 16.45 on 21 October 1954, a beautiful, if
cold and frosty day. Jessie Roestenburg’s husband
Anthony was at work for the Staffordshire County
Education Department, her two sons were still at school,
and she was at home at Vicarage Farm Cottage in
Ranton, Staffordshire, with her little girl and the dog.
‘I took my little girl out for a walk, as usual,’ Jessie
recalled. ‘I had to light the fire so I could make the
evening meal. (We had no running water or electricity
and it was hard going.) I started to get washed and
changed in the outhouse, when I heard this noise - a sort
of hiss like when a blacksmith puts hot iron into water
but much louder ... I thought it was a plane crashing.’
I was worried because the boys hadn’t got home from school
as they should have done by then. I went out to see what was
happening and to my amazement they were lying flat out on
the ground. They shouted to me: ‘Mummy, there’s a flying
saucer!’ I said what any mother would say: ‘Don’t be silly!’ But
they were as white as sheets so I could see there was something
wrong.

Then I found I wasn’t in control of myself. I walked up to the
water pump in the garden and turned round, but it was as
though somebody else was making me do it. I wanted to look^
at the boys and ask them if they were all right, but I couldn’t.

Then I saw, suspended in the air, a massive disc - bright silver
and shaped like a Mexican hat. In the middle was a tubular
light going round very slowly. It had a dome, like glass, and
inside it were two beings looking down at us. They were the
most beautiful people I have seen, but they weren’t human.

Their foreheads were large in proportion to the rest of their
faces and they had long golden hair. I could only see them from
the chest upwards, and they were wearing what looked like
vivid blue polo-neck jumpers and what looked like fish bowls
over their heads.

The craft was hovering at a tilted angle. Jessie
Roestenburg recalls that although the figures looked like
women, she felt sure they were men. They gazed down at
the witnesses with a seemingly stern, though compassionate 
expression. ‘I couldn’t move. I was absolutely
paralysed. I wasn’t frightened at that stage but I was
mesmerized. It seemed to last for ages but it could only
be for a few minutes. I felt all the tension go from me and
I felt a sense of peace I have never felt since.’
I	asked the boys if they had seen the same thing and they said
yes. We ran into the field to see if we could still see it and I
thought it had gone but one of the boys said: ‘Look, there it is.’
It circled the cottage and then shot up vertically and
disappeared.

By now we were scared to death. We went into the cottage
where I locked all the doors and hid under the table until my
husband came home.

When Tony Roestenburg arrived home, Jessie told
him what had happened. ‘I could see he didn’t believe
me. He questioned the boys separately and decided to
report it to the police. The whole of Ranton had never
seen so many policemen. We had people from all over
the place - newspapers, the lot.’
Jessie’s health began to deteriorate. ‘I went to see my
doctor, who had read about what happened,’ she said,
‘but he just thought I was round the twist. I insisted on
seeing a psychiatrist and he said: “There is nothing
wrong with your mind but you do need to go to
hospital.” He took me himself and they did a blood
count. [It] was so low they couldn’t understand how I
was still alive. They said they wouldn’t be surprised if I
was suffering from radiation sickness. For a while, I was
in a terrible mess but gradually I got better.’
Having met Jessie Roestenburg on a number of
occasions and discussed her case at length, I am convinced 
of her honesty. She still retains a sense of awe and
wonder about the incident. ‘To this day I don’t know
what they were,’ she told reporter Neil Thomas in 1996.
‘I don’t believe they wanted to do us any harm. They are
far more intelligent than we are. We must have looked a
pitiful sight, standing there next to a water pump while
they were in a space ship.’1617

LONG-HAIRED INTERLOPERS

In Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, an
agricultural engineer and his family were taking a drive
on 10 November 1954 when they saw a landed disc, from
which alighted two normal-sized men with long hair and
dressed in overall-like clothing. They approached the car
with their arms held above their heads. The engineer’s
wife and daughter were so frightened that they insisted on
fleeing the scene. As they looked back, they watched the
men board their craft and take off at a tremendous
speed.18

One month later, on 9 December, Olmira da Costa e
Rosa was cultivating his crops at Linha Bela Vista, two
and a half miles from Venancio Aires - also in Rio
Grande do Sul - when he heard something ‘like a sewing
machine’, as animals in a nearby field panicked. Looking
up, he saw a strange-looking man. Further away,
hovering just above the ground, was an object shaped
like an explorer’s hat and enveloped in a smoky haze.

There were two other men, one in the craft, his head and
shoulders sticking out, the other examining a barbed-
wire fence. Costa e Rosa dropped his hoe in shock. The
stranger nearest him raised his hand, smiled and picked
up the hoe, which he examined carefully before handing
it back. Then the man bent down, uprooted some plants,
joined the others and walked back to the craft.

Costa e Rosa stood as though paralysed, but to assure
himself that these strangers meant no harm, he
approached the craft. Although the man who had
examined the hoe and the man in the craft made no
move to stop him, the one who had been studying the
fence made a gesture indicating that he should halt. He
did so. Some of the farmer’s animals then approached
the strangers, who looked at them with great interest.
‘With words and gestures the farmer tried to tell them he
would be happy to make a gift of one of his animals,’
reported investigator Coral Lorenzen. ‘The strangers
didn’t seem enthused about the offer.’ Suddenly the
spacemen trooped into their craft, which (as so often)
lifted off slowly at first then accelerated away at fantastic
speed.

The farmer, who was practically illiterate and knew
nothing about flying saucers, provided a detailed
description of the visitors (whom he believed to be
simply aviators from another country), as reported by
Lorenzen:

They appeared to be of medium height, broad-shouldered,
with long blond hair which blew in the wind. With their
extremely pale skin and slanted eyes they were not normal
looking by Earth standards. Their clothing consisted of light
brown coverall-like garments fastened to their shoes. Afterward 
Costa e Rosa said the shoes seemed especially strange
because they had no heels.

When the craft had gone, Costa e Rosa searched the
ground under which it had hovered, but found nothing.

However, a smell ‘like burning coal’ permeated the air for
some time afterwards. Two days later, Pedro Morais,
who lived less than a mile from Costa e Rosa, also saw an
object making a sound like a sewing machine, oscillating
as it hovered. Nearby could be seen two humanoid
figures. Angered by the trespass, he headed in their
direction. One of the humanoids came running towards
him as the other gestured that he should come no closer,
then uprooted a tobacco plant. Morais ignored the
warning, but there were no repercussions. The beings,
who seemed to be enveloped in a kind of yellow-coloured
‘sack’, obscuring facial details, returned to their craft and
took off.19

In commenting on the close similarity between Costa
e Rosa’s spacemen and George Adamski’s ‘Venusian’,
Gordon Creighton wrote: ‘Honesty requires that this
case, and the other Latin American cases of “longhaired” 
men, be very carefully investigated. It does not
seem that this has been done.’20
HAIRY DWARFS
The year 1954 also saw a proliferation of reports of
‘hairy dwarfs’ associated with landed craft. One interesting 
report from the United States, unearthed a few years
ago by Jean Sider, was given to the French Catholic
newspaper La Croix by an anonymous source, believed
by the newspaper to be reliable. In his statement, the
unnamed American technician described the incidents -
which were alleged to have occurred in the vicinity of a
military helicopter base in October of that year - as
follows:

One day, as I was just finishing my work, I saw in the distance
an unknown object [which then came closer and landed
nearby]. It resembled the classic saucer. A human-looking being
emerged from it, picked up some pebbles, earth and grass, and
took a nest from a bush. Then the strange being went back into
its vehicle and disappeared within a few seconds. The personnel
at the base had not been able to intervene, because it all
happened so quickly . . .

A few days later, a saucer landed in the middle of the airfield.

As on the previous occasion, its pilot emerged from it and leant
over it as if he wanted to check it. . . We hastened toward the
saucer [and] were a few metres away from the stranger when
he straightened up, saw us, and immobilized us with an
unknown fluid [gas?]. Then, after watching us for a moment,
he walked around the saucer, climbed into a kind of ‘cigar’
which had parked next to the saucer, and took off vertically.
[Then] we recovered our freedom of movement.

The saucer remained on the ground. We didn’t know what
to do, still having the image of the fleeing being in mind. It was
of a small size, very stocky, with an ape-like appearance. Its
body or clothes were covered with long hair. Of its face, we
were able to observe only extremely sharp and brilliant-
looking eyes. But - the saucer was right there in front of us.

What could it contain? Our engineers decided to investigate it
on the field.

We noticed right away that the saucer had been closed
hermetically: there was practically no opening. It had a dome
and portholes but no visible engine. It rested on three legs
which were attached to little ‘skis’. We had to use a welding-
torch in order to cut out the door, which caused problems,
[because] the unknown metal, which formed the exterior shell
of the saucer, was extremely smooth, resistant, and couldn’t be
raised either by stamping or adjustment. Our chemical
engineers analysed a fragment of it: they found a very heavy
alloy of gold, lead and iron. But . . . they were incapable of
reconstructing the alloy, considering the proportions analysed.

The interior of the saucer was upholstered entirely with a
sort of fibre, resembling rubber. A fairly heavy gas filled two-
thirds of the object: an artificial atmosphere? Fuel? Above the
portholes were some ‘throttles’, but we couldn’t make
anything out of them. Also, we couldn’t find any engine. It
seems that the pilot had been traveling ‘on all fours’ on the
floor: we found sort of ‘suction pads’ where the ‘hands’ and
‘knees’ would have been. But in each of these we discovered six
imprints . . .

This is what I witnessed with a few of my colleagues .. . The
American authorities ordered a ‘black out’ on the affair, which
hadn’t yet ‘filtered’ out to US newspapers . . . Need it be
mentioned that we were profoundly affected by everything we
had seen, and will never be able to forget it?21

The American engineer’s observation of ‘suction
caps’, which led him to believe that the pilot had been
travelling ‘on all fours’, as well as the description of the
hermetically sealed door, provides remarkable
corroboration for the 1943 report by Daniel Leger, who
claimed that the female pilot he encountered boarded
her craft via a panel in an apparently seamless hull, then
assumed a stretched position ‘on all fours’ inside the
cabin (see Chapter 1). As Jean Sider confirms, Leger had
no knowledge at all of the American incident.22

Venezuela
The most dramatic encounters with hairy dwarfs in
1954. were reported from Venezuela.

At 02.00 on 28 November, Gustavo Gonzalez and
Jose Ponce were driving in a panel truck in the suburbs
of Caracas when they encountered a luminous sphere,
eight to ten feet in diameter, which hovered about six
feet above the road, blocking their passage. The men got
out of their truck to investigate and a dwarf-like creature
came towards them. With the intention of taking it to a
nearby police station (!), Gonzalez grabbed the dwarf,
whereupon he noticed that it was incredibly light (about
35. pounds), extremely hard, and covered with stiff,
bristly hair. It gave Gonzalez a push, throwing him for
about 15 feet. As two other entities emerged from bushes
carrying chunks of dirt or rock, and entered the sphere,
Ponce ran to the police station. Meanwhile, the creature
who had pushed Gonzalez headed towards him once
again, with eyes glowing and claws extended. Panicking,
Gonzalez took out his knife and stabbed its shoulder.

The knife glanced off as though it had struck steel. Then
another hairy dwarf emerged from the sphere and
beamed a ray of light at Gonzalez from a hand-held tube,
blinding him momentarily. Finally, the creatures climbed
into the sphere and rapidly took off.

Gonzalez staggered to the police station, where he
joined Ponce. The police initially thought the two men
were drunk, but examination proved otherwise.

Gonzalez suffered a long red scratch on his side, where
the creature had clawed him. Both men were given
sedatives.23

On the night of 10 December, two youths, Lorenzo
Flores and Jesus Gomez, who had been rabbit hunting
near the Trans-Andean Highway between Chico and
Cerro de las Tres Torres, encountered a bright object
some distance off the highway which at first they took to
be a car. As they approached, however, it appeared like
two huge washbowls placed one on top of the other,
hovering a few feet above the ground. The object was
about nine feet in diameter, with ‘fire’ emitting from the
bottom. Flores described what followed:

Then we saw four little men coming out of it. They were
approximately three feet tall. When they realized we were there
the four of them got Jesus and tried to drag him toward the
thing. I could do nothing but take my shotgun, which was
unloaded, and strike at one of them. The gun seemed to have
struck rock or something harder, as it broke into two pieces.

We could see no [facial] details, as it was dark, but what we
did notice was the abundant hair on their bodies and their
great strength.

Gomez, who apparently had become unconscious
during the episode, was unable to recall much. Neither
of the youths saw the object leave, for as soon as Gomez
regained consciousness they both ran to the highway and
stopped a car. Seeing their scratches and bruises, and
shirts torn to shreds, the driver rushed them to the
nearest police station. Police investigators, doctors and
psychiatrists found the youths to be ‘sane and
responsible’.24

On 16 December, Jesus Paz and two friends were
returning from dining in San Carlos, when Paz asked the
driver to stop while he went into the bushes to relieve
himself. Suddenly a piercing scream was heard by the
men in the car. Rushing into the bushes, they found Paz
lying unconscious. A short distance away, a small hairy
man was running towards a flat, shiny object hovering
just above the ground. One of the men, Luis Mejia, a
member of the National Guard, reached for his gun, but
realizing that he had left it at the barracks he picked up
a stone and threw it at the object - to no avail. The craft
took off with a ‘deafening buzzing sound’.

In a state of shock, Paz was rushed to the San Carlos
hospital, where he was found to have several long, deep
scratches on one side and along his spine, ‘as if he had
been clawed by a wild animal’.25

On that same day, President Dwight Eisenhower was
quoted as having stated at a press conference that a
trusted Air Force official had told him that the notion
that flying saucers came ‘from any outside planet or any
other place’ was ‘completely inaccurate’.26

One of the doctors who had examined Flores and
Gomez (described in the second report) admitted later
that he had actually witnessed the incident in the
suburbs of Caracas on 28 November. Out on a night call
at the time, he had been in the same street where
Gonzalez and Ponce had stopped their truck. He stayed
only long enough to see what happened, he said, but
then left, concerned about undesirable publicity. In an
official statement prepared for the Venezuelan
authorities, the doctor confirmed the incident, though he
stipulated that his name should not be associated with
the story. Following the statement, the doctor was
invited to Washington, DC, to discuss the matter with
‘American authorities’.27 President Eisenhower’s
statement notwithstanding, some officials took the
subject seriously.

THE MICHELIN MEN

Returning from the cinema one evening in May 1955 in
Dinan, Cotes-du-Nord, France, Monsieur Droguet was
about to lock the door leading to one of the courtyards
of the girls’ college, where he lived on the premises, when
he was temporarily blinded by a bluish-green beam of
light. He became extremely frightened; his knees
knocked and his hair literally stood up.

Droguet discerned an enormous circular object, hanging 
motionless at a height of about 1.5 metres above the
courtyard. He could hear no sound, though he was
aware of a constant ‘vibration’. The witness then became
aware of two beings close to the machine, who
apparently had not noticed him (see Fig. 15). Growing
even more frightened, Droguet tried to escape, but found
himself glued to the spot. The beings were dressed in a
type of metallic one-piece grey suit, which somewhat
resembled the suit worn by the little man in the famous
Michelin tyre advertisement. The witness was unable to
see the beings’ heads, enclosed as they were in bulky
helmets. Their hands were covered with gloves of a kind.

Fig. 15. (J.-L. Bortcoeur/Lumieres Dans La Nuit)

On the abdomen, each being had a black box with many
leads coming out of it. One of the beings was picking up
something from the ground - probably pebbles - while
the other one inspected the surroundings. Droguet had
the feeling that someone was watching him from inside
the machine.

The two beings walked towards their craft, on the
underside of which was a dark hole with a metallic
ladder hanging down. No more than 1.6 metres in
height, the beings walked with obvious difficulty, ‘like
divers with their leaden soles’ - an observation
corroborated in other cases. As investigator J. Cresson
continues in his report on the case:

Just as they were entering the craft, M. Droguet distinctly
heard a metallic sound emanating from their feet as they trod.

When they had entered the craft, the ladder was drawn in and
there was a sound like the intake of air. He felt a displacement
of the air, a sensation of suction. The machine, still lit up, rose
vertically to above treetop height, without any sound. He was
now able to see the black hole in the centre of the underpart of
the craft, and to perceive that [it] was circular. The craft was
rotating very rapidly, but the black hole did not seem to be
moving. When the machine had reached treetop height, its
lights went out.

On recovering mobility, the witness ran to his
quarters. He told only his wife and a few trusted friends
what had happened. On learning about the encounter,
the headmistress of the girls’ college advised M. Droguet
not to let the affair become known, to avoid a
‘scandal’.28

There were further reports of the ‘Michelin men’ in
France in 1954. Had these been reported exclusively in
France, there might be reason to suspect a publicity
stunt, but the Michelin men have been observed in other
countries - and well beyond 1954.

THE KELLY SPACE CREATURES

It was a hot night on 21 August 1955. Shortly after
23.00, Cecil ‘Lucky’ Sutton and members of his family
and other witnesses rushed in two cars to the police
station at Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where he told Police
Chief Russell Greenwell that they had just escaped from
an invasion by at least 'one creature which had landed in
a spaceship at the Sutton home near Kelly, seven miles
away. ‘For God’s sake, chief, get us some help,’ pleaded
Sutton, ‘we’ve been fighting ’em for four hours.’
According to the family, a visitor to the Sutton farm,
Billy Ray Taylor, had been getting water from the well in
the back yard earlier that evening when he noticed a
coloured light streak across the sky and descend into the
trees along a ravine about a quarter of a mile away.

Shortly afterwards, Sutton’s mother, Glennie Lankford,
saw a creature with very long arms and talon hands
raised in the air approaching the back of the house.

Sutton and Taylor armed themselves with a .22 rifle and
a 20-gauge shotgun and fired a shot at one of the
creatures, which flipped backwards then seemed to rise
up and ‘float’ into the underbrush.

The siege continued throughout the night, as the
‘luminous’ creatures repeatedly approached the house
(with arms raised) and were driven back by gunfire, a
total of about 50 rounds expended. When one creature
was shot at extremely close range, the pellets sounded as
if they had hit a metal bucket. At one stage, Taylor was
tapped on the head by the talon of one of the creatures
which was perched on the roof of the house.

The creatures appeared to be made of a silvery metal,
and were described as three and a half feet tall, with
oversized heads and large, floppy, pointed ears. Their
eyes were large, glowing yellow, and set halfway
between the front and side of the head. They had wide,
thin mouths (which never opened). Their legs were
spindly and inflexible; in fact, the creatures seemed to
propel themselves more with their arms.

Within minutes of Sutton’s plea for help, local police,
state police, a deputy sheriff, newspaper staff, an Army
reservist from nearby Fort Campbell, and others arrived
on the scene. There was little physical evidence at the
site, beyond empty shotgun cartridges, a hole in the
screen through which one of the shots had been fired,
and a strange luminous patch on the ground near the
fence from which one of the creatures fell after it was
shot. After the police and all the others had left the
house, not long after 02.00, there were further sporadic
sightings of the weird creatures until about 04.45.

In all, seven adults and three children - all of whom
were found credible by the police and most of the other
investigators - witnessed these incredible events. The
case is listed as ‘Unidentified’ in the Air Force’s Project
Blue Book files.29 30
In a chapter about unidentified flying objects in a text
of the United States Air Force Academy’s Department of
Physics, Introductory Space Science, author Major
Donald Carpenter points out some of the dangers faced
by aliens contacting or trying to establish contact with
human beings:

Let me point out that in very ancient times, possible
extraterrestrials may have been treated as Gods, but in the last
two thousand years the evidence is that any possible aliens have
been ripped apart by mobs, shot and shot at, physically
assaulted (in South America there is a well-documented case),
and in general treated with fear and aggression. In Ireland about
1000. ajy, supposed airships were treated as ‘demon-ships’. In
Lyons, France, ‘admitted’ space travellers were killed. More
recently, on 24 July 1957, Russian anti-aircraft batteries on the
[Kirile] Islands opened fire on UFOs. Although all Soviet antiaircraft 
batteries on the Islands were in action, no hits were
made. The UFOs were luminous and moved very fast. We too
have fired on UFOs . . .

Major Carpenter confirms that a US Air Force F-86
fighter also tried to shoot down a flying saucer.31 The
Kelly incident, in particular, he wrote, supported the
contention that ‘humans are dangerous’. ‘At no time in
the story did the supposed aliens shoot back,’ he
remarked, ‘although one is left with the impression that
the described creatures were having fun scaring
humans . . ,’32


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, p.
337.
2.	Ibid., p. 339.
3.	Gribble, Bob, ‘Looking Back’, MUFON UFO Journal, no.
242., June 1988, p. 20.
4.	Leslie, Desmond, ‘Mexican Taxi Driver Meets Saucer
Crew!’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 2, no. 2, March-April
1956., pp. 8-11.
5.	Mesnard, Joel, ‘The “Steel Airship” at Bois-de-Champ’,
Lumieres Dans La Nuit, nos. 275/6, May-June 1987,
translated by Gordon Creighton and published in Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 32, no. 5, November 1987, pp. 16-17.
6.	Wilkins, H. Percy, Ph.D., Mysteries of Time and Space,
Frederick Muller, London, 1955, pp. 40-1.
7.	Edwards, Frank, Flying Saucers - Serious Business, Lyle
Stuart, New York, 1966, p. 47.
8.	Wilkins, op. cit., p. 44.
9.	Edwards, op. cit., pp. 56-7.
10.	Key hoe, Maj. Donald E., Aliens from Space: The Real
Story of Unidentified Flying Objects, Panther, St Albans,
Herts., 1975, p. 35.
11.	Thayer, Gordon D., ‘Optical and Radar Analyses of Field
Cases’, Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, ed.
Dr Edward U. Condon, Bantam, New York, 1969, p. 161.
12.	Keyhoe, op. cit., p.35.
13.	‘Spaceman Lands in Norway?5, Flying Saucer Review, vol.
1., no. 4, September-October 1955, pp. 6-7, reprinted
from the Norwegian magazine NA (‘Now’).
14.	Lidstr0m, Anton, ‘UFO Report from Norway: A
Norwegian Close Encounter of the Third Kind: Mosj0en
1954.’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 34, no. 2, March-April
1989., pp. 3-4.
15.	Creighton, Gordon, comment in Lidstrom, op. cit., p. 7.
16.	Thomas, Neil, ‘Close encounter with outer space: Jessica
Roestenburg, face to face with aliens’, Staffordshire
Newsletter, Stafford, 30 August 1996.
17.	Personal communications with the author.
18.	Lorenzen, Coral E., The Great Flying Saucer Hoax: The
UFO Facts and Their Interpretation, William-Frederick,
New York, 1962, p. 42.
19.	Ibid., pp. 46-8.
20.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘The Humanoids in Latin America’, in
Charles Bowen (ed.), The Humanoids, Neville Spearman,
London, 1969, p. 95.
21.	Le Rouergue Repuhlicain, 7/8 November 1954, p. 4.
22.	Sider, Jean, Ultra Top-Secret: Ces ovnis qui font peur, Axis
Mundi, 20220 Ile-Rousse, France, 1990.
23.	Lorenzen, op. cit., pp. 52-4.
24.	Ibid., pp. 51-2.
25.	Ibid., pp. 50-2.
26.	New York Times, 16 December 1954, pp. 1, 24, 26
27.	Lorenzen, op. cit., pp. 53-4.
28.	Cresson, J., ‘Spectacular Landing at Dinan’, Lumieres
Dans La Nuit, no. 106, June 1970, translated by Gordon
Creighton and published in Flying Saucer Review Case
Histories, supplement no. 1, October 1970, pp. 13-14.
29.	Brown, Jennifer P., ‘World won’t let community forget
Kelly space creatures’, Kentucky New Era, Hopkinsville,
Kentucky, 30 0ctober 1995.
30.	Clark, Jerome, The UFO Encyclopedia, vol. II,
Omnigraphics, Penebscot Building, Detroit, Michigan
48226., 1992, pp. 214-15.
31.	See Good, op. cit., pp. 336-7. Original report cited by
Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt in The Report on Unidentified
Flying Objects, Doubleday, New York, 1956, pp. 2-5.
32.	Carpenter, Maj. Donald J., ‘Unidentified Flying Objects’,
Introductory Space Science, vol. II, Department of Physics,
United States Air Force Academy, 1968, pp. 462-3.


=========================================================
Chapter 9. ALIEN FANTASIA?

There, sitting on a rock by the brook, was the most exquisite
woman my young eyes had ever beheld! The warm sunlight
caught the highlights of her long golden hair as it cascaded
around her face and shoulders. The curves of her lovely body
were delicately contoured - revealed through the translucent
material of clothing which reminded me of the habit of
skiers . . . She seemed to radiate and glow as she sat on the
rock, and I wondered if it were due to the unusual quality of
the material she wore, which had a shimmering, shiny texture
not unlike but far surpassing the sheen of nylon. The clothing
had no buttons, fasteners or seams I could discern. She wore no
make-up, which would have been unnecessary to the fragile
transparency of her Camellia-like skin . . .*

Thus wrote Howard Menger, describing his first
claimed encounter with an extraterrestrial, in High
Bridge, New Jersey, in 1932, when he was but 10 years
old. Menger, who rose to prominence as a charismatic
contactee in the late 1950s, has been widely dismissed as
a charlatan who simply jumped on the bandwagon in the
wake of publicity following George Adamski’s stories.

For me, this is too dismissive a judgement. As with
Adamski, I am unable to reject arbitrarily all of Menger’s
claimed experiences, though I believe some of them to be
delusional.

The lovely lady explained to Menger that she had
‘come a long way’ to see him, because she and her people
had been observing him, and that she had known him for
a ‘long, long time’. ‘We are contacting our own,’ she
added cryptically, implying perhaps that Menger had
been linked with her people in the past. She impressed on
the pubescent youngster that though he would not
understand much of what she told him, he would begin
to do so later in his life.

Menger had no idea who she was or where she came
from: he knew nothing about extraterrestrials, even
though already he had had several sightings of peculiar
flying discs, including one that landed briefly, mostly in
the company of his brother. In any event, no spacecraft
could be seen nearby). After giving further information to
Menger about his figure role in life, to include meetings
with others of her people, the lady asked the boy to leave
first. He simply walked slowly away from the scene,
pausing to look back at her as she sat smiling on the
rock.2

FURTHER EARLY ENCOUNTERS

Howard Menger’s second self-reported encounter with
an extraterrestrial being occurred in 1942, while he was
serving in the US Army in an armour division near El
Paso, Texas. He was wandering through the nearby
Mexican town of Ciudad Juarez one night when a taxi
pulled over to the kerb and the driver pointed to a man
sitting in the back seat.

The man had long blond hair which hung over his
shoulders, and suntanned skin. Taller and heavier than
the average Mexican, he spoke in English with a slight
Mexican accent, inviting Menger to get inside the cab
with him as he needed to talk to him. Menger declined,
but later wondered if he had made a mistake. Could this
man have been one of the ‘others’ referred to by the lady
on the rock?

Some time later, while posted in military service at
Camp Cook, California, Menger was greeted by a uniformed 
man who initially addressed him telepathically,
then verbally, confirming that he knew about both the
earlier encounters with his people. In appearance, the
man was rather unusual, said Menger:

He was a fine looking man. Although there was something
definitely unusual about him, he could have passed - and did -
for an ordinary GI. The singularity of the man probably was not
because of the finely chiseled features and the luminous, almost
liquid quality of his eyes, but in the communication I felt. I could
sense that the man was kind, wise, emotionally and spiritually
developed beyond anyone I had ever met. Although a kind of
reserve he wore as if a part of him set him apart from an ordinary
person, I somehow accepted with no surprise the emergence of
an underplayed, yet natural sense of humor . . .

In referring to the Juarez contact with one of his
people, the spaceman began by saying that he fully
understood Menger’s reluctance to get inside the cab
with such a man (‘We told him he should cut his hair’!).

He also appreciated the fact that Army regulations
encouraged caution in such areas and that Juarez was
hardly the best place for an interplanetary meeting.

The stranger went on to explain that his people had
established contact with humans in Mexico many
centuries earlier.

Long before the time of the Conquistadores, we made contact
with the Aztecs. We helped these people in many ways, and it
is too bad the conquerors came in war instead of good will and
friendship; for there were many things the Aztecs could have
taught them. Instead, they withheld these secrets, and these
perished with the civilization.

Some of these secrets supposedly related to the use of
sound and light to produce power and run machinery. A
number of the space people came from a planet (which
he did not name) to contact ‘remnants of his own people
still living on Earth, descendants of an ancient race
which originally came here from his own planet’.

The spaceman told Menger that his Army unit would
soon be moved to Hawaii, and that he would be put on
detached service with special duties which would give
him more free time for ‘certain tasks’ he was to perform,
and where he would have yet another contact. These
events, as it transpired, came to pass.3

In Hawaii, Menger became a battalion topographical
draughtsman. Later, he told me, he was transferred by
regimental headquarters and put on detached service
working with Naval Intelligence and his Army battalion
on various top-secret inventions.4 On ‘impulse’ one
evening, he borrowed a jeep and headed for a cavern
area several miles away from the battalion headquarters,
where he encountered yet another gorgeous girl from
elsewhere.

She was dressed in a sort of flowing outfit of pastel shades.

Under a kind of flowing tunic, translucent and pinkish, she
wore loosely fitted pajama-type pantaloons. She stood about
five feet six inches, with the dark, wavy hair falling over her
shoulders and the tunic floating gracefully around the shapely
contour of her body . . . this girl, too, exuded the same
expression of spiritual love and deep understanding. Standing
in her presence I was filled with awe and humility, but not
without a strong physical attraction one finds impossible to
allay when in the presence of these women.

Menger emphasized that the space people he claims to
have met, though far superior to us in terms of physical,
mental and spiritual abilities, were still much like us. At
first he found it daunting that these visitors were able to
read his every thought, but ‘one suddenly realizes he
cannot hide anything, and becomes completely honest,
both with himself and the visitors’. During the lengthy
discourse, the ‘Martian’ spacewoman foretold, correctly,
that Menger would be posted in early April 1945 to
Okinawa, where he served with the 713th Tank
Battalion.5

Menger had his first close encounter with the horrors
of war when shrapnel from an exploding shell entered
his eye, causing infection and temporary blindness.

During his stay in hospital, he relates that one of the
Army nurses who looked after him, whom he believes
may have been from somewhere else, assured him that
his sight would be restored. She also predicted correctly
another contact near the time of his release from
hospital.

Two weeks after his release, Menger claims he was
nearly bayoneted by three Japanese soldiers, but
managed to overpower them. During the skirmish, he
was filled with a strong impression that he should not
kill the soldiers - an impression he attributed to the
mental influence of his space contacts.

Menger alleges that the following night he had yet
another contact, in the northern part of Okinawa, with
a very tall man dressed in Army khaki. Eventually, the
man claimed that he came from Venus. One of his
predictions, according to Menger, was that the Japanese
would soon surrender, ‘for they are about to be blasted
into submission by a power which will shock the world’.

A few weeks later came the atomic bombing of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki.6

After the war, Menger says he had his first encounter
with a landed spaceship and its crew. In June 1946 he
was visiting his parents in High Bridge, New Jersey,
when a craft, similar to Adamski’s famous ‘scout’,
landed. Two men, dressed in blue-grey ski-type uniforms
and with long blond hair, stepped out of the craft
through an opening on the flange, followed by the same
girl Menger had encountered in 1932. ‘This lovely
creature had not changed at all,’ said Menger. Although
looking only about 25, she claimed to be ‘more than 500
years old’! (In later contacts, the space people generally
were much ‘younger’, e.g., 79 Earth years.) During the
ensuing conversation, Menger was told that he would
have continuing contacts which would ‘further instruct
and condition’ him.7

In late 1947, two supposed space people met Menger
and showed him to a secluded farm area, one of several
sites to be used for future landings and contacts, where
no one could be harmed by ‘the electromagnetic force
which emanates from our craft’. Menger would be
advised of these appointments by telephone.8

ALIEN LIAISON

Howard Menger’s incredible experiences continued into
the 1950s, as he became increasingly involved in helping
the space people establish themselves on our planet.

Such tasks were not without their moments of humour,
Menger recalled:

Often I purchased clothing and took it to the points of contact.

Visitors just arriving from other planets had to be attired in
terrestrial clothing so they could pass unnoticed among people
... I remember one time when I was asked to purchase several
complete outfits of female clothing. Feeling it would be
embarrassing and somewhat difficult to explain why I was
buying so many outfits, I purchased them in separate shops.

I bought what I thought was the appropriate size and
showed up at the point of contact. The women went into the
next room from which I soon heard a series of giggles and
groans. Finally the door opened and the bras were flung out.

They apologized, saying they just could not wear them, and
they never had . . . They [also had] difficulties with high heels.

They teetered and wobbled and suffered, but took it in good
humor. They realized they would have to learn how to wear
them, though they often complained, ‘Why can’t your women
wear sensible shoes!’

On several occasions, Menger says he acted as barber
for some of the new male arrivals. ‘I don’t know if they
save their hair or not,’ he remarked, ‘however, all
evidence of the meetings was always carefully gathered
up by the space people before they departed.’ Some of
the men had unusually fair skin, without hair on their
arms or faces, and apparently they had no need to shave.
‘After three months on Earth, however, they became
hairy and grew beards.’

Some of the visitors requested dark glasses; some
specifically of red glass, though the reason for this was
not given.

‘Thus I had the opportunity to meet people from other
planets in all stages of progress and development,’
claimed Menger, ‘from those who spoke no word of our
language to those who spoke it fluently; scientists and
technicians to helpers and assistants. I briefed them on
our customs, slang and habits. Although they utilized
instruments to learn a language quickly, the machines
couldn’t always cope with colloquialisms.’

Although acting as one of the space people’s liaison
men, Menger says that he was never asked to obtain
identification papers, nor to seek jobs for them.9

FOOD

Occasionally, Menger was asked to bring food for the
space people.

They asked mainly for frozen fruit juices, canned fruit and
vegetables, whole wheat bread, wheat germ and the like. They
refused to drink milk, avoided fresh oranges, lemons and
grapefruit. They preferred tree-ripened fruit when I could find
it... I remember one time I bought five bushels of tree-ripened
apples from a local orchard. They tested the apples and found
the mineral and vitamin content much lower than similar fruits
of their planets. This was due, they said, to our poor soil. They
explained that chemical fertilizers were not the correct answer
to the problem . . . because they did not replenish the organic
materials our soil sadly lacks.

While chemical fertilizers have widely been regarded
as unhealthy for many years, it should be pointed out
that this was not the prevalent view in 1959, when the
above information was published in Menger’s first book,
From Outer Space to You. He continued:

Most of the time they brought their own food, in a dried,
preserved state. I sampled some of it and while it was tasty, it
was hard and dry. I tasted other food which was delicious.

They had put the dry foods through some sort of processing
which returned the moisture and at the same time expanded it
to its natural size and state. I ate one of their tubers which was
far superior in protein and mineral content than any vegetable
we now have. We could grow the same here, they said, if our
soil were healthy . . .10

AN OBSERVATION DISC

During a contact at one of the landing sites in April
1956.,	Menger claims to have been shown an
‘observation disc’ at close quarters, similar to those
reported by George Adamski. The object seemed to be
lying on the ground. ‘It appeared to be a circular,
translucent object about a foot thick and three or four
feet in diameter,’ he reported. ‘It was pulsating different
warm colors. As we approached it, the colors changed
from white to blue and back to white with a tinge of
yellow.’

According to Menger’s contact man, the disc was
controlled remotely from a nearby spaceship, and was
capable of recording all emotions, thoughts and
intentions. ‘Don’t worry, it’s white,’ said the spaceman.
‘When it changed to white I knew you were all right’,
adding that the same colours were being displayed on an
instrument panel in the ship and would be recorded
permanently.11

PHOTOGRAPHIC ATTEMPTS

During several contacts, Menger was able to take a
number of photographs and films of the spacecraft and
on a couple of occasions their occupants; alas, only in
silhouette, owing to the darkness (see plates). At 00.45
on 2 August 1956, for instance, he took Polaroid photos
of one of the craft as it came in for a landing.

I snapped away, hardly able to wait for even a minute while the
pictures developed, but in the darkness could not see just how
I was doing.

I noticed [that] one of the three ball-like objects under the
craft became distorted and looked like rubber as it seemed to
stretch and grasp the ground. I could see the other two balls
through the translucent flange. I wondered how they could
make metal appear translucent, and also become plastic,
certainly alien to our earthly physics . . .

An opening appeared and a man stepped out. He stood tall
and straight, his long, blond hair blowing in the soft warm
summer breeze. I could see the beautiful structure of his body;
his broad shoulders, slim waist, and long, straight legs. He
approached and when he was about 50 feet away I snapped his
picture. He . . . was silhouetted against the glowing craft, a
dramatic pose which I hoped would turn out better than my
previous picture. But in the picture the craft seemed distorted
and looked as if a gaseous, swirling haze encircled it [see
plates].

The spaceman explained that the pictures had come
out slightly distorted ‘due to the electromagnetic flux
around the craft’,12 an effect which is seen clearly in the
frames from the 8mm movie film taken by George
Adamski in Silver Spring, Maryland, in 1965.

INSIDE THE SPACECRAFT

The following evening, Menger was taken on board one
of the spacecraft for the first time; a short hop from one
of the landing sites to another. Just before entering the
craft, one of the spacemen pointed an instrument at
Menger and a bluish beam of light struck his head,
producing a rather pleasant tingling sensation. ‘We
projected the beam on you to condition and process your
body quickly so you could enter the craft,’ Menger was
told. ‘What actually happened was that the beam
changed your body frequency to equal that of the craft.
Thus you felt entirely comfortable inside the craft and
suffered no ill effects.’13

In the small hours of 5 August 1956, Menger says, he
was taken for a longer ride.

We stepped into a large circular room. In the center of it was
an ample-sized round table made of translucent material.

Under the table-top pulsating lights of many colors moved. The
dowel-shaped stem supporting the table was set in what
appeared to be a huge magnifying glass, itself set into the floor.

Approximately one third of the circular room was devoted to
instrument panels containing many colored lights blinking on
and off. In front of the control board was a frame containing
what I guessed was some kind of viewing screen.

One of the spacemen waved his hand over a section of
the table and two chairs came out of the floor. Menger
and his guide sat down, and on the screen appeared a
scene on Earth. After take-off, the magnifying lens on
the floor zoomed in to reveal another terrestrial scene,
with two people - whom Menger knew - driving along
a highway. ‘The image appeared as if in broad daylight,’
said Menger. ‘I could see everything clearly . . . [and] I
could hear the two voices as if the people were in the ship
with us . . .’14

In the second week of August 1956, in the Blue
Mountains area of Pennsylvania, Menger claims that,
together with two other people he knew (not named), he
was taken into space aboard another craft and shown
the Moon, as well as large meteorites, through a viewing
screen. Like Adamski, Menger reported seeing colours
(blues and greens) in a crater on the Moon. But his
description of what Earth looked like is interesting, in
that it conforms to what our planet does actually look
like in photographs taken years later by the astronauts:
‘At one time we caught sight of Earth in the distance,
glowing bluish-white with tinges of red, floating like a
tennis ball in an inky black pool. . .’
Menger took five photographs of Earth and the Moon
through a porthole, of which three came out. Unfortunately, 
as he himself admits, these particular photographs 
are blurred and do not furnish satisfactory
evidence.15

A TRIP TO THE MOON?

In September 1956, also in the company of Earth people
(again, not named), Menger says he was taken for a trip
to the Moon. This trip, it was pointed out by the
extraterrestrial hosts, would be longer than the others,
and would require ‘processing’ the humans’ bodies.
‘Each atom of your physical body will undergo a
processing which will change its polarity, frequency and
vibration, to adjust your body from its balance to the
earth’s attractive inertial mass to that of the moon’s,’ the
hosts explained. ‘This will require approximately a week
and one half, Earth time.’

Modern Conveniences

Menger and the others were led to their sleeping quarters
on the craft, consisting of three bunk-beds per
compartment. ‘The bed did not feel overly soft,’ Menger
reported, ‘instead it seemed to give just the correct extent
to support the contour of the body. I laid my head on a
flat pad of soft material, [and] pulled the single warm
(but extremely light) coverlet over myself.’
In the morning, the guests showered in a compartment
containing three or four cubicles, partitioned by
translucent walls. ‘When I stepped inside one of the
cubicles the door closed behind me and lights went on
automatically,’ Menger reported. Three shower heads,
one above me and two at waist level, could be operated
separately or all together.’

I pushed a button and a flow of water, apparently mixed with
warm air for it was quite bubbly, fell over my body. I had never
had a shower so invigorating. I looked around for soap, but
there was none. Seeing another button I had not previously
pushed, I put my finger on it and a stream of colorless solution
came from the shower heads and completely lathered my body;
at the same time the water was turned off. I pushed the ‘soap’
button, then the ‘water’ button, alternately, enjoying the
novelty like a small boy would have done.

The lavatory bowl reportedly looked ‘very much like
one on Earth, except that the bowl was lower to the floor
and was made of a hard white translucent material, not
a ceramic’.

In a mirror above a kind of basin, Menger was
surprised to notice that he did not need to shave, which
was just as well, since he had not brought a razor with
him. And - interestingly - throughout the estimated 10-
day trip, he said, the guests found it unnecessary to
shave.

Food was served in the main compartment of the
spacecraft.

Our instructor opened a compartment in the wall and withdrew
some items of processed food, which he put into a deep well, or
pot, set into a sink-like unit. He pushed a button and the pot
filled with liquid. He allowed the food to steep in the liquid for
about five minutes, then he drained the liquid from the pot. He
pushed another button and almost instantly the appearance of
the food changed and steam rose from it. It had been cooked in
little more than a second!... He removed the food from the pot
by means of a large, deep strainer and transferred it to plasticlike 
plates which he said were disposable . . .

The food supposedly consisted of vegetables such as
potatoes with ‘a meaty, nut-like flavor’, cabbage, carrots,
parsley (‘much larger than our variety’), ‘green mineral
salt’ for seasoning, ‘very large wheat kernels’, nuts of
various kinds, served in slices, and a fruit about six inches
in diameter, orange-red in colour, that tasted like a
combination of peach and plum.

‘I am not certain how long we spent,’ Menger
reported, ‘but, estimating by my watch, I believed it to
be about ten days. I have often thought that time might
have been different [on board], possibly because my
beard didn’t seem to grow; but that could have been a
result of our conditioning - however, all our other
bodily functions seemed to progress normally.’16

The Lunar Excursion

On arrival at the Moon, Menger began to take more
photos, with the aid of some coloured filters given him
by his hosts. These particular Polaroid pictures -
showing a domed structure rising out of hilly terrain and
a saucer hovering above - are interesting, though not
unequivocal because they might have been fabricated.

After the spacecraft landed at a dome-shaped building, 
about 150 feet wide and 50 feet high, the guests
were taken, in different groups, for a guided tour of the
Moon, in a ‘long train-like vehicle with ten or fifteen
coaches with plastic domes over them’ which glided
noiselessly about a foot above a ‘copper highway’.

Menger’s description of his alleged lunar visit understandably 
provoked as much ridicule as that heaped on
Adamski’s story.

We passed mountains, went through valleys, visited underground 
installations . . . Huge cliffs and mountains made our
own look like ant hills. One particular desert locale brought to
mind ‘The Valley of Fire’ in Nevada. There we stopped long
enough for our guide to open the door and permit us to stick
our heads out for a brief moment, which was all one could
take, for it was terribly hot outside - like a blast furnace. I was
certain no one could have lived outside very long . . .

Finally we came to another large dome-shaped building,
where we halted and our guide told us we could get out on the
moon’s surface where we could breathe the air with little or no
difficulty . . . My first impression was that I was in the desert.

The air was warm and dry. I could see little wind funnels
forming on the ground, drawing up dust particles like tiny
whirlwinds. I looked up at the sky. It was a yellowish color.

When looking I had the queer impression that if I walked some
distance I would fall off, since the horizon seemed foreshortened 
. . . The ground beneath our feet was like yellowish-
white powdery sand, with stones and boulders and some
minute plant life showing here and there as we looked around
us.

In addition to the group of ‘learned’ Earth people he
travelled with in the spacecraft, Menger professes to
have spotted ‘hundreds of Russians, Japanese, Germans
and other people from other nations’ who also were
being taken on a guided tour of the Moon.17 This seems
absurd, because, if true, surely by now at least one other
tourist would have come out and spoken about his or her
experiences.

WITNESS TESTIMONY

Howard Menger’s claimed liaison with the space people
-	and there were many more contacts - continued until
the late 1950s. A month after his assumed visit to the
Moon, Menger met Marla (Connie) Baxter, whom he
married after divorcing Rose, his wife of 17 years, in
1958. Connie helped Howard run his sign-painting shop
in Somerville, New Jersey, and also became deeply
involved in his less down-to-earth pursuits. In company
with many people in Menger’s study group, she had
some extraordinary experiences which tend to support
some of her husband’s claims, and which are now
published, together with a fully updated version of the
original book, entitled The High Bridge Incident. 18
Several individuals claiming to have witnessed some of
Menger’s contacts came forward and spoke on The
Long John Party Line, hosted by ‘Long’ John Nebel on
radio station WOR, New York City. One of these
witnesses was Menger’s father. Here follows part of that
interview:

NEBEL: Would you say these were normal-sized people?

MENGER Sr.: Oh, no. I would say one was about six-feet-
two or three, and the other was about six feet.

NEBEL: Were you close enough to observe their features?

MENGER Sr.: No, that I wasn’t.

NEBEL: Did you notice what they wore?

MENGER Sr.: To a certain extent, yes. As far as I could see,
they wore something similar to ski-suits, tight at the wrists and
ankles ... It was a dark night. . . but these people seemed to
have a glow to them. That is how we discovered they were
coming toward us - by the glow. When these people left us, the
grass there (and I know positively because I had cut some of it)
was three feet high. And they went through that grass like it
was a nice concrete walk, with no exertion at all . . .

NEBEL: You have seen the ships, too, haven’t you?

MENGER Sr.: Oh, yes, I have seen them in the air and in the
daytime I saw them, and at first I was very sceptical.19

Witnesses were not restricted to Menger’s family. ‘I
had many witnesses - sane witnesses,’ Howard told me
when I interviewed him in 1978.

One was a doctor’s wife, one was a physicist at Princeton
University, and they all saw it. They all said the same - which is
unusual - on radio, to back me up. I had photos and movies. In
other words, in my case, there was definitely proof that we were
being visited, not necessarily by aliens from another planet, but
people who were more advanced than we were in technology,
spirituality, and general human engineering, and that all this
evidence would be admissible in a court of law . . .20

The physicist referred to was ‘Dr Tom Richards’, at
the time a graduate student at Princeton (and whose real
name is Richard Berry, Menger told me). In September
of that year, with the permission of the space people, he
and others were invited by Menger to witness one of his
contacts. ‘The visitors landed about a quarter of a mile
to the rear of the house in a secluded wooded area,’
wrote Menger. According to investigator Peter Jordan,
Richards first sighted two disc-shaped objects, about six
feet in diameter, which pulsated irregularly and hovered
silently only 20 feet in front of him, radiating a variety
of bright colours. These were also observed for nearly
twenty minutes by Menger and his wife, Rose, and a
young high-school student named Hotchkins.

Because Menger had not permitted any of the witnesses 
to come closer than 20 feet to the objects (due to
the potentially dangerous level of electromagnetic energy
he believed surrounded them), Richards’s scientific
scepticism was never completely dispelled. ‘But,’ said
Jordan, ‘Richards admits that he did find the experience
striking, and finds it difficult, given the incredible
sophistication of the display, to accept allegations of
fraud freely advanced by so many of Menger’s
detractors.’21

Alien Acrobatics

Later that night, Richards was treated to an even more
impressive demonstration. The visitors reportedly
walked down to where the witnesses were standing,
hurdling a fence in an apple orchard, where Menger
advanced and spoke to them in full view of the witnesses.
‘These men from another planet were very tall, close to
seven feet,’ said Menger, ‘and I defy any Earthman to
equal the physical abilities they displayed.’22
According to Jordan, Richards watched for over 15
minutes as three beings of above average height ‘ran,
bounded, and jumped in a swift fashion across a yard, at
times . . . attaining almost “superhuman” speeds’.

The entities, surrounded by a whitish glow, hurdled fences over
five feet tall, and exhibited incredible gymnastic prowess in
their movements. This demonstration, said Richards, could
have been duplicated only had Menger enlisted the services of
professional gymnasts . . . the experiences that evening
persuaded him that Menger’s claims, unacceptable as they
appeared to many others, may have contained more truth than
is generally assumed.23

A Contact Witnessed?

Another of the many witnesses to some of the
phenomena which seemed literally to surround Menger
at that time was ‘Mr X’, a physicist who later became a
businessman. On 10 January 1957 he testified on The
Long John Party Line that on one occasion, together
with three other witnesses, he had seen and heard
Menger apparently communicating with extraterrestrials.


Mr X: . . . the five of us went out and [Menger] took us
through very rough terrain. The underbrush was kind of high
. . . and Rose Menger pointed out a glowing light between the
trees ... It would take about 15 seconds to grow dim, and
another 30 seconds to get brighter again. It was pulsating at
about that rate . . . about 200 or 300 feet away. And it could
be seen only through the trees. We were in an open clearing
about 50 feet in diameter, and at the end of this clearing were
the trees . . . Howard Menger suddenly said, ‘Wait here’, and
he walked off toward the light. He didn’t go very far. It must
have been about 40 feet, and then he stopped and we heard
two male voices talking . . . [Menger] walked right into the
trees. He was probably about 15 or 20 feet into the trees . . .

NEBEL: Now, you heard two voices, one that you
recognized as Mr Menger’s - and do you feel the other voice
could possibly have been Mr Menger’s?

MR X: No, it had a different quality to it. It was more sing-
songy than his voice ... I couldn’t make out any words. I
listened as acutely as I could ... And this conversation went on
for at least half an hour . . . While he was talking we were
facing Mr Menger and this person - whomever he was talking
to.

NEBEL: You could not see him, could you?

Mr X: You could see a silhouette, a dark shadow.

NEBEL: Do you know it was another form there?

Mr X: It looked like two forms. I could not distinguish any
facial characteristics. But I could pick out two forms . . . the
other individual was slightly taller. While we were looking in
that direction we heard somebody walking along the edge of
the trees, walking toward our right, and stopping . . . Then we
heard another person walking. We could hear the underbrush
crackling and they walked around almost to the rear of us
among the trees. In other words, we were surrounded ... I am
quite sure there were three of them . . . then Howard Menger
came back and he said, ‘Gee, I’m awfully sorry, I know how
you feel, but I can’t take you up there’... he looked very, very
disappointed. I am sure he wanted us to see what was going on.

NEBEL: Did he imply that these people were from outer
space?

Mr X: Yes. He did say there were three people: two men and
a woman. I asked him what they said, but he said, ‘I can’t tell
you ... I would like to tell you but cannot’, and it seemed to
be something very personal. . .

NEBEL: Could this have been a ‘set-up’?

Mr X: Well, we had a difficult job finding that spot. Howard
Menger had not been there before. It was obvious we were lost
when we started. And we had a lot of difficulty getting to this
spot. We were going through underbrush and actually had to
fight our way through. I am quite sure he had never been there
before.24

The physicist, Menger told me in 1997, is now in his
eighties and lives in Arizona. He prefers to remain
anonymous.25

A ‘HOT POTATO’
Yet another witness to a number of weird events was
Richard Thompson (pseudonym) who, like Dr Richards,
suspected that the heavy concentration of reported
phenomena in the High Bridge area during the mid- to
late 1950s was something more than coincidence. He
could not comprehend how Menger, hampered as he
was by his limited income as a sign-painter, ‘could
possibly have perpetuated such a combination of
hoaxes, each perfectly timed, and brilliantly executed’.

In 1957, a large number of dehydrated vegetables,
fruits and nuts were found in Thompson’s home at
Plukemin, New Jersey, as well as in open fields near High
Bridge, which he says he was ‘drawn to by apparent
telepathic means’. The food appeared to have undergone
an odd, ‘freeze-dried’ process.26 A potato (believed to
have come from the Moon!) was given to Menger, who
suggested that it should be analysed by a professional
laboratory. Samples were taken to LaWall-Harrisson
Consultants in Philadelphia. Analysis revealed:

Total weight of sample	 5.20 grams
Moisture	             7.23%
Ash                      4.49%
Fat (ether extract)      0.95%
‘N’ as Protein (NX 6.25) 15.12%

Owing to the abnormally high protein content
(terrestrial potatoes - at least undehydrated ones -
typically contain no more than 3 per cent) Menger
decided to obtain a carbon-14 test (to date the samples)
at LaWall-Harrisson, but the latter explained that this
would cost about $2,000. Balking at such a fee, Menger
declined. The consultants then recommended that
Menger take the samples and their report to a certain
doctor at a certain government agency (CIA) which, they
said, would continue the research at no cost. At the
agency laboratory, Menger and Thompson spoke to the
doctor, a ‘polite, intelligent man who appeared to be
completely fascinated with the specimens,’ wrote
Menger. ‘We left the samples with him, feeling we were
on the right road.’
Two weeks later Howard and Connie went back to
the laboratory to see how the analysis was progressing.

As Menger reported:

We were shown into a room where a piece of a specimen was
in a container of water, another piece was in another
container and a small fragment was under a huge microscope.

We took turns looking through the microscope . . . the outer
surface of the specimen appeared like a crystalline beach of
sand [possibly] due to an intense contraction of structure. I
then told Dr	what had been explained to me about the
method of collapsing the molecular structure, which probably
gave the specimen a dehydrated nature . . . We were told they
would run all sorts of tests on the specimens left with them
and keep us informed . . . Since my friend had been given the
potatoes in the first place, we left the arrangements in his
hands. That was in June, 1958, and the last we heard from the
laboratory. I understand that this may have become ‘classified’
information . . P

Thompson believes that the potato was ‘impervious’
to radioactivity; that it was intended to warn him of the
dangers of ‘impending nuclear catastrophe’; and that the
agency deliberately withheld information on its analysis
for fear that publicity would have produced ‘panic and
scientific disorder’ - a veritable ‘hot potato’! He saved a
few of the remaining samples, which he claims remained
in their original state, thus testifying to their unique
method of preservation.28

BILOCATION

One of Howard Menger’s more exotic claims, one
‘endorsed’ by a court of law, relates to an incident which
occurred one night in the spring of 1957. This incident
suggests that during his contacts with the extraterrestrials, 
he seemed to become imbued with some of
their phenomenal abilities.

During a coffee break at a gathering of his study group
in Plukemin, he allowed his mind to wander back
sentimentally to his light-green 1950 Plymouth station
wagon which he had recently traded for a new model. ‘In
my mind’s eye I drove it along on a blacktop road,
picturing many things in vivid detail. Then I left the
reverie, returned mentally to the group, and becoming
aware of the discussion, joined in, without giving
another thought to my vivid mental experience.’
At the next meeting, the police station in Bedminster
Township, a few miles from Plukemin, telephoned to
advise Menger that he had a driving summons awaiting
collection. ‘Sergeant Cramer claims you were speeding
and went through a red light in his district about 11.40
p.m. on [he named the date of the last meeting],’ Menger
was informed.

‘It couldn’t have been me,’ Menger responded,
‘because I was here at that time and there were at least
twenty people here with me. Besides, I do not have a
1950 station wagon, sir; I have a 1957 Plymouth station
wagon, and incidentally, it could not have left the
premises because it was blocked in by other cars, and I
had the keys in my pocket.’

The police officer was unconvinced: finally, the
summons was delivered personally to Menger by Police
Chief Kice. Menger opted to appear in court, taking
along seven witnesses, and pleaded not guilty. According
to Sergeant Cramer, he saw a light-green Plymouth
station wagon (licence number WR E79) speed past him.

With Cramer in pursuit, the car went straight through
the red light without stopping, then ‘disappeared’! After
commenting tersely on the ‘phantom car’ and listening
to the testimony of the witnesses, the judge declared a
verdict of not guilty.

A check with the auto agency in Philadelphia where
Menger had traded in the 1950 Plymouth established the
fact that it was still in the shop undergoing repairs prior
to resale. So what had happened? In view of the fact that
he had been thinking about driving his old station
wagon at the precise time it was spotted ‘speeding’,
Menger believes in the possibility that his thoughts ‘had
manifested into an actual projection’.29

RECANTATION AND RECONSIDERATION

In 1961, following a period of seclusion, Howard
Menger returned to the public eye on The Long John
Nebel Television Show. Paris Flammonde, producer of
the show and later the author of two scholarly books on
the UFO phenomenon, wrote that Menger, ‘to the
astonishment of supporters and opponents alike,
recanted the vast majority of his personal legend,
suggesting that all of his experiences may well have been
“psychic” . . .’30
As author John Keel quotes Flammonde: ‘Vaguely,
aimlessly, rather embarrassingly, he avoided and
vacillated . . .’
Howard Menger, Saturnian husband to a Venusian traveler in
space [he believed at one time that he and his wife were
reincarnated from those planets], friend of extraterrestrials,
annotator of ‘authentic music from another planet’, master of
teleportation, and saucerological sage extraordinaire -
recanted! . . . His saucers might have been psychic, his space
people visions, his and Marla’s other planethood, metaphoric.

Later, in letters to investigators Jim Moseley and Gray
Barker (publisher of From Outer Space to You), Menger
described his book as ‘fiction-fact’ and implied that the
Pentagon had given him the films of saucers and
requested that he participate in an experiment to test the
public’s reaction to extraterrestrial contact. ‘He has
helped us, therefore, to dismiss his entire story as not
only a hoax, but a hoax perpetrated by the US
government,’ wrote Keel.31 It is not that simple. For one
thing, Menger has not recanted to the extent implied
here. In 1967, for instance, during a rare appearance at
a convention in New York, he confirmed at least one of
his purported encounters with extraterrestrials, in High
Bridge in August of 1956:

The craft came down from the west. It looked like a huge
fireball. I was frightened. Gradually, as it came closer, it slowed
down. The pulsations subsided ... it turned into what looked
like a man-made craft, reflecting the sun as it came close to the
ground. It was a beautiful sight... It stopped about a foot and
a half from the ground. An opening appeared in the side of the
craft. There was a small incline or platform. Two men stepped
out, very nicely dressed in shiny space suits ... One man stepped
to the left, and the other stepped to the right, and then another
man stepped out, a man I will never forget as long as I live. He
was approximately six feet one, maybe six feet two. He had long
blond hair over his shoulders - yes, long blond hair. He stepped
toward me, and the message he gave, of course, was what most
people don’t want to hear, a message of love and understanding.

He said he had come from outer space, which is what most
people really don’t believe in. Someday they will.

Menger went on to stress the hardships faced by
contactees following public disclosure of their claims. ‘If
you realize what people go through when this happens
to them. If you really think you have guts enough to
come out and tell people. Of course, nowadays it might
be a little easier, but in the early Fifties it was very, very
rough, especially when you are in business and you are
trying to act like a reputable citizen.’32
So what really happened to Howard Menger? For
several days in 1978 I interviewed Howard at his home
in Vero Beach, Florida, in the presence of his wife,
Connie, and my friend and co-investigator Lou Zinsstag.

I found Howard, as always, to be a gentleman.
‘Howard, when I first met you in 1969,’ I began, ‘you
told me that you stood by the story in your book, but
that you no longer knew where the space people came
from nor what they were doing here. You also said to me
that you’d swear on the Bible, to God, or whatever, that
that book was true - that it happened to you.’

‘Of course it was true,’ he replied.
What I wrote in there and what I photographed and everything
is absolutely true. However, at that time, I think I made some
mistakes. In one case, they said, ‘We have just come from the
planet you call Venus.’ I believe it’s a possibility that I might
have distorted that. It doesn’t mean that they’re Venusians.

That means they might have a base there. There’s evidence
they’ve had bases on the Moon, and they could have bases
anywhere. In a craft, I saw [on a viewing screen] something
which I thought was the surface of Venus - they led me to
believe it. . .

Menger gives serious consideration to the possibility
that the visitors he encountered might have originated
from Earth, rather than on other planets.

There are so many theories - this thing is so complex. One
theory is that the Earth is the only one in this solar system
which was given the gift of life, and this life developed a long
time ago on this planet, and reached a civilization far beyond
ours, in technology and spiritual ideas, thousands, maybe
millions of years ago, and they have left, perhaps because of a
cataclysm . . . those that survived probably would go
underground, or under the ocean. Let’s call them ‘Atlanteans’.

Most of this is myth, but suppose Atlantis was real? The people
might have gone under the ocean and have cities there. It’s very
possible. UFOs have been seen going into the ocean, and
coming out . . . It’s possible they don’t want us to know that
they live here on this planet, that they would probably throw
us off the track by telling us, you know, ‘Venus’ or ‘Mars’.
‘Are you sure that you actually went to the Moon?’ I
asked, incredulously.
‘Well, over the years I’ve given it much thought,’ he
replied. ‘I believed at the time that it was the Moon.

They said it was one of our satellites. I don’t know what
they meant by that - we have only one! I think it was the
Moon, yes. I took a picture from a porthole: that was the
Moon I took a picture of!’
‘But how did you manage to survive in the airless
atmosphere, when they opened that door in the “train”
and you were struck by a blast of hot air?’
‘I don’t know. But I was under their control, which
would make a lot of difference. Their technology is so
advanced . . .’33

AN ALIEN BASE?

In her section of The High Bridge Incident (much of
which she published originally in a quasi-fictional book
in 1958)34 Connie Menger claims that Howard told her
about an alien base, located about 150 miles from High
Bridge, in the Blue Mountains of Pennsylvania, where
supposedly Howard had made ‘periodic trips’. It was
there, he said, that he saw Connie’s ‘psychological chart’
-	‘a flat square, about a quarter of an inch thick, made
of a plastic-like material ... Across the face of this chart,
a series of colored globes of light appear when it is
connected to the machines, and this indicates the
emotional and mental state of an individual.’35
Howard made no such claim during our interviews,
but he did talk about having seen the alleged base.

In the Blue Mountains, when I was out there one night, I see
this huge slit in the mountain. I’m watching this slit, and the
light coming out of it - it started to light up the whole area. It’s
getting bigger and bigger . . . There was a section in the
mountain - I would say 100 feet of mountain - with trees on it
and everything, opening up like a garage door, only opening
out. It’s blinding me because I hadn’t been used to the light: I’d
been there for an hour, with my camera, waiting for a UFO to
come down. I couldn’t even take a picture, it’s so bright. When
I	finally got used to it, I dropped the camera! And I see
spaceships - at least three of them - in this cotton-picking
mountain garage! And men walking around in shiny silver suits
-	they’ve got these tight-fitting suits - walking around, doing
maintenance and work and everything. And a couple of guys
came out in some kind of a vehicle, like a motorcycle without
wheels. He’s sitting on it and he’s coming toward me! That’s
one time I didn’t stay - I got in my station wagon and took off.
‘I think that one of the main reasons they’re here is
mining,’ Howard continued. ‘I think they’re mining
some stuff. We don’t even know what the stuff is, and if
we did we’d probably be way ahead in our technology.

It’s something that they use - maybe for energy.’36
Menger’s hypothesis is not entirely uncorroborated. In
her book, Silent Invasion, researcher Ellen Crystall
claims that two US Government agents told her that
aliens were mining beryllium, titanium and zirconium in
the area of her investigations around Pine Bush, New
York. Both Crystall’s and independent research has
discovered that such ores are found in that region (and
elsewhere). All three ores are used in nuclear engineering
projects.37 Of particular interest here is that zircon is
found in Berks County, Pennsylvania, among several
other locations. While this area is only about 60 air miles
southwest of High Bridge, New Jersey, it is also just to
the south of the northeastern end of the great Blue
Mountain ridge in central eastern Pennsylvania.

FACT, FANTASY OR FRAUD?

In talking with Howard Menger, I found him convincing
when discussing some of his original claims. At other
times I had the impression that he was fantasizing. This
impression was reinforced when he began regaling us
with incredible tales of having been involved in building
and flying a saucer, together with scientists and military
personnel who had hired him to help them out, utilizing
the knowledge gained from his extraterrestrial friends.

He also professes to have put ‘thousands of dollars’ of
his own money into the top-secret project.
‘We built a huge craft,’ he stated. ‘My part in this
thing was the design of the skin of the craft - the power
system. And I did design the manual control, and from
the manual schematics the other guy computerized it...

I took it up with the four other fellows, I’d guess about
1.,000 miles in five minutes. Of course, we didn’t take
any trips out of the atmosphere . . .’38
If this is pure fantasy - as I believe to be the case -
why do I not reject all of Howard Menger’s claims?

Because, as with George Adamski, some of the evidence
suggests that he did indeed have encounters with
apparent extraterrestrials, some of which were observed
by credible witnesses. And regarding the photographic
and cine film evidence (he took both 16mm and 8mm
movies), my feeling is that some of it is genuine.

As to allegations of fraud, Richard Thompson
suspects that elements of ‘untruth’ may have been
woven into Menger’s story to promulgate a more widespread 
belief in extraterrestrial life. ‘But [Thompson]
does not believe, based on his own experience,’ stated
Peter Jordan, ‘that deception was as pervasive an
ingredient in Menger’s story as his detractors were later
to maintain.’39

Perhaps the last word in this chapter on Howard
Menger’s claims should go to Berthold E. Schwarz, MD,
a distinguished psychiatrist and investigator of the
paranormal, with whom I have discussed the case, and
who also lives in the Mengers’ home town. In his
introduction to The High Bridge Incident, he writes
that, for Menger: ‘There have been no rewards except
the ivory chisels of ridicule, harassment, sometimes
persecution, and even an alleged attempt at assassination. 
Throughout the years Howard has remained an
honorable, outstanding citizen of his community ... He
has (by choice) avoided the spotlight for decades and
never sought to profit from his extraordinary
experiences . . .’

‘How influential, specific and relevant to his UFO
adventures were the horrors and traumas of his son’s,
his brother’s and his mother’s deaths - all within a short
period of time [in the mid-1950s]? Did these tragedies
carve and prepare him for the UFO events and kindred
dissociative paranormal happenings?’ Dr Schwarz
continues:

Both Howard and I have lived in northern New Jersey . . . my
own professional studies of [him] have involved interviews
[with] the Princeton physics student and his friend who were
witnesses to the discs [and] several of the New Jersey State
Police who, when they realized that my purposes were
confidential and scientific, recalled the furor and unexplained
mysteries at that time . . .

Although the Howard Menger story is sometimes seemingly
bizarre, even by Fortean standards, Howard never deviates
from his original, fundamental assertions which are voiced
again and again like a hymn, a gesture of communion: contact
with the unknown has occurred . . .40


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Menger, Howard, From Outer Space to You, Saucerian
Books, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 1959, p. 26.
2.	Ibid., pp. 26-8.
3.	Ibid., pp. 31-4.
4.	Letter to the author from Howard Menger, 14 September 1997.
5.	Menger, op. cit., pp. 35-8.
6.	Ibid., pp. 40-8.
7.	Ibid., pp. 50-3.
8.	Ibid., pp. 55-6, 59.
9.	Ibid., pp. 71-3.
10.	Ibid., p. 73.
11.	Ibid., pp. 74-5.
12.	Ibid., pp. 79-80.
13.	Ibid., pp. 82-4.
14.	Ibid., pp. 89-91.
15.	Ibid., pp. 145-7.
16.	Ibid., pp. 148-52.
17.	Ibid., pp. 153-6.
18.	Menger, Howard, and Menger, Connie, The High Bridge
Incident, PO Box 1405, Vero Beach, Florida 32961, 1991.
19.	Menger, op. cit., pp. 104-5.
20.	Interview with the author, Vero Beach, Florida, 27
October 1978.
21.	Jordan, Peter A., The Enigma of Howard Menger’, UFO
Update, no. 11, summer 1981, Beyond Reality Magazine,
PO Box 428, Nanuet, New York 10954, p. 46.
22.	Menger, op. cit., pp. 102-3.
23.	Jordan, op. cit., p. 46.
24.	Menger, op. cit., pp. 192-4.
25.	Letter to the author from Howard Menger, 14 September
1997.
26.	Jordan, op. cit., p. 48.
27.	Menger and Menger, op. cit., pp. 55-6, 104-5.
28.	Jordan, op. cit., p. 48.
29.	Menger, op. cit., pp. 112-14.
30.	Flammonde, Paris, The Age of Flying Saucers, Hawthorn,
New York, 1971, p. 157.
31.	Keel, John A., Operation Trojan Horse, Souvenir Press,
London, 1970, pp. 206-7.
32.	Ibid., pp. 207-8.
33.	Interviews with the author, 27/28 October 1978.
34.	Baxter, Marla, My Saturnian Lover, Vantage, New York,
1958.
35.	Menger and Menger, op. cit., p. 90.
36.	Interview with the author, 28 October 1978.
37.	Crystall, Ellen, Silent Invasion: The Shocking Discoveries
of a UFO Researcher, Paragon House, New York, 1991,
pp. 119-20.
38.	Interview with the author, 28 October 1978.
39.	Jordan, op. cit., p. 48.
40.	Menger and Menger, op. cit.


=========================================================
Chapter 10. COSMIC SHOCK

One morning in April 1957, at about 07.30, a resident
of Cordoba, Argentina, was riding his motorcycle
towards Rio Ceballos. He had just reached a point some
15. kilometres from the airport at Pajas Blancas when his
engine cut out. Dismounting to check the fault, he
noticed a huge disc-shaped object hovering motionless
about 50 feet above the road. Shocked, he ran and hid in
a ditch.

The object appeared to be about 60 feet in diameter
and about 15 feet high. It descended, hovering some
seven feet above the road, emitting a sound ‘like air
escaping from the valve of a tyre’. Suddenly, a device
described as a lift, or ‘transparent stairway’, began to
come down from the lower part of the craft, carrying a
human-shaped figure who stepped down when the lift
had stopped about a foot above the ground. The figure
was approximately five feet eight inches tall, dressed in
attire resembling a diver’s neoprene suit, which seemed
made of a plastic material.

After glancing around at various plants, the being
came towards the witness, who made further attempts to
conceal himself - to no avail. Silently and gracefully, the
stranger reached out to help the witness from the ditch.

As the two stood side by side in the road, the being
pointed towards the hovering craft, indicating that the
witness should follow him. To calm the panic-stricken
Cordoban, the being gently stroked the man’s forehead.

The two then went to the craft and entered the ‘lift’.

Around the wall of the cabin were five or six panels,
each about six feet wide and covered with an intricate
mass of equipment, including TV-like monitor screens.

At each of the panels sat a similar being, dressed exactly
like the first. They paid no attention to their surprised
visitor. The Cordoban later commented that he had been
particularly impressed by a series of large square
windows around the walls above the panels, having
observed no trace of windows on the outside of the craft.

In addition to the light coming through the windows, a
dull phosphorescent light pervaded the cabin, though yet
again, no lamp was seen. The colour of the craft was
somewhat indistinct: in parts it had a greenish tinge,
elsewhere blue, the combined effect being that of
metallic iridescence.

The witness was invited to enter the lift-shaft, which
descended. As it did so, he struck the wall with his
knuckles. This caused a metallic sound. Once on the
ground, the Cordoban asked the being, in sign language,
how the craft managed to remain suspended. The being
responded by passing the palm of one hand flat over the
other - a gesture which meant nothing to the witness.

The motorcycle was examined closely by the being, who
indicated that it would not start while the craft was
present.

Finally, the visitor turned to the Cordoban, placed a
hand on his shoulder in a farewell gesture, then went
back inside the craft via the lift-shaft. Shortly afterwards, 
the craft took off, heading in a northwesterly
direction. There were several sightings of what was
presumably the same craft that morning.1 It is unfortunate 
that the newspaper which reported this story did
not mention the name of the witness; but that omission
may have been stipulated by the motorcyclist. The story
itself seems convincing, if only because of the technical
details, which closely correspond with those of many
similar encounters.

Oscar Galindez, the Argentine investigator who
supplied the original report, believed (together with
many of his countrymen) that there were UFO bases in
the Andes, the most probable locations being in the high
mountains around Salta (northwest Argentina) and the
Puna de Atacama, a desolate area to the west of Salta.2

AN ALIEN BASE IN ARGENTINA?

In August 1957 an Argentine newspaper published an
extraordinary story, supplied by an Air Force guard who
reported an encounter with extraterrestrials on 20
August. The following, translated by Gordon Creighton,
appeared under the headline ‘UFO Base near Salta’:

Two days ago, at Quilino (Province of Cordoba), an aircraft
made a forced landing. Air Force personnel were sent to guard
the machine, and they installed themselves in a tent nearby.

One of the Air Force men was on guard, while the other two
went to a store several kilometres distant to get supplies.

Suddenly, the man on guard - whose name we omit for
reasons that are obvious - was aware of a strange humming
sound. This was so persistent that he went out of the tent, but
on looking around he could see nothing that was out of the
ordinary. He went back inside the tent, and once again he
heard the hum; this time it was loud and high-pitched. He
stepped outside once more, and to his astonishment he saw a
disc-shaped machine suspended at a height of some 90 metres
from the ground. The strange machine descended slowly until
it was only a few metres from the ground. The grass and plants
became violently agitated beneath the craft. Alarmed at the
sight, the serviceman tried to draw his revolver, but was unable
to do so; the revolver appeared to be stuck in the holster,
perhaps through some influence from the machine.

The next thing he knew was that a clear soft voice was
speaking to him from the machine. He was told not to be
afraid; that they were there in order to make the world aware
of the existence of the ‘interplanetary ships’. The voice also
told him that they, the occupants of the interplanetary ships,
had set up a special base or station in the province of Salta, and
that from this base their crews would go forth to establish
peaceful contact with Earthmen. The voice said furthermore
that their aim was to help us, for the wrong use of atomic
energy threatened to destroy us. Finally, before departing, the
voice assured him that very soon the rest of the world would
know even more about them. Then the bushes began to blow
to and fro, and the craft rose vertically to a height of some 40
or 50 metres, before moving off towards the north.3

PLAIN-CLOTHES ANGELS

In June 1962 the Italian magazine Domenica della Sera
published an interview with a 42-year-old engineer
named Luciano Galli, who claimed to have encountered
human-type extraterrestrials in 1957 (or 1959; he was
unable to recall which of those two years). Although
Galli’s account parallels the experiences of George
Adamski to a remarkable degree, he was prepared to
take an oath stating that at the time of his experience he
had not heard even the name of Adamski. The following
is taken from the interview with Galli conducted by the
reporter Renate Albanese, translated by Gordon
Creighton.

At 14.20 on 7 July 1957 (or 1959), Galli left his home
in Bologna to return to work after lunch. He was
nearing his workshop, situated off the Via Castiglione,
when suddenly a black Fiat 1100 stopped in front of
him. Out stepped a tall, dark man with regular features
and very black eyes. ‘His face was of the kind which
invites you to be friendly,5 said Galli. The man wore a
double-breasted grey suit complete with collar and tie.

He spoke perfect Italian. At the wheel of the car sat
another man, with delicate features, dressed in a light-
coloured costume: he wore no moustache like the dark
one and never spoke a word.
‘I knew the man with the moustache from sight,’ Galli
told Albanese.

I had noticed him several times in town; he even seemed to
follow me. Once, I remember, I walked with a friend through
the arcades of Via Castiglione when I again saw this man. As
always, he looked straight into my eyes and this time I wanted
to address him, but suddenly he disappeared. And now this
very stranger was standing before me, asking me if I
remembered him. I said yes. ‘Won’t you come with us?’ ‘Where
to?’ ‘Have confidence, nothing will happen to you.’
Galli took a seat in the Fiat and drove with the men to
the Croara ridge, 57 kilometres from Bologna.There, he
claimed, a ‘shining grey’ flying saucer awaited them,
hovering about two metres off the ground. From the
bottom a metal cylinder with an opening in it came out,
through which Galli and the men entered. Although
initially afraid, Galli became calm as soon as he was
inside the craft. Just prior to entry, two lights flashed.
‘Don’t be afraid,’ said the man with the moustache, ‘you
were only being photographed.’ Galli continued:

The pilot’s cabin was spacious and round with a lot of
instruments around, panels with pointers and needles. There
were also hatches, and the seats were fixed somehow to the
ground. In the middle of the floor was a kind of circular
window, about one metre wide. Through it we could see the
earth fall away from us. First she looked as though viewed
from one of our own planes, then - when we were already in
the dark zone - she looked like the Moon and later like Venus
or Mars.
‘Were you able to talk to the man you call
commander?’ asked Albanese.
‘Yes, very well. He spoke a perfect Italian. I asked him
how he had managed to learn our language so well. He
answered that he had used a very good method.’
Suddenly, Galli saw the silhouette of an enormous
‘dirigible’.

Its length was at least 600 metres. The one end was cut like the
end of a cigar. The [craft] emitted a phosphorous light and on
top of that it looked as if strong light beams were directed
toward it. Underneath the cut end six openings came into view,
out of which and into which small flying discs were seen
coming and going. Every opening was divided by a partition
wall into six smaller cubicles, every one wide open.

As they approached the giant ship it became evident
that the openings were large hangars, capable of
accommodating at least 50 saucers. Inside the ship could
be seen no fewer than 400 or 500 men and women,
standing or walking around the hangars. ‘This is what
Galli said on oath,’ reported Albanese. ‘All those people
wore overalls of a shining plastic or silky material. When
they passed by them, they smiled. The women were very
beautiful and friendly.’
Spellbound, Galli asked his companions where the
ship came from. ‘From the planet you call Venus,’ came
the reply.

Later on, Galli said that he was shown through a large
hall, a kind of library, and into another large room
which he believed to be the commander’s. Eventually he
was shown back to one of the hangars and into the same
saucer - ‘always in company of the man with the
moustache and a face like an angel in plain clothes’. He
was brought back to the same spot on the Croara ridge.
‘The whole trip was completed within three hours and
ten minutes,’ Galli claimed.

Renate Albanese asked Luciano Galli if he was certain
that these fantastic events had not happened to him
while he was in a trance, or under hypnosis. I have never
been hypnotized,’ he replied. ‘I took this trip in my
physical body, this is indeed so ... I do not want people
to say that I made up this story in order to gain publicity
or money. What I have told is the naked truth.’4

AERIAL ENCOUNTERS IN BRAZIL

Numerous encounters with unknown flying machines
were reported worldwide by military and civilian pilots
in 1957, some of the more disturbing encounters
occurring in Brazil.

Just before 21.00 on the night of 14 August,
Commander Jorge Campos Araujo was at the controls
of a VARIG airlines C-47 cargo plane, en route from
Porto Alegre to Rio de Janeiro, when the co-pilot, Edgar
Onofre Soares, spotted a luminous object left of the
plane. Suddenly the object manoeuvred so that it was
ahead of the plane, crossed to the right on a horizontal
trajectory, stopped momentarily, then abruptly dived
and disappeared in the cloud bank below. All the crew
described the object as saucer-shaped, with a dome on
top that glowed with an intense green light while the
flattened base emitted a less intense yellowish
luminosity. Commander Araujo estimated the saucer’s
speed to be several times the speed of sound.

Although the encounter made headline news in Brazil,
the most important part of the event was not publicized.

After landing, Commander Araujo and the crew told a
colleague, an air traffic chief for another airline
company, that when the object had reached the right side
of the airliner, the engines began coughing and missing
and the cabin lights dimmed and almost went out.

Fortunately, everything came back to normal when the
object disappeared.5

Another disturbing incident also occurred in Brazilian
airspace on 4 November 1957 at 01.40, when a C-46
cargo plane of VARIG, bound from Porto Alegre to Sao
Paulo, encountered an unknown flying machine. At
first, it looked like just a red light to the left side of the
aircraft. Commander Jean Vincent de Beyssac joked to
his co-pilot that at last they were seeing a real flying
saucer, but then the object seemed to become larger, and
de Beyssac decided to investigate. Commander
Auriphebo Simoes, who interviewed de Beyssac,
reported as follows:

He started to put his plane into a left bank, but just before he
pressed his rudder the object jumped a 45-degree arc on the
horizon and became larger. De Beyssac started pursuit and was
about midway on his left 80-degree turn when the object
became even brighter and suddenly he smelled something
burning . . . all at once his ADF [automatic direction finder],
right generator and transmitter ‘burned’ out. The ‘thing’
disappeared almost instantly, while the crew looked for fire. De
Beyssac turned on his emergency transmitter and reported the
incident to Porto Alegre control; then he turned his ship
around and headed back to Porto Alegre, where he landed an
hour later.

After submitting a written report, de Beyssac went
home and ‘got soused’. That same day, VARIG issued an
order forbidding its pilots to discuss UFO sightings With
the media.6

OUTRIGHT HOSTILITY

A quarter of an hour or so after the VARIG C-46
encounter, at 02.00 on 4 November 1957, an even more
alarming incident occurred at the Brazilian Army’s
Itaipu Fortress at Sao Vicente, near Santos, Brazil, when
two sentries were struck by an unbearable wave of heat
emanating from a large disc-shaped object hovering
above them while emitting a humming sound. One
sentry fainted and the other yelled for help. Inside the
garrison, the electrical systems failed completely; even
the back-up system would not work. Both soldiers
received first- and second-degree burns. The authorities
reacted desperately, as investigator Dr Olavo Fontes
reported:

Next day the commander of the fortress (an army colonel)
issued orders forbidding the whole garrison to tell anything
about the incident to anyone - not even to their relatives.

Intelligence officers came and took charge, working frantically
to question and silence everyone with information pertaining
to the matter . . . The fortress was placed in a state of martial
law and a top-secret report was sent to the QG [headquarters].

Days later, American officers from the US Army Military
Mission arrived at the fortress together with officers from the
Brazilian Air Force, to question the sentries and other witnesses
involved. Afterwards a special [Air Force] plane was chartered
to bring the two burned sentries to Rio de Janeiro [where] they
were put in the Army’s Central Hospital (HCE), completely
isolated from the world behind a tight security curtain.7

Dr Olavo Fontes, a world-leading UFO investigator of
that period, spent a great deal of time investigating this
case. In a paper discussing UFO-induced effects, he
theorized that these were ‘not merely side-effects of the
powerful electromagnetic fields that exist around UFOs,
but the result of purposeful interference by a weapon
used as a means of defense or attack’.

Existing evidence suggests that such a weapon is not an
alternating magnetic field in itself, but a high-frequency, long-
range electromagnetic beam of some sort, i.e., a radio-electric
wave concentrated into a narrow, powerful beam. After a
careful analysis of the data I came to the conclusion that this
weapon might be a microwave ionizer - a generator of oddshaped 
microwaves that ionize the air where they strike. They
would make the air a high-resistance conductor; nothing more
than that.

The ‘heat-wave’ which burned the two sentries at
Itaipu, he asserted, was a different kind of weapon,
‘produced only by ultrasonics’.

This is due to the fact that the longitudinal ultrasonic
oscillations are transformed into transverse waves (shear
waves) at interfaces between mediums of different acoustic
impedance as, for example, between the clothes and the skin.

These resulting transverse waves are more rapidly absorbed
than the longitudinal ones, with a subsequent increased heat
development at interface areas . . . Only an ultrasonic beam
could produce the peculiar characteristics of the ‘heat wave’
that struck the Itaipu sentries.8

‘DANGERS THREATENING HUMANITY’

‘The statements of those who purportedly have had
actual contact with “space people” should not be dismissed 
offhand as merely romance,’ stated Rear Admiral
Herbert Knowles of the United States Navy, in July
1957.	‘Perhaps there is some real information here .. .’9
That same month, an extraordinary contact was
reported by a highly credible witness, Professor Joao de
Freitas Guimaraes, a lawyer and Professor of Ancient
Roman Law in the Catholic Faculty of Law at Santos,
Brazil. Interestingly, the encounter took place near Fort
Itaipu. The following is based on a transcription of a
television interview with the professor on Brazilian
television (TV-13) on 27 August 1957, translated by
Gordon Creighton.

In the course of his duties as a military advocate, Dr
Guimaraes was visiting Sao Sebastiao, northeast of
Santos on the Atlantic coast in the State of Sao Paulo,
when one evening he decided to take a stroll along the
beach. The sky was overcast and there was no visible
moon. As he was sitting on the beach at about 19.15
(another report gives 21.15) he noticed that, in the
direction of Ilhabela (Bela Island), the colouring of the
sea seemed to be getting lighter, then a spout of water
shot up into the air, reminding him of the ‘blowing’ of a
whale. Some sort of ‘high-bellied craft’ (shaped like a
hat) headed for the beach and as it arrived, threw out a
landing line to which were attached some ‘spheres’,
unlike conventional buoys. A metallic stairway also
came down and two men stepped out and approached
the professor. Both appeared to be completely human.

By now he could see that they were tall beings, over 1.80
metres in height, with long fair hair extending to their
shoulders. Their complexions were fair, they had eyebrows,
and their appearance was youthful and they had light-
coloured, wise and understanding eyes. They wore greenish
one-piece suits fitting closely at the neck, wrists and the ankles.

Though frightened, Dr Guimaraes stood up, holding
his ground. He asked in Portuguese whether there was
something wrong with their craft or if they were looking
for somebody. He also asked them whence they came.

There was no reply, so he repeated the question in
French, then English, Spanish and Italian - to no avail.

Then the professor received the impression, telepathically, 
that he was being invited to board their craft.
(Subsequently, he discovered that they also made verbal
speech.) He became seized with an irresistible desire to
know more and decided to accept the unspoken
invitation. One of the men headed towards the disc,
followed by the professor and the other man. The man
in front leapt up the stairway to the entrance with ease,
using one hand to hold on, though Guimaraes needed
both hands to do so. Standing in the entrance was a third
man, possibly one or two others.

Space Flight

On board, Dr Guimaraes found himself in a brilliantly
illuminated compartment, one of several in the craft.

Together with the crew, he sat on a bench that encircled
the compartment. As the craft lifted, the professor
noticed what looked like rain on the portholes. ‘Is it
raining?’ he asked. To this he received a reply from one
of the crew, telepathically, to the effect that it was not
rain, but water produced by the rotation, in opposite
directions, of parts of the craft. Surrounding the machine
was a ‘ray-filtration tube, which produced the effect of a
semi-vacuum in each of its parts’.

Gazing out through the portholes, the professor beheld a vast,
intensely black zone all around, in which the stars were shining
with astonishing brightness. Then came areas where the stars
seemed to be in even greater swarms, shining with an
incomparable splendour, followed by other areas which
seemed darker, with fewer stars. Then they passed through a
belt of violet-coloured atmosphere, and after that another,
similar belt, but of a more violet shade, and of a most refulgent
brightness, and during this stage the professor felt the craft
shuddering strongly, and he showed his fear, whereupon one
of them said to him telepathically: ‘Our machine has just left
the atmosphere of your planet.’

In the compartment was a circular instrument with
three very sensitive needles which trembled in the Earth’s
atmosphere but vibrated more intensely when outside of
it. As one of the crew members explained, the craft was
being driven by ‘the effects resulting from the magnetic
forces present in space’.

On returning to Earth, Dr Guimaraes noticed that his
watch had stopped working at the time he boarded the
craft, thus he was unable to determine how long the trip
had lasted, though he estimated that it had been for
about 30 to 40 minutes, judging from the hotel clock on
his return.

Dr Guimaraes believed that the crews of extraterrestrial 
craft were anxious to alert the inhabitants of
Earth to dangers threatening humanity. In his opinion,
some of our scientific experiments were being conducted
frivolously, such as the indiscriminate explosion of
atomic bombs which not only added to contamination
of the atmosphere but also destroyed those layers of our
atmosphere that filter out dangerous radiation. If more
care is not taken, we shall all suffer from the
consequences of the explosions, he warned.

Aftermath

Though barely able to contain himself, Dr Guimaraes at
first told no one (with the exception of his wife) about
his fantastic experience. Many months later he informed
three friends and colleagues: Dr Alberto Franco, a Sao
Paulo judge; a Dr Nilson, a lawyer; and later, Dr Lincoln
Feliciano, who contacted the media. Dr Guimaraes was
besieged from all sides by people wanting to hear more,
but he found it difficult to explain what precisely had
occurred because, he said, his experience related to
matters far above and beyond his knowledge.

During his trip, the professor said, an appointment
had been made for him to meet the crew of the craft
again, on 12 August 1957. The crew had shown him a
Zodiac of 12 constellations: a wheel indicated the year,
and the repetition of the number ‘8’ twelve times gave
him the impression of August. He did not keep the
appointment, he said, owing partly to the fact that a
party of people - including-the town’s deputy sheriff and
Major Paulo Salema of the Brazilian Air Force, who had
got wind of the meeting - had planned to go along to the
beach. Also, he said, the Air Force had advised him not
to keep the appointment; moreover, it had been
arranged for some jet-fighters to put in an appearance.

Had these fired on the disc, Dr Guimaraes felt that it
would have appeared like an act of treachery on his part.

In any event, the craft did not make a repeat appearance.

Although Professor Guimaraes agreed that he was of
an ‘idealistic turn of mind’, he insisted he was practical
too, and stressed that he had been fully conscious
throughout the experience, and not a victim of an
hallucination. 10,11,12

CHILD-SIZED HUMANOIDS
Miguel Espanol, a Spanish naval officer, was travelling
with a companion by truck to Ceres, Brazil, on 10
October 1957, when about three miles from
Quebracoco village he noticed a strong gleam of light
over a hill ahead. Just after the truck surmounted the
hill, a huge luminous object could be seen about a mile
away, hovering in the air, brilliantly illuminating the
surrounding countryside.

As it descended to a height of about 20 feet from the
ground, some 40 yards away, the object seemed to cause
the truck’s engine to stall. It then cut out all its lights,
except for a reddish one in an antenna on the dome.

Estimated to have a diameter of about 500 feet and a
depth of about 130 feet, the craft was oval-shaped, but
like two superimposed saucers separated by a circular
area of about 16 feet. A door opened and two beings
emerged, followed by another two pairs, then a seventh
one, who walked down the centre of two lines made by
the others.

Espanol described the beings as looking like childsized 
humans, with long hair and dressed in what
appeared to be luminous suits. The truck engine would
not work during this whole period, despite frantic efforts
to make it start. After silently observing the truck and its
two occupants for about three minutes, the space visitors
climbed back into their craft and the door shut. The huge
ship took off, climbed to a height of about 1,600 feet, at
which altitude it released a small disc, then disappeared
to the south.13

THE VENUSIANS COME TO ENGLAND

During the course of my nearly 40 years’ research into
contact cases, I have come across a number of accounts
involving encounters with extraterrestrials whose
alleged origin is Venus. Some of these accounts have
never been published, such as the following, which was
incorporated in a manuscript given to me by the
pioneering researcher Tony Wedd, a former Royal Air
Force flying instructor, designer and artist who taught
me much about this arcane subject.

Early one Sunday morning in November 1957,
newsagent Hubert Lewis was cycling to the town of
Church Stretton in Shropshire to collect newspapers. It
was miserably cold, dark, wet and windy, and he was
cursing and swearing at his lot in life. ‘I was really
browned off,’ he told Wedd. All at once in the half-light
a tall figure appeared in the road in front of him.

Hovering to Lewis’s right was a large object of ‘a dull
lightness’, which seemed to rotate, although part of it
was still.

Replying to Lewis’s question as to who he was and
whence he sprang, the stranger answered that there was
no need to be alarmed. ‘I must admit the whole circumstance 
at first did scare me,’ said Lewis. ‘I also remember
noticing how the wind had dropped, although I could
still hear it, but from away from us, and around us.’
The phenomenon of localized silence has occurred in
many close encounter cases, such as that claimed by the
Italian engineer Gianpietro Monguzzi, who together
with his wife witnessed a landed UFO and its occupant
in July 1952 on the Cherchen Glacier in the Italian Alps;
he succeeded in obtaining several remarkable (and
generally discredited) photographs before it flew off. As
in Lewis’s encounter, a howling gale suddenly subsided,
and all became silent during the landing.14 Lewis
continued:

My visitor spoke quite clear English, but with a slight lisp it
appeared, and he first rebuked me for my language, pointing
out that everybody on this earth had troubles and difficulties to
face, and that this life is merely a probationary period for a
further life after. He knew of my difficulties and troubles; he
spoke of my previous employment, and mentioned names of
people whom I had once known.

Lewis estimated that the conversation lasted nearly 30
minutes, during which time the circular object, thought
to be about 60 to 100 feet in diameter, hovered above
him and to the right, approximately 100 feet away. A
slight whistling sound emanated from it. The stranger
gave no indication of his origin at this stage, but was
‘kindly, understanding and gentle’. The tone of the
conversation then became somewhat more didactic, as
Lewis was treated to the Sunday-morning sermon of his
life.

He told me I had nothing to fear in the future from any evil. If
I would only keep calm and faithful, all would be well. He
promised I should be looked after and guided along the right
path if I kept faith. My [deceased] sons and my wife were still
with me in spirit, as were my friends (he mentioned one whom
I had forgotten, of forty years ago)... He wished me well, then
suddenly vanished, just like that. Here I would like to add that
this did puzzle me until Mr Cooke [James Cooke, a
contemporary English contactee] gave me the answer, and that
was that my visitor was projected before me but was really
away from me, possibly in the machine; and this could be what
happened.15

Projected Images

It is apposite to note here that in the case of Birmingham
housewife Cynthia Appleton, an encounter which took
place during the same month as that of Lewis (and about
40. miles from Church Stretton), an image of a tall, fair
man, dressed in a tight-fitting silvery garment with an
‘Elizabethan’ collar, and with straight hair almost to the
shoulders, cut in ‘page-boy’ fashion, appeared in her
home ‘just like a TV picture on the screen’ with an
accompanying ‘whistle’. The image was blurred at first,
then became sharp.

Without voicing her question, Mrs Appleton
wondered whence came this man.	‘From another
world,’ came the response, received telepathically. ‘Like
yours, it is governed by the Sun. We have to visit your
world to obtain something of which we are running
short. It is at the bottom of the sea.’ Mrs Appleton
thought the required substance was something that
sounded like ‘titium’, which her husband later suggested
might be titanium. (Although I have often wondered if
that might have been a misunderstood or mispronounced 
reference to lithium, the lightest of solids,
recourse to the book by Ellen Crystall mentioned in the
previous chapter suggests that the alien’s reference might
well have been to titanium.) ‘You are stripping bark
from the wrong tree to line the wrong boat,’ the man
continued. ‘You are concentrating on the wrong power.

You are trying to go “up” [i.e., against the force of
gravity]. We go like this,’ and he made a sweeping lateral
movement with both his hands and suddenly between
his outstretched fingers appeared a type of television
screen, on which could be seen a circular craft with a
transparent top half (with several figures inside looking
at her) and some much larger ships with several smaller,
circular craft attached underneath. Before the image
disappeared, the visitor said he would return in January.

On the second occasion, Cynthia Appleton was visited
in precisely the same manner by the same man, this time
with a companion. Communicating verbally on this
occasion, with careful, clipped articulation, they
informed her that they came from ‘Ghanas Vahn’ (or so
it sounded, pronounced with their guttural accent) on
Venus. Other people’s brains, they said, were not
suitable, as was hers, to witness this type of projection.

The image appeared to be quite solid. ‘You could not see
through them although the light of the window was
behind them,’ explained Mrs Appleton. When she asked
if she could touch the image, she was told that to do so
would be very injurious to her health.16

From another contactee (Joelle, whose experiences are
recounted in Chapter 12), I have learned that this
manner of projected image is but one of a host of mental
and technical feats of which certain extraterrestrials -
and some terrestrials, such as advanced yogis - are
capable.17 This particular phenomenon does not negate
the physical reality of the source of the projection.

A Link with the Spirit World?

Hubert Lewis went on to explain that his psychic
faculties had been stimulated by the experience. ‘Such
things of which my visitor had spoken had never
appealed to me previously, things such as an afterworld,’ 
he commented.

Personally, I had little faith; I always held the view that once
you were dead, that was the end. In my life I had seen so much
badness and the exploitation of man by man that no normal
person could have convinced me that life held anything but
sorrow for many and happiness for a few. Looking back, this
shock was the only thing which could have altered my views of
life.

Now I have faith. I have seen my wife, who appeared one
morning to me. I have had several conversations with my sons,
more especially with my youngest, who was an intellectual and
has made quite clear many things which I previously had no
idea could possibly be . . . There is a connection between a
spirit world and the planets and our after-life - please be
assured of this. I now have no fear of death.

Further Encounters

During May 1958, Lewis claimed to have been visited by
‘a high official of the police and another gentleman’,
who asked many questions. ‘I was advised to forget
certain matters and carry on my normal work and way
of life.’ Lewis decided to accept this advice, but early one
Sunday morning in the summer of 1958 he had another
contact, this time with a different being. The craft in
which he arrived was in the distance, and to meet Lewis,
the man had apparently walked across some fields.

Lewis was told that people from Venus are living on
Earth among us. Lewis went on:

I can assure you I have no fear of our friends (and I say this
with perfect confidence) for they are our friends (so God help
me and all of us) and if only our leaders and persons of
importance and authority would only meet them and
guarantee them safety and guarantee that their knowledge and
age-old abilities would not be exploited and imposed upon,
then I who know them and have been with them on this Earth
can say with truth and confidence that all of us who inhabit
this planet can be assured of a perfect life . . .

In July 1958 Lewis travelled by rail to Paddington
Station, London, where he met by prior arrangement
with his contact, who escorted him to a car in which he
was introduced to a woman of appearance similar to
that of the man. As it was a pleasant evening, they drove
into Hyde Park, and walked by the Serpentine for about
an hour. Later, the trio drove to Wanstead Flats, and
then to Forest Gate, where Lewis had a meal and the
others tea and sandwiches (!). At one stage the aliens
engaged each other in conversation in their own
language, unintelligible to Lewis, but soon joined him
for a fascinating discussion which lasted until midnight.

After having spent the night with a friend in Stratford,
Lewis met the same man, without his female companion,
at 18.00 the following day. A visit to the Spiritualist
Association of Great Britain at Belgrave Square, in
central London, was suggested. The two attended a
demonstration of clairvoyance by the famous medium
Rebecca Williams. Further meetings took place in
London that week, including a trip to St Paul’s
Cathedral, and finally both companions bade Lewis
farewell and saw him on to his train at Paddington.

Lewis described the appearance of the ‘Venusians’ as
well dressed but not overdressed, with a ‘likeness to
continental folk, dark, Jewish or perhaps Grecian. The
male friend as tall as I, more than six feet. Well built,
athletic, very strong I should say. Lady also tall, similar
features. Both very healthy-looking.’
There is much that I have learnt, much I am not yet allowed to
say. I have also been urged to be careful with whom I discuss
this excursion of mine, for there are many forces who desire to
know many things which could be of great advantage to the
few . . . Although I don’t know anything about this subject, it
is magnetic power which drives these craft - points of magnetic
pole. Each craft and space ship works to a purpose, whatever
they do. Many space craft land on Earth in various countries ...

Some are huge but these never land . . . and the planets have
many contacts on Earth. Also many are living among us, and
one cannot tell the difference. Medical men could, however, so
I understand.18

I	have known personally several contactees whose
experiences parallel those of Hubert Lewis in cases
where the possibility of collusion is very small, because,
firstly, I made a point of not introducing the parties to
each other until I had completed my independent investigations; 
while secondly, none of the stories had been
published.

Lewis’s comment that medical men could distinguish
between an alien and a terrestrial is interesting,
especially because it is now a matter of official record
that a qualified physician has claimed to have physically
examined an alleged extraterrestrial. As described in my
book Alien Liaison, in 1976 a Mexican paediatrics and
anaesthesia specialist, the late Dr Leopoldo Diaz,
examined a man who said he came from another
(unspecified) planet. The man proved to be normal in all
respects, with the exception of his very white skin,
extraordinary eyes with a wider iris than normal, and a
claimed age of eighty-four, while otherwise appearing
not older than in his forties or fifties. So taken aback was
Dr Diaz by this encounter that he contacted the United
Nations in New York and spoke there with a delegation.

One of the delegates was Robert Muller, then UN
Under-Secretary of Economic and Social Development,
who told me that unfortunately he was subsequently
unable to gain the interest of anyone in the UN in the
case. 19

THE OBSERVER

Air Marshal Sir Peter Horsley, former Deputy
Commander-in-Chief of Strike Command, has flown 90
types of aircraft, ranging from the Mosquito (in the
Second World War), to the Spitfire, Meteor, Hunter,
Lightning and Vulcan. He spent seven years in the
service of Her Majesty the Queen and HRH Prince
Philip as Equerry, and it was during this period that he
had an experience which had a profound effect on him -
an encounter with an apparently extraterrestrial being.

In his fascinating autobiography, Sounds From
Another Room, Sir Peter devotes a lengthy chapter to
the subject of UFOs, including details of his investigations 
into sightings reported by pilots; details which
he relayed to Prince Philip, who shared his interest in
the phenomenon. Another enthusiast was Air Chief
Marshal Sir Arthur Barratt, who retired from the RAF
at the end of the war. Barratt introduced Sir Peter to a
friend of his, a General Martin, who believed that flying
saucers were extraterrestrial vehicles from another
planet whose inhabitants were trying to warn us of the
perils of nuclear war. Sir Peter was not convinced.

One day in 1954, General Martin phoned Sir Peter,
inviting him to meet a Mrs Markham that night at her
London flat in Smith Street, Chelsea. G^fleral Martin
himself did not attend the meeting. There, in a dimly lit
room, he was introduced to a ‘Mr Janus . ‘Without any
preliminaries,’ writes Sir Peter, ‘Mr Janus dived straight
into the deep end by asking me to tell nim all I knew
about UFOs. He listened patiently ... At the end I
thought I might be equally as direct and asked Janus
what his interest was. He answered me quite simply, “I
would like to meet the Duke of Edinburgh.” ’ Somewhat
taken aback, Sir Peter replied that this would not be
easy. ‘I was about to add particularly for security
reasons but thought better of it,5 he writes. ‘But it was
here the strangeness of it all started - the man’s
extraordinary ability to read my thoughts.’ Asked why
he wanted to meet Prince Philip, Janus replied: ‘[He] is a
man of great vision . . . who believes strongly in the
proper relationship between man and nature which will
prove of great importance in future galactic harmony
. . . perhaps you and I can discuss the subject first and
you will be able to judge whether I am dangerous or not.’
Sir Peter devotes 14 pages to the ensuing two-hour
discourse, of which selected excerpts follow.

Per Ardua Ad Astra*
‘Through hardship to the stars’ - the RAF motto.

Janus began by pointing out that Man was ‘now striving
to break his earthly bonds and travel to the moon and
the planets beyond’. He continued:

But flight to the stars is Man’s ultimate dream, although
knowledge of the vast distances involved in interstellar flight
makes it appear only a dream. Yet perhaps after a hundred
years or so . . . exploration of his own solar system may be
complete and it is just not in Man’s nature to stop there ... Just
as tribes found other tribes and Christopher Columbus
discovered on his travels unknown centres of ancient civilizations, 
so Man in his journeys through the universe may find
innumerable centres of culture far more ancient than his
own . . . He will discover a wealth of experiences infinitely
more startling and beautiful than can be imagined: an infinite
variety of agencies and forces as yet unknown: great fields of
gravity and anti-gravity where objects are accelerated across
space like giant sling shots, even other universes with different
space and time formulae . . .

Why does Man reach for the stars? His energies have never
been solely directed towards material benefits alone. From the
beginning of Man’s history he has striven . . . towards a
spirituality and grace of which he was aware but could not
fully comprehend. This drive to reach out beyond himself has
been the motive power behind some of Man’s finest achievements 
... So Man invading space for material gain or personal
glorification alone will gain nothing, but Man searching to
enrich his own spirituality and nature will come closer to
understanding that God is Universal.

A Dark Age

‘The Earth is going through a Dark Age at the moment,’
Janus went on. ‘Material possessions count more than a
Man’s soul.’
Like a child, Man is preoccupied with his technological toys,
which he believes will bring him riches and happiness. This
shows up in the superficiality of his culture and a careless
disregard for nature. In his greedy quest for more complex
machines Man is prepared to sacrifice almost anything - his
natural environment, animals and even his fellow humans. The
dreadful spectre of blowing up his world hardly makes him
falter in this headlong rush.

Cosmogony

Janus expounded on cosmogony - the origin of life in the
universe - seemingly lending support to the so-called
‘Big Bang’ theory, which he referred to as ‘the generally
accepted theory’ of an expanding universe that
‘originated from the giant explosion of a vast area of
high density gas which contained all the elements
necessary for life and matter’.
‘If you accept this theory,’ he went on, ‘then all
galaxies contain the elements necessary for life and
matter; even at the very boundaries of the expansion, the
original explosion is still distributing these elements . . .

If you accept the theory of the expanding universe you
accept that it is an ocean of galaxies with solar and
planetary systems similar to our own. By the laws of
probability there must be millions of planets in the
universe supporting life, and within our own galaxy
thousands supporting life more advanced than on
Earth.’

Earth is a young planet with its Sun a young mother. We may
hazard a guess that other planets in [this] solar system are
unlikely to support life except in possibly rudimentary cellular
form and are no more than uninhabited and hostile islands. But
imagine a galactic solar system somewhere in space with
conditions similar to Earth except that its Sun is in the autumn
of its life. Provided its inhabitants have survived wars and alien
invasion, it is impossible to imagine what super-technology
and cultural advancement they have reached . . .

A Prediction

Janus predicted correctly that ‘perhaps in twenty years’
time manned rockets will be commonplace and the Earth
will be girdled by satellites of all sorts and sizes’, and that
there would be ‘great strides in the miniaturization of all
our present technology, advances in navigational
guidance and communication over vast distances’.

Non-Interference

Why then were aliens coming here? ‘The answer is that
this traffic is only a thin trickle in the vast highways of
the universe,’ explained Janus. ‘The Earth after all is a
galactic backwater inhabited by only half-civilized men,
dangerous even to their neighbours . . .’
Most of these vehicles are robot-controlled space probes
monitoring what is going on. Some are manned in order to
oversee the whole programme and to ensure the probes do not
land or crash by accident. They must also ensure that evidence
of their existence is kept away from the vast majority of Earth’s
population. You must be well aware of the damage which your
own explorers have done by appearing and living among simple
tribes, often leading to a complete disintegration of their society
and culture . . . Such impact is far too indigestible and only the
most developed societies can cope with such contact . . . The
basic principle of responsible space exploration is that you do
not interfere with the natural development and order of life in
the universe any more than you should upset or destroy an ant
heap or bee-hive ... You will have to grow a lot older and learn
how to behave on your own planet, if indeed you do not blow
yourselves up between times, before you are ready for galactic
travel.

The Observers

‘Since time immemorial,’ Janus continued, ‘there have
been tales of vessels coming out of the sky bringing
strange visitors. Observers do come among you and
make contact on a very selective basis where they judge
that such contact could not harm either party.’
These observers have studied Earth for a long time. With
advanced medical science they have been fitted with the right
sort of internal equipment to allow their bodies to operate
normally until they leave. It is not very difficult to obtain the
right sort of clothes and means to move around quite freely . . .

The observers are not interested in interfering in your affairs,
but once you are ready to escape from your own solar system
it is of paramount importance that you have learnt your
responsibilities for the preservation of life everywhere . . .

While you are still far away from travelling in deep space, such
contacts will be infrequent and must be conducted with great
secrecy ...

The observers have very highly developed mental powers,
including extra-sensory, thought reading, hypnosis and the
ability to use different dimensions . . . and rely solely on their
special powers to look after themselves. They make contact
only with selected people where secrecy can be maintained. In
the loosely-knit societies of the Western world, particularly in
England and America, it is fairly easy with the help of friends
to do this but not in police and dictator states.

The discourse ended. Sir Peter bade Mr Janus farewell,
saying that he would give consideration to the request to
meet Prince Philip.

‘What was Janus?’ asks Sir Peter. ‘Was he part of an
elaborate hoax or plot, was he a teacher, an imaginative
prophet of the future or what he had insinuated - an
observer? Whatever else he was, Janus left me with the
impression of a force to be reckoned with. He appeared
to know a great deal and spoke with authority about
space technology. If he was part of any kind of plot, it
was my duty to report the meeting to the security
authorities, particularly if it had anything to do with the
Royal Family.’

Immediately following the meeting, Sir Peter wrote a
verbatim report and gave it to Lieutenant-General Sir
Frederick ‘Boy’ Browning, Treasurer to Prince Philip. By
this time, Browning had become fascinated by the
subject, and was keen to arrange another meeting with
Janus. Sir Peter was not so sure, but nonetheless made
several phone calls to Mrs Markham over the next few
days. There was no answer. Eventually he contacted
General Martin, ‘who suddenly became distant and
evasive’. Finally, Sir Peter went round to Mrs
Markham’s flat in Chelsea. There was no sign of life.

According to her neighbours, Mrs Markham had left in
a hurry. ‘The curtain had dropped,’ writes Sir Peter.
‘Had Janus sensed that I was in two minds about
informing the security authorities of my meeting? I never
saw General Martin, Mrs Markham or Janus again.’20

‘I thought I would see them again and discuss it
further, and I thought it very odd that the flat was
empty,’ Sir Peter told me in 1997, in the peaceful garden
of his Hampshire home beside the River Test. I asked
him for more details of the meeting with Mr Janus. ‘It
was a winter evening,’ he began. ‘Mrs Markham’s flat
was on the first floor and she introduced me to Janus in
the drawing room, which was dimly lit by two standard
lamps. He sat in an easy chair by the side of the fire. He
didn’t get up when we shook hands. I sat in an easy chair
on the opposite side of the fire and Mrs Markham sat on
a sofa between us.’

Somehow, he was difficult to describe. What made it strange is
that I have no lasting impression of him: he seemed to fit
perfectly in his surroundings. If I have any impression of him,
it was his quiet voice which had a rich quality to it. He looked
about 45 to 50 years old, with thinnish, slightly grey hair, and
he was dressed in a suit and tie. He was quite normal in every
way, except that he seemed to be tuning in to my mind, and
gradually seemed to take over the conversation. Mrs Markham
offered me coffee and didn’t interrupt the conversation at any
point. My initial reaction was one of scepticism, but by the end
of the meeting, I was quite disturbed, really.

‘And what of the reaction at Buckingham Palace -
apart from that of General Browning?’ I queried.
‘Michael Parker, Prince Philip’s Private Secretary,
thought it a joke,’ he replied. ‘But Prince Philip had an
open mind.’21

In 1969, Sir Peter Horsley was posted to the Ministry
of Defence as Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Operations),
responsible for the management of air operations
worldwide and reporting to the Vice Chief of Air Staff.

In his remarkable autobiography, he reveals that in the
Air Force Operations Room (AFOR) he discovered ‘a
rich vein of UFO reports in the form of an Annexe to a
Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) where every report
of a UFO, from whatever source, was logged, examined
and filed; those which might have either public or
political repercussions came to my desk’.22
‘There were a great many reports,’ he told me. ‘Of
course, 95 per cent were explainable. Our main concern
was the Soviets invading our airspace. But they were sent
to the RAF’s scientific [and technical intelligence] branch
for detailed analysis. I also learned that the Americans
were treating the subject with great secrecy.’
‘I admire your courage in coming forward with such a
story,’ I said. ‘How do you feel about the ridicule you
received from the press when the Janus story came out,
particularly the article in The Times by Dr Thomas
Stuttaford, wherein he states that you must have suffered
an hallucination or delusion?’23
‘It didn’t take much courage, as I was only reporting
what actually happened,’ he responded. ‘I’ve met a
number of senior RAF officers who agree that something
strange is going on. It’s only the papers that make up
that you’re hallucinating or have had an illusion . . .’
As to the incredible Mr Janus, the very credible Sir
Peter Horsley retains an open mind.24

COSMIC CULTURE SHOCK

In April 1961, the respected Italian journalist Bruno
Ghibaudi took a series of photographs purporting to
show several unusual flying craft on the shores of the
Adriatic coast at Pescara. One of the pictures is of a craft
so unusual as to render fakery irrelevant (see plates). At
that time, Ghibaudi was well known to the Italian
television and radio public as a reporter on scientific
subjects, especially aviation and space travel.

A year or so before taking the photographs, Ghibaudi
had been asked by his superiors to prepare a television
programme about people claiming to have seen flying
saucers. Hitherto, he had paid little heed to the subject,
but as he began to travel around Italy interviewing
people, he was astonished to discover just how many
had seen them, or taken photos, or met the occupants, or
had recovered pieces of metal and other materials left by
craft that had landed. He also learnt that many witnesses
who had spoken out had either lost their jobs or had
been subjected to such a barrage of ridicule or hours of
grilling by officialdom that they had become thoroughly
fed up with the whole matter and thus were loath to
relate their experiences any further - especially to a
journalist. Before embarking on his second tour of Italy,
however, Ghibaudi was told by his bosses that the
projected programme had been cancelled. By then
Ghibaudi had become so impressed by the evidence he
had gathered that he continued the investigation on his
own.

In the summer of 1961, a few months after taking the
photographs in Pescara, Ghibaudi claimed that he had
been invited to meet some of the ‘space people’. As with
Sir Peter Horsley, the meeting took place in a house, the
location of which Ghibaudi declined to reveal. Several
witnesses were present, including the ‘go-between’ who
had arranged the meeting. In an interview with Le Ore
in January 1963, translated by Gordon Creighton,
Ghibaudi provided no detailed description of the
visitors, confining himself mostly to what he had learnt
from them, though he did say that some of them are so
much like us in appearance that they were able to
infiltrate. In their chance meetings with Earth people, he
said, they sometimes communicate by gesture or
telepathy, and sometimes in the language of the person
contacted. After all, he surmised, people who are so
advanced technically are unlikely to have any difficulty
in learning our languages.

The human form is ‘universal throughout the
Cosmos,’ said Ghibaudi, ‘and yet the idea of this has
generally been rejected by Earthmen as impossible, no
doubt because, as almost always, the truth is too simple
to be accepted’. Apart from various superficial
differences, beings throughout the universe resemble
Homo sapiens, though Ghibaudi conceded that some of
their internal organs may well be different; even perhaps
performing quite different functions.

These space visitors, Ghibaudi continued, were
coming to our planet from many different worlds; hence
some differences in body sizes, for example. What is
happening now, he claimed, is simply that the ‘infant
civilization of Earth-Man being at a point of particularly
grave crisis, the space beings are prepared to reveal
themselves to us more’. He confirmed that the people he
met, at least, were benevolent and desirous of helping us:
their aim, to prevent nuclear catastrophe by intervening
if it became unavoidable. He added that although these
beings are many thousands of years ahead of us
technically and scientifically, as well as ethically, they are
not omnipotent. ‘They are men,’ stressed Ghibaudi, ‘so
we must not rely on them to get us out of our difficulties.

For, not being infallible, even their efforts and their
concern might not always suffice to avert disaster if
something went wrong or some accident nullified their
plans to avert the worst.’

On the subject of nuclear weapons, Ghibaudi pointed
out that although extraterrestrials are capable of
destroying such weapons, ‘the human heart would
nevertheless remain unchanged. We would still retain
the ability and, above all, the intention, to build fresh
nuclear devices.’ Hence the extraterrestrials he met were
working in a more subtle manner to influence the minds
of men. ‘They fully realize the dangers of any kind of
broad prohibitive action. They know that in the last
analysis Earth-Man must make his own way . . .’

Negative Comparisons

Although nuclear weapons remained one of the principal
reasons why the extraterrestrials were revealing themselves 
more to Earth people, Ghibaudi emphasized that
there were also other reasons, which he was forbidden to
disclose.

The principal consideration in the minds of the
benevolent visitors in adopting so reticent a policy
towards us, claimed Bruno Ghibaudi, was not only the
great danger that would ensue from panic - ‘tremendous
as these dangers would no doubt be, where primitive and
backward creatures like ourselves were concerned’ - but
also that their open appearance among Earth people
would lead inevitably to negative comparisons. Humankind 
might feel so deflated and inferior that it might lose
hope. And how could politicians possibly cope with
such a scenario? ‘Our masses are not yet ready for a
revelation of this kind,’ Ghibaudi asserted.

Do not let us forget that between their science and ours there is
a gap of thousands of years, and that for this reason an ‘official’
mass descent of space beings from other planets would
inevitably bring about comparisons between their worlds and
ours. How could such an encounter be permitted? At an inner
level, we should quite certainly be severely shaken as a result of
it, and they do not want to alarm us in any way. And this is all
the more so, inasmuch as there are cosmic laws which prevent
the more evolved races from interfering, beyond certain limits,
in the evolution and development of the more backward races.

For every race must be the maker of its own progress, paying the
price for it with its sacrifices, its failures, and its victories . . .25


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Diario de Cordoba, 1 May 1957, translated by Gordon
Creighton, in Flying Saucer Review, vol. 11, no. 1,
January-February 1965, pp. 19-20.
2.	Bowen, Charles, ‘A South American Trio’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 11, no. 1, January-February 1965, p. 20.
3.	Diario de Cordoba, 22 August 1957, translated by Gordon
Creighton, ‘UFO Bases in South America?’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 11, no. 4, July-August 1965, pp. 30-1.
4.	Albanese, Renate, ‘Luciano Galli’s Contact Claim’,
translated by Gordon Creighton from Domenica della
Sera, June 1962, in Flying Saucer Review, vol. 8, no. 5,
September-October 1962, pp. 29-30.
5.	Lorenzen, Coral E., The Great Flying Saucer Hoax: The
UFO Facts and Their Interpretation, William-Frederick,
New York, 1962, pp. 146-7.
6.	Ibid., pp. 147-8.
7.	Fontes, Dr Olavo T., The APRO Bulletin, September 1957,
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, Alamogordo,
New Mexico, in Jules Lemaitre, ‘A Strange Story from
Brazil’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 6, no. 1, January-
February 1960, pp. 9-11.
8.	Lorenzen, op. cit., pp. 150-3.
9.	UFO Investigator, vol. 1, no. 1, National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena, Washington 6, DC, July
1957.
10.	Biihler, Dr Walter, SBEDV Bulletin, no. 4, Rio de Janeiro,
1. July 1958, translated by Gordon Creighton, in ‘A
Brazilian Contact Claim’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 7, no.
5., September-October 1961, pp. 18-20.
11.	Biihler, op. cit., translated by Gordon Creighton, in
‘Remarkable Confirmation for Adamski?’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 29. no. 4, July-August 1983 (pub. April
1984.), pp. 13-16.
12.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘The Humanoids in Latin America’, in
Charles Bowen (ed.), The Humanoids, Neville Spearman,
London, 1969, pp. 99-100.
13.	Faria, J. Escobar (ed.), UFO Critical Bulletin, Sao Paulo, in
‘Giant Space Ship lands in Brazil’, Flying Saucer Review,
vol. 4, no. 3, May-June 1958, p. 24.
14.	Zinsstag, Lou, ‘Monguzzi Takes Saucer Photos of the
Century’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 4, no. 5,
September-October 1958, pp. 2-4, and information
supplied to the author by Lou Zinsstag.
15.	Letter to Anthony Wedd from Hubert Lewis, 27 May
1958.
16.	Trench, Brinsley le Poer, ‘Birmingham Woman Meets
Spacemen’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 4, no. 2, March-
April 1958, pp. 5-6.
17.	Yogananda, Paramahansa, Autobiography of a Yogi, Self-
Realization Fellowship, Los Angeles, 1951.
18.	Letters to Anthony Wedd from Hubert Lewis, 27 May and
8.	August 1958.
19.	Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret,
Century, London, 1991, pp. 74-6.
20.	Horsley, Sir Peter, Sounds From Another Room: Memories
of Planes, Princes and the Paranormal, Leo Cooper,
London, 1997, pp. 180-96.
21.	Interview with the author, Hampshire, 21 September 1997.
22.	Horsley, op. cit., p. 201.
23.	Stuttaford, Dr Thomas, ‘Air marshal’s flight of fancy’, The
Times, 14 August 1997.
24.	Interview with the author, Hampshire, 21 September 1997.
25.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘The Italian Scene - Part 3’, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 9, no. 3, May-June 1963, pp. 18-20,
translated from Le Ore, 24/31 January 1963.




PART TWO




=========================================================
Chapter 11. LET HUMANITY BEWARE!

Even if not all accounts of encounters with extraterrestrials 
are believable, many reports are consistent,
and the claimants remain convinced, sometimes after
many years have passed, that something exceptional
happened to them - something that changed their lives
for ever. The following story from Argentina is a case in
point that involves a witness of apparently irreproachable 
character. This case was investigated by Hector
Antonio Picco, as well as by three of his colleagues (Jorge
H.	Cosso, Sotero Caraballo and Eduardo R. Rando),
over a period of eight years. Translation is by Jane
Thomas Guma.

THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE

One night in August 1956, Orlando Jorge Ferraudi was
fishing as usual on the then deserted coast of the
Northern Resort, where University City is now located,
near Buenos Aires.

It was about 11.30 p.m. and while I was getting my gear ready,
I suddenly started to feel as if someone was observing me. I
thought it was a ‘bum’ who usually hangs around that place
but when I turned my head I saw ‘him’; a strange individual
observing me. Comparing him with my 1.90 meters, I at once
estimated he was more than two meters tall. His skin was very
white and he had very light-colored eyes, no beard nor
mustache, had short and neat hair, and he wore some kind of
tight-fitting ‘overall’.

It was a very dark night and I noticed him telling me
mentally: ‘Take it easy, don’t be afraid, you mustn’t be scared.’
Then he turned around, taking my arm, and placed some kind
of ‘powder box’ on top of the wall which, when opened, gave
off a phosphorescent luminosity. This allowed me to see more
details: his suit was a yellow-mustard color, had no wrinkles,
zippers or buttons; it had a hood in the back of its head. He
was repeating: ‘Don’t be afraid, you will come with me, we will
take a long trip.’
He picked up his device and we went down the steps towards
the Rio de la Plata. I followed him like an automaton. He
suddenly pointed his ‘little machine’ and I could see that a
strange craft in the shape of an inverted saucer was approaching 
from the water. It stopped and a little door opened from
which a ramp came out and a similar being walked towards
both of us. Taking my hand very gently, he invited me to go
inside the craft.

On Board

As soon as Ferraudi entered the craft, he noticed a girl
who was five or six years younger than him (he was 18
at the time). By her clothes, he deduced that she was not
one of ‘them’.
‘Don’t be afraid, they won’t hurt us, they are good,’
the girl said. ‘I came into this thing a while before you.

My name is Elena, I’m from Villa Mercedes [San Luis
province].’ Ferraudi continued:

Suddenly ‘they’ came and told us, always telepathically, ‘Don’t
worry, you will have to undress and change clothes because the
things that you wear have elements and germs that are alien to
us.’ A woman appeared - taking Elena into another room -
identical to several who came later: a beautifully proportioned
body and dressed in the same clothes as the men; mouth, nose
and ears were normal, but her eyes, which also seemed normal,
were almost yellow. The haircut was like that of the ‘Valiant
Prince’.

They took the clothes I had taken off, following an order I
could not disobey because their control over me was complete, 
and put [them] inside a machine that looked like a TV
set, inside of which was a thick green smoke. They gave me
an overall like the one they wore, ordering me [to] put it on.

I told them that I couldn’t because it was too narrow, but they
insisted. I saw it had a hole where the neck would be and put
a leg inside, then the other, and the overall expanded and
covered me completely! I also felt like I was wearing
comfortable shoes when I walked, even though I was
barefoot.

By this time Elena had returned, and the two were told
that they would be taken for a trip underwater, to a
place called Samborombon Bay. ‘From there,’ continued
Ferraudi, ‘we would emerge and fly at low altitude until
we reached the coast of Uruguay, then we would cross
the Atlantic Ocean to Africa, and then we would go up.’
‘We must take these precautions so we won’t be
detected and thus avoid being seen as invaders or conquerors,’ 
the cosmonauts explained. ‘We want your
people to get used to us slowly, to see us as anybody else,
because we are hot strangers in this part of the universe.’
During his interviews with Picco, Ferraudi would ask
that the sound recorder be turned off at instances when
asked if he knew where his ‘abductors’ came from. His
off-the-record reply - though he now admits it openly -
is interesting. ‘I’m not supposed to say it yet: they come
from inside the Earth.’ According to Ferraudi, in about
1950 the aliens had built two underwater bases, one on
the Uruguayan coast in front of the Barra de San Juan,
45 kilometres from Buenos Aires, and the other in the
Bahia Samborombon, about 150 kilometres southwest
of Montevideo.1 Supposedly another base had been
established in the Gulf of Mexico, and it was there that
Orlando and Elena were then taken for a brief visit.

An Underwater Base

‘When the craft gained altitude,’ continued Ferraudi, ‘I
noticed that the inner walls were smooth, and the only
remarkable thing in its structure was the oblong
windows: they took us, the little girl and me, close to one
of them.’

We could see our beautiful planet, blue enormous, round, with
white spots and some clouds, ‘hanging’ in a dark and silent
space. Our Moon was an opaque grey. They told us: ‘We will
now project a force-field that will attract us as if we were inside
a tube.’ And immediately the Earth became as small as an
orange. I felt no fear, no jolt to justify such a movement. They
told us we would return at the same speed.

When we started to return I screamed, ‘Careful, we will
crash!’ ‘Don’t worry,’ they said. ‘When we get very close we
will create a field so as not to collide with Earth.’ We entered
the ocean, maybe through the Gulf of Mexico, and after a few
minutes of travelling underwater, we saw an immense sub-
aquatic dome, similar to a giant Eskimo ‘igloo’, where buildings, 
people in motion and several ships similar to ours, could
be seen. One of ‘them’ said: ‘It is a base to recondition our
ships.’

After leaving behind these five or six blocks of
buildings submerged in the bottom of the ocean,
Orlando and Elena were told that they would be
submitted to a ‘test’, and that they should relax, so the
result would be accurate.

The Test

One of the female crew members brought a tray with ten
small ‘eggs’, Ferraudi continued. ‘Five were for Elena, the
other five for me, they said.’
The colors were red, yellow, brown, green and another I don’t
remember. We had to chew and eat them, and we also had to
drink a clear, thick liquid. When we swallowed them, neither
of those things had any taste.

We were ordered to lie down on some stretchers that were
padded and had a U-shaped headrest, dotted with lights that
were the same color as the little eggs we ate. We fell deeply
asleep and when we woke up, Elena and I could read our
mutual thoughts, which we thought was quite funny. We were
told that the results from the test were good, that both of us
were very healthy and that in this way they had thoroughly
learned about our physical and mental states, and even the date
of our deaths. We were also informed that they had reactivated
what we call our pineal gland, and this is when they said (I
realize that now) what was maybe the most important part of
the experience:

‘You will be useful to us in the future, because this gland is
the only legacy that remained here from us, since of the five
races that inhabit this planet, none is originally from Earth,
they are only remnants of civilizations from other planets. The
Earth has been known for a long time to be the zoo of the solar
system. The races that exist today have suffered genetic
mutations due to their own fault; when they mixed they caused
hybridization, destroying the stock, but what remains from
what they once were is the pineal gland. That is why we
reactivated it, so when we think about you, you will
immediately hear a kind of hum inside your heads.’2
In physiological terms, the pineal gland (or body) is
defined as:

A pea-sized mass of nerve tissue attached by a stalk to the
posterior wall of the third ventricle of the brain, deep between
the cerebral hemispheres at the back of the skull. It functions
as a gland, secreting the hormone melatonin 3 . . . Some
evidence suggests that it is a vestigial organ, the remnant of a
third eye.4

Energy, God and Death

Orlando and Elena were then invited to see the rest of
the craft. A remarkable detail, corroborating what many
others have reported, was that it was impossible to
discern where the ‘perfect illumination’ came from. ‘It
was as if the air was “turned on”,’ remarked Ferraudi.

They showed us the engine: it was round, surrounding the edge
of the whole ship, which was some 70 metres in diameter. It
was formed by a series of huge interlinked bobbins, and we
could see other beings there, but wearing blue clothes, gloves
and a kind of visor that covered their faces. Surprised, I asked
them, ‘Is that what you fly with?’ The being that accompanied
us answered: ‘No, we don’t fly, we simply slide along a force-
field. We use three energies: cosmic, magnetic and solar. We
can move in space using all three or only one of them. With
regard to our ship, which you call a flying saucer, it is built in
one piece because when we built it, it is as if we molded it, and
the windows are “adhered” . . .’5
In response to a question about ‘God and death’, the
‘Gentleman from Poseidon’ (as Ferraudi called him)
responded briefly:

For us, what you call God is a form of absolute Energy, and as
to death, it is only a change in molecular structure, a change of
state. We only use sex to procreate, but we also have families
and know love. Our lifespan is much longer than yours. Our
children are already born with all the knowledge and keep
perfecting it as they grow.

The discussion then focused on the ‘indiscriminate
and irrational use of nuclear energy on our part’, said
Ferraudi, ‘which endangers not only our habitat which
we share with “them”, but also the cosmic equilibrium.

And showing us an instrument that one of them held in
his hands, they made us look towards a window where a
solid body was floating.’
The being pointed the device at it and a beam shot out which
blew it up as soon as it made contact. He said to us: ‘This is
pure energy; when it touches its objective it disintegrates it, it
completely dissolves everything it touches.’ And finally, his last
and unforgettable warning: ‘We want you to know this: [this]
power is what we will regrettably use if you should endanger
the stellar harmony . . .’

Return to Earth

Finally, Orlando and Elena were informed that they
would be returned to the place from where they had been
taken, and that for a time they would remember nothing.

Later, memories of these events came back. For example,
Ferraudi recalls that on arrival the beings asked him to
bend down, then they pointed a very bright light at him,
causing him to fall asleep. He woke up with the sun
almost up and his body feeling very numb, without
remembering whether he had caught any fish. He
gathered up his fishing-tackle and went home.

Fifteen days later, when he was again getting his
fishing-tackle ready for another Saturday night of fishing
at the same spot, Ferraudi reasoned to himself: ‘I don’t
know why I should go fishing, if I end up falling asleep.’
Suddenly, it ‘clicked’. ‘No! I didn’t fall asleep! I travelled
in a flying saucer!’

‘I am sure I did not dream all this,’ Ferraudi told
Hector Antonio Picco, the principal investigator. After
questioning the witness repeatedly over an eight-year
period, all the while carefully studying his body
language, Picco has concluded that Ferraudi is totally
truthful. Furthermore, Picco is impressed by the fact that
the beings evidently imparted to Ferraudi scientific and
medical information well beyond his own knowledge.

For instance, Ferraudi wanted to create a ‘machine’ to
cure cancer. In the beginning of his manuscript, ‘Cancer:
its origin and development’, he writes:

The origin of this disease lies in the altered functions of the
ductless glands, which due to their bioelectrical balance having
been upset, drain into the blood incomplete humors that lead
to the irrational forming of the cells. This phenomenon leads to
the immediate consequence of these humours circulating
throughout the whole body, since blood is a vehicle; thus
incomplete humors look for the weakest organs where they can
exert their influence within a favorable field.

In July 1975, years after Orlando Ferraudi outlined
this theory, Nobel Prize-winner (1937) Dr Albert Szent-
Gyorgyi came out with his ‘electromagnetic theory’ of
cancer, which was expressed in a very similar way to that
of Ferraudi - despite the fact that the abductee had only
the most rudimentary knowledge of medicine.6

A SUBTERRANEAN SPACE-BASE

While walking and studying in an isolated area near
Halmstad, Sweden, on the afternoon of 15 August 1960,
Olaf Nielsen, a student of agriculture, claims to have
been abducted by extraterrestrials and taken to a
‘subterranean space-base’. This is his incredible,
fascinating story, as related in 1962 to an Italian
businessman, Paulo Bracci:

Suddenly I felt myself as it were in a dizziness and sucked up
into the air. Despite my terror I had the presence of mind to
note what was happening. At a height of some 20 metres from
the ground was a flying saucer, and I was being drawn straight
up to it. Finding myself in empty space like this, and carried off
in such a manner, I lost consciousness.

When I came round again I found myself stretched out on a
very soft couch, inside a small cabin. The cabin was of a pale
green colour, lit by a diffused light that had no source. One
would have said that the light came from the walls themselves.

Suddenly a door opened and a being came in. He was in every
way similar to us, except that he was wearing an overall. He
approached, smiled at me, and, in my own language, begged
my pardon for the way in which I had been carried off.

Nielsen went on to assert that he had been taken very
rapidly to a subterranean space-base.

It seemed at first as though I was out in the open, but instead
of that I found that I was in a large brightly-lit cavern. In my
curiosity, I asked the guide whether there were many of these
bases on Earth. After a moment of hesitation, he replied that
such bases had existed on the Earth for very many years past.

Some were in Central Asia, where thousands of years ago, the
guide added, there used to be flourishing cities. Others, he said,
are on the high plateau of the Pamirs, and in Central Africa,
and in South America, where the space visitors had adapted for
their own purposes ‘secret pre-Incan cities’.

Olaf Nielsen said that he was shown several saucers,
as well as an apparatus for setting up a protective
‘magnetic curtain’ at the entrance to the base. His guide
explained that these were precautionary measures,
directed not against the people of our Earth, but against
the ‘Dark Ones’, i.e., bellicose space-beings who supposedly 
came from the vicinity of Orion and who were
desirous of conquering the Earth.

Gordon Creighton shares my feeling that this case
contains important information. ‘It is a fact,’ he states,
‘that Central Asia, now desiccated, once had great
civilizations, and there is a persistent [native] tradition,
not entirely supported by any evidence, that there still
exist undiscovered Incan or pre-Incan cities in the
Andes.’7

FLYING SUBMARINES IN THE MEDITERRANEAN

It was 06.35 on 3 June 1961. Giacomo Barra and three
friends were in a motorboat off Savona in the Gulf of
Genoa. The men had shut down the engine and were
enjoying the early-morning breeze when suddenly the
rocking motion of the waves increased and the boat
began to roll badly. As Barra reported:

We looked around, thinking it must be due to the proximity of
one of the many tankers that put into our port. But nothing of
the sort. At a distance of a kilometre from us, the surface of the
sea was bulging like an enormous ball, with long billows going
out from it on all sides. Dumbfounded, we were still wondering
what it was when, suddenly, a strange contraption rose up
from the bulge of the water. Perhaps it was one of the
celebrated ‘flying saucers’, for the lower part of it looked like a
plate upside down, and the upper part ended in a cone. While
it was emerging from the sea, the water was thrust away all
round it, as by a cushion of air. After it had emerged
completely from the sea, it stopped still for a few seconds, at a
height of 10 metres or so, and then rocked slightly a few times.

Then a halo formed round the base of it, and the thing shot
away very fast across the sea and vanished towards the
northwest.8

A Report from Three Men in Two Boats
The following is one of a number of reports of unknown
‘flying submarines’ collected from fishermen at the
French fishing port of Le Brusc, between Marseilles and
Nice. None of the fishermen was prepared to have his
name revealed. This incident took place on 1 August
1962.,	between 23.00 and 23.30, on a warm, clear night.

Here follows a report by the first witness:

Suddenly, at about 300 metres from me, I saw a large metallic
body, elongated in shape, and with a sort of chimney or turret
in the middle. It seemed to be moving along slowly on the
surface of the sea. Then finally it stopped. I said to my
companions in the other boat: ‘A submarine has surfaced over
there quite close to us. It doesn’t seem to worry them!’
One of the others replied: ‘It must be a foreign sub. It’s a
model that I don’t know.’ Then there was some disturbance
and waves coming around the submarine, and I was able to
make out some frogmen coming out of the sea and climbing up
on to the craft. We shouted to them. But at first they didn’t
even turn round to look at us. My two companions, who had
also seen them, and had heard me hailing them, also called to
them with their loud-speaker . . .

There was no reply from their side. I had a good view of
them. I counted about a dozen of them getting up onto the
submarine. Then three or four of them did look around, and
hesitated for a few moments, before vanishing into the ship.

Finally, before rejoining the rest, the last man turned towards
us and raised his right arm above his head and waved it for a
few seconds in greeting, to say he had seen us, and then he
disappeared into the craft like the rest.

Up to this point, the three men had been convinced
that the craft was merely a foreign submarine engaged in
manoeuvres; that is, until it began to rise into the air.

We saw the machine rise right up out of the water and hang
there just above the waves. Then we saw lights go on; red,
green, and a beam of white light shot out and reached as far as
our boats. This beam was from a searchlight, and gave off no
heat or anything unpleasant. Then [it] went out . . . the craft
was lit up with an orange-sort of glow, and the red and green
lights went out. The machine started to rotate very slowly,
from left to right, and rose to about 20 metres above the sea.

Its appearance was, as we now saw, like an oval or almost
round dish, and of the dimensions of a medium-sized
submarine. It hung there stationary for a few minutes. Then
it began to rotate faster, its light grew brighter, and suddenly
it shot off horizontally at high speed over the sea, amid a vast
silence. Its light now took on the colour of red flame and it
flattened out and came back right round over us in a beautiful
curve while climbing all the while and increasing speed, and
then it vanished as a tiny dot among the stars . . . Apart from
the sound of the waves, we had heard no sound from it, and
you can well imagine that we asked ourselves what it could
possibly have been.9

A CRYPTIC ENCOUNTER NEAR FLORENCE

Mario Zuccala had just returned home by bus to San
Casciano, Val di Pesa, Italy, from Florence (20
kilometres away), where he worked as a tailor. It was 10
April 1962, a clear, starry night. Shortly before 21.30, as
he was walking through some open ground in the district
of Cidinella where he lived, the 26-year-old man felt
himself ‘struck and lifted up slightly by a sharp gust of
wind.’
Fig. 16. (FSR Publications)
An object, resembling two plates joined together with
a diameter of about 8.5 metres, could be seen hovering
some six metres above the ground. A cylinder of about
1.5 metres in width came down from the lower side of
the machine until it touched the ground. Zuccala later
conjectured that the cylinder, once it had touched the
ground, re-entered the machine again, leaving exposed
one side of the cylinder in which a door opened slowly,
while two small doors were gliding towards the outside,
therefore they may have been two cylinders moving, one
within the other (see Fig.16). In any event, from the
opened door appeared an empty space, illuminated by a
diffused, brilliant white light. Three steps, about 40
centimetres high, could also be seen. Then, as investigator 
Ceccarelli Silvano relates, two beings, about 1.5
metres tall, came out of the opening.

Their bodies resembled ours in so far as they could be seen, i.e.,
as to exterior form, because as for the rest they were
completely covered by an ‘armour’ of shining metal. Two
antennae came out from their heads . . . These two little men
took hold of him gently under his armpits and took him inside
the object. Signor Zuccala went up the three steps and went
inside. The interior was empty and shining all over with the
same light which he had seen from outside. [He] did not notice
any detail in the interior of the object. The two beings left hold
of him and Signor Zuccala remembers that he asked where that
light came from but he does not remember having had a reply.

He then heard a voice which did not come from the two beings
with him but from the inner part of the object; according to
Signor Zuccala this voice was like one amplified by a
microphone and as if resounding in a vast space.

The voice, speaking in Italian, gave Zuccala the
following cryptic and rather silly message:

At the fourth moon we shall come at one o’clock in the
morning to bring you a message for humanity. We shall give
notice of this to another person in order to confirm that that
which you have seen is true.

Whether the ‘fourth moon’ was supposed to have
meant the fourth from the beginning of the year, which
would have been the full moon of 20 April 1962, or
whether it meant four moons reckoning from the day of
the sighting, was not clear. In any case, there was no
return visit.

The two beings escorted Zuccala from the craft.

Suddenly he found himself at home at about 21.45, with
no recollection as to how he had arrived there. His wife
heard four strong knocks at the door and went to open
it, rather alarmed because her husband usually knocked
only once, and then lightly, and Zuccala himself could
not remember having knocked four times. He looked
dazed and frightened, and at first seemed unable to make
up his mind whether to stay outside or go into the house.

He told his wife about what had happened then went to
bed, sleeping fitfully.

The next morning, Zuccala spoke to a colleague at
work who telephoned a newspaper. The story appeared
in all the papers that evening and on ensuing days.

Journalists pointed out that there was not the slightest
evidence on the ground where the strange object had
been, but by all accounts Zuccala, the father of four
children, was an honest man. ‘He speaks with calm
assurance of what he has seen,’ reported Silvano. ‘I
asked him whether in his life he has had any
hallucinations - to which he replied in the negative.’10

SPACIAL DILATION

Cases such as the foregoing, involving a craft with a
central cylindrical column containing the entrance, have
been reported in numerous instances. The following case
involves a similar such column, but one which led into a
bizarre interior. The encounter, investigated principally
by Joel Mesnard, is said to have occurred one Sunday
evening in November of 1961 or 1962.

The witness, Michel, about 19 years old at the time,
came out of the local cinema at 17.30. It was already
dark. Because his adoptive father was playing cards in a
nearby cafe, Michel decided to return by himself on his
bicycle to their isolated farm, near Bray-sur-Seine, 80
kilometres southeast of Paris. He had at least a kilometre
left to ride when, coming from the left of the farm
courtyard, he noticed a steady beam of light rising
vertically to the sky. ‘The light was orange-red,’ reported
Mesnard, ‘and the cylinder of light, with defined edges,
rose very high in the sky. The closer Michel came to the
farm, the less he understood what was going on ... he
put down his bike and walked around the buildings from
the outside of the surrounding wall.’ And there it was.

He came upon an enormous object sitting on the ground, about
50. metres away. The upper cupola, which had portholes, was
turning. The lower part was cylindrical and had a large vertical
opening. He could see the brightly illuminated inside. It seemed
that the lower side of the cylinder was not resting directly on
the ground, but that the device was suspended in the air.

Michel continued to approach. He slipped under the flat,
central part of the object to where he could look through the
opening to the interior.

Amazingly, like the ‘Tardis’ (telephone kiosk) in the
British TV series Dr Who, the interior was immense,
‘incomparably larger than the cylinder seen from the
outside’. It seems to me that this effect may have been
due to a local distortion of the ‘space-time continuum’, a
phenomenon of a highly advanced technology, and one
reported by several other witnesses coming in close
proximity to or claiming to have gone inside
extraterrestrial craft. Michel stopped just short of the
opening, but did not go in. The interior of the cylinder is
described thus:

It was immense - at least six metres in diameter, which was
about four times the diameter of the exterior. When he looked
up, he could see nothing resembling a ceiling. All around the
huge cylindrical room, he saw a variety of apparatuses holding
moving lights, ‘luminous dials in many colours with characters
that moved’. The dominant colors were ‘light violet and deep
salmon’. Near, but not at the center, was a vertical column that
seemed between 70 centimetres and one metre in diameter and
that turned around its axis. What made this rotation visible
was something like a cable, wound like a helix around the
column, ‘like a snake’.

According to Michel’s memory, he was watching this
incredible spectacle when the sound of a fan, coming
apparently from above, began and increased in intensity as the
rotation of the column increased and the dials became brighter.

That was when he was thrown back about four or five metres.

The portholes on the cupola turned very fast. The opening
closed and the cylinder went up into the body of the object.

The object became luminous - a bright orange. It tipped, rose,
and in an instant disappeared toward the south. In five
seconds, it looked like an ordinary star.

Michel did not discuss his encounter with anyone until
1978. Ten years later, he spoke to Joel Mesnard, who
points out that, despite the bizarre nature of the report,
‘Michel appears to be as credible as anyone can be and
his story is clear and coherent.’11

A TALE FROM THE VIENNA WOODS

Bobby is a Filipino pianist, to whom I was introduced in
1962 by my friend John Bingham, the now well-known
pianist, when we were fellow-students at the Royal
Academy of Music in London. Though Bobby was
aware at the time of my interest in the subject of UFOs -
knowledge which may bear on the validity of his story -
I include his alleged encounter here because not only did
he seem genuinely disturbed by it, but also because there
are parallels with certain other encounters which he
could not have known about at the time. He described
his experiences in a handwritten manuscript and gave it
to me to do with as I wished, with the proviso that I
never publish his full name.

‘It is not that I could not bear to expose myself to a
barrage of questions and cross-examinations under the
trained eye of psychologists, psychiatrists, medical
doctors, priests, scientists and space experts,’ he wrote,
‘but rather because the prevailing controversy would
definitely affect my parents. I don’t want to hurt them
because they want to lead a simple and peaceful life.’
From 1961 to 1963, Bobby studied piano at the
Vienna Akademie. At the beginning of October 1962, he
began to hear a peculiar, high-pitched sound from time
to time. ‘It had a certain frequency of its own, and was
immensely soothing,’ he wrote. At other times he would
feel restless, accompanied by a presentiment that
something was about to happen. Most peculiar were the
‘telepathic messages and mental pictures’ he began
receiving at frequent intervals.

I could not decipher the source, but I felt strongly that I was
being contacted mysteriously through my brain and heart.

How I knew this, I could not say. All I know is that I was under
the control of some strange, mysterious power - evil or good,
I didn’t know . . . Sometimes, as I practised during the day, I
would suddenly stop, because right in front of me, on the
music, was superimposed a picture of a place, a lovely green
forest. I could not understand the significance of this picture,
but deep down it had somehow a strong influence over me. The
only thing that bothered me was that I didn’t know where the
forest was.

These images and presentiments culminated in an
encounter with a landed craft and its occupants on 8
October 1962. At around 16.00, Bobby found himself
‘impressed’ to leave his flat. ‘A tram came by and I
boarded it,’ he wrote. ‘People gazed at me sitting quietly,
yet looking nervous. My mind went whirling round and
round and my heart was thumping fast. I alighted at
Schottentor and took another tram to Grinzing. I began
to sense that something was going to happen before
evening. How could I explain this strong feeling?

Alighting at Grinzing, I took a bus to the Vienna Woods.

Was I being guided toward a particular place?’
It was several minutes before I reached the place, in nice
countryside, quiet and peaceful. It was a weekday and so very
few people were strolling around. I went on, walking aimlessly,
though it was as if I was being guided in a particular direction.

My mind suddenly went blank and my heart began to beat
normally: I felt so calm and collected. After half an hour of
aimless walking, I found myself in a forest. My sense of
direction told me I was no longer in the Vienna Woods. Where
then? I could not pinpoint the exact location, but it must have
been in one of the forests beyond the Vienna Woods.

It was strange that being lost did not bother me at the time.

Instead of going back, I went deeper into the forest. I looked up
at the tall, forbidding-looking trees and saw that the sky was
overcast and the wind blowing in gusts. I suddenly noticed and
felt around me a strange stillness, like that before a storm, with
no sound of birds twittering to break the sinister and deadly
silence. The air was cold and biting and the mist arising . . .

After several minutes of walking on in the gathering
dusk, Bobby came to a small clearing in the forest. It was
then that he heard a peculiar swishing sound behind a
clump of trees.

I looked up and saw the leaves and branches of the trees
shaking, disturbed by the sudden rushing of air coming out
from a strange object. I could hear the whistling sound the
object made as it glided smoothly and nearer towards where I
stood. I watched in awe, in great fear and deep curiosity ... I
wanted to run away but my feet were tied to the ground. I tried
to scream in fright but my voice didn’t come out. I even
attempted to close my eyes to blot out this unreality, but they
continued gazing straight at the object. Was I being controlled
by some power behind it? Was I seeing visions that were only
created by my imagination? Or were they real? Thank God! It
was real.

The object, which was a flying saucer, landed on legs about
100 feet from me. A sliding door opened and a steel stairway
protruded outwards then dropped to the ground. A figure came
out, accompanied by two others. They were all dressed in a
tight-fitting, black-brown suit which extended from their
black, heavy-looking shoes up to their head. The only parts not
covered by this suit were their faces and hands, which were
covered by a thin, transparent, black material. Around their
faces they wore a glass visor with two tube-like things starting
under their chins, hanging on their shoulder blades and
extending to their back, ending in a sort of oxygen tank, from
where they took their supply to breathe. They had the faces of
human beings and must have been about five feet five inches to
six feet tall, with lean but strong-looking bodies. I could not
judge the exact height because they were not all of the same
size.

Someone said something which seemed like a question, but I
couldn’t understand a word. I remained quiet and watched for
further developments. Hearing no reply from me, the leader
pressed a button on a small box he was carrying and presently
the box gave out a red light whose beams fell right before my
eyes. I did not feel any effect at all, except that it was soothing
to the eyes . . . Maybe it did have an effect on me after all,
because after a few seconds the leader switched off the red light
and asked me a question in English, though he had a slight
accent, rather similar to that of Germans.
‘Would you like to be one of us?’ he said.
‘No,’ I answered unemotionally, in a dry and uninterested
tone.
‘Would you like to visit our place?’ the leader asked, in a
kind, gentle tone with no element of threat, harm or evil in it.

I	still answered, ‘No.’ Maybe I replied automatically,
without stopping to think, or maybe it was because I was
frightened out of my wits, but I cannot describe the exact
feeling I had at that moment. All I can say is that I was
somewhere between reality and unreality.

The leader looked at me as I reached for something inside my
coat pocket. ‘Stop!’ he shouted, and I did so immediately, out
of fear. A beam of red light fell on my pocket. Shortly
afterwards he said, ‘You can take out your eyeglasses.’ How
could he know my glasses were in my pocket? Was the red light
responsible for this strange information? I put on my glasses
and observed their countenance. The leader’s companions
were all quiet, absorbed possibly in their own thoughts, sizing
me up and the immediate surroundings.

‘Finally, the leader ventured forth a message which I
have put down in writing as best as I can remember,’
Bobby continued. ‘The message may be interpreted by
people in different ways, according to their own liking
and thinking; however, I believe it has great
significance.’

We come to your planet not for a visit but to deliver a message
which may well serve as a warning to mankind. We cannot and
must not reveal from which planet, star or moon we come
from, because of the imminent danger of your people
contriving all possible means and resources to conquer space
and eventually to try and conquer us, although we could fight
back and wipe out your mean and selfish humanity.

Within your planet, there is continuous strife among nations
for power and domination, and within every nation there is
dissension and dissatisfaction among the masses. Within a
family and family relations there is still enmity, intrigues and
conspiracies, and within an individual’s mind there is still a
continuous struggle between good and bad, evil and purity,
generosity and selfishness. Why? Because there is so much
selfishness on your planet, meanness, cruelty, wickedness and
evil; more than good, purity and generosity.

Observe carefully the great mass of humanity killing each
other through centuries of war and strife. And for what
purpose? For power and domination; the intense desire to
dominate and subjugate . . . There are thousands of good
people on your planet, but the mean and selfish humanity
outnumbers the good by millions and millions.

Unless there is a radical change starting now, from an
individual’s mind, within a family and family relations, within
a nation and between nations, your people will all be destroyed
by their own selfishness for power and domination. Not until
your humanity is completely wiped out will there ever be peace
on Earth. The danger of atomic war between nations is
imminent... It may not be now, it may be centuries from now,
but the end will still come. There is no turning back for your
people. Some day you will all be wiped out by your own
greediness, and if a few good people live through, then they
will propagate and breed an unselfish humanity and no longer
will there be a continuous strife between nations, within a
nation, within a family and family relations, and within an
individual mind, and there will be peace on Earth at last.

There is a great and possible danger, too, that your
humanity’s intense desire to conquer, eventually seeking power
and domination over the other planets, will mean only a
complete massacre for Earthmen, because other planets will
retaliate with terrifying power and force, only because of their
fear of your selfish humanity coming to their planets and
spreading greed and evil around. This is our message. Transmit
it and let humanity beware!

The leader looked at me after he had finished his
message and smiled. Was it out of pity, friendliness or
mockery? I am sure it was a smile of pity because of the
inevitable end the Earth will come to some day.’
As the leader was on the point of re-entering the craft,
he turned round to address Bobby with a final message:

Your seeing us will greatly affect your body as well as your life
a great deal. There are three possible consequences for you:
you might die in April 1963 because of shock; we may take you
to visit our place; or you might not die in April 1963, in which
case you will lead a normal life again but with occasional
mental and visual contacts from us until such time as we decide
not to bother you again.

The leader gave me a last farewell smile and went
inside. The steel stairs went up, and the saucer got ready
to leave,’ wrote Bobby. ‘I stood in the dusk and watched
it whisk away, leaving me in a predicament I felt that
something had gone away from my life. I cannot describe
how lonely and helpless I felt. . .’
Not technically-minded, Bobby provided few configurational 
details of the craft, though he did tell me
that a series of what looked like rectangular windows
surrounded the central section, where the door opened
out. I made a sketch in 1964, with his guidance.

Interestingly, it accords with that made by the British
engineer ‘H.M.’ in South Africa in 1951 (see p. 123),
whose account was not published until 1977. Also, his
description of the box held by the leader - presumably a
translating device - is reported in a number of other
cases, such as the Leeds encounter in 1976 (see Chapter
17.).

Assuming some substance to this story, one can only
wonder at the lack of perspicacity displayed by these
particular extraterrestrials. Why select an individual of a
nervous disposition who would hardly dare to tell even
his own family - much less humanity at large - about his
experience? Even if he had broadcast the message to all
and sundry, would it have made the slightest difference?

Of course not. In any event, it is published here for the
first time, nearly four decades after the event.
‘I had to write down my strange experiences because
only by writing could I attain peace of mind,’ wrote
Bobby. ‘I seek no publicity of any kind because it will
surely ruin me in my own country.’
Bobby was affected deeply by his experiences. Sometime 
in the spring of 1963 he did indeed suffer a mild
heart attack in Vienna, as he had been warned might
happen. Fortunately, he made a full recovery. Although
no further physical contacts ensued, he told me that from
the end of 1962 to July 1964, the extraterrestrials
communicated with him by means of images, projected
on to the mirror of his room in the house in Beckenham,
southeast London, where he lived at the time with a
number of other students, including John Bingham. The
images seemed to be generated by, or projected from, a
red light in the sky. From a small point on the window
pane, a beam of red light fanned out until it struck the
mirror on the wardrobe opposite. Within a circular
image of about one foot in diameter, a face was seen and
a voice heard. The discourses were mainly philosophical,
Bobby told me, though he was reluctant to disclose any
of the information he received in that way.

During the time I knew Bobby personally, I found him
to be a gentle and honest soul, not lacking in a keen sense
of humour. He is, incidentally, also a fine pianist who for
many years was professor of piano at a certain university
on the east coast of the United States. I find it difficult to
believe that he fabricated the story, if only for the reason
that he was invariably reluctant to discuss it - even with
me.

I asked John Bingham, who had known Bobby for
longer than I had, if he believed the story. ‘I would say
that I know he was telling the truth,’ he responded,
‘because of a certain extraordinary experience I had
when he was having those communications, when I also
saw an identical projected image. That proved to me he
was not telling lies.’12
Bobby believed that most people who have had the
‘rare privilege’ of witnessing ‘strange beings or visions
from other planets’ suffer from depression and other
sequelae, owing to the futility of trying to prove their
experience to others. Others can be driven to the point
of madness or even suicide. ‘A few tend to laugh off these
strange happenings, only to fail in the end,’ he wrote.
‘Others who are strong-willed and full of initiative and
drive are able to forget about these incidents by erasing
them from their minds, and are then able to settle back
to normal lives . . .’


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Picco, Hector Antonio, ‘Trip on board a UFO’, Cronica,
Buenos Aires, 14 December 1995, translated by Jane
Thomas Guma.
2.	Picco, HA., ‘UFO base in the Gulf of Mexico’, Cronica, 15
December 1995.
3.	Concise Medical Dictionary, Oxford University Press,
fourth edition, London, 1994, p. 511.
4.	Frohse, F., Brodel, M., and Schlossberg, L., Atlas of
Human Anatomy, fifth edition, Barnes & Noble, New
York, 1959, p. 150.
5.	Picco, ‘UFO base in the Gulf of Mexico’.
6.	Picco, H.A., ‘God, UFOs and the Absolute Energy’,
Cronica, 16 December 1995.
7.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘The Italian Scene - Part 4’, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 9, no. 4, July-August 1963, pp. 10-11.
8.	Ibid., pp. 11-12.
9.	Bowen, Charles (ed.), ‘Sindbad the Sailor’, Flying Saucer
Review Case Histories, supplement no. 14, April 1973, pp.
14.-15, translated from Lumieres Dans La Nuit, Contacts
Lecteurs, series 3, no. 5, January 1971.
10.	Silvano, Ceccarelli, ‘Mario Zuccala’s Strange Encounter’,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 8, no. 4, July-August 1962, pp.
5.-6.
11.	Mesnard, Joel, ‘The French Abduction File’, translated by
Claudia Yapp, MUFON UFO Journal, no. 309, January
1994., pp. 7-9.
12.	Interview with the author, 9 February 1997.


=========================================================
Chapter 12. CONTINUING CONTACTS

While some extraterrestrials in the 1950s and 1960s
dropped by occasionally delivering doom-laden lectures
to hapless contactees, most seemed determined to avoid
any contact. Whatever their agenda, they continued to
evince as much interest in rivers, lakes, seas and oceans
(the ‘hydrosphere’) as they did in drier lands. This
should not be surprising, given that the hydrosphere
constitutes nearly three-quarters of planet Earth.
‘Having been a pilot in the Fleet Air Arm, I always was
a firm believer in UFOs because of radar,’ Sir Mark
Thomson, now a company chairman and private pilot,
informed me in 1995. ‘Even 30 years ago, military radars
were sufficiently reliable and sophisticated as to be able
to determine whether an object was a UFO, a weather
balloon, an aircraft - or somebody’s imagination!’ Sir
Mark went on to relate an incident that occurred circa
1963., when he was a Royal Navy lieutenant flying twin-
jet Sea Vixens, in the aircraft carrier HMS Victorious:

During one foul night in the Indian Ocean an ‘object’
approached the carrier task force at extremely high speed and
executed some extraordinary manoeuvres physically
impossible for any known man-made machine. Although I was
not a witness to the incident, I did learn that the object was
tracked for some time by numerous radars in several ships.1 2
Other naval encounters occurred in 1963, some
especially interesting ones involving unidentified submarines. 
According to former British naval intelligence
officer and biologist the late Ivan Sanderson, sometime
in that year the US Navy conducted a series of exercises
off the coast of Puerto Rico to train personnel in the
detection and tracking of submarines. More than five
surface ships were involved, including the aircraft carrier
USS Wasp, the command ship, as well as several
submarines and aircraft.

Sanderson learned that a sonar operator on a
destroyer reported that one of the submarines had
broken formation in an apparent attempt to pursue an
unknown underwater object. Similar reports came in
from all the other ships and from the sonar-equipped
aircraft. According to one of Sanderson’s sources:
no less than thirteen aircraft (including submersibles and
aircraft, one must suppose) noted in their official logs that their
underwater tracking devices had latched on to [a] high-speed
submersible. All of which is said to have immediately been
reported to COMLANT [sic] in Norfolk, Virginia. At this
point, all the reports become somewhat vague and obscure.

Various numbers of people, in various numbers of ships, are
alleged to have observed or heard the sonar blips caught by
their own operators, and all to have concurred in the fact that
this object was being driven by a single [screw] at more than
ISO knots . . . Thus, the object recorded above beat anything
that we can do at the present stage of our technological
development, by nearly four times in speed.

Sanderson also learned that the unknown submarine
was tracked for four days as it manoeuvred, including to
depths of 27,000 feet.3 (The greatest measured depth in
the Atlantic Ocean is the Puerto Rico Trench, found just
north of that island, at 30,246 feet, about which more
later.)
Yet another incident said to have occurred at sea in
1963 is reported by Dr Jacques Vallee, the distinguished
UFO researcher, who learned that a US Polaris nuclear-
powered submarine interrupted its lengthy submerged
mission in the Atlantic to surface while all personnel
were ordered to remain below.

A few superior officers went up to the tower. They are said to
have come back down with three humanoid bodies in clear
plastic bags. The sub dived again and rallied to the East Coast
at top speed. The [submarine] had accomplished none of its
stated objectives, which included the test firing of several
missiles. As for the beings, they looked like shaved monkeys.

Perhaps they were indeed monkeys, recovered from a classified
space experiment.4

Perhaps so. Unfortunately, Dr Vallee could not
provide me with details that might help determine if that
was or was not the case. Given the highly secure and
single-purpose nature of the operations of ballistic-
missile-armed nuclear-powered submarines of this
period (and later), it seems odd indeed that such a
mission would have been interrupted and, in effect,
aborted in the manner described by Vallee. Only events
quite exceptional would have led to such a change in the
normal pattern of those operations.

We return now to cases involving contact with
extraterrestrials where, in contrast, the witnesses have
provided an abundance of details, the better to verify the
purported encounters.

CONTACTS FROM COMA BERENICES

Among the most frequently published photographs of
flying saucers are those taken in New Mexico in the
1960.s by the contactee Paul Villa. Curiously, little has
been published either about the details of the pictures or
about Villa and his claimed encounters.

Apolinar (Paul) Alberto Villa Jr. was born in 1916, of
Native American, Spanish, German and Scottish
descent. He claimed to have been taught telepathically
by extraterrestrial intelligences from the age of five, and
though failing to complete the tenth grade of school, he
seemed to have been well versed in subjects such as
mathematics, electricity, physics and mechanics. He also
had an unusual talent for detecting defects in engines,
generators and other such machines, a talent that served
him well in his profession as a mechanic, first in the Air
Force and later as a private citizen.

First Contact

Villa claimed that ten years prior to photographing his
first series of saucers in 1963, he had been contacted by
extraterrestrials while he was working for the Department 
of Water and Power in Los Angeles. At Long Beach
one day in 1953, a strong inclination suddenly came
over him to go down to the beach, a feeling he did not
understand at the time. There, he said, he met a man
about seven feet tall. Initially, Villa was afraid and
wanted to run away, but the man called him by name
and told him many personal things about himself. Villa
realized that he was communicating with a ‘very
superior intelligence’, and he then became aware that
this being was a ‘spaceman’.

He knew everything I had in my mind and told me many things
that had taken place in my life. He then told me to look out
beyond the reef. I saw a metallic-looking, disc-shaped object
that seemed to be floating on the water. Then the spaceman
asked me if I would like to go aboard the craft and look
around, and I went with him.

Villa reported that the saucer occupants were humanlike 
in appearance, though more refined in face and
body. Also, they had an advanced knowledge of science,
as evidenced by their craft and from the information
given by them.

Villa was informed that the galaxy to which our Earth
belongs is as a grain of sand on a huge beach, in relation
to the unfathomable number of inhabited galaxies in the
entire universe. Because of the aliens’ technological
advancement, their spaceships could penetrate the
Earth’s radar detection systems, so that they were picked
up on our radar screens only when they chose to call
attention to their presence in our skies. Their craft were
constantly active around our planet, and more and more
sightings and landings would take place to increase
public awareness of their existence. They said they were
here on a friendly mission to help our people; that they
had bases on the Moon; that Phobos, one of the two
moons of Mars, was hollow and had been artificially
constructed, and that a Superior Intelligence governed
the universe and everything in it.5

Second Contact

On 16 June 1963, Villa’s space contacts telepathically
told him to drive alone in his pickup truck to a site near
the town of Peralta, about 15 miles south of
Albuquerque. There, at 14.00, he claimed to have seen a
flying saucer which he estimated to be about 160-170
feet in diameter. (In an earlier estimate he gave it as 70
feet.) The ship ‘posed’ and hovered at low altitude and at
various distances as Villa took photographs of it framed
by the trees, and sometimes showing his truck in the
foreground. He used a Japanese-made Apus folding
camera with a Rokuoh-sha f4.6 75mm lens (which I
have examined), with 120 format Kodacolor film.

Two of the photos show the ship as it flipped on edge
with its lower part rotating, apparently, according to
Villa, to indicate that the space people had created an
artificial gravity-field within the craft; thus they remained
completely comfortable no matter what attitude the craft
assumed relative to a planet’s surface. According to the
late Coral and Jim Lorenzen of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization (APRO), one of these images (see
photo no. 3 in colour plates) fails to show the branches
of a tree in front of the craft as it should do were it 170
(or even 70) feet in diameter as claimed, indicating that
the ‘craft’ might be a small fake. It could be the case,
though I have been unable to establish this to my own
satisfaction, working from enlargements I personally
reproduced. Villa himself claimed that the branches of
the tree were swaying from a ‘huge rush of wind’
generated locally by the craft, which might have
accounted for the apparent inconsistency. In other
photos from this series, where nearby vegetation and also
Villa’s truck provide useful reference points, the saucer
appears to be a large object at considerable distance from
the camera, thus reducing the likelihood of fraud.

At one point, Villa said, the craft hovered about 300
feet above his truck and caused it to rise slowly into the
air to three or four feet for a few minutes. Also, when the
craft was about a quarter of a mile away, a flexible,
controlled ‘rod’ could be seen, apparently probing the
ground and trees at different angles and curving into
different shapes. While this was going on, a small, shiny,
remotely controlled sphere, six to nine feet in diameter,
exited from the main craft and disappeared behind trees,
then reappeared and shot off at terrific speed, while
glowing a reddish colour.

When the craft hovered a few hundred yards away,
according to Villa, between the tree tops, the bottom
section was tinted ‘amber red, like hot metal’, but the
colours changed from a ‘shiny chrome to a dull
aluminum’ back to amber. At one point it became so
bright that it shone almost unbearably. As it passed over
Villa’s head, he felt not only heat from it but also ‘a
prickly or tingling sensation all over my body’.

Although the upper, domed structure of the craft could
be turned independently from the lower section, Villa
learned, it appeared to remain stationary during flight,
while the lower section rotated at different speeds. It made
a whirring noise that sounded something like a ‘giant
electric motor or generator’. At other times it gave off
either a buzzing, ‘pulsating’ noise, or it suddenly became
totally silent as it moved about in different directions.

At about 14.30, the craft landed on tripod legs and
nine ‘beautiful’ crew members - five men and four
women - disembarked through a previously invisible
door. These beings ranged in height from seven to nine
feet, said Villa, and were well proportioned,
immaculately groomed and dressed in tight-fitting one-
piece uniforms. The colour of their hair ranged from
‘fiery golden’ to ‘polished copper’ to black. Villa was
told that they came from the ‘constellation of Coma
Berenices, many light years distant’. (Coma Berenices is
a constellation notable for the large number of galaxies
it contains.) In addition to communicating tele-
pathically, they were also able to speak many of our
languages. During the 90-minute conversation with
Villa, they spoke in both English and Spanish (Villa’s
native tongue), but when conversing among themselves,
they spoke in their own tongue, which sounded like
‘something akin to Hebrew and Indian’.

The craft operated as a mother ship for nine remotely
controlled monitoring discs, manoeuvred from instrument 
panels in the mother ship, Villa was informed.

These could pick up imagery and sound from areas to
which they were directed, and relay them to TV-monitor
panels in the mother craft, a remote-viewing technology
first described by George Adamski.

The ‘vents’, clearly seen in some photos surrounding
the central section of the craft, were openings possibly
used for ‘collecting and ionizing atmospheric gases’.

These vents were not used nor left open outside a
planet’s atmosphere, where the magnetic lines of force
are further apart, but, like the ‘door’ underneath the
craft, were ‘hermetically sealed’, either manually or
automatically, after leaving the atmosphere.

The hermetic sealing is accomplished by removing all foreign
substances from the basic elements of the parent metals, and a
device is used to charge both pieces that are to be sealed
together, either positively or negatively, depending on how a
certain metal is naturally charged. The hermetic sealing of two
or more metals cannot be accomplished unless they are first
neutralized and then all charged with the same polarity. The
carbon elements, however, being amphoteric [chemically
reacting as ‘acidic’ to strong ‘bases’ and as ‘basic’ towards
strong acids] and combining equally well with positively or
negatively charged elements, cannot be charged. ‘Tubes’ are
used to achieve hermetic sealing, using this carbon principle.

Villa reported that some crew members carried a
miniature version of these tubes that appeared made of
an aluminium-like material, about eight inches long and
one inch in diameter, tapering slightly from the centre
outwards. These devices could be used to paralyse any
animal life form, including man.

The ‘Coma Berenicians’ were peaceful and expressed
a desire for Earthlings to rise above their aggressive,
warlike instincts. Love, they said, is ‘the most powerful
force in all the universe’ which, used correctly, could
transform the hearts of men. ‘When the law of love rules
the minds of the men of Earth,’ Villa learned, ‘then the
people of other worlds will come in great numbers and
share with us their advanced sciences . . .’6 7

Third Contact

Paul Villa’s second series of colour photographs was
exposed at several locations in April 1965. The most
interesting photographs from this series were those
taken on Easter Sunday, 18 April, at about 16.00, in an
area 20 miles south of Albuquerque, close to the bed of
the Rio Grande river, one of several areas I visited
together with Villa in 1976. At one point the craft, which
he told me he estimated at about 150 feet in diameter,
projected a beam of light that caused a small bush fire (a
Biblical ‘burning bush’!), then another beam shot out
and extinguished it. Smoke from the fire is visible in trees
just below the craft, and just above and to the left of the
tailgate of Villa’s truck (see photo 9). The craft also
produced a ‘miniature tornado’, causing the lower
branches of some trees to appear blurred. The turbulence 
was so high, Villa reported, that he thought he
and his truck would be blown away. Suddenly, the wind
ceased, as if it had been ‘switched off’, and the surrounding 
air became quite hot and there was dead
silence.8

Based on the atmospheric hazing or ‘thickening’
effect, whereby an object becomes increasingly less well
defined in imagery the greater its distance from a camera,
these photographs show a large craft at considerable
distance from Villa’s camera.

The ship landed on telescopic tripod landing gear that
can be seen protruding from the bottom of the craft in
photos 7-8. The three crewmen had light-brown hair
and tan skin and appeared to be about five feet eight
inches tall. Villa claimed to have talked with them for
nearly two hours about personal as well as general
matters.9

Villa told me that three scientists from the University
of New Mexico, Drs Klein, Ulrich and Lincoln LaPaz,
whose earlier and official UFO investigations are
described in Beyond Top Secret, surveyed the landing
site with a Geiger-counter and a magnetron, with
negative results.10

Remotely Controlled Probes

Among Villa’s most remarkable colour photographs are
those showing various remotely controlled discs and
spheres, which had been launched from a manned disc,
about 42 feet in diameter. This series was taken on 19
June 1966, three miles west of Algodones and 30 miles
north of Albuquerque. Photo 10, for example, shows a
disc on the ground, one of several said to be from three
to six feet in diameter, complete with tripod landing
struts. According to Villa, the struts did not telescope
into the saucer as in several other cases, but instead
seemed just to shoot in or out of the bottom. Allegedly,
the contraption protruding from the top of the dome was
an optical device incorporating a combination of prisms
and lenses. The entire unit could be retracted into the
dome and could also swivel from the bottom in a circular
motion, or oscillate from side to side.

In photos 11 and 12, a similar craft is seen in the air
and on the ground, accompanied by four or five spheres.

The disc was said to be about three feet in diameter. On
landing, it bounced, shot up in the air, then landed again
in almost the same place. It made no noise while on the
ground, but when it shot into the air, it gave off a sound
‘like an electric motor under load; an unsteady sound
which seemed to pulsate’. The small spheres, no more
than three inches in diameter, rotated around the larger,
six-inch sphere when away from the disc. When close to
the disc, however, the larger sphere always remained
near the top, and the other spheres whirled around it at
different speeds and orbits. The following is Villa’s
additional, non-verbatim description of the appearance
and behaviour of the spheres:

They also manifest in a cascade of changing colors, from a
shining aluminum to a gleaming chrome then to a bright red or
the sparkling blue of a welder’s torch. With the smaller
spheres, this change in coloration did not take place rapidly but
was a gradual modulation from one color to another in a
pulsating rhythm. But with the larger sphere the manifestation
was different: as the small spheres careened about the larger
one, the latter would change instantly from its shining chrome-
plated luminescence to red, blue, green and even yellow. At
times, too, the spheres would get glowing hot, resembling the
frequently seen and often reported ‘fireballs’. Their speed and
maneuverability were incredible, for they flitted about like
butterflies or raced crazily at high velocity in an array of orbital
patterns.

Some of the discs and spheres had ‘flexible, probing
antennas resembling the antennae of certain insects’,
though these are not visible in the photos.11

One of the many controversial aspects of Villa’s
claims is his assertion that he himself made one of the
remotely controlled discs, which is shown in photographs 
14 and 15. This ‘experimental craft’, a few feet in
diameter - similar to the others though lacking landing
struts - was made according to ‘exact specifications’
given him by his ‘space friends’. The photos show the
craft in flight, ‘monitored’ by one of the spheres. During
this test flight, said Villa, the disc fell to the ground due
to a ‘slight error’ on his part, though the fault was soon
rectified.12

The problem here, of course, is that, apart from the
absence of landing struts, it is practically impossible to
differentiate between this disc and all the others, a
corollary being that all the discs and spheres were manufactured 
by Villa. I do not believe that a useful argument
is as simple as that. Even were this the case, one would
have to ask how it was that Villa could have managed
such an elaborate, impressive hoax, inasmuch as the
discs and spheres evince no indication of being suspended 
or superimposed. William Sherwood, formerly
an optical physicist for Eastman-Kodak, told me that,
based on his studies of the prints and on his discussions
with Villa, all three series of photographs are genuine.

What became of the experimental disc? Villa told me
that it had been destroyed when his house had burned
down some time after the 1966 contacts. He did show me
a later experimental craft, also supposedly made with the
guidance of his space friends, of a much deeper shape than
the earlier one and 18-20 inches in diameter, which he
had photographed during a test flight. Regrettably, perhaps 
suspiciously, he seemed reluctant to let me examine
it at close quarters, though it no longer functioned.13

Discussion

In personal discussions and in correspondence with Paul
Villa, I pointed out the inaccuracy of certain prophecies
he claimed to have been given by his space friends, such
as that 17 nations would have the atomic bomb by 1966
(30 years later, however, one could make the case that
17. nations had some approach, at least, to an atom
bomb), and that Ronald Reagan would be elected
president in 1976 (though he was thus elected four years
later). Furthermore, some of the information supposedly
imparted to Villa is spurious. Mars, purportedly used as
a base by his space friends, had ‘canals’ and even
‘pumping stations’ as well as ‘cacti and other plants’ in
certain locations. Atmospheric pressure at ground level,
he told me in 1976, was equivalent to that at 12,000 feet
on Earth (it is actually less than one-hundredth of the
Earth’s), and there were some high stratus clouds (true,
but this was already known).14 Undaunted, Villa passed
on the information he had acquired, as well as his
photographs, to a certain Mr Martin at the Jet
Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California,
which runs NASA’s unmanned space programmes,
including the 1964 Mariner, the 1976 Viking and the
1997 Pathfinder probes of Mars.

Was it possible, I asked Villa, that his space people
had lied to him? ‘No,’ he replied, ‘the space people, as
you write, are not lying to so-called contactees, they just
don’t divulge hardly anything about their plans. Why
should they? People would just make money from that
info; besides, how can humanity appreciate anything if it
is beyond their capacity to understand?’15
Accusations that Villa made money with his photographs 
are without foundation: he lived in very modest
circumstances, spending much of his time and money
sending free copies of his colour photographs to all and
sundry. ‘We write to premiers, kings, governors, leaders
all over the world,’ he wrote to me.16 In 1967, with
Villa’s permission, Ben Blazs of UFO International
copyrighted and sold sets of the photos, but Villa himself
saw very little of the money, he told me.

Villa claimed that the Walt Disney Studios, as well as
the US Air Force, had studied the negatives of his
photographs and could not fault them. Dr Edward
Condon, who headed the University of Colorado’s
investigation team which, sponsored by the Air Force,
studied the subject of UFOs from 1966 to 1968,
reportedly said ‘they were the best he had ever seen’,
Villa told me.17 There is no mention of either Villa or his
photos in the Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying
Objects, edited by Dr Condon.18 Villa reported to
William Sherwood that after studying his camera and
the negatives, Dr Robert Low, co-ordinator of the
Colorado project, said that although the team knew that
his pictures were ‘good’, they could not use them because
the committee was committed to an essentially negative
conclusion.19

Villa, who died of cancer in 1981, shunned publicity
throughout his life, avoiding interviews with the media
and rarely granting meetings, even to researchers.

Perhaps this was due in part to some disturbing threats:
he claimed, for instance, that he had been shot at once in
his pickup truck (I saw the bullet hole in the side
window), and that helicopters frequently hovered
around him. Most researchers who did manage to spend
time with him found him genuine. ‘He certainly never
tried to use his unusual personal experiences for
monetary gain,’ wrote Bill Sherwood. ‘To me he seemed
always humble and sincere, unimpressed by the
attention he received from the Secretary-General of the
United Nations, U Thant, who called him at his workshop 
to discuss his experiences with the extraterrestrials.’
20 During the 40-minute telephone call in
1970., U Thant reportedly also discussed the worldwide
UFO situation.21

In my own correspondence with him, Villa sometimes
waxed effusive about politics and religion, seldom
decisively addressing questions I posed. Our discussions
in person in 1976 proved more fruitful. Three different
groups of extraterrestrial beings were coming to Earth,
including ‘certainly one that is good’, he asserted. ‘We
are not under observation, since they are here all the
time.’ The space people had hundreds of bases within
our solar system, including many on Earth, Mars and
Venus. Some groups came here simply as tourists. Villa’s
group liaised with about 70 contactees in the United
States and about 300 worldwide. Their craft, when not
completely silent, made sounds like a ‘musical saw’ or an
‘enormous generator’, or a ‘clanking noise’. Unlike some
other craft, those belonging to Villa’s group did not
ionize air as a by-product of propulsion. Water was as
essential to them as it is to us, and it was first vaporized
before being taken on board the craft. In spite of their
‘phenomenal abilities’, the space people were not
superhuman, which brings forward an interesting point.

Villa drove Lou Zinsstag and me to those sites in the
vicinity of Albuquerque where he had taken photographs 
of craft and conversed with the crew (who would
not allow themselves to be photographed). Though some
were dressed in the traditional one-piece suits, he said,
most were dressed in more typical human clothing. At
one of these sites, beside the Rio Grande near Algodones,
I asked him what the other crew members were doing
while he conversed briefly with a man he assumed to be
the pilot. ‘Oh, they were just bathing their feet in the
river,’ he replied, without hesitation.22

At the time, that reply, delivered without so much as
the bat of an eyelid, astonished me. Eventually, though,
it contributed to a growing conviction that Paul Villa’s
story contains essential elements of truth. As so often is
the case, contactees’ stories seem to mix truth and
fiction, and something of a problem is presented, then, in
sorting out the wheat from the chaff.

A COMPELLING CASE FOR CONTACT

Of all my case files involving extended contact with
extraterrestrial, quasi-human beings, there are few
which I have found to be completely convincing. The
following one involves a witness whom I knew as a
friend for 30 years; a compelling case for contact, and
one in which I believe the extraterrestrials did not impart
any false information. That is not to say that I believe
every word, for a few inconsistencies in the witness’s
story, owing to a tendency to embellish at times,
emerged over the years. Because she was reluctant even
to have the story published after her death, which
occurred in 1995, I will refer to her only as Joelle.

Joelle was born in St Petersburg, Russia, of French and
Russian parents, in 1914. During the Second World War
she became a passive member of the Maquis, the French
resistance to the Nazi occupation of France. After the
war, she worked in Paris for the Ministry of Armaments,
then came with her family to live in London. By a strange
coincidence, her two daughters, Frederique and Isabelle,
were form-mates and friends of mine at the Arts
Educational School, where, in addition to the usual
curriculum, we studied acting and dance (1952-53), and
it was then that I first met Joelle. We were not to meet
again until 1967, in the company of her husband and
Lou Zinsstag, from whom I learned of Joelle’s contact
story.

It was in September 1963, when Joelle was in the
Sheffield area conducting a house-to-house field survey
for a market research company, of which she was a
senior partner, that her extraordinary adventures began.

The survey included questions relating to domestic
appliances, and at one house she was struck by the
number of very modern-looking gadgets in the living
room, none of which was on the market. Queried about
these, the lady of the house (whom I shall call
Rosamund) responded that her husband was a scientist
who regularly tested the latest devices to assess their
practicability.

Joelle noticed a large radio transceiver, and was
informed by Rosamund that her husband was an
amateur radio ham who talked with people all over the
world. To demonstrate, Rosamund turned the set on,
then left the room temporarily. Hearing a very brief
message in English, Joelle wrote it down on the back of
her survey notepad. When Rosamund returned, Joelle
said that a message had come through, but did not say
that she had written it down. Looking suddenly shocked,
Rosamund switched the set off, explaining that her
husband would never forgive her if he knew she had
turned it on without his permission.

Later, back at her hotel, Joelle pondered the message.
‘Will be at Blue John tomorrow, 4.30 p.m. - Mark’, it
read. It meant nothing to her at first, but later she
became intrigued and made a few enquiries. ‘Blue John’
turned out to be the Blue John Caves, near Castleton, in
Derbyshire’s Peak District, the name deriving from the
French bleu-jaune, given to the blue fluorspar mineral
found in Derbyshire. Wondering if perhaps she had
uncovered a spy-ring, Joelle determined to find out what
was going on.

The Blue John Encounter

On the afternoon of Monday 16 September 1963, Joelle
set off by car to return to London, via the Blue John
Caves. Arriving in the vicinity of the caves at around
14.30, she parked in a vantage spot overlooking a mildly
sloping valley, ate her packed lunch, then waited to see
what might happen.

Shortly before 16.30, Joelle noticed a brilliant light in
the sky, which she first took to be the Sun. It was
moving, though, and when it came to rest, several
hundred yards from her position, the brilliant glow
ceased, and she could now see that it was a highly
unusual disc-shaped aircraft, approximately 20 feet or
so in diameter, supported on tripod landing legs with
inverted mushroom-shaped pads on their earth-
contacting ends. Beneath a cupola could be seen several
circular windows. After a pause, a man - presumably
‘Mark’ - stepped out from the other side, dressed in a
blue one-piece suit and a cloth helmet of some sort.

Simultaneously, a man came out of a car parked some
distance away and began walking down the slope
towards the craft. Joelle recognized the car as the one
that had been parked outside Rosamund’s house. After
the two men had greeted each other warmly, Mark
turned towards the craft and signalled briefly to the
other (presumed) crew member(s), then both men
headed towards the car_and drove away. The craft began
to glow and lift off the ground, retracted its landing gear,
hovering momentarily before shooting off at a fantastic
speed.

A Safe House

At that time, Joelle did not accept the fact of flying
saucers. She assumed that this was a highly advanced
aircraft, perhaps of Soviet origin, its occupant a spy
liaising secretly with Rosamund’s husband. So she
decided to wait before driving to Rosamund’s house,
finding out what she could, then perhaps reporting the
matter to the police.

Half an hour later, she knocked at Rosamund’s door.

The scientist (whom I shall call Jack) opened the door
cautiously and asked what she wanted. Joelle gave the
excuse that she had interviewed his wife the day before
and needed to double-check some questions. Jack made
as if to close the door, but at that point Mark - now
dressed in terrestrial clothes - interjected. That’s alright,
Jack,’ he said, ‘let her in.’ Reluctantly, Jack opened the
door and showed Joelle into the living room.
‘Why don’t you tell us the real reason you’re here?’
began Mark.
‘Because I need to check some questions with
Rosamund for my market research survey.’
‘That’s not true, Mrs	.’
Joelle swore to herself.
‘Tut, tut,’ said Mark, teasingly. ‘You shouldn’t swear
like that.’
How had he known that she had sworn?
‘You came here,’ continued Mark, ‘because you saw
my craft and wanted to find out what was going on,
didn’t you?’
Reluctantly, Joelle admitted the truth. And from then
on, she was ‘let in’ on the alleged alien liaison. The
discussion that night lasted well into the small hours. At
first incredulous, she gradually accepted the sensational
truth: that Mark was indeed a man from another world.

For the next 15 months or so, Joelle had a total of about
eight and a half hours of meetings with Mark and
another member of his race, a man who, because his
deep voice sounded like that of the actor Valentine
Dyall, was given the name of ‘Val’. These meetings
reportedly took place at several locations in England,
including at least two in Joelle’s London flat, near Earls
Court.

Alien Bases

Joelle told me that, having no knowledge of the subject
at the time, she began by asking some ‘rather stupid’
questions. Later, after reading a few books, she was able
to make more sophisticated enquiries. Her first question,
naturally, related to the origin of the visitors. This was
one of a number of things that Mark and Val politely
refused to discuss in precise terms: they responded
merely that they came from a planet, similar in many
ways to Earth, located in another solar system. They also
stated that we are not alone in our solar system, and
implied that they had bases on two (unspecified) moons
of Jupiter. Interestingly, it was reported in 1997 that
signs of life, in the form of molecules containing carbon
and nitrogen, had been detected on two of Jupiter’s
largest moons, Ganymede and Callisto, based on data
gathered by NASA’s Galileo spacecraft. For many years,
some astrophysicists have speculated that life might exist
in the warm water lying beneath the frozen surface of
Europa, the smallest of Jupiter’s moons.23 Thousands of
years ago, said Mark and Val, their people had bases on
Mars and on the Moon. They also revealed that they had
a number of bases on Earth, located in South America,
Australia, the Soviet Union and elsewhere (though not in
the United Kingdom).

Although Homo sapiens originated on Earth, the
visitors explained that, to speed up human evolution,
they had on two occasions genetically ‘interfered’ with
us. While similar in appearance, Earth humans and
extraterrestrial humans evolved separately. Because of
their advanced evolution, aliens live longer than Earth
people. Val and Mark were extremely refined, fairskinned, 
with perfect teeth and a not immediately
noticeable peculiarity about the eyes. On one occasion,
Joelle says she saw, though did not meet, a dark-skinned
man who was a member of the same group.

Mark and Val said they were liaising in great secrecy
with a team of scientists from several nations, having
initially established their English contacts through Jack
eight years earlier. None of those names was ever
revealed to me. In addition to Jack, Joelle met two other
such scientists, one of whom worked at the Woomera
rocket range in Australia, set up jointly with Britain at
the end of the Second World War. As to the purpose of
the extraterrestrial missions, this was another question
that they declined to answer precisely. ‘We are not here
for entirely philanthropic purposes,’ was all they
volunteered on one occasion. Whatever the mission, it
demanded considerable dedication from the scientists,
some of whom ostensibly worked with the aliens at the
bases, or even (on rare occasions) travelled to their
planet, necessitating their going ‘missing’. Ideally,
therefore, those without family responsibilities were
involved.

In Alien Liaison, I discussed an alleged alien base
located at, or in the vicinity of, Pine Gap, America’s most
secret facility in Australia, some 15 miles from Alice
Springs. According to information supplied by Professor
J.D. Frodsham in 1989, three hunters returning from an
all-night trip witnessed a ‘camouflaged door open up in
the grounds of the base and a metallic circular disc
ascend vertically and soundlessly into the air before
disappearing at great speed’.24

Officially a ‘Joint Defense Space Research Facility’
sponsored by both the American and the Australian
defence departments, Pine Gap serves principally as a
downlink site for reconnaissance and surveillance
satellites.25 It was established by the Central Intelligence
Agency in 1966 and is run jointly by the CIA and the
National Security Agency (NSA). According to one
American observer: ‘The Australians have accorded the
[Pine Gap] facility remarkable hospitality. People and
cargo routinely fly in and out, entering and exiting
without the burden of customs or immigration checks.

The place enjoys almost extra-territorial status.’26
According to one of my sources, formerly a CIA
employee, Alice Springs is considered to be a ‘reward’
posting - which is not to say that an actual alien base
exists, or did exist, at Pine Gap. Nevertheless, there are
some intriguing early references to the alleged existence
of such a base, located ‘1,400 miles from Sydney’ (which
could place it in the Alice Springs area), in letters written
by George Adamski. In 1951, for example, he wrote to a
correspondent as follows:

Under very interesting circumstances I had previously been
told of a big space laboratory 1,400 miles from Sydney [which]
has been in operation for the past three years. I was made to
understand that space ships could be landing there [and that] a
communication system could be going on through this
laboratory between earthmen and spacemen ... It wasn’t given
to me as definite fact, but as a possibility from which I was to
draw my own conclusions.27

If there is any truth to this rumour, the implication is
that the laboratory was functioning in about 1948, years
before Pine Gap was officially known as a satellite
intelligence-gathering and relay base. In replies to
questions from the same correspondent a few months
later, Adamski explained that he had acquired the
information in 1949 from a scientist attached to the
Chilean government, a former commanding officer in
the Chilean Air Force. ‘A communication system is
definitely going on,’ wrote Adamski, ‘not only there but
in [the United States] as well.’28,29

Regarding the existence of alien bases in the United
States, in January 1952, prior to his first contact in the
Californian desert in November that year, Adamski
spoke with a marine engineer from Alaska who claimed
that spacecraft regularly landed in a certain area in that
state. According to the unnamed engineer, the ‘space
people’ he saw ranged in height from three to six and a
half feet.30

I include the foregoing information from Adamski for
three reasons: first, it pre-dates any publication relating
to the existence of alien bases on our planet. Secondly, as
discussed in Chapter 7, Joelle claimed to have met a
similar group of extraterrestrials to those who contacted
Adamski in 1952 (and who regrettably were obliged to
discredit him). Joelle’s contacts also informed her that
they had a base in Australia, location not specified,
where they liaised with a team of human scientists.

Finally, one of my most reliable and well-connected
sources has learned that a number of such bases exist
worldwide, and that a limited liaison between extraterrestrials 
and our people was established in the late
1940s. Interestingly, the locations of two of these bases
were given as somewhere in Alaska - and Pine Gap.

Continuing Contacts

On one occasion, Joelle said she was invited to inspect a
spacecraft at close quarters. This turned out to be the
same craft as the one she saw at a distance in September
1963.	On this occasion, in the vicinity of the Welsh
border, one of the scientists was being taken to a base in
South America. Joelle told me she was poor at judging
sizes, but estimated that the width of the landing legs
was about three inches and that the inverted mushroomshaped 
pads were possibly an inch or so wider. Apart
from a series of round portholes, no further details of the
craft could be discerned, as it was dark at the time. Also,
the entry point was out of her view. She was not allowed
to go aboard, though she did touch the hull, which later
caused her to feel ‘slightly ill’. Shortly afterwards, she
and Rosamund drove up to the top of a nearby hill to
watch the craft take off. With a sound as of a swarm of
bees, it rose vertically, slowly at first, then shot off,
illuminated, at an angle.

Joelle said she helped the visitors in a number of ways.

Once, they asked her to translate a certain Russian
manuscript at the British Museum. Also, on more than
one occasion, she cooked meals for them at her London
flat. Both Mark and Val had ‘perfect manners’, enjoyed
drinking wine with their food, and had a great sense of
humour. They stressed a desire to be treated normally.
‘We may be thousands of years in advance of your
people,’ they said once, ‘but please don’t look on us as
angels.’

Mark and Val did not rely on telepathy to communicate 
between themselves; they also spoke their own
language. When communicating at a distance with the
scientists, they used a type of radio system with prearranged 
‘secure’ frequencies, using tiny radios strapped
to their wrists. More sophisticated methods of communication 
could be used, as Joelle was to discover.

Arriving back at her flat on one occasion, she was
astonished to see Val standing in the living room.
‘How on earth did you get in?’ she asked, as she went
to greet him.
‘Don’t come near me - don’t touch me!’ he said. ‘Just
calm down. I'm not actually here.’
Val went on to explain that what she saw before her
was a projected image, effected mentally between minds
as a means of enhancing communication from a distance.
‘Maybe it was, as he said, just a picture in my mind,’
Joelle told me. After a short discussion and a farewell, the
‘picture’ simply faded out. This particular phenomenon
has been reported in a number of contact cases, including
that of Cynthia Appleton (see pp. 280-1).

The Home Planet

On one occasion at her flat, by means of a certain
technical device, Joelle said that her friends projected for
her some three-dimensional still images (similar to our
holograms, though more realistic) of their home planet.

Certain kinds of trees could be seen, as well as houses,
mostly circular in shape though not all of identical
design. Tubular-shaped vehicles, which travelled just
above the ground, were shown. These could hold up to
four people and were programmed to stop at certain
points, unless otherwise desired. Animals shown included
cows, similar to certain of our breeds, though smaller.

Joelle learned that weather on the home planet was not
as drastically contrasted, neither were the seasons the
same, as on Earth. The aliens did not eat as much as we
do, and consumed a great deal more fish than mammal
meat, which was seldom eaten. Fruits were plentiful, and
a fermented drink similar to wine was produced.

No separate countries or governments existed, as
such, though from what Joelle could gather, there was a
type of ‘council’. No social or racial divisions existed.

Though there was no money, a system of ‘credits’ was
used. One did not get something for nothing and
everyone had to contribute to society in some way. Even
those normally engaged in, for instance, scientific work,
took their turn at performing more menial tasks.

Couples restricted themselves to two children, who
matured much earlier than do humans. There were no
hospitals: injuries caused by accidents, for example,
could be healed by sophisticated machines.

Music was enjoyed, though different from ours.

Stringed (not bowed) instruments were mentioned. Val
and Mark made a point of emphasizing how much they
liked our music.

It was implied that travel between the visitors’ solar
system and ours was ‘virtually instantaneous’, Joelle told
me, though they declined to give her any details as to
how this was effected. In any case, she felt that she
probably would have been unable to understand the
modus operandi. They did explain, however, that certain
differences in their planetary environment made it
difficult for them to live on Earth without periodic ‘reconditioning’, 
a process similarly reported by some other
contactees, such as Howard Menger. From what little
Joelle was told about this, I infer that these difficulties
related principally, perhaps not wholly, to atmospheric
pressure and gravity. While Mark and Val were working
here, it was necessary for them to undergo reconditioning 
or ‘decompression’ about every four days,
either in the spacecraft (including a giant carrier craft) or
at their bases. They required no more than four hours’
sleep a night.

The visitors pointed out to Joelle that, were she to visit
their planet, ‘you may not see us’. This could imply that
they existed in another dimension or ‘frequency’, though
Joelle was inclined to the view that our less well-
developed physical senses, vis-a-vis our limited
perception of the electromagnetic spectrum, would be
responsible for this condition. She always emphasized to
me that, in spite of their technical, mental and spiritual
advancement, her extraterrestrial friends were physical
beings, requiring physical sustenance and transport. She
also had the impression that they were not necessarily
dependent on planets, their carrier craft being completely 
self-sufficient.

The Home Office

In 1967, three years after the last of her meetings with
Mark and Val, Joelle claimed to have received a visit
from two representatives of the Home Office in London.

The men began by asking questions relating to the
‘disappearance’ of Jack and Rosamund and some of the
other scientists, who by this time were supposedly living
‘elsewhere’, perhaps at a base in South America. Joelle
presumed the men had located her from one of the
missing scientists’ address books they found at his home.

In any event, they were knowledgeable about the story.

Joelle politely refused to answer certain questions. ‘You
don’t really expect me to answer that, do you?’ she
would reply; a response which seemed to please the
investigators.

A Spiritual Link

During the course of her meetings with Mark and Val,
Joelle learned a great deal. She did not tell me everything,
and on a few occasions I noticed that when she might
have been on the point of a keen revelation, she suddenly
stuttered to a halt. She believed that somehow she had
been hypnotized to prevent her disclosing any sensitive
information; a hypnotic block effected without recourse
to any conventional induction method.

If Mark and Val were reluctant to discuss their origin
and technology and the actual purpose of their mission,
they were sometimes more forthcoming on other subjects 
of discussion. Generally, they explained once, they
preferred to exert their formidable powers of telepathy
when influencing humanity, though on occasions they
had interfered directly. They would do so in future, for
instance, in the event that a nuclear catastrophe
threatened to destroy our planet - perhaps with severe
consequences extending beyond it which might impinge
on them. Other extraterrestrial beings were coming here,
they said, who were not so well disposed towards us,
though no further information was made available.

In addition to the visitors being responsible for
genetically ‘upgrading’ the human race on two occasions
in our distant past, it was alleged that a few of our great
spiritual leaders, including Jesus, were genetically
‘engineered’ by a type of artificial insemination, in an
attempt to instil Earth people with spiritual concepts.

The reluctance of this particular group of extraterrestrials 
to communicate with humanity at large was
due mainly to the fact that we simply are not
psychologically or spiritually ready for contact with a
higher civilization, and it is necessary for us to evolve
independently. Essentially, Joelle was informed, we are
spiritual beings, surviving beyond death.

For Joelle, the experiences with her friends remained a
treasured and vivid memory for the rest of her life.

Seldom do we hear nowadays of encounters with
spiritually advanced extraterrestrials. Have they left our
planet for ever? Are they alive and well but engaged in
less ambitious projects? In any event, I often wonder if a
principal reason behind their presence here on Earth is
related to the very survival of our planet - as an alien
base.
‘What a beautiful planet,’ they once remarked to
Joelle. ‘Such a pity you’re destroying it. . .’


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Letter to the author from Sir Mark Thomson, Bt., 31
January 1995.
2.	Interview with the author, 14 February 1997.
3.	Sanderson, Ivan T., Invisible Residents: A Disquisition
upon Certain Matters Maritime, and the Possibility of
Intelligent Life under the Waters of the Earth, The World
Publishing Co., New York, 1970, pp. 20-2.
4.	Vallee, Jacques, Forbidden Science: Journals 1957-1969,
North Atlantic Books, Berkeley, California, 1992, p. 309.
5.	Green, Gabriel, The Paul Villa Saucer Photos’, UFO
International, The Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of
America, Los Angeles, no. 21, 1964, p. 3.
6.	Ibid.
7.	Blazs, Ben, ‘Villa Set No. V (fact sheet), UFO International,
PO Box 552, Detroit, Michigan 48232, 1967.
8.	Blazs, Ben, ‘Villa Set No. 2’, UFO International, PO Box
552., Detroit, Michigan 48232, 1967.
9.	Green, op. cit., p. 4.
10.	Interviews with the author, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
1.-2 September 1976.
11.	Blazs, Ben, ‘Villa Set No. 3’, UFO International, PO Box
552., Detroit, Michigan 48232, 1967.
12.	Ibid.
13.	Interviews with the author, 1-2 September 1976.
14.	Letter to the author from A.A. Villa, 1 June 1977.
15.	Letter to the author from Villa, 25 June 1975.
16.	Letter to the author from Villa, 17 July 1976.
17.	Letter to the author from Villa, 24 August 1976.
18.	Condon, Dr Edward U. (Ed.), Scientific Study of
Unidentified Flying Objects, Bantam Books, New York,
1969.
19.	Saunders, David R., and Harkins, R. Roger, UFOs? Yes!

Where the Condon Committee Went Wrong, Signet Books,
New York, 1968.
20.	Letter to the author from William T. Sherwood, 1 June
1970.
21.	Letter to the author from Sherwood, 28 January 1982.
22.	Letter to the author from Sherwood, 1 June 1970.
23.	Arthur, Charles, ‘Vital ingredients of life are discovered in
Jupiter’s moon[s]’, the Independent, London, 3 April 1997.
24.	Letter to John Lear from J.D. Frodsham, then Foundation
Professor of English and Comparative Literature, Murdoch
University, Western Australia, 13 December 1989. The
story was additionally confirmed to the author by
Professor Frodsham.
25.	Burrows, William E., Deep Black: The Secrets of Space
Espionage, Bantam Press, London, 1988, p. 190.
26.	Pilger, John, A Secret Country, Vintage, London, 1992, p. 199..
27.	Letter from George Adamski to Emma Martinelli, 30
September 1951.
28.	Letter from Adamski to Martinelli, 24 November 1951.
29.	Letter from Adamski to Martinelli, 16 January 1952.
30.	Ibid.


=========================================================
Chapter 13. NEITHER RHYME NOR REASON

So conditioned are we to the notion of alien omnipotence
and the perfection of their technology that when
something goes wrong, as reported in a number of cases
described earlier, we are inclined to doubt, or to wonder
if the event was staged as part of an elaborate deception.

Why should this be so? The following case, reported by
two witnesses, is unique inasmuch as it involves the
observation for over four hours of humanoid operators
carrying out repairs to a landed disc, followed by the
arrival later of another disc whose operators rendered
assistance to the disabled craft. The incident, investigated
in depth by Ted Bloecher and Dr Berthold Schwarz,
occurred in an area one mile north of New Berlin, New
York.

Mary Merryweather (pseudonym), who majored in
music at Ithaca College, was staying with her mother-in-
law at the latter’s home when the incidents occurred, on
25. November 1964. At 00.30, Mary stepped out on to
the porch and noticed what she took to be a shooting
star, followed by another, more unusual light, which
came down and ‘followed along the brook5 a few
hundred yards away from the house. ‘It occurred to me
that this was an unusually bright light, a brightness and
intensity I had never seen before,5 Mary told Bloecher.
‘Not only was the visible part [of the sighting] strange,
but there was a kind of low hum, like a drone-hum
combination [that] never changed pitch.5 She called her
mother-in-law to join her on the porch.

During the next half-hour, three cars passed by: two
slowed down, one stopped briefly, with the light
hovering above or following them. The occupants of the
cars, apparently frightened, accelerated away from the
scene. Before the arrival of the third car, the lighted
object had come to a stop several hundred feet directly
across the road from the house. ‘Then it kept going north
north-west and went up on the side of this mountain
about 3,800 feet away,’ said Mary. ‘Then it settled down
just below the ridge of this hill.’ Because of the cold night
air, Mary returned to observe the lighted object from
inside the house, together with her mother-in-law, as
their English springer spaniel lay quivering at their feet.

The Humanoids

The two women took turns observing the object through
five-power binoculars. There seemed to be movement
around the landed object. Mary reported that:
the light seemed to be underneath it and it apparently was
sitting on legs, because the bottom of the object was up from
the ground, far enough so that these - I’ll call them ‘men’ for
lack of knowing who they were or what they were, because
they were built like men - could get under this thing, if they got
down on their hands and knees, or sitting down; they lay down
under it like a man does working under a truck or a car . . .

I could see them coming around this vehicle and they
brought with them their boxes of tools, like tool chests or
something, and one of these chests took two men to carry it...

They appeared to be coming around something in a semicircular 
movement, as if they were walking around a round
vehicle ... a light on the bottom of the object [was] so intensely
bright I couldn’t make out the form of the object. . .

There were about five or six [men]. They seemed to be
dressed in something like a skin diver’s wetsuit. It was a dark
colour, and their hands were visible apart or out from the wrist
of the suit; their skin was lighter than the suit they were wearing
... I could see the muscular build of them, their spinal column;
they were standing on two legs like we do, and they worked
with arms and hands that were like ours. The only difference
was that they were slightly taller than we’re accustomed to
seeing people [an estimate based on the size of the bushes she
could see in the lower part of the field on the hillside].

The only ones I could see well were the ones up close to the
vehicle where the light was shining on them, and most had
their backs to me, or their sides . . . They seemed to have hair,
like we do [which] seemed to be well-barbered, fairly close to
their heads. The profile of their faces . . . was like the profile of
a man’s face.

The Repairs Begin

The men seemed to be working with tools ‘like a man
would use to work on a piece of machinery that had
gone bad, or [on] a motor,’ Mary continued. ‘They took
something out from underneath the center of their
vehicle and let it down, gently, with their hands.’
Sometime prior to this, another vehicle was seen to land
on the crest of the ridge, just above the first one.

Four or five more ‘men’ joined the ones who were working on
the ground. It was just after [the first crew] had removed
whatever they took out of the center of it, which seemed to be
like a motor or a power supply . .. The four or five other ‘men’
joined them and they also began to work. I could see ‘men’
standing in the foreground, down the hill a little way. I could
see them cutting long - what looked like - heavy cable, because
it arced, or fell in a loop as they were holding it between them.

They were cutting it in exact lengths and they worked quite
hard at doing this . . . the cable appeared to be dark, and they
used it in fixing this piece of machinery.

It was by now 01.15. The men left the motor or power
source directly underneath where they took it from and
set to work on it. ‘And while I watched them work, and
cut and struggle,’ said Mary, ‘they were walking around,
were sitting or half-lying down, leaning on an elbow,
and kneeling. There were about ten or twelve men in
total - I couldn’t be absolutely sure, because they were
coming and going, and bringing things and taking things
back to the vehicles. I couldn’t see the figures without the
binoculars . . .’

Frightened, Mary’s mother-in-law wondered whether
she should call the police or some government agency.
‘Well, I hate to,’ Mary responded. ‘You know, if we call
someone, they’re going to come up here with guns and
firearms and bother them, and they just want to get that
thing fixed and get away.’

I’m sure they saw me after that car decided it would go away
. . . My mother-in-law [also] felt that we were watched. She
said, ‘I am sure that they realized that we did not call the
authorities, that we weren’t going to, and wouldn’t.’
At exactly four-thirty by our kitchen clock, the ‘men’ got
down in a team and there were nine of them - there were some
behind, a group of three, that were evenly spaced around this
piece of machinery, and there was a line of six ‘men’ behind
them; they seemed to be holding something, or seemed to be
ready with something . . . Then, all together, they picked this
thing up and moved it directly upwards and tried to fit it into
the bottom of this vehicle. It went right up, maybe eight inches,
and then it seemed to go off at an angle. You could see the
bottom, like a plate, or like the bottom of a motor [which] was
tilted, instead of being level. As they tried to get it in, they were
turning it, too, like screwing a screw in; they turned it a little,
and it went back a little bit, but it wouldn’t go up there the way
it should.

They got it up into the vehicle, I think, except for the last
three, maybe four, inches of it, and it was just off, it wouldn’t
fit, it wouldn’t go ... so then they carefully retraced everything
they had done and set the thing back down on the ground
again. They worked on it another ten minutes, and then they
tried it again, the same method, and it wouldn’t go . . . They
retraced their steps again and put it back down on the ground
and worked on it another ten minutes. These ‘men’ that had
been cutting cable, cut something else that was like cable, only
it seemed to be a little lighter, and they cut shorter pieces. They
worked, and they were hurrying . . .

This attempt also failed. Finally the men took out the
piece of machinery, set it on the ground and worked on
it yet again, for about three minutes. ‘And they very
carefully picked the thing up and it went back in.’

The Departure

There was just enough light for Mary to see that the part
of the vehicle facing the witnesses was round, and that
the bottom section tapered upwards. She estimated its
diameter at 25 to 30 feet, and the length of the landing
legs (which also tapered) at six to seven feet. ‘Now,
whether it tapered up to a cone-shape or was rounded on
top, I don’t know,’ Mary added. ‘Just before they got
this thing into the centre - and it seemed to be
cylindrical, I don’t know what the top was like - this
intense light came out from underneath the vehicle . . .’
It was a minute before five minutes off five. I could see them
quickly pick up everything they could pick up and the ‘men’
from the vehicle above them on the hill ran with their material
up there; these ‘men’ were running like a man running with
something extremely heavy, two ‘men’ with the tool boxes -
the one that required two to carry. There were at least two
more tool boxes . . . because there were two other ‘men’ who
were laboriously running. They ran around the side and I
didn’t see them after that. It looked like they were picking up
cable pieces these other men had left just before that; they ran
up the hill with them, and I didn’t see them any more, either.

At five minutes off five, the vehicle on top of the hill left. It
went straight up - I don’t know how many feet - and it shot
off, almost like an instantaneous disappearance, in the
direction that it had come from, west south-west. A minute
later the other vehicle rose straight up, went to the crest of the
hill, rose a little further again, and shot off in the same
direction that the other one had left in, at the same speed. And
that was it. It had been a long night. . .

Traces

The following afternoon, Mary and her mother-in-law
went up to the site where the incident had taken place.

Mary found three places where ‘something cone-shaped
and round at the bottom, very heavy and spaced in a
triangle about 15 to 20 feet to a side, had set into the
ground’.

They were at an angle like they were the legs of a tripod, [with]
something on it that was very, very heavy, because one of them
had set on a rock and broken it, and gone down a little ways
into the ground where it was bedrock, or maybe shale. The
impressions on the bare ground that didn’t have any rock
underneath were about 14 inches wide and up to 18 inches
deep. The shallowest hole was about four inches deep. There
were two sets of these, one at the top of the hill and one down
the slope. They were set like an equilateral triangle - one hole
wasn’t any further from the other two.

On the Monday after the sighting, Mary went with her
husband to search for traces of the cable, and about 50
or 60 feet below the lower set of holes he found a three-
inch piece of peculiar wrapping.

It looked like a strip of something they had missed. The outer
part of it looked like the wrapping, something like a brown
paper towel, only it wasn’t like our paper towels ... And in the
center of it - it had been cut out laterally - you could see the
strip, maybe an inch long more or less, something that looked
like very finely shredded aluminum strips [about 1/16 of an inch
thick] laid in there, and it was as long as the piece of paper and
had been cut, and had the color and feel of aluminum,
although it wasn’t aluminum [and] didn’t behave like
aluminum. Aluminum will crumple and this didn’t crumple.

You couldn’t crease it.

Though Mary’s husband was a chemical engineer, he
did not press for analysis of the material, and although
the family searched for the sample when Bloecher
interviewed Mary in 1973, unfortunately it was not
found. Interestingly, a number of UFO landing sites
elsewhere in the United States in the 1960s involved
residue of aluminium-like strips. These strips were often
found in bundles, and in some cases may relate to
aluminium ‘chaff’ discharged from Air Force planes for
radar counter-measures, though it is either coincidental
or curious that some have been found near UFO landing
sites (and, in one instance, inside the mouth of a cow
believed to have been mutilated by aliens). Investigator
Don Worley sent me samples from a 1968 landing site he
investigated in Indiana. I arranged for analysis of a
sample at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in
Tennessee. Unfortunately it was lost, so I then sent two
more samples to a private laboratory in Kent, England.

According to Dr Anthony Fish, the samples consisted of
aluminium with trace impurities of iron and silicon,
similar in composition to 99.5 per cent aluminium
cooking foil, the major impurities of which are silicon
and iron.

‘Mary Merryweather has at no time sought publicity
as a result of her unusual observation,’ Ted Bloecher
commented. ‘To the contrary, she has gone out of her
way to avoid it and has discussed the incident with no
more than a dozen people, most of whom were family
members or close friends.’1 2 3

OF ROBOTS AND HUMANOIDS

Encounters with human-type beings accompanied by
apparent robots have been reported all over the world.

One of the most intriguing such cases occurred in the
Cisco Grove area of Placer County, near the Loch Laven
lakes of Northern California, in September 1964. A
thorough investigation was conducted by Ted Bloecher
and Paul Cerny, whose report I summarize here.

During a hunting trip on 4 September, 28-year-old
Donald Smythe became separated from his companions.

For protection, he decided to spend the night in a tree on
a mountain ridge. After about two hours, he noticed a
light moving in a ziz-zag manner. Believing it might be a
helicopter, he climbed down and lit three fires on large
rocks to attract attention. The light made no noise. It
made a sweeping half-circle around the witness, moving
over a canyon on the south side of the ridge. In addition
to the bright light, Smythe could see three illuminated
rectangular ‘panels’, which remained motionless for four
or five minutes. From one of these panels came a flash,
and a dark object of some sort, with a flashing light on
top of what looked like a dome, came down, appeared
to move around the witness, then landed. Shortly
afterwards, Smythe heard sounds of something ‘crashing
through the brush’ on the mountainside.

A few minutes later, two ‘humanoid’ figures emerged,
one followed by the other, dressed in ‘some kind of
light-coloured, silver or whitish-looking uniform, with
puffs around the sleeves and joints’, wearing a kind of
hood and with what appeared to be large, dark eyes (see
Fig. 17). The beings came and stood under Smythe’s
tree.

Fig. 17. The robot and spaceman encountered in a terrifying ordeal
by Donald Smythe in Cisco Grove, near the Loch Laven lakes of
Northern California, in September 1964.
(International UFO Reporter)

Not long afterwards, more noises were heard in the
brush. A ‘robot-like’ being, about five feet in height, with
glowing reddish-orange eyes, dressed in a kind of
metallic uniform, approached the tree. Moving in a less
articulated manner than the others, it scattered the
embers of the fire with its arms, then returned to the foot
of the tree. As the humanoids watched, the robot emitted
a puff of odourless white vapour from its mechanical-
looking mouth, rendering the witness unconscious for a
few minutes.

On coming back to his senses, Smythe, alarmed, began
to set fire to some match books, then his hat, and threw
them at the robot. The latter backed off, together with
the humanoids, but they all returned once the fire had
died down. This process was repeated for several hours.

In desperation, the witness shot three arrows at the
robot, causing a flash of light, but no apparent damage,
each time. For further security, Smythe tied himself to
the top of the tree with his belt. At one stage of the night,
the robot was joined by another, similar entity. Again, a
puff of gaseous vapour was directed at Smythe, who
once more blacked out for a short period. The two
humanoids then tried to climb the tree, but Smythe
managed to keep them at bay by shaking the tree
violently. The first robot continued emitting puffs of
vapour, with the same effect on the witness.
‘And I tried all kind of goofy things, you know; just
tried to distract them,’ Smythe recounted. ‘I tried yelling
and making all kinds of noises . . . They didn’t seem to
hear, [though] when I would shout, these two in human
form would look up ... All I could see was a black patch
of face, and the eyes. I couldn’t make out any features of
the face.’

Finally, at dawn, following further harrowing events
and the sounds and temporary appearance of at least one
more white-clad humanoid, both robots and humanoids
departed in a ‘cloud of fog’.

Shock

On Smythe’s return home, his wife was shocked by his
appearance and demeanour:

I	knew something was wrong when I saw him. He was as white
as a sheet [and] his eyes were dazed looking. He spoke to me in
a very shaky voice. He had dark circles under his eyes. He
looked terrible. His arms were covered in pitch, also his pants
and T-shirt. He had small scratches all over his arms. He came
in and didn’t even say hi, hello or anything . . . He then
proceeded to tell me about his Cisco Grove experience. His
hands shook and his voice was subdued ... he was on the verge
of crying [and] was so badly shaken that he took a week off
from work.

Suffering from chest pains and breathing difficulty,
Smythe went to his doctor for a check-up, but nothing
wrong was found. For a year and a half after the
incident, Smythe suffered from terrible nightmares about
the robots. Beginning in 1969, he began to experience
occasional loud buzzing noises in his ears, which he
believed were associated with the beings he had
encountered. On one occasion, while camping with his
wife, the buzzing sounds preceded a sighting of a ‘big
light’ which moved swiftly over a ridge, followed a few
seconds later by another, smaller light.

Investigations

Donald Smythe made out a report of the incident which
initially was sent to Victor Killick, a retired professor of
astronomy, who forwarded it to officials at Mather Air
Force Base. On 25 September 1964, Smythe was
interviewed at his home by a Captain McCloud and
Sergeant R. Barnes of McClellan Air Force Base. Smythe
offered his full co-operation and handed over one of his
arrowheads for analysis. Nothing unusual was found.

He also provided the Air Force investigators with a map
of the area. Before leaving, the investigators suggested
the following possible explanations for the incident: (a)
a group of Japanese; (b) a group of teenagers playing a
prank; or (c) a group of Air Force trainees. Suggestions
of drinking and hallucination were also voiced by
McCloud.

Two or three weekends later, Smythe returned to the
scene of the incident, together with his brother, a friend,
and one of the hunters. Apart from a few of his cigarette
butts, none of the materials he had left there could be
seen.

Civilian investigators were impressed by Smythe.
‘Having just reviewed the case files on this fascinating
and unusual encounter,’ wrote Paul Cerny in 1995,
‘there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that this
incident is factual and authentic. I have spent
considerable time and many visits with the main witness,
and along with the testimony of the other witnesses, I
can rule out any possibility of a hoax.’4

AERIAL ENCOUNTER OVER JAPAN

Captain Yoshiharu Inaba was flying a TOA Airlines
Convair 240 from Osaka to Hiroshima, Japan, on 18
March 1965, at 19.06, when a ‘mysterious, elliptical,
luminous object’ appeared, just after the plane passed
Himeji.
‘I was flying at the time at an altitude of about 2,000
metres,’ reported Captain Inaba. ‘The object followed
for a while, and then stopped for about three minutes,
and then followed along my left wing across the Inland
Sea for a distance of about 90 kilometres until we
reached Matsuyama on Shikoku Island. It then
disappeared.’
Initially fearing a collision, Inaba made a 60-degree
turn to the right, but it was at that point that the object
made an abrupt turn and positioned itself alongside the
port wing. It emitted a greenish-coloured light and
affected the automatic direction finder (ADF) as well as
the radio. As the co-pilot, Tetsu Majima, tried
unsuccessfully to contact the Matsuyama tower to
report the observation, he heard frantic calls from the
pilot of a Tokyo Airlines Piper Apache, Joji Negishi,
who said he was being chased by a mysterious luminous
object while flying along the northern edge of
Matsuyama City.

Captain Inaba, a veteran pilot with over 8,600 flying
hours, said that it was the first time he had encountered
such an object. Weather conditions were good that
evening, with a full moon. A test carried out two nights
later by TO A Airlines ruled out the possibility that the
pilots had seen the reflection of light from their plane.

At around 19.00 on the same evening, three workers
from the Chokoku Electric Power Company in Fuchu,
near Hiroshima, reported sighting a strange object over
Yuki Town. ‘It was shaped like a triangle whose top
radiated a brilliant light,’ said one of the witnesses.

According to a message relayed from the New York
Times office in Tokyo to the TO A Airlines office, a group
of ‘flying saucer experts’ from the US Department of
Defense, the Federal Aviation Administration and the
Palomar Observatory was being sent to Japan to interview 
Inaba and Negishi. ‘The American mission is
believed to be interested in the case,’ it was reported,
‘because there have been several mysterious aviation
accidents and flying saucers might have been involved.’5 6 7

ALIEN BASES RUMOURED IN ARGENTINA

In 1965, rumours of an alien base in Argentina
flourished following numerous sightings of peculiar craft
in the Valley of Loretani and a nearby ravine, located 60
kilometres southwest of Cordoba.

The first incident occurred at 20.00 on 15 July, when
Ruben Busquets, the owner of a tree plantation, together
with his wife Diana Loretani and daughter Marcela,
noticed an unusual object as they were returning home
from the Hotel de la Entrada. As Senor Busquets
described it:

The object was big and very luminous, of a bluish colour, but
varying from moment to moment, sometimes to orangeish-red.

Its shape was that of a truncated cone, though we were unable
to see clearly where the upper part of it ended owing to the
beam of light directed upwards out of the object. The lower
part was circular and convex. Taking the nearby hills as my
gauge, I reckon that it was some 10 to 15 metres in diameter.

It was motionless and made no sound. At one moment it shone
a beam of light on to us . . .

After a long pause, it dropped down vertically, and the
terrain hid it from us, but we could still see the glow from it.

Then finally the glow went out. We went on up to the house,
but before we reached it we met one of our peones who was
lying on the ground, having been thrown by his horse . . . this
peasant had seen it too, and his horse had been so terrified by
it that it had thrown him.

Thereafter, sightings of UFOs flying over the valley
and dropping down into the ravine became a regular
occurrence for the Busquets family. A circular mark,
some seven metres in diameter, was discovered at a spot
where one of the craft seemed to have landed. On
another occasion, Senora Busquets was able clearly to
see windows on one of the craft. The family was not
alone: by this time, labourers on the plantation had
become quite accustomed to seeing the phenomena.

One day, as Senor Busquets sat in his car beneath
some power-lines, watching one of the UFOs, he
received a powerful electric shock. Concerned that the
UFO might bring down the power-lines, he moved his
car away from the area. The UFO immediately turned
off its light, leaving only a reddish glow that eventually
faded out. On 24 July 1965, the Busquets invited a group
of people to observe the strange craft. All of them saw a
‘shining cigar with a black band around it’ which
remained stationary for about 10 seconds before
plunging down into the ravine. The witnesses included
two lawyers, Dr Felix Cochero and Dr Fortunato
Columba. On 5 September 1965, Captain Omar Pagani,
who then headed the Argentine Navy’s UFO
investigations, observed a UFO through a telescope as it
approached and dazzled witnesses (including two
meteorologists), blocking out the entire field of view of
the telescope as it did so.8

MISSING TIME IN MADAGASCAR

The witness in the following case, a certain Monsieur
Wolf, was born in Germany but took up French
nationality after serving in the French Foreign Legion.

The remarkable story which follows is taken from an
interview with Wolf by H. Julien, an investigator for the
French journal Lumieres Dans La Nuit.
‘It was in May 1967,’ began Wolf. ‘I was in
Madagascar, and serving in the Foreign Legion. We had
just been on a reconnaissance exercise in bush terrain.

We were in hourly radio contact with Central Headquarters. 
We had halted at noon in a clearing about 100
metres wide and began to eat. The weather was fine.’
Then it happened.

Suddenly we observed the arrival and descent of a machine of
indefinable colouring. I am colour-blind myself, but I can state
definitely that the thing shone very brightly, and was of the
colour of a new coin shining in the sunlight. Around it there
was an intense, dazzling glow. It came down with the motion
of a falling leaf, and you would have said that there must have
been some sort of accident - it was like a shining egg on the end
of a piece of string. It came down very rapidly. And we felt a
powerful ground shock when it landed. And then a piercing
whistling sound. By now the craft was no longer luminous.

After that the whole thing was unbelievable. There were
twenty-three of us Legionnaires, with one officer and four noncommissioned 
officers. And we were all paralysed. All of us
saw the machine land and take off again, but none of us
perceived the lapse of time. Let me explain: when the machine
had departed, we all recovered the use of our limbs. We were
all in exactly the same positions and the same places as we were
when it had landed. But when we checked up on the time, we
realized that it was now 3.15 p.m. Two and three-quarter
hours had passed without our perceiving it. We had missed
three radio rendezvous with Headquarters. Our officer got a
fearful ticking off for it, for he was incapable of giving any
effective explanation.

The Machine

The machine was smooth, with no visible doors or windows.

It appeared to bear no markings. No antenna. It was like a
smooth egg, twice as high as it was wide. I can’t say what its
exact size was, given the amount of vegetation in the clearing.

But, comparing it with the height of the trees as it was taking
off, you could reckon that it was between seven and eight
metres high. In its base it had several openings, of which we
were able to get a good view as it took off. There were flames
coming from them - not normal flames . . . One could have
taken them for flames, but they must surely have been
something else. Something like what you see when you use a
welding machine to cut metal. Each of the openings emitted a
‘flame’; the whole thing producing one big thick short flame
about one-twentieth of the length of the machine itself.

It had legs. I did not see them, because of the vegetation, but
on the ground there were three marks, set in a triangle, where
it had stood. In the middle of the triangle there was a charred
crater three metres deep - a crater which widened out towards
it base. At the bottom of the crater there were some crystals of
all colours, like bits of broken glass. The bottom of the crater
was full of them, especially in the corners. It was like a vitrified
ring.

When the craft departed, it rose up slowly until it was above
the trees. Then it vanished at a fantastic speed, as though
sucked up into the sky. It left a sort of trail behind it.

Sworn to Secrecy

Headquarters ordered us not to approach the landing site and
not to discuss the matter among ourselves. Some specialists
arrived by plane from Paris to interrogate us. We were made to
swear on oath that we would keep it secret. We were visited by
the doctors and we were made to undergo tests. For two days
after the event we all had violent headaches, with a buzzing in
the ears and a powerful beating in the area of the temples. We
were not told the results of the tests made on us.9

Not the least surprising aspect of this important case
is the missing time experienced by the Legionnaires, with
not one of them being aware of the fact until afterwards;
a classic side-effect reported in abduction cases. But were
any of the men actually abducted into the craft? Was
there any interaction at all? We may never know. The
‘buzzing in the ears’ brings to mind the case of Donald
Smythe, described earlier, who suffered similarly following 
his harrowing experience in 1964.

This case is also important in that it lends weight in
several respects to the theories of UFO propulsion propounded 
by the British aeronautical engineer Leonard
Cramp, in his remarkable book, Piece for a Jig-Saw,
published a year earlier (and now republished in the
United States).10

MORE MYSTERIOUS SUBMARINES

At about 18.15 on 30 July 1967, the Argentine steamer
Naviero was some 120 miles off the coast of Brazil,
opposite Cape Santa Marte Grande (Lat. 28 48 S, Long.
46. 43 W) in the State of Santa Catarina. As the officers
and crew were taking their evening meal, Captain Julian
Lucas Ardanza was notified on the intercom by one of
the officers that something strange was near the ship.

Arriving on deck, Captain Ardanza could see a shining
object in the sea, no more than 50 feet off the starboard
side. Cigar-shaped, with an estimated length of 105 to
110. feet, it emitted a powerful blue and white glow. No
noise could be heard and no wake could be seen in the
water, neither was there any sign of a periscope, railing,
conning tower or any other superstructure, such as
would be expected of conventional submarines.

The mystery craft paced Naviero for 15 minutes at a
speed estimated by Captain Ardanza at 25 knots, as
against the 17 knots of his own vessel. Suddenly, the
unidentified submarine dived, passed right underneath
Naviero and vanished rapidly in the depths, glowing
brightly as it went.

Because the Naviero was carrying explosives, and in
case the crew might panic about being ‘pursued’ on
account of this cargo, Captain Ardanza and his officers
assembled the crew to tell them what had happened. In
subsequent interviews with the Argentine press, Ardanza
said that he had seen nothing like it during his 20 years
at sea. Chief Officer Carlos Lasca described the object as
‘a submergible UFO with its own illumination’. The
Argentine maritime authorities officially classified it as
an ‘Unidentified Submarine Object’.11

For three weeks in February 1960, it was reported that
the Argentine Navy, aided by United States experts,
depth-bombed and called for the surrender of two
mysterious submarines. The submarines lay in the
bottom of Golfo Nuevo, a bay north of Rawson,
separated from the ocean by a narrow entrance. They
were chased by the Argentines all over the bay and each
time they were trapped they managed to slip away
mysteriously. Finally, Argentine Navy Secretary Gaston
Clemente told newsmen that the patrol would be called
off. Intrigued by these events, contactee George Adamski
later asked his space friends for an explanation. ‘The
answer,’ he asserted, ‘was that they were spacecraft.’
They were studying the bottom of the ocean to learn about
conditions on our planet that are not yet indicated on dry land
areas. A number of such craft are making a thorough study of
underwater lands and naval ships of many nations have
encountered them. For the most part, confidential, official
reports of such encounters have been described as ‘fantastic’.

But here again, although our friends would like to surface and
make themselves, and what they are doing, known, our fears
keep us in a state of hostility that prevents their doing so.

Instead, they pass their findings on to others of their people
who are working among our scientists and in other important
places throughout the world. In turn, and in time, this
information will be given to the people as findings from IGY
[International Geophysical Year] research.12

A TRAGIC ENCOUNTER

It was 16.00 on 13 August 1967. Inacio de Souza,
manager of a large fazenda (plantation) between Crixas
and Pilar de Goias, about 100 miles northwest of
Brasilia, was returning to the house with his wife, Luiza,
when they saw three strange-looking figures playing
about like children on the fazenda landing strip. At first,
Inacio thought the people were naked, but his wife had
the impression that they were dressed in skin-tight pale-
yellow clothes. They appeared to have no hair.

On spotting Inacio and his wife, the strangers began
running towards them. It was then that Inacio saw a
peculiar ‘aircraft’, shaped like an inverted wash-basin, at
the end of the landing strip. It appeared to be over 100
feet in width and was touching, or almost touching, the
ground. Frightened, Inacio sent his wife into the house,
reached for his 0.44 calibre carbine, took aim at the
nearest figure and fired. Almost instantly, the ‘aircraft’
emitted a beam of green light which struck Inacio on the
head and shoulder. He fell to the ground unconscious.

As his wife came rushing out of the house to help him,
the three strangers ran back to their ‘aircraft’, which
took off vertically, making a sound like the swarming of
bees.

The owner of the fazenda, a wealthy and well-known
man (who asked that his name not be revealed), flew to
the property three days later, having been informed
about the incident in Sao Paulo, where he lived. He
learned that for the previous two days, Inacio had
complained of numbness and tingling of the body, as
well as headaches and nausea. On the third day, in
addition to these symptoms, Inacio began to suffer from
continuous tremors of the hands and head. The owner
took the sick man to a doctor in Goiana, about 120 miles
to the south. Burn marks, in the form of a perfect circle
15. centimetres in diameter, were found on de Souza’s
torso and head. Blood tests revealed that he was
suffering from ‘malignant alterations of the blood’, i.e.
leukaemia. The doctor warned the owner that the
patient had about 60 days to live.

Inacio’s weight began to decrease. He suffered great
pain, and yellowish-white spots, the size of a fingernail,
appeared all over his body, just underneath the skin. He
died on 11 October 1967, aged 41. In accordance with
her husband’s wishes, Luiza burned his bed, mattress,
bedclothes and clothes, as he was afraid that whatever
had caused his terminal illness might be transmitted to
his family.

‘So far as I am concerned it was just another case of
cancer,’ stated the sceptical doctor at Goiana, in
response to questions from investigators. ‘I advised the
fazendeiro to “forget” what his employee said had
happened, since he (the fazendeiro) had not been an eyewitness.’ 
Unable to accept that Inacio’s condition was
the result of an encounter with space beings, the doctor
attributed the story to a hallucination brought on by
leukaemia.13 14

There seems little likelihood that this disturbing
encounter was in fact the product of a hallucination. A
hoax seems equally far-fetched. Inacio de Souza was
described as a simple, honest and trustworthy man, with
no motive for such a hoax. Would he and his wife have
compromised his life and their livelihood by making up
such a story?

The figures initially seen ‘playing about like children’
bring to mind a number of similar cases, such as that of
Jose Higgins, whose 1947 encounter with aliens in Brazil
is described in Chapter 3. Had Inacio not taken the
drastic action of shooting at one of the figures, perhaps
the outcome of this encounter might not have been so
tragic.

A POLICEMAN ABDUCTED

One of the most fascinating and, for me, compelling
alien contact reports is that of Nebraska police
patrolman Herbert Schirmer, who encountered a landed
craft and its crew in Ashland, Nebraska, in the small
hours of 3 December 1967. Initially, Schirmer recalled
having seen a ‘flying saucer’ on the edge of the highway
at 02.30, reporting it as such in the police logbook.

Further details emerged six months later, during time-
regression hypnosis with a professional hypnotist,
Loring Williams.

As Schirmer got out of his patrol car to investigate,
quasi-human beings approached, paralysed him temporarily 
with a ‘greenish gas’, then took him on board
the football-shaped craft, which rested on tripod landing
legs. A small exterior catwalk surrounded the centre of
the craft. He found himself in a room about 26 feet by
20. feet and about six feet high, with portholes,
‘computer-like’ screens, and two triangular-backed
chairs. The four crew members were nearly five feet tall,
dressed in tight-fitting silver-grey uniforms that enclosed
their long, thin heads, with a short aerial-type antenna
coming from one side, belts with a flashlight-like ‘gas-
gun’ in a holster, and gloves and boots. They had an
emblem on their large chests that looked similar to that
of the ancient winged serpent (akin to the caduceus
reported by Dan Fry - see pp. 90, 91-2). ‘The skin on
their faces was sort of grey-white, a pasty dough colour,’
Schirmer told the journalist Warren Smith. They had
thin, slanting eyebrows above large, oriental-type eyes.
‘These eyes were not actually like oriental eyes,’ he
explained, ‘they looked more like cat’s eyes.’ The nose
was longer, flatter and more prominent than those of
humans. ‘There wasn’t much lip to them. They were
more of a slit in the face . . .’15
One, who appeared to be the crew leader, communicated 
to Schirmer that they were extracting
electricity from a nearby power-line, an operation he
observed through a porthole. Later, the electricity taken
was replaced. ‘When they land, an invisible [electromagnetic
] force field is thrown around the ship in a
circular pattern [as] a defence mechanism,’ said Schirmer
under hypnosis. ‘In some way which I do not
understand, they draw a type of power from water. This
is why we see them over rivers, lakes and large bodies of
water.’16

The craft, just over 100 feet in diameter, was propelled
by ‘reversible electro-magnetic energy’, creating inertia-
less, gravity-free flight. A crystal-like rotor in the centre
of the craft was linked to two large columns. ‘He said
those were the reactors,’ Schirmer recounted under
hypnosis. ‘Reversing magnetic and electrical energy
allows them to control matter and overcome the forces
of gravity.’ The craft supposedly was made from pure
magnesium.

Schirmer was shown a small, saucer-shaped device
that could be launched from the larger craft. As also
described identically by George Adamski, the device
could transmit real-time audiovisual data. ‘They send
the little saucer down to check out an area before they
bring the big ship back in,’ Schirmer told Smith. ‘The
pictures from the little baby saucer show up on the vision
screen inside the ship. The best way I can describe [it] is
to compare it with a baby moon hub-cap, which the kids
buy to dress up their cars.’

Allegedly, the aliens came from a nearby galaxy, but
had bases in our solar system, including on Earth (see
Chapter 19). ‘I’m not certain they are from the places
they said,’ explained Schirmer. ‘This might be something
to throw us off guard.’ The crew leader said that, to
protect themselves, the aliens deliberately confused us;
that contacts were selected on a random basis for that
very reason. ‘He said they left things to pure chance. If
there isn’t any rhyme or reason to something, it is bound
to puzzle the governments of the world and UFO
investigators ... I was very impressed by their security.’

After about 20 minutes, Schirmer was escorted off the
craft, and he recalls watching it take off. Accompanied
by a high-pitched whine, a reddish-orange glow
appeared on the bottom of the ship, the tripod legs
retracted and the craft shot into the sky.

‘I had a bad headache that morning,’ Schirmer told
Warren Smith. ‘There was a weird sort of buzzing sound
in my head. If I started to fall off to sleep, the buzzing
noise got louder. I also had a red welt running down the
nerve cord on my neck, right below my left ear.’ For a
long time after the encounter, Schirmer suffered from
severe headaches.

Schirmer’s case was brought before the University of
Colorado UFO study group. He was flown to Colorado
for standard psychological tests, including a hypnosis
session, attended by Dr Edward Condon himself, head
of the study group. Staff members told Schirmer that a
negative report on his experience would be given. ‘They
said their work was being checked by the Air Force and
other government agencies before it was published. I was
told that the whole Condon Committee was a cover-up
designed to get the Air Force off the hook following so
many sightings in 1966.’ Schirmer continues:

Some of those guys felt that the Central Intelligence Agency
was messing around. One staff member had done a lot of the
field investigations. He was picked up on a narcotics charge.

The police went right to his house and directly to a cache of
marijuana. I know police work. You have to have a tip-off to
know where to find something like that. Several people
believed that this fellow was probably set up, framed, because
of something he had found out during his field work.17

MORE LONG-HAIRED INTERLOPERS

Another landing of humanoids at a fazenda in Brazil
took place in the early part of January 1968, at the
Lagoa Negra Fazenda, near Lagoa dos Patos, in the
Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. This time, there
were five witnesses: the owner of the fazenda, his wife,
son and daughter, and the fazenda manager.

The incident occurred sometime between 20.00 and
22.00, on a clear night. Initially, a disc-shaped object,
about 10 metres in diameter and three metres high, was
seen ‘floating’ two metres above the ground, beside a
grove of eucalyptus trees, observed at a distance of less
than 400 metres from inside the fazenda house. With a
cupola on top and a sort of protuberance underneath,
the craft had a metallic gleam and emitted a powerful,
cold, reddish light that penetrated through the chinks in
the windows and the doors of the house, causing the
witnesses’ eyes to burn.

The first two figures to appear beside the disc seemed
about two metres tall, dressed in white overalls with a
broad white band at the waist, and high, dark-coloured
collars. The faces of the beings were described as full,
white, with long hair hanging down to their shoulders.

The beings also had large bare feet, long hands, and a
rather rigid manner of walking, without bending their
legs.

Afterwards, three more beings appeared. These were
no more than 1.4 metres in height, wearing chestnut-
brown overalls with a similar-coloured band around the
waist, hair as long as the previous two, and shod in small
boots. They walked rapidly, though not leaving the area
beneath the disc. Momentarily, the two taller beings
moved away from the disc and went towards a wire
fence, getting as far as a ditch that ran beside it. After
following this until they were at a point halfway between
the disc and the gate, they retraced their steps. They then
walked away from the disc a second time, went up to the
gate via a different route, halted in front of a small
wooden bridge over the ditch, and returned once again
to the disc. For a third time, the taller beings left the area
of the disc, following the route they had first taken. This
time they crossed the bridge, came to the gate and
opened it, entered, closed the gate, then headed towards
the house.

By this time, the fazenda-owner and his manager had
left the house and taken up a position lying under two
palm trees, enabling them to observe the disc and its
occupants without themselves being seen. The wife and
children stayed inside the house. Frightened by the red
light that had penetrated the house, the son lay in bed
and covered himself with the bedclothes. The five
household dogs, normally fierce towards strangers, at no
time seemed to be disturbed, even when the interlopers
approached the house. The manager, who was armed,
decided to challenge the intruders, but the owner
ordered him to keep quiet.


Fig. 18. The long-haired interlopers who landed in full view of five
witnesses at a fazenda near Lagoa dos Patos, in the Brazilian state of
Rio Grande do Sul, in January 1968.
(Terence Collins/FSR Publications)


‘When the beings had got to about 60 metres from the
house,’ reported investigator Jader Pereira, ‘the daughter
was able to see their features clearly because the whole
area around about was completely lit up by the light
from the disc, and she exclaimed: “Mother, they look
like Saints!”’ This exclamation frightened the mother,
who decided to call her husband to come back inside the
house. As she opened the door and called him, the two
beings halted. ‘They did this several times,’ said Pereira,
‘until finally they turned round and went back to the disc
along the same route by which they had come. Then all
five of them entered the object, which rose up vertically,
apparently with a slight rotary movement.’ The entire
incident lasted for about twenty minutes.

The following day, the witnesses discovered two kinds
of footprints: one large, as though from bare feet, with
very long toes and angular heels; the other prints small,
with a smooth heel, while the forepart of the sole showed
‘a sort of five-pointed star’ in the centre. Unfortunately,
no plaster-casts were taken.18

The humanoids described in this case compare
interestingly with earlier descriptions of similar beings,
such as George Adamski’s ‘Orthon’, with his long hair
and ‘chocolate-brown’ overalls. According to the
investigators: ‘The family are people who are held in
high regard locally and in the Municipality of Viamao.

None of them had ever hitherto had any interest in the
subject of flying saucers.’19

RUMOURS OF ALIEN BASES IN PERU

During the summer of 1968, the rural populace in the
Peruvian Andes became so alarmed by numerous ‘flying
saucer apparitions’ in their area that the district
authorities of Huaraz dispatched a commission, accompanied 
by armed police, to investigate reports that the
‘saucers’ were using a particular area close to Lake
Yanacocha, in central Peru, as a base. Many farmers
claimed to have seen luminous objects ‘shooting
downwards at great speed’, as though to land, on an
extensive plain lying between Lake Yanacocha and Lake
Pumacocha. Twice weekly, it was alleged, the ‘saucers’
appeared in broad daylight, then vanished swiftly,
leaving landing traces on the ground.20

According to UFO investigator and engineer Antonio
Ponce de Leon, a ‘saucerdrome’ (platillodromo), had
been discovered at Chumo, in the Sicuani area of
southern Peru. De Leon reported that he had learned
about the ‘saucerdrome’ from the local Indians.21

Rumours proliferated in 1968 that an alien base existed
in the depths of Lake Titicaca. Many local witnesses
reported sightings of ‘saucers’ heading towards the lake
and vanishing therein.22

In 1993, many inhabitants of Huaraz, capital of the
department of Ancash, north of Lima, claimed that
flying saucers had bases in the highest peaks of the
Cordillera Blanca, a stretch of the Andes. The highest
such peak, El Huascaran, is 7,000 metres; others vary
from 5,000 to 6,000 metres. According to witnesses,
flying saucers were regularly seen to emerge from the
lakes in this area. On 28 October 1993, for example,
numerous farmers, shepherds and others reported
sighting a UFO emerge from the lake on Mount
Carhuac. According to Osterling Obregon, a teacher,
Mount Carhuac was lit up with different colours when
the UFO rose up from the 5,000-metre peak.
‘For four minutes I watched the UFO rise slowly
above the Cordillera Blanca,’ stated Obregon. By the
time the teacher returned with his camera, the object had
disappeared. Ten minutes later, what appeared to be the
same object was seen by another teacher, Juan Gomez.

The object emitted brilliant lights and described a series
of aerobatic manoeuvres.23

CLAMP-DOWN

It was Sunday 9 September 1968. Professor Wilton
Ribeiro was walking on the beach at Itaipu, near
Niteroi, to the east of Rio de Janeiro, when a strange
object, emitting beams of orange light, suddenly-
descended silently about 200 metres away. The object
came closer and hovered about 10 metres above the sea,
spinning on its vertical axis while making a humming
sound. Other witnesses included Joao Abud, juridical
assessor of the Secretariat of Justice of the State of Rio
de Janeiro, and Professor Sohail Saud, a teacher of
business studies. Professor Saud said that the object,
which he described as a large disc, made a number of
low-level passes over the beach before landing briefly.

Occupants could be seen inside the craft, he claimed,
though he was unable to describe them in detail, other
than that they were wearing ‘helmets’. Several witnesses
were reported as having suffered from shock.24

On 21 November 1968, a young Brazilian woman
claimed to have witnessed a landed craft and its
occupants at a bus stop near Macedo, in the State of Sao
Paulo. The bus had halted while the driver took a
customary break. On waste ground about 40 metres
away, the witness noticed a shining, metallic object,
standing or hovering close to the ground. It was of a
similar shape to that reported by George Adamski and
others, with several exceptions: the cupola appeared to
be divided into four segments, with an antenna at the
top; a row of circular, ever-changing lights surrounded
the rim or ‘skirt’; and there was a set of three steps
beneath A large (stationary) entrance in the rim (see Fig.
19.). Standing in front of the craft were three ‘men’,
about two metres in height, wearing skin-tight, shining
black suits, leaving only the faces bare. One of the
entities held ‘a sort of tube’ under one arm, about 60
centimetres in length and seven centimetres in diameter,
surrounded by a spiral coil. Two thin protuberances
came out of one end of the tube.

Fig. 19. The landed craft near Macedo, State of Sao Paulo, Brazil: A.
Antenna with red light. B. Dome, in segments. C. Skirt, seemed to be
spinning clockwise. D. Patch of violet light beneath.
('Terence Collins/FSR Publications)

Between the witness and the entities, about 20 metres
from the bus and with their backs towards her, a crowd
of about twenty people, grouped behind three armed
policemen, confronted the entities. On the side of the
road opposite the bus were parked two police radiopatrol 
cars. As the two parties continued facing each
other, a brilliant, silver-coloured beam of light suddenly
shot out from the tube. As investigator Nigel Rimes
reported:

The beam was directed at the party of Brazilian police and
bystanders, the front ranks of whom (including the policemen)
immediately ceased all movement and were ‘paralysed’. She
noticed however that a number of the others who were not in
the forefront were also affected, and she saw several fall as
though in a faint. She also noticed that the entity did not swing
the tube itself, but swung his whole body round, still holding
the tube in position under his arm.

The entities walked calmly and slowly back to their
craft, which then took off and climbed away rapidly.

Though no corroboration of this extraordinary report
came forth, to my knowledge, both the investigators -
one of whom was Willi Wirz, managing director of the
Brazil Herald - were impressed by the witness. ‘Our
young lady seemed to be an entirely sincere and truthful
person,’ reported Nigel Rimes. ‘She made it clear that
she desired no publicity and that she had only come
forward with this information because she felt that it
was her duty to do so.
‘Our conclusion so far is that this case certainly seems
to be genuine, and that the military authorities have
clamped down on other witnesses . . .’25


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Bloecher, Ted, ‘UFO Landing and Repair by Crew: Part P,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 20, no. 2, March-April 1974,
pp. 21-6.
2.	Bloecher, Ted, ‘UFO Landing and Repair by Crew: Part II’,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 20, no. 3 (published December
1974.), pp. 24-7.
3.	Schwarz, Berthold Eric, MD, ‘New Berlin UFO Landing
and Repair by Crew’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 21, nos.
3./4,1975, pp. 22-8.
4.	Bloecher, Ted, and Cerny, Paul, ‘The Cisco Grove Bow and
Arrow Case of 1964’, International UFO Reporter, vol.
20., no. 5, winter 1995, pp. 16-22, 32.
5.	Japan Times, Tokyo, 21 March 1965.
6.	Mainichi Daily News, Tokyo, 22 March 1965.
7.	Mainichi Daily News, Tokyo, 23 March 1965.
8.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘Further Reports of UFO Bases’, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 15, no. 2, March-April 1969, pp.
15.-16. The original account appeared in Asi, Buenos Aires,
7.	September 1965.
9.	Julien, H., ‘A 1967 Landing in Madagascar’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 23, no. 1, January-February 1977, pp. 29-30,
translated by Gordon Creighton. The original article
appeared in Lumieres Dans La Nuit, no. 160, December
1976.
10.	Cramp, Leonard, G., UFOs and Anti-Gravity: Piece for a
Jig-Saw, Adventures Unlimited Press, One Adventure
Place, Kempton, Illinois 60646, 1996.
11.	Galindez, Oscar A., ‘Crew of Argentine Ship See
Submarine UFO’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 14, no. 2,
March-April 1968, p. 22.
12.	Adamski, George, Flying Saucers Farewell, Abelard-
Schuman, London, 1961, pp. 44-5.
13.	Bowen, Charles, ‘A Fatal Encounter’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 15, no. 2, March-April 1969, pp. 13-14.
14.	Brazil in Throes of Big Flap’, The APRO Bulletin,
March-April 1969, pp. 1, 5.
15.	Norman, Eric, Gods, Demons and UFOs, Lancer Books,
New York, 1970, pp. 169-93.
16.	Blum, Ralph, with Blum, Judy, Beyond Earth: Man's
Contact with UFOs, Corgi Books, London, 1974, p. 117.
17.	Norman, op. cit.
18.	Pereira, Jader U., The Remarkable Landing at Lagoa
Negra’, translated by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer
Review Case Histories, supplement no. 5, 1971, pp. 3-4.
19.	Ibid., p. 3.
20.	Creighton, op. cit., p. 16, translated from an EFE report,
Urcos, Peru, 31 July 1968, as published in Sur, Malaga,
Spain, 1 August 1968.
21.	Ibid., translated from Expreso, Lima, Peru, 27/29
September 1968.
22.	Ibid., pp. 16, 19, translated from an Agence France-Presse
despatch, Buenos Aires, 11 November 1968.
23.	‘UFO Base in Highest Mountains in Peru’, EFE, Lima, 31
October 1993.
24.	‘Brazil: Landing on a Beach near Rio de Janeiro’, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 17, no. 2, March-April 1971, p. 30,
translated by Gordon Creighton from O Dia, Rio de
Janeiro, 10, 11 September 1968.
25.	Rimes, Nigel, ‘Baleia Entities Seen Again?’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 15, no. 2, March-April 1969, pp. 6-8.


=========================================================
Chapter 14. CONTRASTING ENCOUNTERS

Carroll Wayne Watts, a 39-year-old cotton farmer living
in Loco, near Wellington, Texas, saw his first ‘spaceship’
on the morning of 8 February 1967. Together with
another sighting six weeks later, it was to be a prelude to
one of the most bizarre, fascinating encounters ever
reported; an encounter that led to nationwide press
coverage, though with a sinister sequel of events for
Watts and his family. Perhaps owing to the seemingly -
ludicrous nature of the encounter, and Watts’s subsequent 
‘confession’ to having perpetrated a hoax, it is
seldom cited in the literature. Here follows the story,
based largely on an unpublished report he wrote
together with his wife, Rosemary.

At about 11.00, Watts saw what he first took to be a
fast-moving aircraft, flying from the northwest on a
southeast heading, at an estimated altitude of about
1.,300 feet. ‘I thought it to be a jet at first until I noticed
that it didn’t have any wings and didn’t leave exhaust
streams,’ said Watts. ‘It looked like a long cylinder shape
at that height.’

On 21 March, at about 15.00, Watts was measuring
cotton land on one of his farms; when he noticed another
peculiar aerial object. This time it was much closer. ‘It
was about 200 feet off the ground, traveling about 50
miles per hour,’ he recalled.

The front of it was raised at about a 30-degree angle. When it
passed me at the closest point of about 200 yards, I could see
an opening in the front which looked to be a window. There
was also a window on the side which was oblong. The ship
looked to be shaped like a cylinder about 100 feet long and
eight to ten feet across. The color was a light dull gray which
did not reflect the sunlight. It traveled about three-fourths of a
mile northwest and turned northeast and set about a 70-degree
angle and completely vanished in about 30 seconds. It didn’t
make any noise nor did it leave a vapor trail.

A Closer Encounter
On the evening of 31 March, Watts’s wife had gone with
their children to a church meeting. At around 22.30,
returning home after visiting his parents, Watts spotted
a light in a field by an old house on his farmland. ‘There
was some equipment stored in the house so I thought
that I should go up and take a look around,’ he said.
‘The light at first looked like a car with four headlights
on bright. As I approached, I noticed the lights were
much brighter.’

I stopped within 200 feet of the vehicle when I noticed it was
something other than a car. It was about 100 feet long, eight to
ten feet high and ten feet across. It was shaped something like
a .38 bullet, long and round on one end and the front end came
to a point where the light was and sloped a little downward. It
was between a dull gray and aluminum in color. It didn’t reflect
light.

Watts pulled up about 50 feet from the craft and got
out of his truck to take a closer look. He walked around
behind it, then for about 20 feet along its left side. Here
he noticed a slight ridge where he assumed there might
be an opening.1 In an interview with reporter Tony
Kimery, Watts described what followed:

I thought it must be some new aircraft the Air Force had
developed and that it must have made an emergency landing,
or something. I also thought that there might be injured
crewmen aboard, and I wondered how to find out, since there
weren’t any windows or doors. I scrounged around and found
an old rotting fence post and pulled it out of the mud, and
started banging and sounding out the machine by hitting it
with the post.2

Suddenly, a door he had not seen slid open. ‘The door
opened from the top and came down to make steps,’
Watts explained.3

Inside, there were no crew or anything, just machinery and all
kinds of meters and dials, lit up by this strange bluish light.

Then there was a loud crackling, like the beginning of a
Victrola record, and then a voice, sounding like it came from a
machine or was recorded, began talking to me. It knew my
name and everything and it told me that it wanted to give me a
physical examination.4

‘I asked them what was the reason for the physical and
they said [that] a man had to pass a rigid physical before
he could stand the flight. They told me to stand in front
of this machine if I would take the physical. The machine
reached almost from the floor to the ceiling. They also
told me that they had a machine that could go within
300. yards of a building or house and could tell how
many were in the house and also what age [the
occupants] were.

‘After they told me this, they asked me again if I
wanted to step inside, take the physical, and experience
some of these things. I told them “no”, that I didn’t think
that I wanted to. The only other things that I could see
in this compartment were some gauges on the ceiling,
which I couldn’t read, and some maps on the wall.’
The maps were about three feet square but only about 12 inches
from the floor. The complete map was a light gray color. It
looked like they were large scale maps of land. There were seven
or eight crooked lines running diagonally that looked like rivers
and also moon-shaped markings that could have represented
mountains. It had latitude and longitude lines on it.

‘After I was asked the third time to take a physical, I
got a little jumpy and decided that I had better leave,’
continued Watts. ‘After I left, it raised about three feet
and turned south down in a pasture. There was no noise
at all coming from it except for the time when the door
opened. When it was standing still, it never did touch the
ground. When it took off, its lights changed from a
fluorescent light to an amber or soft red light. It had only
this one large light on the front . . . about 20 inches
across.’5

Without bothering to turn his truck around in the
thick mud, Watts ran back the half-mile to his home.

After hearing her husband rather incoherently explaining 
what had just happened to him, Rosemary Watts
called the police in Wellington, 11 miles to the northeast
of their farm. Chief of Police Donald Nunnelly, a relative
of Watts, together with Collingsworth County Sheriff
John Rainey, arrived and accompanied Watts to the
scene of the incident. Nothing could be found,- except
Watts’s truck, stuck in the mud.

Sheriff Rainey informed the Air Force, and a
lieutenant interviewed Watts. The lieutenant was unable
to reassure Watts or offer any helpful advice in the event
that another, similar incident should occur.6

On Board

On 11 April 1967, at about 20.30, Watts saw a light,
similar to the one he had seen on 31 March, and in about
the same location. An hour later, he left his house to see
if he could find the ‘spaceship’ again. ‘Since I couldn’t get
any information from the Air Force or any other source
as to what the other ship was,’ he explained, ‘I wanted
to find out more about it myself.’ After driving around
slowly for about a quarter of an hour in a three-mile
radius of where he had seen the light, he turned into a
road leading to an old vacant house to turn around.

Just as he started to back up, Watts noticed that the
area around him was getting lighter. At first he paid little
heed because there was a lot of lightning that night. The
light became brighter; simultaneously, the engine of his
pickup ‘made three or four vibrations and died’. He tried
unsuccessfully to start the engine. ‘About that time, I
looked in my rear-view mirror and saw a light reflected
in it. I stepped out of the pick-up and turned and faced
the back of the pick-up.’ There he saw an object,
different from the others he had seen.

About 10 feet from the rear of the pick-up was an object
shaped similar to an egg. However, the bottom wasn’t as round
as the top. It was about 30 feet in length and about 15 feet in
height in the center. (At times, these smaller crafts jerk about
10	feet from side to side. They have two antenna-type rods
extending down about three feet. When they landed and picked
me up, these rods were about six inches from the ground. This
made the ship about three and one-half feet from the ground.)
There were three lights attached to it; one on each end and one
in the center close to the top. These lights rotated from red to
yellow to green, but each time that they changed there was only
one on red, one on yellow, and one on green, and then they
would start over with each one a different color at the same time.

This small craft had a clear bubble on the top, about three
feet high and four feet in diameter. The door opened down
from the top and formed steps. There were two men standing
on the steps and two men standing in the doorway.

One of the men said, ‘Let’s go and let you take your physical
examination.’ I hesitated a minute before I answered. I asked
them if they would harm me in any way, and they said, ‘No.’ I
also asked them if they would bring me back, and they said
that they would bring me directly back. Since I had the choice
of either running across the field or getting aboard with them,
I chose to go with them.

I had to stoop down a little to get through the doorway. I’m
five feet eleven inches, and the doorway [was] about five and
one-half feet in height and about 30 inches wide. The room
into which I walked was about 12 by 10 feet. There was a door
in each end. I didn’t notice a handle on either door. I didn’t get
to look into these other two rooms. The floor was flat.

As I stepped through the door into the spaceship, the two men
who were already in the room motioned for me to sit down in a
reclining chair that was in the center of the room. There were
also four chairs on the opposite side of the room. There were
two in each corner, made similar to an automobile bucket seat.

When the four men sat down in these chairs, the chairs tilted
back so that their heads were about one foot from the wall.7

The main door or hatch slammed shut, making a
sound similar to that of a heavy car door being closed.8

Take-Off

When the ‘men’ sat down, one of them pushed a button
on a small control-panel and a light came on underneath
the button.9 The lighting dimmed to near-darkness, and
there was a slight jolt.10 Immediately after the ship had
taken off, a high-pitched whine could be heard, which by
Watts’s estimation lasted for about one and a half
minutes.

A few seconds after this button was pushed, the ship moved
forward, and since I didn’t sit down in the chair as I was told
to do, I was thrown backward against a partition. One of the
men pushed a button on the panel again, and the ship slowed
down. They then got up and helped me get into the chair and
strapped it across my chest and above my knees.11

The metallic-looking chair turned out to be extremely
flexible and comfortable, adjusting itself to Watts’s body
contours.12

We had been traveling about five minutes and it got real cold.

They didn’t seem to react to the cold as I did. It got down
around freezing. He pushed another button on the panel and in
a few minutes it started getting a little warmer. It took about
10	minutes for it to get warm enough for me to quit shaking
from the sudden drop in temperature.

We traveled about 20 minutes from the time of take-off
when the ship started slowing down and stopped. I heard four
metallic clicks, and the wall opposite me between the two
chairs slid back to reveal a round-shaped tunnel. . . about five
feet high. When I first heard the clicks, the men got up and
unbuckled the belts. The nearest man to me said, ‘Let’s go over
here’, and led the way through about an eight-foot tunnel into
another ship.

Weapons?

‘As we stepped from the tunnel into the first room, in the
left end of it was something that resembled shelves or
racks of some type [which] reached from the ceiling to
the floor. There were four shelves which had eight to ten
“weapons” on each shelf.’

The weapons were made similar to a rifle or shotgun; however,
the overall length was about 28 or 30 inches long. The ‘stock’
was about 12 inches in length. Where our guns have a receiver
and trigger, these had neither, but a hand-grip on the stock. In
place of a receiver, there were three oval-type discs about one-
half inch thick about one and one-half inches apart and five
inches around. The barrel started there and was about three
inches round. On the opposite wall from these weapons was
some kind of cabinet that had pigeon-holes in it [in which]
were stacks of these round, slotted discs.

The ‘Physical’

‘We turned right and walked through an opening which
I didn’t see as a door,’ Watts’s report continues. ‘This
man stepped to the side of the door and remained on the
outside of the room. I was met a short distance inside the
room by two more men who explained to me that they
were conducting a survey and would appreciate it if I
would co-operate and submit myself to a physical. This
room looked like the same room that I looked into on
March 31 when I saw the larger ship.’
In this room, there was a strong odor that smelled like sulphur.

It burned my eyes and I could feel it going down my lungs a
little. I could see it every once in a while coming in from a vent
around the floor. I had noticed this odor a little before in the
small craft and some in the first room that I walked into on this
large craft.

They had me walk on to the center of the room where the
machine was located, to undress and take the physical. This
machine was about six feet tall and 36 inches wide, and cupped
in front. They put me in a position in front of the machine,
about one and one-half inches from it. There was a large
throw-switch about a foot from the top of the machine. They
pulled this switch down and a light came on on each side of this
machine, about five inches from the top. There was a narrow
band of glass between each light, about three-eighths of an inch
wide. There was also a round control-knob on the left side,
about three feet from the floor, which they turned until these
two lights came together.

There were four gauges over this machine that were molded
into the ceiling. I couldn’t read any of them. Each one had a
needle on it, but I couldn’t read the writing. While they were
adjusting the machine, there were round, flexible needles
coming out, one about every inch. The needles were about the
size of a hypodermic needle. Instead of piercing the skin, they
came out and just laid down against the skin. I stood and faced
the machine about five minutes and then they turned me
around. They put me in position again and re-adjusted it until
the lights came together again.

During this time, the machine transferred its information
into another machine, starting at the side and extending out
about five feet. Out of the other end came a paper about 18
inches wide. One of the two men who seemed to be in control
of my taking the physical walked back and forth from me to
this paper, about every two minutes. I stood there about five
more minutes, and they turned the switch off and said that it
was complete. They walked down and got the paper and came
back by me, and I asked them how it turned out. He said, ‘All
I can tell now is that you are about eight pounds over-weight.’

An Attempt at Verification

Watts was told to get dressed. The beings walked into
another room where the four others were, gathered in a
close group and examined the paper. After Watts had redressed, 
he looked around and noticed a desk and chair
on the right side of the room. On the desk lay a stack of
maps, about three inches thick and a yard square. One
map lay directly in front of the chair, as if the beings had
been studying it. ‘On the other corner of the desk,’
claimed Watts, ‘was a stack of papers and pencils and
also a paperweight.’
Like the famous Brazilian abductee Antonio Villas
Boas, who tried to take a ‘clock-like instrument’ to
furnish proof of his experience 10 years earlier, Watts
felt he ought to purloin the paperweight.

The paperweight was about two by three inches, with squared
corners and about three-eighths of an inch thick. It looked like
metal to me, but wasn’t heavy like steel. I looked to see if all
the men were in the other room and picked up the paperweight
and put it in my pocket underneath my billfold. I stood there a
short length of time when one of the men who took me up there
walked into the room and came directly over to me. He lifted
the paperweight out of my pocket without saying a thing. I
caught his arm with my left hand, and he hit me across the back
of the head. I was unconscious for about 15 to 20 minutes.

The Return

On recovering consciousness, Watts found himself back
in the small craft again, strapped in the chair. ‘And we
were moving,’ he added. He asked the man closest to
him what the purpose of the physical was. ‘We are
conducting a survey,’ came the blunt reply. Asked to
explain the purpose of the survey, the man merely
responded that ‘they would make maps of the complete
planet before they were through’, because, said Watts,
‘the people on Earth would in a short time reach the
Moon and eventually build better and bigger equipment
to go out farther, and that’s when they would step in.
‘They said they didn’t have wars where they came
from; that they put all their energy to work for scientific
matters. I asked him if they were more intelligent than
we, and he said, “Yes, I am 162 years old. I have already
lived three times longer than you will live.” He said that
they were from the planet that we call Mars.
‘About that time the ship slowed down, and they
unstrapped me and opened the door for me to leave. The
last thing they said to me was, “If we need you, we’ll
contact you.” They brought me back to the same spot
where they picked me up where my pick-up was. I was
on the two ships about one and a half hours in all.’13
Meanwhile, back at the farmhouse, Rosemary
worried about her husband. She had seen the light of the
‘spaceship’ in the distance, and telephoned the
Wellington Police Department. Donald Nunnelly and
John Rainey came to her house and began looking for
Watts, who eventually arrived back home, too disturbed
to go into details about his latest experience that night.

Nunnelly noticed that Watts had an unusual twitch in
his face and that he was nervously massaging the back of
his neck.14

The Beings

In Watts’s report, the entities are described in great
detail:

The four men in the small ship that took me up were dressed in
white coveralls. Their shoes were of material or soft leather
that resembled a high moccasin, with soft soles that didn’t
make any noise when they walked, like mine did [a peculiarity
reported in other cases].

The two men who gave me the physical were dressed in
white, two-piece suits. The coats had a flap down the front so
that I couldn’t tell what kind of closure was on them. They also
had a pocket on each side of the flap, just below the waistline
on the coat. The one who seemed to be in charge had [an]
insignia on his collar.

These men were about four feet high [or so]. They varied
two or three inches at the most and weighed from 115 to 130
pounds. They were a little thicker than ordinary through the
chest. The color of the skin was between a white and a very
light gray. They had no hair on their heads nor eyebrows.

Their facial features differ from ours. They had only a small
slit about one-half inch long for an ear. Their eyes started in the
center, about where ours do, but go around the side of their
head to about where our hairline starts. Their eyes are about
one inch up and down at the thickest point, which is the center,
and tapered to each end. They can see to the side as well as to
the front. The pupil in their eyes is oblong and about one inch
long. You could see about three-fourths of an inch of white on
each end of their eyes. Three of the men had brown eyes, one
had green, one blue, and one, who seemed to be in charge of
the ship, had blood-red eyes. He also had something on a little
white belt around his waist which I took to be some type of
weapon. It was about four or five inches long and two inches
wide, with a round handle, but I didn’t see a trigger or barrel
like we have on our guns.

Their nose didn’t protrude out from their face like ours. It
curved over some type of bone structure which had two slits
below it, about one-half inch long with a small hole about the
size of a kitchen match beneath each.

Their mouth was more of a straight line with very thin lips.

The only expression that they ever made with their mouth was
to smile. I never did see one with his mouth open. Their
conversation was done through mental telepathy, and they can
read your thoughts. However, I talked to them naturally, and
their thoughts just came to me someway. I never could hear the
conversation between them, only when one was sending
thoughts directly to me.15

Further Encounters

At about 22.00 on 21 May 1967, Carroll Watts looked
out of his front door and saw the light and outline of the
same, or a similar, cigar-shaped craft, less than a mile
away. ‘My wife and I watched it for about one and a half
hours that night,’ said Watts. ‘It would dart sideways a
few minutes and go back each time to the same spot
where we first noticed it. The light was bright enough
that we could see the outline of the ship, but it wasn’t a
glaring light. It was still there when we retired that night.

We debated about going down there, but decided against
it since our children were already asleep, and it was too
late to take them to my parents’ house to stay.’
The following night, Watts spotted the ‘spaceship’
above a field about 200 yards away, so he decided to
take some 8mm movie film of it. ‘Two weeks later we
saw them across the road from our house in a pasture,’
said Watts, ‘and I went out and took a picture of the
ship.’
On 7 June 1967 at 11.00, while repairing a fence on a
farm he owned, about a mile northwest of his house in
Loco, Watts saw the large ship approaching from the
north. He ran to his car, grabbed his Polaroid camera
and managed to take seven black-and-white pictures.
‘The ship was about 300 feet in the air when it came over
me, made a circle and left,’ said Watts. Of the seven
photographs, four developed clearly.

At about 15.00 on 11 June 1967, Watts spotted the
ship again, on the farm where he had encountered the
‘Martians’ on 11 April. He was planting cotton at the
time. As before, the ship approached from the north and
headed south. Later, Watts claims, it returned and
landed on a ridge in a pasture. One of the beings got out
of the ship for a short time and walked around. ‘During
this time I was down in a low place west of this ridge. I
was able to get one picture of the man before he ran and
got back into the ship and left, going north.’
Watts took seven Polaroid colour photos of the ship,
most of which came out satisfactorily. The eighth is less
so. ‘Since it was a very bright sunny day,’ explained
Watts, ‘the man appears to have hair, but it was a
shadow on the back of his head. He was facing toward
the sun which accounts for the shadow. I was about 60
yards from him when this picture was taken. He is rather
broad-shouldered for his height, and their neck is a little
thick compared to ours.’16

My enlargement of this photo, supplied by Rosemary
Watts, shows what can be construed as the head and top
half of the trunk of a being of indeterminate type:
unfortunately, it is out of focus or blurred. ‘We would
certainly have liked to have had a full view of him and
also one that was more clear,’ wrote Mrs Watts to Henry
Johnson, the then husband of Madeleine Rodeffer, ‘but
it was the last of the film in the [pack] and he didn’t have
time to reload the camera to take another one.’17
Nonetheless, the photo is interesting. Another photo,
one of those showing the large cigar-shaped ship, is
excellent (see plates).

The Disturbing Aftermath

Learning of the Air Force-sponsored UFO study at the
University of Colorado, Watts decided to inform the
study team about his experiences, and to show them his
photographs. Reportedly, the two investigators who came
to interview him were the late Robert Loftin, author of a
pro-UFO book,18 and William Courter, a private
detective.19 According to Rosemary Watts, while these
two men were interviewing Watts at his home, on the
morning of 26 February 1968, ‘their motel room in
Wellington was entered and a lot of material pertaining to
this case was stolen.’20
On the night of 26 February, the story of Watts’s
experiences hit the Associated Press (AP) newsrooms.

Watts had decided to make a press statement. The
following morning came the headlines: ‘Farmer Talks
With UFO Occupants’; ‘Farmer Who Rode with
Spacemen Wants Story Tested’; ‘Everyone Loco in Loco?
Citizens Vouch for Man Who Rode in UFO’ - and so on.

The AP story reported that a set of some of Watts’s
Polaroid prints had been given to the astronomer Dr J.
Allen Hynek, at the time an adviser to the Air Force’s
Project Blue Book. Hynek told AP that preliminary
examination showed no signs of fraud. ‘If this is a hoax,
it is a very clever one,’ he said. ‘There’s no question the
story is preposterous,’ he added. ‘The question is, is it
true?’21

In March 1968, Watts’s original Polaroid colour
prints were sent by registered mail to the University of
Colorado. Subsequent attempts to have the photos
returned were unsuccessful. The photos, it seemed, had
been lost. As Tony Kimery elaborated:

The only available prints were a set of black-and-white copies
that were made by Dr Condon [head of the University of
Colorado UFO study] and sent to Mr Loftin. These copies were
in his possession and, presumably, lost during the motel break-
in. Loftin had made copies of three of the photographs, which
he distributed to the news media. These three photos are the
only remaining from the original series of seven [and] are of
poor quality due to the fact that they are second generation
prints.

Soon after the story appeared across the United States,
Watts issued an oral statement to the press to the effect
that the entire story had been an elaborate fabrication.

He gave the reasons to Kimery:

I had full intentions of trying to prove my story to be true
before anything was released, and had been working with the
Associated Press for several days when the UPI heard of the
case and butted in. They released a short rundown of the story
that same night, and as soon as the story hit the wires, I
received my first threat to forget about trying to prove it.

Therefore, I decided to call it a hoax and forget the whole
thing. There were several serious threats made to me and my
family, and I found out that I had stumbled on to something far
more serious than I had expected.

It was Dr Allen Hynek who suggested to Watts that he
undergo a polygraph examination. Watts readily agreed.

The test was administered by L.R. Wynne, owner of the
Amarillo Security Control Company in Amarillo, Texas.

According to several delayed news reports, Watts failed
the test. In spite of the examination results, however,
Watts stated that Wynne believed his story to be true.

After Watts’s ‘confession’, Wynne told reporters that he
considered the Watts story to be a fabrication.

The night before Watts went to Amarillo, an unidentified 
caller advised him not to make the trip. Watts
ignored the advice. The following afternoon, as he was
driving to Amarillo, he noticed a blue-green Plymouth
parked beside the road with the hood up. An attractive
young blonde lady was trying to wave him down.

Assuming she needed assistance with her car, Watts
pulled over. As he stepped from the cab of his pickup, he
was stunned by a blow to the back of his neck. He fell to
the ground, dazed, and rolled over, though he managed
to focus on his aggressors: two men, both about six feet
tall, weighing 190 pounds, and in their early thirties.

Wearing turtleneck sweaters underneath rather
expensive-looking suits, they were very tanned, cleanshaven, 
with a rather ‘Greek’ appearance. Both were
holding exotic-looking rifles of an unknown make. They
spoke with precise voices. The young lady, evidently the
decoy, smiled as the two aggressors threatened Watts: he
was to fail the polygraph examination or face ‘possible
consequences’ on his return home.

That night, a large black car, with no lights, passed
slowly by the Watts residence, drove up the road a short
distance, then returned, opening fire with a shotgun. The
shot did not hit the house. According to a report by
investigator Steve McNallen, based on an interview with
Police Chief Donald Nunnelly, Rosemary Watts called
the police, who arrived on the scene later. Watts had
apparently rushed out of the house and returned the fire
with his M-l carbine. It is not known whether any of the
shots hit the car or its passengers.

Watts and his family were not the only residents of
Loco to be threatened. Investigators learned of other
cases involving UFO witnesses who had been
approached by unidentified authorities and told to keep
quiet about anything they might have seen, ‘for reasons
of national security’.22

Support

In interviews with the Associated Press, Police Chief
Donald Nunnelly and other law enforcement officers in
Collingsworth County described Carroll Wayne Watts
as ‘a stable family man, a church-goer, out of debt, and
with no motive for fabricating his story’. Furthermore,
Nunnelly said he knew of as many as 50 people who had
seen similar strange lights in the area, and four or five
who had glimpsed a cigar-shaped object. ‘This is the sort
of thing they will talk about, but only over coffee with
their very closest friends,’ added Nunnelly. ‘They don’t
want to wind up in an institution. I’ve known of some
law officers who got mixed up in things like this and lost
their jobs and everything.’23

At 04.00 on 11 April 1967, the day Watts was taken
aboard the craft for his ‘physical’, Mickey Kendricks
was awakened by what he thought was a truck driving
into the freight depot behind his home. When he looked
out of the window, however, he saw a cylindrical-shaped
object, estimated to be 20 to 30 feet long, with red and
yellow lights revolving around it.

On 3 November 1967, Hazel McKinney and two
female companions were driving to work at Childress,
Texas, when they noticed a huge bright light in a field
beside the road. Suddenly, the object, now appearing
silver-grey in colour, ‘angled-up’ and disappeared. ‘It
was big enough to drive a car in,’ said Mrs McKinney. ‘It
was shaped like a cigar - one end was round.’
Sometime after Watts’s story hit the headlines,
Childress Police Chief Alvin Maddox had been laughing
about it with two colleagues. Shortly afterwards, driving
ten miles north of Childress and eight miles south of
Loco, Maddox observed a large bright light hovering in
the sky at about 500 to 1,000 feet. ‘I took after it in my
car, driving about 105 miles per hour,’ said Maddox. ‘I
followed it about 14 miles, but it left me.’24
So concerned was Watts about his experiences that he
asked for a Congressional investigation. Nothing came
of it, of course, following his confession.

There are many parallels in Watts’s story, not just
with published cases but also with reports which
remained unpublished until many years later. Watts had
little or no interest in the phenomenon, and by all
accounts had not read any books on the subject prior to
1967. I have not met him, though I did speak on the
telephone to his wife a few years after the incident. I
found her to be sincere, and genuinely concerned about
the whole affair. Surprisingly, both Carroll and
Rosemary Watts temporarily retained a positive attitude
towards what must rank as one of the most bizarre
encounters with extraterrestrials. As the couple
concluded in their report:

What you have just read is a true story, and we have tried in
every way to tell it as near to what happened as possible . . .

We feel like if the public can hear about these things and know
about what to expect, before they come face to face with them
as we did, it will make it easier for them to understand and
accept. We have written this because of the nightmare we lived
when we had our first experiences with these UFOs.

Since we have found out that these people mean no harm, we
are not afraid of them anymore; instead, [we] accept them as
friends unless they prove themselves otherwise. Only time will
tell the outcome of this, but we pray that God will have His
way in seeing that things turn out for the best. . .25

Things did not turn out for the best. Some years after
these events, Watts began to have behavioural problems.

His brother told investigator Don Worley that Carroll
had become ‘influenced’ by a stranger. Paranoia set in,
and Watts began to believe that certain people were out
to ‘get him’. Finally, out of mistaken fear, he pulled his
gun on a law officer, for which he received a prison
sentence. From his cell in Texas State Prison, Watts
wrote to Worley:

‘The incident cost me my wife, my children, $285,000,
my freedom, my health [heart trouble] and nearly my
life. Simply because something happened to me that I
didn’t understand, and that I talked about, and I think
now that I would have been better off myself if I had died
in the incident.’26

Sinister incidents such as these should serve as a
salutary reminder of the dangers that can be involved in
encounters with extraterrestrials - particularly in their
aftermath. But now, by way of contrast, let us turn to
another, quite different kind of contact.

CATMAN AND ROBOT

During the Second World War, Walter Marino Rizzi
served as an aircraft mechanic and as an interpreter for
the Italian and German air forces. Later, he worked as a
sales representative for a car firm in Bolzano, Italy, his
Fig. 20. A drawing by Walter Rizzi of the craft he encountered in the
Dolomite Mountains of Italy in July 1968. {Walter Rizzi)
Fig. 21. ‘Catman’. A drawing by Walter Rizzi of the alien being with
whom he claims to have communicated. At left is the apparatus worn
on its back. (Walter Rizzi)
territory including the Dolomite Mountains in the South
Tyrol. At midnight one Saturday in July 1968, having
spent the evening with a Dutch girlfriend in San
Cassiano, he set off by car via the Gardena and Sella
Passes to Campitello, where his aunt managed the Sport
Hotel. Here he planned to spend the night.

The weather was not very good, and I seldom saw a
star in the sky,’ Rizzi begins in his own report, an English
version of which he gave to Lou Zinsstag in 1980. ‘There
were always dense fog-banks, and more than once I had
to stop because I couldn’t see the road. So I decided to
stop at the first possible place and sleep in the car.’ After
driving through the Grodner Pass, he found a suitable
spot - a sand-dump beside the road - and settled down
in his car for the night.

At around 01.00, he awoke with a start. There was a
strong smell of burning. Thinking that his Fiat 600 was
about to catch fire, owing probably to a short-circuit, he
checked the engine but found everything in order. While
walking around the car, however, he noticed below him
on the opposite side of the road, about 500 metres away,
a powerful light shining through a gap in the fog.
‘It looked like an illuminated hotel terrace,’ Rizzi
continued, ‘but there are no hotels around there -
nothing at all. I knew the place very well and had passed
that way hundreds of times. Then, in a moment of clear
visibility, I saw an enormous object bathed in a strange
white light.

‘A slope went down from the edge of the road, and,
taking the torch, I descended and made my way towards
the plateau where this huge object was. As I approached,
I could see it more and more clearly, the fog becoming
less thick. My heart was thumping painfully. I was not
afraid (I have never been afraid of anything), but terribly
excited.’

The ‘saucer’ was a beautiful silver colour, about 70 to 80
metres in diameter, resting on three legs about two metres from
the ground. The legs were about two metres in diameter at the
base. Everything was bathed in a fleecy white light and there
was an intense smell of burning. As soon as I got within three
metres of the disc I felt suddenly blocked, as if my body
weighed 1,000 kilos; I was unable to move and had great
difficulty in breathing.

The glass dome on top was brightly lit and I saw two ‘beings’
looking down. On the right side of the disc was a [cylindrical]
robot, about 2.5 metres tall, with three ‘legs’ and four ‘arms’,
holding the outside of the disc and turning it round. A circular
‘trap-door’ opened in the underside of the disc, giving out a
violet and orange light, and someone emerged, dressed in a
close-fitting suit and a glass helmet. The figure seemed to be
about five feet four inches tall. ‘He’ approached to within a
little more than a metre from me and raised his right hand.

I cannot describe my feelings when I looked at that creature
with [its] beautiful eyes: it was a strange, gentle sensation; I felt
as free and light as a feather, and was perfectly calm ... As his
head and neck were free beneath the glass helmet, which was a
round globe reaching the shoulders (with two flat tubes leading
upwards from behind), I was able to see him very clearly.

Physiognomy and Origin

His hair was very short and light brown in colour, looking
almost like fur. He had beautiful eyes, wider apart than ours,
slightly oblique, like a cat’s, the whites being light hazel, the
irises a greenish blue, and pupils that contracted continually
(when they dilated they were round, and when they contracted
they were oval, like a cat’s). The nose was very small, also like
a cat’s. His lips were small and very tight, reminding me
somewhat of Greta Garbo, and when he smiled he showed his
teeth, which were very white and regular. His skin was light
olive and as smooth as rubber; when he turned his head (he
could turn it right round), there were no creases on his neck.

He had very wide shoulders and narrow hips. His arms and
legs were the first parts of him to hold my attention because
they were a bit different from ours: from the hip to the knee
they were much longer than below the knee, and the ankle
seemed to me to be articulated like that of a horse. The arms,
too, were very long - the upper part much longer than the
lower - but I was unable to see the hands very well because he
was wearing gloves, although he appeared to have very long
fingers.

I asked him in Italian where he came from, and no sooner
had I framed my question than the answer was already in my
mind, as if I had always known it. The planet he came from
was very far from our galaxy and about 10 times the size of
ours, with two suns, one big, the other small. Their day is
longer than ours and one third less light, while their night is
very short. Their vegetation is quite similar to ours, but they
have enormous trees and very high mountains. They have two
frozen poles as we have, stony deserts, and animals similar to
ours, though with some differences in structure and size.

I thought of asking him how they live and on what, and
immediately I received my answer: he moved his mouth a little,
but I did not hear his voice. The answer appeared in my mind
-1 suppose, by mental telepathy. He told me they do not work;
everything is automatic, they are all equal and everybody has
what he wants. There are creatures like apes, which do menial
jobs such as cultivating fruit and vegetables, harvesting, and so
on . . . He explained that they don’t need their teeth as much
as we do, as they don’t eat meat, adding that, compared with
them, we are like animals. They nourish themselves on fruit,
cereals and seeds, and have, in addition, apparatuses that
generate energy. Disease does not exist.

I ‘asked’ him why he had an olive-green skin, and he told me
that the colour I saw was not the real one, because our system
of magnetic colour receptivity was not like theirs (I did not
understand exactly what he meant). [The colours we see
represent slightly differing frequencies in the electromagnetic
spectrum.]
He told me that their organism is much simpler than ours:
they have only one digestive tract without all the paraphernalia
[entrails] that we have. Their heart and lungs, however, are
well developed because they need a large intake of air to feed
the brain and purify the liquid that runs in their veins, which is
of a different composition from our blood. Moreover, they
have very powerful muscles in order to withstand the strong
atmospheric pressure on their planet. In fact, when he emerged
from the disc and came towards me, he had a leaping or loping
gait, like the astronauts walking on the Moon.

I was continuously struck by the beauty of his eyes and
wanted to ask ‘him’ if ‘he’ was a man or a woman. His eyes
twinkled for a moment and he explained, with a smile, that he
was neither; that their system of propagation was not through
mating, like us.

Since I was examining him closely to see how he was built,
he gave me to understand that his build was in conformity with
the exigencies of life on his planet. The top of his head was
bigger than ours because his brain was double the size of ours.

Simply by means of thought and the emanation of [thought]
waves they could do things that we cannot even imagine . . .

Space Technology

As I was only a metre or so from him, I tried a couple of times
to reach out and touch him, and each time I was impeded.

Meanwhile, on the right of the disc, the robot was working on
the outside of the disc, where there was a kind of ‘rotor’ or
‘ring’ . . . projecting two metres [from the craft].27
‘It looked like a multi-coloured, ring-like rainbow,’
Rizzi told me in 1997.28

Every now and then it tilted down and the centre sharpened to
a point, one half turning in one direction and the other in the
opposite direction. I asked him whether the sharp point was to
destroy meteorites ... He smiled again, and explained that they
do not destroy meteorites; they avoid them ... In any case, the
function of the external ring is merely to enable them to enter
the atmosphere of the planets they are visiting . . .

In space, they travel by the main [carrier] disc, which is
outside any magnetic field, using another source of energy: it
has the same shape, but is very big, with a diameter of, I think,
five kilometres. It is fitted with ledges for smaller discs such as
the one I was privileged to see, or a number of very small discs
without equipment, which are used for exploration purposes,
since they have a system of magnetic propulsion with no speed
limit in any atmosphere, and [which is] immune from
temperature and other conditions. In the main disc, hundreds
of their people can live as on their planet; they have an
inexhaustible supply of energy and everything else that they
need. Furthermore, they travel in ‘neutral channels’ through
space, so that there is no danger of their being attracted by
other planets, and also to avoid [asteroids] and defunct planets.

I asked him what defensive weapons they had, to which he
replied that they could disintegrate anything, even at enormous
distances. He indicated that I should pick up a stone about two
metres away and throw it at the dome of the disc. I picked it up
-	it was [shaped] like a large potato and it weighed about a kilo
-	stepped back a bit to get a better angle, and hurled it. As soon
as the stone approached the disc, a ray of violet light shot out
and the stone exploded with a thud, disintegrating completely.

A Disturbing Message

I asked him why they didn’t give us the benefit of their
technical knowledge and stay with us for a while on our planet,
and how long it would take to acquire their technical
proficiency. He replied that, in the first place, it was impossible
for them to interfere with the evolution of any other planet;
that spending any time in our solar system would age them
prematurely, and finally that we would never reach their
standard of evolution, because the crust of our planet is too
different, and in the near future there would be a shifting of the
poles. This would result in a vast opening in the Earth’s crust,
bringing about the cataclysmic destruction of 80 per cent of the
population, and leaving only a narrow strip of land still
inhabitable for the few survivors.

God and Death

At this point I asked him if he believed in God. He looked a
little abashed at first, then told me that God is everywhere; in
us, plants, stones, grass, and nature - everything that exists.

I asked him how they die and how long they live. They die,
he said, of exhaustion of cosmic energy, and live about a
hundred times as long as we do, according to our concept of
time.

Time to Go

Meanwhile, the robot had finished its job; it became smaller,
the cylinder became narrower, and it moved to the centre of the
disc, whereupon an orange light went on, and it seemed to float
up and board the disc. It was clear that they were leaving.

In the dome, the other individual waved to me from time to
time. I could not see ‘him’ very well, but he was like the one
who was standing in front of me. All the while, the disc had
been bathed in that fleecy white light, which did not cast
shadows or hurt the eyes. I asked if I might have something of
theirs, but he refused, saying it would be harmful to me.

I was so fascinated by that individual that I asked him to
take me with them; that it didn’t matter to me if I never
returned. I was so upset at the thought that I should never see
him again that I started to cry: I even went down on my knees
and begged him to take me. Every time I made to embrace him
I felt ‘blocked’. Then he indicated to me to get up, his eyes
shining in a strange way that made me feel warm all over, and
he communicated to me as follows:
‘You are very courageous, and you have been doubly lucky;
firstly because if you had approached a metre nearer, right
under the disc, you would have disintegrated; because the rotor
was being checked, the magnetic field did not extend beyond
the diameter of the disc; secondly, because you have had the
chance to see us close up, and speak to us. However, neither
you nor anyone else from this planet could ever remain with us
-	much less travel in our space ships.’

He then raised his hand as before. I felt myself pushed away
from the disc by some unknown force, then he arrived beneath
the disc and disappeared into the illuminated circular opening.

In the dome there was still the other one who waved to me with
those long arms. The white light began to dim, as I stopped -
or, rather, I was allowed to stop - about 300 metres from the
disc, the dome gave off a violet light, and also the outside of the
disc became suffused with violet and orange.

At this point, there was a noise like a circular saw, the disc
rose two or three metres, the feet folded in, then the light
changed to light violet, becoming whiter and whiter. For a
moment there was a whistle that I thought would shatter my
eardrums; the disc began rocking, as though bidding me
farewell, rose slowly to about 300 metres, then suddenly shot
away at a terrifying speed.

‘Back to Earth’

I	remained there, shaken, the tears streaming down my face,
feeling totally desolate. I became aware that I was soaking with
sweat, and the air seemed warm. I touched the ground, which
also felt warm. The fog had disappeared, the sky was starry,
and it was pitch-dark. I tried to switch on my torch, but it
didn’t work, so I groped my way back to the car. I tried to pull
myself together after what had occurred. I pricked myself with
a pin to see if I was awake, then relieved myself. Finally, I drove
off towards the Sella Pass to get to my aunt’s in the Fassa
Valley.

The following morning in the hotel, Rizzi began
making notes and sketches. He tried to tell some family
members and friends what had happened to him, but
they ridiculed him.

Three weeks later, Rizzi returned to the site of the
encounter to take photographs of the marks of the three
legs which had sunk into the ground under the weight of
the disc. ‘Much to my surprise,’ he reported, ‘in the area
covered by the light that had been shining from inside
the disc, the grass had grown to three times the height of
the surrounding grass. I took a screwdriver from the car
and dug up one of the longest blades of grass, together
with roots and earth, and put it in a plastic bag to have
it analysed in America.’
Two days later, Rizzi left for California, where his
daughter lived with her American husband, a director of
Pan American World Airways. When he passed through
Customs at San Francisco Airport, an official asked him
if the plant was marijuana. ‘I told him it was a
chrysanthemum shoot I intended to plant on my father-
in-law’s grave. He said okay, and let me go without
analysing the plant.’
Rizzi and his daughter sent out a pile of letters
describing his experience to all the addresses they had
found in UFO magazines. ‘Nobody answered, however,
so I decided to keep my adventure to myself. I took a
deeper interest in UFOs and from time to time read
articles on the subject, often laughing at the rubbish
people wrote.’29
‘I should mention that my watch was losing as much
as two hours a day,’ added Rizzi. ‘I took it to the watchmaker 
to put right, but it was no use, so I had to buy a
new one. For about a month, I felt very tired the whole
time, and I lost a lot of my hair, [but] before two months
were up I was in good shape again and my hair had
begun to grow back.’30 Interviewed in 1997 at his flat in
Bolzano, looking out on the spectacular Dolomites,
Rizzi - a youthful-looking 77 years old - told me that it
was as if his whole body had developed an allergy.

Moreover, he became impotent for five months.31

Discussion

Here we have another incredible yet intriguing and
important encounter, one that begs all sorts of questions,
of which the first must be: How truthful is the witness?

To begin with, owing to the ridicule incurred by Rizzi
when discussing his experience with friends and
relatives, he did not make his story public until 1979, in
an interview for Radio Nord Bolzano. The story was
first published in 1980 in Flying Saucer Review, based
on a report written in less than accurate German by Rizzi
(who is of Austrian-Italian parentage, Italian being his
mother-tongue) and given to the investigators Hans and
Daphne Markert, who subsequently passed it to Gordon
Creighton. (With a few exceptions, the report I have
used is the English version which Rizzi gave to Lou
Zinsstag.) At their first meeting with Rizzi, in Germany,
the Markerts were left with a very strong impression that
he was telling the truth.32 Lou Zinsstag was equally
impressed, she told me.

Responding to the article in Flying Saucer Review, an
incredulous Willy Smith, of the Center for UFO Studies,
objected:

We [are told] that the [being’s] planet is ‘ten times the size of our
Earth’, although no indication is given whether this ten-fold
increase refers to mass, volume or diameter. At any rate, it
would certainly imply a much stronger gravitational pull,
requiring a corresponding increase in cross section of the bone
structure in order to cope with the additional weight. Yet, the
creature is described as ‘just like us’, with a height of 1.60
metres, and not particularly sturdy. The same reasoning applies
to the ‘immensely tall trees’, which in such a heavy gravitational
field would tend to have a wide base and limited height.33

Rizzi told me that the home planet was larger in terms
of volume, and that the aliens inhabited only the central,
equatorial region.34 In terms of Smith’s objection, it is
not necessarily axiomatic that a larger volume requires a
greater mass, thus a greater gravity.

Among other objections, Smith notes that the landing
site is described as completely uninhabited, whereas a
photograph of Rizzi and others taken there shows a
house in the upper left corner. I asked Rizzi about this.
‘That’s not a house,’ he replied, laughing. ‘It may look
like a house, but in fact it’s one of several huts used to
store hay. Nobody lives there!’35
Some of what Rizzi claims to have been telepathically
informed by the androgynous alien is inconsistent with
the same kind of information in several other contactee
accounts. I find it impossible to accept, for example, that
the aliens’ life-span is 100 times that of ours and that
their galaxy is ‘millions of light years away’, as Rizzi told
me. And although an estimated half of the stars in our
galaxy are binary (where two suns move in an elliptical
orbit around a common centre of mass), we have no
proof so far for the existence of component planets in
such systems. Interestingly, however, in 1998 NASA
announced that the Hubble Space Telescope had
captured an image of what may well be a very large
planet (named TMR-1C) of a binary star system in the
constellation of Taurus, some 450 light years from
Earth.

These stumbling blocks do not devalue Rizzi’s story for
me. In the face of ridicule, he insists that this was the
information conveyed to him. His story contains much
that is new - and it has not changed over the years. In
company with many other contactees, though, the
encounter changed him. ‘The experience changed my
character greatly and had a profound effect on my
attitude to all questions of religion or politics,’ he
declared.36 ‘It was the greatest experience of my life .. .’37


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Typewritten draft by Carroll and Rosemary Watts
(undated).
2.	Kimery, Tony L., ‘Carroll Wayne Watts - Contactee,
Hoaxer or Innocent Bystander?’, Official UFO, vol. 1, no.
11., October 1976, Countrywide Publications, New York,
p. 36.
3.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
4.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 36.
5.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
6.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 36.
7.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
8.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 36.
9.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
10.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 36.
11.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
12.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 36.
13.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
14.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 37.
15.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
16.	Ibid.
17.	Letter to Henry Johnson from Rosemary Watts (undated -
early 1970s).
18.	Loftin, Robert, Identified Flying Saucers, David McKay
Company, New York, 1968.
19.	Kimery, op. cit., p. 37.
20.	Letter to Henry Johnson from Rosemary Watts (undated).
21.	Associated Press, Loco, Texas, 26 February 1968.
22.	Kimery, op. cit., pp. 37, 64.
23.	Associated Press, 26 February 1968.
24.	Kimery, op. cit., pp. 33, 36.
25.	Watts and Watts, op. cit.
26.	Worley, Don, ‘Some Denizens of the “Black Nether-
World” and their Abductee Victims’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 42, no. 2, summer 1997, p. 10.
27.	Rizzi, Walter Marino, ‘Flying Saucer Seen in the
Dolomites’, July 1968 (manuscript).
28.	Interview with the author, Bolzano, 3 May 1997.
29.	Rizzi, op. cit.
30.	Rizzi, Walter, ‘Close Encounter in the Dolomites’,
translated from the German by Gordon Creighton, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 26, no. 3, May-June 1980, p. 27.
31.	Interview with the author, 3 May 1997.
32.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘Introductory Comments on the Rizzi
Case’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 26, no. 3, 1980, pp.
21.-2.
33.	Letter to the editor (Charles Bowen) from Willy Smith,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 26, no. 6, November-December
1980., p. 31.
34.	Interview with the author, 3 May 1997.
35.	Ibid.
36.	Rizzi, ‘Flying Saucer Seen in the Dolomites’, July 1968.
37.	Interview with the author, 3 May 1997.


=========================================================
Chapter 15. THE PLANTATION

The two passengers settled themselves down in their
compartment for the train journey from Bombay to
Madras on the night express. It was October 1964.

Ludwig F. Pallmann, a German businessman dealing
with the sale and installation of heavy machinery used in
the large-scale production of food, eyed his travelling
companion. The man was obviously a sahib left over
from the British occupation, thought Pallmann. ‘He was
very well dressed, and had the unmistakable stamp of
authority in his bearing.’ About five feet ten inches or so
in height, the stranger had a slim build and extremely
long legs.

Pallmann struck up a conversation in English with the
stranger and offered him a glass of whisky. ‘My
companion and I were the only two travelling in this
compartment,’ explained Pallmann, ‘and after the
introductory drinks we settled ourselves down in
opposite corners and watched the landscape go by.’
It was not long before Pallmann noticed some unusual
features about his companion, not least, the eyes, which
were exceptionally expressive. In addition, the man had
unusually long, slender fingers, the fingertips covered by
some kind of protection, the like of which Pallmann had
never seen before. ‘For the rest, he was off-white in
colour ... a very light brown indeed; even his hair was
light brown. I doubt if he weighed 100 pounds fully
dressed, but for all his slim build he did not give the
appearance of being physically weak. Indeed, on the
contrary.’ Something else attracted Pallmann’s attention.

I could not help observing that every time he inhaled, so he
contracted his hands. Indeed, it seemed that he had to have
recourse to deep inhalation with every breath, rather as though
he suffered from respiratory trouble. Not that there was any
external evidence of this, for, as I have said, he looked a very
healthy specimen indeed.

When the stranger spoke, Pallmann was astonished to
note that his voice did not appear to come from his
mouth, but rather from a small ‘speaking device’ clipped
to his chest. His speech, too, was peculiar. Although his
English was impeccable, there was always a slight
hesitation before he spoke. ‘It was as if he was making
the mental effort to say the first word, after which all
the others would come spontaneously,’ Pallmann
elaborated. ‘But that first word was laboured. It was a
trick of speech that was not at all unpleasant. . .’
The stranger introduced himself as ‘Satu Ra’.

At nightfall, the train pulled into a large station. On
the platform were throngs of hungry-looking and
miserable people, including an emaciated, ragged
woman and her fretful baby, who seemed to be suffering
from chronic malnutrition. Without a word, Satu left the
compartment, made towards the pair, and pressed a coin
into the woman’s hand and a tablet into the baby’s
mouth. He then returned to the compartment. ‘Please
come with me,’ he said quietly to Pallmann. ‘There is
much to be done.’
Satu led the way to the last (third-class) compartment
in the train, which was swarming with passengers.

Arriving at a group of young children, Satu began
dispensing his tablets, at the same time speaking to them
in faultless dialect. Then, seeing an old man squatting on
the floor, Satu spoke gently to him and also handed him
one of his tablets. And so it went on. Whatever the
ingredients in the tablets, they seemed to have a
miraculously beneficial effect on the recipients.1

On arrival in Madras, Pallmann asked Satu where he
came from, having been unable to place his origin.
‘There’s no real mystery about me, my friend,’ came the
response. ‘I come from Cotosoti.’
‘I’ve never heard of that,’ said Pallmann. ‘Where is it?

In Central America?’
‘No, no, my friend. It is on Itibi Ra II.’
‘Now I know you’re joking.’
‘I assure you I’m not.’
‘I’ve travelled the world extensively,’ said Pallmann,
‘and I’ve never heard of such a place. Whereabouts is it?’
Satu Ra merely pointed towards the eastern sky.2

‘A SERVANT OF GOD’

‘What he inferred,’ continued Pallmann, ‘was that he
came from another world, from another planet away out
there in distant space. All my life I had dealt with
concrete things, concrete facts ... Anything beyond that,
and I would be the first to admit that I was getting out of
my depth. Yet undoubtedly I had spent the last twenty-
four hours in the company of a flesh and blood person,
albeit one with many remarkable attributes.’
Later, at his hotel, Pallmann received an invitation
from a distinguished-looking Indian to visit a certain
address in Madras, adding the name of ‘Mr Satu Ra’. So,
the following morning, Pallman took a taxi and found
himself deposited at a palatial mansion, which turned
out to be a museum-cum-art gallery, where Satu was
staying.

After greeting Pallmann, Satu pointed to an image of
Lord Vishnu, one of the principal Hindu deities, with
images of strange aerial craft painted on to the sacred
cloth.3 ‘This is proof that earlier generations have
observed the effigy of our out-of-space crafts having
made an earlier landing,’ he said to the bemused
Pallmann, who was yet to be convinced of Satu’s alleged
origin. Perhaps ‘Itibi Ra’ might be an equivalent of the
mythical Shangri-La, he wondered. Was Satu deluded?

Or, more likely, was he trying to sell something? .
‘At the back of my mind was the thought that there
must be a commercial reason for this invitation, and I
expected some sales-talk from my host,’ Pallmann
continued. ‘However, nothing of the sort happened.’
The two spent a pleasant afternoon together, during
which Pallmann was able to observe his host in a better
light than hitherto.

He had the light brown skin of a Eurasian, huge dark eyes, a
rather small mouth and an unusual chin line. The lower part of
the jaw looked slightly deformed. Then, there were those
finger-tip gloves which he seemed to wear at all times, even
though the weather was extremely hot. Above all, there was
this peculiarity of speech, this complete reliance upon an
electronic gadget to reproduce his voice.

Before the meeting concluded, Pallmann informed
Satu of his travel plans, which included Kashmir,
Calcutta and Benares. Benares, said Satu, would be the
place where the two would meet again. But how? Satu
handed Pallmann a curious ring, apparently made of
solid gold, in the middle of which was what appeared to
be a small piece of metal, sparkling like a diamond (see
plates). ‘Maybe this will indicate our presence in
Benares,’ said Satu cryptically, adding that the ages-old
ring was ‘the symbol of a human religion very close to
ours’.

After thanking Satu profusely for the unexpected gift,
Pallmann ventured to ask what profession his host was
occupied in; a question that had been on his mind since
the first meeting.
‘I am a servant,’ replied Satu, smiling. ‘A servant of
God, as are all my people . . .’4

XITI

On the evening of his second day in Benares, Pallmann
was enjoying the night air in the garden of his hotel
when the metal piece in the middle of the ring began to
glow. Convinced it was a trick of the light, he tried
moving it this way and that, but to no avail. If anything,
the glow intensified. Suddenly, a mental image of Satu
Ra came into his mind. ‘The whole thing was
ridiculous,’ said Pallmann. ‘It just could not happen.
But there it was . . .’

Shortly after 21.30, the unmistakable figure of Satu
approached Pallmann and greeted him warmly. The two
engaged in a lengthy conversation covering a wide range
of topics. Satu had a keen sense of humour, and evinced
a perfect understanding of Spanish when Pallmann
lapsed into that language from time to time. Although
Satu’s voice itself was not peculiar, Pallmann noted,
there was a quality about it ‘that made the hearer feel the
inner meaning of words’.

If he spoke of pain, then you almost winced at the word. If he
spoke of love, then you were blanketed in the sensation of love.

It is a difficult thing to explain. The gadget gave the voice a new
dimension, a subtlety such as I had not heard in any other
human voice. Again, this set me pondering . . .

Pallmann showed Satu some photographs of various
temples he had visited in Kashmir; different effigies to
the numerous gods, pictures of priests and worshippers,
and so on. ‘You have been there?’ Pallmann enquired.
‘Yes,’ replied Satu. ‘But you know, my friend,’ he
added sadly, ‘religion is blind, just like love.’
The two men sat down on a bench near the main
entrance to the hotel which afforded them a clear view
of the bystanders. A group of uniformed hotel staff was
loitering around the entrance, watching the girls go by.

When a particularly attractive girl, an airline hostess,
walked down the stairs, the reaction of the girl-watchers
drew a smile from Satu. ‘What men won’t do for the
sight of a pretty face and figure,’ he remarked. ‘It is the
same in all the Universe . . .’
Asked by Satu if he could invite his sister, Xiti, along
for the evening, Pallmann readily agreed to the idea.

Then I will summon her,’ said Satu. Naturally assuming
that Satu would go to the reception area to telephone
Xiti, Pallmann was shocked to see him go into what
looked like a trance. The expression on his face
changed. It seemed as if that different chin was suddenly
possessed by lock-jaw . . . The eyes, too, were widely
dilated. Curiously, the light seemed to leave his eyes, as
though someone had turned off a switch at the back of
the retina.’ Just as suddenly, Satu came back to normal,
as if nothing unusual had happened.
‘I for my part felt in need of a drink,’ commented
Pallmann, ‘so I called a servant across and ordered
Scotch and soda for both of us.’ As the servant departed,
an attractive lady advanced upon the two men, whom
Pallmann assumed to be Xiti. As she approached, he
thought it peculiar that he had not noticed her before. It
was almost as if she had ‘materialized’ in front of the
men. ‘My subconscious choice of mental words
staggered me,’ he continued. ‘I had thought in terms of
materialization. She had come from a well-lit area. I
could see everything and everybody in the vicinity of the
hotel entrance. Yet I had not seen her until she neared
the bench on which Satu Ra and I were sitting.’
Xiti, however, proved to be very much a material girl,
and from the start, Pallmann found himself irresistibly
attracted to her. She walked with a ‘gliding, undulating
movement, a movement in which body and arms moved
rhythmically in a way that I had only noticed before with
her brother’.

There could be little doubt that this was Satu Ra’s sister. There
was that same different chin formation, those same compelling
eyes, that same air of charm and of authority. And when we
were introduced, she looked me straight in the eyes in a way
that few women do. But there was no pert boldness in that
look, merely fearlessness and utter frankness.

Her every movement was a study in gracefulness. She was
dressed in a glittering evening gown, as though she had just left
a very formal reception. But although the ensemble was exotic
in the extreme, there was no hint of the oriental about it, except
that her tiny feet were enhanced by golden sandals. An orange
half-veil accentuated rather than hid her matchless beauty.

Although Xiti spoke normally, it was evident that she
employed the same technique for communicating as did
her brother. On a small bejewelled brooch around her
neck was presumably an electronic gadget of some type.
‘Her voice came from the heart of this fine, small
brooch,’ Pallmann elaborated, ‘yet the sound synchronized 
with her lip movements. This was one of the
refinements of the gadget. Never were lip movements out
of phase with the sound.’
During the subsequent conversation, mostly in
English, Pallmann decided to try an experiment. While
Satu’s and Xiti’s understanding and use of Spanish were
excellent, was it possible that a colloquial accent might
confuse them? ‘I persisted with my experiment, continuing 
to speak in Spanish, but ringing the changes, so
that at one time I spoke as though I were a native of
Spain, the next of Peru.’
Their facial expressions changed as I altered my intonation. I
could see their puzzlement reflected in their eyes. They looked
at each other intently, as though they were listening to strange,
unknown sounds ... They seemed to be caught in some mental
activity induced by imagined sensory impressions that were
causing them some tension and ill-feeling. Immediately, they
switched back into English. Thus I knew that they were not
truly polyglot but were relying on some mechanical device . . .
the gadget worn by Satu Ra and the brooch by Xiti.5

THE UNTOUCHABLES

The following morning, Pallmann was wandering along
the banks of the sacred Ganges River in Benares when he
was suddenly joined by Satu Ra. How he had known
precisely where to find Pallmann, among the throngs of
people, was a mystery. Satu led the way in the direction
of the Ramakrishna Monastery. ‘Because of certain
primitive elements and castes which cling to Indian
society,’ said Pallmann, ‘I was surprised to find my friend
amongst these, the poorest and most miserable creatures:
the untouchables.’ Soon, they were mixing with other
castes in the middle of the mahabhinishkamana (‘the way
to ultimate resignation’), ‘the vast dumping ground
where people, young and old, men and women, who are
at death’s door, are brought to await the end’. Satu began
to go about his ministrations.
‘I have never seen anybody, man or woman, professional 
or amateur welfare worker, act with such
compassion and gentleness as I saw Satu Ra carry out his
works of mercy,’ continued Pallmann. Satu headed
directly to a dirty, crying child, huddled over the body of
her mother who had just died. With the utmost care,
Satu washed the child as best he could and spoke
comfortingly to her.

Shortly afterwards, Xiti, dressed in a green sari,
appeared on the scene. She, too, was ministering to those
children in need. Seeing one little girl covered with open
sores, Xiti took out a yellow paste of some sort and
covered the sores. ‘The effect was little short of
miraculous,’ said Pallmann. The girl stopped crying and
even managed a faint smile. ‘The ointment seemed to be
as much a panacea as the tablets that Satu Ra had
dispensed on the train.’6

THE MOMENT OF TRUTH

That evening, Xiti having left the scene, Satu Ra hailed a
rickshaw and informed Pallmann that they were going to
visit the ‘Children of God’, the name given to a pitiful,
primitive crematorium on the banks of the Ganges. ‘I
counted almost forty funeral fires, some so close that
they were almost contiguous,’ remarked Pallmann. ‘We
could see small, tormented limbs dangling outside the
immediate orbit of flames until the consuming fire broke
them off. The attendants snatched up the freed arms and
legs and threw them back into the flames as if they were
feeding a garden fire more twigs. It was a sickening
experience . . .
‘Life to these children had meant nothing but suffering
and despair. What else could be expected in a country
afflicted by poverty and starvation, set in a world riddled
by fear, hate and war? These are reasons why nameless
children are burnt at night beside a majestic Indian river.’
In a sad and reflective mood, the two returned to the
hotel. It was there that Pallmann came to accept Satu for
what he claimed to be.

Until that moment of truth, there were certain things that he
had said that I had taken with the proverbial grain of salt. After
the moment of truth, I was prepared to accept everything he
said as gospel. Henceforth, as far as I was concerned, he, and
Xiti for that matter, was always a witness of the truth. I don’t
know what alchemy it was that brought us to the moment of
truth . . . Whatever the cause, on that memorable night I
accepted that Satu Ra had come from another planet named
Itibi Ra II, and that his people had discovered Earth in much
the same way that Columbus had discovered the New World:
by a deliberate voyage of exploration.7

FURTHER DIFFERENCES

There was something about Satu Ra’s smile which
bothered Pallmann: his teeth never showed. Perhaps this
had something to do with the rather different jaw
formation and the fact that his long, thin and sensitive
lips always seemed to cover the teeth completely.

Pallmann’s curiosity had not gone unnoticed. Satu
explained that, for many thousands of years, men and
women on his planet had lived without teeth, gradually
finding them unnecessary. However, on Earth, they did
use a type of artificial support that kept the shape of their
mouths similar to those of humans. On closer
inspection, Pallmann noticed that Satu and Xiti had
rather small tongues.

Pallmann’s wish to inspect his friends’ fingers was also
granted graciously. When the protective covers were
removed, the differences were immediately apparent.

In contrast to the feminine hand, the male finger-tips are flat
and round, like little discs. Extremely sensitive they must be as
there are no nails whatever, with the very rosy, fine and soft
flesh extending to the very end of each finger. Xiti’s hands were
a true masterwork of nature: pointed and extremely thin, very
long, entirely different from her brother’s.

Both Satu and Xiti appeared to be very amused at
Pallmann’s mystification. ‘But because of their kindness
and frankness they came so much closer to my heart,’ he
added. ‘They spoke to me like real friends, telling me
also the reason for these differences.’
‘It seems that they are able to analyse sound, and
perhaps are even able to “hear” through the sensitive
nerves of their finger-tips. Also, at later times, I became
sure of the fact that they were using their fingers as we
would use our tongues for tasting and exploring,
specially when doing biological research work . . .’8

THE YAVARI RIVER STORY

Ludwig Pallmann did not see Satu or Xiti in India again.

In Zurich, he took the peculiar ring to a jeweller, who
commented that the pre-Columbian design and gold-
work of the ‘God’ on its surface were unlike anything he
had ever seen, and recommended that the ring should be
shown to a specialist. ‘The diagnosis of this expert was
that he believed this to be a masterwork of great value,
belonging to one of the earliest pre-Columbian
dynasties,’ claimed Pallmann. ‘What intrigued them to
the point of utmost curiosity was the metal insert, which
I believe to be of extra-terrestrial origin.’9
A few years went by. Pallmann was busy installing
milling and pulverizing plants in Argentina, Mexico,
Colombia and Peru. While in Iquitos, Peru, he heard an
interesting story from an Austrian tour guide, a rugged
individual who had spent much time in remote jungle
areas in that part of the country. ‘On the other side of the
Yavari River, I saw several white explorers turned
native,’ related the guide, describing an incident that had
occurred while he was suffering from a fever. ‘The
funniest people I ever met; with hands so strange, that I
thought them to be from a different world.’ Pallmann
pricked up his ears.
‘They might have talked a lot of nonsense,’ the guide
continued, ‘but they were such fine engineers. They even
fixed a broken out-board propeller blade for me so that
I could get back to the Yavari. For all their craziness,
they were good at doctoring as well.’ Pallmann bought
the guide a drink and pumped him for more information.

The Austrian opened up somewhat.

‘This fellow with the funny mouth, a legacy of some
fever, I suppose, gave me a tablet to swallow. I felt better
almost immediately. Then he gave me some fruit juice.

That was the best fruit juice I’ve ever tasted. Yes, they
were white folk turned native all right. I told them to
give it up, and come back to civilization, but they refused
... I told the missionaries on the Brazil side of the border
what I’d seen out there on the Yavari River. They
wouldn’t believe a word I said. Made out it was the
fever. Said no white man would dare to go into cannibal
country . . ,’10

THE HOSPITAL VISIT

In early 1967, Pallmann was sent to the Maison Frangais
Hospital in Lima for an operation on his right kidney.

Fortunately, he was allocated a pleasant room with a
private bath on the ground floor of the hospital, with an
inner door that led to an antechamber and thence out to
a patio-garden. He resigned himself to a three-day wait
in what was then a heat-wave.

On the second night, racked with pain, Pallmann
reached for the bell-push. It was almost three in the
morning. ‘My groping fingers failed to find the bell-push
that would summon help and relief. But I did find
something else: a hand that came from the pain-racked
night and clasped my own. Tormented by pain as I was,
I still felt a shock when I found my hand grasped by
another slim, warm one.’ It was Xiti.

Without a word, Xiti smiled, took the ring off
Pallmann’s finger, and gave him one of her healing
tablets. Because of his pain, he had failed to notice that
the metal inset was glowing. A faint light reflected from
Xiti’s talking device. Still without speaking, she ran her
fingers over his fevered brow. The pain and fever
immediately subsided, and he embraced her in gratitude.

She stayed for the remainder of the night.

As they talked, Xiti told him about a nurse at the
hospital, Maria Navidad, whom she had wanted to see,
but had hesitated to do so for several reasons. It so
happened that this young lady had been rescued as a
baby by the mestizos (racially mixed people) and the
Austrian tour guide, near the town of Pucallpa on the
Ucayali River, and raised by the Catholic sisters who ran
the hospital. Satu and Xiti knew Maria’s mother, whom
they had rescued after she had been terribly beaten in an
area near their first landing site. Having been healed by
her rescuers, Xiti explained, she had been taken to their
home planet. Perhaps because she had been unable to
adjust to the different planet, she had died soon
afterwards.

Xiti predicted that Pallmann would be free of pain for
six months. And so he was. ‘I became the miracle patient
of the famous Maison Francais Hospital,’ Pallmann
declared. ‘When the doctors came around to put me on
the operating table, I had already eaten a very heavy
breakfast, a thing I had not done for almost three weeks.

I had gotten out of bed, a new man in need of a hot and
cold bath. Feeling perfectly well, I had ventured outside
and eaten in one of the little Chinese coffee-shops, the
chifas, as they are called . . .’

You should have seen the raised eyebrows, the looks of
disbelief among the medical people when, instead of being
wheeled into the operating theatre, I told them I was going to
discharge myself as cured. They could tell by just looking at me
that I was infinitely better, and although they agreed to
postpone the operation, they insisted that I should remain in
the hospital at least until the next day in order to make another
series of exhaustive tests, and also to ensure themselves that I
did not have a relapse.

Pallmann readily consented to the proposal. For the
rest of the day he was submitted to a battery of tests. All
proved negative.

Later that day, Pallmann asked Sister Marta at the
hospital if he could meet Maria Navidad. The meeting
was brief, and rather poignant. When Pallmann
mentioned that he had heard about her rescue as a baby,
and her mother, the nurse looked stunned, then tears ran
down her cheeks. She spoke not a word, and Pallmann
felt ashamed for having asked her for more
information.11

AN ALIEN LIAISON?

The following morning, Pallmann left the hospital and
checked in at the Savoy Hotel in Lima, having been
unable to find accommodation at the Hotel Crillon,
where he had a pre-arranged meeting with Xiti at the Sky
Room that evening. Her entrance created quite a stir.
‘Immediately, and because of the minute blue veil she
wore,’ said Pallmann, ‘people noticed the subtle
difference between her and “ourselves” - our people,
from our planet. By this, I mean not just cultured
Peruvians, or the many Europeans and North Americans
staying at this famous first-class hotel, but even the less
instructed bell-boys and lift operators, stared at Xiti. But
instead of finding her embarrassed or shy, she looked at
me and everybody else with the greatest of ease.’
Pallmann ordered drinks and the couple spent the rest of
the night together.

During the next few days, Pallmann began to learn
more about his friends from ‘Itibi Ra II. Xiti’s feeling of
security, for example, was apparently related to the
advanced spiritual and mental perceptions practised by
these people - what Xiti supposedly referred to in their
language as ‘amat mayna’, or ‘science of soul’. ‘They are
able to read our very thoughts,’ Pallmann averred, ‘and
may be able to influence our thoughts should this be
necessary because of security reasons.’
Xiti’s interest in and enjoyment of music were
immense. When passing a record store in Lima, for
instance, she showed delight in the rhythm of the
Colombian cumbia. ‘Seldom have I seen a happier look
on someone’s face as this strange woman passed the
record store,’ remarked Pallmann.

To obtain the local currency, Xiti gave Pallmann
several gold ingots, which he exchanged at a commercial
house in Union Street. Even though quite a few
‘adventurers’ and certain Indian natives in Bolivia,
Ecuador and Peru still traded in gold at that time,
Pallmann claimed that ‘the beautifully melted and
carved ingots surprised the specialists’.12

INSIDE THE FLYING SAUCER

Pallmann gladly accepted an invitation from Xiti to meet
her brother in Huancayo, a town high in the Andes
about 130 miles east of Lima. On arriving at the station,
on 17 February 1967, Pallmann did not at first recognize
Satu Ra. ‘He was dressed very much like the natives,
with heavy woollen gear. There wasn’t much difference
to be noticed between his looks and the taxi driver
whom he had charged with helping to unload all our
baggage.’ (Xiti, Pallmann remarked, had brought with
her ‘suitcases full of books, records, seeds, and God
knows what else’.)
Some distance outside Huancayo, the taxi driver was
paid and the three were left by themselves. It was while
they were watching the sun go down from a peaceful
lakeside that Pallmann claims he saw his first ‘flying
saucer’. It was an awe-inspiring experience.
‘So much has been written and talked about on the
subject of unidentified flying objects and a great deal of
money has been spent by various military and private
research investigators,’ Pallmann explained, ‘but despite
all this, when you actually see a flying saucer for the first
time, I believe that not one in a million scientific
investigators would be able to explain the fantastic
feeling that I experienced.’
Pallmann’s subsequent description of the craft reads
as if it were science fiction. In many ways more fantastic
than descriptions given by other contactees, it is,
nonetheless, fascinating, and should come as a challenge
to critics who often find such descriptions suspicious.

There was a soft but painful noise, or rather reverberation, as
the saucer glided towards the edge of the lake, right to the spot
where we were waiting... As the noise [reduced] a few decibels
from painful to ‘bearable’, the saucer hovered, and opened up
underneath its circular surface. Like a giant crooking his little
finger, an embarkation device, soft and gripping at the same
time, scooped us up and deposited us in some kind of ‘antiseptic
reception quarter’.

Immediately, I became aware of the biological, vegetational,
cellular structure - similar to soft polyethylene - embellished
with exquisite designs and symbols. Only the flooring was a
little harder, and I suppose the reason for this must be its
mirror-like quality. Through this floor [one could see what
looked like] a billion nerves and bloodvessels . . .13

Inside the craft there was a discreet hum; the rhythm like the
sound associated with low-voltage waves, or with turbines, as
I thought then. Evidently, the reverberations I had heard and
felt when first observing the flying saucer settle were either
linked with particular manoeuvres, or were merely externalized 
noise.

Pallmann says he was ‘stripped to the buff’ to take a
bath. During the bath, he fell asleep, then woke to find
himself in a very comfortable, soft sleeping device,
suspended like a hammock, but ‘attached to many
hundreds of fine and multi-coloured “veins” and
“vessels”. This, I later was told, is part of a “medical
computer system” (health analysis during sleep forming
only a small part of life-preserving treatments).’
Xiti, who had either risen earlier or not slept at all,
brought Pallmann a kimono-like garment to wear.
‘Breakfast’ was not to his taste.

I found the gelatinous-looking plants from their planet
impossible to eat, and I tried the complicated arrangement of
small containers from which I was supposed to sip. I was
curious about the contents of these gadgets, so I started to sip
at random. They all had a wonderful time just laughing like
children about my lousy behaviour. The wife of one of the
astronauts showed me how to do it. Nevertheless, I left
practically with an empty stomach.

The Eye

One of the most remarkable discoveries for Pallmann was
the absence of doors, locks, keys or rooms, such as we
know them (though private quarters are alluded to later).

No mention is made of toilet arrangements. Everything,
even the ‘commanding cell’, called ‘yano’ or ‘the eye’,
formed part of the biological structure of the craft.

There was not one straight line, so to speak, in the whole
space-craft, nor were the circular forms ‘exactly’ circular. At all
times, the ‘eye’ of the craft is part of this body. This centre unit
of the craft was so geared with other instruments that its power
of involvement was complete. In other words, the ‘eye centre
unit’ is some kind of an activated memory, a transmitting and
receiving centre, similar to our brains ... I was able to
experience later how this individual brain of the ‘saucer’
became part of the giant system of cosmic generator-brains
and, in particular, how this great individual unit had to be
considered a minute part of the great memory computer on the
home planet itself.

The Home Planet

At all times, Pallmann was encouraged by his hosts to
ask questions and to give them his impressions. From an
‘observation post’, he was shown images of the home
planet (in a solar system located towards the centre of
our galaxy, he learnt later), such as methods of transportation, 
food-processing installations, ‘biological
machinery’ and various instruments. ‘I even listened to a
concert, and invaded some of their homes,’ he claimed.
‘I use the word “invaded” deliberately, because the
involvement brought about by the “eye” makes one feel
as if one is actually going to these places; going to the
concert, for example, or visiting friends in their own
home.’
Everybody looked happy in this Utopian society.
‘Everybody seemed to be smiling, young and old. There
didn’t appear to be many unhealthy people about, but
the “generator” was trained on to what they call “health
centres”, and I saw that even patients there were smiling.
‘Linked with the all-pervading air of happiness on Itibi
Ra II was an atmosphere of calmness and serenity. No
one seemed out of patience. Nobody appeared to be in a
hurry . . .’
Pallmann liked what he saw of the aliens’ architecture.
‘Most of their homes were built along river banks and
the sides of lakes and other waterways. Their
architecture was unlike any I had seen on Earth, except
in futuristic exhibitions. They delighted in dominant
colours . . .’

The Factory Planet

What intrigued Pallmann most about Itibi Ra II was that
it was fused with two very small satellite planets. One of
these smaller planets functioned as a giant biological
artificial ‘heart’, pumping ‘power’ into the fused planet,
while the other acted as a ‘factory’. The Itibi Rayans, we
are told, separate all artificial and mechanical working
machinery from their normal, domestic surroundings.

Through the eye-generator I was able to peer right into the
bowels of this factory-planet. To me, it looked for all the world
like an opened-up octopus. The vast number of tentacles were,
I suppose, the channels and cables tapping the power sources
... It was from The Factory that my friends had boundless
energy for any purpose they desired: for cosmic transportation,
production, research, and climatic conditioning. Because of
these vast and endless supplies of energy taken from Nature
itself, they were no longer bothered by earthquakes, floods,
hurricanes . . . and other similar disasters.14

THE AMAZON PLANTATION

According to Satu, extraterrestrial visitors discovered
Earth many thousands of years ago. The ‘Itibi Rayans’
themselves, however, did not come here until 1946,
when supposedly they established several plantations in
South America for hybridization and research purposes.

The plantation to which Pallmann claims to have been
taken lay southwest of Iquitos, close to the Peruvian
border with Brazil, between the Mirim River and the
larger Yavari River into which the Mirim flows.
‘The day after my arrival,’ he wrote, ‘I first became
able to observe the surrounding area from my position
near the giant “eye-generator”. Because of certain
quarantine restrictions, I was not allowed, during the
morning, to step outside the craft and meet other
members of the crew.
‘I was wondering why the Itibi Rayans, of all the
lovely places on Earth, had found this God-forsaken
Green Hell, perhaps the worst spot in the entire world,
to do research. “Surely,” I said to Satu Ra, “you are not
so afraid of the human race that you choose the worst
possible spot on our planet?” ’
‘The climate here is perfect,’ replied Satu, laughing.

Part of the research programme carried out by the Itibi
Rayans involved the collection, study and hybridization
of various plants and fruits required for their diet. ‘Itibi
Rayans, I soon found out, do suffer physically if they do
not get enough new flavours,’ Pallmann explained.

Of course, there are other reasons why these people from a
different world go on these tremendous voyages of
exploration. They are motivated to do so to keep fit, to keep on
the move, to be superior ... What has motivated Earth men to
land on the Moon, and what shall motivate Earth men to step
on to Mars and even Venus?

In order to grow new fruits and exciting new plant flavours,
our friends have brought with them the most interesting
specimens of vegetation, and they are real biological wonders.

Some of these are cross-fertilized and transplanted with plants
entirely different to theirs. Plants from our planet, and others,
are used to produce new taste sensations . . .

During many hundreds of thousands of years, the people of
my friends have evolved from meat eaters to vegetarians. I was
informed that the evolutionary process in their food habits also
brought in its wake a character problem . . . ‘love of over-
tasting’.

When the Itibi Rayans first found the tropical
chirimoya fruit, for example, they became almost
gluttonous, Pallmann related.

We shall never be able to experience what these conditions
really mean, as our palates are not as sensitive as theirs. Having
stopped eating solid food, having forgotten how to kill an
animal and eat it, they also have entirely different nerves. No
more war, on human beings or animals, except in self-defence.

They have become planters, scientists, explorers, teachers,
religious philosophers (cosmophilosophers), biologists, etc.

TELEVISUAL COMMUNICATION AND SPORT

During Pallmann’s third day on board the spacecraft at
the plantation, he observed Xiti talking to her parents on
a two-way communication system similar to a television.

On touching it, however, he discovered that, just like the
spacecraft itself, it seemed to be of a biophysical nature.

The conversation was in the Itibi Rayans’ own language,
which Pallmann described as ‘a rather high-pitched
melodic whispering, very charming and . . . with
humorous undertones’. He was also able to see Xiti’s
parents’ home and others in the neighbourhood. ‘At one
time, Xiti also spoke to a neighbour of her parents and
the “eye-generator” had “gone” directly into the inside
of her house, also very charmingly decorated with
symbols similar to those I saw within the space-craft.’
To Pallmann’s surprise, Xiti then ‘switched channels’,
as it were, to a sporting event. ‘I must say it was one of
the hardest games I ever saw in my entire life.’
I understood that the huge amount of players, perhaps 7,000
young men, were engaged in a giant-size ball game, where a
final selection of the most able and strongest also ended with
the victory of the most intelligent team. To play this substitute
lor war, the young Itibi Rayans used several hundred
computerized, electronically controlled gadgets, very similar to
multi-coloured footballs. I understood that not the referee, but
the different balls (perhaps also interconnected with each
other) have to decide the game. To me, the whole thing looked
like football on a giant chess board, played rapidly over a
playing field of about five [square] miles. Decisions were made
by those having reached a higher commanding status because
of bravery and intelligent behaviour.

The hardness and often brutal behaviour of many lower-
rank players really surprised me. It seemed to be absolutely
contrary of what I had thought about the Itibi Rayans so far. I
asked Xiti about it . . . she explained that these events have
prevented war and bloodshed for many thousands of years.

And yet, these games, she said, made it possible to keep the
inborn and instinctive fighting condition of mankind intact.

There is also the genetic reason to keep fit, to be healthy
through hardship and sporting bravery.15

SPACE-TIME TECHNOLOGY

There were three spacecraft at the Mirim base, of which
only one carried a crew. The other two were uninhabited
supply craft. ‘I must emphasize,’ Pallmann pointed out,
‘that only science-fiction calls space-ships “flying
saucers”. That is a solecism of fantasy. I doubt if spaceships 
actually fly in the accepted sense of the word. They
are propelled by cosmic waves.’
A minimum fleet of twenty-seven to thirty ships are needed for
operating within our solar system. The power units, or the
carriers, are at all times above the control and supply ships. It
is the carriers that arrange for the power to be switched on or
off. The three-dimensional fusion of the carriers accords with
the cosmic condition of the third dimension itself, and this
makes it possible to [reach] a target at a very high speed, much
faster, indeed, than the speed of light.

Several hundred thousand years ago, Pallmann was
informed, the Itibi Rayans had been obliged to evacuate
their dehydrating planet of origin (Itibi Ra), an
evacuation involving several trips to and from the old
planet to move people, animals, insects, plants,
biological machines, recording devices, musical instruments, 
and so on. ‘Indeed,’ wrote Pallmann, ‘only the
necessity to survive had forced the Itibi Rayan scientists
to think about travelling on to another planet and to
create the necessary means of transportation.’
Pallmann’s elaboration of these ‘necessary means’ is
hard to follow - and harder still to swallow.

Only because of their highly advanced understanding of all life-
creating ways of nature were they able to create and test a
series of dimensional filtering and prismatic-type ‘life-
receiving’ space-batteries, reacting to the inter-cosmic forces of
colour, light, temperature, time, and other cosmic waves. The
Itibi Rayans ... created a new, fascinating ‘interconnection’ of
cosmic batteries, reaching the dimensional scientific ‘switch’
from ‘receiving’ to ‘sending’ cosmic forces. In other words,
instead of waves being received, activated and returned, they
were able to move with the activated ‘returned’ waves
themselves.

Assuming Pallmann’s story to be neither the product
of a deluded mind nor an outright hoax, such a vague
elaboration might well be due to his own failure to grasp
what was told to him. ‘The biological structure of the
space-craft makes it impossible - even for a technically
trained man - to draw a blueprint,’ he noted in his diary
at the time. ‘ What makes our brains, our nerves,
transmit orders to our bodies to move heavy weights . ..

Yes, they tried to explain! But I do not even know how
a television circuit works, much less shall I ever
understand this . . .’16

A PARADOX

It was implied that ‘ordinary’ human beings were as yet
not conditioned to accept or mix freely with the Itibi
Rayans. Yet, paradoxically, the local Indian peasants
not only mixed freely with, but were employed by the
extraterrestrials to work on their plantations. As
Pallmann explained:

These Indians were employed on very humdrum tasks, keeping
the area free of insects, because, despite the protective covers,
insects did manage to find their way into the seedlings and
saplings. The Indians looked upon their employers as lightskinned 
foreigners from another part of the world. I doubt if
they gave a second thought to the rather unusual chin
formation of the Itibi Rayans. In any case, the simple Amazon
Indians would not have believed that people could come from
other planets. They would have rejected the story in exactly the
same way as most of us would reject the idea of several men
having been landed on the Moon, if we had not seen it on TV.
‘At first,’ Satu Ra told Pallmann, ‘the local Indians
looked upon us with some caution. But then Xiti and I
began to heal their wounds, and cure their sick. They
soon came to accept us.’17 On one occasion, Pallmann
claims to have witnessed a group of Indians alighting
from a spacecraft.

Out stepped the most audacious group of wild-looking but
smiling savages followed by a bunch of serious Itibi Rayan
explorers. There was plenty of excitement, but what really
made me shake my head was this: these, perhaps the most
feared man-eaters of the endless forests ... were laughing and
giggling like little girls. What an excursion it must have
been . . .

The Itibi Rayans had known these men already since their
first landing near Pucallpa. The amazing thing I discovered was
the age of these Indians: all over 50 years, looking as healthy
and young as those Indians being only 20 or 25. Another
controversy! Had they been used as guinea-pigs by the Itibi
Rayans?

LINISLAN

Though reluctant to talk about the possible use of the
Indians as guinea-pigs, Xiti was more forthcoming when
discussing certain discoveries her people had made
regarding ancient South American civilizations. These
discoveries were allegedly made during advanced forms
of excavation in certain areas, while the Indians stood
guard near strategic waterways and swamp-passages.

The Itibi Rayans had located the remains of a huge long-
lost city, given the name of ‘Linislan’, buried beneath a
layer of seven feet of tropical growth. There, inside a
temple, they discovered a huge pre-Columbian symbol,
which they said proved that many thousands of years
ago another extraterrestrial civilization had first landed
on Earth. Xiti showed Pallmann a similar symbol on one
of the control panels of the spacecraft.18

A FRUITFUL TRIP

By this time, Ludwig Pallmann was becoming increasingly 
concerned about his business affairs: a backlog of
work awaited him in Lima. Yet so fascinating was the
time he spent with the Itibi Rayans that when invited by
them for a trip to Colombia, on 20 February 1967, he
accepted immediately.

Another thing that bothered him was how Satu and
Xiti, and others of their race, managed to travel around
various countries without some sort of passports. What
would happen if one of their men or women was
arrested? ‘Little did I know,’ wrote Pallmann, ‘besides
the fact that Xiti used a perfectly imitated Argentine
passport, that all Itibi Rayans know exactly what to do
and what not to do. For instance, in many countries, it is
useless to show a passport if that passport does not show
an entry stamp from the airport police.
‘On the trip to Colombia, Satu Ra decided not to use
passports at all, but to proceed at night and only stay a
very limited time and at a place where the chances of
detection were absolutely out of the question.’ Shortly
after 22.00, the craft departed for Colombia. As
Pallmann described the trip:

The extremely short criss-cross over great altitude and distance
was a disappointment. Exactly like on the first flight near
Huancayo to the Mirim River base, I did not notice, see, hear
or feel anything at all. But I did observe, and with the utmost
interest, the immediate and very clever control-craft protection
carried out in the darkness of what I was able to understand to
be a huge delta swamp of the Magdalena River south of
Barranquilla, [on the Caribbean Sea coastline of] Colombia.

Within seconds the space-craft had covered itself with a
special liquid coming out of a million pores which, besides
being a perfect element of camouflage and natural colouring,
also served as a bacteria and insect repelling agent. This only
lasted about five to ten minutes.

When finished, we immediately embarked in two very
comfortable and very flat speed-boats [which] on both sides,
and on the bottom, were propelled by tiny and silent
generators. There was no motor at all but a great number of
air-jets, working in absolute silence. I figured the speed [at]
about 30 to 35 m.p.h., and the trip itself lasted well over an
hour ... I was only able to speak to Mr Satu Ra, as Xiti had
not received clearance to join the party and all the other crew
members did not carry language computers.

The group reached Barranquilla and found an isolated
spot on the embankment. Most of the Itibi Rayans
wanted to rest and observe the neighbourhood, but Satu
invited Pallmann to see the night life of Barranquilla,
Colombia’s largest coastal town. Naturally, it was the
fruit above all else which attracted Satu. ‘Satu Ra
displayed a naivety that was astounding for one so astute
as himself,’ wrote Pallmann, who had given his friend
some Peruvian money to purchase samples. ‘He
inspected the fruit, turning and prodding, but he did not
buy anything. Instead, he offered a stall-seller money
merely for the privilege of inspecting the stock, smiled
politely, then moved on to the next stall. Each stallholder
accepted the money with alacrity ... I suppose they
looked on the money as a tip given to them by an
eccentric foreigner’
Pallmann, meanwhile, having been starved of ‘real’
food for several days, devoured a grilled half-chicken,
upsetting Satu in the process. ‘I knew what he was
thinking: that it was a crime to kill a bird just for a
human being to eat it. At that moment, I must confess, I
was out of sympathy with Itibi Rayan philosophy . . .’
Meanwhile, another member of the crew, ‘Mr Hua’,
second-in-command of Satu’s spacecraft, appeared on
the scene, and the trio set off for another market.

Examining a guayaba closely, Satu asked Pallmann for
a detailed description of this, to him, unknown fruit.

Having satisfied himself that the fruit could be
cultivated, some was bought. An hour was spent looking
for a specimen of the guayaba plant, but to no avail, so
the following morning Pallmann went back to
Barranquilla, where he was directed to the town of Santa
Marta, across the river. Here, his search eventually bore
fruit when he located some cuttings, which were handed
to Satu at the rendezvous point the following night.

During the trip, Pallmann had bought himself a new
camera, with a view to taking some photographs of the
Itibi Rayans, their plantation and their craft. But it was
not to be. ‘As I feared, Satu Ra took a special interest in
the camera,’ wrote Pallmann.

He told me about ‘Amat Mayna’, the science of soul based on
ancient beliefs. Not that my friends believe in reincarnation,
but, definitely, they do not care for photos and pictures because
of certain implications. I understood that, besides certain
security restrictions, they simply do not care about ‘their
looks’. They are devoid of all vanity, pride or feeling of
superiority . . . During all the time, and particularly where Xiti
was concerned, I never saw them use a mirror.

Satu confiscated the camera until Pallmann returned
to Lima a week later.19

BACK AT THE PLANTATION

At the Mirim River plantation, Pallmann was shown
how the Itibi Rayan botanists went about their research
and cultivation work. The plantation itself was laid out
under huge green protective sheets.

Air filters and humidifiers had been installed at strategic points
so that, no matter what the weather, the plant biologists could
always have controlled weather conditions inside the ‘flavour
station’. The main path through the plantation complex
separated the station into two sections, each of which was
made self-contained by means of coloured dividing sheets that
were rigged tree-high.

In front of the actual biology research laboratory was a wing
consisting of several large tents [where] many vegetable
‘guinea-pigs’, which had been brought from Itibi Ra II, had
been transplanted, and had then been used as required for
grafting on to samples of Earth vegetation [in order] to obtain
as fine a strain of individual plant life as it was possible to get
by uniting the best of Earth types with the best of the Itibi Ra
types.

The biology research laboratory . . . was a series of interconnecting 
marquees, stretching for some 350 feet, and was
some 60 feet wide. It was divided off into experimental bays,
rather like the operating rooms of hospitals. In these bays . . .
the finest instruments were used to dissect the cells of plants:
the veins and stems were put under close scrutiny. X-ray
pictures were taken, not the normal plate-type X-rays but a
continuous record, rather like a roll of film. The plant
‘surgeons’ . . . could watch on separate left- and right-hand
panels let into the wall. On these panels, the eye-computer
projected a continuous report of the dissection as it proceeded.

These television-type panels were studied throughout the entire
process by special observation ‘officers’, who indicated their
opinions to a chief scientific officer who controlled the actual
work itself . . . The biologists sat at their work in the Oriental
manner.

Relaxation

Pallmann was invited to visit the bathing tents on the
plantation. The Itibi Rayans, he learned, bathed at least
twice a day: before going to work and when work was
finished in the late afternoon. ‘Their bathing habits are a
combination of the Finnish and Japanese,’ claimed
Pallmann. ‘The normal bath is like the Finnish sauna
unit, and they have both wet and dry bath units. Because
of their lack of inhibitions about nakedness, men and
women bathe together.
‘I noticed that Xiti, who is meticulous about her
personal hygiene, was scrubbing furiously as if she had
done filthy work in the laboratories. I remarked upon
this, and she frowned a little. “Can you not smell?” she
demanded . . . then she told me to my face that I had
eaten meat. I laughed like an idiot. On two occasions I
had eaten chicken in Barranquilla. Xiti grinned and
pulled a face at me . . .’
The domestic arrangements on board the spacecraft
also drew Pallmann’s admiration.

The dining quarter and ‘health’ lounges were bright with
decorations. Lovely, soft divans and deep cushions, gay with
floral patterned covers, invited relaxation after the day’s work.

I admired the way in which the women, some being the wives
of the astronauts, who shared similar jobs to the men all day,
could shed their technical role during off-duty hours and revert
to an essential feminism such as one experiences in Japan. They
even took it upon themselves to see to the domestic side of the
expedition.20

RELIGION AND SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT

Asked about their religion, or ‘cosmophilosophy’ as
Pallmann called it, Xiti and Satu said that their people
make no distinction between ‘God’ and ‘Nature’,
referring to them (in English at least) as ‘God-Nature’.
‘Disregarding the laws of Nature,’ said Satu, ‘is
disregarding the laws of God, because God is Nature
and Nature is God.’21 The value of religion, Pallmann
was told, should depend on the ‘active role it is able to
play in civilization’s progressive and futuristic pattern’.

Regarding the future of our society, Satu predicted
that a new social and political structure would be
brought about within 100 years. As Pallmann described
it:

I was very much surprised when Satu Ra told me about a
great feeling of friendship which shall come about over many
nations on our planet because of a unique political situation
I never believed possible. He mentioned [that] the whole
planet Earth, within one hundred years from now, will
benefit from the friendship he predicted between the United
States and Russia.22

Satu Ra’s prediction about the superpowers has come
to pass. Let us hope for the predicted era of friendship on
a wider scale.

HEALTH AND LONGEVITY

According to the Itibi Rayans, Earth is one of a number
of planets, referred to as ‘cancer planets’, which are
particularly prone to cancer. In addition to the known or
suspected causes, they laid the blame on our modern,
artificial and materialistic life-style (citing the lack of
cancer among the Amazon Indians), as well as on other,
sometimes inherited factors, such as fear, stress and
sexual repression. Added Pallmann:

They also know that we suffer as a result of many mental
disorders, besides our many physical disorders, like blood and
respiratory disorders. They have seen for themselves that our
stomachs, hearts and glands are not working like theirs, that
80 per cent of us are suffering from some kind of constant
tension and of what they know as . . . unnatural irregularity,
leading to cancer.23

Satu Ra claimed to be 250 years old, measured in our
terms; a modest age when compared with Walter Rizzi’s
alien, who communicated that his race lived up to one
hundred times that of Earth people. Compared with
ordinary human beings, Satu would have been in his
early forties. He expected to die sometime between the
years 2210 and 2220.24

Overpopulation was given as one of the main causes
of misery on planet Earth. Satu and Xiti emphasized the
need for both political and religious leaders to impose
the strictest regulations to control our present growth of
population.25

LOVE AND MARRIAGE

On Itibi Ra II, couples fall in love, marry and have
children as we do, but, Pallmann was informed,
marriages normally break up soon after the children
enter an ‘educational centre’ when they are about six
years old. (The ‘seven-year itch’, it seems, is not
restricted to Earthlings.) At first shocked by this custom,
Pallmann came to appreciate the fact that, if monogamy
were practised on Itibi Ra II, some marriages would have
to last for 400 years or more! Satu pointed out that,
although incompatibility between marriage partners was
normal after the seven-year period, compatibility,
resulting in long-term unions, did occur. Such unions did
not require the sanction of the equivalent of a registry
office ceremony, or even a formal exchange of vows.

Satu’s current union (with a woman from another
planet), he told Pallmann, had lasted for 90 years.26

Having also learned from Satu about the erotic
behaviour of the Itibi Rayans, Pallmann had initially
considered including some details in his book, but the
publisher had advised against it. ‘Actually, all I wanted
to do was to describe the very healthy and natural
behaviour of another civilization,’ he explained.27 Yet
Pallmann, too, imposed censorship. ‘There are matters
on which I have had to maintain my privacy,’ he wrote
earlier, seemingly contradicting his later remark. ‘As far
as I am concerned, and especially as far as the sexual
habits of the Itibi Rayans are concerned, I have tried to
reveal exactly nothing, and I believe I do have the right
to do this, simply because our own sexual habits are far
from free.’28
On 26 February 1967, Satu sadly informed Pallmann
that his people had received orders to evacuate their
plantations in South America. The following day, he was
taken back by spacecraft to the Peruvian highland lake
where he had originally been picked up.29

NEWS

Nearly two years passed. Pallmann bought a property in
El Salvador, Central America, a lakeside fishing and
hunting lodge affording magnificent views of the
surrounding scenery, including the San Vicente volcano.

He began writing the manuscript of a book describing
his claimed experiences with the Itibi Rayans. ‘I had lost
some of my diaries and it wasn’t an easy job to find dates
and names. Certain places and words I had synchronized
by sound I could not write down in “human” language
at all,’ he explained. ‘I simply had to use similar words
and sentences so far as the dialogue with these people is
concerned.’30 The Itibi Rayans, he further explained, do
not use letters or print.31 As to use of the Egyptian word
‘Ra’, for example, which surprised Pallmann, this was
taken as further evidence that an extraterrestrial
civilization had been on Earth thousands of years ago.32

About two weeks after taking over the property, on 15
January 1969, he felt a burning sensation from the ring
Satu had given him, the inset flashing and gleaming.

Later, having taken his small motor-boat to a sandy
beach near the Isla del Altar, he noticed that the
normally placid waters of the lake were ruffled by several
huge concentric circles. ‘There could be but one
explanation,’ he wrote. ‘Somewhere near at hand, my
friends from Itibi Ra II had effected a landing.’ Shortly
afterwards he encountered the figure of Satu Ra, sitting
motionless on a rock. ‘He was inexpressibly sad. I
noticed that his clothing was of a dark green, that he
wore a broad instrument belt, on which was a much
larger talking device than the one to which I had become
accustomed when I had stayed with him.’
‘Where is Xiti? Is she with you?’ asked Pallmann.
‘Xiti is dead,’ came the shocking reply, in Satu’s own
language (‘Ximsi Xiti Tasaf), followed by the confirmatory 
translation in French and Spanish, the
languages in which he and Pallmann normally communicated. 
Supposedly, a disaster had befallen an
expedition to another planet, killing Xiti, Mr Hua and
many other crew members aboard their spacecraft. The
two sat talking sadly for more than an hour.33

Not feeling like talking to his housekeeper or the
gardener, Pallmann drove in a daze to a doctor friend at
San Pedro Nonualco, where he stayed the night. The
following morning he was awakened by the newspaper
boys, shouting about a flying saucer having been sighted
over the capital, San Salvador, and the San Jacinto Hills
that surrounded the lake where he lived. When he
bought the paper, there were the banner headlines:
‘OVNI Vuela Sobre San Salvador’.34 As Pallman related:

From the reports, it seemed that shortly before [Satu Ra’s] visit,
the space-craft was reported over the Cerro de San Jacinto and
had then continued high above San Marcos. The amazing thing
is that the spacecraft had silently, and for quite a long time,
stayed in an observation position directly over the extensive
capital town of San Salvador, exposed to the vision of several
hundred thousand people.

Pallmann reports that one of his neighbours observed
the spacecraft as it came down at tremendous speed and
settled, as if on an air cushion, between the isles of Los
Quemados and Los Patos, exactly midway between his
house and the Jiboa River outlet of the huge tropical
lake.

I do not know of any person on the lake having seen the return
of the space-craft, nor do I myself know on which part of the
lake Satu Ra took his speedboat in order to be picked up.

Contrary to what other space-craft observers have described,
the Itibi Rayan control craft did not show any kind of
illumination during darkness.35

AN UNFINISHED STORY

Ludwig Pallmann’s book, Cancer Planet Mission, was
published in London in 1970. There must have been
some promotion, because I recall that a friend heard an
interview with him on BBC Radio, and there was an
article about him in the Guardian. The book fell into
obscurity, and is known only to a few UFO researchers.

A planned second volume, describing some of his
experiences in more detail, was not published.

Some time afterwards, I visited the publisher in
London, with the aim of tracking down Pallmann. The
place was deserted and I was unable to obtain a
forwarding address. Later, I learned that the company
had gone into liquidation. Veteran researcher Wendelle
Stevens, a former US Air Force pilot, was likewise unable
to track down Pallmann, though he did come across
corroboration for some of the claims.

In 1967, Stevens was delivering several Beechcraft T-
34 trainer planes to the Peruvian Navy, making fuel
stops at the last Colombian town, the river port of
Leticia, on the Amazon. On impulse, he hired some
native boatmen to take him for a trip up the river to view
rare orchids in the jungle. Remarking on the lush, dense
vegetation along the bank, he asked the Indians why the
natives made no plantations of some of the more rare
exotic tropical fruits that grew there in abundance. ‘I
was certain there must be a market for them,’ said
Stevens. ‘It would only require a little organization.’ The
natives replied that this might be too large a project for
them. Then one of them remarked that he knew of some
‘Americans’, three or four days up-river, who were doing
just that. What was more, the native added, he knew of
a white man, a German, who had gone up there to look
for them some months previously, but who had not
returned. Although the Indians had never seen these
Americans, they had heard about them from the wilder
tribes farther upstream. The native added that the
Americans had aircraft at their encampment.

Further enquiries in Lima led Stevens to a somewhat
inaccurate newspaper report about one ‘Ludwig F.
Pallimann’ (sic), a German salesman who sold food-
processing equipment and health foods to a chain of
stores in Lima. This man, reported the newspaper, had
gone up-river from Iquitos in the Peruvian/Brazilian
border area looking for a giant arrowroot plant for
possible hybridizing, seeking a greater yield by
improving the strain. (This much is true: Pallmann was
doing research for the Agricultural University of Lima at
the time, to find an inexpensive high-protein food.) The
Indians taking Pallmann up-river asked him why he did
not go further up-stream, about another three days’
journey, where a party of ‘Americans’ were doing the
same thing. Intrigued, Pallmann took up the suggestion,
but found that the Indians would only take him another
day up-river, where they would leave him with another
tribe for the remainder of the trip.

On arrival in the vicinity of the ‘American’ encampment, 
the newspaper report continues, the Indians
superstitiously refused to take Pallmann any further, but
put him ashore and pointed him in the right direction.

Pallmann walked to the camp, consisting of plastic-like
tents. The ‘Americans’ were fair-skinned, dressed in
toga-like garments and spoke in a strange language.

Pallmann greeted them first in English, then Spanish and
German, to no avail. Getting a limited response in
French, he was welcomed and provided with a place to
stay.

According to the Lima report, Pallmann learned that
his hosts, who said they came from another planet outside 
our solar system, named ‘Itipura’, were hybridizing
plants and other stock to be taken back there. These
extraterrestrials were served by three streamlined discshaped 
flying machines. After a while, the report
continues, Pallmann became concerned that his business
associates would worry about his whereabouts. The
‘Itipurans’ offered to deliver him to his destination in one
of their flying machines. Because of his long absence, he
asked his hosts to take him to his ranch in the Dominican
Republic instead of to Lima, and was transported there
in 15 minutes.36

Stevens believes that Pallmann was covering his tracks
in his interview with the Lima reporter.

He had associated the location with the Peruvian town of
Iquitos because you could never get to the plantation site from
Iquitos by river, and the jungle there was all but impassable.

He had omitted all of the earlier contacts with the Itibians as
well as what was going on in Lima and elsewhere, probably to
head off possible interference for them as the operation was
still going on . . ,37 Pallmann was not returned from the
plantation to the Dominican Republic when he left. . . and he
did not make his first contact with the extraterrestrials by river
from Iquitos.38
‘I searched for Ludwig Pallmann all over South
America in 1968 and 1969, and again in 1971 and 1972,’
wrote Stevens in his introduction to a reprinted edition of
Pallmann’s book, which he published in 1986. ‘He was
moving around Peru in 1968 and then disappeared. I also
looked for him in West Germany in 1977 and 1978 but
failed to find any productive lead.’39 Though German by
birth, Pallmann is believed to be a British citizen, having
fled to England as a young man to escape the Gestapo
during the Second World War.40 My enquiries at the
Passport Records Office in London drew a blank: there is
no record of a British passport having been issued to a
Ludwig F. Pallmann.41 The search for him continues.

Pallmann was the first to admit that his story is unbelievable. 
‘As I read what I had written,’ he commented
ruefully, ‘I came to the conclusion that all this would be
in vain, because who would want to believe such a story?

It’s a concatenation of unlikely circumstances for which
I can offer very little explanation.
‘I have only tried to tell what happened, and even if it
should be considered a waste of time, I felt it necessary
to do so, because of the religious theme involved. It is
stupid of me perhaps to expect that others should feel
about this what I felt. Men will continue to be born into
their present-day beliefs . . .’42
‘Cancer Planet Mission may seem [to be] the product
of my fantasy, which I try to pass on as a true story.

However, much of what I relate can be checked. Many
things may not correspond to the exact date and time as
it happened, simply because I did not date my diary from
day to day, and because I was overwhelmed by what
happened to me. I, myself, did not believe this possible
for a long time.’43
‘Just to have known Satu Ra and his sister made me
realize that none of us at the present time has the
slightest notion of peace, real peace, so great was their
relaxed and modest humanism, so great their
contentment with “Time”,’ wrote Pallmann, following
his initial meetings in India. ‘They just seemed to live
every hour, every minute, without being “Timeconscious” 
. . ,’44


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Pallmann, Ludwig F., Cancer Planet Mission, The Foster
Press, London, 1970, pp. 13-20.
2.	Ibid., pp. 21-2.
3.	Readers interested in the Vedic literature about this subject
should consult Alien Identities by Richard L. Thompson
(1993), Govardhan Hill Publishing, PO Box 1920,
Alachua, Florida 32615.
4.	Pallmann, op. cit., pp. 23-9.
5.	Ibid., pp. 30-7.
6.	Ibid., pp. 40-2.
7.	Ibid., pp. 44-6.
8.	Ibid., pp. 46-7.
9.	Ibid., pp. 49-50.
10.	Ibid., pp. 63-4.
11.	Ibid., pp. 72-8.
12.	Ibid., pp. 79-82.
13.	Ibid., pp. 83-7.
14.	Ibid., pp. 88-93.
15.	Ibid., pp. 97-100.
16.	Ibid., pp. 102-6.
17.	Ibid., pp. 111-12.
18.	Ibid., pp. 116-19.
19.	Ibid., pp. 120-9.
20.	Ibid., pp. 130-3.
21.	Ibid., pp. 138-43.
22.	Ibid., pp. 189-90.
23.	Ibid., Postscript.
24.	Ibid., p. 170.
25.	Ibid., p. 191.
26.	Ibid., pp. 175-7.
27.	Ibid., pp. 198-9.
28.	Ibid., pp. 156-7.
29.	Ibid., pp. 141,144.
30.	Ibid., pp. 154-6.
31.	Ibid., p. 199.
32.	Ibid., p. 170.
33.	Ibid., pp. 158-65.
34.	El Diario de Hoy, Central American Press, San Salvador,
16.	January 1969. (A facsimile of the headlines is
reproduced in Pallmann, op.cit.)
35.	Pallmann, op. cit., pp. 166-9.
36.	Pallmann, Ludwig F., and Stevens, Wendelle C., UFO
Contact from Itibi-Ra: Cancer Planet Mission, UFO Photo
Archives, PO Box 17206, Tucson, Arizona 85710, 1986,
pp. 3-5.
37.	Ibid., p. 17.
38.	Ibid., p. 16.
39.	Ibid.
40.	Pallmann, op. cit., p. 5.
41.	Ibid., p. 156.
42.	Letter to the author from the UK Passport Agency,
Passport Records Office, Public Record Office, Hayes,
Middlesex, UB3 1RF, 18 July 1997.
43.	Pallmann, op. cit., Postscript.
44.	Ibid., p. 48.


=========================================================
Chapter 16. PERPLEXING TRENDS

As I have discussed in my previous books, the UFO
phenomenon has long been associated with unexplained
mutilations of animals, particularly cattle. Although the
first public reports came out in 1967, the mutilations
began in the mid-1950s, according to Lieutenant
Colonel Philip J. Corso, who from 1954-57 served on
the National Security Council’s Operations Coordination 
Board, the most sensitive executive branch of
the United States Government. ‘Whoever went after the
animals,’ says Corso, ‘seemed most interested in the
mammary, digestive, and reproductive organs, especially
the uteruses from cows.’ He continues:

In many cases the eyes or throats were removed in a type of
surgery in which the demarcation line was almost microscopically 
thin and the surrounding tissue showed that the
incision had superheated and then blackened as it cooled 1
... the removal of the animal’s blood - where blood had been
completely drained - [was] so sophisticated that there was
almost no peripheral damage to the surrounding tissue . . . We
had no medical instruments that even remotely approached
what the aliens could do.2

Seldom have we had such solid evidence linking the
two phenomena, though there are a number of cases in
which circumstantial evidence is provided. One such is
the following.

In 1969, Wendelle Stevens delivered a C-54 transport
plane to a client, Oscar Bowles, a wealthy Bolivian
businessman to whom Stevens had delivered over a dozen
cargo planes in the past. Bowles’s ranch was at Santa
Rosa, where he had a meat-processing plant. Above his
property, to the west, was a sheep herder whom Bowles
knew well. According to Bowles, the sheep herder and
two of his Indian helpers were watching the flock one
bright day when a silent disc-shaped aircraft came out of
the sky, gliding down gently in a curving approach until
only 50 feet above them.

The disc stopped, hovered momentarily, and flashes of
white light emitted from its underside like electricity
jumping a gap, striking the sheep. This happened about
30	times in quick succession, and the sheep fell to the
ground. As Stevens relates:

As it became apparent that the flock was the target of interest,
the shepherd picked up a stick and, raising it, started to run
toward the slowing, shiny metallic disc. With his first
threatening motion of raising the club, there was a flash of
violet light and he suddenly was unable to continue the motion.

It was like he was immersed in molasses. He could barely
move, and then very slowly. He could roll his eyes and look
around. He saw his helpers apparently in the same kind of
paralysis . . . The stricken sheep did not move.

As he watched, the silver disc-shaped craft, with a shiny
dome on top, descended still more, to about five or six feet
above the ground, and a trap-door with a built-in stair opened
down from underneath, and two human-like feet started down
the stair from the center of the ship. First one and then another
emerged, and as they reached the bottom of the stair and
stepped off, he was sure they were normal men in strange suits.

The form-fitting suits were a bright, reflective white,
of the one-piece coverall type, with a transparent dark
helmet over the head. The beings wore matching white
gloves and boots, and each carried what looked like a
shiny silver fire-extinguisher in one hand, and a black
nozzle on the end of a white hose to the bottle in the
other.

These two men walked around among the flock putting the
‘fire-extinguisher’ nozzle to each of the fallen sheep in turn,
apparently showing little interest in the shepherds. They
finished their task in only three or four minutes and then walked
back and boarded the ship up the stairway. The stair retracted
as the big, circular ship, over 30 feet in diameter, drifted higher,
to about 300 to 400 feet. From that position, there was a
tremendous ‘sshhoo’ and the ship sped up into the blue sky at a
steep angle and disappeared.

As soon as the craft had vanished, the shepherds
recovered from their paralysis and rushed to their flock.

All 34 sheep were dead. The shepherd and his helpers
dragged the sheep to one side to bleed them - but there
was no blood. ‘The three men carried the carcasses to the
hut and began to dress them out,’ continued Stevens.
‘They not only found them bloodless, they found certain
organs considerably desiccated and spongy, including
the brain, spleen and eyeballs.’
Although the witnesses agreed that the beings looked
human, they felt certain that they did not originate from
anywhere on Earth.3

AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING BOAT

On the morning of 27 June 1970, Aristeu Machado, his
wife Maria Nazare, their eldest daughter Creuza, aged
23., their four younger daughters, and Joao Aguiar, an
official of the Brazilian Federal Police, were relaxing on
the veranda of the family home on the Avenida
Niemeyer, overlooking the Atlantic coast to the
southwest of central Rio de Janeiro. Sr Aguiar noticed
what he thought was a motor-boat striking the water,
throwing up spray all around it. He drew the attention
of the others to the ‘boat’, about 700 metres from the
shore. On board could be seen two ‘bathers’, who
seemed to be signalling with their arms. They were
wearing shining clothing and ‘something on their heads’
and seemed to be ‘thickish set and quite small’.

The two persons seemed to be working on the deck of
the metallic grey craft, which appeared to be between
four and six metres in length, covered with a transparent
cupola (see Fig. 22). While the others continued
watching, Sr Aguiar ran to the nearby Mar Hotel to
telephone the harbour police for assistance. No sound
could be heard from the craft, nor did it bob up and
down like a normal boat.

When Sr Aguiar returned about half an hour later, the
‘boat’ could still be seen on the sea. Shortly afterwards,
it took off into the air. Dr Walter Biihler, one of Brazil’s
most respected investigators, interviewed the witnesses
on the day of the incident, having been alerted to the case
by a reporter from the newspaper Diario de Nottcias,
which published a report the following day. As Dr
Biihler reported:

Sr Aguiar informed us that when the disc took off, it did not
rise straight up, but skimmed along for about 300 metres on
the surface of the sea, throwing out the usual sort of bow-
wave, such as we see with our own fast motor-boats. In fact, it
was only when the machine had become airborne and was
moving away in a low arc out to sea towards the south-east
that the witnesses realized it was not an ordinary boat, but a
flying saucer.

As the disc took off, from a point about 600 metres
from the shore, Dona Maria Nazare noticed a
hexagonal-shaped object underneath it, as though
retracted into the craft, and several coloured lights -
green, pale yellow, red - repeatedly flashed in the same
sequence. While the disc had appeared metallic grey
while resting on the water, it looked transparent once
airborne. She clearly saw the two occupants sitting
inside the disc.

On the area of sea where the disc had rested, Dona
Maria noticed a ‘white, hoop-shaped object, of the size of
a trunk or a chest’, which sank after a while. Then it
reappeared, and from it came a yellow, oval-shaped
object, which began to move slowly towards the beach. A
greenish ‘flange’ later separated from the main yellow
body, and continued to follow it. About fifteen minutes
later, the yellow object came to within about 120 metres
of the beach, made a right-angled turn, then headed
towards the beach at Gavea, contrary to the prevailing
current. Dona Maria decided to go down to the beach,
where she pointed it out to a group of boys, one of whom
began throwing stones at it, to no effect. Ten minutes
later, the object disappeared around a rocky promontory.

Twenty minutes later the white ‘hoop’ also headed in the
direction of the Gavea beach.

Not long after the disc had taken off, a police motor-
launch from Copacabana Fort appeared on the scene,
presumably sent out following Sr Aguiar’s call. ‘We do
not know if its crew saw the UFO take off,’ reported Dr
Biihler, ‘but it may be assumed that they did, for they
would have had the UFO in view long before they
reached the area from which it took off and where the
“white hoop” remained floating.
‘When they got there, the motor-launch stopped at a
distance of about one kilometre from the shore. Then the
witnesses saw the crew of the launch hoist aboard, with
great difficulty, a cylindrical red object. . . Having done
this, the motor-launch returned at high speed to its point
of origin.’4
No further details are available regarding the
recovered object.

A CALF-NAPPING

On rare occasions, animals - particularly cattle - are said
to have been levitated towards a hovering UFO, prior to
being mutilated. Though no UFOs were seen at the time
of the following incident, and the fate of the animal is
unknown, it was observed rising inexplicably into the
sky. The incident is believed to have occurred at the end
of October 1970, on the Palma Velha ranch, about 18
kilometres from the town of Alegrete, in the First District
of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.

At about 16.00, Pedro Trajano Machado and his 23-
year-old son, Euripides, were carrying out veterinary
treatment on some cattle, and had just picked one Jersey
cow which had a one-month-old calf with her, weighing
about 20 kilograms. The cow was tied up but the calf
was loose, about five metres away from its mother.

Suddenly, the cattle became disturbed; the tethered cow
began to low, constantly turning to look at her calf. As
Pedro turned to look at the calf, which was also
bellowing, he could not believe his eyes:
... the animal was hanging in the air, at about one metre above
the ground, and otherwise in the normal posture (i.e. with its
feet pointing downwards). [Pedro] shouted to his son to look,
and both were now able to watch as ... the calf began to move
away parallel to the ground, still at a height of about one
metre, in the same position as before, and bellowing as it
headed towards the open fields . . .

While the rest of the cattle were bellowing and lowing and
churning about in evident fear, the calf was now moving
towards the barred gate in the fence, which was open. Then it
passed beneath the branches of some trees, towards the
northeast, until it was now about 20 metres from its mother ...
still about one metre above the ground. But now it began to
move slowly upwards, still with its feet pointing down. It had
stopped bellowing now. According to the two witnesses, this
slow vertical ascent lasted for about three or four minutes
until, while still far below the cloud-ceiling, the calf became
invisible.

The calf was never found. Investigations were
conducted by a team from the independent group
GIPOVNI, headed by Victor Soares. They found the
witnesses to be thoroughly credible; not likely to have
invented such an unlikely tale. Although no UFOs were
seen at the time, the Machados remarked that on a
number of nights - including the date of the incident -
they had seen ‘red lights, coming on and going out5;
‘stars’ in the sky, moving about and stopping, ‘doing
somersaults in the sky, either separately or in groups of
three’.5

SUSPENDED IN TIME

Among the assorted phenomena inextricably woven into
the UFO mystery, that of time distortion is particularly
perplexing. This phenomenon should not be confused
with missing time, which, though related, I regard as a
separate issue. While many researchers opt for esoteric
explanations for time distortion, my feeling is that some
extraterrestrials, by means of highly advanced technology, 
are able to manipulate space and time. Consider
the following case, translated by Gordon Creighton
from a prominent Brazilian magazine.

Nelson Vieira Leite, a prominent businessman and
farmer from Itaperuna in the state of Rio de Janeiro, had
spent the day on his farm, the Fazenda Toyota, which lay
some 40 minutes by car from the town. The date: 27
May 1971. Towards sundown, while waiting for his
cousin, Manoel Carlos, to pick him up, Sr Leite observed
a light, pale at first but becoming increasingly bright,
then blinding, as it approached him and came down in a
meadow, without actually touching the ground. Leite
went over to take a closer look.

A greenish object, ‘resembling a soup-plate upside
down’, hovered less than a metre from the ground.

Nervously approaching it, Leite had reached a point
about 10 metres away when he suddenly found that he
was no longer walking; that he had not in fact been
walking for what seemed some minutes. By now, he had
lost all sense of time. However much he tried, he could
not walk. It was not a case of total paralysis, because he
was able to wave his arms about; he was unable to walk
forwards, as though an invisible barrier prevented him
from doing so, and perhaps that is what it was. The craft,
meanwhile, emitted a humming sound and a weaker
light, though sufficient to illuminate the surrounding
area.

Behind him, Sr Leite heard his cousin shouting. As Sr
Carlos began running towards him, he was struck down.
‘He was knocked right out,’ reported the journalist,
‘knocked out just as though he had been run over, or had
walked into plate-glass doors.’ Carlos remained unconscious 
for two hours.

By this point, Leite was not only frightened but also
overwhelmed by depression as he pondered his inability
to extricate himself. Gazing at the craft, still suspended
about a metre above the ground, he noticed a brighter
band of light around it, as though coming from portholes 
of some sort. Leite himself felt suspended -
suspended in time. As the journalist described it:
‘Everything was going on just as though it had been just
like this for a long, long time. How much time actually
did elapse he was subsequently able to estimate: about
20.	minutes, at the outside. But at the time, to Nelson
Leite, it was 20 years.’
The light from the disc now began to grow stronger and the
hum more piercing, until Sr Leite was obliged to put his hands
over his ears. And the flying saucer took off, straight up, slowly
at first, then moving so rapidly that immediately it was no
bigger than a star in the sky.

At last, Leite was able to walk away from the spot.

Later, when Carlos had recovered consciousness, the
two examined the area over which the craft had hovered.

The long grass seemed scorched.
‘It must have been something to do with extraterrestrial 
beings, people like us, or a bit different,’
Nelson Leite told the journalist. ‘But nothing beyond the
bounds of what is rational.’6

SINISTER SPACE CREATURES

Itaperuna was the scene of even more disturbing
encounters later in 1971; encounters reflecting an
increasingly sinister trend.

On the evening on 22 September, Paulo Caetano
Silveira, a 27-year-old mechanic, was driving home to
Itaperuna from Carangola when he noticed a low-flying
object, which turned out to be a luminous disc that
seemed to be following him. Frightened, he stopped in
Tombos and reported the matter to the police, who did
not take it seriously. Paulo set off once more, only to find
the object still tailing him: it was now 19.00.

Shortly after leaving the town of Natividade, Paulo
saw what at first he took to be a ‘black ox’ in the middle
of the road, but when it turned vivid red, then brilliant
white, he could see that it was the disc.

Then a luminous beam shot out from it towards him, and he
felt his engine beginning to falter. The engine died, and he
found himself confronted by a craft a little bigger than the
familiar Volkswagen car ... It had small windows, just like an
aircraft, and a door was open. Near this door were standing
two small chubby beings about 40-50 centimetres high ... He
felt his whole body, and especially his legs, being drawn in
some mysterious way towards that open door.

The creatures reminded Paulo of dwarfs, with fair
complexions, slit eyes and flattish heads. They were
dressed in one-piece overalls of a bright, luminous, sky-
blue colour, with long sleeves to the wrists, high collars,
and ‘Roman helmets’ with spikes on top. Moving about
like automata, with rigid arms and legs, they carried
objects that gave off bright red and blue beams of light.

Paulo reported that he felt overpowered: all energy
and willpower drained out of him as he was ‘drawn’
towards the lights. He fought hard mentally, but to no
avail. The creatures advanced on him and dragged him
silently towards their craft. They seemed very strong for
their size. Just as they got him to the door, he put up
resistance, causing some injuries to his arms. Once inside
the machine, he found it difficult to observe everything,
owing to the dazzling white light that permeated the
cabin, which he estimated at about three metres in
diameter and 2.5 metres high. The fittings appeared to be
very simple.

There were now a total of seven of the creatures, and they
seemed to be examining him silently, as though he were some
rare species of animal. At no point did he hear any sound
exchanged between them, though it was clear that they were in
communication with each other.

Paulo then heard an ‘infernal din’ start up, and
assumed that the disc was in flight or in movement, at
which point he became unconscious.

Later, after what lapse of time he does not know, he heard a
strange humming sound and was aware that they were carrying
him out and were laying him beside the road near his car. He
was apparently conscious enough to see what happened after
this, for he says he saw the machine rise silently into the air and
that it seemed to hang there, suspended, for a brief moment,
before shooting away ... like a flash of lightning, and was gone
from sight.

Aftermath

Dazed, Paulo lay beside the road, waiting for help from
a passing car. The first person on the scene, fortuitously,
was a physician, Dr Cirley Crespo, who summoned help
from the police in Itaperuna, nine kilometres away. By
the time the police arrived, Paulo had flagged down
another passing car, driven by Mario Alves de Brio, who
commented: ‘I was greatly moved. Something had
obviously happened . . . The man was totally disoriented, 
and in urgent need of medical attention.’

On arrival at the hospital in Itaperuna, Paulo was
examined by Dr Munir Bussad, who found the patient to
be in a state of severe nervous shock. He had an
abnormally fast pulse-rate, badly scratched and bruised
arms, his eyes were badly bloodshot and he was unable
to see properly. The doctor, who knew Paulo personally,
stated that there was no history of mental illness. ‘I do
know,’ he added, ‘that many of the people who have had
this sort of experience are not suffering from any kind of
psychiatric disorder, nor do they display any signs of
having any mental obsessions.’

Next, Paulo was taken to the police headquarters in
Itaperuna, where he related the experience to the chief,
Jose Luis Maron, and to an inspector, Gilberto Gomes.

When interviewed by reporters five days later, Paulo
Caetano Silveira was still not able to see properly, and
from time to time he fell into bouts of weeping. He told
reporters that although he had no clue as to how long
he had been abducted, his watch was found to have lost
15	minutes.7

Three days later, Benedito Miranda reported being
levitated 50 metres in the air by similar entities, while
driving from Itaperuna to Catagueses. After a while,
though powerless to move, he felt able to use his voice
and shouted to be released. When the lights of an
approaching car came into view, he found himself
lowered gently to the ground.8

The Prefect of Itaperuna, brother of Nelson Vieira
Leite, clearly felt sufficiently concerned about the
situation, as this news report of 1 October shows:

The Prefect of Itaperuna, Sr Rubem Vieira Leite, is to send,
next Tuesday, to the UFO Study Department of the Brazilian
Air Force, and also to NASA, an extensive report on the
sightings of flying saucers which have been occurring here for
about two years past and which are now occurring with great
frequency; two people, Paulo Caetano Silveira and Benedito
Miranda, having been seized and held for some time by ‘small
beings’. In addition to giving a detailed account of all these
happenings, the Prefect will also request that urgent measures
be taken.9

The Dilemma of Officialdom

As early as 1954, a high-ranking official of the Brazilian
Air Force went on record attesting to the reality and
seriousness of the UFO situation. There has been a
staggering increase in UFO sightings since the explosions
of the atomic bombs,’ said Colonel Adil Oliveira, chief
of the information service, Staff Headquarters. The
Brazilian Air Force has never been unmindful regarding
this mystery.’10

Yet what could the military, or the politicians, do
about the situation in Itaperuna? Given the bizarre
nature of the encounters and the rather sinister implications 
thereof, would it not be expedient to simply play
down the situation, or ignore it altogether? The widespread 
anxiety and alarm engendered by these events,’
wrote Gordon Creighton, ‘may provide food for thought
for those who are so ready to criticize governments for
censoring or suppressing UFO reports.’11

REJUVENATION

Ventura Maceiras, a 73-year-old caretaker, was sipping
his mate (the national, non-alcoholic beverage) and
listening to the radio near the little wooden shack where
he lived at Tres Arroyos, in the province of Buenos Aires,
Argentina. Beside him were his dog, his cat and her
kittens. It was 22.20 on 30 December 1972. Suddenly
the radio failed and a loud humming noise could be
heard, ‘like the noise of angry bees, only ever so much
stronger’.

As the noise grew steadily louder, Maceiras looked up
and saw a powerful light, increasing in intensity and
flooding the neighbourhood. Within the light could be
seen an enormous object, estimated at about 20 to 25
metres in diameter, ‘red-orange turning to purple’ in
colour, hovering almost directly above him. Protruding
tubes in the lower central portion emitted sparks, while
around it an enormous wheel rotated constantly. In the
brilliantly illuminated upper central part could be seen a
spherical cabin with two small windows. At one of these
windows appeared a being dressed in dark-grey clothing
‘made of rolls or cylinders joined together’ (similar to the
‘Michelin men’ described on p. 233). From a helmet on
the being’s head came a tube, passing down into a box
on its back.

Simultaneously, a shower of sparks shot from the
underneath of the craft, directly in front of Maceiras,
and the object tilted downwards and towards him,
affording a better view of the interior of the cabin. Now
a second, identical occupant could be seen, looking over
the shoulder of the first. ‘He described the eyes of both
of them as slanted [and which] looked fixedly, and gave
an impression of depth,’ reported the principal
investigator, Pedro Romaniuk, a former airline pilot and
technical investigator for the Argentine Air Force’s
aviation accidents board. ‘The mouth was but a thin
line, and he remembered no details of nose or ears.’
In addition to the two small windows, there were two
more windows on the further side, between which could
be seen an emblem, consisting of what looked like a ‘seahorse’ 
with signs or symbols to the right of it. Inside the
cabin were what the witness described as a long panel
with ‘a whole lot of instruments and clocks’.

Also simultaneously with the downward tilting movement of
the object, a powerful flash of light came from the under-part,
blinding the witness temporarily . . . This flash of light
completely enveloped the cat and then vanished at once.

Meanwhile the humming noise was growing much louder, and
the colour of the object was turning to bluish-green. It began to
move forward ... and descended still lower until it was no more
than from four to six metres above the ground. At this point
[Maceiras] was able to see that in the upper part of the cabin
there was a wheel or ring which was spinning very fast.

The object then moved off towards the northeast. A
sulphur- or arnica-like smell remained for a few seconds,
as the object flew away at low altitude, its colour
changing slightly to reddish, then greenish-blue. The
whole incident had lasted for less than half an minute.

After-Effects

Pedro Romaniuk emphasized that Ventura Maceiras
was a poor, simple man, scarcely able to read or write,
with no television set or access to films. His neighbours
all vouched for his. honesty. In more than 60
interrogations that ensued - by physicians including a
psychiatrist, engineers, police officials, the secretary to
the local government office, and others - he never
changed his story and begged not to be given any
publicity.

During the incident, Maceiras felt some tingling or
vibration in his legs, which lasted for a couple of days.

For over a week he suffered from a gradually worsening
and eventually unbearable headache, and by the eighth
day he was experiencing pain in the back of his neck.

There were even more disturbing symptoms, as reported
by Romaniuk:

Eight or nine hours after the episode, he developed a most
violent type of diarrhoea, involving about eight attacks daily.

Unfortunately he did not think to check whether or not he was
passing blood. The diarrhoea continued until the eighth day . . .
accompanied for the first four days by nausea and vomiting.

At the time of my first visit, on January 16,1973, [Maceiras]
had begun to notice that he was losing hair abnormally, for at
one pull he would be losing between 170 and 200 hairs. He did
this several times, in the presence of investigators, and it was
evident to everybody that despite his 73 years he had abundant
hair.

From the 14th day on, several small red pruriginous pustules
appeared on the back of his neck, so that he was constantly
scratching them ... I examined him and found some ten of
these swollen pustules.

After his experience, [he] developed a marked difficulty in
speaking, having trouble in moving his tongue ... both his eyes
watered constantly [and] very thin filaments, about three
centimetres in length, almost capillary, also came from the
eyes. This symptom finally vanished completely on the fifth
day.

The tops of the many eucalyptus trees that surrounded
the site were scorched or completely burnt. According to
the National Atomic Power Commission, no traces of
radioactivity were found, though it did not issue a
written report.

Although the dog and kittens were unaffected, the
mother-cat which had received the full force of the flash
of light was nowhere to be found afterwards, and she did
not return until 48 days later, her back showing scorch
marks.

In spite of Maceiras’s alarming symptoms, he made a
complete recovery, though there were later remarkable
developments. He found that he had regained strength to
the extent that he could lift heavy weights that hitherto
would not have been possible for him.12 That was not all.

One night in February 1973, Maceiras claims to have had
a repeat visit. There was no craft this time, but two beings
‘appeared’ to him, one of whom approached, smiling, and
greeted him. Between 1.75 and 1.8 metres in height, the
being had small, round ears, ‘slit’ eyes, a small, flattened
nose, and very short, very fine thin hair. Communication
was telepathic.

A great deal of information and imagery was imparted
to the witness. Much of it seems incomprehensible, even
ludicrous, but some is interesting. The aliens communicated 
that they came from our galaxy, giving what
seem rather silly names for their city, planet and
‘empire’. Here follow some excerpts from those communications 
supposedly relating to the propulsion of the
craft, and the purpose of the visits:

The manner in which they function is ... as yet unknown to
the people of Earth who, if they had it, would use it for making
war. Their speeds are very variable, but they can attain limits
that to you are inconceivable. The metal of which they are
made is ... a mineral unknown to you, which, once it has been
moulded in the shape of the spacecraft, is indestructible,
cannot be melted down again, and can be projected through
space in the form of ‘energy’. The energies of these craft are
electromagnetic, and are obtained from the atmosphere (the
lower and upper atmosphere) of each planet.

We are visiting you because you are causing atomic
explosions which are having a great effect on the Sun, which
may suffer damage as a result. . . Upon your planet there are
mighty seismic movements and earthquakes coming soon,
which will destroy part of the planet.

Regardless of the validity of the communications, the
fact remains that Maceiras, though barely educated,
began talking to the investigators about philosophical,
theological and astronomical concepts well beyond his
comprehension, even occasionally breaking into an
unknown tongue. ‘He mentions big figures in miles, and
in a matter of seconds converts them to kilometres,5
commented Romaniuk, adding that not all the information 
given out by the witness would be disclosed at once,
the better to obtain possible corroboration from other
sources.13

Researcher Jane Thomas Guma, who translated Pedro
Romaniuk’s reports, believes that by comparing some of
the details of the story with other ‘incredible’ or ‘crazy’
contactee cases, progress might be made. ‘Maybe
corroborating details would be found,’ she explained,
‘which would help us fit together a few more pieces of
this immense jigsaw puzzle.’14

UNDERSEA BASES OFF VENEZUELA AND ARGENTINA?

In the latter part of March 1973, thousands of witnesses
reported seeing unusual objects either entering or
emerging from the Caribbean Sea on the north coast of
Venezuela. This led to a widespread conviction among
the local populace that an alien base was located there.

At 16.00 on 22 March, two flying objects approached
at high speed from the sea, veered sharply and passed
over the area between Naiguata and Carenero, then
came to a halt at an altitude of around 200 metres over
the town of La Sabanamore, where they were witnessed
by more than 3,000 people. Alerted by callers, the police
observed the objects. After hovering for between five and
ten minutes, the objects separated and headed off in
different directions.

A few days later, a night-watchman told the press
about his sighting of several orange lights, tubular in
shape, ‘like our rockets’, which rose up out of the sea
and vanished into the sky. Other, similar reports
followed, many of them from the vicinity of Maiquetia
International Airport, Caracas. On the night of 28
March, Armando Silva and his wife saw two bluish
objects flying high above their country house, which
overlooks the seashore near Carayaca. The following
night, awakened by a sensation of tremendous heat, Sra
Silva went to the balcony and saw:
two long blue flying things like capsules, not very big; they
were the same as we had seen the previous evening. They were
of a vivid blue colour, and so close that I am absolutely sure of
what I saw. When they came nearer to the shore they shone as
brightly as the sun. One of them dropped into the sea,
submerged, and then came out again. The second one also
dropped into the sea, lay still awhile, and then moved nearer to
the first one.

The sighting lasted about 15 minutes, ending when
both objects took off from the water and vanished at
phenomenal speed. Afterwards, the temperature in the
house returned to normal. Sr Silva claimed that, while
his wife watched from the balcony, he went outside and
was startled to see, at one of the small windows on one
of the objects, a figure like that of a five-year-old child,
but with a head that looked like a gourd. He took fright
and ran back to the house.15

Southern Argentina
After years of research, the Argentine Society for the
Investigation of Unusual Phenomena announced in 1973
that machines from another world had established
undersea bases in the gulfs of San Matias and San Jorge,
in the coastal waters of southern Argentina. By the early
1960.s, flying saucer sightings had become so frequent
along the coast of Patagonia that they no longer caused
surprise, the Society stated. The most convincing sighting 
to support the hypothesis occurred on 14 August
1968., when 100 witnesses observed the trajectory,
covering a distance of 700 kilometres, of five extremely
luminous ellipsoid objects which rose up out of the Gulf
of San Matias and then submerged again in the Gulf of
San Jorge.16

ON THE PERUVIAN CENTRAL HIGHWAY

‘I never thought I would see a flying saucer, much less
photograph one,’ said Lima architect Hugo Luyo Vega,
following the sighting of an unknown flying machine,
identical to George Adamski’s ‘scoutcraft’, which Vega
photographed on 19 October 1973 (see plates).

On the day in question, Vega had taken a client into
the Lima countryside in search of a home site. They had
driven about 54 miles inland along the Rimac River
when they took a break near a valley surrounded by tall
hills. Suddenly, Vega told reporters, ‘my client,
obviously excited, told me he saw a shining object in the
bottom of the valley that was advancing towards us
extremely slowly’.

The car was not far away. I ran back for my camera, because
in that fraction of a second I thought I, too, had seen something
interesting. When I pointed my [Polaroid] camera and took the
picture, the object was less than 50 yards away from us and
about 20 yards off the ground. Suddenly, the object changed
direction, headed toward the east and increased its speed. It
rose off the ground as if trying to avoid some high-tension
wires that came down from the top of one of the hills and
crossed the valley, and disappeared from view.

It was of the colour of burnished silver [and] shaped like an
overturned soup plate with a cupola on top. At the very top of
the cupola, there was a round object giving off a fixed, sky-blue
light. Lower on the cupola, we could see a row of small
windows like port-holes in a ship.

On the bottom of the craft was what appeared to be
‘the propulsive force of the object ... a dark red
throbbing light that was aimed toward the ground from
a sort of turbine in the middle of the upside-down plate.

Near the turbine-like part, we could see protuberances
like half-eggs.’
The architect said that only about 30 seconds elapsed
from the time they spotted the object until it disappeared. 17

‘For a moment I didn’t actually think the picture
would come out all right, for I don’t consider myself all
that good a photographer, and I was greatly surprised
when I saw that it had come out,’ Vega continued. ‘All
the photo showed was the thing’s shape, but at any rate
this little piece of evidence is enough to prove that it was
a real “UFO” and not an invention of my mind.’
It took the witnesses some 20 minutes to recover from
their astonishment. Vega was reluctant to disclose the
identity of his client. ‘He is a wealthy man who prefers
no publicity,’ he explained.18

AN INTRUSION OVER MANZANO LABORATORY

In Beyond Top Secret, I reported on the 1980 series of
sightings (including a reported landing) of unknown
flying objects in the vicinity of the Manzano Weapons
Storage Area, at Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque,
New Mexico. These sightings are confirmed officially in
several declassified Air Force documents. Major Ernest
Edwards, USAF (Retired), who had been in charge of
security at Manzano, confirmed the content of these
reports and pointed out to me in person where the incidents 
had occurred.19 Another interesting sighting,
investigated by R. C. Hecker of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization (APRO), occurred in 1973.

At 21.45 on 6 November, an air policeman spotted a
large, glowing object hovering above Plant No. 3
(nuclear weapons inspection facility) of the Manzano
Laboratory area, Kirtland Air Force Base East. The
object was described as shaped like an oblate spheroid,
150. feet in diameter, golden in colour, and absolutely
silent as it hovered at about 100 feet. The nine other air
policemen on duty in that area were alerted to the
presence of the intruder,’ reported Flecker.

While the other air policemen moved into positions affording
views of the object, a call was put through to Kirtland East for
assistance. According to my informant (one of the air
policemen who saw the UFO), four interceptors (F-101
Voodoos) of the 150th Fighter Group, New Mexico Air
National Guard, were scrambled to intercept the object. As the
interceptors grouped in the skies over Kirtland AFB West, the
object began moving in an easterly direction and passed out of
sight over the Manzano Mountains at treetop level (below the
radar horizon). By the time the jets had arrived on the scene,
the object had vanished.
‘When I interviewed [my informant] approximately
one week after the incident,’ continued Hecker, ‘he said
that military officials were upset with the incident. He
requested that I did not identify the source of my
information due to immediate censoring of the report.

He said that officially, the sighting had not occurred;
there were no references to it in intelligence briefs (which
he had access to) in succeeding days.’20

INTERCEPTION OVER BOLIVIA

Two days after the preceding incident, on the afternoon
of 8 November 1973, a peculiar, top-shaped flying craft
was observed by the crew of a Lloyd Bolivian Airlines
plane as it approached the El Alto International Airport
at La Paz, Bolivia. When first seen, the luminous object
was hovering at some 12,000 metres over the snowcapped 
Illimani Mountain which overlooks the city.

There were hundreds of witnesses.

Unable to obtain identification of, or to communicate
with the strange craft, air traffic controllers contacted the
commander of the Air Force Air Pursuit Group based at El
Alto, Major Norberto Salomon, who at that moment was
on a training flight. Heading towards the target at
supersonic speed in his F-100 Super Sabre, Salomon
reported that the stationary object was shaped like a top,
on the sides of which could be seen what looked like small
windows. When the jet approached to a distance of 2,000
metres, the object took off. ‘When I had managed to
approach up to that distance,’ said Major Salomon, ‘it
began to slip away at an incredible speed.’ He gave
pursuit, but in a sudden manoeuvre the object reverted to
its original hovering position, before disappearing
vertically at fantastic speed.21

THE RESCUED EARTHMAN

One of the stranger stories to emerge from the plethora
of incidents reported from Puerto Rico and the
Dominican Republic in 1972 is the following, which
appears here as it did in a Puerto Rican newspaper at the
time:

It is 9.00 o’clock in the morning. On a deserted road near San
Cristobal [Dominican Republic] a man appears and flags down
a car. The driver, an insurance company director whom we
shall call X.X., slows down and pulls up. The man approaches.

He is wearing a sort of light-green overall with a shiny glint to
it. The garment covers his feet. He is wearing no shoes, no
gloves, and has no pockets, no weapons, no insignia. It is noted
that he is wearing a sort of watch on his left wrist. This
mysterious person asks X.X.: ‘Don’t you know me?’
‘No,’ says X.X.
‘My name is F	M	,’ says the man. (This is the name
of a person well-known in Santo Domingo [the capital], who
disappeared mysteriously in the sea about 15 years ago.) ‘It
was thought that I was drowned along with two other people.
But I was rescued by a modern machine.’
X.X.: ‘By a helicopter?’
F.M.: ‘No. Supposedly a module, that is to say, what you
folk call a UFO. I was rescued by those two people (he points
towards two companions a certain distance away) because of
my knowledge of radio techniques and my intelligence.’
The two people mentioned are over six feet high, slim, and
dressed in identical fashion to F.M. Their hair is short and
brown, and their skin a light colour, like that of the Chinese.

They remain silent, standing there with arms crossed,
observing the scene.

F.M. draws the attention of X.X. to the machine in which
they have come. It is of the size of an automobile, has the shape
of an American football, and its surface is nickelled.

X.X.: ‘What are they doing here?’
F.M.: ‘Supposedly investigating.’
X.X.: ‘What sort of investigating?’
F.M.: ‘Investigating.’
X.X.: ‘From where do they come?’
F.M.: ‘Supposedly from Venus.’
The stranger adds that they are greatly interested in the
Milwaukee Depth.

Then F.M. says: ‘Step back. We are about to leave.’
The dialogue has lasted some five minutes. Just as the three
individuals are about to depart, F.M. turns round and tells
X.X. not to worry if his car won’t start at once. He says
everything will return to normality.22

I decided to make enquiries about this case. From Jorge
Martin, Puerto Rico’s leading investigator, I learned that
the incident allegedly took place on 22 September 1972.
‘X.X.’ is Virgilio Gomez Contreras, a sales manager of an
insurance company, while ‘F.M.’ is Freddie Miller, one of
the pioneers of television broadcasting in the Dominican
Republic.23

The reference to the Milwaukee Depth is interesting,
for several reasons. Firstly, this is the deepest part (9,200
metres, or 30,183 feet) of the Puerto Rico Trench, which
lies immediately north of the island. Secondly, many
residents of Puerto Rico believe that at least one alien
base exists on the island, and perhaps in the depths of the
Trench, since so many observations have been made of
objects entering or leaving the sea there. Thirdly, I have
learned from a well-connected source that certain extraterrestrials 
have a number of underground and undersea
bases on our planet, one of which is in the Caribbean
area. Furthermore, plate tectonics (the study of Earth’s
geology based on the concept of moving ‘plates’ forming
its structure) was mentioned by my source as an item of
interest on the alien agenda; in particular, tectonic plates
beneath our oceans. Finally, this is not the only story
alleging alien liaison with Earth people.


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day
After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London,
1997., pp. 182-3.
2.	Ibid., p. 181.
3.	Pallmann, Ludwig F., and Stevens, Wendelle C., UFO
Contact from Itibi-Ra: Cancer Planet Mission, UFO Photo
Archives, PO Box 17206, Tucson, Arizona 85710, 1986,
pp. 6-8.
4.	Biihler, Dr Walter, ‘UFO on the Sea near Rio5, translated by
Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 17, no. 3,
May-June 1971, pp. 3-7.
5.	Biihler, Dr Walter, ‘More Teleportations and Levitations’,
translated by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review,
vol. 19, no. 1, January-February 1973, pp. 28-9.
6.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘Itaperuna Again’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 18, no. 2, March-April 1972, pp. 13-14,
translated from Domingo Ilustrado, Rio de Janeiro, 17
October 1971.
7.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘Uproar in Brazil’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 17, no. 6, pp. 24-7, translated from several
Brazilian newspapers, including O Dia, Rio de Janeiro, 10
October 1971.
8.	Ibid., p. 26.
9.	Ibid., p. 28, translated from O Dia, 1 October 1971.
10.	O Cruzeiro (special issue on flying saucers), 1954,
translated by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review,
vol. 17, no. 3, May-June 1971, p. 7.
11.	Creighton, ‘Uproar in Brazil’, p.24.
12.	Romaniuk, Pedro, ‘Rejuvenation Follows Close Encounter
with UFO’, translated by Jane Thomas, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 19, no. 4, July-August 1973, pp. 10-14.
13.	Romaniuk, Pedro, ‘The Extraordinary Case of Rejuvenation’, 
translated by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 19, no. 5, September-October 1973, pp.
14.-15.
14.	Thomas, Jane, ‘The Contactee of Tres Arroyos: Some
Thoughts’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 19, no. 5,
September-October 1973, p. 16.
15.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘Underwater UFO Base off
Venezuela?’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 21, no. 1,
published June 1975, pp. 9-13.
16.	Nazione, Italy, 29 July 1973, translated by Mary Boyd,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 19, no. 6, November-December
1973., p. 29.
17.	United Press International (UPI), Lima, 22 October 1973.
18.	Creighton, Gordon, ‘George Adamski Still Casts his
Shadow’, Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, supplement
no. 18, February 1974, p. 12, translated from El Comercio,
Lima, 23 October 1973.
19.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp.
381.-2, translated from El Comercio, Lima, 25 October
1973.
20.	Hecker, R.C., ‘New Mexico Reports’, The APRO Bulletin,
vol. 23, no. 2, September-October 1974, p. 5.
21.	Associated Press (AP), La Paz, Bolivia, 9 November 1973,
translated by Bill Armstrong from La Nueva Provincia, 10
November 1973, published in Skylook, Mutual UFO
Network, no. 82, September 1974, p. 17.
22.	Freixedo, Salvador, ‘UFOs over the Caribbean’, translated
by Gordon Creighton, Flying Saucer Review Case
Histories, supplement no. 14, April 1973, pp. 9-10,12.
23.	Interview with the author, 22 May 1997.


=========================================================
Chapter 17. DISQUIETING DEVELOPMENTS

Australia’s harsh, remote Sturt Desert, covering the
borders of South Australia, New South Wales and
Queensland, was reportedly the scene of a bizarre,
disquieting encounter early in January 1974. The
witness, ‘Ben’, an ornithologist from Adelaide and the
author of several books on that subject, was with a lady
companion, searching for the fossils that abound in that
desert. Their exact location, a place called Clifton Bore,
is in South Australia, about 250 miles north-northwest
of Broken Hill, New South Wales.

At around 13.30, Ben was over a mile away from his
station wagon. He had asked his companion, who was
unfamiliar with the terrain, to keep the car in sight at all
times. It was at this point that Ben felt he was being
watched. Suddenly, two small beings, about a metre in
height, approached him. As Kevin McNeil, author of an
article on the case, wrote:

These beings were humanoid, indeed human-looking in many
respects. They appeared to be males, with short, average-cut
hair styles . . . dressed in a skin-tight, silvery covering, not
unlike a diver’s suit. The clothing appeared to be seamless.

Their faces were normal, the colouring like a very light suntan;
their heads, however, were elongated at the rear ... Their arms
were considerably shorter than a comparable human’s.

The beings spoke in a rapid, unintelligible language.

Though alarmed, Ben did not feel threatened; when they
beckoned him to follow them, he did so. About 50 feet
away appeared a silver-coloured object, which he had
not seen before. Shaped like a ‘hot dog roll’, it had no
visible seams, doors, windows or protrusions. By Ben’s
estimate, it was about 25 feet long and four feet high. A
doorway opened at the centre of the craft, and the beings
motioned him to enter. What he encountered inside left
him totally confounded. As he bent down and stepped
inside, he found to his astonishment that the interior was
vast. ‘You could have fitted a full-sized battleship inside,’
he told the investigator. ‘How can this happen? It was 25
feet long and four feet high, I know that - I could see
over the top - but inside, it was enormous . . . space
meant nothing.’

Inside were 20 or so similar beings, at least four of
whom were females, with longer hair. All seemed to be
about the same age, with no facial ageing lines: it was as
if they grew to about one metre tall, and about twenty-
five years of age, then stopped growing and ageing.

Rejection

The alien beings offered Ben a drink from a silver
metallic tumbler. Though afraid to drink it, he was more
afraid of the consequences if he refused. After taking the
drink, he passed out. Asked later to describe the taste, he
was unable to relate it to any with which he was
acquainted.

On recovering consciousness, he found himself lying
on the floor of the craft. The two aliens were still near
him, and somehow he felt that he had been ‘rejected’. He
reflected that perhaps this was due to his age (he was 38
at the time) or an illness from which he was then
suffering. (If this was the case, an interesting parallel can
be drawn with the abduction of Alfred Burtoo in
Aldershot, England, in 1983. As described in Beyond
Top Secret, Burtoo was rejected by the small-sized
aliens, who, having examined him, said he was ‘too old
and infirm’ for their purpose.1 Burtoo, at the time, was
40. years older than Ben.)

The Interior

Although the aliens continued talking among themselves, 
Ben felt, telepathically, that he ‘knew’ what was
going on. ‘He felt no hostility directed at him,’ reported
McNeil, ‘and apart from his two “guardians”, the other
crew members paid him no attention.’
These crew members were walking around, talking
among themselves, switching switches on and off. There
were seven or eight TV screens, showing interior and
exterior scenes, and one that was showing what
appeared to be motors of some kind, although he could
not see them physically himself. There was also a large,
mirror-like screen on the wall, with dots, Catherine-
wheel-shaped images (perhaps spiral galaxies?) and
some strange images and symbols that he could not
understand.

Together with his ‘guards’, Ben walked around the
interior. The floor surface was of a shiny metallic
substance that was neither hard nor slippery. The
atmosphere inside was normal; neither he nor the aliens
required breathing apparatus. Ben did not know how,
nor could he understand it, but he felt that the aliens
themselves were able to get from one place to another by
means of thought alone.

A Shock

Ben was profoundly shocked by what he saw next: two
human female children; one appearing to be 12 or 13
years old, the other eight or nine years old. Both were in
a cage-like structure.

Ben, the father of five children, became very emotional on the
tape at this point [and] was unable to describe the ‘cage’
properly . . . He stated that it was ‘neat’ and that the two girls
seemed to be in some type of trance. They did not appear to
comprehend what was going on around them. They had plenty
of room inside this ‘cage’, but were not moving, just standing
there. Ben did not know if they could see him or not; they made
no sign. They were European (that is, white) and were dressed
normally. The aliens, walking around, doing their chores
aboard the craft, paid absolutely no attention to the girls.

Ben felt that the aliens planned to take the girls with
them to where the aliens had come from, but he felt he
had been rejected because he was of no use to them.

A Problem of Contact

Ben became aware of a buzzing sound, like motors of
some sort, though he could not see the source of the
noise. With the opened doorway now before him, he
took his chance. Stepping out of the craft, he found
himself back in the desert. He walked away and was not
stopped.

On returning to the car and his companion, Ben
learned that an hour and a half had passed since he
began looking for fossils. ‘He wrote down what
happened to him within one hour of returning,’ said
McNeil. ‘During his interview he was constantly
referring to these notes. He was mostly disturbed about
the children.

‘Did this happen? I believe it is possible that it did, due
to the emotion and detail supplied by Ben,’ commented
McNeil. ‘It is, unfortunately, to be expected that the
sceptics and “professional” UFO debunkers should
jump up and down pouring scorn and vitriolic hyperbole
on the alleged witness to close contact activity.’
UFOs are constantly ignoring scientific protestations of their
non-existence and are continually returning, from wherever
they come from, to the earth we know and think we
understand ... objective, scientific investigation could enhance
Man’s knowledge of himself, his world, and the universe he
lives in.2

MAYDAY!

‘Mexico Centre from X-Ray Alpha Uniform. Mayday!Mayday!’
The young pilot’s voice was desperate as he contacted
Mexico City’s Benito Juarez International Airport
control tower. It was 12.15 on 3 May 1975.
‘Come in, X-Ray Alpha Uniform.’
‘My aircraft is out of control ... I have three
unidentified objects flying around me; one came under
my aircraft and hit it. The landing gear is locked in and
the controls won’t release them. My position - I am on
the Radial 004 from the VOR [VHF Omnidirectional
Range] Tequesquitengo - I am not controlling the plane
-	Mexico Centre, can you hear me?’

Fig. 23. A sketch of one of the three objects.

‘Taken note, X-Ray Alpha Uniform . . . We are
contacting [appropriate] authorities.’

Carlos de los Santos Montiel, the 23-year-old pilot,
was flying in his Piper PA-24 Comanche (registration
XB-XAU) from Zihuatenajo, State of Guerrero, to
Mexico City, a distance of some 180 miles, when, he
claims, an object, about 10 feet in diameter, shaped like
two plates joined together with a small cupola on top
(see Fig. 23), positioned itself just above his starboard
wing. A glance to the left revealed another object just
above the port wing.

‘I was petrified, after I saw a third object which
seemed about to collide head-on with the windshield,’
Carlos told airport officials. ‘But it went beneath the
aircraft and I heard a strange noise from below as
though it had collided with the underside of the plane.’
The Piper’s airspeed dropped from 140 to 120
nautical miles per hour. Carlos tried banking to the left
in an attempt to ‘bump’ the object away from his plane,
but the controls were frozen. He then tried lowering the
landing gear, though to no avail. The Mexico control
tower contacted Ignacio Silva la Mora, Carlos’s uncle,
an aircraft expert, who talked with Carlos on the radio
to analyse the problem and assist with landing
preparations.

By the time Carlos had reached the Ajusco radio
beacon, he found that his aircraft had risen from 15,000
to 15,800 feet. At this point, the objects left, one by one,
heading in the direction of the Popocatepetl and
Ixtaccihuatl volcanoes. Control of the aircraft was
regained. Meanwhile, at Mexico City International
Airport, runways were closed and preparations made for
an emergency landing. After 40 minutes of circling,
Carlos managed to lower the undercarriage after adjustments 
to the control lever with a screwdriver, and the
plane landed safely on a grassy area between two
runways.

Immediately, Carlos was taken to the airport clinic,
where he was examined and pronounced fit. Three days
later the airport’s chief of the Aviation Medicine
Department, Dr Luis Amezcua, completing neurological,
physical and psychiatric tests, inferred that Carlos might
have been hallucinating as a result of low blood sugar
(hypoglycaemia), because he had not eaten prior to the
incident since 20.00 the previous night. It was also
inferred, by a chief inspector from the Civil Aviation
Directorate, that Carlos may have hallucinated because
he had been flying too high without oxygen. The latter
hypothesis fails to account for the radar evidence.

Radar Confirmation

According to Julio Interian Diaz, Airport Terminal
Radar Controller, the blip of Carlos’s plane - the only
one in the sector at that time - was seen on radar when
it was 43 miles from the Mexico City Airport. Radar
registered another aircraft going in a different direction
from Carlos’s plane, and which executed a 270-degree
turn in a radius of three or four miles at a speed of
450.-500 nautical m.p.h.3 ‘Normally a plane moving at
that speed needs eight to ten miles to make a turn like
that,’ air traffic controller Emilio Estanol told reporters.
‘In my seventeen years as an air traffic controller I’ve
never seen anything like that.’4

Men in Black

Carlos de los Santos Montiel’s story received extensive
coverage in the Mexican media. When Pedro Ferriz, the
well-known television personality and ufologist, invited
Carlos to appear on his programme, the rather retiring
young pilot reluctantly agreed. As Carlos drove down
the freeway on his way to the television studio, a black
Ford Galaxy pulled in front of him. ‘Through the rearview 
mirror he could see an identical car just behind
him,’ reported Jerome Clark, a leading American
researcher.

Both vehicles looked brand new, almost as if they were being
driven for the first time. The cars started to crowd him and
soon Carlos’ car had been forced over to the side of the road.

Alarmed, he stopped his vehicle and was about to get out when
the Galaxies also pulled over and four tall, broad-shouldered
men jumped out.

One of the men put his hands on the door as if to
prevent Carlos from getting out. ‘Look, boy,’ he said, in
a rapid, rather mechanical-sounding Spanish, ‘if you
value your life and that of your family too, don’t talk any
more about this sighting of yours.’ Carlos was too taken
aback to respond.

The men, dressed in black suits - traditional garb since
the 1950s for the so-called ‘men in black’ (MIBs), who
have often been reported to threaten UFO witnesses -
were described as ‘Scandinavian’ in appearance, with
unusually pale skin. They returned to their cars and
disappeared in the traffic. Intimidated, Carlos went
straight back home. Later, he told Ferriz about the
incident, who managed to assure him that nothing would
come of it; that such threats by the MIBs had proved to be
empty in other cases. Reluctantly, Carlos agreed to
reschedule the interview.

One month later, Carlos met Dr Allen Hynek, the
distinguished UFO researcher and former consultant to
Project Blue Book, who was travelling in Mexico at the
time. At an initial meeting, Hynek invited Carlos for
breakfast the following morning to discuss details of his
aerial encounter. At 06.00, Carlos left his house and
drove to the Mexicana Airlines office, where he had
applied for a job as a pilot, then proceeded to Hynek’s
hotel. As he climbed up the steps he was approached by
one of the men who had threatened him a month earlier.
‘You were already warned once,’ the man said. ‘You are
not to talk about your experience.’
‘All I did was accept an invitation,’ said Carlos. ‘Dr
Hynek wants to know what I saw and I thought that
maybe I could understand it better myself if I talked with
him.’
‘Look, I don’t want you to make problems for
yourself,’ snapped the man, pushing Carlos back several
feet. ‘And why did you leave your house at six this
morning? Do you work for Mexicana Airlines? Get out
of here - and don’t come back!’ Carlos obeyed.

That was Carlos’s last encounter with the mysterious
men in black. ‘They were very strange,’ he told Jerome
Clark and Richard Heiden two years later. ‘They were
huge, taller than Mexicans are, and they were so white.

But the strangest thing of all is that all the while they
were in my presence I never saw them blink.’5
Disturbing though this story is, Carlos at least lived to
tell the tale. As described in Beyond Top Secret, another
young pilot, Frederick Valentich, disappeared for ever
following his encounter with an unknown flying machine
during a flight from Melbourne to Tasmania, in October
1978.6

A REPAIR STOP IN LEEDS

Jan Siedlecki, born in Poland in 1919, came to live in
England during the Second World War. He does not
recall the precise date of his alleged encounter with an
alien vehicle that landed near a housing estate in a
suburb of Leeds, England, but believes it was during the
summer of 1976.

At the time of the incident, Siedlecki was working
overtime at Brydon’s Garage, Cross Gates. It was about
01.00 on a hot, humid night when he put down his tools,
walked the short distance home and retired to bed.
i.

Fig. 24. Drawings by investigator Mark Birdsall, projected from Jan
Siedlecki’s own sketches. (A) How the ‘turbine’ underneath the craft
appeared, and (B) one of the inverted mushroom-shaped landing legs.

Suddenly, a brilliant white glow flooded the bedroom.

Thinking the garage might have caught fire, Jan jumped
out of bed. What he saw was a strange craft, hovering
around 10 to 15 feet off the ground, wobbling, as if
trying to land. The craft was saucer-shaped, of a
glistening deep-blue colour. Jan put on his shirt, trousers
and slippers, and headed outside. The time was now
02.00.

Jan dashed across York Road (a dual carriageway)
then hid behind a fence to watch the strange machine as
it hovered above a large expanse of grass, about 75 yards
away, which backed on to a large housing estate. ‘Jan
watched very carefully as the object finally managed to
rest on the ground,’ reported researcher Mark Ian
Birdsall, who headed an investigation by the Yorkshire
UFO Society (now Quest International). ‘There had been
complete silence and the witness was still looking
around to see if there were any other people or cars
passing. He then looked carefully at the underside of the
object. He could now see three “legs” which Supported
the object. At this point he was very frightened.’
A few seconds later, Jan observed a tube descend from the
central underside of the object, which he says was a few feet
wide, and which reached the ground. Although the entire
object was dark, an unusual glow was pouring from the
underside, which he thought strange. ‘On one side there was
total darkness, and on the other an intense glow; you could
have cut the two with a pencil,’ he remarked.

The Humanoids

Suddenly, the tube opened ‘like a book’. Two humanoid
figures, approximately four feet tall, walked from the
tube and stood in front of the object. Noticing Jan, who
had positioned himself nearer the object, they beckoned
him to come closer. As he walked slowly towards them,
he heard a conversation taking place, but could not
understand the language. Jan stood in front of the
figures, who were wearing one-piece suits of a yellow-
orange colour, and a kind of helmet with a darkened
visor over the face area. They wore mittens on their
hands, so he could not see any fingers, and some kind of
boots or shoes which appeared to be integral to the suit.

At this point, Jan noticed a panel with a series of
square-shaped ‘switches’ and circular buttons on the
chest of each humanoid (see Fig. 25). When the
humanoids began adjusting these, Jan was surprised to
hear them speak recognizably. ‘We are in trouble with
ship, we will have to make repairs before we leave,5 they
said. ‘We apologize for the intrusion. As soon as
repaired, we go.’ The tone of the voices sounded ‘tinny’,
like a ten-year-old boy speaking. The switches and
knobs were operated only when the beings conversed
with Jan, so he assumed they were translating devices.

Fig. 25. Mark Birdsall’s drawing of the humanoids, based on Jan
Siedlecki’s description.

Frightened, Jan asked the men how their ship worked.
‘If you want to come, come. We go inside now,’ they
replied. ‘The lift will come down for you if you want to
come.’ Jan watched as the doors silently closed and the
tube moved rapidly upwards. A few seconds later, the
tube dropped down once more. As he bent down to walk
underneath the hull, which was about five feet off the
ground, he noticed two rows of what looked like small
rotor-blades rotating very slowly; one clockwise and the
other counter-clockwise (see Fig. 24).

Inside

Siedlecki was perspiring as he entered the tube, which
was glowing in a pale-blue colour. The doors closed ‘like
a book’; to his surprise, he could now stand straight. The
doors opened out into a metal ‘cabin’. Standing on a
shiny surface, he immediately became aware of a smell as
of ‘rotting grass’. The two humanoids led him up a
sloping ramp that spiralled around what he took to be
the ship’s inner perimeter, then into a room they referred
to as the ‘cooling system’.

Around the edge of this room lay a two-foot-wide
channel of flowing water, with some kind of green grass,
about two feet high, growing out of it. As he moved with
the men to another room or compartment, Jan asked
them how the ship flew. There was no reply, but he had
the impression that they were on the point of showing
him the ‘engine room’. ‘How fast does the ship fly?’ he
asked. ‘B13,’ came the cryptic reply. Then another door
opened. Peering into the semi-light compartment, he
noticed in a far corner four or five crouched figures, with
their heads in between their hands and knees. Unlike the
other two humanoids, they were dressed in black one-
piece suits, with no helmets, and had brown hair. The
figures were gathered beside a circular pool containing a
black, bubbling, oil-like substance, from which flashes of
red light darted into the air.

As reported in many other contacts, the lighting
source itself could not be discerned. ‘There were no
visible lighting points,’ Jan explained. ‘The light inside
the ship was constant; an unusual yellowish-orange light
coming from all the panels. There were no windows or
visible openings.’ Gazing towards the ‘ceiling’, Jan saw
what he thought was the central dome of the ship. Then,
a football-sized ball of orange light (which could have
been a probe) darted around the room in stops and
starts. ‘At this point, he heard many footsteps, as if there
was panic,’ Birdsall reported. ‘One of the men very
politely informed Jan that he would have to leave,
explaining that they had got a “space-bug”. Jan was
ushered down the spiralling staircase and into the tube.

When Jan was inside, the man said, “When you get out,
run!” ’ The door opened and Jan ran quickly back to his
former position behind the fence.

A Noisy Departure

Now sweating profusely, Jan stared at the craft. No
windows or lights could be discerned, only the dark blue
of the object and the intense glow emanating from its
underside. Suddenly, he heard a loud, high-pitched
whistling sound.

The front portion of the object tilted forward like a helicopter
and remained stationary for a few seconds. The object was
now clear of the ground. The tripods and tube lifted inside the
object, the whistling intensified, then the object shot away at an
angle of 45 degrees into the sky, taking only three or four
seconds to reach the thick cloud cover. Jan still managed to see
the object for a while after it had broken through the clouds,
with red ‘fire’ pouring out from its underside. Just before it hit
the clouds, there was a terrible noise; the whistling grew louder
and louder. ‘It must have been heard by the whole area,’ he
said.

Jan remained in position for a while, then walked
carefully over to the landing site. He noticed that the
grass, as well as the ambient temperature, was very
warm. The whole incident lasted between 20 and 25
minutes. Arriving home, he washed, returned to the
bedroom and told his wife what had happened. She did
not believe him.

Discussion

Jan and the investigators remained puzzled by the fact
that, although the object reportedly landed near a dual
carriageway and a housing estate, it was neither seen nor
heard by any neighbours; at least, none reported the
incident. ‘When I was running towards the ship,’ Jan
told the investigators, ‘I was constantly looking for other
people and cars.’7 That a dark object was not observed
by others is not surprising, though the noise should have
been heard, but lack of supportive testimony does not
itself negate the event. One explanation might be that the
occupants of the craft were able to exert some sort of
‘influence’ over the surrounding area; an explanation
given by aliens to several other contactees and
abductees.

There is an interesting parallel with Jan’s case in the
encounters of Ben and some others. Jan estimated the
diameter of the object to be about 20 feet and its height
about 10 feet. He said that he walked up three levels, and
on each floor was able to stand upright; since he is five
feet six inches tall, one could assume the height of the
craft to have been well over 10 feet. In an attempt to
rationalize this inconsistency, Jan explained that the
seven or so steps up to each level sloped very gradually.

That still would not explain it, in my view. Jan himself
admitted that the object appeared much larger on the
inside than it looked when he was on the outside. ‘It
could quite easily accommodate 20 or 30 persons,’ he
added.

Grass at the landing site died soon after the incident,
and Jan said it was four years later before even weeds
would grow there.

Friends, neighbours and an employee testified to
Siedlecki’s integrity, as did the investigators. ‘I believe
Jan and the case to be genuine,’ concluded investigator
William Tree. ‘The description of the inside of the object
is so bizarre. Jan never altered his story, although he
himself knew the data were unbelievable.’8 In 1986, 10
years or so after the alleged incident, I was introduced to
Jan by Mark Birdsall. He seemed a believable witness,
still emotionally affected by his unbelievable encounter,
with no hidden agenda nor ulterior motive. He died in
1992.

AN ATLANTIC ENCOUNTER

It was 23.40 on 22 December 1977. Captain Walt
Hammel and co-pilot ‘Slim’ Dickson (pseudonyms) were
flying in a Trans World Airlines (TWA) plane about 600
miles out over the Atlantic at 21,000 feet, bound for
Boston’s Logan International Airport. The weather was
clear except for some widely scattered clouds beneath
us,’ Hammel related to investigator Donald Todd, the
day after this incident. ‘We had just been having a cup of
coffee and Slim had set his cup on the panel next to his
right elbow. As he put the cup down, he glanced out to
what would be between one and two o’clock, and
suddenly he grabs me by the arm.’
Reflexively I swiveled my head to look at him and caught this
dazzle of twinkling lights coming at us from the starboard side,
just ahead, and appearing maybe about 50 feet below.

Instantly Slim and I realized that whatever the thing was, it was
moving in a hurry, that it was entirely too close, and appeared
to be about to cross in front of, or about to collide with us. And
it was huge!

I slammed on some power, hauled the nose up and prayed
we’d go over the top of that thing. Just as we started to climb,
this thing swept straight up, did an impossible right-angle turn
and begins to pace us. I don’t see how anything could have
executed a maneuver like that - I mean almost a simultaneous
two-directional turn - up and to the right, not to mention
coming to damned near a dead stop.

We couldn’t detect any sound, any prop or jet wash, nor see
any exhaust. It just kept flashing a lot of lights around the
middle. Once we leveled off again, the thing stayed just ahead
of us off to our right and we had a chance to observe it. We
couldn’t see any hard outline or shape to it, but you could tell
it was almost circular because of the lights [which] were mostly
white . . . There was a red blinking light on top of the thing
with all those twinkling, silvery-white lights on around the
middle ... A little later the thing rose up and there was another
red blinking light on the bottom of it... It looked as if about
every dozen or so lights around the middle, there was a
reddish-purple one, and in between them, there was a blue one.

But they were all blinking off and on intermittently.

I don’t mind telling you I was nervous as hell, and Slim, he
was chalk white and scared stiff. It suddenly occurred to me,
what if the passengers are watching that thing? What am I going
to tell them? I didn’t want panic back there, so I buzzed the
stewardess . . . evidently none of the passengers had spotted it.

The object may just have been far enough forward to be out of
their sight line.

Further Developments
‘While we were watching the UFO, suddenly this other
glowing thing drops out from underneath it [that]
looked like a neon-green smoke ring,’ continued
Hammel. ‘It dropped away from the larger UFO down
toward the water, and submerged.’
We saw the glowing green circle of water where it went in, and
then the glow disappeared. Seconds later, two more green rings
dropped out. The second one dropped away and submerged
like the first one, but the third one dropped down and then shot
straight ahead to disappear toward the coast.

Slim and I finally came to the conclusion that the big one
must have been all of 100 feet across, or maybe even more. By
comparison, the smaller ones looked like they might have been
20.	feet across. I guess the big UFO paced us for about 20
minutes, then all of a sudden the lights around the middle
began going out in clusters - not in banks of say, six or eight in
a row, but six or eight separate, individual lights at the same
time . . . The top and bottom blinking red lights went out too,
with only scattered blue lights around the middle still blinking.

As our eyes became accustomed to the dark again, we could
faintly see the silhouette of [what looked] like two inverted
shallow soup bowls put together. Then very faintly, just above
the mid-lateral line, we could see a soft subdued green glow
emanating from what appeared to be trapezoidal-shaped
windows . . . wider at the bottom than at the top. Just about
the time our eyes got focused on the windows, the thing
assumed an overall bluish corona. Then it took off straight
ahead .. . leaving nothing in front of us but a blue streak in the
sky. It was positively the damnedest thing I’ve ever seen. When
we finally came in to Logan, we must have hit the runway half
a dozen times . . .
‘After a previous encounter reported to the FAA
[Federal Aviation Administration], and upon ensuing
company and other authoritative harassment,’ explained
Donald Todd, ‘[Hammel] has sworn never to report
another UFO encounter. Fortunately, he has confidence
in [my] discretion.’9
In several interesting respects, the TWA case brings to
mind the Atlantic encounter reported by US Navy aircrew 
in 1951 (see pp. 115-19).

I must stress that the professional and personal
mentality and sense of responsibility that characterizes
the behaviour and attitudes of aircraft pilots and other
crew members, in particular those transporting
passengers, precludes the likelihood of contriving a UFO
report for gaining attention, or for entertainment.

THE ‘CHUPA-CHUPA’ EPIDEMIC

Since 1946, Brazil has been the source of many alarming
reports about alien activity, perhaps owing to its many
inaccessible areas where the entities can carry out their
agenda with impunity. In 1977, remote areas of the
states of Para and Maranhao were plagued by what the
local people called the ‘vampire light’ or luz chupa-
chupa. The Brazilian Air Force sent in teams of
investigators from the First Air Zone Command
(1COMAR), and at least one incident attracted an
investigation by Brazilian Naval Intelligence.10

Bob Pratt, a respected American journalist who has
travelled extensively in northeast Brazil researching the
chupa-chupas and who is the author of an important
book on disturbing encounters in northeast Brazil,11
learned that UFOs were seen almost every night from
April to July 1977 in the area of the town of Pinheiro.

The Mayor, Manoel Paiva, told Pratt that he estimated
that as many as 50,000 people had witnessed sightings.

Typically, a big ball of fire would descend and then
hover 300 to 400 metres above the town. Some said it
hurt their eyes to look at it, others claimed it made them
feel sick. Fishermen and farmers reported being chased
or injured by the objects. Invariably, the ‘ball of fire’
seemed attracted by other light of any kind.12

An Alien Environment

At 01.00 on 10 July 1977, Jose Benedito Bogea, a
prosperous chicken farmer who lived six kilometres
from Pinheiro, was walking into town to catch a bus to
Sao Luis. The night was very dark. ‘Suddenly, a bright,
greenish-blue light appeared in the sky and chased me
for about 200 metres,’ he told Pratt.

Then it circled over a bush in front of me and stayed there,
three or four metres above the ground, for just a fraction of a
second. I could see a V-shaped thing 15 to 20 metres long, with
a beam of orange light going down to the ground. I raised my
arm and shone my flashlight at it, and in an instant I saw a
bright flash of light. It knocked me down, and I felt like I’d had
an electrical shock. Then I passed out.

On recovering consciousness, Bogea says he found
himself in a strange ‘city’, with wide avenues and
beautiful gardens. ‘I looked for the sun, but I didn’t see
it,’ he said. ‘I didn’t see any sky at all, just empty space.’
Bogea saw many people in the city, all looking very
much alike; about 30 years old, five feet tall, slender, and
nearly all dressed in grey and brown clothes; long gowns
for the women and tunics and trousers for the men.
‘They looked like us,’ Bogea elaborated. ‘Most were
light-skinned and had eyes of different colours: blue,
brown. The women were pretty and had long blond hair.

All the men had short hair, beards and mustaches.’
Although the people seemed to be talking to each
other, Bogea heard nothing. After having been observed
for a while in a large room, he was allowed to leave,
though he was followed. In one area, he encountered
what looked like small transportation devices; in
another, about 20 disc-shaped objects, though none like
the V- or triangular-shaped craft that had brought him
to the city. Eventually, Bogea was motioned to enter one
of the smaller ‘transporters’, at which point he again
became unconscious.

He next awoke at 08.30 and found himself beside a
highway near the port of Itaqui, eight miles west of Sao
Luis, more than 70 miles from where he had been
abducted. Suffering from terrible pain in his lower back
and his right side, he managed to hitch a ride home. For
eight days, he had no appetite, and for many weeks he
was obliged to use a cane to walk. Nevertheless, there
was one dramatic benefit from the encounter. At the time
of the abduction, he had been wearing strong eyeglasses.
‘But it wasn’t until I got home the next day that I realized
I’d lost them. Since then I haven’t needed to wear glasses
anymore . . .’13

‘Camburoes’

Weird, cylindrical-shaped objects, called camburdes by
local people, typically emitting powerful beams of light
that swept across terrains, were encountered frequently
by farmers and fishermen during the chupa-chupa
‘epidemic’ in Brazil. In July that year, another
frightening encounter was reported by Joao de Brito of
Vila de Piria, in the vicinity of the River Gurupi. As a
friend related:

It was 11.00 p.m., and he was sitting quietly in a hide among
thick bushes, awaiting game. An animal appeared, but
suddenly something flying in the sky threw down a beam of
light on to the animal, which made off. Joao himself couldn’t
escape. He felt the light bearing down on his body and felt his
strength being sucked out of him, and was sure he was going
to die. The flying thing was shaped like a cylinder, and he could
hear voices coming from it, in an unknown language. The thing
went away then, but it left him powerless [and] he ended up in
hospital.

By this time, few dared venture outdoors at night. cIt
is important to note,’ emphasized Dr Daniel Rebisso
Giese, author of a seminal book on the chupa-chupa
phenomenon, ‘that many local folk felt sure that the
UFOs came up out of the sea, because they had been seen
quite often doing precisely that and coming and shining
down their beams on to boats or on to villages.’14

The Woman in black

Dr Rebisso Giese refers to fascinating stories, originating
in the town of Braganca, Para, of encounters with the so-
called ‘Fish Woman’, thought to be connected with the
chupa-chupas, in July 1977. Described as fair-haired and
fair-skinned, the young woman was believed by some to
live alone on Cajueiro, a little island near Augusto
Correa. Local people were bemused by the fact that she
frequently bought large quantities of fish at the local
market - usually 100 or 200 kilos a time - presumably,
it was surmised, for the consumption of the
‘extraterrestrials’.

Rumours prevailed. Fishermen who ventured near
Cajueiro claimed to have seen the fish woman ‘walking
on the water’, and peculiar lights were often seen near
her cabin. One witness, Margarida, claims to have had a
brief conversation with the woman. As Rebisso Giese
reports:

Walking one day along a lonely road, she suddenly came face
to face with a pretty woman, dressed entirely in black, whom
she recognized as the ‘Fish Woman’. The latter was wearing a
blouse with tight-fitting sleeves right down to the wrists, and
her hands were encased in gloves. Enhanced by her long blonde
hair, her face seemed to probe into Margarida’s very soul. The
woman asked Margarida what she did, and how many children
she had, and ... was she not afraid to walk alone in that place?

And then, suddenly, she vanished from sight as though by
magic! Shaken and perplexed, Margarida went home, with a
severe headache.

Following coverage of these reports in newspapers in
Belem,15 officers of both Brazil's Air Force and Navy
intelligence services arrived in the area and began
making enquiries about the fish woman. Apparently,
little more was ascertained, beyond the discovery of an
envelope in her now abandoned cabin. The envelope,
mailed from France, was simply addressed to ‘Elizabeth’.
‘In the opinion of many folk,’ wrote Giese, ‘she was
connected with the UFOs, for when they vanished from
the area, she vanished too.’ Furthermore, according to
Dr W. Cecim Carvalho, a physician working in that part
of Brazil, there had been occasions when ‘beautiful white
women with fair hair’ had been seen aboard the UFOs.16

The Curtain of Silence

The craft reported at this time appeared to witnesses in
different shapes and sizes; often shaped like helicopters
or ray fish. Beams of light which emitted from them were
capable of penetrating solid matter, such as the roofs of
houses, and of targeting and paralysing people. By
October 1977, the populace was thoroughly alarmed,
particularly in Vigia, as this news report confirms:

Mayor Jose Ildone of Vigia will today be sending to the
Regional Headquarters of both the Army and the Air Force, in
Belem, an extensive account of what is happening in Vigia,
Santa Antonio do Taua and, in particular, an account of the
terror being experienced by the people of Umbituba. The
decision to do this was taken after the mayor had discussed the
matter with Vigia’s Chief of Police, Alceu Marcflio de Souza.17

As sometimes perhaps exaggerated stories about the
chupa-chupas proliferated, so the newspaper reports in
Amazonia became correspondingly less objective. In due
course, a curtain of silence descended on the matter.18

The chupa-chupas, however, remained active in
northeast Brazil.

SHOCKING ENCOUNTERS

In Alien Liaison, I alluded to the case of Luis Fernandes
Barroso, a once prosperous businessman and rancher
from Quixada, in the state of Ceara, Brazil, who on 23
April 1976 was struck by a beam of light from a
hovering aerial object. He did not recall what happened
after that. Barroso suffered nausea, diarrhoea, headaches 
and vomiting. Psychiatrists and other physicians
who examined him concluded that he had a brain lesion.

His speech deteriorated, and three months later his hair
turned white. Six months later, he lost all his mental
faculties and his behaviour regressed to that of an infant.

The case was investigated by Bob Pratt, who provided
many additional details in a 1990 report I published.

Barroso had been examined first in Quixada by Dr
Antonio Moreira Meghales, who later sent him to
Fortaleza, where he was examined by a dozen
psychiatrists and psychologists. After a lengthy stay in
hospital, he was sent home. Nothing more could be done
for him. Together with Dr Meghales and the principal
investigators, Reginaldo Athayde and Jose Jean Alencar,
Bob went to visit Barroso’s home, where he remained in
the care of a nurse. ‘He sits all day in a chair, staring,
occasionally moving his eyes but apparently seeing
nothing,’ wrote Bob. ‘He reacts to no stimuli, except that
when someone takes a photo of him with a strobe light,
as I did, he screams when he sees the flash.’19

Although we shall probably never learn what
happened to Barroso, the inference is that he was
abducted. He died in 1993, unrecovered from his sad
state.

On 24 March 1978, a 16-year-old boy named Luis
Carlos Serra disappeared in his home town of Penalva,
nearly 200 kilometres southwest of Sao Luis, Brazil. He
did not turn up until three days later, when a fisherman
discovered him lying dazed in the forest, unable to stand
up. He was taken to the local hospital and examined by
Dr Linda Macieira, who later told Bob Pratt that the boy
was completely dumb and had muscle contractions.

That was not all, as Pratt reports:

Four of his teeth were missing. Two had simply been broken
off, and one had been extracted completely . . . Luis also had a
full head of hair before this happened, but when Dr Macieira
examined him he appeared to be bald. At first she thought his
head had been shaved. On closer examination, however, she
discovered that his hair had been burned off. The scalp was not
burned, but the top of his ears were, very slightly, like sunburn.

Luis seemed to be paralysed. Dr Macieira tried to move his
arms and legs but could not. She pricked his arms and legs . . .
to test his reactions, but there was none at all. He went nine
days without eating or drinking anything, and had to be fed
intravenously [and] catheterized.

Several days later, Luis was flown to a larger hospital,
in Sao Luis, where he was examined by more than half a
dozen doctors, none of whom was able to say what had
happened to him. Three days later, Luis began to come
out of his paralysis. Still unable to talk, he motioned for
pencil and paper and wrote down his story.

He had been gathering guava fruit just inside the
forest at noon on Good Friday when he heard a loud
sound like a car horn above him. Looking up, he saw a
light, brighter than the sun, just above the trees, which
hurt his eyes. Suddenly, something made him fall flat on
his back and he was unable to move anything except his
eyes. He lay there for some time then began to rise into
the air, although he neither saw nor felt anything that
could have levitated him. As he rose, he could see a
round object above the trees, with four spheres on the
bottom, one of which was illuminated.20
‘When I got high enough,’ Luis told Bob later, ‘I could
see a dome on top and three windows that went all the
way around the dome. Only one window was open, and
I just entered it head first. It was about a metre square.

When I got inside, I fell down on the floor, but not
hard.’21 Inside the craft were three small beings, only a
metre tall, their faces obscured by helmets and visors.

They were moving around, talking in a loud, incomprehensible 
language, paying no attention to Luis.

Soon there came a rumbling sound and Luis felt the
machine moving. He was taken to a ‘strange land’ with no
sky or trees - just tall grass. Next, he was floated out of
the machine and placed on a flat stone or table.22 ‘I was
still paralysed,’ he said. ‘Then these little people came to
me and put a tube in my nose. It didn't hurt. Then they
put a transparent ball in my mouth, and the liquid just
went down my throat very quickly. I fell asleep then, and
I	don't know what happened after that until I woke up in
the jungle.’23

In his definitive book, UFO Danger Zone, subtitled
‘Terror and Death in Brazil - Where Next?’, as well as in
the report I published, Bob Pratt relates many more
disturbing, sometimes shocking encounters in northeast
Brazil, including apparently UFO-related deaths.

Jacques Vallee (who wrote the foreword to Pratt’s book)
has himself visited Brazil and spoken with some of the
witnesses, whom he found credible, despite their
incredible experiences.24
‘Wherever they come from, some UFO beings may be
kind and well-intentioned, but others definitely are not,’
states Bob Pratt. ‘UFOs may or may not be significant to
mankind in the long run, but until we find out, we
should treat them with the greatest of caution . . .’25


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp.
87.-93.
2.	McNeil, Kevin, ‘The Clifton Bore Incident’. Article
supplied to the author.
3.	‘UFOs Escort Mexican Aircraft’, The APRO Bulletin, vol.
24., no. 2, August 1975, pp. 1-3.
4.	Clark, Jerome, ‘Carlos de Los Santos and the Men in
Black’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 24, no. 4, July-August
1978., pp. 8-9.
5.	Ibid.
6.	Good, op. cit., pp. 168-78.
7.	Private report by Mark Birdsall, William Tree and Peter
Swallow, Yorkshire UFO Society, Leeds, 1984.
8.	Ibid.
9.	Todd, Donald R., ‘Underwater UFO with “Mother Ship” ’,
The APRO Bulletin, vol. 26, no. 10, April 1978, pp. 5-6.
10.	Giese, Dr Daniel Rebisso, ‘Extraterrestrial Vampires in the
Amazon Region of Brazil’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 39,
no. 3, autumn 1994, p. 8.
11.	Pratt, Bob, UFO Danger Zone: Terror and Death in Brazil
-	Where Next?, Horus House Press, PO Box 55185,
Madison, Wisconsin 53705, 1996.
12.	Pratt, Bob, ‘Disturbing Encounters in North-East Brazil’,
The UFO Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick &
Jackson, London, 1990, p. 106.
13.	Pratt, UFO Danger Zone, pp. 100-8.
14.	Giese, op. cit., p. 9.
15.	O Liberal, Belem, 10 July 1977; A Provmcia Do Para,
Belem, 11 July 1977.
16.	Giese, op. cit., p. 10.
17.	A Provmcia Do Para, 22 October 1977.
18.	Giese, op. cit., p. 13.
19.	Pratt, ‘Disturbing Encounters in North-East Brazil’, pp.
117.-18.
20.	Ibid., pp. 114-16.
21.	Pratt, UFO Danger Zone p. 112.
22.	Pratt, ‘Disturbing Encounters in North-East Brazil’, p. 116.
23.	Pratt, UFO Danger Zone, p. 114.
24.	Vallee, Jacques, Confrontations: A Scientist's Search for
Alien Contact, Ballantine Books, New York, 1990.
25.	Pratt, ‘Disturbing Encounters in North-East Brazil’, pp.
102., 124.


=========================================================
Chapter 18. BEYOND BELIEF

Though encounters with the proverbial and ridicule-
prone ‘little green men’ are rare, there are reports by
reliable witnesses which warrant our attention. Such is
the case in the following report from Poland, an incident
that occurred in the village of Emilcin, 140 kilometres
southeast of Warsaw, on the morning of 10 May 1978.

At about 08.00, Jan Wolski, a 71-year-old farmer,
was passing through a forest in his horse-drawn cart
when he noticed two individuals ahead, walking in the
same direction, but with ‘supple jumps’ like ‘divers on
the sea bed’. When one of them approached a muddy
patch, his feet seemed to ‘slide’ across the mud, as
reported in a number of other cases. When Wolski
caught up with the ‘hunters’, for that is what he took
them to be, they walked alongside the horse and cart for
a while then jumped aboard and sat down gently, one at
each side, gesturing to Wolski to carry on. (The added
weight caused the mare to exert extra effort.) Wolski
drove on while the ‘hunters’ exchanged some words in
an incomprehensible tongue. Shortly, as the cart
approached a clearing in the forest, a strange, almost
‘transparent white’ object could be seen, hanging in the
air about 70 metres away, emitting a faint humming
sound.

A Novel Contraption

Insofar as I am aware, the shape of that object was like
none ever reported. Described by Wolski as ‘like a short
bus, but with a roof like a barn’, it was about five metres
in length, three metres in width, and about 2.5 metres in
height. It shone, as if nickel-plated. No windows were
seen. As investigators reported:

At its four corners, and half-way up, it had on the outside
‘barrels’ with black vertical rods running through them and
carrying what looked like spirals rather reminiscent of
corkscrews [see Fig. 26]. These black rods were rotating very
fast. Their diameter was . . . around 30 centimetres. As for the
‘barrels’, their approximate dimensions were: height, about
one metre; diameter, possibly 80 centimetres. The length of the
black rods may have been about 1.5 metres.

Fig. 26. The bizarre contraption in which Jan Wolski was taken.

The ‘corkscrews’ emitted a range of colours, and the
‘barrels’ seemed to have been the source of the humming.

When closer to the object, Wolski said the sound was
like that of bumble-bees in flight. As though cast in one
piece, the craft’s surface was smooth, stainless and
seamless. At a height of some 50 centimetres from the
ground was suspended a ‘lift’, held by four thin cables
attached above the entrance to the craft, which had
descended as the trio approached. Stepping on to the
platform, one of the entities invited Wolski aboard,
gesturing to him that he should grasp the cables. After
rising rapidly, the ‘lift’ stopped in front of an opening
and Wolski was motioned inside.

Stepping into the object, Wolski paused, bracing himself with
his right hand against the entrance. Inside the chamber, the
walls of which were almost black, were two more beings
identical with the first two . . . The chamber was rectangular.

There was no internal lighting other than the daylight from the
open door. The walls, floor, and ceiling were a greyish black -
the same colour as the overalls of the occupants. The floor was
shining, ‘as though polished’. The walls were smooth and hard
to the touch, and made of a material resembling glass. Against
the four walls there were seats, each fastened by two black
cables.

No apparatus was seen inside the contraption, with the
exception of two black ‘tubes’ that ran from one gable
wall to the other and two holes, about 30 centimetres
apart, into each of which one of the entities inserted
alternately a smallish black ‘rod’. From floor to ceiling,
Fig. 27. An artist’s impression of one of the alien beings encountered
by Jan Wolski. (WKPiB UFO Klub Mozaika)
the height was about 1.8 metres. On the floor of this
cabin were about ten crows or rooks, which seemed to be
paralysed, though they could move their heads and eyes.

The Beings

The four identical beings, of indeterminate sex, were
about 1.4 to 1.5 metres tall and had delicate, slim
figures. They were dressed in tight-fitting, flexible one-
piece suits of a greyish-black rubber-like material,
covering the entire body except the face and hands. No
pockets, belt or fasteners were seen. Their legs seemed
thicker than those of normal men, and from the way
these curved when the beings sat in the cart with their
legs hanging down, they looked like prehensile limbs. A
‘hump’ was visible on the shoulders, as though something 
was contained under the suits. The slim, greenish-
coloured hands had five fingers, between which were fine
membranes, except for the gap between thumb and
forefinger.

Their heads were relatively large, with faces of an
olive-green or greenish-brown hue, having high cheekbones 
that gave them an Asiatic appearance.

The eyes, almond-shaped, very long, were dark, and, according
to [one report], had nothing corresponding to what we call the
white of the eye. In the place of the nose, there was only a slight
protuberance with two small vertical openings . . . but
according to [another report] the nose was straight. The mouth
was straight, and thin . . . They had no lips. Their teeth were
white. No hair was visible on the face.

When the beings smiled, the month twisted to one side
with the effect of a grimace. Their speech was rapid and
delicate. Wolski felt no fear in their presence; indeed, their
polite, gentle manner inspired his confidence.

A Physical Examination

The beings indicated to Wolski that he should take off
his clothes, and one of them helped him undo his shirt
buttons. Facing him less than two metres away, one of
the beings held in each hand a grey disc-shaped object
that seemed to be attached to the hand by something like
a suction-pad. The discs were vibrating and emitting a
dull humming sound. Wolski was positioned with one
side facing towards the entity holding the discs, then
with his back towards him, and finally with the other
side. Each time, Wolski’s arms were raised alternately by
the entities, whose fingers were very cold. He believed
that when the discs were being moved around, he was
being ‘photographed’. During the process, he smelled an
odour similar to that of burning sulphur; a smell that
lingered in his clothing for days afterwards.

Wolski’s clothes were also examined by the beings.

Then, after looking inside his mouth, they motioned for
him to get dressed. When ready, he was shown the way
out. Wolski doffed his hat, bowed, and said goodbye.

The beings bowed likewise, smiling. The same lift took
him back almost to ground level, so that he was obliged
to jump down a short way.

Corroborative Evidence

Reaching his horse and cart, Wolski turned round to
look at the contraption. Two or three of the beings were
watching him from the entrance. He did not see them
leave. Once he was inside the cart, the mare galloped
towards home. There, ten minutes later, he told his
family all about the experience, then he lay down to
recover for a few hours. His family and some neighbours
headed for the site, but the object was not there. Traces
were found; however, these included relatively long,
almost rectangular footprints, uprooted stalks and
broken ears of maize, twigs and small branches pulled
from trees, evidence of soil samples having been taken -
and black feathers.

At a farmhouse 800 metres from the scene of Wolski’s
encounter, a mother was preparing a meal as her
children, Adas (aged six) and Agnieszka (four), played
outside. Between 08.00 and 09.00, the mother heard a
noise like thunder, though seeming to come from the
ground. Shortly afterwards, Adas came in to say that he
had seen an aircraft like ‘a little house’, or a ‘big box’, fly
low over the barn, coming from (it was later determined)
the direction of the landing site where Wolski had been,
then vanish vertically with a sound like thunder. Adas
said that the object was flying with one of its smallest
‘walls’ to the front, in which was a square window with
rounded corners, through which he saw a pilot. On the
edges of the wall, he said, were moving black rods, like
the feelers of a snail.

The first investigators, Witold Wawrzonek and Dr
Zbigniew Bolnar, found the witness truthful, forthright
and sound mentally and physically. Yet another
investigator, Dr Kietlinski, a psychologist, also found
Wolski to be honest. A devout Catholic, Wolski swore to
God the veracity of his testimony.

Like the British abductee, Alfred Burtoo, Jan Wolski
believed that the creatures were foreigners from Earth,
such as Chinese. He attributed their green skin colour to
make-up, or masks!1

Those familiar with the numerous publications,
personal accounts and memories about abductions,
wherein, predominantly, grey-coloured beings with huge
wrap-around almond-shaped eyes, slit mouths and only
nostrils for noses - the so-called ‘Greys’ - are described
repeatedly, will have been alerted by the partial
similarity of Wolski’s entity to the Greys, perhaps
wondering why more of these have not featured in this
book. The fact of the matter is that the overwhelming
majority of reports of the typical Greys (there are
variations) did not appear in print until the late 1970s.

There are earlier reports, such as the case of Carroll
Watts (see Chapter 14), whose ‘white or very light grey’
beings had wrap-around eyes of varying colours, small
slits in a nose-type bone structure, and ‘a straight line
with very thin lips’ for a mouth, and of course the
famous Barney and Betty Hill case of 1961, but such
cases are the exception rather than the rule; even then,
certain differences are evident.

CONTRASTING ITALIAN ENCOUNTERS

Giorgio Filiputti, a 47-year-old railway employee from
San Giorgio di Nogaro, in the northeastern Italian
province of Udine, was fishing in the River Corno at
Melaria, at about 15.30 on 18 September 1978, when he
heard a piercing whistle, like ‘something scything
through the air’. A few minutes later, having decided to
give up fishing because of the wind, he walked up to the
embankment.

Fig. 28. The craft and its occupant
encountered by Giorgio Filiputti, near
San Giorgio di Nogaro, Italy, in
September 1978. These illustrations were
made by Ugo Furlan after lengthy
discussions with the witness.

No sooner had he reached the top than he was
alarmed to see an unusual disc-shaped object standing
on a small dry mudflat no more than 20 metres away. As
Filiputti related to investigator Antonio Chiumiento:

It was four or five metres wide and it had a cupola on top [and]
was supported on three thick legs about 1.5 metres high. These
latter seemed to be divided into two parts, almost cylindrical in
shape, the upper part having a greater diameter than the lower
... I had the impression that they consisted of two tubes, one
sliding into the other [which] terminated in flat ‘plates’. The
object was totally smooth, without windows or portholes
[and] seemed to be made of a metal of a brassy or yellowish
colour which shone in the sunlight.

‘A Sort of Asian Pygmy’
‘Then, almost immediately,’ Filiputti continued, ‘I saw
someone appear, from right behind the cupola, who was
walking on the rim of the disc. My first thought for a
moment was [that he had] the physical appearance of the
inhabitants of certain Asian countries.’
His height was maybe about 1.30 metres [and] he was wearing
a completely tight-fitting overall, of the colour and brightness
of silver, which flashed and sparkled vividly in the sunlight,
and which left only the front part of the head, from the
forehead to the chin, exposed. On his feet he had boots of the
height of those worn by paratroopers and of a smoky black
colour [and] his hands were clad in white gloves [see Fig. 28].

His face, dark-bronzed, had almond-shaped eyes extending
back towards where his ears would be - which I did not see
because that part of the head was covered by the overall. Nose
and mouth were quite normal. From the moment that I
observed him, particularly his eyes, I could see that these were
wide open, with pupils that appeared to me to be a bit bigger
and a bit more protruding than those of certain inhabitants of
the Orient... the single-piece garment this being was wearing
looked as though fashioned entirely of ‘fish-scales’, and he was
wearing, approximately at waist-level, two containers of the
same colour as his boots.

‘When I caught sight of that “sort of Asian pygmy”, I
was overcome by a profound emotional disturbance due
partly to stupefaction and partly to fear,’ continued
Filiputti. ‘He too appeared to be gripped either by
surprise and bewilderment [or] unease at seeing me, as if
it had been completely unexpected for him.’

A Quick Repair Job

Becoming aware of Filiputti, the being halted
temporarily then continued walking, in a rapid and agile
manner, around the rim of the saucer. Finally he halted,
stooped down slightly, and touched something sticking
out near the base of the cupola. The gadget looked like
‘a sort of half-moon or horse-shoe . . . something semicircular’.


The individual kept on touching it with his hands for about
three or four minutes, and all the while that he was doing this
he kept repeatedly fixing his eyes on me ... maybe to make sure
that, while he was carrying out his task, I hadn’t managed to
get closer to the craft ... in my opinion there was almost
certainly something wrong with the craft, and this operation
was being carried out by him to repair it. . .

Then, having finished his task, he glanced again in my
direction for the umpteenth time and, following the same route
as before, vanished from my sight behind the cupola and into
the cabin, which no doubt was contained in the main body of
the craft, though not visible to me.

A Loud Lift-Off

A few seconds later I heard a very loud rumbling noise, like a
deafening clap of thunder, and then a very piercing whistle,
both coming from beneath the object, which began to rise
vertically. It went straight up, and slowly. As it rose vertically,
I was in a position to see its under-part. It was hemispherical
and its external surface looked . . . like a lozenge-patterned
grid. The landing gear was withdrawn into the craft almost
immediately after the take-off . . . Underneath I saw a bluish
. . . tongue of flame about 60 centimetres long, of the same
colour as burning kitchen gas. Then, when it had got to a
height of about 10 metres, the contraption quickly turned on
edge, so that for roughly a few seconds I was able to observe it
in narrow profile. It went off towards the southwest at a
tremendous speed ... and very rapidly appeared like a glowing
ball. It was totally out of sight in a few seconds.

Imprints from the landing gear, about 50 centimetres
in diameter, three centimetres deep, and spaced between
two and three metres apart, could clearly be seen at the
landing site.2

Like Alfred Burtoo and Jan Wolski, Giorgio Filiputti
was convinced that what he had seen was not
extraterrestrial in origin, but a highly advanced secret
aircraft, perhaps built by an Asian power.

Grotesque Goblins

It was shortly before noon on 24 November 1978. Sixty-
one-year-old Angelo D’Ambros, of Gallio, in the
northeastern Italian province of Vicenza, was gathering
firewood near Gastagh. Suddenly, he noticed two
ghastly-looking creatures watching him, suspended in
the air some 40 centimetres above the ground.

One of the creatures was about 1.2 metres in height,
the other a little shorter. ‘They were extremely thin, and
had a yellowish skin that was stretched so tightly that he
could see great veins standing out on the head and hands
of the bigger creature,’ reported Antonio Chiumiento.

Their heads were large and elongated, like pears, smooth and
bald, with enormous ears that rose straight up and ended in a
point. They had great white eyes, sunken and without eyelids,
set above a nose of pronounced dimensions which almost
reached down beyond the lower lip, the latter being pretty
fleshy, and large mouths displaying, at their extremities, two
long, pointed ‘tusks’. From immediately below the knee right up
to the neck, the two creatures appeared to be clad in dark, very
closely-fitting overalls, which also covered the arms as far as the
wrists, leaving the hands and the rest of the legs and the feet
uncovered. The hands and feet were of a remarkable size and
out of proportion to the rest of the body, with extremely long
fingers and long nails.

As though gliding, the smaller of the creatures began
moving back and forth rapidly, to either side of
D’Ambros, without moving its long feet. After shouting
for help at the top of his voice, the witness asked them
who they were and what they wanted of him, to which
the smaller creature responded unintelligibly, though it
was clear what they wanted - D’Ambros’s machete. A
struggle ensued, with the witness fending off the taller
creature, who repeatedly grabbed hold of the machete.

Fig. 29. The craft and creature seen at Gastagh, Italy, by Signor
Angelo D’Ambros. Sketch by Ugo Furlan, based on discussions with
the witness.

On two occasions, D’Ambros felt an electric shock go up
his arm. Managing to get hold of a large branch he had
cut, the witness threatened the grotesque goblins with it,
whereupon they scurried off. D’Ambros chased them to
a nearby clearing, where their saucer was parked.

It was disc-shaped, estimated to be four metres wide
and two metres high at the centre, with four aluminium-
coloured landing legs that had apparently sunk into the
ground a little. It appeared brightly coloured on the
upper section, including the cupola, but blue on the
lower half, with a white band around the centre.

Immediately, D’Ambros saw one of the goblins’ long
hands closing a sort of trap-door, located in the dome,
and a few seconds later the disc took off at an angle,
silently and at phenomenal speed, emitting a burst of red
‘flame’.3

These goblins resemble in some respects the creatures
who terrorized the Sutton family near Hopkinsville,
Kentucky, in 1955 (see pp. 234-5), though in that case,
aggressive behaviour was not displayed. Again, it is the
wide variety of entities and craft types and
configurations, though of the same basic kinds, that will
be surprising to first-time as well as to expert readers.

A LUFTHANSA ENCOUNTER OVER NEWFOUNDLAND

In 1994, Captain Werner Utter, for many years the chief
pilot of Lufthansa, revealed that he had witnessed
unknown flying craft on three occasions, the second of
which took place while he was flying at 30,000 feet over
the Atlantic, off the coast of Newfoundland, on 21
November 1978, at 09.55 GMT.
‘It seems we have a flying saucer in sight, very bright,
beaming rays, sometimes red, sometimes violet,’ Utter
reported to air traffic controllers. ‘It looks like a spider.’
The object, estimated to be 20 to 30 metres in diameter
and about a mile in front of the Boeing 747, was also
reported by the crew of a Trans World Airlines plane.

A few years later, Captain Utter and his crew
witnessed a gigantic cigar-shaped object, while flying
over the United Kingdom.4

Craft with spidery appendages have been observed
elsewhere: for instance, on 10 September 1976, Bill
Pecha saw a domed, circular ‘glowing thing’, about 150
feet across, above his house near Colusa, California. On
each side hung two pincer-like appendages about eight
feet long and six wavy, motionless ‘cables’, with frayed
ends, also hanging down. The craft, and some attendant
objects, caused a major power blackout in the area.5

A RESEARCH AND STUDY MISSION

‘Yes, it was true,’ said Jesus Antunes Moreira to Dr
Walter Biihler, ‘I really did see a flying saucer and I
talked with its crew.’
Dr Buhler, a physician, and one of Brazil’s leading
UFO researchers (who died in 1996), listened intently. It
had taken him a long while to track down Moreira, who
at the time of his experience, on 6 December 1978, was a
security guard at the Marimbonda Hydroelectric Plant
near the town of Fronteira, bordering the states of Minas
Gerais and Sao Paulo.
‘It was a bit after 8.30 p.m.,’ began Moreira, ‘and I
was up in the guard-house, right on top of the dam,
because it was raining at the time, and I was anxious to
keep dry. Suddenly I noticed that something was lighting
up the surface of the water in the dam. My curiosity
aroused, I stepped out of the guard-house and went to
see what it could be, and found myself looking at an
object which was slightly above the level of the horizon,
about 200 metres from me, and crossing the Rio
Grande.’

It was coming in my direction, and when it got closer, I could
make out that it was a space-craft about five metres wide and
three metres high, white in colour, and emitting a certain
amount of luminosity. It looked as though it was about to land
on top of the dam, maybe right by the power-house ... it
wasn’t making the slightest noise.

Getting more and more curious, I started walking along the
top of the concreted part of the dam, but the craft went past
where I was and then moved to the earthen part of the dam,
about 1.5 metres from the foot of it. I was now able to see that
its colour was not white, but a light grey. It had a door about
two metres high, with a little window in the upper part of it,
and it had a sort of platform running right round it.

By now it was only about seven metres from me. Then the
little window opened, and in it there appeared a face in many
respects very like a human face. Then the main door opened,
and from it came three beings dressed in blue overalls with a
metallic sheen. They were all very tall - two metres maybe -
and with quite long, black, smooth hair.

The men addressed the security guard in an unknown
tongue. Moreira responded that he would go and fetch
someone who perhaps could speak their language. ‘You
see,’ he explained, ‘I was still thinking that maybe - who
knows? - they might be some foreign engineers. When I
said I would go to one of the telephones that are strung
out along the 300-metre-wide top of the dam, one of
them gestured to me to step back.
‘At this stage, I began to get scared, and I felt for my
revolver, [with] the idea of firing a warning shot should
it be necessary. And indeed I did try to shoot, but the
revolver jammed, and would not fire.’
At that point, one of them went inside the machine and came
out with a black box, about the size of a shoe-box, and handed
it to one of the others, who was the one that had the longest
hair. I noticed that all of them were wearing rose-coloured
gloves, which were luminous, like their blue overalls. From
then on, I was able to understand perfectly what they were
saying to me, in Portuguese. They asked me if I was scared, and
told me to keep calm, because they said they had no intention
of doing me any harm. When I asked them what they wanted,
and where they came from, they said they were on a ‘research
and study mission’, and that, if I remained calm, I would soon
know all about it.

When one of the cosmonauts began gathering some
stones with a kind of grab at the end of a line, Moreira
objected. ‘That was enough for them to put away the
box and, without the slightest show of dissatisfaction or
displeasure, re-enter their craft.’6

This is one of a number of cases I have cited in which
the aliens seem to be on a research trip that involves
collecting Earth’s rock and soil samples. I do not find this
surprising: currently, that is what NASA’s Pathfinder
mission to Mars is doing and also what its Apollo
missions to the Moon did just over a quarter-century ago
as a primary mission - to collect and analyse rock and
soil samples.

AN ABDUCTION IN ARGENTINA

Thirty-four-year-old Julio Platner opened the front door
of his house on the prairie ranch where he worked, some
15. kilometres from Winifreda, in the Province of La
Pampa, Argentina. It was about 19.30 on 9 August
1983. Noticing a bright light approaching, he investigated. 
As he pulled up and got out of his van, the light
he had seen suddenly came straight at him, blinding and
paralysing him.7

‘It was as if a lorry were coming towards me,’ he
explained to reporters the following day, still disturbed
by his encounter. ‘I covered my head with my arms and
after that, I do not remember anything until I awoke
inside a room.’8 (In other reports, it is stated that Julio
first saw some small beings, then suddenly found
himself, with his van, inside a room.)9

When I awoke, I found myself lying on an ‘operating table’ and
I discovered four ‘beings’ around me. Two were beside me at
the top of the table, one clasping my shoulder with his hand (I
saw him but I did not feel his hand). In front of me, about two
metres away, there were two more beings, a man and a
woman. I moved my lips asking where I was and what they
wanted, but no sound came out. Nevertheless, they seemed to
understand me and answered mentally: ‘Don’t be afraid. We
would not harm you. What you are experiencing now has
happened to thousands of people before. You can reveal it if
you wish. Some will believe you and others will not.’10
Platner was then undressed.11 ‘I felt very calm and
comfortable,’ he continued. ‘The temperature inside was
quite pleasant. I was not afraid. I looked around and
gathered as many details as possible.’
Once the woman came close to me and put her hand on my
wrist, but I did not feel it. Then they put a strange artifact on
my left arm, with some kind of tube, 30 centimetres long, half
rigid and half flexible, and they took some blood. They did not
use any rubber band or needle, but I could see how my blood
raised inside the tube up to the middle, when they stopped. I
tried to touch the being at my back, but I struck something like
glass. I tried to stand up and my forehead struck [more] glass,
as if I were inside a glass cube.

Platner described the room in which he found himself
as spherically shaped, windowless, about three metres in
diameter, with walls of a soft beige colour. Though well
lighted, no source of light could be discerned. The only
fittings were the examination table on which he lay and
a type of glass ‘bookcase’ that glowed. After 15 to 20
minutes, Platner was ordered to stand up, which he
managed to do without touching the ‘glass’.12
‘They took all my valuables off me, but gave them
back afterwards,’ said Platner. ‘After that, I don’t
remember anything more, until I came to again and
found that I had been lying asleep on top of my van, on
a rural road leading to Villa Mirasol.’13

The Humanoids

‘They were humans,’ insisted Platner. ‘His body had
human shape from neck to feet, which were like boots.

Their five-fingered hands seemed to be covered by
gloves. But there were no boots . . . They had no
uniform, or their own skin was their uniform, close-
fitting, without holes or seams, all in one piece including
face and head, like rubber.’

The head was different from ours; hairless, short nose, small
mouth and ears flatter against the side of the head. The most
alien feature was their eyes; circular, without eyelashes and
bulging out of the face, with a small protuberance in its middle.

They were about 1.65 or 1.70 metres tall... The ‘woman’ was
exactly like the men, with greyish, whitish or greenish skin or
uniform, but I think she was a woman because she had female
shapes (breasts) and she was quite thin. They showed no
emotions, made no face movements except with their lips (but
without noise). Sometimes they seemed like robots.

Corroboration

Some employees of the Argentine National Telecommunications 
Board told reporters that the telegraphic
link between Winifreda and the nearby town of Eduardo
Castex was interrupted in precisely the same area, and at
the same time, as Platner’s abduction. Furthermore, two
of Platner’s neighbours said that the pictures on their TV
sets disappeared for several minutes, also at the same
time. Horses in a nearby paddock seemed unusually
disturbed: the following day they were found on another
part of the estate and it took a lot of effort to return them
to their normal grazing area.

Platner had an excellent reputation locally, and most
people believed him. His physician, Dr Adolfo Pizarro,
showed the press marks on Platner’s right wrist and
elbow where blood had apparently been extracted, one
of which was right on a vein.14

Julio Platner’s encounter took place three nights
before that of Alfred Burtoo, who was abducted in
Aldershot, England. There were interesting similarities,
and because we may be certain that neither witness was
aware of the other’s story, it is worth putting those
similarities on the record. Initially, Burtoo was attracted
by a brilliant light as he was fishing beside the
Basingstoke Canal in the small hours of 12 August 1983.

He was then approached by two small beings and
escorted into a craft parked on the canal towpath. Two
other, similar beings were on board. As in Platner’s case,
all four beings were of the same size, dressed in pale-
green one-piece coveralls that covered the hands and
feet, and which appeared to be moulded on to their thin
bodies - ‘like plastic’, Burtoo told me. No facial features
could be discerned, unfortunately, because these were
covered by visors.15

Burtoo’s abduction was recalled consciously, and
though Platner blacked out at the moments when he was
taken on board and released from the craft, he recalled
most of the event without recourse to hypnosis.

MADAME X AND THE HANDSOME HUMANOIDS

In the stereotypical abduction scenario, small bug-eyed
beings appear in witnesses’ bedrooms prior to beaming
them aboard their spacecraft. In the following case, four
beings appeared suddenly in a witness's bedroom - but
they were neither small nor bug-eyed; neither did they
abduct the witness.

Fig. 30. Sketch by ‘Madame X’ of the craft and one of its quasihuman 
occupants. (Lumieres Dans La Nuit)

Mme X was asleep in her bedroom near Sospel, 20
kilometres northeast of Nice, France. It was 02.00 on 30
April 1983. Awakening, she saw a red football-sized
object. She tried unsuccessfully to awaken her husband
beside her. The light then vanished; she assumed it was
‘ball-lightning’. Mme X arose and went to an adjoining
room to open the window. When she returned, she was
startled by the sight of four quasi-human beings, about
1.75 metres in height. They were of a very athletic gait,
with long, pale faces and long thin noses and mouths.

The eyes were very elongated, with blue irises. Most
surprising was the position of the pupils: rather than
centred, they were close to the inner corner of the eye,
giving them a ‘cross-eyed’ appearance. They had blond
eyebrows. In spite of their peculiar features, Mme X
thought they were handsome.

There was another marked difference from normal
human beings. ‘Whereas all humans have a recess or
indentation at the point where the nose is joined to the
forehead, this was, she said, non-existent in them,’
reported Marc Tolosano, one of the investigators.
‘Neither did they possess the little vertical furrow which
we all have between our nose and our mouth. They did
have teeth.’

She did not see their hair, for their heads were covered by little
skull-caps like those of frogmen, but with this difference: [they]
were not part of the whole one-piece suit, and merely covered
the entire skull and ears. [They] were wearing small bars,
coloured green and yellow, ‘like badges of rank’ ... Their
hands, gloveless, were soft and delicate and a little larger than
normal human hands.

Although Mme X was not afraid, she made another
attempt to waken her husband. ‘It is useless,’ said one of
the men, who seemed to be the leader, speaking in normal
French. The German shepherd dogs, normally aggressive
towards strangers, cowered under the bed. In reply to the
witness’s question as to whether they spoke other
languages, they said they knew all the languages on
Earth. Calmly, Mme X invited the strangers to be seated.
‘Do you know who we are?’ enquired the leader.
‘You’re robots!’ she replied. Smiling, the leader
stretched out his hand for her to feel.
‘Then,’ she said, noticing the soft texture of their skin,
‘you are extraterrestrials’, to which they responded in
the affirmative.

All the while, Mme X experienced difficulty in
thinking and formulating questions. It was, she said, as
if her will-power had been ‘slowed down’.

Projected Images of Earth’s History

The entities suddenly rose from their seats, explaining
that they wanted to show her how familiar they were
with Earth’s history. Following them outside, she was
surprised to see other, similar beings in the courtyard.

The first four inspected the courtyard. ‘Here it’s fine,’
they announced. ‘We are going to make a projection for
you.’

Curiously, although a thick fog had developed, and it
was chilly in Sospel at that time of year, Mme X did not
feel cold. Now joined by three other quasi-humans,
holding black spheres in their hands, she and the others
watched as predominantly sepia-coloured images, about
three metres high, were projected on to the fog without
any visible beams of light emitting from the spheres. The
‘film’, which ran from prehistory to the Second World
War, retraced our wars, sometimes stopping at
individual ‘frames’. Mme X told them she was
uninterested in wars, to which they responded that
armed conflicts were all humans knew about, and that
they themselves only knew this planet in that light.

Further Discussion - and Departure

When the show had finished, Mme X returned to the
house, accompanied by the beings. Her husband was still
asleep, and the dogs remained quiet. She asked some
questions on matters that she felt would be of interest to
scientists: about time, distances in space, and so on. To
each question they replied that she would not be able to
understand. When she asked why the visitors were all
men, they replied that sometimes women did accompany
them, though not on this occasion.

Despite her difficulty in communicating, Mme X felt
quite at ease with her guests, and invited them to eat,
drink - or even to smoke, if they wished! They smiled
but declined courteously, promising that they would
dine with her during their next visit, six months later (a
promise not kept). Meanwhile, some of the visitors
glanced out of a window, as if to check that everything
was all right.

At 04.00, the strangers decided it was time to leave.
‘They rose, shook Mme X by the hand, and she
accompanied them to the door,’ reported Tolosano.

She then perceived a long, dark-coloured oval object, about 15
metres or so in length. She could see a door in it, and inside,
through the door, a diffused light. The fog was still there,
everywhere around. The distance from the house to the craft
was only about 30 metres. From the entrance of the craft came
a gangway, and, after walking across the corrugated-iron roof
of a shed, the entities went up onto this gangway . . . Mme X
never saw the under-part of the craft at any moment, as it was
hidden by the dense fog and by an intervening plank.

The craft then flew away, emitting a faint whistling
noise. When she returned to bed, Mme X’s heart began
to pound violently and ‘she was seized with an
indescribable panic’, despite having maintained her
composure throughout the encounter.16 Was this a
delayed reaction to what would normally have been an
alarming experience? Almost certainly. There have been
a number of cases where the composure of witnesses
seems induced by the aliens.

Mme X wondered whether or not she should contact
the local priest and the Gendarmerie, but decided to tell
no one about her experience, not even her husband, in
case it was thought she had gone mad. Two weeks later,
she told a friend, and the story eventually leaked out to
UFO investigators. ‘She has stood the experience pretty
well,’ commented Marc Tolosano of the UFO Research
Group in Menton, who, together with investigator
Claude Dufour, was favourably impressed by her
character. ‘And she is still amazed, thinking of their
kindness, their amiability, their smiles. She thought they
were handsome, and she still asks herself the question:
“Why did they choose me?” ’ 17

However farcical certain encounters appear to be, they
should not be rejected a priori, solely on the grounds that
they fail to conform to our preconceived notions or that
they challenge our favourite hypotheses regarding alien
species and their agenda. Regrettably, many investigators 
and writers have done just that. One must wonder
how many cases have never seen publication, owing to
their seemingly ludicrous content. The fact of the matter
is that numerous credible witnesses have reported
thoroughly incredible encounters.

THE CREATURES OF KIRGISZKAYA

‘The phenomenon of UFOs is real and we should
approach it seriously and study it,’ stated former USSR
President Mikhail Gorbachev, in reply to a question
during a meeting with workers in the Urals in April 1990.18

That year, Russian interest in the subject surged,
following numerous military and civilian reports; as it
had done in 1989, when witnesses reported the landings
of an alien vehicle and its occupants - three giant
humanoids and a robot - at Voronezh.

It was about 21.40 on 18 May 1990, in the village of
Kairma, near Frunze, Kirgiszkaya, USSR. A 10-year-old
boy, Dima, came running in to tell his mother that ‘space
creatures’ were outside. And there they were. ‘I have
never seen such creatures before,’ she said. Just over a
metre in height, the creatures wore helmets and glowing
suits with stripes on their sleeves and trouser legs.

The beings had hands with three claw-like fingers.

Dima reported that when they noticed him, they pulled
out a box-like device from behind them and aerial-like
appendages appeared on their heads. As in certain other
cases described earlier, such as that of Jan Wolski, the
beings appeared almost to ‘slide’ over the ground. When
a car appeared, they jumped into a nearby stream and
stayed there until it had passed by. By now frightened,
Dima and his mother ran to a neighbour’s house. When
they returned, the creatures were gone. Throughout the
encounter, the surrounding atmosphere was ‘vibrating’.

At 23.30 a powerful droning sound was heard
throughout Kairma, just as the local electricity supply
fluctuated. Showers of sparks could be seen coming from
the sub-station; later the power supply cut out
altogether. After midnight, a huge red disc-shaped thing
was seen over the town. Many other reports of sightings
were made during the ensuing days.

On 29 May, three kilometres from where the creatures
were first seen, came another such report. At 08.50,
three women working at a garage heard extraordinary
horn-like sounds (as reported in some other cases),
increasing in volume. Through the window of the office,
Ludmila Sadovskaia saw a strange creature with glowing
eyes. Its face was a greenish-grey, and it had no nose and
only a slit for a mouth. The women ran out of the office,
shouting for help, having failed to contact anyone by
radio. Two boys, living nearby, claim to have seen a
‘flying saucer’ appear above the garage and land nearby,
at the same time. Investigators on the scene the next day
reported abnormal changes in atmospheric pressure at
the site.19

AERIAL ENCOUNTERS

Increasingly, it seems, aircraft pilots are coming forward
with reports of encounters with unknown flying objects,
sometimes risking their professional status by doing so.

For example, a wave of sightings in Mexico during 1994
included remarkable encounters by airliners on their
approach to Mexico City International Airport. On the
night of 28 July, the captain of Mexicana Airlines Flight
180. radioed to the airport’s control tower: ‘I have an
unidentified object on my right, moving very fast.’ The
tower responded that there was nothing to be seen on the
radar.

At 21.25 that same night, many citizens of Mexico
City observed an unusual bright object in the sky. Half
an hour later, the crew of an AeroMexico DC-9, Flight
129., on its final approach to the airport, reported an
emergency to the tower. ‘My landing gear was nearly
down when I felt a very hard hit,’ Captain Raimundo
Cervantes told investigator Britt Elders. ‘I didn’t know
what it was.’
I had never felt a hit as strong as this. [On landing],
maintenance immediately checked the airplane and found that
the shock absorber [on the nose-wheel leg] was torn off. I
contacted radar control and they told me that at the moment I
was making my turn, there were two UFOs. I probably crossed
my path with theirs - and that’s when I declared an emergency.

Television journalist Jaime Maussan reported that in
early August 1994, airliners were forced to take evasive
action to avoid colliding with unknown flying objects.

On 8 August, Flight 304 from Acapulco, captained by
Fernando Mesquita, had a near-miss with a large,
silvery, metallic craft which came out of a cloud and
passed just under the plane.

What also concerned pilots approaching Mexico City
Airport was that digital computers on the flight deck
seemed to be adversely affected when UFOs were
following or buzzing airliners: the computers gave out
false readings for such crucial factors as altitude and
speed, forcing pilots to take manual control. Air traffic
controllers remained publicly silent on the matter until
August 1995, when two agreed to be interviewed for
television, provided their identities were not publicized.
‘We want to prove that it’s happening, to prove that it’s
real,’ they said. ‘The government knows that it’s
happening. It could be dangerous for aircraft.’20
Many other areas of Mexico have seen a dramatic
increase in sightings in recent years. ‘Not only have there
been many sightings of fly-overs, witnessed by thousands
on the streets,’ wrote my late friend Hal Starr, an
American investigator who had a home near Sonora,
‘but activities in the mountains to the east of our town of
Alamos have been little less than astounding.’ According
to one of Starr’s sources, Native Americans see UFOs so
often in that region as now to be commonplace.21 Is it
possible that an alien base exists in the Sierra Madres?

The Tucumcari Incident

On the night of 25 May 1995, the crew of an America
West Boeing 757, Flight 564 (Cactus 564), en route from
Tampa, Florida, to Las Vegas, Nevada, reported a large
cigar-shaped craft, with a series of bright white lights
along its side and very bright white lights on each end.

The initial sighting, at 22.25 MDT, was made by
Captain Eugene Tollefson and First Officer John Waller,
when the plane was at 39,000 feet near Bovina, Texas,
60. nautical miles southeast of Tucumcari, New Mexico.

The unidentified object appeared to be moving at about
300. to 350 k.p.h. at an altitude of between 30,000 and
35.,000	feet, and came to within five miles of the
Boeing.22 The following are extracts from radio
exchanges between Waller (564), and others, and
Albuquerque Air Route Control Center (ACC),
transcribed by Graham Sheppard, an airline captain and
principal associate of mine, who gave me a copy of the
tapes. I have also used some information from the
definitive report by the astronomer and leading UFO
investigator, Walter Webb:
564.: Center, Cactus 564.

ACC: Cactus 564, go ahead.
564.: Yeah, off to our three-o-clock, there’s some strobes out
there. Did you get what it is?

ACC: ... I don’t know what it is right now. There is a
restricted area that’s used by the military out there during the
day time.
564.: Yeah, it’s pretty odd ... did you paint that object at all
on your radar?

ACC: Cactus 564, no I don’t, and talking with three or four
guys around here, no one knows what this is . . . What’s the
altitude about?
564.:1 dunno, probably around 30,000 or so, and its strobe,
er, is going counterclockwise, and the length is, er,
unbelievable . . .

Albuquerque Center contacts Cannon Air Force Base
(AFB), New Mexico:

ACC: Hey, do you guys know if there was anything like a
tethered balloon or anything released . . . ?

AFB: Er, no. We haven’t heard nothin’ about it.

ACC: OK. Guy at 39,000 says he’s seen something at
30.,000; that the length is unbelievable and it has a strobe on it.

AFB: Uh, huh.

ACC: This is not good [laughs], OK.

AFB: What does that mean?

ACC: I don’t know. It’s a UFO or something - it’s that
Roswell crap again!

Communications between Cactus 564 and
Albuquerque resume:

ACC: ... You still see it?
564.: Negative. Back when we initially spotted it, it was
between the weather [typically cumulo nimbus thunderstorm
cloud] and us, and when there’s lightning you could see a dark
object and, er, it was pretty eerie-looking . . . First time in 15
years I’ve ever seen anything like this. It’s probably military .. .

Later, when another aircraft had spotted the mystery
object, Albuquerque tried to obtain information from
North American Aerospace Defense Command
(NORAD) at its Western Air Defense Sector
Headquarters (call sign ‘Bigfoot’):

ACC: . . . Around Tucumcari, New Mexico, north of
Cannon, I had a couple of aircraft report something 300 to 400
feet long, cylindrical in shape with a strobe, flashing, off to the
end of it.

NOR:... Er, we don’t have anything going on up there that
I	know of... You all serious about this?

ACC: Yeah, he’s real serious about it. . .

NOR: . . . How long did he think it was?

ACC: He said it was 300- to 400-foot long.

NOR: Holy smoke! ... I wonder if any of our aerostats
[tethered blimps] got loose or something. But we don’t have
any aerostats there . . .

According to NORAD’s Directorate of Operations
and Space Control Center, no space debris re-entered the
Earth’s atmosphere during the period in question. Could
this object have been a genuine spacecraft? In a letter to
Walter Webb, NORAD explained that ‘Uncorrelated
Event Reports’ (UERs) ‘are classified Secret until
downgraded by proper authority. The term “UFO” has
not been used by this headquarters since the “Blue
Book” was permanently closed . . .’23

The Pyramid over Pelotas

Thirty-eight-year-old Haroldo Westendorff, owner of a
rice-processing plant in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande
do Sul, is a champion aerobatics pilot who customarily
flies his Embraer EMB-712 around the state during
weekends. On the morning of 5 October 1996, he took
off from the airport at Pelotas, flew towards Laranjal
Beach, on the outskirts of Lagoa dos Patos (Duck Lake),
then headed back to Pelotas at 10.30.

Flying at 5,500 feet, the pilot was astounded by the
sight of a huge craft. The silent object was turning slowly
on its axis, heading towards the Atlantic coast at about
100. k.p.h. He approached for a closer look. ‘It was
enormous, gigantic really,’ he told investigators for the
Brazilian UFO research group GPCU.24 ‘It was shaped
like a pyramid and had eight sides; each one of them had
exactly three prominent bulges, which [presumably]
constituted the windows.’ (See Fig. 31.)
Westendorff estimated that the base of the object was
about 100 metres in diameter and its height between 50
and 60 metres. He radioed the control tower at Pelotas
and asked if they were aware of the object. Airton
Mendes da Silva, on duty at the time, grabbed binoculars
and immediately spotted the huge craft, as did others at
the tower.

Westendorff contacted the radar centre at Curitiba,
operated by CINDACTA, which monitors airspace over
Brazil. They confirmed that the pilot was 35 miles from
the eastern sector of Pelotas, but said there were no other
aircraft within a 200-kilometre radius of his position.

The pilot asked for permission to be switched over to a
special radio frequency so that he could give them a
better description of the object, but permission was
denied. He then decided to fly around the unknown
craft. As he did so, his cellular phone rang. It was a
friend, and Westendorff excitedly related what he was
seeing. Shortly afterwards, Westendorff’s son phoned.

Noticing the anxiety in his father’s voice, Haroldo Jr.
handed the phone to his mother. Frightened by her
husband’s description of what he was seeing, she warned
him to be careful. Westendorff daringly decided to fly
around the object for a second time.

As he was circling the base of the craft, he noticed that
a dome on top had opened. ‘I don’t know how, but I
imagine that it must have retracted,’ he said. Suddenly, a
disc-shaped craft, about three times the size of
Westendorff’s Embraer, exited from the top of the giant
craft and rose vertically. A moment later, the disc
stopped, inclined at a 45-degree angle, then took off at a
phenomenal speed towards the Atlantic Ocean. Seconds
later, reddish beams of light began to come from the top
of the ‘mother ship’, felt as waves of heat. Undaunted,
the intrepid pilot decided to circle the craft yet again.

As Westendorff continued to fly around the object at
a distance of about 40 metres, the enormous craft began
to rotate, faster and faster. ‘At this moment I began to
panic,’ he said. ‘I thought I was going to die. I was just
waiting for the explosion that would certainly destroy
my plane.’ He managed to retain his presence of mind,
and began to go through emergency procedures in
anticipation of a tremendous explosion. When the craft
suddenly took off - at a speed he estimated to be 12,000
k.p.h. - Westendorff found it difficult to believe he was
still alive, and his plane unaffected by the encounter.
‘I know what I saw, because I was 40 metres away
from that object,’ declared the champion pilot. ‘No one
can get me to deny it. I’m certain that what I saw had
nothing to do with this planet. . .’25

Fig. 31. Illustrations (A) and (B) show Haroldo Westendorff’s
Embraer 712 circling the huge craft, the base of which was estimated
by the pilot to be 100 metres in diameter. A disc-shaped object
emerged vertically, inclined at an angle (C) and shot off at
phenomenal speed. The large ‘mother ship’ then emitted beams of
reddish light (D) before rotating, then taking off at an estimated
speed of 12,000 k.p.h. (GPCU)


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	‘A Close Encounter with “Greenish-Faced” Creatures in
Poland in 1978’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 36, no. 1,
March 1991, pp. 1-7, prepared by the Wroclaw Club for
UFO Popularization and Exploration (WKPiB-UFO), Klub
Mozaika, Ul. Trzemeska 2, 53-679 Wroclaw, Poland.
2.	Chiumiento, Antonio, The Little Oriental Airman:
Another Remarkable CE-III Case in Italy’, Flying Saucer
Review, vol. 28, no. 5, September-October 1982, pp. 3-8.
3.	Chiumiento, Antonio, ‘An Encounter with “Rat-Faces” in
Italy’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 28, no. 6, November-
December 1982, pp. 14-19, 25.
4.	UFOs - Und Es Gibt Sie Doch (UFOs - And They Do
Exist), a documentary film by Heinz Rohde,
Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR), 1994, translated by
Dorothee Walter.
5.	Sparks, Brad, ‘Colusa (California) Close Encounter, 10
September 1976’, The APRO Bulletin, vol. 25, nos. 7-10,
1977.
6.	Buhler, Dr Walter, ‘Conversation with Entities at
Marimbonda’, translated by Gordon Creighton, Flying
Saucer Review, vol. 25, no. 3, May-June 1979, pp. 18-19.
7.	Diario Popular, La Plata-Buenos Aires, 12 August 1983;
Tiempo Argentina, Buenos Aires, 13 August 1983,
translated by Jane Thomas, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 29,
no. 2, December 1983, pp. 9-10.
8.	La Reforma, Buenos Aires, 12 August 1983, translated by
Luis Gonzalez.
9.	Diario PopularITiempo Argentina.
10.	La Reforma.
11.	Diario PopularfTiempo Argentina.
12.	La Reforma.
13.	Diario Popular/Tiempo Argentina.
14.	Ibid.
15.	Good, Timothy, Beyond Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO
Security Threat, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1996, pp.
87.-93.
16.	Tolosano, Marc, ‘They Say They Know All our
Languages!: A CE-IV Case at Sospel, South-Eastern France
(1983)’, Flying Saucer Review, vol. 35, no. 2, June quarter
1990., pp. 23-4, iii, translated by Gordon Creighton from
Lumieres Dans La Nuit, no. 299, September-October 1989.
17.	Ibid.
18.	Soviet Youth, Moscow, 4 May 1990.
19.	Lebedev, Nikolai, ‘The Soviet Scene 1990’, The UFO
Report 1992, ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick & Jackson,
London, 1991, pp. 65-8.
20.	Voyagers of the Sixth Sun (videotape), Genesis III, Box
25962., Munds Park, Arizona 86017, 1996.
21.	Letter to the author from Hal Starr, 1 February 1997.
22.	Webb, Walter N., Final Report on the America West
Airline Case, UFO Research Coalition, July 1996, available
from The Mutual UFO Network, 103 Oldtowne Road,
Seguin, Texas 78155.
23.	Ibid.
24.	Grupo de Pesquisas Cientifico-Ufologicas (GPCU), Rua
Barao de Azevedo Machado no. 51/301, CEP 96020-150,
Pelotas, RS - Brazil.
25.	Wysmierski, Michael, ‘The Lagoa de los Patos Incident’,
The Brazilian UFO Report, vol. 2, no. 9, March-April
1997., pp. 3-9.


=========================================================
Chapter 19. ALIEN BASE - EARTH

For four decades, the United States Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico has seen a proliferation of encounters with
an assortment of seemingly alien species. In recent years,
sightings of a demon-like creature called the
chupacabras, or ‘goat-sucker’, responsible for bizarre
deaths of hundreds of farm animals and pets, have
received world-wide attention, though even decades ago
there were reports, associated with UFO sightings, of
vampire-like creatures that supposedly sucked blood out
of animals. There have also been encounters with quasihuman 
species.

Zulma Ramirez de Perez, whose family owned part of
the land in Cabo Rojo, southwest Puerto Rico, from
where have come many reports, and where it is widely
believed that an alien base is located, reports that, since
1956., her entire family had observed disc-shaped domed
craft coming out of or entering the waters of the Laguna
Cartagena. ‘You could see people or figures inside the
domes,’ she told Jorge Martin, Puerto Rico’s leading
authority on the subject. ‘On some occasions, when they
came out, we yelled at them and they would stop in the
air in front of us.’

One night in 1964, said Sra Ramirez, her brother
Quinn shouted at them that he wanted to know who
they were, ‘to see if they really were from outer space’.

Later that night, he suddenly felt an urge to go to the
lagoon, and headed down a dirt track leading there.

Getting out of his jeep, he saw two figures approaching
him from the lagoon.

They were tall white men, about six to seven feet tall, with
blond, long hair and dressed in one-piece, tight-fitting silvery
suits. ‘They were very beautiful and delicate, almost female
looking,’ he said. He was too nervous, and asked them not to
come any closer as he couldn’t take it, so they smiled sweetly
and walked back into the lagoon ... I know he had other
encounters with these beings, because some nights he
disappeared into the lagoon area, and he wouldn’t talk about
what he was doing there all night. But we knew he was with his
‘friends’, as he used to call them.1

The quasi-human extraterrestrials have been observed
more recently. Jorge Martin told me that one evening in
1987., Sra Ligia Medina was fishing off Puerto Real,
Cabo Rojo, together with her young grandson, when a
huge disc-shaped craft came down out of the sky. She
said it looked as though it was made of a transparent,
crystal-like material, through which, in silhouette, could
be seen human-like figures moving around and looking
down at them (similarly described by Lucy McGinnis -
see p. 202). The grandson shouted that he was afraid.
‘Don’t worry,’ she told him, pretending not to be afraid
herself, ‘if they’re going to take us away, I’ll ask them to
take only me.’ All of a sudden, the craft flew off.2

RAMEY AIR FORCE BASE

The following statement, obtained by US Air Force
member John Artie, was signed by Sergeant Thomas
Carulli, a USAF security policeman stationed at Ramey
AFB, near Aguadilla:

[On] August 18, 1968, at approximately 2.30 a.m., off
Borinquen Beach, Ramey AFB, Puerto Rico, 15 other security
policemen and myself observed what was believed to be [an]
unidentified flying object. Visibility was unlimited. The UFO
seemed to be rising from the ocean but when first seen it was
appearing to be at a 45-degree angle above the surface and
rising. While also rising it seemed to yaw to its sides emitting a
very bright, almost fluorescent light which was similar to that
of an unblinking strobe light.. . there appeared to be struts or
bars or (you could say) window panes. These struts were
vertical and there were about six of them . . .

When it reached its zenith, which in itself appeared to be no
more than 1,500 feet off the ground, it lingered there for a few
minutes; all the while it emitted this light which lit up the whole
area, which before was in complete darkness. It was circular or
sphere-like ... Its size was close to a half-dollar held at arm’s
length. It emitted no sound . . . While in its zenith the UFO
seemed to pulsate and fluxed from side to side or wobbled.

Then another orb of light came from it [which] was about
the size of a dime held at arm’s length. It stayed by the side of
the first UFO, then it too fluxed or wobbled and shot straight
upwards until it was nearly invisible. After two or three
minutes passed, the first UFO wobbled, turned on its side and
darted upwards and outwards in a north-northwesterly
direction until it disappeared. This whole spectacular
phenomenon took about 12-17 minutes in its entirety.3

Between 1960 and 1962, William Smith (pseudonym)
was assigned as a USAF air policeman to an elite corps
which guarded the B-52 bombers and their cargo of
nuclear weapons at Ramey AFB. This assignment called
for a clean service record, as well as impeccable
character. Smith told American investigator Jim Speiser
that one night in late 1961 or early 1962 he was on duty
guarding the bombers when, as he claims, he saw three
very large objects, shaped like discs, fly over the base and
position themselves precisely over the B-52s. They
hovered for a short period then flew away. At least 24
other witnesses were present. The following day, two
men in civilian clothing, who said they were from the
Pentagon, arrived at the base. Smith was unable to
determine to which department these men were
attached. All witnesses were interrogated for hours and
warned not to discuss the incident.

Stephen Craig, a former US Navy electronics
technician who spent three years at the naval facility at
Ramey AFB in the 1970s, confirmed to Jorge Martin that
he had both Navy and Air Force acquaintances who had
witnessed groups of UFOs flying over the flight line, as
well as over the nuclear arms depot.4

TREMOR

On 30 May 1987, local residents near Laguna Cartagena
saw a strange ‘red ball of fire’ descend in a controlled
manner into the lagoon, making a buzzing sound. At
02.00, many witnesses sighted a huge, brilliant disc
hovering over the lagoon. The following afternoon,
thousands of inhabitants of southwest Puerto Rico were
shaken by a powerful earth tremor and what sounded
like an underground explosion. Initially, the tremor’s
epicentre was pinpointed at 13.5 nautical miles below
the Laguna Cartagena, between the towns of Lajas and
Cabo Rojo. The next day, however, the Puerto Rico
Seismologic Service announced that the epicentre had
been out to sea, to the west of Puerto Rico, in the Mona
Passage.

On the evening of 1 June 1987, a huge unidentified
cylindrical craft, with two spheres at each end, was seen
by numerous witnesses in the community of Betances. ‘It
was really large,’ said Sra Rosa Acosta. ‘It was
incredible. That thing came down and hovered in the air,
motionless over the Laguna Cartagena. Then, about 15
minutes later, it flew up and disappeared to the south,
behind the Sierra Bermeja.’
Following the explosion, several fissures, from which
issued cobalt-coloured smoke, appeared in different
areas of Lajas and Cabo Rojo, as well as the Laguna
Cartagena. The lagoon was cordoned off, and men
dressed in camouflaged fatigues, plain clothes, or white
anti-contamination-type coveralls, were seen taking
samples of water, mud, soil and plants. The military
prevented anyone accessing the area.5

In late 1988 there were two occasions when pairs of
US Navy jets were seen to disappear in close proximity
to, or possibly to enter, huge, triangular-shaped objects.

One of these incidents took place in the municipality of
San German, the other in Betances, near the Laguna
Cartagena.6 By this time, many residents had come to
accept the existence of an alien base in their vicinity.

Reports of UFOs seen by fishermen off the coast also
proliferated. ‘Something abnormal is going on down
there,’ said one witness, Aristides Medina. ‘On one
occasion, I was fishing late at night near Cayo
Margarita, and two of them passed under my boat,
radiating a blue light. On other occasions I have seen
them when they emerge from the water and fly away at
great speed, and I have also seen them plunge into the
water.’7

CREATURES GREY AND GREEN

Since 1990 I have visited Puerto Rico on many
occasions, to investigate personally what to me seems a
unique situation on this, the aptly named ‘Enchanted
Isle’. I have never seen anything really peculiar. On one
occasion, though, events reportedly occurred in precisely
the same area that I visited with Jorge Martin but 12
hours later. In the small hours of 31 August 1990, a
number of witnesses saw five weird creatures, similar in
some respects to those reported in Kirgiszkaya, USSR,
three months earlier, walking down a road in the Laguna
Cartagena area. Their height varied from three to five
feet. When one witness, Miguel Figueroa, tried to follow
the creatures in his car, they turned around, emitting a
brilliant light, like a welding torch, from their eyes. ‘I
was blinded and scared,’ he said. ‘I felt, or heard something 
telling me not to get any closer.’ But he followed
and managed to get a closer look. As he told Jorge
Martin:

They were skinny, with large pear-shaped heads, long pointy
ears, big slanted eyes and almost no nose . . . Their mouths
were almost like a slit. They all had long arms with three
fingers on each hand and three toes on their feet. At their
elbows and knees they had something that looked like joints
... I don’t know if that was part of some clothing they had on,
but to me they seemed to be naked. They were greyish . . .

Eventually the creatures jumped over a bridge one by
one and headed along a creek in the direction of the
lagoon.

The next day, Figueroa received a threatening phone
call (at his unlisted number) from a man with an
American accent. ‘He told me not to talk or say anything
to anyone about what I had seen and where the little men
had gone into,’ he told Jorge. ‘What is happening here is
real, and these beings must have a base or something
underground in this area.’8
Other, similar species of creature appear to be based
elsewhere on the island, including the Caribbean
National Forest, the only tropical forest in the US
Department of Agriculture’s national forest system,
generally referred to as El Yunque after the mountain
peak near the recreation area. Many witnesses claim to
have encountered beings with very large black eyes,
though lacking pointed ears and usually with four,
rather than three, fingers or claws.

One night in February 1991, former police officer Luis
Torres and his wife, together with two of his police
colleagues and their wives, were astonished by the sight
of two strange little men coming down the road on
Route 191, near the El Yunque tourist office. They were
speaking a ‘weird gibberish’. ‘It was like when you listen
to a tape-recording that’s very fast,’ Torres told
investigator Magdalena Del Amo-Freixedo.

They were maybe around four feet high, thin, dressed from
head to foot in clothing [that fitted] the body very closely . . .
between green and grey. It came right up to the tops of their
heads, covering the skull. . . Their little arms were right down
to about the knees, and their heads too were elongated, though
we couldn’t see them very well.

Their heads were large, sort of slanted, big at the top and
small down below, looking more like the shape of an egg. And
a bit flattened at the top, and their faces flattened too. I saw no
eyebrows on them. They had big dark eyes, blackish,
protruding a bit from the face . . . Their little necks were very
thin; almost no nose to be seen, and nor the mouth neither.

Their skin looked to me grey or greyish-green.

The creatures walked straight past the six witnesses.
‘They must have seen us,’ Torres continued. ‘They
carried on down the road, and when they had gone
about 100 feet or so past us, they turned around and
started off up the road again, passing right by us once
more. We tried to follow them.’
I got out my revolver - not to harm them, but just so that they
would see that we were armed, in case they should by chance
try to do anything. But when I got out the revolver, it seems as
though they knew it. They didn’t look directly at us at any
time, but they quickened their pace and, a bit further up the
road, they crossed over to the left-hand side of the road and
entered the thickets on the hillside.

Charmed by the creatures, Margarita Torres said she
would have liked to have brought them home. ‘They
really were weird, and at the same time lovely,’ she
explained, ‘because in shape they looked just like two
little twins.’9

In the small hours of 13 August 1991, Sra Marisol
Camacho encountered two similar creatures, examining
a plant on her balcony with their four long, skinny
fingers, in the Maguayo community next to the Laguna
Cartagena. ‘I don’t know why, but I couldn’t move,’ she
told Jorge Martin. ‘They took leaves from the plant and
left, talking among themselves in that fast mumbling
gibberish.’ She added that the creatures made a return
visit two weeks later, but when she tried to communicate
with them they made a hasty retreat, running in the
direction of the lagoon. ‘They didn’t harm me,’ she said.
‘One thing is for sure: they are already here, living
among us. We should prepare to face that fact. . .’10

Also in 1991, Ulises Perez came across a similar
creature in an irrigation canal which leads to the Laguna
Cartagena. The creature appeared to have a pale,
whitish skin with pinkish-red spots. When Perez started
to get away on his motorbike, the creature disappeared
under the water in the canal.11 This and other cases seem
to suggest that a habitat has been established under the
lagoon and perhaps other bodies of water. The webbing
observed between the fingers or claws of these entities
might mean that they are amphibious.

A variation on these species was encountered in July
1968. Freddie Anderson and a group of friends were
visiting the El Yunque mountain when they encountered
a tall creature standing in the middle of a river next to
Route 191, only 12 feet away. Its height was some six
feet, and it was very slim, Anderson told Martin. The
hands reached almost to the knees.

It didn’t have clothes on. It was all green, and it had a large
head that was wider on the bottom, on the chin, and it ended
in a [conical] top. It had large, round, bulging eyes, intense
green in colour, and two small holes for a nose ... Its hands
had, I think, only four fingers with some small round things on
their ends, something like tree-frogs have, and some small
claws that came out of those small round things on the ends.

Anderson and his friends are certain they experienced
‘missing time’. ‘Suddenly it’s as if we came out of
something,’ he continued. ‘We don’t know what
happened, but it was already night time . . . and that
thing was gone.’12

THE SANTIAGO BASE

Another area of concentrated, unusual activity in Puerto
Rico is Salinas, on the south coast, particularly in the
vicinity of the grounds and airspace of the US Army
Reserve Base and the Puerto Rican Army National
Guard’s Santiago Camp. One night in October 1987, for
example, many witnesses reported a huge boomerangshaped 
object hovering over the base, seeming to cause
an electrical power blackout. A military officer told
Jorge Martin that it looked as if it was of a whitish
plastic or porcelain texture, and that it emitted a
blinding light.

It came very rapidly and stopped suddenly over a tree,
suspending itself. In its central apex, or the V’s point, a sort of
cabin or windows with lightbulbs could be seen. After 15 or 20
seconds, it shot away sideways, and got lost at a tremendous
speed toward the north. That thing was as large as a 747
jumbo jet, folded in half, that big, but much wider. The most
surprising thing was that it was totally silent.

The officer also said that each time such objects were
seen over the base, electrical and weapons systems failed.

On many occasions, huge flying triangles, as well as
flying saucers, have also been seen over the base. Jorge
Martin, whom I know as a reliable, honest investigator,
himself sighted a strange flying disc over the restricted
airspace of the base, one afternoon in January 1993,
together with his wife and co-investigator, Marleen, and
three American investigators. ‘We all saw the object,’
said Jorge, ‘with a flat bottom and a small cupola or
dome on its top part.’ The disc rose upwards with a
swaying or rocking motion, until it disappeared in a
cloud.

Many people have reported seeing the ground ‘open
up’ in a certain part of the base located between two
mountains, revealing a ‘hole’ emitting brilliant reddish-
orange illumination. One of the most interesting
incidents occurred during exercises involving the
National Guard, in 1989. As an officer informed Martin:

We were in the field, and it was late at night. Suddenly, we all
saw when one of the mountains on the north (at the back of the
base) seemed to open up, and from the opening there emerged
a strong light, orange-pink in colour. Suddenly, we saw many
flying saucers come out of the opening - UFOs that lost
themselves in the sky. After they came out, the opening closed
in the mountain, and everything disappeared. We couldn’t
believe what had happened . . .

The next day, all of us who had seen what had happened
were gathered together, as some [American] officials arrived in
helicopters. They told us that what we had seen was real, but
that we should not worry; that the US authorities, the military
and NASA were dealing with the matter. They ordered us not
to speak with anyone about what we had seen, because
problems could arise. At no time did they tell us that what we’d
seen was of extraterrestrial origin, but something in their
manner of speaking seemed to indicate as much.

In the summer of 1979, Jose Luis Rodriguez and his
cousin also claim to have seen flying discs emerging from
a flat area near the Santiago base. The actual location
was in the northeastern part of the base, between Rio
Juan Mountain and a sector of the old State Road No. 1,
near the restricted area where ground and air artillery
exercises were carried out. The incident is said to have
occurred at around 14.00, as the young men were riding
horseback.
‘We heard a sound, and suddenly we saw that the
earth was moving in front of us,5 Rodriguez told Martin.

A part of the ground arose, with dirt, rocks, underbrush,
bushes - everything. They appeared like camouflaged
platforms, covered with what looked like normal terrain. The
platforms were raised by what appeared to be powerful
hydraulic supports, and on the sides were what seemed to be
nets with camouflaged strips and camouflaged underbrush,
and so on.

Metallic walls extended deep into the ground. As the
camouflaged platforms arose, the witnesses could see
large rectangular openings, some 80 feet wide.

Then we felt a strong humming, and that’s when we saw two
objects that flew out of the openings. They were flying saucers!

They came out, flying slowly, and remained suspended at a
height of ten storeys above the openings. They were beautiful,
silvery and metallic, some 60 feet in diameter, and each had a
section that had windows all around it in the centre, [from
which] a strong light emitted.

What the young men claim to have seen on the centre
of the flat, underneath section of the craft seems totally
unbelievable: the acronym ‘URSS’ or ‘UPSS’, in low-
visibility letters.13 If the former is accurate, it was the
Spanish acronym for the Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics! One could speculate that the craft might have
been a secret development of either the Americans or the
Russians, or both, derived perhaps from alien
technology. As I reported at length in Alien Liaison,
there is information that Americans have test-flown discshaped 
vehicles since the 1950s, at least. In any event,
together with the hydraulically operated camouflaged
platforms, the evidence suggests that the disc was of
terrestrial origin.

As the witnesses continued watching the discs for two
minutes, a jeep came speeding towards them from a
distant white building. Assuming they had been spotted
and reported to security by the pilots, the two men rode
away fast.14

THE SPECIMEN

In 1979 or 1980, a creature resembling some of those
sighted in Puerto Rico, though smaller, was allegedly
killed by a youth, Jose Luis ‘Chino’ Zayas, in a cave near
a mountain behind the National Guard’s Santiago
Camp. ‘We don’t really know if it’s alien-related,’ Jorge
Martin emphasized to me. ‘We only know that it came
from the cave system up there, where there has been a lot
of strange activity.’15
‘I first heard about the case when [Chino] told us
about it,’ explained Sergeant Benjamin Morales of the
Salinas Police, in an interview with Jorge Martin. He
went on:

He said that he’d been way up there by the Tetas de Cayey
[twin mountain peaks] with a friend and that they’d seen a
group of little animals, creatures that looked like small
humans, going into a crevice within a cave. Allegedly, one of
the tiny creatures attacked Chino or grabbed his leg, and he got
scared. He picked up a stick, clobbered it and killed it. Later, I
got to see the little man or creature myself when [Officer]
Osvald Santiago [who had confiscated it from Chino] brought
it to the police station . . . Chino was afraid it would
decompose and took it over to Wito Morales, the owner of
Monserrate Funeral Parlor, who placed it in a glass jar with
formaldehyde to preserve it.

That thing belonged to an unknown species, not a human or
an animal [see colour plates]. I’ve been working for the Puerto
Rico Police for 24 years ... and I wouldn’t say what I’m telling
you unless I was sure about it . . . I’m a licensed emergency
medical technician [and] those who say it was a fabrication or
an ape or a fetus don’t know what they’re talking about, or
they’re lying... The thing had a head too large for its body and
pointy little ears. Its skin was a greyish-green and [its eyes
were] large and slanted. It had no nose, only two little holes,
and a mouth without lips or teeth - at least, I don’t recall seeing
any teeth . . . The bone structure was different . . . They were
already formed and hard; its crown wasn’t soft, its bones
weren’t brittle.

Elizabeth Zayas, Chino’s sister, provided further
details:

It had some kind of white or blondish hair on the sides of its
head, but was otherwise bald ... It had large eyes and its pupils
were like those of a cat. The eyes were strange, because they
had no colour; they appeared transparent, whitish, crystalline.

I	don’t know if it was because the little man was dead or
because that’s how they were. The arms were very long and
thin, and its hands reached its knees or further. The hands were
like forks. They had only four, clawed fingers, like the claws of
a cat, and a sort of webbing in between them, like thin
membranes . . .

It was real skinny, and its feet were really weird . . . They
looked more like the flippers people use to swim and to skindive.


Regarding the ‘flippers’, there is an interesting
correlation here with Jan Wolski’s aliens (see Chapter
18.).

At no time did the creature bleed from its fatal injury,
though it was covered in ‘a clear goo, something
resembling egg whites’, said Elizabeth Zayas. The
creature also had a well-developed male organ and
testicles. ‘It was definitely neither a baby nor a monkey,’
she asserted.16

Sr Calixto Perez, a professor of chemistry at the
University of Puerto Rico, was another who examined
the creature. ‘In my opinion it was something
extraterrestrial,’ he told Jorge. ‘Its cranium was too big
for the body, which was small and skinny, and its eyes
were too big . . ,’17

Eventually, the police informed the US military
authorities. Not long afterwards, some men turned up at
the Zayas household. ‘My husband was there when the
men came,’ said Elizabeth, ‘and told me that they had in
fact shown papers, something like an order to collect the
thing, along with federal identification. They said they
were from NASA. They searched the house, found the
[jar with the creature] and took it. Chino told me the
men said they were taking the corpse to a museum in
Ponce, where they had a laboratory, and then they
would take it to NASA in the United States . . .’18
Whatever the origin of these creatures, it is unlikely
they fly the saucers!

CHASING THE CHUPACABRAS

Late 1994 saw a proliferation of mutilations in Puerto
Rico, involving hundreds of animals. These mutilations
were attributed to the chupacabras - ‘goat-sucker’ - and
what Jorge Martin calls Anomalous Biological Entities
(ABEs). Typically, the animals were found with small
circular holes about a quarter- to a half-inch wide,
though sometimes larger, arranged in a triangular
pattern and penetrating deep into the neck or lower jaws
and straight into the brain (cerebellum), causing instant
death. ‘Whatever penetrates the animal,’ says Martin, ‘is
at least three or four inches long, and in a few cases has
been known to cauterize the wall of the wound -
apparently to prevent excessive blood loss.’
Some of the wounds of this type appear to the sides and belly
of the victim. This penetration usually cuts through the
stomach - down to the liver, apparently removing sections of
the organ and absorbing liquid from it. Such actions would
require an incision of up to five inches - a fact verified during
necropsies . . . Several larger holes have been discovered
[ranging] from one inch in diameter to 12 inches in length . . .
located in the neck, chest, belly and anal areas . . . clean-cut
openings through which certain organs are excised from the
bodies. Reproductive, sexual organs, anus, eyes and other soft
tissue have all been removed.

Blood and other fluids are reported to have been
removed from the animals, presumably with the
creature’s long, snake-like tongue. According to most
reports, the chupacabras appears to be a cross between a
typical ‘Grey’ alien and the body of a bipedal, erect,
dinosaur-type creature, minus tail, with short arms and
three-clawed hands (see colour plates). Martin
elaborates:

Two elongated, red eyes have been reported, together with
small holes in the nostril area, a small slit-like mouth with
fang-type teeth protruding upwards and downwards from the
jaw ... It appears to have strong, coarse hair all over its body,
and while most observers claim the hair is black, it has the
remarkable ability to change colours at will, almost like a
chameleon, [from] black or a deep brown colour [to] green,
green-grey, light brown or beige.19

The creature has also been reported to fly. One
witness, Daniel Perez of the Campo Rico sector of
Canovanas, to the north of El Yunque, claims to have
heard a buzzing sound at around 06.45 one morning. ‘At
that moment, the creature descended, apparently flying,’
Perez told Martin. ‘It descended on a large stone that is
on my property, some 20 feet from where I stood.’
As soon as it made contact with the stone, it took impulse
again and rose into the air, and cleared the trees ahead without
touching a single leaf. It’s a creature [that] when it stands
straight must be some five feet tall. Its hindlegs are long, its
forelegs are short... from the top of its head all down its back
it has some type of fins that move. When it was about to take
off, the fins moved in the direction it was headed . . . They’re
some six to eight inches long [and] he moves them so fast that
he makes it seem they’re hairs.20

In January 1997 Jorge Martin and his wife, Marleen,
took me to visit Canovanas, where we spoke to several
witnesses who, like Daniel Perez, had seen the
chupacabras in broad daylight. Madelyn Tolentino and
her mother showed us where they watched it walking
down the street outside their home one afternoon in
August 1995. As they approached the creature, it shot
off into the bushes at a phenomenal speed. The
witnesses, who struck me as completely down-to-earth,
reported seeing a transparent membrane between the
creature’s arms and back, perhaps used in flight.

Jorge has learned from reliable sources that
chupacabras have been captured on several occasions.

He told me that on the night of 6/7 November 1995, a
live creature was purportedly captured by Forestry
Service personnel and taken to the continental United
States. On another occasion, a live creature was taken
away in a cage by federal personnel of Puerto Rico and
the US Department of Agriculture. A civilian employee
(name known to me) who works at a US Army base in
San Juan reported that he had seen there a dead
chupacabras, preserved on ice in a special reinforced-
mesh cage. ‘He was in an office,’ Jorge told me, ‘when
several soldiers came by, carrying a cube-like container
covered with a crystal-like mesh. They put it on top of
the table in this office.
‘Curious as to what was inside, he moved the cloth,
and saw a very ugly creature which seemed to be dead.

He remarked to the soldiers that it looked like the
chupacabras. The soldiers became furious and said it
was a monkey, but warned him that if he talked about
what he had seen, he would get into a lot of trouble and
could lose his job.’21
The chupacabras phenomenon was taken very seriously
by the Puerto Rican authorities. On 9 November 1995,
Representatives Jose Nunez Gonzales and Juan Lopez
presented a resolution at the 12th General Assembly of
the House of Representatives. It states in part:

In the last months numerous deaths and attacks on animals
have been reported in Puerto Rico, which remain without any
explanation ... The number of cases has increased recently and
the Puerto Rican community demands action by the
Government on the alarming situation . . .

It is hereby ordered that the Agricultural Commission of the
House of Representatives make a profound and exhaustive
investigation to clarify this unknown phenomenon and
account for the damages caused by the so-called ‘Chupacabras’
to this country’s farmers.22

Such official investigations are not new. In 1991,
Colonel Jose A. Nolla, Director of the Puerto Rico State
Agency of Civil Defence, who had sent a directive laying
down guidelines for secret investigations into UFO
sightings, stated under oath in a hearing at the Senate of
Puerto Rico that he, the military and the Agency had
been investigating the numerous UFO sightings and
animal mutilations that had taken place over the years in
the country.23

In a radio interview for Noti-Uno, broadcast on
Christmas Day 1995, Fernando Toledo, President of the
Puerto Rico Agricultural Association, expressed his conviction 
that the chupacabras is not an indigenous species.
‘I think that if we already know it’s not an ape,’ he said,
cwe must then be dealing with an extraterrestrial. . .’24

A MUTILATION WITNESSED

At about 02.15 on 12 January 1997, Piedro Viera
(pseudonym), a former police officer, was driving from
Caguas to Humacao, on Route 30, which adjoins the
southern borders of the El Yunque National Forest,
when suddenly he saw a light in the sky, coming from the
direction of El Yunque, growing larger until it appeared
as an object shaped like an upturned saucer. ‘It came
closer until it was about 200 yards away from me, then
stopped,’ he told me. ‘So I pulled up at the side of the
road, where there were some cows in a pasture.’
It was about 150 feet in diameter, with around 12 to 15 square
lights or windows. A blue-green conical beam of light came
down from the craft and engulfed two of the cows, one of
which was levitated towards the craft. The cow vanished
suddenly when it was about five feet from the underside. Then
the craft began to move away slowly in the direction of
Humacao.

Viera tried to follow the disc in his truck. At that
moment, a black 4X4 pickup came along and two men,
dressed in black military-style clothes and caps, came
out and ordered him to switch off his engine and remain
where he was for at least 10 minutes.
‘Why?’ asked Viera.
‘Just stay where you are and allow us to continue what
we are doing,’ came the reply.

The men returned to their pick-up and followed the
craft. After 15 minutes, Viera proceeded on his journey.

Soon, he came to a Brahman cow, lying at the side of the
road, similar to the one he had seen earlier. ‘It had
apparently been dropped from above, because two of its
legs were badly broken,’ he explained. ‘There were
about five straight incisions along the side, one going up
to the chest, and a circular hole in its rump. But there
was hardly any blood . . .’

Viera impressed me as an honest witness. Even prior to
publication of his story by Jorge Martin, he began to
receive threats, which continued for some time. He is certain 
these threats came from American federal agents.25

A VISIT TO AN ALIEN BASE?

One night in June 1988, Carlos Manuel Mercado claims
to have been visited by three alien beings in his home in
Cabo Rojo and taken by saucer to their base in the Sierra
Bermeja, adjoining the Laguna Cartagena.

The beings were similar in most respects to the
stereotypical ‘Greys’, except that they had some bumps
on their facial skin. When they addressed him, he ‘heard’
them, though their mouths did not move. All three were
dressed in tight-fitting, sandy-coloured one-piece suits.

Mercado was taken outside his house and down the road
to some open ground, where, he says, a domed, discshaped 
craft stood on three legs. Entering the craft via a
stairway leading to an opening underneath the central
section, he found himself inside what he assumed was
the flight deck, with other small beings and a taller being,
‘a little more human-like’, the same size as Mercado (five
feet nine inches), dressed in a white robe. After the taller
being assured Mercado that he would come to no harm,
the craft took off and Mercado says he was able to watch
through the portholes as it headed towards the Sierra
Bermeja, only a few miles away.26

‘As the craft approached the El Cayul mountain,’
Mercado told me, ‘I saw this brilliant light, something
opened up, and the craft went in there, through a sort of
tunnel and into a large cavern. We all got out of the
craft. It was very brilliantly lit inside the cavern and I
was given some sort of glasses to wear. Everything
seemed to be made out of aluminium. “I’m going to
show you how advanced we are,” the taller being said to
me.

‘There were many barracks-like structures and
hundreds of the little aliens, some wearing a type of cap,
working as if on production lines, assembling
machinery, and there were many crafts: saucer-shaped,
like the one we went in; boomerang- or triangular- and
hexagonal-shaped.’27 The tall being then addressed
Mercado:

As you can see, we have a base here for the maintenance of our
crafts’ systems. We have been here for a long time and don’t
intend to leave. We want the Earth people to know that we
mean no harm, that we don’t mean to conquer you either. We
want to reach out to you to establish a direct relationship
which will be beneficial to both parties ...

‘Why me?’ Mercado protested. ‘I’m a simple man, and
no one will believe me.’
‘It doesn’t matter,’ came the response. ‘People will
hear you, as well as many others we are contacting and
bringing here to show them the same. When [educated]
people hear what you simple people - as you call
yourself - are saying, they will know that you are telling
the truth.’28

Mercado was then returned to his house.
‘Are you certain that this wasn’t just a dream?’ I asked
Mercado, during an interview at his house in Cabo Rojo
in 1997.
‘Sometimes I wonder if it was a dream, but it was all
so very real,’ he replied. ‘I certainly don’t remember
falling asleep. I was watching TV when they came to the
house, and when I returned at 3.00 a.m., I told my wife
about it.’
‘What do you think they are doing here?’
‘My feeling is that they are investigating how they can
survive here,’ came his very interesting reply.
‘Do you think the base is still there?’
‘I feel they’re probably still there. There’s so much still
happening.’29

Jorge Martin knows another resident of the area - a
high-ranking military officer - who claims a similar
experience. ‘Everything he says corroborates the details
given by Carlos Manuel Mercado,’ Jorge reports,
‘especially the place where the mountain slope opens
down to the purported base in El Cayul mountain.’30
I have been to the Laguna Cartagena and Sierra
Bermeja areas on many occasions, and my disappointment 
at never having seen anything unusual
there is always mitigated by the beautiful scenery. I can
well understand why the putative aliens might want to
stay there. And thus far, the little grey men have kept the
place green.

CONCATENATIONS

One of the many fascinating aspects of these reports is
the suggestion of a link between the truly alien-looking
species and those of a quasi-human appearance.

Throughout this book I have shown repeatedly that alien
species are more varied than we commonly suppose.

While in most cases the various species seem to operate
singly, there have been encounters where two types are
seen together. A classic example of alien collaboration is
the well-known case of Travis Walton who, in the
presence of six human witnesses at Heber, Arizona, in
November 1975, was knocked unconscious by a beam
of light from an unknown craft. He was apparently
‘beamed’ on board and kept there for five days.

On recovering consciousness, Walton was confronted
by three humanoids, a little under five feet in height,
dressed in coveralls, with bald, oversized heads and
almost chalk-white skin. Unlike the stereotypical
‘Greys’, however, who have large black eyes with no
visible iris or pupils, these had large brown eyes with
irises twice the size of those of humans, and very little of
the white eyeball showing. Elsewhere on the craft,
Walton encountered three taller, human-like men and
one woman, whose only really distinguishing feature as
that, as Walton wrote in his important book, Fire in the
Sky, ‘something was definitely odd’ about their eyes,
though he could not discern what that oddity was.

Were the smaller humanoids another race altogether?

Or, as I tend to believe, biological robots? ‘Who was cooperating 
with whom?’ asks Walton. ‘I saw nothing to
indicate the answer to that question. In fact, I never saw
the two types together in one place at the same time.’ It
might have helped had the aliens communicated with
Walton, but all his questions drew nothing but silence
from them.31

My earlier book Alien Liaison devotes a chapter to the
remarkable events experienced by ‘Jim’ [Evans], a
former US Air Force security officer, his family, and
others, at their ranch in Colorado, beginning in 1975.

Those events included cattle mutilations, sightings of a
‘Bigfoot’ creature and disc-shaped objects, and an
eventual encounter with two quasi-human beings, who
seemed to be in charge. The encounter took place late
one night. Jim’s description of this particular type of
beings accords with those of many others, going back as
far as 1920, e.g., that of Albert Coe (Chapter 2). They
were approximately five feet six inches tall,’ he reported.

They had on tight-fitting clothing, you know, like a
flight suit.’
I	noticed the clothing changing colour, from brown to silver,
but I don’t know how. They were very fair, had large eyes and
seemed perfectly normal, completely relaxed. They had blond
[short] hair with something over the head . . . The thing that
impressed the most was the eyes . . . Their facial features were
finer. They were almost delicately effeminate [and] completely
self-assured.

During the meeting, with the aid of a box-like device,
the beings demonstrated their complete control over the
Bigfoot creature, which, regardless of whether such
creatures are indigenous to Earth or not, implies that
they are used in subservient roles. Jim was convinced
that an alien base was located on his ranch, which,
significantly, overlooked a US Air Force base. ‘I can only
assume they are watching us - watching our military
potential,’ he told investigators.

‘It’s not big brothers from space who are interested in
us as spiritual beings or whatever,’ continued Jim.
‘We’re nuisances, although I think they may be more
humanitarian than we are. I have no doubts that they are
mutilating the cattle. They are being lifted into the air,
they are being drained of blood, they are being
mutilated, and they are being lowered.’

A concomitant of cattle mutilations is often the
presence of military helicopters in the area where the
mutilations have occurred, leading many to believe that
the military is responsible. Jim disagreed. ‘I figured out
early in the game that the government is sending in
helicopters in large numbers from several sources,’ he
said, ‘but they are doing it to cover what is really
happening.’32

It is significant to me that in many areas where there
has been a plethora of animal mutilations - such as in
Puerto Rico and Colorado - rumours abound of alien
bases in the vicinity. Perhaps these rumours are not
without foundation. If there is a requirement for animal
blood, organs and tissue - for whatever purpose - it is
reasonable that a nearby base of operations would be
useful. Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso, US Army
(Retired), who served in the Army staff’s Research and
Development directorate at the Pentagon in the early
1960.s, believes that the extraterrestrial biological
entities (EBEs) are or were ‘experimenting with organ
harvesting, possibly for transplant into other species or
for processing into some sort of nutrient package or even
to create some sort of hybrid biological entity’. He
claims that, although the first public reports of cattle
mutilations surfaced around 1967, ‘at the White House
we were reading about the mutilation stories that had
been kept out of the press as far back as the middle
1950s, especially in the area around Colorado’.33

Another state which has experienced an inordinate
number of cattle mutilations is New Mexico. Over the
years, I have travelled the length and breadth of this, one
of my favourite American states, investigating various
claims associated with the multi-faceted UFO
phenomenon. Two areas where alien bases are alleged to
exist, or to have existed, are Dulce (not far from the
border with Colorado) and the Manzano Mountains,
near Albuquerque. The latter area features in Beyond
Top Secret, and earlier in this book, where I discuss
sightings reported by security personnel in the vicinity of
the Manzano Weapons Storage Area. Interestingly, I was
told by a reliable source that an alien base supposedly
existed in that vicinity at one time.

In March 1997, I spent some time in Dulce, on the
Jicarilla Apache Indian Reservation, encompassing
840.,000	acres of scenic mountains and rugged mesas,
took aerial photographs of the Archuleta Mesa (where
the base was said to be located) and talked with local
people. I saw thousands of unmutilated cattle. Although
many bizarre things had indeed happened on the
reservation in the past, including unusual activity on the
Mesa and numerous cattle mutilations (see Alien
Liaison), I learned that nothing much of interest seems
to have happened in recent years. The only animal
mutilations are those done by human hunters: deer and
elk abound in the area and, in lesser numbers, black bear
and mountain lion.

The bewildering profusion of alien species described in
this book - and more could have been included - suggests 
that at least a dozen different species have visited
Earth. This does not necessarily mean that they all come
from different planets. The diverse indigenous human
and animal species abundant on Earth are an indication
that other planets similarly support a variety of species.

Many aliens may be essentially independent of planets.

Moreover, I do not discount the possibility that some
might be indigenous to Earth: the stories relating to the
peculiar people of Mount Shasta (Chapter 2), for
example, give pause for thought.

It is hard enough for many of us to come to terms with
the possibility that even one race of extraterrestrial
beings may be interacting with us, let alone a possible
dozen or so. However, I must emphasize that the
encounters described in these pages cover a lengthy
period, and I do not believe therefore that all these races
have come here simultaneously; most of them probably
pass through our solar system only occasionally, though
the evidence does suggest periods of intensive ‘multiracial’ 
activity.

The evidence also suggests that several extraterrestrial
races have established underground and undersea bases
on Earth, perhaps as a centre of operations within the
solar system. Herbert Schirmer, the policeman abducted
aboard an alien craft in Nebraska in 1967, was told by
the crew that they had bases on Venus, Jupiter - and
Earth. ‘There are definitely bases in the United States,’
said Schirmer. ‘There is a base located beneath the ocean
off the coast of Florida which is a big thing . . . used for
our benefit and theirs. There is a base in [a] polar region
[and] another big base right off the coast of Argentina.
These bases are underground or under the water.’34

As to the alien agenda, I do not have all the answers,
nor do I subscribe to a single hypothesis. Schirmer, for
instance, was told that the aliens ‘collected’ samples of
various types of vegetation, animals - and humans. ‘He
said they had a programme known as “breeding
analysis” and some humans had been used in these
experiments. He didn’t say if humans were kidnapped
and taken away . . .’35
It may be that one or more races are creating hybrid
species. If this is the case, the reasons may not be simple.

One plausibility is that the creation of such hybrid
species may be due to adaptation to living on Earth -
which begs profound questions.

Others based here, concerned perhaps about the
potentially catastrophic combination of our war-like
tendencies with nuclear, biological and chemical
weaponry, as well as over-population, pollution of the
environment, potentially disastrous geological disturbances, 
or disturbances on Earth relating to solar
activity, and so on, may feel it necessary to monitor our
activities - particularly if they have a vested interest in
the survival of this planet. It is also likely that some of
the more advanced species may feel under no obligation
to declare themselves openly, preferring to remain apart
from the mass of humanity, knowing that it might be
centuries before we are capable of assimilating the
culture shock.

The clandestine alien activity reported on the
enchanted isle of Puerto Rico may be a reflection of what
is happening on a wider scale on alien base Earth - this
enchanting isle in the galactic ocean.

They are here, confounding our concepts of space and
time. Some are malign, others benign. Contact has been
established - though not necessarily on our own terms,
nor according to our preconceived notions.


------------------------------------------------
Notes

1.	Martin, Jorge, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’,
Alien Update, ed. Timothy Good, Arrow, London, 1993,
pp. 16-17.
2.	Interview with the author, San Juan, 5 September 1997.
3.	‘UFO Phenomena in Puerto Rico’, summarized from a
report by Sebastian Robiou, The APRO Bulletin,
November-December 1970, pp. 6-7.
4.	Martin, Jorge, ‘The Alien Presence in our Seas’, Evidencia
OVNI, no. 13, 1997, pp. 34-5, CEDICOP Inc., PO Box
29516., San Juan, Puerto Rico 00929-0516, translated by
Margaret Barling.
5.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’, pp.
10.-11, 14-18.
6.	Good, Timothy, Alien Liaison: The Ultimate Secret,
Century, London, 1991, pp. 5-7.
7.	Martin, Jorge, ‘US Jets Abducted by UFOs in Puerto Rico’,
The UFO Report 1991, ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick &
Jackson, London, 1990, p. 201.
8.	Martin, Jorge, ‘Puerto Rico’s Astounding UFO Situation’,
The UFO Report 1992, ed. Timothy Good, Sidgwick &
Jackson, 1991, pp. 106-9.
9.	Del Amo-Freixedo, Magdalena, ‘Puerto Rico: An Area of
Extraterrestrial Experimentation?’, Flying Saucer Review,
vol. 39, no. 1, spring 1994, pp. 8-9, translated by Gordon
Creighton from Espacio y Tiempo, no. 17, July 1992,
Madrid.
10.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’, pp. 24-5.
11.	Ibid., pp. 25-6.
12.	Martin, Jorge, ‘Encounters with Aliens in El Yunque’,
Evidencia OVNI, no. 8, 1996, pp. 42-7, translated by
Carlos L. Moreno.
13.	Martin, Jorge, ‘A Flying Saucer Base in the Santiago Base,
Salinas, Puerto Rico?’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 8, 1996, pp.
26.-32, translated by Carlos L. Moreno.
14.	Ibid., p. 8.
15.	Interview with the author, 5 September 1997.
16.	Martin, Jorge, ‘At Last! The Truth about the Salinas “ET
Corpse”’, Evidencia OVNI, no. 11, 1995, pp. 16-25,
translated by Jorge Martin.
17.	Martin, Jorge, ‘Reported Discovery of Alien (?) Corpse in
Puerto Rico (Part I)’, translated by Gordon Creighton,
Flying Saucer Review, vol. 42, no. 1, spring 1997, pp.
15.-19, from Evidencia OVNI, no. 3, 1994.
18.	Martin, ‘At Last! The Truth about the Salinas “ET
Corpse”.
19.	Martin, Jorge, ‘The Chupacabras Phenomenon’, UFO
Magazine (UK), March-April 1996, pp. 20-3.
20.	Corrales, Scott, The Chupacabras Diaries: An Unofficial
Chronicle of Puerto Rico's Paranormal Predator, Samizdat
Press, PO Box 228, Derrick City, Pennsylvania 16727-
0228.,1996, pp. 26-7.
21.	Interview with the author, 5 September 1997.
22.	Martin, ‘The Chupacabras Phenomenon’, op. cit., p. 23.
23.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’, op. cit., p.31. 
24.	Corrales, op. cit., p. 68.
25.	Interview with the author, translated by Jorge Martin,
Caguas, 28 November 1997
26.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’, pp.
27.-31.
27.	Interview with the author, translated by Carlos Moreno,
Cabo Rojo, 2 September 1997.
28.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’.
29.	Interview with the author, 2 September 1997.
30.	Martin, ‘Is There an Alien Base in Puerto Rico?’.
31.	Walton, Travis, Fire in the Sky: The Walton Experience,
Marlowe Sc Co., New York, 1996, pp. 103, 171.
32.	Good, op. cit., pp. 52-4.
33.	Corso, Col. Philip J., with Birnes, William J., The Day
After Roswell, Pocket Books, New York and London,
1997., pp. 181-2.
34.	Blum, Ralph, With Blum, Judy, Beyond Earth: Man's
Contact with UFOs, Corgi Books, London, 1974, p. 115.
35.	Norman, Eric, Gods, Demons and UFOs, Lancer Books,
New York, 1970, pp. 185-6.


====================================================
Some Recommended UFO Journals

Evidencia OVNI
CEDICOP Inc., PO Box 29516, San Juan,
Puerto Rico 00929-0516
(N.B. Spanish only)

Flying Saucer Review
FSR Publications Ltd., PO Box 162,
High Wycombe, Bucks, HP13 5DZ, UK

International UFO Reporter
J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies,
2457. West Peterson Avenue, Chicago,
Illinois 60659, USA

Journal of UFO Studies
J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies,
2457. West Peterson Avenue, Chicago,
Illinois 60659, USA
(N.B. An annual journal publishing mostly scientific
papers)

Lumieres Dans La Nuit
BP No. 3, 77123 Le Vaudoue, France

MUFON UFO Journal
Mutual UFO Network, 103 Oldtowne Road,
Seguin, Texas 78155-4099, USA

UFO
Rivista di Informazione Ufologica
Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici
CP 82, 10100 Torino, Italy 

UFO
PO Box 1053, Sunland, California 91041-1053, USA

UFO Magazine
Quest Publications International Ltd.
Lloyds Bank Chambers, West Street,
Ilkley, West Yorkshire, LS29 9DW, UK

UFO Newsclipping Service
#2 Caney Valley Drive
Plumerville, Arkansas 72127, USA
Please consult the chapter notes for details of some
other UFO journals and organizations.

=======================================================
INDEX

abductions 1-3, 129, 190, 305-6, 309-10, 362, 448-50,466, 481-2, 486, 487, 495,504-7, 538-40, 541
as a product of cultural
conditioning 1
hypnotic regression 1-2, 366,368, 507
hypotheses 1, 545
see also aliens; missing time
Abud, Joao 372
Acosta, Rosa 525
Adamski, George 67, 70, 212,216-17, 223, 227, 238,242, 245, 246, 247, 249,262, 269, 327, 339-40,363, 367, 371, 373, 458
audience with Pope John XXIII 183-6
background 134-5
childhood contacts 201
deception practised by 148-9,150, 153, 198, 202
on defence against an alien
threat 194-5
Desert Center contact 31-2,35, 136-46, 206, 223
Desert Hot Springs story 186-7
disinformation given to 177,197-8, 203, 207-8
FBI investigations 50, 134,135-6, 149, 150-53
‘firefly effect’ 16S-9
‘green fireballs’ 191-4
hieroglyphics 140, 142, 146,150
Kansas City contact 190-1
manners of 187
meeting with President
Kennedy 186
meeting with Queen Juliana 181
meetings with various officials 181-3
Moon, descriptions of 173-5,179, 200
OSI investigations 150, 152,153
philosophy of 135, 195, 198
photographs by 137, 138-9,141, 146, 147-50, 151,153-5, 188, 190, 199
physical evidence 157, 190,199
Pioneers of Space 200-2
Royal Order of Tibet 135,198, 199
Saturn trip 197, 202
Silver Spring movie film 154-5
trips in spacecraft 155-65,168-75, 187-90, 190-1,195-7, 201
Venus, descriptions of 195-7,200-1
Aerial Phenomena Research
Organization (APRO) 24,110, 325, 460
Aerojet General Corporation 75,76, 101
AeroMexico see pilot sightings
Agricultural University of Lima
(Peru) 437
Aguiar, Joao 443-5
‘Alan’ see Fry, Daniel
Albanese, Renate 269, 270-71
Albuquerque Air Route Control
Center 514-16
Alen^ar, Jose Jean 486
Alexander, Dr Rolf 112
alien apparatuses/gadgets/
instruments 26, 27, 40,40-1, 44, 48-9, 56, 62-3,72,81-2, 94,106,111,114, 124, 128-9, 130, 158-60, 162-3, 172-3, 188,215,229, 230, 233, 240, 245,246, 248-9, 261, 266, 270,275, 276, 288, 299-300,302, 304, 306, 312, 315,327, 329-30, 341, 342,348-9, 350, 351, 366, 367,374, 379, 380-1, 382-3,383-4, 398, 406, 408, 410-11,419, 420, 423,429-30,434, 445, 446, 450, 453,467, 474-5, 491-2, 494,497, 498,512, 542
alien bases 7, 48, 113, 203, 204,367, 462-3
Argentina 267-8, 301, 358,458, 545
Australia 338, 339-41
Central Africa 306
Central Asia 306
Gulf of Mexico 301-2
Jupiter (moons) 338, 544
Mars 324-5, 331, 333, 338
Mexico 514
Moon 174-5, 176-7, 179-80,259, 324, 338
Pamirs 306
Peru 371-2, 422-4, 426, 429-31, 437-8
polar regions 544
Puerto Rico 462-3, 522-3,525, 527, 530-1, 538-40,545
South America 306, 338, 341
Tibet 201
Uruguay 301
USA 260-1, 340-1, 542-3,544
USSR 338
Venezuela 456-7
Venus 47-8, 259, 333, 544
alien craft grounded
Argentina 110-1
Canada 51-2, 53
France 114-15
Italy 496-9
South Africa 121-8
Sweden 61-5
UK 472-8
USA 347-53
alien encounters
anon. Argentina 266-8
anon. Bolivia 441-3
anon. Brazil 225-6, 368-71,373-4
anon. Canada 51-3
anon. France 307-8, 507-11
anon. Germany 34-5
anon. Spain 53
anon. USA 37-8, 227-9
anon. USSR 511-2
see also
Anderson, Freddie
Appleton, Cynthia
Arnoux, Madeleine
Barroso, Luis Fernandes
‘Ben’
Blondeau, Claude
‘Bobby’
Bogea, Jose Benedito
Botta, Dr Enrique
Burtoo, Alfred
Camacho, Marisol
Carlsson, Gosta
Coe, Albert
da Costa e Rosa, Olmira
d’Ambros, Angelo
de Souza, Inacio
Diaz, Dr Leopoldo
Droguet, M.

Edwards, Allan
Espanol, Miguel
Evans, Jim
Facchini, Bruno
Ferraudi, Orlando Jorge
Figueroa, Miguel
Filiputti, Giorgio
Flores, Lorenzo
Fry, Daniel
Galli, Luciano
Ghibaudi, Bruno
Gomez, Jesus
Gomez Contreras, Virgilio
Gonzales, Gustavo
Guimaraes, Prof. J. Freitas
‘H.M.’
Higgins, Jose
Horsley, Sir Peter
Jacobsen, Edith
‘Joelle’
Leite, Nelson
Leger, Daniel
Lewis, Hubert
McGinnis, Lucy
Maceiras, Ventura
Machado, Aristeu
‘Madame X’
Margarida
Medina, Ligia
Menger, Howard
Mercado, Carlos Manuel
‘Merryweather, Mary’
Monguzzi, Gianpietro
Morais, Pedro
Moreira, Jesus Antunes
Pallmann, Ludwig F.

Paz, Jesus
Perez, Daniel
Perez, Ulises
Platner, Julio
Ponce, Jose
Ramirez de Perez, Quinn
Ribeiro, Prof. Wilton
Rizzi, Walter
Roestenburg, Jessie
‘Rose C.’
Sadovskaia, Ludmila
Schirmer, Herbert
Serra, Luis Carlos
Siedlecki, Jan
Silveira, Paulo Caetano
Simonton, Joe
Smythe, Donald
Solvang, Asta
Sutton family
Tolentino, Madelyn
Torres, Luis
Villa, Apolinar (Paul)
Villaneuva, Salvador
Walton, Travis
Wartena, Udo
Watts, Carroll Wayne
Wolf, M.

Wolski, Jan
Zayas, Jose Luis ‘Chino’
Zuccala, Mario
alien language and speech 27,34,37, 54, 72-3,106,114,122-3, 140, 142, 144, 214,222, 239, 253, 270, 275,279, 281,283, 290,315,327, 341,406, 408, 409,423, 434, 465, 475, 482,490, 493, 500, 503, 508,527
alien lighting 54, 62, 63, 81,111, 114, 125, 159, 164,232, 246, 267, 271-2, 275-6, 278, 303, 306, 308, 309,311,312, 315, 316, 318,319, 351, 360, 364, 369,373, 374, 379, 381, 382,398, 399, 400, 435, 442,447, 448, 452-3, 454, 459,474, 476, 477, 479, 480,481,483, 485,487, 505,526
alien spacecraft propulsion 17,28, 42-3, 54, 55-6, 57, 63,86-8, 109, 126, 143, 144-5,158,159-61, 162, 194,223, 229, 233, 262, 267,276, 281,283, 303, 307,308, 312, 325, 326, 327,329-30, 333, 343, 349,360, 361, 362, 367, 398,400,419, 424, 425, 453-4,455-6, 459, 467, 475, 476,477, 498,517
alien specimens see Puerto Rico
alien technology
defence/weapons systems 106,218, 220, 230, 232, 268,273-4, 293, 304, 306, 316,317, 327, 354, 364, 366,367, 374, 382-3, 386, 390,398, 400, 442, 481,482,526, 542
domestic appliances/
conveniences 83, 170-1,246, 248-9,381,382,419,420, 430-1, 505
hermetic sealing 228, 229,327
‘processing’ 247, 249
projected images 204, 280,281,318-9, 342,509
see also aliens
technology transfer 7, 66,262, 531-2
translating/speaking devices 169-70, 243-4,315,318,406, 408,410-11,428,434, 474-5, 503
aliens
anthropomorphic nature of 5
as extra-dimensional beings 203-4, 289, 343, 410
as indigenous to Earth 71,259-60, 499, 531-2, 542,544
as a threat 7, 180-1, 287, 306,317, 393, 452, 488
colonization by 5, 46-7, 98,130, 302-3, 545
common ancestry with
humans 5, 47, 91-2, 131,302-3, 338
culture 342-3, 420-1
diet 171, 244, 249, 342, 397,419-20,422-3
disinformation by 177, 197-8,203, 207-8, 334, 367
healings by 68, 406, 412, 415,416, 46, 483
hybridization projects of 1,47, 338, 345, 422, 429-30,545
infiltration by 45-6, 71, 79,87, 89, 96-7, 100-1, 103,141, 156, 172, 205, 242-3,282, 284, 288-9, 292, 338,363
longevity of 49, 103, 170,171, 196, 200, 304, 338,385, 399, 403, 432
mathematics of 94
mentally induced images by 204, 280, 281,313-4, 342,408-9
mining activities of 261-2
on cosmogony 287
on overpopulation 432
origins 46-7, 55, 90-1, 126-7,140, 141, 156, 216, 240,242, 271,278, 280, 281,293, 301,316, 326, 367,385, 396, 402, 403, 407,420-1, 455, 462, 544
reasons for visits 15, 45-6, 71,79, 103-4, 131, 140, 198,261,268, 276-7, 280, 285,288-9, 293,304,316, 324,363, 385, 422, 456, 462,463, 503, 539, 540, 542-3,544-5
sexuality 25241304, 397,410, 433, 506, 533
sports 423-4
telepathy see telepathy
America West see pilot sightings
American disc-aircraft 531-2
Amezcua, Dr Luis 470
Anders, Bill 176
Anderson, Freddie 529
Andrus, Walter 33
animal mutilations 352, 441,542-3
Bolivia 441-3
Brazil 446-7
Puerto Rico 522, 534-5, 536-8, 54
USA 542-4
Anomalous Biological Entities
(ABEs) see Puerto Rico
Apollo VIII 175, 176, 178
Apollo X 169
Apollo XI 174, 178
Apollo XII 178
Appleton, Cynthia 280-1, 342
Araujo, Cmdr. Jorge Campos 271-2
Archuleta Mesa (Dulce, New
Mexico) 543-4
Ardanza, Capt. Julian Lucas 362-3
Argentine Air Force 268
Argentine National Atomic
Power Commission 455
Argentine National
Telecommunications Board 506
Argentine Navy 363
UFO investigations 359
Argentine Society for the
Investigation of Unusual
Phenomena 458
Armstrong, Neil 174
Arnoux, Madeleine 20-1
Artie, John 523
Arts Educational School
(London)334
Associated Press (AP) 389
Aston, Warren 57
Athayde, Reginaldo 486
Atlantis 47, 92, 260
Atlas missile 76
Aztec Indians 240
Bailey, Alfred 137
Bailey, Betty 137
Bajenov, Maj. 16
Baker, Sgt. Jerrold 146, 148-9,155
Ballistic Missile Defense
Organization 178
ball-lightning 61, 508
Barker, Gray 258
Barnes, Sgt. R. 356
Barra, Giacomo 307
Barratt, Sir Arthur 285
Barroso, Luis Fernandes 485-6
Bell Labs 7
‘Ben’ 465-8
Benitez, Juan Jose 121, 125-6,127
‘Benton’, Lt. Cmdr. 115-19
Bernardini, Ezio 109
Bernhard, Prince 181
Berry, Richard 252
beryllium 261
Bible 71, 94, 328
Bicknell, Capt. Jack 120
‘Big Bang’ 287
‘Bigfoot’ 541, 542
binary star systems 403
Bingham, John 313, 318, 319
biological robots 450, 506, 541
Birdsall, Mark Ian 29, 473, 474,475, 476, 478
Blazs, Ben 332
Blodget, Charlotte 158, 187
Bloecher, Ted 347, 353
Blondeau, Claude 114-5
Blue John Caves (Derbyshire)
335-6
Blum, Ralph 19
Blum, Judy 19
‘Bobby’ 313-19
Bogea, Jose Benedito 482-3
Boeing Airplane Co. 14-15
B-52 Stratofortress 524
Bolivian Air Force see pilot
sightings
Bolnar, Dr Zbigniew 495
Borman, Frank 178
Botta, Dr Enrique C. 110-12
Bowles, Oscar 441-2
Bracci, Paulo 305
Brazilian Air Force
Intelligence 273, 484
UFO investigations 273, 277,451,452, 484, 485
UFO Study Dept. 451
Brazilian Army 273, 485
Brazilian Federal Police 374,443, 445-6
Brazilian Navy
Intelligence 481
UFO investigations 484
British Army 4
British Broadcasting
Corporation (BBC) 175,179, 435
British Museum 341
British Rheostat Company 121
Browning, Sir Frederick 289,290
Buhler, Dr Walter 444, 502
Burtoo, Alfred 466, 495, 499,506-7
Busquets, Ruben 358-9
Bussad, Dr Munir 451
C-46, Curtiss-Wright 272
C-47, Douglas 271-2
CV-240, Convair 357-8
caduceus 90, 91-2
Callisto (Jupiter) 338
Camacho, Marisol 528
cancer 305, 364-5, 432
Caraballo, Sotero 299
Carlos, Manoel 447, 448
Carlsson, Gosta 61-5
Carpenter, Maj. Donald 235-6
Carulli, Sgt. Thomas 523-4
Carvalho, Dr W. Cecim 485
Casey, Gerry 11-15
Caswell, Ronald 185, 186
Central Intelligence Agency
(CIA) 6,189, 255-6, 339,368
Cerny, Paul 353, 357
Cervantes, Capt. Raimundo 513
Cerve, Wishar 37-8
Chappedelaine, Sgt. 29
Chase-Smith, Sen. Margaret 182-3
Chidlaw, Gen. Benjamin 212
Chilean Air Force 340
chirimoya fruit 423
Chiumiento, Antonio 497, 499
Chongquing (China) sighting 8
chupacabras 5, 522, 534-7
chupa-chupas 481
Christ 56, 68, 345
CINDACTA (Brazil) 517
Clark, Jerome 471, 472
Clarke, Arthur C. 5
Clemente, Gaston 363
Clementine space probe 178
Clifton Bore (South Australia)
encounter 465-8
Cochero, Dr Felix 359
Coe, Albert 39-51, 53, 89, 542
colonization see aliens
Columba, Dr Fortunato 359
Columbus, Christopher 286,413
Coma Berenices 326
communications interference
caused by UFOs 357-8
Condon, Dr Edward 332, 368,389
Conquistadores 240
Contreras, Virgilio Gomez 462
Cooke, James 280
Cordillera Blanca (Peru) 372
Corso, Lt. Col. Philip J. 7, 66,113, 180, 441,543
cosmogony see aliens
Cosso, Jorge H. 299
Courter, William 388
Craig, Stephen 524
Cramer, Sgt. 257
Cramp, Leonard 362
Creighton, Gordon 7-8, 223,227, 268, 269, 274, 292,306, 402, 447, 452
Crescent Engineering &
Research Company 76
Crespo, Dr Cirley 450
Cresson, J. 233
Crystall, Ellen 261, 281
culture shock 96, 288, 294, 345,545
Cuzco Valley (Andes) 47
da Costa e Rosa, Olmira 226-7
D’Ambros, Angelo 499-501
Darbishire, Stephen 155
Dargie, Sgt. Clarence 212-13
da Silveira, Dr Irineu Jose 60
deaths attributed to UFOs
Joao Prestes Filho 59-61
Inacio de Souza 364-5
Luis Fernandes Barroso 485-6
de Beyssac, Cmdr. Jean Vincent 272
de Brio, Mario Alves 451
de Brito, Joao 483
de Cuellar, Javier Perez 3
de Freitas Guimaraes, Dr Joao 274-7
del Amo-Freixedo, Magdalena 527
de Leon, Antonio Ponce 371
de los Santos Montiel, Carlos 468-72
de Mille, Cecil B. 154
de Souza, Alceu Marcilio 485
de Souza, Inacio 364-5
de Souza, Luiza 364-5
Detwiler, D.J. 149
Diaz, Dr Leopoldo 284
Diaz, Julio Interian 470
‘Dickson, Slim’ 479
Doridant, Gilbert 217
Douglas DC-4 115
Dow Corning 7
Droguet, M. 232-4
Dr Who 312
Dry den, Dr Hugh L. 19
Dufour, Claude 511
Dulce (New Mexico) vii, 543-4
Dulles, Allen W. 189
Dumas, Alexandre 130
Dyall, Valentine 337
earthquakes 399, 456, 525, 545
East African Airways see pilot
sightings
Edwards, Allan 66-71
Edwards, Maj. Ernest 459-60
Edwards, Frank 220-1
Eickhoff, Thomas 189
Eisenhower, President Dwight 231,232
El Alto International Airport (La
Paz) 460-1
Elders, Britt 513
electrostatic effects caused by
UFOs 16,17,19
electromagnetic interference
caused by UFOs 242, 246,272, 273-4, 276, 400, 401,451,452, 506, 529, 530
see also communications
interference; electrostatic
effects; engine failure;
instrument failure; power
blackouts; radar cases
El Yunque National Rain Forest
see Puerto Rico
Elizabeth II, Queen 4, 285
Embraer EMB-712 Puti see pilot sightings
engine failure caused by aliens/UFOs 18, 19, 38,220, 266, 267, 272, 273-4,278, 380, 449, 462
Espanol, Miguel 278
Europa (Jupiter) 338
Evans, Jim 541-2
Extraterrestrial Biological
Entities (EBEs) 180, 543
Facchini, Bruno 105-10, 114
Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) 14, 358, 480
Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI) 50, 134, 135-6, 150-3
Federation of American
Scientists 6
Feliciano, Dr Lincoln 277
Feoktistov, Konstantin 168
Fernandez, Julio 142
Ferraudi, Orlando Jorge 299-305
Ferriz, Pedro 471
Figueroa, Miguel 326-7
Filiputti, Giorgio 496-9
‘firefly effect’ 168-9
‘Firkon’ 158, 160, 162, 165
Fish, Dr Anthony 352
F.K., Lt. Cmdr. 115, 116, 118
Flammonde, Paris 257-8
Flores, Lorenzo 230, 231
Flying Saucer Review 8
Fontes, Dr Olavo 273-4
‘foo-fighters’ 18-20, 28-9, 172
see also remotely controlled
probes
Ford, Brian 31
Ford, John 154
Fouere, Rene 31, 177
Fowler, Raymond 22
Franco, Dr Alberto 277
Fredrickson, Sven-Olof 64
Freedom of Information Act (USA) 50
French Foreign Legion 360-2
French Government 61, 361
Friend, Maj. Robert 128
Frodsham, Prof. J.D. 339
Fry, Daniel 75-104
Fry, Florence 99,102
Fussell, Capt. H.B. 120
Galileo spacecraft 338
Galindez, Oscar 267
Galli, Luciano 269-71
Ganymede (Jupiter) 338
Gardner, Robert 212
Gemini spacecraft 169
German disc-aircraft 29-31, 65,134
Ghibaudi, Bruno 291-4
‘ghost rockets’ 61
Giese, Dr Daniel Rebisso 483-4
Girvan, Waveney 121
Giudici, Antonio 105, 107
Glenn, John 168
God 286, 303-4, 325, 399, 431
Gold, Dr Thomas 174
Gomes, Gilberto 451
Gomez, Jesus 230-1
Gomez, Juan 372
Gomez Contreras, Virgilio 462
Gomide, Aracy 60
Gonzales, Gustavo 229-30, 231
Gonzales, Horacio 110, 111,112
Gonzales, Rep. Jose Nunez 536-7
Gorbachev, President Mikhail 511
Goteborg Information Centre on
UFOs (GICOFF) 64
Gourain, Charles 131
gravity 55-6, 73, 79, 86-8, 126,162, 194,281,286, 325,367, 402
see also alien spacecraft
propulsion
‘green fireballs’ 191-4
Greenwell, Russell 234
Grevler, Ann 161
Grumman F6F Hellcat 33-4
Grupo de Pesquisas Cientffico-
Ufologicas (GPCU) 516,521
guayaba fruit 429
Guma, Jane Thomas 299, 456
Gunston, Bill 65
‘hairy dwarfs’ 227-31
hallucination 3, 4, 40, 50, 63,277, 291,311,357, 365,470
Halstead, Frank 179
Hammarskjold, Dag 182
‘Hammel’, Capt. Walt 478-81
Hanford Engineering Works 33-4
Harder, Dr James 24-5
Hecker, R. C. 460
Heiden, Richard 472
Higgins, Jose 71-3, 365
Hill, Barney 495
Hill, Betty 495
Hillenkoetter, Rear Adm. R.
180
‘H.M.’ 121-9,318
Hinfelaar, Henk 197
Hitler, Adolf 134
HMS Victorious 321
Home Office (UK) 344
Hornet, Prof. Marcel 146
Honey, Carol 181-2, 199-200,203
Hoover, J. Edgar 151, 153
Hopkins, Budd 1, 2-3
Horsley, Sir Peter 3-4, 284-91,292
Hotchkins, Mr 252
Hubble Space Telescope 403
Huffman, Rev. William 22-3
Hughes Aircraft 7
Humble, Ronald 31
Hunt Williamson, Betty 137
Hunt Williamson, George 137,145
hybridization see aliens
Hynek, Dr. J. Allen 128, 389,390, 471-2
hypnosis 271, 289, 344
hypnotic regression see abductions
IBM 7
Ildone, Jose 485
‘Ilmuth’ 164
Inaba, Yoshiharu 357-8
infiltration see aliens
injuries see physical trauma
attributed to aliens
instrument failure caused by
UFOs 357,513
International Geophysical Year
(IGY) 363
Italian Navy 109
Jacobs, Dr David 1
Jacobsen, Edith 221-3
Janus, Mr 285-90, 291
Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) 331
Jicarilla Apache Indian
Reservation (New Mexico) 543-4
‘Joelle’ 203, 281,334-45
Johnson, Henry 388
Jones, William 119-20
Jongbloed, Prof. 181
Jordan, Peter 252, 262-3
Juliana, Queen 181
Julien, H. 360
Jupiter 338, 544
‘Kalna’ 164, 205
Keel, John 198, 258
Kendricks, Mickey 391
Kennedy, President John F. 186-7
Keyhoe, Maj. Donald 115, 221
Kice, Police Chief 257
Kietlinski, Dr 495
Killick, Victor 356
Kimery, Tony 378, 389
Kinder, Gary 104
Klarer, Elizabeth 4
Klass, Philip 99
Klein, Dr 329
Knowles, Rear Adm. H. 3, 274
Komarov, Vladimir 168
Korff, Kal K. 104
La Croix (France) 227-8
Laguna Cartagena see Puerto Rico
Lake Titicaca (Peru) 371-2
Lake Yanacocha (Peru) 371
Lankford, Glennie 234
LaPaz, Dr Lincoln 192, 193,329
Lasca, Carlos 363
LaWall-Harrison Consultants 255
Lebanon 47
Leger, Daniel 17-18, 26-9, 30,31,32-3, 229
Leite, Nelson Vieira 447-9
Leite, Rubem Vieira 451-2
Lemuria 38, 47, 92
Leslie, Desmond viii, 31, 136,153-4, 155, 157, 175, 203-4,215,216-17
Lewis, Hubert 279-80, 282-4
lithium 281
Lockheed F-94 Starfire 220-1
Lockheed Lodestar 120
Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star 13
Lockheed SR-71 6
Lockheed U-2 6
Loftin, Robert 388, 389
London Symphony Orchestra 99, 206
Lopez, Juan 536
Loretani, Diana 358-9
Loretani, Marcela 358-9
Lorenzen, Coral 110, 135, 226,227, 325
Lorenzen, Jim 24, 135, 325
Los Alamos National
Laboratory 192-3
Low, Dr Robert 332
Lowman, Paul D. Jr 176
Lufthansa see pilot sightings
Luftwaffe 18, 26
M., Dr 117-18
McCloud, Capt. 356-7
McDonnell Douglas 33
F-101 Voodoo 460
McGinnis, Lucy 137-8, 145-6,149, 200, 202, 523
McKinney, Hazel 391
McLaughlin, Cmdr. Robert 101-2
McLeaish, John 175-6
McNallen, Steve 390
McNeil, Kevin 465, 466-7, 468
Maceiras, Ventura 452-6
Machado, Aristeu 443
Machado, Creuza 443
Machado, Euripides 446-7
Machado, Maria Nazare 443,445
Machado, Pedro Trajano 446-7
Madeira, Dr Linda 486
Mack, Dr John 1
‘Madame X’ 507-11
Maddox, Alvin 392
magnesium 367
Maiquetfa International Airport (Caracas) 457
Maison Francais Hospital
(Lima) 415-17
Majima, Tetsu 357-8
Mann, Charlotte 22-4
Mansour, Joseph 154
Manzano Laboratory (New
Mexico) 459-60
Manzano Mountains 543
Maquis 21, 334
Margarida 484
Marimbonda Hydroelectric
Plant (Brazil) 502-4
Markert, Daphne 402
Markert, Hans 402
Markham, Mrs 285, 289-90
Marley, Pev 154
Maron, Jose Luis 451
Mars 2, 46, 324-5, 385, 422
atmosphere 47, 98, 331
‘canals’ 331
civilizations past 47
Mariner 331
Pathfinder 331, 504
plant life 331
Viking 331
Marshall, Gen. George 112
Marta, Sister 417
Martin, Gen. 210, 289, 290
Martin, Jorge viii, 462, 522,523, 524, 526, 528, 529-30, 531,532, 534, 535-6,540
Martin, Marleen viii, 530, 535
Martin, Mr 331
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology 100
Maussan, Jaime 513
Mebane, Alexander 100, 132
Medina, Aristides 526
Medina, Sra Ligia 523
Meier, Eduard ‘Billy’ 102, 104
Mejia, Luis 231
‘men in black’ 390-1, 471-2,538
Mendes da Silva, Airton 517
Menger, Connie 250-1, 255,259, 260-1
Menger, Howard
as a fantasizer 262
bilocation 256-7
early contacts 238-42
Moon visit 247-50, 260
movie films 258, 262
on origins of space people 259-60
photographs 246, 247, 249,259, 261,262
potato analysis 255-6
‘processing’ by aliens 247,249, 343
‘recantation’ 257-8
trips in spacecraft 246-50
wartime experiences 240-2
witness testimony 250-4, 262-3
Menger, Rose 250, 252, 253
Menger, Sr. 251
Mercado, Carlos Manuel 538-40
mercury 126
Mercury VI 168
Merrifield, Dennis 120
‘Merryweather, Mary’ 347-53
Mesquita, Capt. Fernando 513
Mesnard, Joel 217, 218, 311,312
Messerschmitt Me-163 29
Mexicana Airlines 472
see also pilot sightings
Mexico City International
Airport 468-70, 512-13
‘Michel’311-12
Michel, Aime 59
‘Michelin men’ 232-4, 453
micrometeoroids (‘space dust’) 169
Miethe, Dr Richard 30
Miller, Freddie 461-2
Milwaukee Depth (Puerto Rico) 462-3
Ministry of Defence (UK) 4, 8,290-1
Miranda, Benedito 451-2
Mirim River (Peru) 422
missing aircraft 212, 213, 525
missing people 56, 182, 212,213,461-2
missing time 304, 310, 360-2,419, 529
Monguzzi, Gianpietro 279
Moon
alien bases 175, 176-7, 179-80, 249-50, 260, 338
alien threat 180-1
artificial constructions 176-7,177-9, 249-50
atmosphere 177, 250, 260
clouds 178
colouration 175-6
‘frozen lake’ 178
Gassendi crater 178
gravity 177
Mare Crisium 179
Piccolomini crater 179
rilles 174, 177-8
Schmidt crater 175-6
surface structure 174, 175,250
transient lunar phenomena
(TLPs) 178
Tsiolkovsky crater 176
vegetation 174-5, 177, 250
water 174, 175, 178
Moon, Prof. Parry 100
Mooney, Peter see F.K., Lt.

Cmdr.

Moore, Lawrence 16
Moore, Patrick 175, 178
Morais, Pedro 227
Morales, Sgt. Benjamin 532-3
Morales, Wito 532
Moreira, Jesus Antunes 502-4
Morlet, May 183
Moseley, James 149, 258
Mougeolle, Roger 217-19
Mountbatten, Lord 53
Mount Shasta 37-8, 544
‘Mr X’ 253-4
Muller, Robert 284
Musgrave, John 51, 52-3
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) 33
Myers, Adrian 155
National Advisory Committee
for Aeronautics 19
National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA) 19,175-6, 180-1,331,338,403, 451, 530, 534
National Bureau of Standards 19
National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) 115
National Security Agency (NSA) 339
National Security Council 7, 9,180, 441
Navidad, Maria 416, 417
Naviero (steamship) 362-3
Nebel, ‘Long’ John 251, 253-4
Negishi, Joji 358
New Mexico Air National
Guard see pilot sightings
Nielsen, Olaf 227-8
Nilson, Dr 111
Nolla, Col. Jose A. 537
‘Norca’ 46
Norstrom, Finn 223
North American Aerospace
Defense Command (NORAD) 515-6
North American F-86 Sabre 236
North American F-100 Super
Sabre 461
Northrop F-89 Scorpion 212
nuclear weapons 17, 191, 242,452
aliens’ concern with 46, 95,103, 131, 140, 170, 191,256, 268, 276-7, 285, 293,304,317, 331,344, 452,456, 545
sightings over installations 15,33-4, 101-2, 192-4, 459-60,523-4
‘Nunn, Mary’ 25
Nunnelly, Donald 380, 385, 390
Oak Ridge National Laboratory 352
Oberth, Prof. Hermann 30-1,65-6
Obregon, Osterling 372
Observer Corps (UK) 20
Office of Special Investigations (OSI) see United States Air Force
Ogden, Richard 188
Oliveira, Col. Adil 452
O’Neill, John 179
Operations Coordination Board 9, 441
Orion 306
‘Orthon’ 31-2, 134, 136, 139-44, 147, 149, 150, 151,157, 158, 161, 188, 195,196, 204, 371
Overstreet, Mr 121
Pagani, Capt. Omar 359-60
Paiva, Manoel 481
Pallmann, Ludwig F.
alien culture 420-1
alien health and longevity 432
alien physiognomy 405-6,408,410, 413-14
alien sexuality 410, 433
aliens’ discovery of Earth 421-2
at the Amazon base 422-6,429-31,437
at the Hotel Crillon, Lima 417
attempts to trace 436-7, 438
corroborations 436-7
death of Xiti 434
encounter in El Salvador 434
encounter in hospital 415-16
encounters in India 405-14
evacuation of the Amazon
base 433
factory planet 421
flights in spacecraft 419, 427-8
healings by Satu Ra and Xiti 406,412,415-16, 426
home planet 420-1
hybridization projects 422,429-30, 437
involvement of Amazon
Indians at base 425-6
religious and social
development of aliens 429,431,432-3
trip to Colombia 427-9
Palomar Gardens Cafe 136
Palomar Observatory 135, 136,151-2
Park-Sheraton Hotel (New
York) encounter 206-7
paralysis caused by aliens 21,37, 57, 218, 224, 228, 233,268, 315, 327, 360, 366,374, 395, 399, 442, 443,448,450, 451,483, 485,487, 493, 503, 528
Parker, Michael 290
Paz, Jesus 231
Pecha, Bill 502
Peenemiinde experimental centre 29
Pelotas (Brazil) encounter 516-20
Pentagon 6, 101, 120, 178, 180,258, 524, 543
Pereira, Jader 370-1
Perez, Calixto 533-4
Perez, Daniel 535, 536
Perez, Ulises 528
Philip, Prince 4, 285, 289, 290
Phobos (Mars) 324-5
physical and psychological
trauma attributed to aliens 70-1, 108, 112, 144, 146,225, 230, 231,232, 273,274,317,318,319, 355,356, 361, 364-5, 367-8,385, 390, 392-3, 401, 448,451,454-5, 481,483,485-7, 541
physical evidence including
landing traces 52-3, 64,107-8, 111-12, 157, 190,199, 228-9, 255-6, 292,351-3, 359, 361,371,401,449, 477, 478, 494, 499,532-4, 536, 538
physical examinations by aliens 56, 302, 379, 383-4, 385,493-4, 504-5
Picco, Hector Antonio 299, 304-5
Pike, John E. 6
pilot sightings
AeroMexico (1994) 512-13
America West (1995) 514-16
Bolivian Air Force (1973) 461
East African Airways (1951) 120-1
Embraer EMB-712 (1996) 516-20
Lloyd Bolivian Airlines (1973) 460-1
Lufthansa (1978) 501
Mexicana Airlines (1994) 513
New Mexico Air National Guard (1973) 460
Piper PA-24 (Mexico 1975) 468-70
Soviet Air Force (1944) 16-17
TOA Airlines/Tokyo Airlines (1965) 357-8
Trans World Airlines (1977) 478-81
US Air Force (1953) 212-13
US Air Force (1954) 220-1
US Army Air Forces (1943) 13-15, 19
US Navy (1945) 33-4
US Navy (1951) 115-19
VARIG Airlines (1957) 271-2,273
see also missing aircraft
pineal gland 302-3
Pine Gap (Australia) 339-40
Piper PA-24 Comanche see pilot sightings
pituitary gland 48
Pizarro, Dr Adolfo 506
plate tectonics 456, 462-3
platinum 97
Platner, Julio 504-7
Ponce, Jose 229-30, 231
Pope John XXIII 183-6
Powell, Rolan D. 33-4
power blackouts attributed to
UFOs 212-13, 502,512,529-30
Pratt, Bob 481,486-8
Prestes Filho, Joao 59-61
Prohibition 198-9
Project Blue Book 15, 120, 128,160, 235,389, 471, 516
Project Prime Argus 191
Project Grudge 15
Project Horizon 180
Project Sign 15
projected images see aliens
Puerto Rico
Agricultural Association 537
alien specimen 532-4
Anomalous Biological Entities (ABEs) 534-7
capture and mutilation of a
cow 537-8
capture of chupacabras 536
disappearance of US Navy jets 525
earth tremor 525
El Cayul mountain 539-40
El Yunque National Forest 527, 529, 537
House of Representatives
resolution 536-7
Laguna Cartagena 522, 525,526, 528-9, 538, 540
mutilations by ABEs 522,534-5, 536-7
NASA involvement in
investigations 530, 534
National Guard (Army) 529,530
Police 532-3
Salinas (Santiago Camp) 529-32
Senate 536-7
Sierra Bermeja 525, 540
State Agency of Civil Defense 537
US Army 529, 536
US Navy 321-2, 524, 525
visit to alien base 538-40
see also chupacabras
Puerto Rico Trench 322, 462-3
Puthoff, Dr Hal 103
Quest International 474, 549
radar cases 33, 101, 118, 212,220, 321,324, 470,513
radiation belts 170, 173, 277
Rainey, John 380, 385
Ramirez de Perez, Quinn 522-3
Ramirez, de Perez, Zulma 522-3
‘Ramu’ 158
Rando, Eduardo R. 299
Reagan, President Ronald 3,331
retrieved alien craft 112
Missouri, USA (1941) 22-4
New Mexico, USA (1947) 6,22
‘North of Georgia’, USA (1942) 25
Sonora, Mexico (1941) 24-5
USA (1954) 227-9
remotely controlled probes 89,94, 172-3, 244-5, 252, 288,326, 327, 329-31, 367,398, 476
see also ‘foo-fighters’
Reitsch, Hanna 29
Rey, Oscar 53
Ribeiro, Prof. Wilton 372-3
Richards, Dr. Tom 252-3, 254
Rimes, Nigel 374
Rizzi, Walter 393-403, 432
robots 163, 353-6, 395-6, 398,399,511
see also biological robots
Rodeffer, Madeleine 154-5, 206,388
Rodriguez, Jose Luis 531-2
Roestenburg, Anthony 223, 225
Roestenburg, Jessie 223-5
Romaniuk, Pedro 453-6
‘Rose C.’ 129-31, 134
Rosicrucianism 38
Ross, Dr Dennis 207
Roswell (New Mexico) incident 6, 7, 22, 66, 515
Royal Academy of Music (London) 313
Royal Air Force 20, 279
Air Force Operations Room (AFOR) 290-1
Strike Command 3, 284
UFO investigations 8, 290-1
US Air Force, liaison with 8
Royal Navy (UFO sighting) 321
Royal Order of Tibet see
Adamski, George
Royal Philharmonic Orchestra 205
Ruppelt, Capt. Edward 160-1
Russell, Livia 16
Russell, Roy 198
Sadovskaia, Ludmila 512
Sagan, Carl 48
Salema, Maj. Paulo 277
Salomon, Maj. Norberto 461
Sanderson, Ivan 321-2
Santiago, Osvald 532
Satu Ra see Pallmann, Ludwig F.
Saturn 197
Saud, Prof. Sohail 372-3
Schaper, Gen. H. 181
Scherer, Hon. Gordon 189
Schirmer, Herbert 365-8, 544-5
Schriever, Rudolf 30
Schwarz, Dr Berthold 50, 263,347
Scott, Dr Irena 119-20
Semitjov, Eugen 64
Serra, Luis Carlos 486-7
Sheppard, Capt. Graham 514
Sherwood, William 155, 331,332, 333
Sider, Jean 18, 28, 31, 32-3,227, 229
Siedlecki, Jan 472-8
Sierra Bermeja see Puerto Rico
Sierra Madres (Mexico) 514
Sierra Nevada (California) 38
Silva, Armando 457
Silva la Mora, Ignacio 469
Silvano, Ceccarelli 309-10
Silveira, Paulo Caetano 449-52
Simoes, Cmdr. Auriphebo 272
Simonton, Joe 128, 129
Skyhook balloons 101
smells associated with alien craft 63,111,227,383, 395,454, 476, 494
Smith, Warren 366, 367-8
‘Smith, William’ 524
Smith, Willy 402
Smythe, Donald 353-7, 362
Soares, Edgar 271
Soares, Victor 447
Solvang, Asta 221-3
sounds associated with alien
craft 20, 28, 42, 54, 57, 63,71,73, 106, 107, 131,215,216,217, 224, 226, 227,231, 233, 266, 268, 273,280,312,313,314-15,316, 326, 329, 333, 341,347, 356, 360, 362, 364,367, 368,372,381,382,400,419, 443,448,450,452, 453, 468, 477, 478,487, 490, 491, 494-5, 496,498,510,512, 525, 531,535
Soviet Air Force see pilot sightings
Soviet Army 17, 235-6
space-time distortion 130, 286,312, 447, 448, 478, 545
‘Special Group’ see Operations
Coordination Board
Speiser, Jim 524
Spiritualist Association of Great
Britain 283
spiritualism 282, 283
Sprinkle, Dr Leo 24
spy satellites 339
Stafford, Lt. Gen. Thomas 169,176
Stanford, Ray 198-9, 201
Stanford, Rex 198
Starr, Hal 514
Steckling, Fred 176-7
Steele, Bill 20
Stevens, Lt. Col. Wendelle 436-8, 441-2
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) 7
Strieber, Whitley 1, 2
Stringfield, Leonard 22, 23, 24,25, 110, 111
Sun 46, 55, 87, 287, 456, 545
Sturt Desert (Australia) 465
Stuttaford, Dr Thomas 4, 291
Suarez, Romero 113
Surikov, Gen. Maj. Boris 16-17
Sutton, Cecil and family 234-5,501
Szent-Gyorgyi, Dr Albert 305
Tarade, Guy 131
Tau Ceti 46
Taylor, Billy 234
Taylor, Capt. James 115
telepathy 25, 26, 49, 69, 82, 89,95, 130, 140, 141, 156,164-5, 201,205,206, 207,214, 239, 241, 275, 276,280, 285, 289, 290, 292,299, 300, 302, 324, 325,326-7, 337, 341, 344, 386-7, 396, 397, 403, 409-10,417, 450, 455,466, 482,504, 538
‘terraforming’ 48
Thant, U 333
The X Files 1, 59
Thirouin, Marc 31
Thomas, Neil 225
Thompson, Richard 254-5, 256,262-3
Thompson, Richard L. 439
Thomson, Sir Mark ix, 321
Tiber 47, 97, 201
titanium 261, 281
Todd, Donald R. 479, 480-1
TO A Airlines see pilot sightings
Tokyo Airlines see pilot sightings
Toledo, Fernando 537
Tolentino, Madelyn 536
Tollefson, Capt. Eugene 514
Tolosano, Marc 508, 510-11
Torres, Luis 527-8
Torres, Margarita 527-8
translating devices see alien
technology
Trans World Airlines see pilot
sightings
Tree, William 478
Trudeau, Gen. Arthur 180
Turner, Dr David 188
Twining, Gen. Nathan 180
Ulrich, Dr 329
Ulrich, Martha 198
ultrasonics 274
Uncorrelated Event Reports
(UERs) 516
unidentified submergible objects
(USOs) 113, 260,363
Argentina 113, 301, 363, 458
Atlantic 362-3, 480
Brazil 275, 483
Mediterranean 307-8
Peru 371-2
Puerto Rico 321-2, 462-3,522, 523-4, 526
Venezuela 456-7
United Nations (UN) 3, 182,284, 333
United Press International (UPI) 389
United States Air Force (USAF) 6, 8, 15, 22, 152, 153, 154,180,181, 182,212-13,231, 323, 332, 352, 356-7,368, 380, 388, 542
Academy (Dept, of Physics) 235-6
Air Defense Command 212
Cannon Air Force Base 515
Griffiss Air Force Base 220,221
Intelligence 6, 18-19, 22, 110,118, 152, 221
Kirdand Air Force Base 459-60
McClellan Air Force Base 356
Manzano Weapons Storage
Area 459-60, 543
Mather Air Force Base 356
Office of Special
Investigations (OSI) 150,152,153
Otis Air Force Base 212
‘perception management’ 6
Ramey Air Force Base 523-4
Roswell Report 6
special planners 6
see also pilot sightings; projects; University of Colorado 
United States Army 7, 66, 69,101, 180, 240-1,242, 273,529
Camp Cook 239
Camp Lee 66-8
Foreign Technology division 7, 66
Fort Campbell 235
Intelligence 180, 192, 193-4,240-1
Research & Development directorate 7, 66, 180, 543
San Juan (Puerto Rico) base 536
United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) see pilots sightings
United States Congress 392
United States Department of
Agriculture 536
United States Department of
Defense 358
United States Government 9,186, 197, 261,441
United States Navy 3, 101, 525
Office of Naval Intelligence 24, 118, 241
Pasco Naval Air Station 33
Patuxent Naval Air Station 118
Polaris 322-3
Project Prime Argus 191
secret investigations 113, 119-20
see also pilot sightings
University of Colorado UFO
study group (Condon Committee) 332, 368, 388,389
‘Untouchables’ 411-12
University of Puerto Rico 533
USS Wasp 322
Utter, Capt. Werner 501
V-l flying bomb 19-20, 29
V-le 29
V-2 29
V-7 project 29-3, 65
Valentich, Frederick 472
Vallee, Dr Jacques 18-19, 187,322-3, 488
Vandenberg, Gen. Hoyt 180
VARIG Airlines see pilot sightings
Vatican see Adamski, George
Vega, Hugo Luyo 458-9
Vienna Akademie 313
Venus 2, 4, 46, 140, 242, 259,260, 271, 278, 281, 282,422, 462, 544
atmosphere 46, 47-8, 195-7
colonization 47, 48
rotation 197
temperature 47
Vernon, Charles 121
vibrations associated with UFOs 16,28,42, 71,233, 276,419, 494,512, 531
‘Viera, Pedro’ 537-8
Villa, Apolinar (Paul)
background 323
conversation with U Thant 333
descriptions of aliens 324,326-7, 328-9, 333-4
experimental discs 330-1
first contact (1953) 324-5
investigation by University of Colorado UFO study group 332
on alien bases 333
on Mars 331
photographs by 325, 328,330, 331, 332, 333
predictions by 331
threats against 332-3
Villanueva, Salvador 213-17
Villas Boas, Antonio 384
Vishnu, Lord 407
von Braun, Dr Wernher 29, 30,66
Voskhod 1168
Vultee Valiant BT-13 13
Waller, John 514-16
Walt Disney Studios 332
Walton, Travis 541
Ward, Lord George 157
Wartena, Udo 53-7
Watts, Carroll Wayne
assaults on 385, 390-1
flights in spacecraft 381-5
missing photographs 389
photographs by 387-8
physical examination by
aliens 383-4, 385
polygraph examination 390
press coverage 388-9, 392
prison sentence 393
‘recantation’ 377, 389-90
sightings by neighbours 391-2
support from police 391
threats to 389-91, 393
Watts, Rosemary 377, 380, 385,387,388,390-1,392, 393
Wawrzonek, Witold 495
Webb, Walter 514, 516
Wedd, Tony 279
Wells, Alice 136, 137
Westendorff, Haroldo 516-20
Westendorff, Haroldo Jr 517
White House 95, 186-7, 543
White Sands Proving Grounds 75, 101-2
Wilkins, Dr. H. Percy 179, 219-20
Willard Hotel (Washington) 186
Williams, Loring 366
Williams, Rebecca 283
Wirz, Willi 374
Wolf, M. 360-2
Wolski, Jan 490-5, 499, 512,533
‘woman in black’ 484
Woomera Test Range (South
Australia) 338
Worley, Don 352, 392-3
Wynne, L.R. 390
Xiti see Pallmann, Ludwig F.

Yegorov, Boris 168
yoga 281
Yogananda, Paramahansa 204
Zayas, Elizabeth 533, 534
Zayas, Jose Luis ‘Chino’ 532-3,534
Zinsstag, Louise (Lou) 99, 102,141-2, 183-5, 186-7, 191,195, 197-8, 203, 259, 333,334, 395, 402
zirconium 261
‘Zret’ see Coe, Albert
Zuccala, Mario 309-11
‘ZuhP 170-1


===============================================================================
PHOTO GALLERY

A light-enhanced frame from the 8mm movie film taken by George Adamski,
in the presence of Madeleine Rodeffer and others, at her home in Silver Spring,
Maryland, on 26 February 1965. The craft was estimated by an optical physicist
to be 27 feet in diameter. (© Madeleine Rodeffer)
The huge Schmidt crater, situated on lunar upland near the Sea of Tranquillity,
photographed in May 1969 by the astronauts on board the Apollo X lunar
module, commanded by Lt.-Gen. Thomas P. Stafford. A Hasselblad 500EL/
70.mm camera and Zeiss Sonnar 250mm telephoto lens were used. (NASA)

The valley at the Blue John Caves, Derbyshire, where the contactee ‘Joelle’
witnessed the landing of an extraterrestrial craft in September 1963.
(© Timothy Good)
A sketch by ‘Joelle’ of the craft. Note the similarity to some of the craft
photographed by Paul Villa. The portholes were round, not oval as depicted.

FACING PAGE
Top: Apolinar (Paul) Villa, the publicity-shy contactee who in the 1960s took a
remarkable series of colour photos of what he claimed were various types of
extraterrestrial craft. He is shown here during an interview with the author in
1976. (© Timothy Good)
The Apus folding camera, with a Rokuoh-sha f4.5 75mm focal length lens, with
which Paul Villa took all his pictures, using 120 format Kodacolor film.
(© Timothy Good)


Photos selected from the series taken by Paul Villa, 1963-6 (Copyright
claimed in 1967 by UFO International, PO Box 552, Detroit, Michigan
48232.)
Photos 1-6 taken on 16 June 1963 near the town of Peralta, about 15 miles
south of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
1.	Craft above Villa’s truck.
2.	According to Villa, the craft flipped on its edge with the lower part rotating.
3.	Because no branch is shown in front of the disc, some believe it must have
been a model suspended in front of the tree. Villa maintained however that
many of the branches on the trees were vibrating, due to some effect from the
craft; therefore, perhaps, it did not register sharply on the picture.
4.	While some believe that the craft shown here is also a model suspended from
the trees, evidence suggests that it is further away from the camera.
5.	The craft at this point is purportedly about a quarter of a mile away from the
camera. Note the out-of-focus foliage in the foreground, suggesting that the
craft is not a small model.
6.	Villa’s most well-known photo, arguably the best of the series taken in 1963.

The craft was a few hundred yards away. Although the upper, domed structure
could be turned independently from the lower section, it appeared to remain
stationary during flight and the lower section alone rotated at different speeds.

Photos 7-9 taken on 18 April 1965, about 20 miles south of Albuquerque, close
to the bed of the Rio Grande.
7.,	8. In photo above, the lower branches of the tree at right were vibrating
violently.
9.	Just above and to the left of the tailgate of Villa’s truck can be seen a small
cloud of smoke. According to Villa, as a demonstration of some of their powers,
the extraterrestrials shot a brilliant ray of light at the ground, causing the brush
and trees to ignite. Examination of this photo indicates that the craft is a large
object at a considerable distance from the camera.

Photos 10-16 taken on 19 June 1966, three miles west of Algodones and 30
miles north of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
10.	This craft was one of several remotely controlled discs, varying in diameter
from three to six feet. The tripod landing gear did not telescope into the disc
but seemed to just shoot in or out of the bottom. Villa was informed by his
extraterrestrial contacts that the rod protruding from the dome was an optical
device which could be retracted inside the dome.
11.,	12. The disc shown here is about three feet in diameter, accompanied by
smaller spheres. When it landed it bounced, shot straight up, then landed again
in the same place. The smaller spheres, about three inches in diameter, seemed
to rotate around the larger six-inch sphere when away from the disc. When
close up to it, however, the large spheres always remained on top or close to it.
13. Photographed at about 11.00 am, this disc was also about three feet in
diameter.
14. and 15 (opposite above). Paul Villa claimed that these two photographs
show an experimental disc, three feet in diameter, which he made according to
specifications given to him by his extraterrestrial contacts. He did not
manufacture the smaller sphere, which he said was monitoring the not entirely
successful test flight.
15.
16. Villa asserted that this photo, one of two taken between 12.45 to 1.00 pm,
show a manned craft about 40 feet in diameter, in which were stored the
smaller, remotely controlled disc-probes. The problem here is that it is
difficult, if not impossible, to differentiate between these particular photos and
the others in this series.

A portrait of ‘Xiti’, the extraterrestrial lady initially encountered by Ludwig
Pallmann in India in 1964, painted by the Polish painter, Vera Waleska, and
commissioned by Pallmann. Xiti had unusually large eyes, peculiar fingertips,
and sometimes wore a delicate blue veil, depicted here. She is shown
surrounded by some of the plants that allegedly were being hybridized by the
extraterrestrials, and (top right), the three disc-shaped spacecraft based at the
plantation. Unable to reproduce on canvas Xiti’s extremely unusual clothes - as
described by Pallmann - Waleska painted her in the seventeenth-century
French style. {Vera Waleska/Ludwig Pallmann)


An aerial craft projecting
beams of light,
photographed by an
anonymous doctor on 23
March 1974, near
Tavernes, Var, during a
wave of sightings in
France.

Below: No details are
available about this
enlargement of an
interesting and probably
genuine photo, published
by the Californian
researcher Gabriel Green
in the late 1960s.


The Laguna Cartagena, part of the National Wildlife Refuge in Cabo Rojo,
Puerto Rico, and (below) the El Yunque National Forest, where many islanders
believe alien bases are located. (© Timothy Good)


The small creature
killed by ‘Chino’
Zayas in a cave
behind the Puerto
Rico National
Guard Camp at
Santiago, Puerto
Rico, in 1979 or
1980. For these
photos, taken by
Rafael Baerga a year
or so after the
incident, the
creature was taken
out of the jar in
which it had been
preserved in
formaldehyde.

Below is a photo of
the creature’s skull,
clearly showing
where it had been
struck a fatal blow.
(Rafael Baerga)


The notorious ‘chupacabras’,
reported in the mid-1990s by
numerous witnesses in Puerto
Rico. This painting by Jorge
Martin is regarded as the most
accurate representation of these
creatures, which reportedly were
responsible for the deaths of
hundreds of animals.
(Jorge Martin)
Below: One of the several Polaroid
photos by Filiberto Caponi of a
creature he encountered on
several occasions outside his home
in Ascoli Piceno, Abruzzo, Italy, in
1993. (© Filiberto Caponi)


Left: Ensign Rolan D. Powell,
beside his Grumman F6F Hellcat
on board the aircraft carrier USS
Yorktown during the Battle of Leyte
Gulf, Second World War. In the
summer of 1945, while based at the
US Naval Air Station, Pasco,
Washington, Powell and five other
Hellcat pilots were scrambled to
intercept an unknown flying craft
‘the size of three aircraft carriers
side by side’ hovering at high
altitude above the top-secret
plutonium production facility for
the world’s first nuclear bombs at
Hanford. (US Navy)
Below: A Grumman Hellcat.

During the interception above
Hanford, the pilots were ordered
to force their aircraft to 42,000 feet
- well above their rated ceiling -
but were unable to reach the
unknown craft.
(© Timothy Good)


(left) Gosta Carlsson at the
site in Angelholm, Sweden,
where in May 1946 he
claimed to have
encountered a landed craft
and extraterrestrial men
and women. (Goteborg
Information Centre on UFOs)
Left: Daniel Fry, the rocket
engineer who claimed to
have been taken for a ride
in an uninhabited
spacecraft which landed at
the White Sands Proving
Grounds, New Mexico, in
1949., and who later
claimed periodic contacts
with an extraterrestrial.

Far left: Enlargement of a
probably genuine photo
taken by Fry near Baldwin
Park, California, in
September 1954.


Two of Adamski’s
celebrated series of photos
of the ‘Venusian
scoutcraft’, photographed
through his 6-inch
reflector telescope at
Palomar Gardens,
California, on 13
December 1952. Adamski
stressed that the
photographs (right and
below) should be printed
showing both the field of
view of the telescope as
well as the unusual light
forms. (© G. A. F.

International)
Far left: Bruno Facchini, showing the jacket and boots he wore during his
encounter with a craft grounded for repairs near Milan, Italy, in April 1950.
(Domenica del Corriere)
Left: One of the pieces of metal found by Facchini at the landing site, believed
to be residue from the repair operation he witnessed. (Domenica del Corriere)


According to Adamski, this giant carrier-craft functioned as a submarine, as
well as a spacecraft. Photographed through Adamski’s telescope on 9 March
1951.	(© G. A. F. International)
A giant carrier-craft photographed by Adamski through his telescope on 1 May
1952.	The craft was hovering over a mountain some 30 miles away, enabling its
length to be estimated as between 1,200 to 1,500 feet. Adamski asserted that
the small notch (amidships bottom) is the exit port for smaller ‘scout craft’
which, on return, enter by a hatch on the upper deck. (© G. A. F. International)


The controversial photograph reportedly taken by Sgt. Jerrold Baker with a
Kodak Brownie camera, shortly after Adamski’s famous telescopic pictures of
the ‘scout-craft’ were taken at Palomar Gardens on 13 December 1952.

Although Baker signed a statement testifying that he had taken the picture, he
later recanted (© G. A. F. International)
Right: The famous
photographic plate
with substituted
hieroglyphic-type
symbols, given to
Adamski by
‘Orthon’ in
December 1952.
(© G. A. F.

InternationaI)
One of the plaster casts of Orthon’s footprints, in the possession of Desmond
Leslie. (© Timothy Good)


George Adamski (right) with Lou Zinsstag. In the early 60s, disillusioned by
Adamski’s increasingly extreme claims, Zinsstag resigned from her position as
his Swiss co-worker. To the end of her life, however, she supported his original
claims.

Lucy McGinnis, one of
the six witnesses to
Adamski’s encounter
with an extraterrestrial
near Desert Center,
California, in
November 1952.

McGinnis worked as
Adamski’s voluntary
secretary for fourteen
years, but resigned in
the early 60s. Like Lou
Zinsstag, she
supported Adamski’s
original claims until
her death.
(© Timothy Good)


Above right: An Adamski-
type craft photographed
by Stephen Darbishire at
Coniston, Lancashire, in
February 1954, and (above
left) his seldom seen
second photograph,
showing a distortion effect
similar to that visible in
the Silver Spring film. To
this day, Darbishire, now a
successful painter, stands
by the authenticity of his
photos.
(© Stephen Darbishire)
Stephen Darbishire (left)
and his cousin, Adrian
Myers, who also witnessed
the encounter.


One of a series of four Polaroid photos purportedly taken by one of the
extraterrestrials from a ‘scout-craft’, showing Adamski (second from left)
looking through a porthole in a carrier-craft during a trip into space in April
1955.	(© G. A. F. International)


Air Marshal Sir Peter Horsley, former Deputy Commander-in-Chief of Strike
Command and Equerry to HM The Queen and Prince Philip for seven years,
who in 1954 had a two-hour meeting with an apparently extraterrestrial man in
London. Sir Peter is shown here in the cockpit of a Hawker Hunter T7 at RAF
Valley in May 1975, with his nephew, Flt.-Lt. Gjertsen, in the co-pilot’s seat.
(© Crown Copyright)
Howard Menger, a
charismatic contactee who
rose to prominence in the
late 1950s, shown here
during an interview with
the author in 1978.
(© Timothy Good)


One of Menger’s Polaroid photos of a landed craft, taken in 1956.
(© Howard Menger)
An alleged spaceman, also photographed with a Polaroid camera by Menger in
1956.	Note the ‘aura’ surrounding the craft, explained by the spacemen as due
to an ‘electromagnetic flux’ emanating from the craft, which also gave rise to
various optical distortions (see, for example, the dome). (© Howard Menger)


A supposed spacewoman photographed with a Polaroid camera by Howard
Menger in 1956. The light is not a flashlight but a gadget attached to the
woman’s belt, which, when touched, rendered her invisible. (© Howard Menger)
Above right: Frames from a 16mm movie film taken by Howard Menger in the
Blue Mountains, Pennsylvania, in the late 1950s. (© Howard Menger)
Below: A light-enhanced photo of the Gassendi crater on the Moon, taken in
the 1930s through a 100-inch telescope, showing some interesting features.

Howard Menger, as well as George Adamski and other contactees, claimed that
the extraterrestrials had bases on the Moon. (Mount Wilson Observatory)


Carroll Wayne Watts and his wife Rosemary, following his disturbing
encounters with alien beings near Wellington, Texas, in 1967. After publication
of his story and some of his photos in February 1968, Watts received several
threats to his life. (Associated Press)
Above right: An enlargement of a photograph showing what Watts claimed was
the hairless head and shoulders of one of the alien beings. ‘The man appears to
have hair, but it was a shadow on the back of his head,’ Watts explained.
{Carroll Wayne Watts)

Right: A
Polaroid
photograph of
one of the craft
Watts claims
to have
encountered,
taken on 11
June 1967. The
craft was about
100. feet in
length.
{Carroll Wayne
Watts)


Herbert Schirmer, the police patrolman who claims to have been taken aboard
an alien craft in Ashland, Nebraska, in December 1967, and (right) his drawing
of the crew leader. (© Warren Smith & Herbert Schirmer)
Walter Rizzi, who claims to have
encountered a landed alien craft and
its occupants in the Dolomite
Jan Siedlecki, who claimed to have	Mountains of Italy in July 1968. This
boarded an alien craft in Cross Gates,	picture was taken in 1997.

Leeds, in 1976. (© Timothy Good)	(© Timothy Good)


Left: The two ‘bio-robots’ seen in
February 1991 by former police officer
Luis Torres and his wife, together with
two police colleagues and their wives, in
the El Yunque National Forest of Puerto
Rico. This sketch by investigator Jorge
Martin was approved by the witnesses.
(Jorge Martin)


Below: Carlos Mercado, who claims to
have been abducted by alien beings in
June 1988 and taken to their base in the
Sierra Bermeja, beside the Laguna
Cartagena, Puerto Rico. (© Timothy Good)
Haroldo Westendorff, a champion aerobatics pilot, beside his Embraer 712 in
which he circled a huge, unidentified aerial craft at Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul,
Brazil, in October 1996. (GPCU, Pelotas)
