============================================================================
Title Pages


TIMOTHY GOOD 

With a Foreword by the former Chief of Defense Staff, 
Lord Hill-NortonJG.C.B 

Critical Acclaim for Above Top Secret 
' 'Above Top Secret tells a shocking, frightening, and deeply moving story.

It reveals secrets that have desperately needed revealing for forty years, 
and in doing so proves that there has been extensive official suppression 
of evidence that UFOs are real. Timothy Good builds his case until it is 
overwhelmingly clear that visitors from some other world are not only 
here, but deeply involved in our lives, and that our governments know 
far more about this than they have told us. 

"Citing interviews with officials and extraordinary documentary evi- 
dence-much of it authentic beyond controversy-Timothy Good shows 
that the cover-up has been designed-in the stunning words of a former 
CIA Director who has admitted its existence-around a program of 'de- 
nial and ridicule.' UFOs are indeed the ultimate official secret. 
"The effect of this secrecy has been to leave the average American 
to face our visitors alone and in total ignorance-and to risk ridicule and 
the ruin of his career if he seeks help or even dares to tell his story. 

"Whether the cover-up is something that governments have created 
for their own ends or that has been forced on them by the visitors them- 
selves I do not know. But I do know one thing: the visitors can appear 
in anybody's life, at any time. For all of our sakes, it is time for gov- 
ernment to admit what it knows. Indeed, it is urgently necessary that the 
truth be admitted-and fast. Thousands and thousands of people are 
coming face-to-face with the visitors. It is essential that they not continue 
to do so in ignorance and terror. 

"Above Top Secret is absolutely stunning. This is because the weight 
of evidence presented is too powerful to deny: Mr. Good has proven his 
case. The amazing story he tells is true." 
-Whitley Strieber 
Author of the 
best-selling Communion 
and Transformation 


Barry Golwater
United States Senate 
Washington D.C.

March 28, 1975 
Mr. Shlomo Arnon 
U.C.L.A. Experimental College 
308 Westwood Plaze
Loe Angeles, California 90024 

Dear Mr. Arnon:

The subject of UFOa is one that has interested me 
for some long ime. About ten or tvelve years ego 
I made an effort to find out vhat was in the building 
at Wricht Patterson Air Force Base where the infomation 
is stored that has been collected by the Air Force, and 
I was understanably denied this request. It is 
still classified above Top Secret. I have, however, 
heard that there is a plan under way to release some, 
if not all, of this material in the near future. I'm 
just as anxious to see this material as you are, and I 
hope we will not have to wait too much longer. 
Sincerily,
Barry Goldwater
(Shlomo Arnon) 

To Donald Keyhoe 
First published in Great Britain in 1987 by Sidgwick and Jackson Limited 

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 

Good, Timothy.

Above top secret: the worldwide UFO cover-up / Timothy Good; 
with a foreword by Lord Hill-Norton, 
p. cm.

ISBN 0-688-09202-0

Bibliography: p.

Includes index. 
1. Unidentified flying objects. I. Title.

TL789.G64 1989 
001.9'42-dc20 89-10230 CIP 
Printed in the United States of America 
17181920

BOOK DESIGN BY MARK STEIN 

=========================================================================
CONTENTS 

Foreword 
Introduction 
Prologue 
Part One: Great Britain 
1. 1943-54 
2. Room 801-Top Secret (1955-59) 
3. A Matter of National Security (1960-79) 
4. December 1980 
5. Per Ardua Ad Astra 1981 Onward 
Part Two: Around the World 
6. France, Italy, Portugal and Spain 
7. Australia 
8. Canada 
9. China 
10. USSR 
Part Three: USA 
11. 1947-54 
12. Collision Course 1950s Onward 
13. The Defense Intelligence Agency 
14. The Central Intelligence Agency 
15. NASA 
16. Down to Earth 
17. Above Top Secret 
Appendix 
Acknowledgments 
Notes 
Index 

=========================================================================
FOREWORD 

Tim Good has made a major contribution in this book to the UFO lit- 
erature. He is one of the most thorough and best-informed researchers 
into this arcane subject and, as those who know him and his work would 
expect, he has based his book soundly upon fact and a great deal of most 
convincing evidence which 1 have not seen in print before.

It is fashionable, almost mandatory, for any serious attempt such as 
this to discuss UFOs to be rubbished by the media and dismissed by most 
of the public as science fiction at one extreme, or the work of a nut case 
at the other. I do not think what follows could possibly be so easily 
ignored by any reader trained to weigh evidence-certainly I cannot do so.

I have frequently been asked why I am so keenly interested in UFOs; 
people seem to think it odd that someone who has been so closely involved 
with Defense for many years should be so simple. I am interested for 
several reasons. First, I have the sort of inquiring mind that likes to have 
things satisfactorily explained, and the one aspect of this whole matter 
which is starkly clear to me is that UFOs have not been explained, to 
my satisfaction. Indeed, so far as I am concerned the U stands more for 
unexplained than unidentified. Second, there is a very wide range of other 
unexplained phenomena which may or may not be related to UFOs but 
which have come to my notice in the UFO connection. Third, I am 
convinced that there is an official cover-up of the investigations which 
governments have made into UFOs, certainly in the United States, prob- 
ably in our own country, though not in France, and for all I know in 
Russia and other countries as far apart as Argentina, Spain, Australia and 
China to name just a few.

The evidence that there are objects which have been seen in our at- 
mosphere, and even on terra firma, that cannot be accounted for either 
as man-made objects or as any physical force or effect known to our 
scientists seems to me to be overwhelming. I have read two or three 
dozen respectable books, and many more less so, and I have listened to 
addresses by a dozen or more eminent speakers, in which a very large 
number of sightings have been vouched for by persons whose credentials 
seem to me unimpeachable. It is striking that so many have been trained 
observers, such as police officers and airline or military pilots. Their 
observations have in many instances-though by no means a majority 
-been supported either by technical means such as radar or, even more 
convincingly, by visible evidence of the condition of the observers or- 
and this is common to many events-interference with electrical appa- 
ratus of one sort or another. Tim Good gives chapter and verse for many 
telling examples of all these matters, and some disquieting evidence from 
witnesses of sightings, both in our own country and the USA, who claim 
to have been silenced by unidentified "government" officials. It is dif- 
ficult to credit that they have all been either lying or hallucinating.

From the earliest days of the modern outbreak of sightings some forty 
years ago, there is a quite remarkable similarity between the descriptions 
given by observers of the flying vehicles. It is the more remarkable that 
there have been tens of thousands of these reports, from observers who 
range from illiterate peasants in Argentina and Spain to people with 
Ph.D.s in other countries and they have all been given spontaneously- 
which has led to the generic term * 'flying saucer." It must be more than 
a coincidence. 

As for what I have called bizarre phenomena, I need only refer to the 
astounding geometrical effects in the Alti Piano in South America of what 
seem like gigantic airfields laid out in the days of prehistory by means 
which would tax today's technology to the limit. And to the pyramid 
effects, and to the so-called navigational beacons, which could only be 
of use to a craft approaching earth from outside the atmosphere. These 
are physical phenomena which exist, and can be touched and measured; 
and no one knows how they were made, nor by whom, nor for what 
purpose.

Let me turn to some views on what I and many others believe to be 
the cover-up. There is no dispute that there have been at least two major 
investigations into UFOs in the United States in the last forty years, and 
there has been an acknowledged French government investigation since 
1954, but there has been no public acknowledgment of anything similar 
in Britain or elsewhere. Nothing of substance has ever been disclosed 
about the US investigations, and though in France the government does 
seem to be more ready to take the public into its confidence, quite the 
reverse is true in both the United States and Russia, as many other official 
pronouncements have emphasized. While I cannot prove that there is a 
cover-up, I believe that Tim Good's book does so, certainly to my sat- 
isfaction. He shows beyond doubt that under the recent Freedom of 
Information Act in the USA, there are secret, even top secret, files on 
the subject which have not been released, and that what has fairly recently 
been released there, as the result of a court decision against the Govern- 
ment, is telling enough.

There seem to me to be at least five possible explanations for a cover- 
up in the first rank, though there may well be others. The first possibility 
is that the UFOs are man-made, by one or both of the superpowers, and 
that their evident potential as weapons demands a degree of secrecy which 
makes Top Secret look like Beano. I must say that I simply do not believe 
this. If it were so, then I am sure that during my time as Chief of the 
Defense Staff I could not have failed to be let in on the secret, but I was 
not, and if I had been I should not be writing these words. Moreover, 
the enormous and very consistent weight of evidence from sightings, and 
even optical and radar measurements, make it clear enough to me that 
the technology of construction and propulsion of these devices is far in 
advance of even that of our space probes, never mind our manned space 
flights. I am certain that were such technology in actual use anywhere 
on earth it would have surfaced, either in war or, perhaps more likely, 
in industry. My final reason for rejecting this hypothesis is that I see no 
possible reason why, should these devices be man-made, the superpowers 
should not just say so. The man in the street could hardly be more 
frightened than he is already of nuclear weapons.

Second, it has been put about that all the major powers are seeking to 
capture a UFO, to learn its secrets, and that if they admit or disclose the 
results of their investigations the general public will get into the act and 
muddle up their plans. Third, is a variant of that notion which holds that 
one or more powers actually have captured a UFO (Tim Good asserts 
plainly in Chapter 16 that this has been done in the USA) and fear that 
public interest will force them to disclose the fact before they have got 
their answers. Certainly if either of these unlikely explanations were true, 
and the results of the undoubted investigations were to be made public, 
it might just be possible for informed students of the subject to discover 
more than was thought to be good for them. For my part I reject out of 
hand either of these explanations, partly because, as with the first pos- 
sibility, I think I should have known (and not be allowed to say so) but 
more practically because I just cannot believe that the secret would not 
have got out. Practically every other secret, of a .physical rather than a 
conceptual nature, is already widely known-though governments hate 
to admit it.

The two further possibilities on my list are both based on fear: fear 
by governments of public reaction. The first possibility is that official 
investigations have disclosed or revealed quite a lot about UFOs, even 
including their origin, method of construction and propulsion, and just 
possibly their purpose. If this is so, and if the enormous literature is to 
be believed, plainly there exists no human defense against them, should 
they be hostile. It is suggested that governments believe this would cause 
such public "alarm and despondency" (as we used to say in the Second 
World War) as to have even farther reaching social and political effects 
than the current opposition to nuclear weapons. This, I must concede, is 
just possible, though I do not myself believe it. On the contrary I think 
that were it true, the public would be relatively unmoved. Either they 
would not believe it or, through apathy or fatalism, they would instead 
shrug their shoulders and get on with what in 1987 is the difficult business 
of just living, winning the pools, planning holidays or going on strike- 
or all four.

The second of these last two possibilities is that investigations have 
disclosed that UFOs are not physical phenomena but paranormal, and 
they defy explanation. The reason for not disclosing these findings could 
then be reluctance to admit publicly that something very odd is going 
on, and that governments do not know what it is. If so, the same line of 
argument about public fear applies, and I would use the same counter- 
arguments as before.

However these five possibilities may strike you, what seems to be 
common ground is that there have been thousands, perhaps tens of thou- 
sands, of sightings and encounters, physical results and of the latter, by 
people all over the world whose evidence on any other subject would be 
accepted without question. There have been major investigations lasting 
thirty or forty years by the governments of the USA, Russia and France, 
for certain, and probably Britain and other countries. At the end of it 
all-today-we have no hard official information to weigh against some 
hundreds of books on the subject by private individuals or groups of 
individuals. I claim that the charge that there is a cover-up is thereby 
proved. What I admit defeats me is a plausible reason for it.

This excellent book adds a great deal of evidence to the whole dossier, 
and I warmly commend it to all who are interested in what, to me at any 
rate, remains a fascinating enigma.

Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Hill-Norton, G.C.B. 

=========================================================================
INTRODUCTION 

Are governments of the world withholding dramatic evidence-or even 
proof-that UFOs exist as a serious reality? This question has been asked 
repeatedly since "flying saucers" made headline news throughout the 
world in 1947. The official denials have given rise to the suspicion that 
we are being told less than the truth, and that a wide-scale cover-up is 
in operation.

In October 1981, in response to an inquiry about the involvement of 
the intelligence community in the study of UFOs, I received the following 
reply from that well-known authority on the British security and secret 
services, Chapman Pincher:

There is no way I can help you with UFOs because 1 am convinced that 
they are entirely mythical. I can assure you that the "world's secret ser- 
vices" are not wasting the smallest resource on keeping tabs on them. For 
many years I have had access to the highest levels of Defense Intelligence 
both in Britain and the US. There is not the slightest evidence there to 
support the existence of UFOs other than those explicable by normal 
means-meteorites, satellites, aircraft, etc. . . .!

Much as I respect Mr. Chapman Pincher, he has clearly been misinformed 
in this case, since documentary evidence made available in the US under, 
for example, provisions of the Freedom of Information Act-much of 
which is presented in this book-proves conclusively that UFOs have 
continued to be the subject of intensive secret research by intelligence 
agencies in the US since World War II.

Few governments deny the existence of unidentified flying objects per 
se. Lord Strabolgi, representing Her Majesty's Government in the historic 
House of Lords debate on the subject in January 1979, acknowledged 
this point: "There are undoubtedly many strange phenomena in the skies, 
and it can be readily accepted that most UFO reports are made by calm 
and responsible people. However, there are generally straightforward 
explanations to account for the phenomena."

Lord Strabolgi then went on to enumerate the many "straightforward 
explanations" that account for the majority of reports. Few would dis- 
agree with him on this point. UFO researchers concur that seventy to 
ninety percent of all sightings can be attributed to misidentifications, 
hallucinations, delusions and hoaxes. On the question of unexplainable 
sightings, which form the crux of the matter, Lord Strabolgi argued that 
in such cases "the description is too vague or the evidence too remote, 
coupled perhaps with a coincidence of different phenomena and with 
exceptional conditions." In some cases few would disagree, yet Lord 
Strabolgi conveniently overlooked the fact that hundreds, and possibly 
thousands, of sightings have been made by highly qualified observers 
whose descriptions are anything but vague, and the evidence compelling.

As to the suggestion of a cover-up, His Lordship was adamant:

It has been suggested that our Government are involved in an alleged 
conspiracy of silence. I can assure your Lordships that the Government 
are not engaged in any such conspiracy . . . There is nothing to have a 
conspiracy of silence about. . . . There is no cover-up and no security 
ban. . . . There is nothing to suggest to Her Majesty's Government that 
such phenomena are alien spacecraft.2

A bona fide UFO, however, does not necessarily imply an extrater- 
restrial spacecraft. A wide range of hypotheses has been proposed to 
account for the unexplainable reports, of which the extraterrestrial hy- 
pothesis is but one. So the question should really be: Are there any 
unexplainable reports which represent something beyond our present 
knowledge, and are governments concealing what they have learned?

And if the answer is positive, what exactly has been learned and why is 
there need for concealment? This book attempts to answer these and other 
questions relating to the ubiquitous UFO phenomenon-a phenomenon 
that has caused grave concern at high levels of many of the world's 
governments, despite their statements to the contrary. 

=========================================================================
PROLOGUE 

GHOST AIRCRAFT, 1933-34 

Official investigations into unidentified flying objects in comparatively 
recent times began in 1933 when, according to contemporary newspaper 
reports, mysterious unmarked aircraft appeared over Scandinavia and, to 
a lesser extent, the US and Britain. Often seen flying in hazardous weather 
conditions which would have grounded conventional aircraft of the period, 
the "ghost aircraft" (as they were called) frequently circled low, pro- 
jecting powerful searchlights on to the ground. Another puzzling feature 
was that although engine noises accompanied the sightings, the aircraft 
sometimes described low-level maneuvers in complete silence.

On 28 December 1933 the 4th Swedish Flying Corps began an inves- 
tigation, and on 30 April 1934 Major General Reuterswaerd, Command- 
ing General of Upper Norrland, issued the following statement to the 
press:

Comparisons of these reports show that there can be no doubt about illegal 
air traffic over our secret military areas. There are many reports from 
reliable people which describe close observation of the enigmatic flier.

And in every case the same remark can be noted: No insignias or identifying 
marks were visible on the machines. . . . The question is: Who or whom 
are they, and why have they been invading our air territory?1

These questions remain unanswered to this day, to the best of my 
knowledge, although it is possible that some of the sightings could be 
explained in terms of secret German or Russian reconnaissance flights.

There is no evidence of concealment in the major general's statement: 
rather, it was a frank admission by an official who was prepared to share 
his bewilderment with the press. Yet journalists did encounter official 
reluctance to discuss the matter, probably for the simple reason that the 
authorities were at a loss to explain how their airspace could be invaded 
by aircraft of unknown origin. One suggestion was that a Japanese aircraft 
was initially responsible for the sightings, as witness this report from 
Helsingfors, Finland, in February 1934:

Continued night flights over North Finland, Sweden and Norway, by so 
called "ghost aviators" which have caused much apprehension already as 
to prompt the General Staff to organize reconnoitering on a wide scale by 
Army planes, all over Northern Finland, still remains a deep mystery. . . .

As the authorities are extremely reticent, the newspapers have interviewed 
aviation experts, who state the mystery fliers show exceptional skill, un- 
doubtedly superior to that of Northern European aviators. According to 
one expert's theory, the first of the ghost aviators was a Japanese, scouting 
the Arctic region, whose activities caused the Soviets to dispatch airplanes 
to watch the Japanese. The Soviet authorities, however, refute this theory.2

Researcher John Keel has catalogued the "ghost aircraft" sightings of 
this period, and believes that no nation on earth had the resources to 
mount such an operation at that time-least of all Japan. He also points 
out the similarity between the sightings in Scandinavia and those reported 
from the US and Britain at the time. Keel cites some reports from London, 
one of which refers to an unidentified aircraft seen flying over central 
London on 1 February 1934 for a period of two hours. The Times reported 
the following day that from the sound of the engines the plane was a 
large one, and that its altitude was sufficiently low for its course to be 
traced by its lights. The Air Ministry knew nothing about the aircraft, 
and inquiries at a number of civil airfields around London drew a blank.

The sighting led to a question being asked in the House of Commons 
four days later, to which the Under-Secretary of State for Air, Sir Philip 
Sassoon, replied: "The aircraft to which my hon. friend evidently refers 
was a Royal Air Force aircraft carrying out a training exercise in coop- 
eration with ground forces. Such training flights are arranged in the Royal 
Air Force without reference to the Air Ministry."

Four months later two unidentified aircraft were seen and heard circling 
low over London late on the night of 11 June. According to The Times 
the following day, the Air Ministry stated that "although night flying 
was frequently practiced by RAF machines, and several were up last 
night, service pilots were forbidden by regulations to fly over London at 
less than 5,000 ft. The identity of the machines in question was not 
officially known."

It is tempting to dismiss the ghost aircraft reports as conventional planes 
on illegal or secret flights but, as John Keel emphasizes, approximately 
thirty-five percent of the Scandinavian sightings took place during severe 
weather conditions, including blizzards and fog, and the mystery planes 
often flew dangerously low over hazardous terrain. It is also a fact that 
the governments of Sweden, Norway and Finland took the hundreds of 
reports very seriously and launched massive investigations which never 
led to a satisfactory explanation.3 


WORLD WAR II 

The Los Angeles Air Raid, 1942 

On 25 February 1942, less than three months after the Japanese invasion 
of Pearl Harbor, unidentified aircraft appeared over the city of Los An- 
geles, causing widespread alarm, and 1,430 rounds of antiaircraft shells 
were fired in an attempt to bring down what were considered to be 
Japanese planes. On that day at least a million southern California resi- 
dents awoke to the wail of air raid sirens as Los Angeles County cities 
blacked out at 2:25 a.m. Twelve thousand air raid wardens reported 
dutifully to their posts, most expecting nothing more than a dress re- 
hearsal. At 3:16 a.m., however, the 37th Coast Artillery Brigade's anti- 
aircraft batteries began firing 12.8-pound shells at the targets as search- 
light beams studded the sky. The shelling continued intermittently until 
4:14 a.m. Three people were killed and three died of heart attacks directly 
attributable to the barrage, and several homes and public buildings were 
severely damaged by unexploded shells. At 7:21 a.m. the blackout was 
lifted and the sirens sounded the all-clear. But what about the Japanese 
invaders?

Aircraft of the 4th Interceptor Command had been warming up waiting 
for orders to intercept and engage the intruders, yet no such orders were 
given during the fifty-one-minute period between the first air raid alert 
and the first military barrage. Clearly no enemy aircraft were involved 
in the "invasion." According to thousands of witnesses a large uniden- 
tified flying object remained stationary while the antiaircraft shells burst 
around it and against it. A Herald Express staff writer said he was certain 
that many shells burst directly in the middle of the object and he could 
not believe that it had not been shot down. The object eventually pro- 
ceeded at a leisurely pace over the coastal cities between Santa Monica 
and Long Beach, taking about twenty minutes of actual "flight time" to 
move twenty miles, then disappeared from view.

An interesting eyewitness account of the phantom raid has been pro- 
vided by Paul T. Collins, who had been working late at the Long Beach 
plant of the Douglas Aircraft Company and was returning home when 
he was stopped by an air raid warden in Pasadena who told him to turn 
out the lights of his car and stay parked beside the road until the all-clear 
sounded. Pacing back and forth across the street trying to keep wafm, 
Collins suddenly saw bright red spots of light low on the horizon to the 
south which were moving in a strange manner:

They seemed to be "functioning" or navigating mostly on a level plane 
at that moment-that is, not rising up from the ground in an arc, or 
trajectory, or in a straight line and then falling back to earth, but appearing 
from nowhere and then zigzagging from side to side. Some disappeared, 
not diminishing in brilliance at all, but just vanishing into the night. Others 
remained pretty much on the same level and we could only guess their 
elevation to be about ten thousand feet.

In less than five minutes at least half a dozen red flashes rent the sky 
among the strange spots of red light, followed in about 100 seconds by 
the dull, cushioned thuds of the bursting shells. One of the antiaircraft 
batteries around the Douglas Aircraft plant, Dougherty Field, or the Signal 
Hill Oil Field had fired a salvo into the moving spots of red light, according 
to Collins, whose position was about twenty miles from the aircraft 
factory:

Taking into account our distance from Long Beach, the extensive pattern 
of firing from widely separated antiaircraft batteries, and the movement 
of the unidentified red objects among and around the bursting shells in 
wide orbits, we estimated their top speed conservatively to be five miles 
per second. . . . We did not see the enormous UFO seen by thousands of 
observers closer to the coast. Very likely it was below our horizon and a 
few miles farther up the coast at that time.

The military were thoroughly embarrassed and confused by the inci- 
dent, but were obliged to come up with an explanation. In Washington, 
US Navy Secretary Knox announced that there had in fact been no planes 
over the city and that the barrage of antiaircraft fire had been triggered 
by a false alarm and jittery war nerves. This statement incensed the press, 
who called attention to the loss of life and implied that the raid was a 
propaganda exercise by government officials who wanted to move vital 
industries inland. Commented the Long Beach Independent: *'There is a 
mysterious reticence about the whole affair and it appears some form of 
censorship is trying to halt discussion of the matter."4

This story, as with so many other UFO reports, reads like something 
straight out of science fiction. Yet it happened. A hitherto secret mem- 
orandum released in 1974 under provisions of the US Freedom of Infor- 
mation Act leaves little room for doubt that something extraordinary 
occurred that night. The memorandum was written by General George 
C. Marshall, Chief of Staff, and sent to President Franklin Roosevelt on 
26 February 1942:

The following is the information we have from GHQ at this moment 
regarding the air alarm over Los Angeles of yesterday morning:

From details available at this hour: 
1. Unidentified airplanes, other than American Army or Navy planes, 
were probably over Los Angeles, and were fired on by elements of 
the 37th CA Brigade (AA) between 3:12 and 4:15 a.m. These units 
expended 1430 rounds of ammunition. . 
2. As many as fifteen airplanes may have been involved, flying at 
various speeds from what is officially reported as being "very slow" 
to as much as 200 mph and at elevations from 9000 to 18000 feet. 
3. No bombs were dropped. 
4. No casualties among our troops. 
5. No planes were shot down. 
6. No American Army or Navy planes were in action.

Investigation continuing. It seems reasonable to conclude that if un- 
identified airplanes were involved they may have been from commercial 
sources, operated by enemy agents for purposes of spreading alarm, dis- 
closing locations of antiaircraft positions, and slowing production through 
blackout. Such conclusion is supported by varying speed of operation and 
the fact that no bombs were dropped.

Although General Marshall concluded that conventional aircraft were 
involved, he must have been baffled by the fact that none was shot down, 
despite the intensive barrage of shells.

The "officially reported" speeds of up to 200 mph come nowhere near 
Paul Collins' estimate of up to "five miles per second." Either Collins 
was way off the mark, or the official estimates were. There is also the 
possibility that none of the military observers was in a position to make 
an accurate assessment, or that they simply could not bring themselves 
to report such fantastic speeds and maneuvers.

Prior to the release of the Marshall memorandum, the Department of 
Defense stated that they had no record of the event.5 Combined with the 
contradictory news releases at the time, the evidence points to a cover- 
up by those in the military who were in a position to know what really 
happened, even if they were at a loss to explain the incident.

Formations of Unidentified Aircraft, 1942

On the morning of 12 August 1942 formations of unidentified aircraft 
were seen by Sergeant Stephen J. Brickner of the 1st Paratroop Brigade, 
1st Marine Division of the US Marine Corps, above the island of Tulagi 
in the Solomon Islands. The following is extracted from his personal 
account: 
. . . suddenly the air raid warning sounded. There had been no "Condition 
Red*' ... I heard the formation before I saw it. Even then, I was puzzled 
by the sound. It was a mighty roar that seemed to echo in the heavens. It 
didn't sound at all like the high-pitched "sewing-machine" drone of the 
Jap formations ... the formation was huge; I would say over 150 objects 
were in it. Instead of the usual tight "V" of 25 planes, this formation was 
in straight lines of 10 or 12 objects, one behind the other. The speed was 
a little faster than Jap planes, and they were soon out of sight.

A few other things puzzled me: I couldn't seem to make out any wings 
or tails. They seemed to wobble slightly, and every time they wobbled 
they would shimmer brightly from the sun. Their color was like highly 
polished silver. No bombs were dropped, of course. All in all, it was the 
most awe inspiring and yet frightening spectacle I have seen in my life.6

The skeptic would argue that Sergeant Brickner was suffering from 
combat fatigue, and that the aircraft were conventional. Yet the reference 
to the "wobbling" motion of the objects is typical of many postwar 
reports of unidentified flying objects, and the incident seems to have left 
the witness profoundly impressed.

The Foo-Fighters, 1943-44

According to the late journalist Frank Edwards, the British allegedly set 
up a small organization in 1943, headed by a Lieutenant General Massey, 
to investigate sightings of small, apparently remote-controlled devices 
which were being reported by Allied aircrews.7 Rumors had spread that 
the Germans or Japanese had introduced a new weapon designed to 
interfere with the ignition systems of bombers, but since the "foo-fight- 
ers" (as they were nicknamed) never engaged in hostile action many 
flight crews became convinced that the objects were some type of psy- 
chological warfare device. Officially terminated the following year, the 
"Massey Project" (as it was allegedly code-named) determined that the 
foo-fighters were not German, and that the Germans had themselves set 
up a similar organization to investigate sightings then being reported by 
Luftwaffe pilots. Called "Sonder Biiro [Special Bureau] No. 13," with 
the code-name "Operation Uranus,' it was said by Henry Durrant to 
have been directed by Professor Georg Kamper, assisted by a team of 
flying officers, aeronautical engineers and scientific advisers.8

The US 8th Army also ordered a thorough investigation into the sight- 
ings but was apparently unable to arrive at a satisfactory solution. Ex- 
planations have been proposed, of course, including St. Elmo's fire, ball 
lightning, and combat fatigue, but it is improbable that these account for 
all the reports, especially those involving scores of objects observed 
simultaneously by different aircrews.

Reports of foo-fighters were not restricted to the European theater of 
operations. An interesting sighting took place in Sumatra on 10 August 
1944, for example, witnessed by the crew of an American B-29 bomber 
commanded by Captain Alvah M. Reida of the 486th Bomb Group, 792nd 
Squadron, 20th Bomber Command, based at Kharagapur, India: 
1 was on a mission from Ceylon, bombing Palembang, Sumatra . . . shortly 
before midnight. There were 50 planes on the strike going in on the target 
at about 2 or 3 minute intervals. My plane was last in on the target and 
the arrangement was for us to bomb, then drop photo flash bombs, attached 
to parachutes; make a few runs over the target area, photographing damage 
from preceding planes. . . . Our altitude was 14000 feet and indicated 
airspeed about 210 mph. While in the general target area we were exposed 
to sporadic flak fire, but immediately after leaving this area it ceased.

At about 20 or 30 minutes later the right gunner and copilot reported 
a strange object pacing us about 500 yards off our starboard wing. At that 
distance it appeared as a spherical object, probably 5 or 6 feet in diameter, 
of a very bright and intense red or orange in color. . . . My gunner reported 
it coming in from about 5 o'clock position at our level. It seemed to throb 
or vibrate constantly. Assuming it was some kind of radio controlled object 
sent to pace us, I went into evasive action, changing direction constantly 
as much as 90° and altitude at about 2000 feet. It followed our every 
maneuver for about 8 minutes, always holding a position 500 yards out 
and about 2 o'clock in relation to the plane. When it left, it made an abrupt 
90° turn, and accelerated rapidly, disappearing in the overcast . . . during 
the strike evaluation and interrogation following the mission, I made a 
detailed report to Intelligence thinking it was some new type of radio- 
controlled missile or weapon.9

THE GHOST ROCKETS, 1946

In 1946 over 2,000 sightings of "ghost rockets" and other unidentified 
flying objects were reported by witnesses in Finland, Norway, Sweden 
and Denmark, followed by reports from Portugal, Tangier, Italy, Greece, 
and India. The ghost rockets-so called because they often looked like 
rocket-shaped objects with fiery trails-sometimes performed fantastic 
maneuvers, crossing the sky at tremendous velocity, diving and climbing, 
and at other times moving in a leisurely manner.l0 There were also reports 
of landings and crashes.

An overwhelming majority of the reports came from Sweden, causing 
consternation not only in official circles in that country but also at the 
US Embassy in Stockholm. A hitherto secret Department of State telegram 
from the Embassy, dated 11 July 1946, provides a dramatic example of 
the situation at that time:

For some weeks there have been numerous reports of strange rocket-like 
missiles being seen in Swedish and Finnish skies. During past few days 
reports of such objects being seen have greatly increased. Member of 
Legation saw one Tuesday afternoon. One landed on beach near Stockholm 
same afternoon without causing any damage and according to press frag- 
ments are now being studied by military authorities. Local scientist on 
first inspection stated it contained organic substance resembling carbide.

Defense staff last night issued communique listing various places where 
missiles had been observed and urging public report all mysterious sound 
and light phenomena. Press this afternoon announces one such missile fell 
in Stockholm suburb 2:30 this afternoon. Missile observed by member 
Legation made no sound and seemed to be falling rapidly to earth when 
observed. No sound of explosion followed however.

Military Attache is investigating through Swedish channels and has been 
promised results Swedish observations. Swedes profess ignorance as to 
origin, character or purpose of missiles but state definitely they are not 
launched by Swedes. Eyewitness reports state missiles came in from south- 
erly direction proceeding to northwest. Six units Atlantic Fleet under Ad- 
miral Hewitt arrived Stockholm this morning. If missiles are of Soviet 
origin as generally believed (some reports say they are launched from 
Estonia), purpose might be political to intimidate Swedes in connection 
with Soviet pressure on Sweden being built up in connection with current 
loan negotiations or to offset supposed increase in our military prestige in 
Sweden resulting from the naval visit and recent Bikini tests or both.

On 13 August 1946 the New York Times reported that "the Swedish 
General Staff today described the situation as 'extremely dangerous,' and 
it is obvious that Sweden no longer is going to tolerate such violations."

The violations continued, however, and it is revealing that Sweden chose 
not to retaliate against the Soviet Union.

Speculation centered on the theory that the Russians were testing 
V-2-type rockets with the aid of captured German scientists and engi- 
neers, and the Swedish General Staff summoned urgent assistance from 
the United States and Great Britain. Lieutenant General James Doolittle, 
a US Army Air Force intelligence expert with specialized knowledge of 
long distance bombing techniques, arrived in Stockholm together with 
General David Sarnoff, an intelligence expert in aerial warfare, and the 
two men were consulted by Colonel C. R. Kempf, the Chief of Swedish 
Defense. Sarnoff was later quoted as saying that the objects reported were 
neither mythological nor meteorological but were "real missiles."11

But then came the cover-up. On 22 August 1946 the Daily Telegraph 
stated:

The discussion of the flight of rockets over Scandinavia has been dropped 
in the Norwegian newspapers since Wednesday. On that day the Norwegian 
General Staff issued a memorandum to the press asking it not to make any 
mention of the appearance of rockets over Norwegian territory but to pass 
on all reports to the Intelligence Department of the High Command. . . .

In Sweden the ban is limited to any mention of where the rockets have 
been seen to land or explode.

The reasons for press censorship being introduced at this time are 
perfectly understandable. Firstly, it was an established practice during 
the V-1 and V-2 bombardments in World War II not to reveal where the 
rocket-bombs had fallen, so that the enemy would remain in ignorance 
of the degree of accuracy of his targeting. Secondly, the ghost rockets 
were undoubtedly causing considerable public concern, if not panic, and 
since the authorities had been unable to come up with an explanation for 
the sightings, they wanted to play down the situation.

On 23 August 1946 the British Foreign Office stated that English radar 
experts, having returned from Sweden, had "submitted secret reports to 
the British government on the origin of the rockets.'*12 One of the sci- 
entists to examine the reports was R. V. Jones, Director of Intelligence 
on Britain's Air Staff at the time, as well as scientific adviser to Section 
IV of MI6, the Secret Intelligence Service. Professor Jones remains un- 
impressed by the reports he examined, attributing them to initial sightings 
of "two unusually bright meteors, which were clearly visible in daylight.

One of these led to many reports almost simultaneously, from a wide 
area of Sweden." The subsequent wave of sightings was caused simply 
by overenthusiastic observers in the prevalent cold war climate, he be- 
lieves. He totally dismisses the possibility that the sightings could have 
had anything to do with Soviet missiles:

The Russians were supposedly cruising their flying bombs at more than 
twice the range that the Germans had achieved, and it was unlikely that 
they were so advanced technologically as to achieve a substantially greater 
reliability at 200 miles than the Germans had reached at 100 miles. Even, 
therefore, if they were only trying to frighten the Swedes, they could 
hardly help it if some of their missiles crashed on Swedish territory. The 
alleged sightings over Sweden were now so many that, even giving the 
Russians the greatest possible credit for reliability, there ought to be at 
least 10 missiles crashed in Sweden. I would therefore only believe the 
story if someone brought me in a piece of a missile.

Although no crashed missiles were ever found, one observer claimed 
to have seen objects fall from one of the ghost rockets and had collected 
the pieces. These were passed by the Swedish General Staff to the other 
Director of Intelligence on the Air Staff, and were eventually analyzed 
at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough. In great excitement, 
the scientists reported that one of the fragments contained over ninety- 
eight percent of an unknown element. Jones asked the head of the chemical 
department at the RAE if they had tested for carbon. "There was some- 
thing of an explosion at the other end of the telephone," said Jones. 
"Carbon would not have shown up in any of the standard tests, but one 
had only to look at the material, as Charles Frank and I had done, to see 
that it was a lump of coke/'13

Professor Jones may have been justified in his skepticism about the 
sample as well as the purported origin of the missiles, but he was evidently 
mistaken in his outright rejection of the reports, which continued to cause 
grave concern. The US State Department had upgraded their communi- 
cations with the Embassy in Stockholm to Top Secret, and the following 
is the text of a telegram from the Embassy dated 29 August 1946:

While over 800 reports have been received and new reports come daily, 
Swedes still have no tangible evidence. Full details of reports thus far 
received have been forwarded to Washington by our Military and Naval 
Attaches. My own source personally convinced some foreign power is 
actually experimenting over Sweden and he guesses it is Russia.

The Daily Telegraph published a photograph of one of the missiles in 
its issue of 6 September 1946, taken near Stockholm by Erik Reuter- 
swaerd, who reported it to the Swedish General Staff. Together with 
Allied experts the Swedish authorities came to the conclusion that the 
"projectile" was within the "flame" or trail, rather than ahead of it. 
"This supports the theory that a new method of propulsion is being used 
in these weapons," stated the Telegraph.

Something unprecedented had been haunting the airspace of Scandi- 
navia, and in October 1946 the Swedish government announced the results 
of its official inquiry:

Swedish military authorities said today that they had been unable to dis- 
cover after four months of investigation the origin or nature of the ghost 
rockets that have been flying over Sweden since May.

A special communique declared that 80 percent of 1,000 reports on the 
rockets could be attributed to "celestial phenomena" but that radar had 
detected some 1200] objects "which cannot be the phenomena of nature 
or products of the imagination, nor can be referred to as Swedish air- 
planes."

The report added, however, that the objects were not the V-type bombs 
used by the Germans in the closing days of the war.14

In an interview in London on 5 September 1946 the Greek Prime 
Minister, M. Tsaldaris, said that on 1 September a number of projectiles 
had been seen over Macedonia and Salonika.15 The following year Greece's 
leading scientist, Professor Paul Santorini, was supplied by the Greek 
Army with a team of engineers to investigate what were believed to be 
Russian missiles flying over Greece. Santorini's credentials include the 
proximity fuse for the Hiroshima atomic bomb, two patents for the guid- 
ance system used in US Nike missiles, and a centimetric radar system.

Educated at Zurich, where his physics professor was Albert Einstein (with 
whom he used to play violin duets!), Santorini retired as Director of the 
Experimental Physical Laboratory of Athens Polytechnic in 1964. On 24

February 1967 he gave a lecture to the Greek Astronautical Society, 
broadcast on Athens Radio, during which he revealed the results of the 
Greek investigation into the ghost rockets: "We soon established that 
they were not missiles. But, before we could do any more, the Army, 
after conferring with foreign officials, ordered the investigation stopped.

Foreign scientists flew to Greece for secret talks with me."16

This statement was personally verified by the respected American re- 
searcher Raymond Fowler, who had written to Santorini to check on the 
accuracy of the newspaper quotes attributed to him following the broad- 
cast. The professor confirmed that a "world blanket of secrecy" sur- 
rounded the UFO question because, among other reasons, the authorities 
were unwilling to admit the existence of a force against which we had 
"no possibility of defense."17 


PART ONE : GREAT BRITAIN 

=========================================================================
1. 1943-54 

If the late American journalist Frank Edwards is to be believed, British 
government research into mysterious flying objects began as early as 1943 
with Lieutenant General Massey's small organization in the War Office 
to investigate foo-fighters. Edwards claimed that this information was 
given to him by a Ministry of Defense source in 1966, but it has been 
disputed by Air Marshal Sir Victor Goddard, who was appointed first 
Deputy Director of Air Intelligence to the Air Ministry in 1935. "To the 
best of my knowledge," he states, "there has never been any official 
study made." As for the "Massey Project," the air marshal is categorical:

This implies Treasury sanction; it suggests that in the middle of the War 
against Germany when we had our hands full and it was far from certain 
that we could survive, the Air Ministry was concerned that a UFO menace 
existed: it most certainly was not. . . . [General Massey] is not included 
in my earliest Who's Who of 1955. So, unless he died meanwhile, he did 
not exist in the British Army.1

I have no doubt that Sir Victor was telling the truth and that he was 
unaware of any clandestine research at that time, but it is possible that 
the War Office failed to inform the Air Ministry about the small research 
group, however unlikely that may seem. As to "Massey," there is cer- 
tainly no one listed under that name and rank in The Army List or Who's 
Who of the relevant period (1943-45), and it is unlikely that as Deputy 
Director of Intelligence in the Air Ministry Sir Victor would not have 
heard of him, since a lieutenant general is the third highest rank in the 
British Army, equivalent to Goddard's rank of air marshal in the Royal 
Air Force. But interestingly there is a Lieutenant General Hugh R. S.

Massy listed in the 1945 Who's Who. Born in 1884, he was appointed 
Director of Military Training at the War Office 1938-39 and then Deputy 
Chief of the Imperial General Staff 1939-40, retiring in 1942. Is it 
possible that this was the man Edwards was told about? My research has 
failed so far to throw any more light on the matter. If Edwards was not 
lying, did he get the spelling wrong? Or was he misinformed by the 
Ministry of Defense?

Edwards claimed that the "Massey Project" had been instigated to 
some extent by the reports of a spy who was in reality a double agent, 
working under the direction of the Mayor of Cologne. Edwards was told 
by his source that the research project was terminated in 1944. "Perhaps 
it is only coincidence," he wrote, "that the double agent was exposed 
and executed in the spring of 1944. "2

If Edwards was misinformed, his misinformation was highly detailed, 
for he cites a signed report by "Major E.R.T. Holmes, FLO, 1st Bom- 
bardment Squadron, to the Minister of Information 15, War Office, Whi- 
tehall, London, under date of October 24, 1943. (Mission No. 115 in 
the British records)" detailing a sighting of "scores" of small, silvery 
disks which approached B-17 bombers of the 384th Group without causing 
any damage during a bombing run on the industrial complex at Schwein- 
furt on 14 October 1943.3

In order to get a proper perspective on the official attitude in Britain, 
it is essential to examine some reports made by qualified observers in the 
early fifties-a period when there was less secrecy about the subject.

Where possible I have used the original sources as well as official doc- 
umentation which has not been available hitherto.

The Ministry of Defense has consistently maintained that all UFO 
reports held by the prior to 1962 have been destroyed. I was told in 
1980, for instance: "The earliest UFO records held by the MoD date 
from 1962. All the records held before that date were destroyed some 
years ago. If there had been any evidence or important papers the records 
would have been retained."4 It came as a pleasant surprise therefore to 
discover that a number of UFO reports prior to 1962 have been retained 
at the Public Record Office in Kew, London, and I am indebted to John 
Berry for locating two reports for me from the Air Ministry Air 20 file.

The first was classified secret at the time, and is a report of a sighting 
on 10 December 1950 by Group Captain Cartmel of the Deputy Direc- 
torate of Equipment, which he sent to the Deputy Director of Intelligence:

Unidentified "Aircraft"

Although there may possibly be some good explanation for it, I wish 
to report an unusual occurrence which I witnessed at 19.30 hours last night 
Sunday, 10th December. I tabulate details below:- 
(a) Place 
Wildernesse Country Club, Wi miles N.E. of Sevenoaks, Kent. 
(b) Object Seen 
Bright light in sky moving in West-East direction which did not 
alter in size or intensity of light during movement. No flame or 
navigation lights were visible. 
(c) Weather 
Raining. Sky 10/10ths overcast. Cloud base estimated 3-4000 ft.

Wind negligible. 
(d) Height and Speed 
Although weather conditions made assessment difficult, I estimate 
the object maintained a steady height of about 3000 ft at approxi- 
mately 130-150 mph. It was visible for about five minutes until it 
passed out of sight behind the Club buildings. 
2. The matter which really drew my attention to it was the complete 
absence of sound. Two friends who were with me witnessed the entire 
occurrence. 
3. Although I am an Equipment Officer, I have done nearly 1400 hours 
flying in 81 different types of aircraft and I held a pilot's "A" license 
before, therefore, I feel you may regard the assessments I have made 
as reasonably accurate. I would be interested to know if this information 
is of any value and whether or not there is an explanation to the 
phenomena of straight-and-level flight, without sound.

Opinions from the Deputy Directorate of Operations were unenthu- 
siastic. Wing Commander H. Russell said he thought the group captain 
had merely observed the moon, although Mr. H. L. Beards argued that 
"'the moon theory is not very good because the passage of cloud before 
the moon only gives the illusion of speed. The actual movement of the 
moon in 5 minutes is about 1 degree and this could not make it disappear 
behind the clubhouse no matter how fast it appeared to be going. ... I 
don't rule out the possibility of quite an ordinary aircraft with the white 
navigation light or even some special light fitted ... the sound could 
have been bent upward sufficiently to have passed over his head. ... I 
doubt whether any further action is necessary beyond saving these papers 
for future reference." Group Captain E. Douglas Jones agreed with Beards 
about preserving the account: "I suppose reports of this sort if kept and 
added to other reports of similar phenomena might one day be useful for 
analysis. I can't think of anything else we could do with this one."

SIR WINSTON CHURCHILL, 1952

Clearly the Air Ministry did not seem to be taking the subject of flying 
saucers very seriously in 1950. But two years later, presumably following 
the worldwide coverage of dramatic sightings over Washington, DC, in 
July 1952, Prime Minister Winston Churchill felt sufficiently concerned 
to write the following personal minute to the Secretary of State for Air, 
and Lord Cherwell, on 28 July 1952: "What does all this stuff about 
flying saucers amount to? What can it mean? What is the truth? Let me 
have a report at your convenience."

Back came the reply from the Air Ministry on 9 August 1952:

The various reports about unidentified flying objects, described by the 
Press as "flying saucers," were the subject of a full Intelligence study in 
1951. The conclusions reached (based upon William of Occam's Razor) 
were that all the incidents reported could be explained by one or other of 
the following causes:- 
(a) Known astronomical or meteorological phenomena. 
(b) Mistaken identification of conventional aircraft, balloons, birds, etc. 
(c) Optical illusions and psychological delusions. 
(d) Deliberate hoaxes. 
2. The Americans, who carried out a similar investigation in 1948/9, 
reached a similar conclusion. 
3. Nothing has happened since 1951 to make the Air Staff change their 
mind, and, to judge from recent Press statements, the same is true in 
America. . . .

A copy of this minute was sent to Lord Cherwell, who wrote to the Prime 
Minister on 14 August 1952, stating that "I have seen the Secretary of 
State's minute to you on flying saucers and agree entirely with his con- 
clusions."

Sir Winston Churchill was either deliberately or inadvertently misin- 
formed. Firstly, the Air Staff were not able to explain all the incidents.

The Deputy Director of Intelligence at the Air Ministry from 1950 to 
1953 has confirmed that ten percent of reports came from well qualified 
witnesses, where there was corroboration, and where no explanation could 
be found (see p. 34). Secondly, the Americans had not "reached a similar 
conclusion" that all the incidents could be explained. An American top 
secret Air Intelligence Report concluded in 1948: "The frequency of 
reported sightings, the similarity in many of the characteristics attributed 
to the observed objects and the quality of observers considered as a whole, 
support the contention that some type of flying object has been ob- 
served. . . . The origin of the devices is not ascertainable."5

Even as early as 1947 the US Air Materiel Command had secretly 
concluded that "the phenomenon reported is something real and not 
visionary or fictitious. . . . There are objects probably approximating the 
shape of a disc, of such appreciable size as to appear to be as large as 
man-made aircraft."6 By the end of July 1952-the time of Churchill's 
minute-US authorities were in a state of near panic, and a CIA mem- 
orandum confirms that *'since 1947, ATIC [Air Technical Intelligence 
Center] has received approximately 1500 official reports of sightings. . . .

During 1952 alone, official reports totaled 250. Of the 1500 reports, Air 
Force carries 20 percent as unexplained and of those received from Jan- 
uary through July 1952 it carries 28 percent unexplained."1 [Emphasis 
in original] 
We must therefore assume that either the Air Staff had not been given 
these facts by their American colleagues or that they chose to withhold 
the information from the Prime Minister. 



RAF TOPCLIFFE, 1952 

On 19 September 1952, during the NATO "Exercise Mainbrace," two 
RAF officers and three aircrew at RAF Topcliffe observed a UFO ap- 
parently following a Meteor jet as it was coming into land at RAF Dish- 
forth, Yorkshire, five miles away. The sighting took place at 10:53 a.m. 
as the Meteor was descending in a clear sky, reported Flight Lieutenant 
John Kilburn:

The Meteor was crossing from east to west when I noticed the white object 
in the sky. This object was silver and circular in shape, about 10,000 ft 
up some five miles astern of the aircraft. It appeared to be traveling at a 
lower speed than the Meteor but was on the same course.

I said: "What the hell's that?" and the chaps looked to where I was 
pointing. Somebody shouted that it might be the engine cowling of the 
Meteor falling out of the sky. Then we thought it might be a parachute.

But as we watched the disk maintained a slow forward speed for a few 
seconds before starting to descend. While descending it was swinging in 
a pendulum fashion from left to right.

As the Meteor turned to start its landing run the object appeared to be 
following it. But after a few seconds it stopped its descent and hung in 
the air rotating as if on its own axis. Then it accelerated at an incredible 
speed to the west, turned southeast and then disappeared.

It is difficult to estimate the object's speed. The incident happened 
within a matter of 15 to 20 seconds. During the few seconds that it rotated 
we could see it flashing in the sunshine. It appeared to be about the size 
of a Vampire jet aircraft at a similar height.

We are all convinced that it was some solid object. We realized very 
quickly that it could not be a broken cowling or parachute. There was not 
the slightest possibility that the object we saw was a smoke ring, or was 
caused by vapor trail from the Meteor or from any jet aircraft. We have, 
of course, seen this, and we are all quite certain that what we saw was 
not caused by vapor or smoke.

We are also quite certain that it was not a weather observation balloon.

The speed at which it moved away discounts this altogether. It was not a 
small object which appeared bigger in the conditions of light. Our combined 
opinion is that ... it was something we had never seen before in a long 
experience of air observation.

The other witnesses were Flight Lieutenant Marian Cybulski, Master 
Signaller Albert Thomson, Sergeant Flight Engineer Thomas Deweys, 
Flight Lieutenant R. Paris, and Leading Aircraftsman George Grime.8

In spite of the Ministry of Defense's claim that all reports prior to 
1962 had been destroyed, the official report on the Topcliffe incident was 
located at the Public Record Office. Copies were sent at the time to the 
Commander-in-Chief, Air/East Atlantic (a NATO command post), the 
Secretary of State for Air, the Chief of the Air Staff, the Assistant Chief 
of the Air Staff (Intelligence), the Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (Op- 
erations), as well as to the Defense Ministry's Scientific Intelligence 
Branch. Clearly the report was taken seriously.

Captain Edward Ruppelt, former head of the US Air Force Air Tech- 
nical Intelligence Center's "Project Blue Book," relates that an RAF 
intelligence officer at the Pentagon told him that the Topcliffe incident 
was one of a number in 1952-including another report by RAF pilots 
during "Operation Mainbrace"-"that caused the RAF to officially rec- 
ognize the UFO."9 Ruppelt also relates that during his tenure as head of 
Blue Book at ATIC, based at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, "two 
RAF intelligence officers who were in the US on a classified mission 
brought six single-spaced typed pages of questions they and their friends 
wanted answered."10 


THE DEPUTY DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE 

A week after the Topcliffe story was published, the Sunday Dispatch ran 
an article which claimed that the RAF had been secretly investigating 
flying saucer reports since 1947:

A staff of technical experts-mostly commissioned officers under the di- 
rection of a wing commander-are analysing every report of a flying saucer 
over British territory. Though the exact location of the flying saucer in- 
vestigation bureau-known as the DDI [Deputy Directorate of Intelligence] 
(Technical) Branch-is secret, I can reveal it occupies rooms in a building, 
formerly an hotel, not five minutes' walk from the Air Ministry in White- 
hall. The building is closely guarded.

The Sunday Dispatch reporter added that intelligence officers at RAF 
Topcliffe had interrogated the two officers and three aircrew who wit- 
nessed the sighting. "Till the experts have made a thorough investiga- 
tion/' an Air Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying, "it is impossible 
to do more than guess. Our experts will examine this report in the same 
way as they have been examining every similar report of objects seen in 
the sky which are not aircraft and which are generally referred to as flying 
saucers."11 The Air Ministry eventually admitted that they were unable 
to explain the sighting, after eleven weeks of inquiry, and a spokesman 
added: "The special branch which has been dealing with this is keeping 
an open mind on the subject and all reports received are still being 
studied."12

Details of the secret investigation bureau are given in the following 
chapter, but it is worth noting at this stage that during a meeting with an 
official at DDI (Tech.) in 1954, investigator Ronald R. Russell was told 
that the directorate had 15,000 reports on file from 1947 to 1954, and 
that these were stored in three drawers with Yale-type locks, doubly 
secured by a hinged plate locked in turn with a large padlock.13

Having established that a few reports from this period were retained 
by the Air Ministry, and that the Ministry of Defense has consistently 
denied this for many years, I wrote to the MoD in order to obtain an 
official reaction and received the following reply: 
1 am sure you will appreciate that I cannot go into the detailed arrangements 
for the disposal of our files. Nevertheless given the length of time since 
these documents must have been passed to the Air Ministry archives (I 
assume before 1955), it is quite possible that some may have been retained 
prior to the setting up of the Ministry of Defense, even though we have 
no record of this. 4

Perhaps we should give the Ministry the benefit of the doubt. Certainly 
very few documents on the subject are available at the Public Record 
Office, and these may well have been overlooked by the MoD, but are 
we to believe that the vast majority of unexplainable reports have been 
arbitrarily destroyed? If the figure of 15,000 reports from 1947 to 1954 
cited by Ronald Russell is accurate, and ten percent were unexplainable, 
I find it difficult to accept that these have been disposed of. While it is 
true that at least ninety-five percent of documents are periodically "weeded" 
by the MoD "reviewers," some are withheld for 100 years if it is felt 
that national security would be compromised, or the government embar- 
rassed by their release.

The ten percent figure has been misrepresented by the MoD in mis- 
leading statements to Parliament and the general public since 1955, by 
attributing this category to "unexplained due to insufficient information."

In fact, the opposite is true.

The Deputy Director of Intelligence at the Air Ministry during 1950-53 
was Group Captain Harold B. Collins, and in a letter to former Ministry 
of Defense official Ralph Noyes, he summarizes the results of Air Ministry 
findings at that time:

We found that there had been similar reports way back into the middle 
ages, though they took the form of "galleons in the sky" etc.

If my memory serves, we prepared a paper which divided the more 
recent reports into four classifications: 
(1) Some 35% that could be immediately discounted. 
(2) Some 25% for which we were able to find a definite or probable 
explanation. 
(3) Some 30% where there was no corroboration or there were doubts 
about the reporter and for which we could find no explanation. 
(4) Some 10% where the reporter was well qualified, i.e. Farnborough 
test pilot, etc. where there was corroboration and where the report 
itself carried conviction: but where we could find no explanation.15 
[Emphasis added] 
It is unfortunate that Group Captain Collins does not elaborate on the 
fourth category, but it is as well to emphasize that ten percent of 15,000 
reports-or even 1,500-represents a significant number of sightings by 
well-qualified witnesses for which there was no explanation. This is 
completely at variance with official statements over the past thirty years 
or so.

Although not connected to DDI (Tech.), Ralph Noyes was private 
secretary to the late Air Chief Marshal Sir Ralph Cochrane, Vice Chief 
of the Air Staff from 1950 to 1952, and he recalls an occasion at the Air 
Ministry in 1952 when Cochrane chatted about the subject with Sir Robert 
Cockburn, Chief Scientific Advisor to the Air Ministry. Cochrane referred 
to the alarming wave of sightings over Washington, DC, in July that 
year, and mentioned that the US Chief of Staff, General Hoyt Vandenberg 
(whom Cochrane knew well), "didn't think there was much in it." Cock- 
burn was asked to look into the flying saucer question, since the Washing- 
ton sightings had caused alarm at the Air Ministry. Cochrane himself was 
very much inclined to take Vandenberg's view, Ralph Noyes told me.

Although General Vandenberg had dismissed a top secret Estimate of 
the Situation which concluded that the UFOs were interplanetary in 
origin-a report delivered to him by Air Technical Intelligence Center 
at the US Air Force headquarters on 5 August 1948-Vandenberg never- 
theless ordered that the copy should be destroyed, because he feared that 
it might cause panic, and also because he felt there was insufficient proof 
to support its conclusions.16 


THE WEST MALLING INCIDENT, 1953 

On 3 November 1953, at 10:00 a.m., Royal Air Force Flying Officer 
T. S. Johnson and his navigator, Flying Officer G. Smythe, were flying 
a two-seat Vampire jet night fighter on a sector reconnaissance at 20,000 
feet near their base at RAF West Mailing in Kent, when they saw an 
object which at first appeared to be a star-like stationary light. Although 
unable to estimate its altitude, both officers said the object was much 
higher than their position. Suddenly it moved toward them at tremendous 
speed. It was perfectly circular in shape and appeared to be emitting a 
very bright light around the periphery. The sighting lasted thirty seconds 
in all.

Expecting derision when they reported the incident on landing to their 
Station Commander, Group Captain P. H. Hamley, the airmen were 
surprised when their report was immediately forwarded to Fighter Com- 
mand Headquarters. Later, two RAF intelligence officers interrogated the 
men for an hour and a half.

On 11 November the War Office announced that at 2:30 p.m. on 3

November an Army radar set being tested at the Anti-Aircraft Command 
barracks at Lee Green, Kent, picked up a large echo on a southeast bearing 
at an angle of 42° and a sound range of seventeen miles. It was tracked 
on radar from 2:45 to 3:10 p.m. by a number of Army technicians, 
including Sergeant H. Waller, who commented that the object could not 
possibly have been a balloon. To obtain the sort of signal received the 
object must have been metallic, he said, and the signal was much stronger 
than those obtained from conventional aircraft-*' three or four times 
larger than the largest airliner."

But on 12 November the War Office, which controlled inland radar at 
that time, claimed that the object was merely a meteorological balloon 
released from Crawley, Sussex, at 2:00 p.m., and added that the object 
seen by the Vampire crew was another balloon that had been released 
that morning. A radio-sonde balloon of that period, however, was only 
75 feet across, and according to Sergeant Waller the object he tracked 
was about 350-450 feet in diameter.17 


QUESTIONS IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, 1953 

The West Mailing and Lee Green incidents led to questions being asked 
in the House of Commons. On 24 November 1953 Nigel Birch, Parlia- 
mentary Secretary, Ministry of Defense, replying to Lieutenant Colonel 
Schofield, MP, and Mr. Bellenger, MP, who asked about the sightings, 
replied: "Two experimental meteorological balloons were observed at 
different times on November 3rd, one by officers of an RAF aircraft, and 
another by a member of Anti-Aircraft Command. There was nothing 
peculiar about either of the occurrences.'' (Laughter) 
Birch added in answer to further questions that the balloons were fitted 
with a special device to produce as large an echo on a radar screen as 
an aircraft, and that they had been released at unusual times. He hoped 
there would not be any more trouble. Mr. Isaacs, MP, then asked: "Will 
the Minister agree that this story of flying saucers is all ballooney?" (loud 
laughter), to which Mr. Birch responded that Mr. Isaacs' appreciation 
was "very nearly correct." (Laughter)18 


RAF PILOT'S CLOSE ENCOUNTER OVER SOUTHEND, 1954 

Nearly a year later another sighting was reported by an RAF pilot which 
has never been satisfactorily explained, and like the West Mailing incident 
is not available in the Air Ministry files at the Public Record Office.

Although the story is well known I am including it here because according 
to the witness the original account, as it appeared in Flying Saucer Review19 
contained some inaccuracies that have not been corrected until now.

I also believe that it is one of the most important sightings to have 
been reported by an RAF pilot, and I was therefore delighted to inter- 
view Flight Lieutenant James R. Salandin in 1985 and check the details 
with him.

On 14 October 1954 Flight Lieutenant Salandin, of No. 604, County 
of Middlesex Squadron, Royal Auxiliary Air Force, took off at 4:15 p.m. 
from his base at RAF North Weald in Essex, in a Meteor Mk 8. The 
weather was perfect:

When I was at about 16,000 feet I saw a whole lot of contrails-possibly 
at 30-40,000 feet-over the North Foreland. Through the middle of the 
trails I saw three objects which I thought were airplanes, but they weren't 
trailing. They came down through the middle of that toward Southend and 
then headed toward me.

When they got to within a certain distance two of them went off to my 
port side-one gold and one silver-and the third object came straight 
toward me and closed to within a few hundred yards, almost filling the 
windscreen, then it went off toward my port side. I tried to turn round to 
follow, but it had gone.

It was saucer-shaped with a bun on top and a bun underneath, and was 
silvery and metallic. There were no portholes, flames, or anything.

The third object could not have been far away because it nearly overlapped 
the windscreen (the original story claimed that it actually overlapped the 
windscreen). A Meteor's 37-feet wingspan just fills the windscreen at 
150 yards.

Salandin immediately reported the sighting by radio to North Weald.

After landing he related further details to Derek Dempster, 604 Squad- 
ron's intelligence officer, who was fortuitously to become the first editor 
of Flying Saucer Review in 1955. The report was sent to the Air Ministry 
but nothing further was heard about it. Had it not been for Derek Dempster 
the story might never have come to light.

Derek has told me that he is absolutely convinced of Salandin's sin- 
cerity, having known him well as a fellow pilot in 604 Squadron. Prior 
to flying Meteors and Vampires, "Jimmy" Salandin told me that he 
gained experience in a number of other aircraft, including 100 hours in 
a Spitfire Mk XVI (this aircraft is still flying). Salandin only regrets that 
there was not sufficient time to trigger the gun-camera button. But his 
memory of the sighting remains vivid. "I haven't found a satisfactory 
explanation for what I saw," he told me, "but I know what I saw."20

The current editor of Flying Saucer Review is the former diplomat and 
intelligence officer Gordon Creighton, who relates an intriguing sequel 
to the affair. Following a talk that Gordon had given to the House of 
Lords All-Party UFO Study Group in November 1983, he happened to 
broach the subject with a complete stranger whom he met on the train 
journey home. The Salandin case was brought up in the course of con- 
versation, and the stranger turned out to be a former member of 604

Squadron. Gordon told him that FSR had investigated and published the 
case in its first issue, and asked if by chance he had ever heard of the 
magazine. "Oh, yes!" he replied. "We knew all about Flying Saucer 
Review. You were the people that we were always warned that we must 
keep away from!"21 


MYSTERY FORMATIONS OF UFOS BAFFLE THE WAR OFFICE, 1954 

Three weeks after Flight Lieutenant Salandin's sighting, the War Office 
admitted that it was completely baffled by strange formations of "blips" 
tracked on radar, moving from east to west. A thorough check revealed 
that they could not have been caused by aircraft. From late October to 
early November 1954 there were six sightings of the unidentified targets, 
which appeared from nowhere, usually at midday, flying at a height of 
12,000 feet. First seen by a civilian radar scientist, they were subsequently 
plotted by all the radar sets in the area, on both fine and cloudy mornings.

A War Office spokesman described the formations as follows:

We cannot say what they are. They first appear in a "U," or badly shaped 
hairpin, formation. After a time they converge into two parallel lines and 
then take up a "Z" formation before disappearing. They are invisible to 
the human eye, but on the radar screen they appear as lots and lots of dots 
formed by between 40 and 50 echoes. They cover an area in the sky miles 
long and miles wide.

Every time they have been seen they followed the same pattern. It was 
always around midday. We have checked and found that our sets are not 
faulty. We are still maintaining a watch. All our sets in the area have 
picked them up.

The location of the radar trackings was not identified, and one witness 
said that he had been given very high-level orders to maintain the utmost 
secrecy. "And even if I did know what they are," he added, "I am too 
worried myself to say anything."

The Air Ministry seemed anxious to play down the incidents, pointing 
out that there are many objects such as meteorological balloons, exper- 
imental aircraft, carrier pigeons with metal rings on their legs, and even 
toy kites, which could generate an image on radar. But the trained radar 
specialists said that none of these would produce such regular and repeated 
patterns.22

By 1954 defense chiefs in Britain were convinced that a problem 
existed, even if they were not prepared to admit as much in public. The 
following statement, for example, was made by the Defense Minister of 
the time, Earl Alexander of Tunis: "This problem has intrigued me for 
a long time. . . . There are of course many phenomena in this world 
which are not explained and it is possible to say that the orthodox scientist 
is the last person to accept that something new (or old) may exist which 
cannot be explained in accordance with his understanding of natural 
laws."23 


HRH PRINCE PHILIP, DUKE OF EDINBURGH 

In February 1954 young Stephen Darbishire, together with his cousin 
Adrian Myers, took two photographs of a flying saucer near Coniston, 
Lancashire. The object was identical to those photographed by the famous 
UFO contactee George Adamski, and the Duke of Edinburgh was suf- 
ficiently impressed to invite Stephen to Buckingham Palace just over a 
month later, so that the full details could be related to one of his aides.

A full report of the interview was then sent to the Duke, who was in 
Australia at the time.24 The Duke of Edinburgh has confirmed this story 
to me, via Major the Honorable Andrew Wigram, and has graciously 
allowed me to use the following comment, with regard to George Adam- 
ski's first book, co-authored with Desmond Leslie, which he referred to 
at a dinner party in 1962: "There are many reasons to believe that they 
[UFOs] do exist: there is so much evidence from reliable witnesses. The 
book Flying Saucers Have Landed has a lot of interesting stuff in it."

His Royal Highness points out that a story published at the time claim- 
ing that he had asked the Air Ministry to forward UFO reports to him 
"is a case of gossip columnist inaccuracy." But the Duke's interest in 
the subject has remained with him since the early 1950s, and he continues 
to receive Flying Saucer Review, one of the world's leading publications 
on this controversial subject. In 1983 I was honored when he ordered a 
copy of George Adamski-The Untold Story, which I co-authored with 
Lou Zinsstag.26 


LORD LOUIS MOUNTBATTEN 

Admiral of the Fleet, Earl Mountbatten of Burma, Supreme Allied Com- 
mander in Southeast Asia during World War II and Chief of the Defense 
Staff from 1958 to 1965, showed an enormous interest in UFOs for a 
number of years. His biographer Philip Ziegler writes that Mountbatten 
once tried to persuade the Sunday Dispatch to put a team onto the more 
promising cases, and in a private letter to the editor he also propounded 
his hypothesis that the UFOs were themselves the inhabitants of other 
planets, rather than actual machines. "I know this sounds ridiculous," 
he wrote, "and I am relying on you ... not to make capital out of the 
fact that I have put forward such a far-fetched explanation."27

The Landing at Broadlands, 1955

One wonders if Lord Mountbatten felt inclined to modify his hypothesis 
when in February 1955 a flying saucer complete with occupant was alleged 
to have landed on his estate at Broadlands, near Romsey, Hampshire.

The story was related to me many years ago by Desmond Leslie who 
had investigated it personally and later published an account in Flying 
Saucer Review28 following Mountbatten's tragic murder in 1979. Thanks 
to Philip Ziegler, Mollie Travis and the Trustees of the Broadlands Ar- 
chives, photocopies of the original statements made immediately after 
the incident are published here for the first time. The first statement is 
by the witness, Frederick Briggs, with an appended drawing, and the 
second is by Mountbatten himself, with an endorsement by Ronald Heath, 
the electrician. Briggs' statement is as follows:

I am at present employed at Broadlands as a bricklayer and was cycling 
to my work from Romsey on the morning of Wednesday, the 23rd February 
1955. When I was about half way between the Palmerston or Romsey 
Lodge and the house, just by where the drive forks off to the Middlebridge 
Lodge, I suddenly saw an object hovering stationary over the field between 
the end of the gardens and Middlebridge Drive, and just on the house side 
of the little stream.

The object was shaped like a child's huge humming-top and half way 
between 20 ft or 30 ft in diameter.

Its color was like dull aluminum, rather like a kitchen saucepan. It was 
shaped like the sketch which I have endeavored to make, and had portholes 
all round the middle, rather like a steamer has.

The time was just after 8:30 a.m. with an overcast sky and light snow 
on the ground.

I turned off the drive at the fork and rode over the grass for rather less 
than 100 yards. I then dismounted, and holding my bicycle in my right 
hand, watched.

While I was watching a column, about the thickness of a man, descended 
from the center of the Saucer and I suddenly noticed on it, what appeared 
to be a man, presumably standing on a small platform on the end. He did 
not appear to be holding on to anything. He seemed to be dressed in a 
dark suit of overalls, and was wearing a close fitting hat or helmet.

At the time the Saucer was certainly less than 100 yards from me, and 
not more than 60 ft over the level where I was standing, although the 
meadow has a steep bank at this point, so that the Saucer would have been 
about 80 ft over the lower level of the meadow.

As I stood there watching, I suddenly saw a curious light come on in 
one of the portholes. It was a bluish light, rather like a mercury vapor 
light. Although it was quite bright, it did not appear to be directed straight 
at me, nor did it dazzle me, but simultaneously with the light coming on 
I suddenly seemed to be pushed over, and I fell down in the snow with 
my bicycle on top of me. What is more, I could not get up again. Although 
the bicycle only weighs a few lbs it seemed as if an unknown force was 
holding me down.

Whilst lying on the ground I could see the tube withdrawn quickly into 
the Saucer, which then rose vertically, quite as fast as the fastest jet aircraft 
I have seen, or faster.

There had been no noise whatever until the Saucer started to move, and 
even then the noise was no louder than that of an ordinary small rocket 
let off by a child on Guy Fawkes Night.

It disappeared out of sight into the clouds almost instantaneously, and 
as it went, I found myself able to get up. Although I seemed to be lying 
a long time on the ground I do not suppose, in reality, it was more than 
a few seconds.

I felt rather dizzy, as though I had received a near knockout blow on 
the chin, but of course there was no physical hurt of any sort, merely a 
feeling of dizziness. 
1 picked up my bicycle, mounted it and rode straight on to Broadlands 
where I met Heath standing by the garage.

I was feeling very shaky and felt I must regain my confidence by 
discussing what I had seen. I said to him: "Look, Ron, have you known 
me long enough to know that I am sane and sober at this hour of the 
morning?" He laughed and made some remark like, "Well, of course."

Then I told him what I had seen.

Heath and I went back along the road where I showed him the tracks 
of my bicycle. I then went back to work, where I saw my foreman, Mr.

Hudson, and told him what I had seen.

Lord Mountbatten's statement reads:

The attached statement was dictated by Mr. Briggs to Mrs. Travis on the 
morning of the 23rd February 1955 at my request.

My own electrician, Heath, reported his conversation and I subsequently 
interviewed Mr. Briggs, with my wife and younger daughter, and as a 
result of his account, Heath and I accompanied him to the place from 
which he saw the Flying Saucer.

We followed the marks of his bicycle in the snow very easily, and 
exactly at the spot which he described the tracks came to an end, and foot 
marks appeared beside it. Next to the foot marks there were the marks of 
a body having fallen in the snow, and then the marks of a bicycle having 
been picked up again, there being a clear gap of 3 ft between where the 
front wheel marks originally ended and then started again. The rear wheel 
marks were continuous but blurred. From then on the bicycle tracks led 
back to the drive.

The bicycle tracks absolutely confirm Mr. Briggs' story, so far as his 
own movements are concerned.

He, Heath and I searched the area over the spot where the Flying Saucer 
was estimated to have been, but candidly we could see no unusual signs.

The snow at the bottom of the meadow had melted much more than 
that at the top, and it would have been difficult to see any marks.

This statement has been dictated in the presence of Heath and Mr.

Briggs, and Heath and I have carefully read Mr. Briggs' statement, and 
we both attest that this is the exact story which he told us.

Mr. Briggs was still dazed when I first saw him, and was worried that 
no one would believe his story. Indeed, he made a point of saying that he 
had never believed in Flying Saucer stories before, and had been absolutely 
amazed at what he had seen.

He did not give me the impression of being the sort of man who would 
be subject to hallucinations, or would in any way invent such a story. I 
am sure from the sincere way he gave his account that he, himself, is 
completely convinced of the truth of his own statement.

He has offered to swear to the truth of this statement on oath on the 
Bible if needed, but I saw no point in asking him to do this.

At the bottom of Mountbatten's statement is an endorsement by Ronald 
Heath: "I confirm that I have read and agree with the above statement. "29

Philip Ziegler makes short shrift of this episode, and comments that 
by 1957 Mountbatten had become disillusioned with the amount of rub- 
bish published on the subject. "I must be honest and confess that I no 
longer take the same interest," he wrote to a more ardent student of the 
subject. Ziegler adds that Mountbatten never rejected the possibility that 
such objects existed, but insisted that they must be susceptible to rational 
explanation. 'Tew senior naval officers would have been ready to con- 
front the paranormal with such equanimity," Ziegler commented, and 
quotes an interesting observation made by Lord Mountbatten, before his 
enthusiasm waned, in 1950: "The fact that they can hover and accelerate 
away from the earth's gravity again and even revolve around a V2 in 
America (as reported by their head scientist) shows they are far ahead of 
us. If they really come over in a big way that may settle the capitalist- 
communist war. If the human race wishes to survive they may have to 
band together."30 


=========================================================================
2. ROOM 801-TOP SECRET (1955-59) 

In April 1955 the Air Ministry announced that the results of a five-year 
investigation into flying saucers by the Royal Air Force had been sub- 
mitted to high-ranking officers but that it was never to be revealed to the 
public for security reasons. In view of the Ministry's oft-repeated state- 
ment that UFOs do not constitute a threat to the nation's security, this 
was a curious announcement, and it provoked Major Patrick Wall, MP, 
to ask the Under-Secretary of State for Air, George Ward, to confirm 
whether he proposed to publish a report. Ward's reply failed to address 
the question: "Reports of flying saucers, as well as other abnormal objects 
in the sky, are investigated as they come in, but there has been no formal 
inquiry. About 90% of the reports have been found to relate to meteors, 
balloons, flares and many other objects. The fact that the other 10% are 
unexplained need be attributed to nothing more sinister than lack of 
data."1

The reference to ten percent of cases that might have been explained 
if it had not been for "lack of data" is without foundation, as is clear 
from the Air Ministry findings summarized by Group Captain Collins, 
which have been quoted in Chapter 1. George Ward eventually admitted 
to a friend of mine that he was obliged to cover up the facts about UFOs, 
a revelation discussed later in this chapter. 



THE KILGALLEN STORY, 1955 

On 22 May an International News Service syndicated report from London 
by the American journalist Dorothy Kilgallen stated:

British scientists and airmen, after examining the wreckage of one mys- 
terious flying ship, are convinced these strange aerial objects are not optical 
illusions or Soviet inventions, but are flying saucers which originate on 
another planet.

The source of my information is a British official of Cabinet rank who 
prefers to remain unidentified. "We believe, on the basis of our inquiry 
thus far, that the saucers were staffed by small men-probably under four 
feet tall. It's frightening, but there is no denying the flying saucers come 
from another planet."

This official quoted scientists as saying a flying ship of this type could 
not possibly have been constructed on earth. The British government, 1 
learned, is withholding an official report on the "flying saucer" exami- 
nation at this time, possibly because it does not wish to frighten the public.2

The story has been discounted as a hoax, and investigators in a number 
of countries have never been able to authenticate it. The London news 
editor of the International News Service, for example, told Flying Saucer 
Review that he had tried hard to get to the bottom of the story but had 
drawn a blank.3 According to the present editor of FSR, Gordon Creigh- 
ton, the crash was alleged to have taken place during World War II, and 
the story related to Dorothy Kilgallen during a cocktail party given by 
Lord Mountbatten in May, but I have been unable to substantiate this 
with Mollie Travis, Mountbatten's private secretary at the time.

Gordon Creighton was unsuccessful in obtaining a reply to a letter he 
addressed to Kilgallen, as was the Swedish researcher K. Gosta Rehn 
who, like many others, reasoned that the story was simply a newspaper 
gimmick and the journalist had been reprimanded for it. British authorities 
are said to have issued a sharp denial of Kilgallen's report. "Had Dorothy 
Kilgallen been at a smart cocktail party at which a senior member of the 
government passed her the 'sensation' as a joke?" Gosta Rehn asks. 
"This suggestion does not accord with the objective tone of the report.

Why should the Englishman have told her about it if he were not deeply 
interested in the secret, relied on her confidence and his own anonymity?

And why should Dorothy Kilgallen risk her reputation as one of the 
USA's star journalists by propagating an untrue story?"4 Why indeed?

To the best of my knowledge Dorothy Kilgallen never denied the story.

Furthermore, a number of similar stories from reliable sources have sur- 
faced over the years, not all of which can be discounted, however absurd 
they may sound. 


RAF BENTWATERS/LAKENHEATH, 1956 

An impressive sighting by RAF and US Air Force personnel took place 
on the night of 13/14 August 1956 when at least one UFO was simul- 
taneously tracked by three different ground-based radars at RAF/US AF 
Bentwaters and Lakenheath, Suffolk, as well as on airborne radar, and 
the objects were also seen from the ground and in the air. This is the 
little-known but definitive account by F.H.C. Wimbledon, RAF Fighter 
Controller on duty at RAF Neatishead, Norfolk, at the time:

I was Chief Controller on duty at the main RAF Radar Station in East 
Anglia on the night in question. My duties were to monitor the Radar 
picture and to scramble the Battle Flight, who were on duty 24 hours a 
day, to intercept any intruder of British airspace not positively identified 
in my sector of responsibility. . . .

I remember Lakenheath USAF base telephoning to say there was some- 
thing "buzzing" their airfield circuit. I scrambled a Venom night fighter 
from the Battle Flight through Sector and my controller in the Interception 
Cabin took over control of it. The Interception Control team would consist 
of one Fighter Controller (an Officer), a Corporal, a tracker and a height 
reader. That is, four highly trained personnel in addition to myself could 
now clearly see the object on our radarscopes. . . .

After being vectored onto the trail of the object by my Interception 
Controller, the pilot called out, "Contact," then a short time later, "Judy," 
which meant the Navigator had the target fairly and squarely on his own 
radar screen and needed no further help from the ground. He continued 
to close on the target but after a few seconds, and in the space of one or 
two sweeps of our scopes, the object appeared behind our fighter. Our 
pilot called out, "Lost Contact, more help," and he was told the target 
was now behind him and he was given fresh instructions. 
1 then scrambled a second Venom which was vectored toward the area 
but before it arrived on the scene the target had disappeared from our 
scopes and although we continued to keep a careful watch was not seen 
by us. 
... the fact remains that at least nine RAF ground personnel and two 
RAF aircrew were conscious of an object sufficiently "solid" to give 
returns on radar. Naturally, all this was reported and a Senior Officer from 
the Air Ministry came down and interrogated us.5

In a letter to the Sunday Times Mr. Wimbledon revealed that the 
headquarters of Fighter Command were fully informed, and that the 
strictest secrecy was imposed.6 The case was taken off the secret list in 
January 1969 when the USAF-sponsored scientific study of UFOs, headed 
by the late Dr. Edward Condon, published its findings. The investigative 
team concluded that "this is the most puzzling and unusual case in the 
radar-visual files. The apparently rational, intelligent behavior of the UFO 
suggests a mechanical device of unknown origin as the most probable 
explanation.' 
During a televised public meeting at Banbury Town Hall on 26 January 
1972, a member of the audience asked Ministry of Defense spokesman 
Anthony Davies what the Ministry had to say about the Bentwaters/ 
Lakenheath case. Mr. Davies replied that he could say nothing because 
the papers had been destroyed. The BBC "Horizon" team chose to 
exclude this exchange from the subsequent broadcast.8 I asked Ralph 
Noyes if he was aware that the papers had been destroyed. He pointed 
out that as head of Defense Secretariat 8 (1969-72) he saw only a small 
proportion of the UFO material since the bulk of reports was handled by 
S4, another MoD department, but went on to say:

I think it is very surprising if those papers were destroyed. There is every 
indication that at the time of the incident the Air Ministry, as it then was, 
was exceedingly interested, if not positively uneasy. If the papers have 
been destroyed this does look like a thoroughly improper step to have 
taken. There is no doubt that something important took place at Bentwaters/ 
Lakenheath, even if it was only a very extraordinary misperception by 
radar operators and pilots, and that should surely have remained on record.

Ralph Noyes, who retired from the Ministry of Defense in the grade 
of Under-Secretary of State in 1977, revealed to me that gun-camera film 
had been taken by one of the Venom pilots, and that he was shown this 
at Whitehall, together with a number of other film clips taken by RAF 
aircrew. The films were shown at a briefing arranged by the head of S4, 
attended by the Director of Air Defense, some Air Staff personnel, and 
a representative from the Meteorological Office. "The briefing was in- 
tended to inform those few of us who had a concern with these matters 
what the phenomena might be about," he told me. "The flavor of the 
discussion was that it might be something obscure meteorologically. The 
film clips were very brief, rather fuzzy and not particularly spectacular.

But they existed!"9 


THE WARDLE MYSTERY, 1957 

On 15 February 1957 a large circular object was seen by independent 
witnesses at Wardle in Lancashire, which prompted J. A. Leavey, MP, 
to table a House of Commons question to the Secretary of State for Air, 
requesting an explanation. Shortly afterward a commercial-type aircraft 
was seen flying over Wardle, broadly following the course taken by the 
UFO, and displaying unusually powerful lights. Then a small radio trans- 
mitter (Air Ministry issue) was discovered, of the type normally sus- 
pended from meteorological balloons. Shortly after this, another piece 
of meteorological equipment was found attached to a parachute, also near 
a point on the UFO's flight path. It had been snowing shortly after the 
sighting, yet none of these objects was at all affected by snow, leading 
to the suspicion that they had been deliberately planted with the object 
of debunking the sighting.

Mr. Leavey's question was answered in the House of Commons on 
20 March by Charles Orr-Ewing, Under-Secretary of State for Air, who 
replied that the object seen at Wardle was nothing more sinister than two 
hydrogen-filled toy balloons, illuminated with a flashlight bulb, which 
had been released by a laundry mechanic from Rochdale. All the inves- 
tigators were unanimous in their rejection of this explanation, however, 
and the Air Ministry was evidently less than convinced itself, for on 17

April they sent an investigator to interview the witnesses, who were told 
to keep his visit quiet.10 And when the man who was supposed to have 
released the balloon was interviewed by the local press, he said that he 
had no idea how to fill a balloon with hydrogen nor how to fit lights to 
it: in fact, he had nothing at all to do with the incident. As Geoffrey 
Norris, writing in the Royal Air Force Flying Review, concluded: "After 
officially debunking this sighting, the Air Ministry have confirmed that 
an investigator has been sent up to Wardle. After his researches the Air 
Ministry still maintain it was a balloon. It is small wonder that the public 
are both bemused and amused at such complicated events."11


AIR CHIEF MARSHAL LORD DOWDING 

Air Chief Marshal Lord Dowding, Commander-in-Chief of RAF Fighter 
Command during the Battle of Britain in 1940, was greatly interested in 
the subject of UFOs and on a number of occasions made some courageous 
statements, such as the following:

More than 10,000 sightings have been reported, the majority of which 
cannot be accounted for by any "scientific" explanation, e.g. that they 
are hallucinations, the effects of light refraction, meteors, wheels falling 
from airplanes, and the like. . . . They have been tracked on radar screens 
. . . and the observed speeds have been as great as 9,000 miles an hour. . . . 
/ am convinced that these objects do exist and that they are not manufac- 
tured by any nation on earth. I can therefore see no alternative to accepting 
the theory that they come from some extraterrestrial source. . . .

I think that we must resist the tendency to assume that they all come 
from the same planet, or that they are actuated by similar motives. It might 
be that the visitors from one planet wished to help us in our evolution from 
the basis of a higher level to which they had attained.

Another planet might send an expedition to ascertain what have been 
these terrible explosions which they have observed, and to prevent us from 
discommoding other people besides ourselves by the new toys with which 
we are so light-heartedly playing.

Other visitors might have come bent solely on scientific discovery and 
might regard us with the dispassionate aloofness with which we might 
regard insects found beneath an upturned stone.12 [Emphasis added] 
I have no hesitation in endorsing these sentiments, based on my own 
personal studies since 1955, although the subject is infinitely more com- 
plex than this.

In February 1957 Lord Dowding wrote to the Italian diplomat Alberto 
Perego, stressing that his interest went beyond the mere sightings of flying 
saucers. "What I am interested in," he wrote, "is accounts of intelligible 
contacts between human beings and the occupants of interplanetary ships.''13 


RAF WEST FREUGH, 1957 

On 4 April 1957 an unidentified target was tracked at RAF West Freugh 
on the west coast of Scotland, and radar stations throughout Britain were 
ordered by RAF Intelligence to keep a twenty-four-hour watch for the 
object. Wing Commander Walter Whitworth, Commanding Officer at 
West Freugh, was quoted as saying:

I have been ordered by the Air Ministry to say nothing about the object.

I am not allowed to reveal its position, course and speed. From the moment 
of picking it up, it was well within our area. It was an object of some 
substance-quite definitely not a freak. No mistake could have been made 
by the [Ministry of Supply] civilians operating the sets. They are fully 
qualified and experienced officers.14

Wing Commander Whitworth said later that the matter had been taken 
extremely seriously by the Air Ministry, where a spokesman said that 
until their experts had a full report, no detailed statement would be issued.

Flying Saucer Review pressed inquiries at the Ministry and was informed 
that no final explanation for the radar tracking had been arrived at, al- 
though a meteorological balloon had been released from RAF Aldergrove, 
Northern Ireland, at a time which would have enabled it to have reached 
the west coast of Scotland at the time of the radar sighting. The spokesman 
was unable to say definitely that the balloon was responsible for the radar 
signal, however, which was perhaps just as well since the original report 
stated that the object, tracked at an estimated altitude of 60,000 feet, was 
too fast, too large and too maneuverable to have been a plane-much 
less a balloon.15 

Nine weeks after the West Freugh report, the Reynolds News claimed 
that the Air Ministry conducted top secret research into the UFO phe- 
nomenon at one of its offices in Northumberland Avenue, London. The 
report stated that on the ninth floor of what was formerly the Hotel 
Metropole, a top secret room existed-No. 801-where all reports of 
UFOs were collected and studied by experts.

In the ten years during which the Air Ministry had been analyzing the 
reports (1947-57), a Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying, they had 
"something like 10,000 sightings" on file and that although many reports 
had been "cleared up" there were some which could not be explained. 
"Nobody in the know," he admitted, "is prepared to say that all reports 
about these mystery objects are nonsense."

The interior of Room 801 was never seen by unauthorized persons. A 
large map of the British Isles hung on one wall, the report continued, 
and on it were literally thousands of colored pins, with the heaviest 
concentration appearing to be over the Norwich area. At airfields all over 
Britain fighter planes were kept ready to intercept, and if necessary to 
engage any UFO within combat range.16

Gordon Creighton, the indefatigable editor of Flying Saucer Review, 
had been an intelligence officer at Northumberland Avenue during the 
period in question, so I asked him if he could substantiate the story in 
any way, although he was not involved with the Air Ministry. "I was 
on the next floor to the department that dealt with UFOs," he told me. 
"There was only one floor above us: that floor was DDI (Tech.), so 
everybody that went up in the lift above us was from that department.

There weren't any other departments on that floor. But I and one or two 
other people in my department used to have fun when we were going up 
or down in the lift with a bunch of these chaps, talking about UFOs!"

Creighton learned that the Deputy Directorate of Intelligence (Tech- 
nical) employed full-time researchers into the UFO subject-a fact con- 
sistently denied by the MoD-and that there was close liaison with the 
Americans. "What 1 thought was fascinating," he told me in 1984, "was 
that in those early days I met quite a number of US Air Force Intelligence 
people, and CIA, who of course were deeply interested-always pre- 
tended they weren't-and we had long discussions about it." 


AIRLINER COMMUNICATIONS INTERFERENCE, 1957 

On 31 May 1957 at 7:17 a.m. a British airliner was flying over Kent, 
just south of Rochester, when both the captain and first officer sighted a 
UFO, which simultaneously cut out all radio communications. The fol- 
lowing is a personal account by the captain, whose name has been with- 
held by request:

I was in command of a scheduled airline service from Croydon Airport to 
Holland. As we got to a position two nautical miles south of Rochester 
my First Officer and myself became aware of a brilliant object bearing 
110° (T) from north and elevated about 10° above the haze level. We were 
flying at 5,000 feet above sea level, heading 082° magnetic 074° (T). The 
UFO was about two-thirds the size of a sixpence in the windscreen at first.

It then appeared to come toward us. When it was about the size of a 
sixpence the object became oval in shape and turned away. Then it became 
as before and reduced in size to about half the size of a sixpence. Then 
to our astonishment the UFO disappeared completely as we watched it.

We did not see the UFO go, but became aware that we were looking at 
an empty sky.

We were unable to contact ' 'London Radar'' due to a complete radio 
failure in the aircraft, nor were we able to report to ' 'London Airways,'' 
nor to "London Flight Information." Radio failure, especially complete 
radio failure, is rare these days, and in our case was due to our circuit 
breakers not keeping "In." A radio circuit breaker "breaks circuit" when 
the system is overloaded by an extra source of electrical or thermal energy.

On this occasion we were not using all our equipment, so there was no 
cause for overloading. However, our radio equipment became fully ser- 
viceable after the UFO had gone, and all circuit breakers stayed "In."

Is it too much to ask if the UFO was able, through overloading our 
electrical system, to prevent our reporting it or asking for radar confir- 
mation? When we returned to the UK a similar report to the account I 
have given you was made to both the Ministry of Transport and Civil 
Aviation, and to the Air Ministry.17 [Emphasis added] 
RAF GAYDON, 1957

On 21 October 1957 Flying Officer D. W. Sweeney, flying a Meteor jet 
on a training exercise from RAF North Luffenham, nearly collided with 
an unidentified flying object over RAF Gay don, Warwickshire. The in- 
cident occurred at 9:18 p.m. at an altitude of 28,000 feet. After taking 
evasive action Sweeney tried to approach the object, whereupon its six 
lights went out and it disappeared. The pilot's report was confirmed by 
radar a few minutes earlier at RAF Langtoft, when the object was tracked 
over Gaydon at about 28,000 feet. A check on military and civilian aircraft 
movements showed that the Meteor was the only plane in the area at the 
time.18 


QUESTIONS IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, 1958-59 

A sighting at RAF Lakenheath on 19 April 1958, when aircraft were 
scrambled to intercept unidentified targets which had been plotted on 
radar within ten miles of the base (subsequently explained as freak weather 
conditions by the US Air Force) led to a question in the House of Com- 
mons on 10 June by George Chetwynd, MP: "How many instances of 
unidentified flying objects had been reported on by the defense services 
of the United Kingdom during the past twelve months, and what steps 
were taken to coordinate such observations?*' 
Charles Orr-Ewing, the Under-Secretary of State for Air, replied: "Re- 
ports of 54 unidentified flying objects have been received in the last 12 
months. Such coordination as is necessary is undertaken by the Air Min- 
istry. Most of the objects turn out to be meteors, balloons or aircraft.

Satellites have also accounted for a number of recent reports."19

This was the last time the government released figures of specifically 
military reports, and even in this guarded reply there is careful avoidance 
of the words "by the defense services." With one exception (see Chapter 
3) I have been unable to extract such figures from the Ministry of Defense.

In 1984 I was told, "It is not possible to say how many 'UFO' reports 
have been made by military personnel since 1947. "20

On 30 July 1958 George Chetwynd pressed further questions in the 
House of Commons. He began by asking the Secretary of State for Air, 
George Ward, what action was being taken to ascertain the identity of 
UFOs which had not been recognized as meteors, balloons, aircraft or 
satellites. Replied Ward: "We investigate all reports of UFOs as fully 
as the details allow, but I am afraid there will always be some which 
remain unexplained because the reports are not sufficiently precise."

Mr. Chetwynd then asked if the Right Honorable Gentleman was aware 
that a number of scientific societies were conducting research to establish 
the existence of flying saucers. Could he say whether his Department had 
any information which would back up this claim and, if so, whether he 
would be prepared to give it to these societies? George Ward repeated 
that the bulk of reports was explained, and only a very small proportion 
was not, adding, "We think that the reason why these are not explained, 
too, is that the data we have about them is not sufficient.'' Mr. Chetwynd 
persisted: "Is there any evidence to back up the claims that there are 
flying saucers?" The Minister did not reply.21 

On 5 November 1958 Roy Mason, MP-who was later to become 
Minister of Defense-asked the Air Minister to what extent official rec- 
ords were kept of sightings; what departments within the Air Ministry 
existed solely to collate information on this question; and to what extent 
this information suggested that some of the unidentified phenomena may 
not originate on this planet. In a written reply Air Minister George Ward 
said: "If a report of an unidentified flying object has a bearing on the air 
defense of this country it is investigated and the results recorded. No 
staff are employed whole-time on the task. Although some of the objects 
have not been identified for lack of data, nothing suggests that they are 
other than mundane."22

This was clearly an unsatisfactory reply for Roy Mason, and on 21

January 1959 he asked the Air Minister another question in the Commons:

What specific instructions have been sent to the commanders of Royal 
Air Force stations to collect reports from air crews having allegedly 
sighted unidentified flying objects; what inquiries have been held follow- 
ing such sightings; and to what extent is there collaboration between the 
Department and the respective departments in Canada and the United 
States on this problem? Ward replied that RAF units had standing in- 
structions to report unusual flying objects when they could not be readily 
explained. Reports which may have a bearing on air defense were in- 
vestigated, he added, and no special collaboration with Canada or the 
United States was required.23

A sighting by officials at London Airport one month later led to further 
questions in the Commons. The Times of 26 February 1959 reported that 
RAF Fighter Command Headquarters had described the object as "a 
bright yellow light varying in intensity some 200 feet from the ground.

It stayed in one position for about 20 minutes, then climbed away at high 
speed." Police, air traffic controllers and others examined the UFO through 
binoculars. In a written reply on 11 March Air Minister Ward stated: "A 
pale yellow light was seen by officials at London Airport above one of 
the runways from 7:25 to 7:45 on the evening of February 25. There was 
no corresponding response on the airport radars or on air defense radars.

The light was not identified. . . . There was insufficient evidence to 
determine what the cause of this light could have been."24 


THE AIR MINISTER ADMITS TO A COVER-UP 

Desmond Leslie, the co-author (with George Adamski) of Flying Saucers 
Have Landed, is a second cousin to the late Sir Winston Churchill. Dubbed 
the "Saucerer Royal'' because he was well acquainted with British royalty 
and various VIPs in the government at the time, he had also served in 
the Royal Air Force as a fighter pilot during World War II. He was thus 
ideally placed to assess the true attitude of officialdom to the subject- 
and that of George Ward in particular.

Ward was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Air when Leslie 
first met him in 1953 and presented him with a copy of his book. I quote 
from part of the letter that Ward subsequently wrote to Leslie, dated 18

January 1954:

Dear Saucerer Royal, 
Thank you so much for sending me your book. ... I was delighted to 
have it. I read every word during the weekend. It is even more fascinating 
than I expected.

I can well understand why you got so absorbed in the subject. My head 
has been full of thoughts about it for two days. ... I was lost in admiration 
at the immense amount of research you had done. . . .

Let's meet again as soon as possible. There is a mass of things I want 
to ask you and I should love to see Adamski's papers. . . .

I spent the morning with old Handley Page at his works. I couldn't 
escape from the horrible thought that all our efforts to fly higher and faster 
and further are simply brute force. God, I wish we knew how to build a 
vimana!25 Let's damn well find out. . . .

It is evident that George Ward had become very interested in the subject 
prior to his debunking statements in the House of Commons. When the 
Air Ministry "explained" the sighting in 1953 by Flight Lieutenants 
Johnson and Smythe near RAF West Mailing as "balloons," Desmond 
Leslie telephoned the Air Minister and politely hinted that he was a fibber.

Ward laughed and replied: * 'What am I to say? / know it wasn't a balloon.

You know it wasn't a balloon. But until I've got a saucer on the ground 
in Hyde Park and can charge the public sixpence a go to enter, it must 
be balloons, otherwise the government would fall and I'd lose my job.' 
Ward went on to explain the difficult position he found himself in, 
along with other members of Her Majesty's Government, and said that 
if he admitted the existence of flying saucers without evidence that the 
general public could actually touch, they would consider that the gov- 
ernment had gone barmy and lose their faith in them.

Leslie also challenged George Ward about the sighting by Flight Lieu- 
tenant Salandin of a UFO over the Thames estuary in 1954 (see Chapter 
1) when RAF North Weald had its switchboard jammed with inquiries.

He asked why the Air Minister had issued an order forbidding pilots to 
report such sightings to the public or press.26 Replied Ward: "Look, I'm 
trying to run an air force. When a story like this breaks, the poor CO. 
is driven frantic. His telephone is jammed with calls and he is unable to 
get on with the business of running an efficient airfield."27

These statements are conclusive proof of a cover-up by Her Majesty's 
Government, but for what seem perfectly legitimate and understandable 
reasons. However, insofar as George Ward's reason citing the lack of 
tangible proof is concerned, there are grounds for sustaining the belief 
that such proof does exist, even if it has not always been made available 
to successive government ministers. 


=========================================================================
3. A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY (1960-79) 

Sightings in the United Kingdom over the next few years declined con- 
siderably, and newspaper reports became correspondingly less frequent, 
leading to a suspicion in some quarters that they were being censored by 
officialdom. Journalist Roger Muirfield, for example, wrote in 1960: 
"Although I cannot explain why the truth is being suppressed, I am 
certain it is merely a rearguard action that is being fought, consciously 
or subconsciously, by those who are responsible for the molding of public 
opinion. Somewhere, I am certain, the penny has dropped, but the public 
must not be told."1

But Waveney Girvan, editor of Flying Saucer Review at the time, was 
convinced that there was no press censorship as such; rather, the media 
had become bored with a subject which for many had become ridiculous 
and no longer newsworthy. These sentiments were echoed in 1962 by 
Robert Chapman, science correspondent of the Sunday Express and author 
of Unidentified Flying Objects. He has assured me that he has found no 
evidence of a D-Notice being brought to bear on UFOs in the press, and 
other journalists and editors have confirmed this. 


The D-Notice and Official Secrets Act 

A D-Notice is a formal letter of request circulated confidentially to news- 
paper editors, warning them that an item of news, which may be protected 
under the Official Secrets Act, is regarded by the defense authorities as 
a secret affecting national security. It has no legal authority and can only 
be regarded as a letter of advice or request, but it warns that "whether 
or not any legal sanction would attach to the act of publication, publication 
is considered to be contrary to the national interest."

The Official Secrets Act prohibits all forms of espionage and bars 
government officials from divulging secrets and unauthorized persons 
from receiving them. The Act is invariably linked to the D-Notice system 
and, since a D-Notice warns an editor that publication of a given news 
item may violate the Act, the effect is similar to censorship. Is there any 
evidence that some news items on UFOs have been subject to this pro- 
cedure?

In 1980 I wrote to the editors of several leading national newspapers, 
but not one was able to confirm this. I then wrote to Chapman Pincher, 
the well-known author and journalist who has written a number of books 
on Britain's intelligence and security services. "I can assure you," he 
replied, "that UFOs are not classified under the OS A nor have D-Notices 
ever been applied to reports about them." Chapman Pincher has also 
stated that none of the world's intelligence services is involved in UFO 
research, which is completely at variance with the facts, but I think he 
is right about the lack of D-Notice application.4 As to the Official Secrets 
Act, that is another matter altogether, and there is some evidence that it 
has been used to silence witnesses.

The absence of evidence for the application of a D-Notice does not 
rule out the possibility that official pressure has been brought to bear on 
the media where UFOs are concerned. Freelance journalist Tony Gray, 
for example, told me that a colleague of his was once warned off a story 
by "someone in the government." Although this is only one of several 
rumors that have reached me indicating that subtle pressure has been 
applied to editors and journalists, I have been unable to substantiate them.

If such pressure had ever been widely applied, this would in itself con- 
stitute a sensational story that Fleet Street would have lost little time 
capitalizing on-a counterproductive move as far as the Ministry of 
Defense is concerned, since they are in my view anxious to avoid any 
suggestion of a cover-up. Debunking is a far more effective weapon.

It has to be said that remarkably few television and radio news items 
are broadcast on the subject, however. In view of the fact that the BBC 
World Service, for example, receives a regular flow of foreign intelligence 
material collated from MI5, MI6, and GCHQ (Government Communi- 
cations Headquarters), which has led some BBC staff to suspect that the 
Foreign Office could distort coverage by being selective in the presen- 
tation of their own intelligence,5 the possibility of UFO censorship in 
broadcasting cannot be overlooked.


RAF COSFORD, 1963

The Royal Air Force Technical Training Establishment at Cosford, near 
Wolverhampton, was the scene of an alleged UFO landing on the night 
of 10/11 December 1963. Between 11:30 p.m. and midnight two boy 
entrants reported that a bright dome-shaped object came out of the sky 
and went behind a hangar, emitting a green beam of light which swept 
the area. The two witnesses watched it for about two minutes and then 
ran to tell the duty officer. The boys were interrogated at length by the 
commanding officer and fellow officers, and the sighting was actually 
reported to the camp over its own closed circuit radio.

Flying Saucer Review contacted RAF Cosford, which promptly denied 
that any such incident had occurred. In reply to further questions the Air 
Ministry in London admitted that two young students, not altogether 
sober, had been up to a pre-Christmas prank. When pressed, the Air 
Ministry said there was to be an inquiry into the incident, since some 
sketches had been made. FSR editor Waveney Girvan asked if he could 
see the sketches. No, the RAF did not have them, was the reply. How 
then could they hold an inquiry? Girvan asked. The answer to this question 
apparently tailed off into incomprehensibility. A few days later Girvan 
telephoned the Air Ministry again. The "drunken students" had now 
become "sober apprentices" who had perpetrated a hoax. What sort of 
hoax? asked Girvan. The boys had constructed their own saucer, and this 
was the explanation for the incident, came the reply.

On 9 January 1964 investigator Wilfred Daniels interviewed Flight 
Lieutenant Henry, the chaplain at RAF Cosford, who confirmed that the 
boys had indeed witnessed a UFO landing which had terrified them. 
"They ran until they were in a building and could tell someone about it.

They were told to 'sober up* but they were not drunk and are quite sane 
and sensible," the chaplain explained, adding that he believed there would 
be a security clamp-down on the incident.

Waveney Girvan contacted RAF Cosford once again and spoke to 
Flight Lieutenant Stevens, who admitted that an investigation had been 
carried out behind the hangar where the object had been seen. No scorch 
marks had been found, apparently. Girvan then phoned the Air Ministry 
and asked which of the several explanations of the affair was to be 
regarded as official. The spokesman, Mr. B. E. Robson, appeared to 
waver between "nothing at all" and something that did not really amount 
to a hoax.

The visit to RAF Cosford on 6 March 1964 b> a deputation which 
included the Secretary of State for Air, Hugh Fraser, an assortment of 
air vice marshals, and an MP led Waveney Girvan to suspect that the 
visit was in some way connected with the incident in December. The 
spokesman denied this, but, wrote Girvan: "In view of the long series 
of misrepresentations by the Air Ministry on the subject of UFOs, it was 
pointed out to Mr. Robson that the public could not be blamed if the 
explanation and denials were received with a great deal of reserve. It 
certainly seems to be an extraordinary coincidence that so many of the 
'top brass' should descend on what is only a training station at the very 
moment that Flying Saucer Review and others were applying pressure to 
arrive at the truth."6

I doubt that the visit was in any way related, since such an investigation 
would not have been conducted by air vice-marshals, nor would the 
Secretary of State for Air and a Member of Parliament have been present, 
in view of the attention the visit attracted.

Another UFO landing in 1963 led to official inquiries at a high level.

A close friend of mine whom I have known since 1952 witnessed the 
landing of an unidentified flying object in Derbyshire in September 1963, 
and subsequently came into contact with its operators. Four years after- 
ward two men with Home Office identification cards turned up at my 
friend's flat and politely asked a number of questions which clearly in- 
dicated that they were familiar with aspects of the incident. When my 
friend refused to answer certain questions the men seemed pleased and 
eventually left. There were no threats; the men seemed perfectly normal 
in every way, and there was no follow-up. As in most such cases, nothing 
can be proven, but I am sure of my friend's integrity.

Asked at a public meeting in 1963 why the government was trying to 
"hush up the sightings of flying saucers,'' the former Minister of Defense 
(1959-62) Harold Watkinson, returned an intriguing reply, without ac- 
tually answering the question: "Before I left the Ministry I had to sign 
a large number of papers promising never to reveal certain facts I had 
learned as Minister of Defense. The subject of flying saucers may be 
included."7 


THE NEW MINISTRY OF DEFENSE, 1964 

In 1964 the Air Ministry, Admiralty and War Office were unified into 
the new Ministry of Defense, largely at the instigation of Lord Mount- 
batten, who was Chief of the Defense Staff at the time. The Air Ministry 
became the Air Force Department, within which was a secretariat called 
S4 (Air) that had, among other jobs, the task of handling complaints from 
the public about alleged low-flying infringements as well as dealing with 
reports of UFO sightings by members of the public. Another department 
within the Central Staffs-Defense Secretariat 8 (DS8)-handled similar 
tasks at this time.

The newly formed DS8 took over the responsibilities of Secretariat 6. 
''The significant change was that instead of belonging to the Air Force 
Department it now belonged to the Secretary of State," the former head 
of DS8, Ralph Noyes, explained to me:

It gave it a certain authority, and was one of Denis Healey's means of 
trying to get all information about all three services collated at the Central 
Staffs. The old S6, the old S4, had had the same uneasy division between 
them about these reports from the public that the new DS8 and the new 
S4 (Air) had, and that persisted. It was very frustrating to me, and the 
head of that other division. We would sometimes say to each other in the 
corridor: "We've got something here. Is it yours? Is it mine?" And if it 
looked very clearly like a low-flying complaint-something that suddenly 
frightened a lot of sheep in a valley in Wales, and was pretty clearly a 
Lightning [interceptor jet] or something-then it was for S4 to deal with, 
and I used to sigh with relief and let S4 get on with it, and find out from 
the unit if a Lightning had been outside the designated low-flying area.

But often enough stuff came to DS8 because S4-very often having 
received it at the main point of entry-said, "Nothing to do with us. This 
isn't low-flying. This wasn't an exercise. There's nothing here that we've 
got any responsibility to the public for. Over to you." So DS8 tended to 
get a lot of reports, quite often through S4, sometimes directly from the 
public.

The prime task of dealing with UFO reports and replying to the public, 
however, lay with S4 at that time, as Ralph Noyes has confirmed. "Does 
this mean," I asked him, "that you didn't necessarily see the best ma- 
terial?" "It certainly does," replied Noyes. "If by 'best' material you 
mean close encounters on the ground-I wouldn't." 


QUESTIONS IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, 1964-66 

In July 1964 Mr. A. Henderson, MP, asked the Secretary of State for 
Defense, Hugh Fraser: "To what extent is there cooperation between the 
Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force with a view to ascer- 
taining the facts relating to flying saucers or other unidentified flying 
objects; and what information is now available to his department on this 
matter?" Replied Mr. Fraser: "We are generally aware of the experience 
of the United States Air Force. Some 90 percent of the sightings inves- 
tigated by my Department have had a perfectly rational explanation. In 
the remaining 10 percent of cases, the information available was insuf- 
ficient to support an adequate inquiry. We have discovered no evidence 
for the existence of so-called flying saucers."8 Once again, the House 
of Commons was deliberately or inadvertently misinformed about the true 
nature of the ten percent of sightings.

On 19 July 1966 Sir John Langford-Holt, MP, asked Prime Minister 
Harold Wilson in the House of Commons whether, since the Defense 
Secretary was responsible only for the air defense implications associated 
with reports of unidentified flying objects, he would allocate to a de- 
partment the assessment of their wider implications. The Prime Minister 
replied that he would not. Sir John then added that an enormous number 
of reports were coming in to the government from people who were not 
all cranks. It would be proper, he said, for someone in the government 
to take a serious interest in them. The Prime Minister answered that they 
were taken seriously when there was adequate information. Many reports 
were of natural phenomena, and those that were not were balloons, and 
so on.9

In 1984 I wrote to former Prime Minister Harold Wilson (now Lord 
Wilson of Rievaulx) asking to what extent he was aware of secret studies 
being conducted on the subject in the UK and USA, citing certain doc- 
umentary evidence in my possession that I was prepared to send him if 
necessary. I received the following reply: "I am afraid I have no knowl- 
edge of the matters to which you refer, and I am sorry that I cannot 
therefore be of any help to you with regard to the queries you raise."10

I wrote a letter in similar vein to former Prime Minister Edward Heath 
in 1982, and received much the same sort of response. "As far as UFOs 
are concerned," he said, "I am afraid I cannot comment as I have no 
knowledge of the subject."11 A letter I sent to Prime Minister Margaret 
Thatcher in 1985 was referred to the Ministry of Defense, who replied 
in traditional vein. 


THE BRITISH WAVE OF SIGHTINGS, 1967 

This was one of the busiest years for sightings ever recorded in the United 
Kingdom, and the Ministry of Defense was inundated with reports. One 
of the more impressive cases took place at 11:30 a.m. on 28 April when 
eight coast guards at Brixham, Devon, reported a huge cone-shaped object 
hovering at about 15,000 feet. The coast guards observed the object 
through 25-power binoculars mounted on a tripod, and noticed that it 
appeared to be revolving. Coast Guard Brian Jenkins reported:

I could see that the thing was shaped like a cone with the sharp end pointing 
upward. It was white and shining brightly. It seemed as if it were made 
of glass or highly polished metal. Near the bottom there was a triangular- 
shaped opening or door with a white rim on the top that reflected a lot of 
sunlight. The bottom was crinkled, very white, and seemed to consist of 
strips of metal hanging down.

Jenkins phoned the RAF station at Mount Batten, Plymouth, who said 
they would contact the Ministry of Defense in London. He then returned 
to observe the object and make sketches on his notepad. The object drifted 
slowly in a northwest direction, rising to about 22,000 feet and about 
eight miles in distance. And then: "At 12:40 an aircraft with thick vapor 
trail approached object from NE, flew above it and passed it, then turned 
and dived and approached object from below, slowing down as it ap- 
proached until its vapor trail faded, and aircraft was lost from sight. A 
few minutes later the object was lost in cloud."12

The plane was at such a height that it was impossible to make out any 
insignia, but Jenkins assumed it was from the RAF since he had phoned 
them not long beforehand. He thought the plane could have been a Light- 
ning, and from the size of this compared to the object he estimated the 
cone's size to be 150 feet wide and 200 feet high.

Flight Lieutenant David Smith, senior RAF controller at Plymouth, 
confirmed that he had received the report from Jenkins and had sent it 
to the Ministry of Defense. Asked about the aircraft, Smith replied: "We 
would know about any aircraft in the area and don't know about one 
going up to see the cone. . . . There was no tracking of a UFO on our 
radar." A spokesman for the MoD suggested that the object may have 
been "something like the reflection of car headlights or some sort of 
meteorological phenomena. I don't know anything about the plane that 
flew near it. I can't comment further."

The Coast Guard Station Commander, Harry Johnson, was not im- 
pressed with these explanations. "It's silly to suggest that well-trained 
and experienced observers thought a reflection of car headlights was a 
UFO," he said. "Remember, this was about midday. Our head office 
told us not to discuss this but did not tell us why. I don't see the harm 
in it, and if there is any, our superior officers should have told us."13

Some months later investigator Ronald Caswell visited Brian Jenkins, 
who confirmed that the coast guards had been told not to comment further 
on the sighting. Jenkins had disagreed strongly with this policy. "As far 
as I am concerned," he said, "my job is with the coastline and sea.

Whatever I might see in the air is not necessarily coast guard business 
and doesn't come under its regulations."

Caswell also managed to trace Flight Lieutenant Smith to his home, 
and asked about a statement attributed to him by the Sunday Express of 
21 May 1967, which differed from the American report previously quoted. 
"We reported all details," he said. "I cannot tell you where the aircraft 
came from, and you will have a job to get anyone to admit that one was 
sent up. I understand the UFO was also tracked on radar." Smith then 
examined the Sunday Express article. "Ah, this is dated May 21st. I was 
on leave at that time." "Then who was the senior RAF controller at 
Plymouth who made this statement to the press?" asked Caswell. "I've 
no idea," replied Smith. "We've no idea who this senior controller could 
have been." Throughout the interview Ronald Caswell and his two col- 
leagues noticed that the flight lieutenant's hands were trembling.14

There was another case in 1967 when RAF jets were involved with 
UFOs, which was investigated by Robert Chapman, science correspon- 
dent of the Daily Express. On the afternoon of 27 October, thirteen-year- 
old Timothy Robinson and his family were startled by the roar of jet 
aircraft overhead. Timothy-a keen aircraft spotter-dashed to the back 
garden of his home in Winchester, Hampshire. "I saw [two] Lightnings 
go over at about four times the height of the house," he told Chapman.

Ahead of the aircraft he saw a black mushroom-shaped object streaking 
away in the sky. "It was. hanging tail down, not spinning, but going at 
a tremendous speed," said Timothy. "It was going west, then abruptly 
changed direction to northwest and disappeared into a cloud, climbing 
steeply. It looked as if the aircraft were banking to follow it but were 
outmaneuvered." The Ministry of Defense denied that they had any 
Lightnings over Winchester at the time, and were unable to explain the 
presence of any other type of aircraft.15

In response to my inquiry as to how many sightings had been reported 
to the Ministry of Defense by RAF pilots in 1967, I was informed that 
there was only one.16 Eventually the MoD revealed that the sighting was 
made by the pilot of an RAF Victor aircraft on 13 July, but were unwilling 
to provide me with further details.17 It is clear, at any rate, that it does 
not relate to the reports cited here. 


The Moigne Downs Incident, 1967 

One of the most remarkable sightings of the 1967 wave was that of J.B.W. 
(Angus) Brooks, a former RAF intelligence officer and British Airways 
flight administration officer. While walking his dogs on the morning of 
26 October and taking a brief respite from a Force 8 gale at Moigne 
Downs, near Ringstead Bay, Dorset, Angus Brooks noticed an object 
which descended at lightning speed and then decelerated abruptly, lev- 
eling out to a point about a quarter of a mile from his position at roughly 
200-300 feet altitude. In his own highly detailed report, Brooks describes 
the shape of the craft prior to leveling out: 
... a central circular chamber with a leading fuselage in the front and 
three separate fuselages together at the rear. On slowing to "hover" po- 
sition, the two outer fuselages at the rear moved to position at side of 
"craft*' to form four fuselages at equidistant position around center cham- 
ber. There were no visible power units and no noise of applied power for 
reverse thrust, movement of fuselages, or for "hovering." On attaining 
"hover" the "craft" rotated 90° clockwise and then remained motionless, 
unaffected by very strong wind.

The object remained motionless for the next twenty-two minutes while 
Brooks noted further details. The craft appeared to be constructed of a 
translucent material, and the central chamber was about 25 feet in diameter 
and the "fuselages" or appendages about 75 feet in length, making a 
total length of 175 feet. "At 11:47 a.m.," he wrote, "two of the fuselages 
moved around to line up with a center third fuselage and the 'craft' 
climbed with speed increasing" and then disappeared.18

The object was hovering equidistant between Winfreth Atomic Power 
Station, the Admiralty Underwater Weapons Establishment at Portland, 
and the US Air Force Communications Unit at Ringstead Bay. Neither 
the USAF nor the Atomic Energy Authority were able to confirm any 
unusual activity at the time in question. One of Angus Brooks' dogs, an 
Alsatian, seemed very distraught throughout the encounter, frantically 
pawing at him and refusing to obey orders to "sit," although she remained 
beside him. Brooks speculatively attributed this to VHF sounds emanating 
from the object which may have disturbed her, but on subsequent visits 
to the area she also exhibited signs of nervousness. The other dog, a 
Dalmatian, was unaffected by the object, and wandered off to hunt game.

Six weeks later the twelve-year-old Alsatian died of cystitis; a fact which 
may be quite coincidental. 

In February 1968 Angus Brooks was interviewed by a team from the 
Ministry of Defense, comprising Dr. John Dickison, a scientist from the 
Royal Aircraft Establishment at Farnborough, Alec Cassie, an RAF psy- 
chologist, and Leslie Akhurst from the MoD's S4 unit. In a lengthy letter 
to Mr. Brooks following their investigation, the team offered its opinion 
that what had really been seen was a "vitreous floater" or dead cell in 
the fluid of the eyeball, which assumed more dramatic proportions owing 
to the probability that Brooks "fell asleep or entered a near sleep state" 
and dreamed the rest.

While it is true that Brooks had undergone a corneal transplant some 
years prior to the Moigne Downs sighting, which might have engendered 
larger than normal floaters in the vitreous humor of the eyeball, he argued 
in his answering letter that "muscae volantes [vitreous floaters] move 
upward and downward and, as the craft entered the vision circle at 030 
deg., moved across descending to center of vision, hovered for twenty- 
two minutes, then exited vision circle at 320 deg., this hardly con- 
forms. . . ." Brooks was equally unimpressed with the MoD's dream 
theory, pointing out that the combination of a howling gale and his dog 
painfully clawing him was hardly conducive to "dropping off."19 It is 
difficult to accept that the Ministry actually believed in these fatuous 
theories, either. 


UFO Traces Covered Up by the Authorities 

In the small hours of 6 November 1967, on a section of the A338 (now 
B3347) road between Avon and Sopley, Hampshire, driver Karl Farlow 
found that the lights of his diesel truck had suddenly and unaccountably 
failed. As he pulled up he observed a glowing, fifteen-feet-wide egg- 
shaped UFO, which moved slowly across the road from the right, moved 
slowly to the left, then accelerated and disappeared. The object made a 
sound like a refrigerator and gave off a smell like a drill boring through 
wood.

Before the object disappeared a Jaguar car came from the opposite 
direction, and its lights and engine stalled. "Our vehicles were stationary 
25 to 30 yards from each other," Farlow reported. "The object was in 
between us. It glowed in the most beautiful green color I have ever seen.

It was like nothing on earth. ... I sat in the cab petrified. I don't want 
ever to experience anything like that again. This was no hallucination."

The engine of the truck was unaffected by the encounter, and remained 
ticking over (perhaps because it was a diesel). After the object had gone 
the driver of the Jaguar, a veterinary surgeon, suggested to Farlow that 
they phone the police from a nearby call box (also with its lights out).

The police arrived shortly afterward. "Mr. Farlow was very frightened," 
said Constable Roy Nineham who was in the patrol car. "The most 
startling part of his report is that his lights failed and came on again when 
the object he saw disappeared." The witnesses noticed that there were 
marks on the ground beside the road, and that the road surface appeared 
to have melted. The police took Farlow and the vet to Bournemouth 
police station, where they were interviewed separately until 4:30 a.m.

The vet's girl passenger was taken to hospital suffering from shock.

The following day both men were taken to Christchurch police station 
and were interviewed by a man from the Ministry of Defense. Later that 
day Farlow was driven back to the site by the police in order to collect 
his belongings from the truck, and noticed a group of people investigating 
the site with instruments, a bulldozer leveling the ground, and a man 
repainting the telephone booth. A week later Farlow observed that a 200- 
foot stretch of the road had been completely resurfaced, as if to cover 
all traces of evidence.20

As Hilary Evans, a leading authority, comments: "£400 of [electricall 
damage had been done to the truck: nothing is known about the damage 
to the Jaguar. This detailed case is rich in unanswered questions. Much 
of it suggests a military device of some kind, but if so the authorities 
have successfully kept it secret for a further sixteen years! Whether man- 
made or extraterrestrial, the Avon UFO was clearly capable of exerting 
some very remarkable physical effects."21 


QUESTIONS IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, 1967-68 

The wave of sightings over Britain in 1967 culminated in October when 
hundreds of reports were made, including the famous sighting of a "flying 
cross" which was chased by two policemen in Devon on 24 October and 
led to questions in the House of Commons on 8 November. Peter Mills, 
MP for Torrington, Devon, asked first about sightings in his own county, 
and received assurances from Merlyn Rees, Under-Secretary of State for 
Defense:

The objects . . . had been proved on investigation to be either aircraft or 
lights. Of the lights, the majority were the planet Venus, but the source 
of a few lights has not been positively identified. I can say, however, that 
none of these unidentified lights was an alien object. There are standing 
arrangements for RAF stations to report unusual objects and for the in- 
vestigation of such reports. I do not think that any further action is nec- 
essary.

Peter Mills pressed further questions, and asked Merlyn Rees if he 
could give assurance that the Ministry of Defense consulted scientists for 
advice about UFO sightings. Replied Rees: "I can give that assurance.

This is not just an air defense matter. We have access to scientists of 
high repute-they have been consulted on all these matters-and also to 
psychologists."22

Two weeks later, on 22 November, Major Patrick Wall, MP, asked 
the Secretary of State for Defense what exchange of information or other 
cooperation was taking place between his department and the official 
American and Russian investigations into the problem of UFOs. Rees 
answered: "We are in touch with the Americans on this subject but not 
with the Russians. I understand the conclusions which the Americans 
have reached coincide with ours."

While it is true that the British government was not in touch with the 
Russians on the subject at that time, only two weeks later the British 
Embassy in Moscow was directed by London "to further investigate the 
subject with a view to cooperating with the Russians in observation teams 
for UFOs,'" according to a Defense Intelligence Agency document re- 
leased in 1985 (see Chapter 10).

In early 1968 Edward Taylor, MP, asked the Secretary of State for 
Defense * 'how many reports of unidentified flying objects were received 
in 1967; how many of these reports were subsequently shown to have a 
natural explanation; and if he will make a statement." In a written reply 
on 22 January, Merlyn Rees stated:

The total number of reports received in 1967 reflects a wave of public 
interest in UFOs, reaching a peak toward the end of the year. The analysis 
of the reports published below shows that, as in previous years, the vast 
majority were found to have mundane explanations; the remainder of the 
reports contained insufficient information for conclusive investigation but 
nothing to suggest that they related to incidents materially different in kind 
from those that were explained.24

The MoD had supplied Rees with a list of statistics from 1 January 
1959 to 31 December 1967. Out of 362 reports for 1967 only 46 were 
categorized as "unexplained" owing to "insufficient information." This 
nonsense has been trotted out regularly in the House of Commons and 
has seldom been challenged. A glance at the reports I have cited will 
show that, far from lacking sufficient information, they are highly detailed 
and clearly anomalous, no matter what the definitive explanation may 
be. For the year 1963 only two reports out of a total of fifty-one reported 
to the MoD were listed in the unexplained/insufficient information cat- 
egory. Was there really insufficient information in the RAF Cosford, 
Brixham, Moigne Downs and Avon incidents, or was the Ministry baffled 
and alarmed by these reports, preferring to state that there was "nothing 
to suggest that they related to incidents materially different in kind from 
those that were explained?"

On 11 June 1968 Sir John Langford-Holt asked Prime Minister Harold 
Wilson "whether he is aware that under the present arrangements some 
reports of unidentified flying objects are made to the Ministry of Defense 
and police reports are made to the Board of Trade; and whether he will 
arrange that all such reports are made to one department." Replied the 
Prime Minister: "No, I am not so aware. Reports from any source, 
including any received by the Board of Trade, are passed on to the 
Ministry of Defense."25 The Prime Minister was correctly informed. All 
reports on UFOs made by the police are directed to be sent to the Ministry 
of Defense in the first instance, but it is likely that some reports are sent to other government departments from time to time.

In May 1968 a wing commander from RAF Fylingdales early warning* 
station stated that much time is wasted by the Royal Air Force in inves- 
tigating so called UFO reports, all of which have proved absolutely 
fruitless.26 Yet the Ministry of Defense-and the RAF in particular- 
has continued to take sighting reports seriously, and some of the questions 
they ask civilian witnesses indicate their awareness of certain patterns to 
the phenomenon. Among the standard questions on MoD report forms 
are queries about installations, power lines, and bodies of water in the 
vicinity of the sighting. (See Appendix, p. 458). 


MINISTRY OF DEFENSE COLLABORATION 

A number of UFO researchers have approached the Ministry of Defense 
directly with a view to establishing a degree of collaboration. On 29

September 1967 Antony Pace and Roger Stanway of the British UFO 
Research Association (BUFORA) visited the MoD main building in White- 
hall, London, and contacted the relevant office by internal telephone.

They were told at first that no useful purpose would be served by seeing 
anybody, as a Mr. W. F. Allen, who apparently devoted most of his time 
to the UFO problem, was away until the following Monday. After re- 
peated requests, however, the BUFORA researchers were granted an 
interview with Mr. Allen's colleague, Mr. Cassells of S4. It later tran- 
spired that Cassells was in fact the immediate superior of W. F. Allen.

Stanway and Pace related details of sightings that they had personally 
investigated in the Staffordshire area during the preceding two months, 
which subsequently formed the basis for their book on the subject.27

Cassells began by explaining the Ministry's position on the subject, as- 
suring the researchers that all UFO reports were treated seriously by the 
MoD, but that its interest was limited solely to aspects relating to defense; 
consequently there was no department, scientist or other person in the 
MoD exclusively devoted to the UFO question. He added that no person 
from the Ministry ever made on-the-spot inquiries or field investigations 
when UFOs were reported, owing to lack of manpower and financial 
resources.

Following publication of their book, which they had sent to Leslie 
Akhurst at S4, Stanway and Pace again visited Whitehall on 20 June 
1968, this time by appointment. The interview took place in an office on 
the sixth floor, and Mr. Akhurst was joined by Dr. John Dickison and 
Mr. Alec Cassie. (This group comprised the same team which had in- 
vestigated the Moigne Downs sighting in February. Evidently the MoD's 
manpower and financial resources had been extended in the interim.) 
Stanway and Pace asked if they could record the interview but permission 
was denied as the recorder might pick up certain sounds from other parts 
of the building which were of a classified nature, it was explained. The 
meeting lasted over an hour, and "all three gentlemen were without 
exception friendly, helpful and as frank as I think they could have possibly 
been under the circumstances." Roger Stanway was particularly struck 
by the fact that Alec Cassie was able to recall instantly the exact page 
number in the book at which a certain case report started.

Nothing particularly significant emerged from the meeting. The fol- 
lowing month Leslie Akhurst summed up the Ministry's attitude in a letter 
to Roger Stanway, which reiterated its standard policy, praised the two 
researchers for their book, but added:

So far we have found no evidence of air defense implications or of craft 
under extraterrestrial control. We have an open mind on the possibilities 
of new evidence and are interested to see results of serious studies such 
as yours. Your report has been examined carefully and although we have 
found much of interest, we are unable to find any new scientific evidence 
in it.

Instances of the Ministry of Defense requesting collaboration from 
civilian researchers are rare, but in 1972 the MoD approached Derek 
Mansell, Director of data research for Contact (UK)-one of the leading 
UFO organizations in Britain-asking if he would be prepared to send 
his best cases to S4 (Air) at Whitehall. Mansell readily agreed, and was 
provided with 500 printed envelopes to mail the reports, which were not 
to be more than a month old, he was advised. The men from the Ministry, 
Anthony Davies and Leslie Akhurst, suggested that Contact's report forms 
should be modified in order to keep them more in line with their own 
pro formas. Derek Mansell told me that an informal "investigation" of 
Contact was carried out by the two men. "We never hid anything," he 
said. "I told them all our sources, including the Russians and the police."

Mansell has continued to send his best cases to the MoD ever since that 
time. 


OFFICIAL PRESSURE 

There have been a number of cases where Ministry of Defense personnel 
are alleged to have warned witnesses and investigators not to publicize 
or pursue the matter, although the evidence is far from conclusive in the 
majority of cases that the MoD was actually responsible.

Following a UFO sighting that was reported in a local newspaper in 
the late summer of 1974, three of the four witnesses were visited one 
evening by "a man from the government" who asked them to sign a 
printed form agreeing not to discuss the incident with the national media. 
"The man just turned up at my house, showed his identification and asked 
to come in," the principal witness told me in 1986. "There were three 
of us that had the sighting, and my little girl. He was not interested in 
her-just myself, my ex-wife, and my friend, who sadly to say is dead."

The interviews lasted a total of about two hours:

We were interviewed at length separately. . . . We were shown different 
drawings of various types of UFOs; incidentally, they were printed-in 
fact all the paper work was printed and not typewritten ... the papers 
certainly had codes which didn't mean anything to either of us. . . .

We were then told we had seen a UFO, but should not tell or inform 
the [national] media. He then produced three documents and we each 
signed saying that we would not. He then put his papers into a black 
case. ... I would prefer if my name was left out of it, as I fear reprisal 
after signing the document.30 [Emphasis added] 

On 23 November 1986 I interviewed the witness in his hometown 
together with Mark Birdsall, the Yorkshire UFO Society Director of 
research, one of Britain's leading investigators. We are both satisfied that 
the witness is telling the truth.

What does the Ministry of Defense have to say about the incident? 
"That's absolute nonsense/' David Ross of the MoD's Secretariat AS2 
told me. "To whom else did he report the sighting? It certainly wouldn't 
come from the MoD. ... I mean, we do on occasion visit [witnesses] 
and ask if they can describe what they've seen. . . . On no account has 
anyone in the Ministry of Defense the authorization to say, 'Don't discuss 
it with anyone else.' "31 
"Is it possible," I asked Mr. Ross a few months later, "that there are 
other departments involved that you wouldn't be aware of?" "I would 
say categorically to that, no," he answered, "because this is the focal 
point within the United Kingdom for UFO reports so therefore it would 
have to come through this office. That's why we've always been able to 
say there is no such thing as a cover-up because everything comes through 
this office and we know everything that goes on." "Even if the security 
services were involved?" I suggested. "The security services wouldn't 
be involved," Mr. Ross replied. "There's no reason for them to be 
involved."32

Despite David Ross' genuinely expressed assurances I am unable to 
accept that the MoD Secretariat knows everything that goes on. I very 
much doubt that AS2-the successor to DS8-receives military sighting 
reports of any significance; Ralph Noyes certainly did not when he headed 
the unit. Nor would AS2 necessarily be aware of clandestine investiga- 
tions carried out by the police Special Branch (which liaises closely with 
MI5) or even the Defense Intelligence Staff: compartmentation of intel- 
ligence would take care of that. The now proven involvement of Amer- 
ica's Central Intelligence, National Security and Defense Intelligence 
agencies as well as other official bodies in UFO investigations (all of 
whom liaise with their British counterparts) leads me to suspect that covert 
inquiries are carried out in Britain, with few being aware of the fact. If 
I am mistaken, the only alternative is that people are using false Gov- 
ernment ID cards and documents to gain access to witnesses' homes, 
persuade them that they represent the government, and discourage further 
dissemination of their reports. This may well be true in some instances.

Joyce Bowles, who claims to have encountered (with another witness) 
a landed UFO and occupant near Winchester, Hampshire, on 14 Novem- 
ber 1976, was telephoned a week later by someone who told her that 
"the government" was annoyed by the amount of publicity the story had 
generated, that an official would be paying her a visit and that she should 
not discuss the matter with anyone. The anonymous caller rang back a 
little later and warned her that next time ''they might take her away and 
connect her up with wires." Mrs. Bowles said to the caller, in the presence 
of BUFORA investigator Frank Wood: "This is a free country and I shall 
talk to whom I please, and neither you nor the government will stop 
me.

Joyce Bowles recounted this incident on a BBC television documen- 
tary, "Out of This World," and came across as a sincere and genuinely 
puzzled witness. It is difficult to reconcile this story with any serious 
attempt by the government to stop her talking. Moreover, she was never 
actually visited by anyone from the Ministry of Defense, nor any other 
government department, although she did notice strange interference on 
her telephone for some while following the anonymous calls.

Ex-policewoman Maureen Hall related to me an occasion in October 
1978 when she was visited by a man from the MoD who politely advised 
her to drop an investigation she was carrying out for BUFORA at the 
time. The case involved the sighting of a hexagonal-shaped object over 
Chingford, Essex, on 20 September 1978. The man was middle-aged, 
wore glasses, and produced an ID card. He said that he lived in the 
Belvedere, southeast London area, but unfortunately Mrs. Hall, being 
new to UFO investigations at the time, misplaced the man's name and 
address.

Charles Bowen, ex-editor of Flying Saucer Review, once spoke to a 
senior captain of British Airways who informed him that UFO sightings 
by aircrews should only be reported to the Ministry of Defense, and that 
there should be no communication of information to the public or media.

The captain confided his own encounter with an unknown flying object 
and added that many of his colleagues had also had sightings. An RAF 
test pilot-who was a neighbor of Bowen's in the mid 1960s-volun- 
teered a similar revelation, admitting that his interest in the subject stemmed 
from his own experience.34

In 1981 I interviewed a man who claimed to have been working at 
Heathrow Air Traffic Control in September 1966 when a UFO was ob- 
served during the small hours. All personnel in the control tower saw the 
object hovering at low altitude above the airport, at a time when there 
were no aircraft movements. The UFO was tracked on radar and its speed 
at departure clocked at 3,000 mph. The Ministry of Defense was notified, 
and investigators allegedly arrived on the scene and told the witnesses 
that they had "seen nothing," threatening them with charges under the 
Official Secrets Act if they revealed the sighting publicly. In response to 
an inquiry to the MoD, I received the following statement: "As you are 
no doubt aware, the Official Secrets Act applies to the release of infor- 
mation obtained in the course of official duty. However, our records show 
no occasions on which the Official Secrets Act has been specifically 
applied to the handling of UFO reports." Secrecy also surrounded the 
sighting of an unidentified object by air traffic controllers at Gatwick 
Airport on 16 August 1978. "The controllers definitely saw something," 
an airport spokesman was quoted as saying, "but they have clammed up 
over exactly what it was."36 
1978 was one of the busiest years for sightings ever recorded in the 
UK, attributed by many to the film Close Encounters of the Third Kind, 
which was first shown in March. Whether this is true or not remains 
debatable, but certainly many witnesses must have felt encouraged to 
come forward, whereas hitherto they might have been inhibited by fear 
of ridicule. The Ministry of Defense received a total of 750 reports- 
more than twice as many as 1967-and hints of an official cover-up 
persisted. Questioned by a reporter about some sightings near Heathrow 
Airport in September, a spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority 
denied that any UFOs had been tracked on Heathrow radar, but added, 
"It's in the interest of national security that not too much fuss is made 
about this sort of thing.' 
Perhaps national security was involved in the report of a landed UFO 
seen by two fourteen-year-old girls at Meanwood, a suburb of Leeds, on 
22 February 1979. That evening, as the girls were tobogganing down the 
slopes that surround their housing estate, they were startled by an aerial 
object which made a loud whining sound as it began to descend. On 
landing, the noise changed to a hum which then faded as it rested on the 
snow. It was gray and egg-shaped, with two "fins" on either side, and 
its size was equivalent to a small car. Frightened, the girls made their 
way back up the slope and then ran, pausing near the top to take another 
look at the object. It rested on the ground for about three minutes, then, 
humming again, rose into the air and came in the girls' direction, landing 
once again on a steeper part of the slopes about eighty feet away. After 
a few minutes the object began to wobble and then took off.

The girls, Lynsey Tebbs and Susan Pearson, ran home and were im- 
mediately separated by the adults present and asked to draw the object.

Their sketches were practically identical. Leading investigators Graham 
and Mark Birdsall of the Yorkshire UFO Society visited the landing site 
three days later and found-in two places-strange indentations in the 
still settled snow which were apparently consistent with the witnesses' 
testimony. Soil samples revealed no signs of radiation.38

The same or similar UFO was seen in the early hours of the following 
morning by ambulance drivers Michael Duke and Leslie Evans at the 
South Kirkby ambulance station near Hemsworth, twenty miles from 
Mean wood.39

Shortly after the story appeared in the press two days later40 the girls 
were visited by "an official from the government" who interviewed them 
separately in private for twenty minutes and investigated the landing site.

The man produced an identity card, Lynsey's father told me, but he 
cannot recall the name or any details on it. "After he'd finished speaking 
10 them he turned round to me and said, 'Well, do you believe it?'And 
I said, 'I don't know-I'm a bit skeptical.' And he said, 7 can assure 
you that they have seen something, that is definite, because the questions 
I asked them they would not be able to answer unless it happened.' He 
wouldn't tell us what he asked them, and the girls couldn't remember 
when they came out-they were only young at the time," Mr. Tebbs 
told me in 1986. "My wife and I were not allowed in the room while 
the interview took place."

The official, who said that he was from a government department that 
"kept a record of everything" on the subject, advised the girls not to 
discuss the incident further.41 


THE HOUSE OF LORDS DEBATE, 1979 

On 18 January 1979 a historic debate on UFOs took place in the House 
of Lords, the first time in its 700-year history that this controversial subject 
had been considered there. The debate had been instigated by the Earl 
of Clancarty (the author Brinsley Le Poer Trench). Of the many peers 
who supported his charge of a government cover-up, the Earl of Kim- 
berley, former Liberal spokesman on aerospace, was one of the most 
vociferous:

I think the general public should be encouraged to come forward with 
evidence. Many do not, for fear of being ridiculed. Let them be open; let 
them be honest; let them badger their Member of Parliament and the 
government to be open with them and to cease what I am convinced is a 
cover-up here. The people of Britain have a right to know all that the 
governments, not only of this country but others throughout the world, 
know about UFOs. 

Also supporting the charge was Lord Rankeillour, who stressed that 
each year there were many sightings of UFOs, and that the effect on the 
witnesses was always one of concern; yet this very point was ignored 
and ridiculed by most governments around the world. As far as the United 
Kingdom was concerned, he added: 
. . . those who report seeing UFOs are taken to be misinformed, misguided 
and rather below par in intelligence. If this is so, why has some of my 
information on this subject been given to me by the Ministry of Tech- 
nology? Why should this Ministry waste its time gathering false infor- 
mation? Of course, it is not false information: it is data reported by civil 
and Air Force pilots, policemen, sailors and members of the general public 
who have all had personal experience which has intrigued and/or frightened 
them. . . .

I suspect that the British government do have a Department studying 
UFO sightings, for why else should they bother to publicly debunk reported 
ones if they are of no interest to them? Quite apart from the fact that the 
government have not admitted to the existence of UFOs, these machines 
are potentially dangerous. . . .

Lord Rankeillour's statement that he received some of his information 
on the subject from the Ministry of Technology is indeed interesting, and 
his suspicion that the government has a special department studying the 
phenomenon (apart from a publicly acknowledged secretariat in White- 
hall) is not without foundation, as is discussed later in the book. For too 
many years Members of Parliament and the public have been led to believe 
that only a small office handles UFO reports, and that this office is merely 
located in a department which among other duties handles low-flying 
complaints, thus conveying the impression that the Ministry attaches a 
very low priority to the problem.

Lord Strabolgi, representing Her Majesty's Government, insisted at 
the conclusion of the debate that there had been nothing to convince the 
government that any UFO reports showed evidence of visits by alien 
spacecraft, and went on: "It has been suggested in this debate that our 
government are involved in an alleged conspiracy of silence. I can assure 
your Lordships that the government are not engaged in any such con- 
spiracy. . . . There is nothing to have a conspiracy of silence about."42

Was Lord Strabolgi covering up for the government, or was he expressing 
his own personal opinions? It is my contention that he was not given all 
the facts by those who briefed him in the Ministry of Defense, and that 
what information he was given tended to support his own convictions, 
thus his endorsement of the official line was coincidental.

Although the Earl of Clancarty's motion was defeated, enormous in- 
terest in the debate was shown by both peers and members of the public, 
and all copies of the relevant Hansard were sold out. The House of Lords 
All-Party UFO Study Group was formed by the Earl of Clancarty shortly 
afterward, comprising about thirty peers, and its first meeting was held 
in June 1979. Guest speakers at its monthly meetings since then have 
included prominent ufologists from all over the world, and I had the 
honor of addressing the group on 24 June 1980. Sadly, it no longer 
functions, due in part to the unfortunate ill-health of its founder and also, 
I suspect, to the general apathy that has afflicted UFO research in the 
absence of a significant wave of sightings since 1983. But Admiral of 
the Fleet, Lord Hill-Norton, a former Chief of the Defense Staff, has 
been steadfastly pressurizing the government into admitting that there has 
indeed been a cover-up, as we shall learn. 


=========================================================================
4. DECEMBER 1980

UFO OVER SOUTH-EAST LONDON 

Walking back to my flat in southeast London on 15 December 1980, my 
attention was drawn to a bright star-like object in the cloudless sky, which 
appeared to be motionless at an elevation of about 65° to 75°. The time, 
I noted, was 4:07 p.m. Realizing that it was in the wrong position for 
Venus, I considered the possibility that it might have been a balloon or 
an aircraft reflecting the last rays of the Sun, but naturally wondered if 
it could have been a UFO. I dashed the remaining distance back home, 
where I intended observing the object through my refractor telescope and 
taking photographs and movie film if necessary. I opened all the windows 
and scanned the sky, but there was no sign of anything apart from a few 
distant airliners. The time was now about 4:15 p.m.

The following day I received a phone call from Russell Bowie, a 
Kentish Times reporter, asking if I had had any reports of an unusual 
object the previous day. I told him I had not, but volunteered my own 
brief sighting. Mr. Bowie then told me that about forty witnesses at the 
Orpington Hospital redevelopment site had watched a UFO for one and 
a quarter hours which alternately hovered, moved slowly, shot across the 
sky, then finally ''divided" and disappeared vertically-at 4:15 p.m.

I contacted Peter McSherry, Clerk of Works for Lovell (Southern) 
Ltd., who was a principal witness, and asked for further details. The 
object was first seen at 3:00 p.m. directly above the site, he told me, and 
was apparently motionless. Shortly afterward an aircraft was seen passing 
below the object, and the UFO proceeded to move across the sky and 
stop. After a while a puff of vapor emitted from the object, which then 
began to move slowly across toward the east, where it again remained 
stationary. Mr. McSherry fetched his 20X binoculars and was then able 
to see that the object was of an elongated triangular shape, with a reddish- 
orange nose, silvery body, and diamond-blue rear section, with its ' 'nose" 
pointing southeast. He estimated the object's altitude to be 50,000 feet, 
which can only be very approximate since its size was not known.

The UFO then turned over on its axis and pointed the nose toward the 
west. Another puff of vapor appeared and in seconds it had traversed the 
sky and returned to its original position directly above the site. At 3:20 
p.m. it turned over on its axis again and moved slowly across the sky.

By this time at least forty people, including hospital engineers as well 
as workmen from Lovell's, were observing the object, which remained 
stationary in the west.

At 3:35 p.m. it turned on its axis yet again and shot off toward the 
moon at fantastic speed. Eventually it returned to the east where it re- 
mained until 4:00 p.m., at which time it turned on its axis and, emitting 
a puff of vapor from its "tail" section, accelerated at "thousands of 
miles per hour" and returned to its original position above the site. At 
4:15 p.m. the nose was pointing toward the west, but it then turned 
upward and seemed to divide into two distinct objects which took off 
vertically, leaving two vapor trails for a moment before disappearing.


VIDEO FILM TAKEN 

On 17 December a short extract from a thirty-minute video film taken of 
the UFO was shown on Thames Television News. The film had been 
taken in the presence of witnesses at Seal Chart, near Sevenoaks, Kent, 
and although it shows only a point of light in a cloudless sky, it never- 
theless corroborated the sighting. I visited the family who had taken the 
film, and they kindly provided me with a copy. Although the object is 
indistinct, the recorded comments of the witnesses as they describe its 
maneuvers are invaluable. The Sony video camera they used was only 
4X power at full zoom, so no shape can be made out. The family told 
me that the object appeared to divide into approximately three sections 
shortly after they set up the camera at about 3:00 p.m., disappeared 
vertically, then presumably regrouped and reappeared as a single object 
soon afterward.

A few minutes before departure the object split up into at least three 
sections (Peter McSherry reported only two) which moved around each 
other, disappeared again, regrouped, then divided and disappeared ver- 
tically. This does not, unfortunately, show on the video film, and although 
there are discrepancies between the two accounts, there are enough con- 
sistencies to conclude that highly unusual flying objects were performing 
maneuvers in a large area of sky on the afternoon of 15 December 1980.

Surely such objects must have been tracked on radar, or reported by 
aircraft flying in the zone?

The Sevenoaks witnesses phoned Biggin Hill Airport while they were 
filming the object, but they were uninterested. Peter McSherry contacted 
the Meteorological Office in London and was informed that no balloons 
were in the area at the time. It was not possible to disclose whether or 
not an object had been tracked on radar, he was told. A few days after 
the sighting I visited the London Weather Center, who told me that they 
had received no unusual reports. I also wrote to the Civil Aviation Au- 
thority at Heathrow Airport, and was informed that they checked the log 
entries for the period in question and were unable to find any mention 
of unusual sightings reported from any source.1

Air traffic controllers have instructions to telephone immediately details 
of UFO reports they receive to the Aeronautical Information Service 
(Military), based at the London Air Traffic Control Center, West Drayton, 
Middlesex. A written report, based on Ministry of Defense questions, is 
then sent by the originating air traffic service unit to the Air Force Op- 
erations Room at the MoD Main Building in Whitehall (see Appendix, 
p. 458). Although I have been unable to confirm that the MoD received 
a report on the 15 December sighting (other than the one I sent them), 
there is evidence that they were very interested in learning more about 
the incident. 



MoD Cons 

In late January 1981 Peter McSherry called me to say that a man had 
phoned him at work claiming to be from the Ministry of Defense at Fort 
Halstead, near Sevenoaks (the Royal Armament Research and Devel- 
opment Establishment), and wanting to interview him in connection with 
the sighting. The evening of 30 January was arranged, and Mr. McSherry 
asked if I would like to come along. We waited all evening but no one 
showed up, nor did anyone from the MoD contact Mr. McSherry at a 
later date.

A few days later I had a private meeting with my MP, Sir Philip 
Goodhart, who was Army Minister at the time, and related details of the 
December sighting as well as Mr. McSherry's phone call from the MoD.

Sir Philip and I had corresponded occasionally over a lengthy period 
about the subject in general, and although he had never been able to find 
evidence that UFOs were treated seriously by the government, he liked 
to be kept informed about sightings in his own constituency. He showed 
considerable interest in the sighting and was puzzled by the failure of the 
MoD to turn up at Mr. McSherry's house.

In February I wrote to the MoD, giving complete details of the De- 
cember sighting, and asked if they could throw any light on Mr. Mc- 
Sherry's phone call from the Royal Armament Research and Development 
Establishment. A copy of my letter was sent to Sir Philip Goodhart. Two 
months later I received the following reply: 
... I have been unable to establish the identity of the man you refer to 
in your letter and can only conclude that this was a hoax of some kind 
because the MoD is not in the habit of sending investigators to interview 
people about UFOs. . . .

As far as your enclosed report is concerned, whilst it is not normally 
Ministry of Defense policy to comment on the identity of UFOs, the 
diagram and description of the object are indicative of the temperature 
gradient associated with a meteorite or similar body entering the earth's 
atmosphere.2

In a follow-up letter I pointed out that a meteorite or similar body 
entering the earth's atmosphere is always a fast-moving object. The object 
I had seen for a few minutes was stationary, and other witnesses reported 
that it remained so for periods before moving to another part of the sky.

The shape was not consistent with a meteorite, nor was the movement 
of the object about its axis. The Ministry sensibly refrained from com- 
menting on these glaring inconsistencies in their reply two months later.

As far as I am concerned the sightings of 15 December 1980 remain 
unexplainable in terms of balloons, meteorites, satellites, rockets, flares, 
or even remotely piloted vehicles (RPVs). Both the Civil Aviation Au- 
thority and the MoD claim that there were no unusual sightings reported 
from any source, so we are asked to believe that while UFOs were 
maneuvering over southeast London for one and a quarter hours not a 
single report was made by civilian or military pilots flying in the area.

The objects should have been tracked on radar, unless they were able to 
screen themselves; not an impossible feat in view of the advanced stage 
of "Stealth" technology in the United States (and probably Britain) where 
aircraft such as the top secret F-19 Stealth fighter-which has been flying 
since the late 1970s-are able to reflect a very low radar profile.3 


RAF/USAF WOODBRIDGE 

Only two weeks after the London sighting one of the most sensational 
UFO events ever reported by military personnel is alleged to have occurred 
in Rendlesham Forest, just outside the perimeter of RAF/USAF Wood- 
bridge, near Ipswich, Suffolk. Leaving aside later inconsistencies, the 
most impressive evidence has been provided by Lieutenant Colonel (now 
Colonel) Charles Halt, US Air Force Deputy Base Commander at Wood- 
bridge at the time. His official report (see Appendix, p. 456) was sent 
to the Ministry of Defense on 13 January 1981: 


Subject: Unexplained Lights 
To: RAF/CC 

1. Early in the morning of 27 Dec 80 (approximately 0300L), two USAF 
security police patrolmen saw unusual lights outside the back gate at RAF 
Woodbridge. Thinking an aircraft might have crashed or been forced down, 
they called for permission to go outside the gate to investigate. The on 
duty flight chief responded and allowed three patrolmen to proceed on- 
foot. The individuals reported seeing a strange glowing object in the forest.

The object was described as being metallic in appearance and triangular 
in shape, approximately two to three meters across the base and approx- 
imately two meters high. It illuminated the entire forest with a white light.

The object itself had a pulsing red light on top and a bank(s) of blue lights 
underneath. The object was hovering or on legs. As the patrolmen ap- 
proached the object, it maneuvered through the trees and disappeared. At 
this time the animals on a nearby farm went into a frenzy. The object was 
briefly sighted approximately an hour later near the back gate. 
2. The next day, three depressions 1 1/2" deep and 7" in diameter were found 
where the object had been sighted on the ground. The following night (29

Dec 80) the area was checked for radiation. Beta/Gamma readings of 0.1 
milliroentgens were recorded with peak readings in the three depressions 
and near the center of the triangle formed by the depressions. A nearby 
tree had moderate (.05-.07) readings on the side of the tree toward the 
depressions. 
3. Later in the night a red sun-like light was seen through the trees. It 
moved about and pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw off glowing 
particles and then broke into five separate white objects and then disap- 
peared. Immediately thereafter, three star-like objects were noticed in the 
sky, two objects to the north and one to the south, all of which were about 
10° off the horizon. The objects moved rapidly in sharp angular movements 
and displayed red, green and blue lights. The objects to the north appeared 
to be elliptical through an 8-12 power lens. They then turned to full circles.

The objects to the north remained in the sky for an hour or more. The 
object to the south was visible for two or three hours and beamed down 
a stream of light from time to time. Numerous individuals, including the 
undersigned, witnessed the activities in paragraphs 2 and 3.

The document was released to Robert Todd of the Citizens Against 
UFO Secrecy (CAUS) group in the United States, under provisions of 
the Freedom of Information Act. According to the letter of release (June 
1983). "*. . . the Air Force file copy has been properly disposed of in 
accordance with Air Force regulations. Fortunately, through diligent in- 
quiry and the gracious consent of Her Majesty's Government, the British 
Ministry of Defense and the Royal Air Force, the US Air Force has 
provided a copy for you."4 

Squadron Leader Donald Moreland, British Commander at the ad- 
joining RAF/US AF base at Bentwaters, had been responsible for securing 
the document from Colonel Halt, and sent it to the Ministry of Defense.

Yet in February 1981 Dot Street and Brenda Butler (co-authors with 
Jenny Randies of Sky Crash, a book which deals with the case) were told 
during a private meeting with Moreland that he knew nothing about the 
alleged incident,5 and the MoD refused to be drawn until two years later, 
when Mrs. Titchmarsh of DS8 wrote to Jenny Randies: "... turning 
now to your interest in the sighting at RAF Woodbridge in December 
1980. I can now confirm that USAF personnel did see unusual lights 
outside the boundary fence early in the morning of 27 December 1980; 
no explanation for the occurrence was ever forthcoming."6

Curiously, every copy of this letter, made for investigators and jour- 
nalists, vanished, Jenny reports,7 including the original which in October 
1983 she had left with Thames Television's "TV Eye" team for pho- 
tocopying, witnessed by Detective Inspector Norman Collinson, a col- 
league of Jenny's. When Jenny tried to recover the letter, with Collinson's 
help, Thames Television insisted they did not have it, nor had they 
photocopied it. They agreed to send a courier to the MoD to collect a 
file copy.

Colonel Halt's report, it should be noted, mentions a good deal more 
than "unexplained lights" being seen outside the base, so Jenny sub- 
sequently wrote several more letters to the MoD requesting further in- 
formation about the case, but these were never answered. Neither could 
Martin Bailey of the Observer elicit any more details from the MoD. He 
was told that they had not received permission to release their files on 
the case.

Squadron Leader Moreland eventually admitted that there had been a 
"minor incident" outside the Woodbridge base, but this only involved 
"a few lights flipping among the trees."8 He was more forthcoming in 
an interview with journalist Keith Beabey in September 1983: "I put the 
events the colonel related to me down to an inexplicable phenomenon.

Whatever it was, it was able to perform feats in the air which no known 
aircraft is capable of doing."9 These feats included the ability of the 
object to split into five sections, as witnessed by Colonel Halt on 29

December. It is worth recalling that the UFO seen over London also 
divided into at least three separate parts on occasions.

News of the Woodbridge incident first leaked out in January 1981 
when Brenda Butler was approached by a US Air Force security officer 
who had proven to be a reliable source of information in the past. Given 
the pseudonym of "Steve Roberts" by the authors of Sky Crash, he 
confided that a UFO had crash-landed in Rendlesham Forest on the 
night of 27 December, and that he had himself witnessed its three small 
silver suited occupants carrying out repairs while suspended in a shaft 
of light. The craft had remained on the ground for several hours, he 
claimed, during which time General Gordon Williams, overall Base 
Commander at the time, had communicated with the "aliens!" Many 
military personnel were present, and films and photos were taken which 
were immediately confiscated by senior officers when the craft had taken 
off.10

The story seems preposterous, and yet a few weeks later another in- 
vestigator, Paul Begg, was told quite independently by a radar operator 
at RAF Watton in Norfolk that an "uncorrected target" was picked up 
on their radar sets on the night of 27 December, but had been lost about 
fifty miles south-in the vicinity of Rendlesham Forest. The Air Defense 
Radar Center at West Drayton, Middlesex, was advised of the incident 
and it was learned that the object had been tracked elsewhere, including 
RAF/USAF Bentwaters, which adjoins the Woodbridge base. A few days 
later USAF intelligence officers (probably from the Air Force Office of 
Special Investigations) turned up at Watton and told the radar men that 
it was possible they had tracked an unknown structured object that had 
crash-landed in a forest near Ipswich. Military personnel who went to 
investigate found the engine and lights of their jeep failing as they ap- 
proached the landing site, and had to proceed on foot. They allegedly 
encountered an unidentified object on the ground, and General Williams 
was said to have communicated with its occupants.11

Regardless of whether the latter part of the story is a fabrication, this 
was the reason given by the USAF intelligence officers for confiscating 
RAF Watton's radar tapes! The claim of aliens being present has been 
refuted by General Williams, but he does confirm that the details in 
Colonel Halt's memorandum are essentially correct. If this is so, then 
something must have landed at Woodbridge in the small hours of 27
December. 


James Archer's Story 

Both Brenda Butler and Dot Street later spoke with another security officer 
who claimed to have been present on the night of the landing, and although 
his account differs drastically from that of Steve Roberts it corroborates 
some of Halt's report. The informant, given the pseudonym of "James 
Archer," claims that at about 2:00 a.m. guards at the Woodbridge gate 
had seen lights apparently descending out of sight into Rendlesham Forest.

The guards radioed for permission to investigate but were told to wait 
until relief guards could be sent to replace them. Thus Archer and another 
security officer, Airman John Burroughs (real name), were ordered to 
drive out to the area in a jeep, leaving their guns behind. Since the lane 
from the gate was full of ruts and potholes, the two men were obliged 
to proceed on foot. After a short while their radios suddenly went dead.

Then they came across the object.

Archer described it as triangular in shape, with three landing legs. It 
was about ten to twelve feet in diameter and eight feet high, with a blue 
light on top, red lights and a white light in the middle, and a brighter 
white light emanating from the underside. With the exception of the 
configuration of lights, and the number of security policemen involved, 
Archer's description conforms in some respects with Halt's report. This 
is important, because Archer's story was given to Brenda and Dot in 
October 1981: Halt's memorandum was not released until June 1983.

Archer was emphatic that no alien occupants were involved, although 
he was sure that something was inside the object. "I don't know what," 
he told the girls, "but the shapes did not look human. Maybe they were 
like robots." The two men followed the object as it maneuvered sound- 
lessly around the forest, and at one stage got to within a few feet of it.

They followed the craft as it moved into a small field, where it caused 
panic among the cows. Finally, the object emitted an intense burst of 
white light, rose to about 200 feet, then shot off at high speed.12

Sergeant Warren's Story 
Yet another USAF security officer later came forward with a story of 
having witnessed the landed UFO. Given the pseudonym "Art Wallace" 
in Sky Crash, he was subsequently revealed as Sergeant Larry Warren, 
who was stationed at Bentwaters at the time. Although initially expressing 
fears for his life, Warren began to give interviews to the media, including 
BBC TV, Nippon TV, and Cable News Network of Washington, DC.

Larry Warren's story differs in many respects from that of Archer, Rob- 
erts, and Halt, but since we do not as yet know what precisely did occur 
in Rendlesham Forest between 27 and 30 December we cannot dismiss 
his account out of hand. Colonel Halt's document, although written as 
an official memorandum to the Ministry of Defense, may not be definitive, 
but it seems sensible to regard it for the moment as being essentially 
true, if lacking in certain crucial details.

Warren claims that the date of the actual landing was the 30th, not 
the 27th December. He says that the jeep in which he and other security 
officers were riding in en route to the landing site kept failing. But the 
greatest discrepancies lie in his description of the landed craft and the 
events that subsequently unfolded. On arrival at a clearing in the forest 
he encountered other groups of military personnel, including RAF offi- 
cers, and he could hear helicopters overhead. A movie camera was point- 
ing toward something which looked like a "transparent aspirin tablet" 
hovering just above the ground, about fifty feet in diameter, surrounded 
by security officers. A bright red light approached from behind the trees, 
descended silently over the "aspirin" and then exploded in a multiple- 
colored burst of light. Both the "aspirin" and light vanished, leaving in 
their place a large domed disk with intricate patterns on its surface. Warren 
and a couple of colleagues approached it, but the next thing he recalls is 
being back in bed at the Bentwaters base.

Together with other witnesses he was ordered to see the Base Com- 
mander, who told them all that they must not discuss what had happened 
as it had a "high security level." Warren also claims that his clothes 
were checked for radioactivity. He learned from other witnesses that those 
who had been on the far side of the object (i.e. opposite his position) 
had seen small alien beings. He was also told that false trails had been 
laid in the forest and that stories of alien contact were invented in order 
to discredit the entire story.

Warren, nineteen years old at the time, later told his family about 
the incident, as a result of which, he claims, he was given an honorable 
discharge from the Air Force. In view of the fact that he had broken 
the "high security level," I find this hard to believe. Although the 
authors of Sky Crash contend that the basic details of his story have 
been consistent,13 Warren seems to have elaborated on occasions, and 
Jenny and Dot have told me that they are far from satisfied with his 
version of events. 


Sergeant Bustinza's Story 

Since publication of the first edition of Sky Crash, further witnesses have 
come forward, the most important of whom is undoubtedly Sergeant 
Adrian Bustinza, the Security Police Acting Commander at Woodbridge.

He related his version of events to the investigators Ray Boeche and Scott 
Colborn on 15 April 1984, and Ray has kindly provided me with a copy 
of the interview.

Ray began by reading Colonel Halt's memorandum to Bustinza, asking 
him if it was accurate: "That's about right, because I remember the 
animals very clearly, because I bumped into the animals myself. . . .

For a while there we sort of tried to forget everything, and joked around 
about the animals . . . but I was kind of glad I bumped into the animals!"

When asked whether he had been picked up in a truck and later met 
a convoy, as claimed by Larry Warren, Bustinza denied it, but his valuable 
testimony provides some corroboration for Warren's story:

We were in the alert area, and I was on my way over to RAF Woodbridge 
base [at around] midnight [date not specified]. While we were over there 
one of my patrols sighted an object of some sort-he didn't describe it, 
he just said it was like a fire in the forest area. I notified my acting 
commander, which was Lieutenant Englund, and he went ahead and called 
the commander that night, which was Colonel Halt, and he told Lieutenant 
Englund to check out the situation. We proceeded to check out the situation; 
myself and Lt. Englund and Sergeant Ball.

What I remember clearly was that when we got there [Col. Halt] pointed 
to the individuals he wanted to go with him. So we went back to Bentwaters 
base, grabbed two light-alls and had a patrol refuel them, and once we 
refueled them we took them out there to see if we could light up the area 
to see if there was anything out there. In the process of trying to check 
the light-alls, everything was malfunctioning. When we got to Point A- 
the sighting of the object-we had trouble turning the light-alls on. Our 
truck wouldn't run, either. It was kind of like all the energy had been 
drained out of both light-all units. . . .

We started to search. . . . One individual had said he had spotted the 
object-like sitting on the ground. We proceeded to look and in the process 
found kind of like triangular tripods . . . burned into the [ground] at three 
different standpoints. . . . They were like it was a heavy object. They took 
radiation readings of the holes, and they got a radiation reading as I recall.

Then I recall we were walking through the woods and we came upon the 
lights again. And that's when I first saw the object. . . .

We got-I think it was the flight chief [Sergeant Ball], and I believe 
another individual officer. We kept searching the area, kind of like trying 
to follow the object. And it was moving through the trees. And in the 
process we came upon a yellow mist, about two or three feet off the 
ground. It was like dew but it was yellow . . . like nothing I've ever seen 
before. . . . We kind of, like, ignored it. We were worried about the 
[other] object ... to see if we could locate it again, or catch up to it 
again. . . .

We did see the object again. It was hovering low, like moving up and 
down anywhere from 10 to 20 feet, back up, back down, back up. There 
was a red light on top and there were several blue lights on the bottom, 
but there was also like [a prism] . . . rainbow lights on top [and] several 
other colors of light. ... It was a tremendous size. It even surprised me 
that it was able to fit into the clearing-a tremendous size, and I use the 
word tremendous carefully. It was a round, circular shape; I hate to say 
like a plate, but it was thicker at the center than it was at the edge.

Bustinza and the other witnesses were ordered to form a perimeter 
around the object at about fifteen-foot intervals. After observing the object 
for about thirty minutes, Bustinza says it took off suddenly. "It was gone 
in a flash," he said, "almost like it just disappeared. When it left, we 
were hit by a cold blast of wind which blew toward us for 5 or 10 
seconds. ... It was a really scary feeling. ... I was just frozen in place 
at first: my life actually passed in front of my eyes.*' 
Bustinza neither denies nor confirms the alleged presence of alien 
beings. But he does confirm that at some stage Gordon Williams, Base 
Commander, arrived at the site. He also claims that photographs and film 
were taken by both American and British personnel:

There was two bobbies there. . . . Colonel Halt approached myself and 
Larry [Warren]. . . . Was it Larry? I'm trying to remember-I'm not too 
sure of the other guy's name. [Halt] told us to approach the individuals, 
who at that time were standing in the grass area . . . they had some very 
sophisticated camera equipment, which wasn't unusual for the British. . . . 
[Halt] told us to confiscate the material from the British nationals. Well, 
we confiscated the film and we turned it over to Colonel Halt and [he] put 
it into a plastic bag and Colonel Halt said it would be dealt with at a higher 
level of command. He didn't say exactly at what level or anything. I would 
assume it went to the photography department on base at the time. It could 
easily have been the intelligence department as well.

Bustinza claims that two American law-enforcement officers had also 
taken photographs, but he cannot recall their names. In support of this 
claim, Ray Boeche was told by a highly placed USAF records manage- 
ment official at the Pentagon in March 1985 that photos were taken "and 
that some of them, but not all, were fogged. However, our records here 
do not show the existence of any photographs at all." In addition, Colonel 
Halt has confirmed to Ray Boeche that a movie film was taken which 
was immediately flown to the USAF European Headquarters at Ramstein 
AFB, West Germany. 


Official and Unofficial Denials 

The Woodbridge or Rendlesham Forest story was first briefly publicized 
in Flying Saucer Review in 198114 and an expanded account appeared in 
the same journal the following year,15 but negligible interest was shown 
by the media. Then in October 1983, following release of the Halt mem- 
orandum, the story made headline news in an article by Keith Beabey in 
the News of the World.16 Partly because the story appeared in a newspaper 
with a reputation for publishing sensational (and salacious) items, the 
more serious papers, such as The Times, lost no time in debunking it.

Adrian Berry, science correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, commented: 
"All that had happened was that a United States Air Force colonel at 
RAF Woodbridge had seen an unexplained light in the surrounding woods.

That was all. The newspaper ran its ridiculous story, and two days later 
a ranger from the Forestry Commission showed how the strange light 
could only have been the rotating beam of the Orford Ness Lighthouse 
five miles away."17 Adrian Berry had evidently decided that the story 
should be debunked at all costs, ignoring practically every statement 
contained in Halt's memorandum, in particular the description of a landed, 
metallic, triangular-shaped object. My letter to Berry pointing out this 
disgraceful misrepresentation went unacknowledged.

On 24 October 1983 Major Sir Patrick Wall, MP, addressed some 
questions on the incident to Defense Minister John Stanley in the House 
of Commons, asking "if he has seen the United States Air Force memo 
dated 13 January 1981 concerning unexplained lights near RAF Wood- 
bridge" and "whether in view of the fact that the [memo] on the incident 
. . . has been released under the Freedom of Information Act, he will 
now release reports and documents concerning similar unexplained in- 
cidents in the United Kingdom," and finally, "how many unexplained 
sightings or radar intercepts have taken place since 1980." Replied the 
Defense Minister:

I have seen the memorandum of 13 January 1981 to which my honorable 
friend refers. Since 1980 the Department has received 1400 reports of 
sightings of flying objects which the observers have been unable to identify.

There were no corresponding radar contacts. Subject to normal security 
restraints, I am ready to give information about any such reported sightings 
that are found to be a matter of concern from a defense standpoint, but 
there have been none to date.

The Woodbridge case is thus dismissed in one sentence. It is regrettable 
that Sir Patrick failed to press further questions, but MPs are understand- 
ably loath to become too involved in such a controversial and ridicule- 
prone subject, especially without a mandate from the electorate. Only 
about one hundred people have ever written to their MP about UFOs.

The subject is of little or no relevance to the vast majority of citizens, 
and until such time as those who are interested or have had sightings start 
lobbying their MPs, little progress will be made. And the UFO movement, 
lacking as it does any effectively coordinated lobby in Britain, has not 
helped matters.

Ralph Noyes, former head of Defense Secretariat 8, wrote in November 
1983 to the then head of DS8, Brian Webster, requesting further infor- 
mation about the case. Nearly four months later, following several re- 
minders, he received a reply that stated in part:

The Department satisfied itself at the time that there was no reason to 
consider that the alleged sighting had any defense significance. That is not 
to say, however, that Colonel Halt and the other personnel mentioned in 
the report were, as you suggest, suffering from hallucinations. . . . What 
the true explanation is, I do not know. ... I can assure you, however, 
that there is no evidence of anything having intruded into British airspace 
and "landing" near RAF Woodbridge.19

So what was Colonel Halt referring to when he wrote about an ap- 
parently landed, metallic, unidentified flying object, which had evidently 
intruded into British airspace? The Ministry simply avoid answering this 
question directly. In February 1985 Ralph Noyes wrote to Brian Webster 
again, asking seven specific questions relating to the incident, of which 
I quote three: "Is the MoD aware of the tape recording which Col. Halt 
claims to have made on 29 December 1980 (and of which alleged copies 
are now in the hands of several members of the public)? Is the MoD 
aware of the cine film allegedly made on site on 29 December? In the 
light of the answers to these questions does the MoD adhere to its view 
that nothing unknown or untoward ventured into British airspace?"

A reply was received nearly three months later from Mr. Peter M.

Hucker, of the newly formed Defense Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a, which 
replaced DS8 in January 1985, pointing out that Brian Webster was no 
longer its head. The questions posed by Noyes were answered as follows: 
"I can assure you that no unidentified flying object was seen on any radar 
recordings during the period in question, and that the MoD has no knowl- 
edge of the tape recording or cine-film you mention . . . there has been 
nothing to alter the view that there was no defense significance to the 
incident."20 


The Halt Tape 

In spite of the Ministry's denial of knowledge regarding a tape recording 
made by Colonel Halt, an edited copy was released to solicitor Harry 
Harris in 1984 by Colonel Sam Morgan, former Base Commander at 
Woodbridge. The tape describes some of the events that occurred on the 
night of 29/30 December when Halt and others were investigating the 
landing area and taking radiation readings. A transcript has been made 
by science journalist Ian Ridpath and Harry Harris, from which I quote 
the relevant passages: 

voice . . . 1:48. We're hearing very strange sounds out of the farmer's 
barnyard animals. They're very, very active, making an awful lot 
of noise. . . . You just saw a light? [garbled! Slow down. Where? 
voice Right on this position. Here, straight ahead in between the trees 
-there it is again. Watch-straight ahead off my flashlight, sir.

There it is. 
halt I see it too. What is it? 
voice We don't know, sir. 
halt It's a strange, small red light. Looks to be maybe a quarter to a 
half mile, maybe further out. I'm gonna switch off. The light is 
gone now. It was approximately 120 degrees from our site. Is it 
back again? 
voice Yes sir. 
voice Well douse flashlights then. Let's go back to the edge of the 
clearing so we can get a better look at it. See if you can get the 
starscope on it. The light's still there and all the barnyard animals 
have gone quiet now. We're heading about 110, 120 degrees from 
the site out through to the clearing now, still getting a reading on 
the meter. . . . We're about 150 or 200 yards from the site.

Everywhere else is just deathly calm. There is no doubt about 
it-there's some type of strange flashing red light ahead. 
voice Sir, it's yellow. 
halt I saw a yellow tinge in it too. Weird. It appears to be maybe 
moving a little bit this way? It's brighter than it has been. It's 
coming this way. It is definitely coming this way! Pieces of it are 
shooting off. There is no doubt about it! This is weird! 
voice Two lights! One to the right and one light to the left! 
halt Keep your flashlights off. There's something very, very strange.

Keep the headset on; see if it gets any. . . . Pieces are falling off 
it again! 
voice It just moved to the right. 
voice Yeah! . . . Strange! . . . Let's approach to the edge of the woods 
up there. . . . OK, we're looking at the thing. We're probably 
about two to three hundred yards away. It looks like an eye 
winking at you. Still moving from side to side. And when you 
put the starscope on it, it's like this thing has a hollow center, a 
dark center, like the pupil of an eye looking at you, winking.

And it flashes so bright in the starscope that it almost burns your 
eye. . . . We've passed the fanner's house and across into the 
next field and now we have multiple sightings of up to five lights 
with a similar shape and all but they seem to be steady now rather 
than a pulsating or glow with a red flash. We've just crossed a 
creek and we're getting what kind of readings now? We're getting 
three good clicks on the meter and we're seeing strange lights in 
the sky. 
halt 2:44. We're at the far side of the second farmer's field and made 
sighting again about 110 degrees. This looks like it's clear off to 
the coast. It's right on the horizon. Moves about a bit and flashes 
from time to time. Still steady or red in color. Also after negative 
readings in the center of the field we're picking up slight 
readings-four or five clicks now, on the meter. 
halt 3:05. We see strange strobe-like flashes to the er . . . well, they're 
sporadic, but there's definitely some kind of phenomenon. 3:05.

At about ten degrees, horizon, directly north, we've got two 
strange objects, er, half-moon shape, dancing about with colored 
lights on 'em. That, er, guess to be about five to ten miles out, 
maybe less. The half-moons are now turning to full circles, as 
though there was an eclipse or something there, for a minute or 
two. . . 0315. Now we've got an object about ten degrees directly 
south, ten degrees off the horizon. And the ones to the north are 
moving. One's moving away from us. 
voice It's moving out fast! 
voice This one on the right's heading away too! 
voice They're both heading north. OK, here he comes from the south; 
he's coming toward us now. Now we're observing what appears 
to be a beam coming down to the ground. This is unreal! 
halt 0330. And the objects are still in the sky although the one to the 
south looks like it's losing a little bit of altitude. We're going 
around and heading back toward the house. The object to the 
south is still beaming down lights to the ground. 
halt 0400 hours. One object still hovering over Woodbridge base at 
about five to ten degrees off the horizon. Still moving erratic, and 
similar lights and beaming down as earlier. . . .21

The duration of the complete tape is nearly eighteen minutes, although 
it is evident from the extracts quoted that over two hours had elapsed. I 
have omitted the first half of the tape, which relates to the radiation 
readings taken at the landing site. Several voices share the commentary, 
including Lieutenant (now Captain) Bruce Englund, already mentioned 
in connection with Sergeant Bustinza, Major Malcolm Zickler (or Zie- 
gler), Chief of Base Security, and Sergeant Nevells, a noncommissioned 
officer assigned to the Disaster Preparedness Operations, who was, ac- 
cording to Colonel Morgan, handling the Geiger counter.

But is the tape a fake? Journalist John Grant traced Colonel Morgan 
to the Space Command Headquarters linked to Peterson USAF base in 
Colorado, and asked him this question via telephone. The colonel replied:

I do not think it is a hoax. I think the men really were out there that night 
and they saw something which frightened them. You can hear their excited 
conversations and references to frightening strange lights. The only opinion 
I have is that, based on the evidence available, those guys definitely saw 
something which cannot be explained. As for them fabricating it all and 
putting on an act, I do not think they could have pulled it off. 2

The witness, James Archer, says that the Halt tape was an edited 
version "designed to create a certain impression." Ian Ridpath has pointed 
out that the reference to a flashing red light seen at a bearing of 110° on 
the horizon would place it in the direction of the Orford Ness lighthouse.

So perhaps this was the intended impression, yet it is only one of many 
other references to UFOs on the tape, and therefore hardly likely to 
discredit the complete recording, even if the USAF officers did momen- 
tarily mistake the lighthouse for a UFO in their excitement. 


Confusion of Dates 

Not the least confusing aspect of the Woodbridge affair is the fact that 
witnesses come out with different dates. To add to the confusion, Chuck 
de Caro of Cable News Network was shown the logbook at Woodbridge 
police station which shows that on the night of 25126 December Airman 
Armald from the Woodbridge base law-enforcement desk called the 
Woodbridge police concerning "lights in the woods." On the morning 
of 26 December the police apparently returned to the site and were shown 
"landing marks" by Air Force personnel, who told them how an object 
had landed there. So was this the actual date of the main event? We 
simply do not know. The British police may have entered an incorrect 
date in their notebook, or the witnesses to what seem to have been at 
least two separate incidents may have become confused about the dates.

There is also the distinct possibility that false dates may have been given 
in order to sow disinformation among the ranks of the investigators. It 
would be a mistake, in my view, to dismiss the entire episode on these 
grounds alone. 


The Pentagon's Response 

In 1984 Chuck de Caro presented the US Air Force at the Pentagon with 
a list of questions relating to the Woodbridge/Bentwaters incidents, from 
which I quote, together with the written answers:

Q. How many USAF personnel witnessed the sightings?
A. The number of people witnessing the alleged sightings is unknown.

Q. Did Security Police Major Zeigler [sic] witness the incident(s)?
A. Unknown.

Q. Did Sgt. Burroughs witness the incident(s)?
A. Unknown.

Q. Was there a Lt. England [sic] in the Security Police unit at Bentwaters?
Did he witness the incident?
A. Unknown.

Q. What are the current units and duty stations of Williams, Halt, Bur- 
roughs, Zeigler, and England?
A. Williams is currently assigned with the Air Force Inspection and Safety 
Center at Norton AFB, California. Col. Halt is currently assigned 
with the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center at Tinker AFB, Okla- 
homa. Sgt. Burroughs is currently assigned to Luke AFB [Arizona].
The location of the others is unknown.

Q. What unit or personnel took the radioactivity readings referred to in 
Col. Halt's report? What unit or personnel established the geometry 
of the indentations on the ground? Where are the official measurements 
and reports?
A. Unknown.

Q. Were USAF OSI [Office of Special Investigations]23 personnel dis- 
patched to the incident site? Did OSI personnel interview Lt. Col.
Halt, Sgt. Larry Warren, Airman Steven La Plume, Gen. Williams, 
Maj. Zeigler, Lt. England, or Sgt. Burroughs?
A. The British MoD would have jurisdiction for any such investigation.
OSI was not informed of the alleged incident and did not investigate 
or compile a report.

Q. Will the USAF provide a list of USAF personnel who witnessed the 
incident(s)?
A. No, because it is unknown who witnessed the alleged incident.

Q. What are the reasons that Gen. Williams, Col. Halt, and Sgt. Bur- 
roughs gave for not granting official interviews?
A. The individuals have declined interviews for personal reasons.

Q. Are there any photographs, tape recordings, videotapes, drawings, or 
descriptions of any kind in USAF files? If not, to what agency or 
agencies have the files been transferred?
A. There was no audiovisual documentation done.


Cover-up 

It is evident from the responses to Cable News Network's questions that 
the US Air Force is guilty of prevarication regarding the Woodbridge 
affair. In October 1985 I met with the American investigator Ray Boeche, 
who has done more research into the case in the United States than anyone 
else. He told me that he has had many discussions on the matter with 
Senator Exon (Democrat, Nebraska), who is a member of the Senate 
Armed Services Committee and who, according to Ray, has spent much 
time looking into the Woodbridge case. The results suggest a cover-up.

Ray telephoned Colonel Halt to ask him if he would agree to discuss 
the Rendlesham incidents with the senator and provide corroborative 
evidence. Halt agreed, saying: "I've got a soil sample right here, and I 
can put my hands on plaster casts." Halt also stated that he would be 
prepared to confirm that a certain captain drove General Gordon Williams, 
overall Base Commander at the time, from the Rendlesham landing site 
to a fighter plane at Bentwaters with what Williams told the captain was 
a motion picture canister of the UFO. The film was quickly flown to the 
USAF European Headquarters at Ramstein AFB, West Germany, and 
has not been heard of since. The Air Force specifically denies that any 
photographs or films were taken of the event.

According to the senator's defense aide, Exon did speak with Halt, 
but Ray has been unable to obtain any information whatsoever about the 
meeting other than no comment, and when he eventually managed to 
speak directly with the senator was given extremely evasive answers. 
"Has he found out something that's disturbed him?" Ray said to me, 
"or has he been told to back off?"

During the course of many conversations and letters about the Wood- 
bridge case, ex-Ministry of Defense official Ralph Noyes has left me in 
no doubt that there has been an official cover-up. In view of his long 
career with the MoD, which he joined after his World War II service as 
a navigator on operational missions in Beaufighter aircraft in the Middle 
East and Southeast Asia, his opinion cannot be lightly dismissed. Since 
his retirement in 1977 he has pursued a career as a novelist, and in the 
afterword of his science fiction book on UFOs he sums up his feelings 
about the Woodbridge case:

The Ministry of Defense may well have good reasons for withholding 
information about the Rendlesham incidents. As a former Defense official,
I would not wish to press questions on any matter touching national security; 
and in those circumstances I would not be surprised if questions pressed 
by others were met with a refusal to reply. But I cannot help feeling that 
it is something of a lapse from the usual standards of a government de- 
partment to issue a direct misstatement. Concealment is one thing (and is 
often justified), false denial is another.

The RAF Woodbridge case of December 1980 strikes me as one of the 
most interesting and important of recent years, anyway in this country.24

Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Hill-Norton, former Chief of the Defense 
Staff from 1971 to 1973, has also personally affirmed to me that there 
has been a cover-up on this extraordinary case. In May 1985 he wrote 
to the Secretary of State for Defense (then Michael Heseltine), asking 
pertinent questions. Nearly two months went by before he received a 
reply from Lord Trefgarne, on behalf of the Minister of Defense:

You wrote to Michael Heseltine on 1 May 1985 about the sighting of an 
unidentified flying object near RAF Woodbridge in December 1980. Mi- 
chael has asked me to reply as UFO questions fall within my responsi- 
bilities.

I do understand your concern and I am grateful to you for having taken 
the trouble to write. I do not believe, however, that there are any grounds 
for changing our view, formed at the time, that the events to which you 
refer were of no defense significance.25

Lord Trefgarne was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for the 
armed forces at the time, and Lord Hill-Norton responded to his letter 
as follows: 
... I am astounded that a serious letter to a Minister from a member of 
the House of Lords was allowed to remain unanswered for seven weeks.

I am sorry that you take the view that the sort of uproar which occurred 
in Suffolk in December 1980 is of "no defense significance," because I 
have no doubt from my rather longer experience that you are mistaken.

Unless Lt. Col. Halt was out of his mind, there is clear evidence in his 
report that British airspace-and probably territory-were intruded upon 
by an unidentified vehicle in that month, and that no bar to such intrusion 
was effective. If Halt's report is not believed, there is equally clear evidence of a serious misjudgment of events by members of the USAF at an important base in the UK. Either way the events can hardly be without defense significance.26

Lord Trefgarne's reply was more conciliatory this time, assuring the 
Admiral that the Ministry "does take the subject seriously," and he 
invited Lord Hill-Norton to a private meeting. A date was arranged in 
September 1985, but in the meantime Lord Trefgarne was promoted to 
the position of Minister of State for Defense, and official duties neces- 
sitated a postponement of the meeting to 9 October.

Both Ralph Noyes and myself had briefed Lord Hill-Norton about the 
subject in general, and Woodbridge specifically. Trefgarne personally 
flew down to Hampshire for the meeting in his private plane, together 
with a representative from the Ministry's Defense Secretariat (Air Staff) 
2. The Minister was helpful and courteous, Lord Hill-Norton told us, but 
did not give the impression of having been briefed in great depth about 
the Woodbridge case. He was aware, he said, that reports had been made 
of unidentified events in British airspace and that some had remained 
unexplained, but he was convinced that none of them had ever been 
shown to have defense significance, including two reports from defense 
establishments made that year. In response to further questions, Lord 
Trefgarne admitted that traces of unidentified events certainly occurred 
from time to time on radar and were recorded on radar tapes. None had 
ever been considered to be of defense importance after proper study, and 
none was retained for long: they were costly, and the practice was to 
recycle them for operational use after a short while. Similarly, Lord 
Trefgarne said that he saw no defense significance in the Woodbridge 
case, and only after sustained questioning by the Admiral did he agree 
that it might be of defense significance if responsible Americans had had 
serious misperceptions at an important NATO base on British territory.


Conclusion 

I doubt if there will be any further progress toward establishing the truth 
about the Woodbridge incident until such time as all the principal wit- 
nesses testify in public, but military regulations have evidently intimidated 
the majority. Ray Boeche believes there should be a subpoena requiring 
the active US Air Force personnel, as well as those out of the service, 
to testify at an open Senate hearing, or failing that a civil suit against 
the Air Force. But under military law, Ray explains, they would not be 
required to respond to a subpoena unless Congress itself ordered them to 
testify. With little or no media interest at the time of writing, I see little chance of this taking place.

In October 1986 I spoke with Colonel Charles Halt, who is currently 
based with the 485th Tactical Missile Wing. My first question dealt with 
the authenticity and accuracy of his document to the Ministry of Defense. 
"As far as you're concerned, Colonel Halt, your memorandum is legit- 
imate?" I asked. "It certainly is," he affirmed. He denied that any movie 
film was taken of the UFO, or that he had ordered Adrian Bustinza to 
confiscate photographs taken by British policemen. "That's not true," 
he said. "I suspect time has clouded his memory. I confiscated nothing 
from anyone-I had no authority to. We were guests in your country. I 
can tell you that your bobbies wouldn't have probably given them to me 
if I'd asked."

I then asked Colonel Halt if the radar tapes at RAF Watton had been 
confiscated by USAF intelligence officers. "Well, I don't know that they 
were confiscated," he answered. "I do know that they were used at a 
later date because I was questioned specifically on times and areas of the 
sky and so on. ... It's your government's business, not mine!' 
And the story of aliens? Had this been thrown in to confuse the issue?

I wanted to know. "There's only one individual who talks about that, 
and I can't speak for him," said the colonel. "I can't disprove what he 
says, but I can't corroborate it either. . . . There are a lot of things that 
are not in my memo, but there was no response from the Ministry of 
Defense so I didn't go any further with them."27 

=====================================================================
PER ARDUA AD ASTRA*, 1981 Onward

* Through Hardship to the Stars-the RAF motto 

Massive power failures have long been associated with UFO activity, 
and although there is no proof for this alarming theory it is significant 
that many such failures have occurred when there has been a surge in 
UFO sightings. 1981 was such a year. The Ministry of Defense received 
a total of 600 reports, although the actual number of sightings was prob- 
ably far higher since the MoD, on its own admission, does not receive 
all of them.

On 5 August the largest power failure for nearly twenty years caused 
severe disruption to most of southern England and Wales. Two power 
lines failed within minutes of each other in separate incidents, and senior 
electrical engineers from the Central Electricity Generating Board were 
totally baffled. As one official admitted: "We have never known anything 
like it before. For one power line to go for apparently no reason would 
be strange in itself but for two to go separately is incredible. . . . We 
have no idea what caused the failure."

The first line to go at 9:08 a.m. was the Feckenham line from the 
West Midlands to Bristol, at a time when it was working well below 
capacity, since many factories were closed for the summer holiday and 
domestic consumption was down owing to the warm weather. Two min- 
utes later the Dungeness to Canterbury line failed and the failure of the 
two lines caused a third to go because of the sudden increase in demand.

Nearly all of Kent, Surrey, Berkshire, Hampshire, part of Gloucestershire, 
the whole of the West Country and most of South Wales were left without 
power, and it was two hours before electricity was restored to most areas.

On the previous night (4 August) two power lines failed in Holland, 
plunging a large part of the country into darkness.1

There is no evidence that UFOs were responsible for this mysterious 
blackout, but it may not be without significance that the only sightings 
reported between 2 and 9 August 1981 were in southern England, if my 
press cuttings for that period are anything to go by. The link may be 
tenuous, but we should not ignore it. During congressional hearings on 
UFOs before the House Committee on Science and Astronautics in July 
1968, Dr. James McDonald, the late atmospheric physicist, felt it his 
duty to report that the great northeast American blackout of 9 November 
1965 may have been caused by UFO activity:

There were reports all over New England in the midst of that blackout. . . .

It is rather puzzling that the pulse of current that tripped the relay at the 
Ontario Hydro Commission Plant has never been identified. . . . Just how 
a UFO could trigger an outage on a large power network is however not 
clear. But this is a disturbing series of coincidences that I think warrant 
much more attention than they have so far received.2 


THE CASE OF DENISE BISHOP, 1981 

At 3:00 a.m. on 11 September 1981 Bob Boyd, Chairman of the Plymouth 
(Devon) UFO Research Group (PUFORG), received a phone call from 
John Greenwell, who had just finished work as a disk jockey at a local 
radio station and had gone to collect his girlfriend from her mother's 
house. On arrival he was told that his girlfriend's sister, Denise Bishop, 
had experienced a UFO encounter three and three-quarter hours earlier 
at Weston Mill, Plymouth. Greenwell had immediately telephoned the 
nearest police station and was told that they had no procedure for handling 
UFO reports, but was given local investigator Bob Boyd's phone number.

Bob, who happened to live in the vicinity of the alleged encounter, decided 
to investigate there and then, despite the late hour.

Denise Bishop, a twenty-three-year-old accounts clerk at the time, had 
hitherto given no consideration to the UFO question, neither had she read 
any books on the subject. Obviously she must at some time have read 
and absorbed newspaper or magazine accounts, and this factor must be 
taken into consideration. This is her story, as related to Bob Boyd only 
hours after the encounter on 10 September 1981:

I was coming into my house at approximately 11:15 p.m., and as I ap- 
proached the corner of the bungalow I thought I saw some lights behind the 
house. As I got to the back door and could see up the hill behind our house, 
I saw an enormous UFO hovering above the houses on top of the hill.

The object was unlit and a dark metallic gray, but coming from un- 
derneath the object and shining down on the rooftops beneath it were six 
or seven broad shafts of light. These were lovely pastel shades of pink 
and purple and also white. I saw all this in an instant and I was terrified.

I hurriedly reached for the door but as I put my hand on the handle, from 
the unlit side of the ship, a lime green pencil beam of light came down 
and hit the back of my hand. As soon as it hit my hand I couldn't move.

I was stopped dead in my tracks. The beam stayed on my hand for at least 
thirty seconds, in which time I could only stand and watch the UFO. I 
was very frightened, although the UFO was a fantastic sight to see. It was 
huge and silent. In fact the whole area seemed very quiet. The green beam, 
which didn't give off any illumination and was rather like a rod of light, 
then switched off and I continued to open the door. It was as if a film had 
been stopped then started again. I had been stopped in mid-stride and when 
the beam went off continued the same movement. I opened the door and 
rushed in the house. As I did so the UFO lifted into the sky slightly and 
moved away and out of my sight.

Rubbing my hand I ran in and told my sister. We went back outside 
but there was nothing to be seen. Coming in again my sister examined my 
hand but there was nothing there. I went and sat down, and a few minutes 
later my sister's dog sniffed my hand making it sting. On looking at it I 
noticed spots of blood and after washing it saw it was a burn. At 2:30 
a.m. my sister's boyfriend came in and said we must report it to the police.

He phoned the police but they couldn't help except to give us Bob Boyd's 
number.

On arrival at Denise's house Bob took a couple of black and white 
photographs of the burn mark, which appeared as a patch of shiny skin 
with spots of blood and bruising. "It looked as if a patch of skin had 
been removed, exposing the shiny, new skin beneath," Bob reported.

He tried to persuade Denise to go to the casualty ward at the local hospital 
but she refused. Since the wound was hurting Bob suggested that she 
immerse her hand in cold water, but that only made it worse. Antiseptic 
cream, however, afforded some relief.

On the following day Bob Boyd, accompanied by Des Weeks, Sec- 
retary of PUFORG, and a nurse, visited Denise, who now appeared to 
be in a state of shock. The burn mark was worse. The nurse examined 
it and tried unsuccessfully to persuade Denise to see a doctor. 


RAF Mount Batten 

On 14 September Bob Boyd phoned RAF Mount Batten to ensure that 
the Ministry of Defense was notified about the incident. Later that day 
Denise received a phone call at work from a man with an American accent 
who identified himself as Chris Bloomfield of CBS Radio. He had heard 
about the case, he said, and wanted to learn more about it. Denise was 
rather suspicious and told him only about the sighting, but not the burn.

Bob wondered if this may have been a covert probe by the RAF to check 
on the validity of the case, so the following day he phoned Mount Batten 
again to impress upon them the rarity and importance of the case. Wing 
Commander J. S. Fosh took further details and explained that although 
RAF Mount Batten did not investigate UFO sightings, he felt sure that 
when the report was passed on to the Ministry of Defense in London they 
would probably want to interview the witness. To date there has been no 
interview.

Who could have tipped off "Chris Bloomfield"? Since Westward 
Television had been informed about the incident on 11 September by 
John Greenwell, Bob considered the possibility that Bloomfield had been 
alerted by them, but a contact at Westward denied that they would do 
such a thing. So the call was put down to a hoax, perhaps by someone 
connected with PUFORG who knew where Denise worked. Bob felt it 
was unlikely that the RAF could have discovered where she worked in 
such a short space of time. Bloomfield never called again, and my in- 
quiries with CBS in New York and the Canadian Broadcasting System 
drew a blank. 


Convincing Witness 

On 15 September Denise attended the Plymouth UFO Research Group's 
fortnightly meeting, during which she was questioned closely by its fifteen 
members. The group was impressed by Denise's calm, matter-of-fact 
attitude, as indeed I had been when I met her in July 1982. I found her 
completely convincing and level-headed, and can see no reason why she 
should have concocted such a story. She had shunned publicity, having 
turned down a Westward Television interview, although she did even- 
tually concede to allowing local reporter Roger Malone to write up her 
story in October 1981.3

Derek Mansell of Contact UK became intrigued with the case and 
offered his assistance. In December 1981 he wrote to Bob Boyd enclosing 
a report from a consultant orthopedic surgeon at a leading London hospital 
(who unfortunately but understandably prefers to remain anonymous).

The surgeon stated his opinion that the burn mark had the characteristics 
of a laser burn, and that there was normally "a 48 hour delay in the 
commencement of the healing process." This was confirmed by Bob and 
his group who noted the formation of a scab on 15 September. This 
eventually disappeared, leaving Denise with a scar which gradually faded, 
although it became prominent in cold weather.4 Though faint, the scar 
was still visible when I visited Denise ten months after the incident.

The pencil-thin beam of light that causes temporary paralysis has been 
reported by other witnesses, and it is not beyond the realms of possibility 
that Denise could at some time have read about this in a newspaper or 
magazine article and then stored it in her subconscious memory. Denise 
appears to have no predisposed belief in either UFOs or the paranormal, 
a prerequisite if we are to suggest that a strong "wish-to-believe" psy- 
thosomatically induced the scar (a theory put forward to account for 
stigmata, for instance).

It is unfortunate that no one else saw the object, as far as we know, 
although the Plymouth group was able to locate people whose pets had 
behaved in a peculiar manner at the precise location it hovered over.

Does this incident constitute a threat to the defense of the United 
Kingdom? Or a potential threat? If so, was the Ministry of Defense 
avoiding its responsibilities by not investigating further? Or could it be, 
as Bob Boyd believes, that the MoD are convinced that UFOs are not 
hostile and therefore saw no point in pursuing the matter further? 


HOUSE OF LORDS, 1982 

On 4 March 1982 the Earl of Clancarty asked in the House of Lords: 
"'How many reports have been received by the Ministry of Defense on 
unidentified flying objects in each of the last four years, and what action 
had been taken in each case." Viscount Long, representing the govern- 
ment, replied: "My Lords, in 1978 there were 750 sightings; in 1979 
there were 550 sightings; in 1980, 350 sightings; and in 1981, 600 sight- 
ings. All UFO reports are passed to operations staff who examine them 
solely for possible defense implications."

The Earl of Clancarty was not satisfied with these figures and stated 
that he believed the number to be far higher, but Viscount Long explained 
that not all reports reached the MoD: "If the noble Earl is suspicious that 
the Ministry of Defense is covering up in any way, I can assure him that 
there is no reason why we should cover up the figures which he has 
mentioned if they are true," he said.

The Earl of Kimberley, former Liberal spokesman on aerospace and 
a member of the House of Lords UFO Study Group, then asked Viscount 
Long how many of the 600 sightings reported to the MoD in 1981 "still 
remain unidentified and were not subject to security, or were Russian 
airplanes, or anything like that." Long's reply was as amusing as it was 
unconvincing: "My Lords, I do not have those figures. They disappeared 
into the unknown before we got them."

Replying to a question from Lord Strabolgi, who had represented the 
government in the 1979 House of Lords debate, Viscount Long stressed 
that most sightings can be "accounted for in one way or another, but 
nobody has got a really constructive answer for all of them." Another 
member of the Lords UFO Group, Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Hill-Norton, 
then asked "whether it is true that all sighting reports received by the 
Ministry of Defense before 1962 were destroyed because they were deemed 
to be 'of no defense interest.' And if it is true, who was it decided that 
they were of no interest?"

Long responded: "My Lords, my reply to the noble and gallant 
Lord-I was wondering whether he was going to say that the Royal Navy 
had many times seen the Loch Ness monster-is that since 1967 all UFO 
reports have been preserved. Before that time they were generally de- 
stroyed."5 The Admiral chose not to pick up the gauntlet, but he must 
have wondered why only part of his first question was answered and the 
second one ignored.

During an interview on BBC Television transmitted a week after the 
Lords debate, Lord Hill-Norton was asked: "As a former Chief of the 
Defense Staff [1971-73], wouldn't you have known if there was infor- 
mation available which hadn't been released to the public?" He replied:

I think I ought to have known, but I certainly didn't and, had I known, I 
would not of course be allowed on an interview like this to say so. So that 
in itself seems significant. What I do believe is that information has come 
to the Ministry of Defense-probably over a period of twenty years or 
even longer-which is not available to the public, and was not available 
to me while I was in office.6

On 7 April 1982 another question was raised in the House of Lords, and 
I had the honor of attending the debate. The Earl of Cork and Orrery 
asked: "How many of the 2,250 sightings of UFOs reported to the Min- 
istry of Defense in the years 1978-1981 were, and still are, classified 
for reasons of security?" Viscount Long, again replying for the Govern- 
ment, jumped up and stated enthusiastically: "None, my Lords." The 
Earl then asked two supplementary questions, one of which inquired into 
the possibility of the Ministry of Defense releasing reports to interested 
individuals and organizations. Long said that there was "no reason why 
he should not come and see the reports. Not many of them come in 
because not many people actually report sightings. There is no cover-up 
in that respect."

The Earl of Kimberley challenged Viscount Long on his reply to a 
supplementary question he had asked at the previous debate. "Why," 
he inquired, "had he said that the figures had got lost on the way to the 
Ministry, whereas today he says that they are there and available for 
anyone to see? Can he therefore place them in the Library for all of us 
to see?" Long replied that he would look into the possibility, and added: 
"I should like all of your Lordships to see them in the Library, if pos- 
sible." (This has yet to happen.) 
Lord Shinwell asked if it was possible "that all the information is well 
known to the Ministry of Defense, but that for diplomatic and other 
reasons it is not prepared to make an announcement." Long replied that 
the Ministry was not prepared to do so "because it has not got the facts 
to make an announcement with authority behind it."

Lord Beswick pointed out that the question on the Order Paper referred 
to 2,250 sightings, yet "the noble Viscount says that there are very few 
sightings reported to the Ministry of Defense. Does this mean that the 
figure in the Question is incorrect?" Long explained that this was on the 
original assumption that there were probably many sightings that were 
not reported to the Ministry, but after another question by Lord Beswick 
he confirmed that the figure of 2,250 sightings was correct.

An amusing exchange followed:

Viscount St. Davids: My Lords, has anybody yet found an empty beer 
can marked, "Made in Centaurus," or any similar 
object? Until they have, will the Ministry deal with 
these matters with very considerable skepticism, 
please?

Viscount Long: My Lords, I am not the Minister for conservation, 
if it is a question of beer cans.

Lord Morris: My Lords, if something is said to be unidentified, 
how can it possibly be said to exist?

Viscount Long: A very good question, my Lords.

Lord Leatherland: My Lords, can the Minister tell us whether any of 
the unidentified flying objects are Ministers who 
are fleeing from the Cabinet just now?

Viscount Long: No, my Lords.

Finally, the Earl of Clancarty asked about an alleged MoD document 
published in 1978 in which under the heading "Contacts" eighteen names 
are listed, and alongside each name is given the hometown of the witness, 
plus dates and times. The document had supposedly been distributed to 
other government departments, as well as to the North American Aero- 
space Defense Command (NORAD) and the CIA. Replied Viscount Long: 
"Yes, my Lords, I have the document here, and it has nothing to do 
with the Ministry of Defense. It is made up to look rather like a Christmas 
menu. Its existence in the Ministry of Defense has been denied on tel- 
evision. Someone else has made it up."

And someone else had made it up, in my opinion: the document is a 
forgery designed to discredit the subject. Of the eighteen names listed in 
the document, three are stated to be from London. Of those three, two 
are not listed in the current telephone directory, and the third- 
D. M. Smith, London (SW)-has no less than twelve entries for SW 
London alone: a convenient choice of name indeed. Similarly, another 
very common name-S.D.D. Patel of Southall, Middlesex-has at least 
twelve entries under "S. D. Patel" alone.8 


RAF/USAF UPPER HEYFORD, 1983 

On 15 March 1983 an unidentified object, described as a "primary target" 
by a US Air Force air traffic controller at Upper Hey ford, Oxfordshire, 
was tracked from about 5:00 p.m. to 9:15 p.m., and was seen by a 
number of civilians in Berkshire. The air traffic controller, Sergeant Byrd 
Cormier, was quoted as having said: "This is a primary target but we 
have not been able to identify it, and do not have radio contact with it."

However, according to air traffic controller Corporal Candellin at RAF 
Brize Norton, RAF radar was unable to pick up the object. Squadron 
Leader Hayes of RAF Benson said they had no contact with it either.9

I thought the report was sufficiently interesting to warrant a follow- 
up, and I began by writing to the Civil Aviation Authority at Heathrow 
Airport and to the Ministry of Defense. My letter to the CAA was referred 
to the Airspace Utilization Section of the National Air Services (a joint 
CAA/MoD service) in Uxbridge, Middlesex, who informed me that the 
MoD would be dealing with my inquiry. In due course I received their 
reply:

I have been informed that the radar at Upper Heyford did not track an 
unidentified target on that date. The events of 15 March were as follows:

Just after dusk, a local reporter for the Reading Evening Post telephoned 
the tower at Upper Heyford and asked if they could see "lights" at the 
opposite side of the airfield. The controller's assistant, after checking, told 
the reporter that the duty crew could indeed see the "lights" and that they 
did not know what they were but could have been some airfield lights, 
traffic within the airfield or traffic outside the airfield. The conversation 
then ended.10

I immediately contacted the Reading Evening Post reporter, Kevin Con- 
nolly, and told him what the MoD had said. He insisted that the story 
as it appeared in the paper was accurate, and was annoyed that the MoD 
had misrepresented his report.

Letters that I sent to Squadron Leader Hayes at RAF Benson and 
Corporal Candellin at RAF Brize Norton were ignored, despite reminders.

Three letters I sent to Sergeant Cormier at Upper Heyford went unan- 
swered, but the second one was returned to me from the head post office 
in Oxford, marked *'Addressee Unknown-Return to Sender." A phone 
call to Air Traffic Control at USAF Upper Heyford soon established that 
Sergeant Cormier was employed there, but that he was off-duty at the 
time. I therefore sent the returned letter back to Oxford and asked that 
it be delivered as addressed. In July 1983 I finally received a reply from 
Upper Heyford, not from Sergeant Cormier but the Chief of Public Af- 
fairs:

I have been asked to respond to your letter 2 May concerning the alleged 
sighting of an unidentified target on our radar.

We have not taken any further steps in identifying the target to which 
you refer. Our air traffic controllers frequently receive radar returns (or 
targets) on vehicles on the ground and weather fronts. I hope this clarifies 
the situation.11

Needless to say, this did not clarify the situation. First of all, the MoD 
letter specifically states that Upper Heyford did not track an unidentified 
target, while the USAF concede that something was tracked but that it 
was not anomalous. Secondly, a UFO had been seen in Hungerford, 
described as a slow-moving brilliant white light by the witness, which 
dimmed and disappeared at about 9:15 p.m., and Upper Heyford had 
confirmed to the Reading Evening Post that they had tracked an unknown 
object over Berkshire from about 5:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. on their battle 
radar. 


THE CLOSE ENCOUNTER CASE OF ALFRED BURTOO, 1983 

The remarkable story of Alfred Burtoo's alleged close encounter beside 
the Basingstoke Canal in Aldershot, Hampshire, during the small hours 
of 12 August 1983, is a fisherman's tale with a difference: the one that 
got away was a flying saucer-complete with little *'green" men. If the 
witness was not lying-and I for one am convinced he was not-we are 
presented with an important and highly detailed account which may teach 
us a great deal about the UFO phenomenon, irrespective of what inter- 
pretation we choose to place on it. We may also come to understand 
more of the reasons why the authorities are anxious to play down the 
subject. 


Background 

Because of its many military establishments Aldershot is known as "The 
Home of the British Army," and Alfred Burtoo himself had an Army 
background, having served in the Queen's Royal Regiment in 1924 and 
the Hampshire Regiment during World War II. Well known as a local 
historian, he had in his time worked as a farmer and gardener, and while 
living in the Canadian outback hunted bear and fought wolves. Mr. Burtoo 
told me that he was afraid of nothing, and regarding his encounter, which 
would have terrified most people, said: "What did I have to fear? I'm 
seventy-eight now and haven't got much to lose." Prior to his experience 
he had read no books or magazines on the subject of UFOs, which held 
no interest for him, yet much of what he claimed has been corroborated 
by other witnesses.

Alfred Burtoo was a keen and experienced fisherman, and since the 
weather report for 11/12 August predicted a warm, fine night, he set off 
from his home in North Town, Aldershot, at 12:15 a.m., accompanied 
by his dog Tiny. On reaching Government Road he encountered a Ministry 
of Defense policeman on his beat, and after a brief chat headed toward 
his selected fishing site, about 115 yards north of the Gasworks Bridge 
on Government Road. He undid his fishing rod holdall and took out the 
bottom joint of his fishing umbrella, pushed it into the soil, and tied the 
dog to it. While unpacking his tackle box he heard the gong at Buller 
Barracks strike one o'clock. He set up the rod rests, cast out his tackle 
and then sat down watching the water for fish movements. 


The Encounter 

"After about fifteen minutes," Mr. Burtoo told me, "I decided to have 
a cup of tea, which I poured from my thermos. I stood up to ease my 
legs and was putting the cup to my mouth when I saw a vivid light coming 
toward me from the south, which is over North Town. It wavered over 
the railway line and then came on again, then settled down. The vivid 
light went out, though I could still see a light through the boughs of the 
trees. I thought, well that can't be an airplane; it's too low, because it 
was at about 300 feet. 
"During this time I had set the cup down on the tackle box and lit a 
cigarette, and while smoking it my dog began to growl. It was then that 
I saw two 'forms' coming toward me, and when they were within five 
feet of me they just stopped and looked at me, and I at them, for a good 
ten or fifteen seconds." Tiny, an obedient dog, had stopped growling by 
this time, on her master's command. 
"They were about four feet high, dressed in pale green coveralls from 
head to foot, and they had helmets of the same color with a visor that was 
blacked out," Mr. Burtoo said. "Then the one on the right beckoned me 
with his right forearm and turned away, still waving its arm. I took it that 
he wished me to follow, which I did. He moved off and I fell in behind 
him, and the chap that was on the left fell in behind me. We walked along 
the towpath until we got to the railings by the canal bridge. The 'form' in 
front of me went through the railings, while I went over the top, and we 
crossed Government Road then went down on the footpath. 


The Craft 

"Going around a slight left-hand bend I saw a large object, about 40 to 
45 feet across, standing on the towpath, with about 10 to 15 feet of it 
over the bank on the left of the path. And I thought, Christ, what the 
hell's that?-didn't think about UFOs at the time. When we got down 
there this 'form' in front of me went up the steps and I followed. The 
steps were off-line to the towpath and we had to step onto the grass to 
go up them.' Portholes were set in the hull, and the object rested on 
two ski type runners. 
"Going in the door, the corners weren't sharp, they were rounded off.

We went into this octagonal room. The 'form' in front of me crossed 
over the room, and I heard a sound as if a sliding door was being opened 
and closed. I stood in the room to the right of the door, and the 'form' 
that had walked behind me stood just inside, between me and the door.

I don't know whether it was to stop me going out or not. . . . 
"I stood there a good ten minutes, taking in everything I could see.

The walls, the floor and the ceiling were all black, and looked to me like 
unfinished metal, whereas the outside looked like burnished aluminum.

I did not see any sign of nuts or bolts, nor did I see any seams where 
the object had been put together. What did interest me most of all was 
a shaft that rose up from the floor to the ceiling. The shaft was about 
four feet in circumference, and on the right-hand side of it was a Z- 
shaped handle. On either side of that stood two 'forms' similar to those 
that walked along the towpath with me. 
"All of a sudden a voice said to me, 'Come and stand under the amber 
light.' I could not see any amber light until I took a step to my right, 
and there it was way up on the wall just under the ceiling. I stood there 
for about five minutes, then a voice said, 'What is your age?' I said, 'I 
shall be seventy-eight next birthday.' And after a while I was asked to 
turn around, which I did, facing the wall. After about five minutes he 
said to me, 'You can go. You are too old and infirm for our purpose.' 
"I left the object, and while walking down the steps I used the handrail 
and found it had two joints in it, so I came to the conclusion it was 
telescopic. I walked along the towpath to about halfway between the 
object and the canal bridge, stopped, and looked back and noticed that 
the dome of the object looked very much like an oversized chimney cowl, 
and that it was revolving anticlockwise. 
"I then walked on to the spot where I had left my dog and fishing 
tackle, and the first thing I did when I got there was to pick up my cold 
cup of tea and drink it. And then I heard this whining noise, just as if 
an electric generator was starting up, and this thing lifted off and the 
bright light came on again. It was so bright that I could see my fishing 
float in the water 6 feet away from the opposite bank of the canal, and 
the thin iron bars on the canal bridge. The object took off at a very high 
speed, out over the military cemetery in the west, and then a little later 
I saw the light going over the Hog's Back and out of sight. This was 
around 2:00 a.m."

Mr. Burtoo settled down to wait for dawn, which came at 3:30 a.m., 
and then, he told me, "I got into what I had come out for-the fishing!"

Incredible though it may seem, he did not feel inclined to report his 
experience to anyone at the time. He sat there fishing until 10 o'clock in 
the morning, at which time two Ministry of Defense mounted policemen 
rode up to him. "Any luck, mate?" one of them asked. "Yes," replied 
Mr. Burtoo. "I've had three roach, five rudd, a tench of 2'/2 pounds, 
and lost a big carp which took me into the weeds." He then started to 
tell them about the UFO that he had seen, and one of them said, "Yes, 
I dare say you did see that UFO. I expect they were checking on our 
military installations.'' 
Was this a tongue-in-cheek comment to placate the old boy? At that 
moment, anyway, a man from the canal lock yard came along and told 
the MoD policemen that horses were not allowed on the towpath, and so 
the conversation was cut short. Mr. Burtoo continued fishing until 12:30 
p.m., and returned home at 1:00 p.m. He told his wife and a friend of 
hers that he had seen a UFO, but refrained from telling them that he had 
been taken on board. "I knew the wife would say, 'No more fishing" for 
you, old man!' " 


No Witnesses 

Alfred Burtoo did not return to the landing site until two days later, when 
he noticed that the foliage between the canal and the towpath was in 
disarray. Unfortunately, no photos or soil samples were taken. Mr. Burtoo 
feels that someone in the guard hut of the nearby Royal Electrical and 
Mechanical Engineers workshops must have seen or heard something, 
but checks by investigator Omar Fowler drew a blank. He was also unable 
to trace the two mounted policemen. And the occupants of a bungalow 
near the canal lock beside Gasworks Bridge were away at the time.

Throughout his experience Mr. Burtoo was hoping that a train would 
cross the railway bridge (Aldershot to Waterloo main line) which is about 
100 yards to the south of the landing site, but there was none, at least, 
not while he was outside the craft. But even if a train had gone by it is 
doubtful if anyone would have noticed the object except at those times 
when it was at its most brilliant, i.e. during landing and takeoff. No cars 
were seen on either Government Road or Camp Farm Road, which runs 
beside the Basingstoke Canal at the spot where Mr. Burtoo was fishing, 
nor have any witnesses come forward. 


Publicity 

The story of Alfred Burtoo's encounter made headline news in the local 
paper two months later, as a result of his having written to the Aldershot 
News initially inquiring if anyone had reported an unusual light at the 
time of the incident.13 The paper then notified Omar Fowler, Chairman 
and Investigations Coordinator of the Surrey Investigation Group on Aer- 
ial Phenomena (SIGAP), who subsequently interviewed Mr. Burtoo in 
October. My first interview with the witness took place the following 
month, in the presence of local reporter Debbie Collins. The Aldershot 
News published our positive findings, and this attracted the attention of 
America's largest-selling tabloid, the National Enquirer, which ran a 
story on the case in 1984.14 


Details of the Craft 

Mr. Burtoo told me that the shape of the central room was octagonal and 
the ceiling very low. The floor appeared to be covered with a soft material 
of some kind because he was unable to hear his footsteps. The internal 
lighting did not appear to emanate from any particular source, with the 
exception of the beam of amber light underneath which he was asked to 
stand. The lighting in general was rather dim. There were no dials, 
controls, seats, or other objects seen, apart from the central column with 
its Z-shaped handle.

Mr. Burtoo said that the temperature inside the craft was a little warmer 
than outside, which would make it about 65° F. He noticed a faint smell 
similar to that of "decaying meat." If there is any truth to some of the 
more outlandish hypotheses about the motives of UFO operators, it is 
perhaps just as well that Mr. Burtoo was found to be too old and infirm 
for their purpose! 


The Beings 

The occupants moved like human beings, although they walked with a 
rather stiff gait, Mr. Burtoo explained to me. No facial features could 
be detected since these were covered by the visors. The pale-green one- 
piece suits also covered the hands and feet, and appeared to be molded 
onto their thin bodies "like plastic." Mr. Burtoo did not notice if the 
gloves covered fingers. There were no belts, zippers, buttons or fasteners.

All four beings were of the same size and unusually thin shape. Had any 
females been present, Mr. Burtoo felt sure he would not have failed to 
have noticed!

The beings spoke in a kind of "singsong" accent, similar to "a mixture 
of Chinese and Russian." Mr. Burtoo, in fact, was convinced that they 
originated here on earth. "I myself do not think they come from outer 
space," he said, "for we are told by scientists that this planet is the only 
one with water. If that is the case, how can they survive?"

I asked Mr. Burtoo why on earth he refrained from asking any ques- 
tions: surely that would be the first thing to do in such a situation? He 
explained that he simply did not feel it was the right thing to do, as he 
was anxious to avoid causing offense. As to his "rejection," which he 
found mildly disappointing, he attributed this to his bronchial and arterial 
problems, and thought that the amber scanning device (if that is what it 
was) detected the plastic replacement(s) following an operation for ar- 
teriosclerosis.

Alfred Burtoo suffered none of the side effects sometimes reported by 
close encounter witnesses, such as temporary paralysis, nausea, diarrhea, 
skin disorders, eye irritation, and so on; nor is he aware of any amnesia 
or time lapse. But he told me that he did feel "different" after the 
experience. He ate little for a while, resulting in some loss of weight, 
and felt less inclined to go out. He also found difficulty getting to sleep, 
due to continually turning the events over in his mind. But he had few 
regrets about his extraordinary experience, which in my opinion ranks 
as one of the most convincing close encounter cases I have investigated. 
"Until I had this encounter with the UFO," he told me, "I always 
took the talk about them with a pinch of salt, but now I know they are 
a fact. During the time I was with them I felt no fear, only curiosity, 
nor were they hostile toward me nor I to them. My only regret about the 
whole affair is that I did not have another person along with me to see 
and experience something that I did not believe until it happened to me, 
and I think myself lucky that I am here today to speak about it, for I am 
sure that these men were out to abduct some person, and that person 
could have been me. But at the same time I will say that it was the 
greatest experience of my life."

Alfred Burtoo died on 31 August 1986, aged eighty. Mindful of the 
possibility that he had finally confessed the story to be a hoax, I wrote 
to his wife Marjorie and asked if this was so. "It was not a hoax," she 
replied. "What Alf told you was the absolute truth. My friend who was 
with me when Alf came home can verify what he said. He looked ab- 
solutely shaken and he told both of us about his experience that he had 
with the UFO. ... He was just like a man that had seen a miracle happen 
and we knew he was telling the truth because no one could believe 
otherwise if they had heard him and saw him that morning. . . . My 
husband was not a man who believed in fantasies or had hallucinations.

He was down to earth, and you can take it from me that Alf never changed 
his mind on the story of what he had seen and experienced."

But the Ministry of Defense remains unmoved. "I was interested to 
see the report of Mr. Burtoo's alleged encounter," wrote Peter Hucker 
of Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a. "We have no record of corresponding reports 
which might support this story. There was certainly no report submitted 
to us by the MoD police concerning the incident. . . . MoD interest in 
the subject is limited to those sightings which are directly relevant to the 
air defense of the UK. . . . The majority of reports received here are 
. . . often weeks old, and we simply cannot devote public funds to the 
detailed investigation of such sightings when no threat to national defense 
has been demonstrated."15 


THE MoD RELEASES SOME UFO REPORTS 

In 1984 the Ministry of Defense released sixteen of its reports on UFO 
sightings to the British UFO Research Association (BUFORA), due largely 
to the initiative of the now defunct House of Lords UFO Study Group.

Although this was an encouraging step forward, the reports (all of sight- 
ings in Wales) lack crucial information and the final sections containing 
the results of the MoD's investigations have been excised. The MoD had 
previously refused to release such reports, even in truncated form: 
". . . publication would involve much editorial work both to preserve 
the anonymity and privacy of the people who have written to the De- 
partment and also to delete any references to classified subjects. . . . The 
Ministry of Defense has not the resources to undertake this editing at 
present and there is no guarantee that it will be undertaken in the future.''16

However, an MoD spokesman told Martin Bailey of the Observer that 
they were now willing to "consider providing reports on specific incidents 
to serious inquirers." A few more innocuous reports have since been 
released, such as those obtained by one of Britain's leading groups, the 
Yorkshire UFO Society. There is little evidence that these (as well as the 
Welsh reports) were investigated thoroughly, beyond ensuring that no 
defense implications were involved. This, after all, is where the Ministry's 
primary responsibility lies, as they have repeatedly reminded me.

The Ministry's approach is curiously ambivalent. They seem to be 
saying that their main concern is with unidentified flying objects that are 
of a decidedly terrestrial origin, since anomalous UFOs have demonstrated 
no threat. A sighting of Soviet MiG-25 jets reported by civilian witnesses 
over Bognor, for example, would certainly be of considerable interest, 
not to say embarrassment, to the MoD. But is this why they continue to 
monitor the UFO phenomenon? Hardly. The defense of our country would 
be in a sorry state if we had to rely on civilians for sightings of potential 
enemy aircraft. It may have helped in the last war, but it would be of 
little use today. Our radar systems are now so sophisticated that they can 
track incoming aircraft from a distance of 600 miles over the horizon, a 
facility currently being improved to the extent that an aircraft taking off 
thousands of miles from our shores will immediately be detected. In 
addition, radar is linked all over the country by microwave to a large 
computer which can "clean up" unwanted signals such as "ground clut- 
ter" and weather, above or below a selected height band. We also have 
the Ballistic Missile Early Warning System (BMEWS), based at Fyling- 
dales, Yorkshire, operated jointly by the RAF and a detachment of the 
US Strategic Air Command; airborne early warning radar (AWACS), and 
a host of American satellites to warn us of an impending invasion.

It therefore seems obvious that the MoD need to receive sighting reports 
of anomalous UFOs from the public which could be of defense signifi- 
cance. Yet how does one define a defense threat in this context? We 
already have a multitude of reports involving interference with commu- 
nications and power systems, temporary paralysis and physical damage 
(such as the Denise Bishop case), and abductions (Alfred Burtoo, for 
instance). Do these not constitute a defense threat? 


FURTHER QUESTIONS IN THE COMMONS 

On 9 March 1984 Sir Patrick Wall, MP, asked the Secretary of State for 
Defense "how many alleged landings by unidentified flying objects have 
been made in 1980, 1981, 1982 and 1983, respectively; and how many 
have been investigated by his Department's personnel; how many unex- 
plained sightings there have been in 1980, 1981, 1982 and 1983, re- 
spectively; and which of these had been traced by radar and with what 
result."18 John Lee, Defense Under-Secretary for Procurement, replied 
five days later in the House of Commons:

For the years in question, the Ministry of Defense received the following 
numbers of reports of sightings of flying objects which the observer could 
not identify: 350, 600, 250, and 390. Reports of alleged landings are not 
separately identified. The Department was satisfied that none of these 
reports was of any defense significance and, in such cases, does not main- 
tain records of the extent of its investigations.19

John Lee completely ignored the question of radar traces, but six weeks 
later Sir Patrick Wall focused on this issue when he asked the Secretary 
of State for Defense whether there had been any unusual radar traces of 
airborne objects in the Rossendale Valley (Lancashire) area. "No, sir," 
came the written reply. Junior Transport Minister David Mitchell was 
even more abrupt. He answered a mere "No!" to Sir Patrick's written 
request for information on "whether he has received any reports of un- 
authorized landings from the air in the area of the Rossendale Valley. "20 


MULTIPLE-WITNESS POLICE SIGHTING 

When a UFO sighting occurred at Stanmore, Middlesex, on 26 April 
1984, police lost no time in arriving at the scene, perhaps because the 
headquarters of No. 11 Group, Strike Command, was located at nearby 
RAF Bentley Priory.

Terri West was first to spot the object from her home in Belmont Lane 
at about 9:45 p.m. She went to join neighbors Ruth and Bruno Novelli 
half an hour later. "We went out and saw what looked like a star but 
then realized it was changing colors all the time-blue to green to 
pink-and it was moving back and forth. We looked through binoculars 
and it was definitely moving about as it hovered," said Mrs. Novelli.21

Stars are frequently misperceived as UFOs by the untrained observer, 
since atmospheric refraction can produce a sequence of colors-red, blue, 
and green being most often reported. Refraction can also give an illusion 
of movement, as can autokinesis: if you stare at a star without a frame 
of reference (e.g. a nearby building) it will appear to move around slightly, 
due to small involuntary movements of the eye.

In all respects the Stanmore object could so far be explained in these 
terms, but when it emitted a large ball of light which shot toward the 
ground, the by now alarmed witnesses (who had just been joined by 
another neighbor, Gerri Ashworth) telephoned the police at 10:22 p.m.

Mrs. Novelli told me that a team of police officers then turned up at her 
house and together they watched the object for about two hours. "One 
of the officers drew a very explicit diagram of what he saw," she said.22

Police Constable Richard Milthorp reported that the object was initially 
observed at an elevation of about 45°, but after about fifteen minutes it 
moved to the right and slightly higher. It was he who drew the sketch 
of the object, which he described as circular in the middle with a dome 
on top and below. "The dome on top had blue and white flashing lights, 
while the dome underneath was blue, green, white and pink," he said. 
"It was moving erratically up and down and to and fro." A total of eight 
policemen witnessed the mysterious object.23

A Scotland Yard press bureau spokesman confirmed to me that the 
sighting had been reported to the police at 10:22 p.m. and that "a circular 
object which glowed" was visible over the Elstree and Wealdstone area. 
"No aircraft were in the vicinity," he told me. A full report was sent to 
the Ministry of Defense and the Civil Aviation Authority.24 Chief Su- 
perintendent Ronald Poole of Harrow police station stated that he was 
quite satisfied with the validity of the report filed by PCs Richard Milthorp 
and Paul Isles. "They are two normal sensible men who are confident 
they saw a UFO," he affirmed.25

One of the police officers took photographs, but these did not come 
out at all, according to Tim Mahoney, the police area press officer. Mr.

Mahoney also told me that some of the police chased the UFO by car 
for a short distance, but the object was already fading from view by that 
time. I asked if a copy of PC Milthorp's sketch would be released. "It'll 
be submitted to the Ministry of Defense first," he said. "I don't think 
it's for us to release that sort of thing."26

I wrote to the MoD and asked for a copy of the sketch, reminding 
them that there could hardly be any objection since UFOs do not threaten 
national security. "Despite my initial optimism," wrote Peter Hucker of 
AS2, "I am unable to provide this for you. Whilst we in MoD would 
have no objection to its release, this is, essentially, a matter for the 
Metropolitan Police. I have therefore been in touch with the area press 
office who confirm their earlier advice to you that the sketch cannot be 
released. I understand that the constable responsible has been approached 
and has asked that no further publicity be given to this report."27 


CLOSE ENCOUNTERS REPORTED BY POLICE 

While the Stanmore sighting is impressive in terms of the number of 
witnesses, there will always be lingering doubts that the object was a 
conventional helicopter or aircraft seen in unusual circumstances. There 
can be no such doubts about those reports by police officers when strange 
objects are seen at close quarters. Either the witnesses are lying or they 
saw a genuine UFO. There have been dozens of cases reported over the 
years, and I am including a few which have impressed me particularly.

Patricia Grant, an independent and thorough researcher, has inter- 
viewed a woman police constable who claims to have seen a UFO in 
Isfield, near Lewes, Sussex, on a bright day in the early autumn of 1977.

The witness prefers to remain anonymous, partly due to official pressure.

At about 5:20 p.m. on the day in question the policewoman noticed a 
curious, silent object, estimated to be as large as a four-inch plate held 
at arm's length, at no more than 300 feet altitude. A conventional plane 
was immediately ruled out by the witness, who had been fully trained in 
aircraft recognition in the Royal Observer Corps. She felt no fear and on 
impulse waved at the object, which then came closer. It seemed to be of 
a light greenish-gray metal with a moderately reflective surface. On top 
of the dome protruded a blue-green light, and underneath the object could 
be seen a very dense black circular section (see Appendix, p. 457). At 
its closest approach the object was estimated to be no further than fifty 
feet away.

The witness had been waiting at a bus stop during the encounter, and 
when the bus eventually arrived she experienced a numbness, stiffness, 
and lack of coordination in her limbs as she fumbled with change for the 
fare. Stumbling to the top deck, from which she hoped to obtain a better 
view, she discovered that the object was nowhere to be seen. Almost 
immediately after taking her seat she developed an acute headache that 
persisted until the following morning. Other symptoms developed, in- 
cluding thirst and conjunctivitis: her eyes burned and watered for a week 
afterward, and she suffered recurrent gastric disturbances. (A point worth 
mentioning here is that the witness is also a qualified nurse, holding a 
General Nursing Certificate.) Even more peculiar was the sense of "time- 
lessness" experienced by the policewoman during the encounter: as much 
as twenty minutes seem to have been unaccounted for while she waited 
at the bus stop.

Patricia Grant, with whom I have discussed the case at length, is totally 
convinced of the witness's sincerity. Regrettably, no one else saw the 
object, it seems, and like Alfred Burtoo, this was the most frustrating 
aspect of the incident for the witness. Perhaps the most positive devel- 
opment is the fact that she now seldom becomes upset or angry, having 
admitted to having a short temper prior to the incident.28 



Structured UFO Encountered by Three Police Officers 

On a January night in 1978 Sergeant Tony Dodd and Police Constable 
Alan Dale were driving in the vicinity of Cononley, near Skipton, York- 
shire, in their official line of duty, when a strange aerial machine came 
into view. "We were going down a country lane," Sergeant Dodd told 
me, "and you know what it's like up there-it was dark-and the only 
light you've got is your headlights. Suddenly the road in front of us lit 
up. Of course, the immediate reaction is, where's the light coming from?

But it was coming from above. We stopped the car, looked up, and there 
was this thing coming from our right to our left."

The object was about 100 feet away, moving at less than 40 mph. "It 
was glowing; like a bright white incandescent glow, and it came right 
over our heads," the police sergeant recalled. "The whole unit was 
glowing. It was as if the metal of what this thing was made of was white 
hot. And there were these three great spheres underneath, like huge ball 
bearings-three of them equally placed around it. There was a hollow 
area underneath and like a skirting around the bottom, but these things 
protruded below that. 
"It was absolutely awe-inspiring to see it. I don't know how to explain 
it to you-it was such a beautiful-looking thing. It seemed to have port- 
holes round the dome-an elongated domed area. And what stood out 
more than anything else was the colored lights dancing round on the 
outside of the skirt at the bottom . . . which gave the visual impression 
that it was rotating. Now whether the thing was going round, or whether 
it was just the lights that were going round and giving that impression, 
I don't know. I would say it was the lights that were going round because, 
when you were looking at the portholes, they didn't seem to be going 
round in a circle as you would have expected." The object was completely 
soundless. 
"When the thing had passed over our heads it sort of went into the 
distance then suddenly appeared to come down: there's a big wood to 
our left, right on a distant hillside, and it appeared to go down in that 
wood," said Sergeant Dodd, who added that a third police officer had 
seen the object. 
"We carried on along this road and as we got toward the village we 
could see these lights coming toward us from the other direction-it was 
another police car. We stopped, and he said, 'I've just been watching 
this damn great UFO, and it seems to have come right down somewhere 
over here!' "29

The three spheres seen under the craft have been observed in a number 
of incidents, most notably by the much vilified George Adamski, whose 
photographs and film of this type of craft taken in 1952 and 1965 have 
been ridiculed and denounced as hoaxes (see Chapter 15). I have spent 
enough time with Tony Dodd to know that he is completely sincere, and 
the fact that a highly unusual and silent machine was seen by three police 
officers must surely count as compelling evidence in the search for proof 
of UFO reality. 


Police Officer Abducted by UFO? 

Another close encounter case which has impressed me favorably is that 
of PC Alan Godfrey, whom I met in September 1986 following a Central 
Television program on which we both appeared. Godfrey's experience 
occurred on 29 November 1980 shortly after 5:00 in the morning in the 
town of Todmorden, Yorkshire, and a number of other witnesses, in- 
cluding police officers, reported a UFO in the vicinity around the same 
time. This is how Godfrey described his encounter on television:

I was driving a police car at the time, and in the early hours of the morning 
I came across what I thought at that time was a bus that had slid across 
the road sideways. And when I approached the object-I got within about 
twenty yards of it-and immediately I came across what I now would 
describe as a UFO.

It was about twenty feet wide and fourteen feet high [and] was diamond 
shaped. It had a bank of windows in it and the bottom half was rotating.

The police blue beacon was bouncing back off it, as were my headlights.

It was hovering off the ground about five feet. And it was very 
frightening-very frightening.

Jenny Randies describes the encounter in great detail in The Pennine 
UFO Mystery, and reports that Godfrey noticed the bushes and trees 
beside the road shaking, which he presumed to be caused by the object.

Attempts to contact base by radio, using both VHF and UHF, failed, so 
the policeman decided to sketch the object on his clipboard. Then a strange 
thing happened: the next minute he found himself 100 yards further down 
the road and there was no sign of the UFO.

PC Godfrey drove back to the center of town where he picked up a 
colleague, gave him some brief details, then took him to the site, where 
both policemen noticed that the road above which the object had hovered 
was dry in patches, although soaked with rain elsewhere. Returning to 
the police station, Godfrey saw that the time was 5:30 a.m. This he found 
puzzling, since it had seemed to him that less time had elapsed. Later it 
transpired that he had experienced a peculiar time lapse and during several 
hypnotic regression sessions he came out with a bizarre story of having 
been taken on board the craft.30 I have seen the videotapes of these 
sessions, and while the story of his abduction may be woven with strands 
of fantasy from his subconscious mind (Alan himself told me that he 
remains uncertain as to what actually happened to him during the missing 
time period), there is no doubting the very real fear that he relived when 
regressed to the time of the encounter.

Alan Godfrey was asked on television what had happened in the police 
as a result of the story becoming known. "Nothing happened at all for 
about twelve months within the Force," he said. "And then, due to 
publicity at that time being aroused around the case, a lot of pressure 
was put on me not to say anything. I was made to sign documents, I had 
to visit certain places. ... I had to dissociate myself from any person 
that was interested in UFOs." 
"Did you feel that you were maybe the victim of some kind of a cover- 
up?" Godfrey was asked. "Well . . ." he began cautiously, "that's 
Catch-22!" "Well, yes or no?" insisted the interviewer. "Er . . . yes," 
the former policeman admitted reluctantly.31 


HOME OFFICE DIRECTIVE ON UFOS 

In 1982 I interviewed a retired police inspector, who has asked not to be 
identified, in an effort to find out what official instructions the police 
have for reporting sightings of UFOs. "What I can say to you," my 
informant volunteered, "is that the subject itself was the subject of a 
Home Office Directive. The Home Office sends out directives to chief 
constables, or they send a letter, laying down certain procedures to be 
followed in the event of UFOs being sighted."

These directives are then incorporated in the Force Policy Manual, he 
explained. "I saw one of these directives . . . there were certain specified 
telephone numbers . . . monitoring stations in relation to aircraft [the UK 
Warning and Monitoring Service, part of Britain's Civil Defense net- 
work]. . . . We had a set procedure, because there was a time factor as 
to when you could report, because it would be out of range of a tracking 
station . . . they were Air Force stations, which would also have been 
contacted in the event of, say, if you saw an aircraft in distress. So it 
was obviously radar that they were relying on there, and also somebody 
that they were relying on who had control of aircraft in the area." 


BRITAIN'S INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 

The British intelligence community consists primarily of the Secret In- 
telligence Service (SIS or MI6), the Security Service (MI5), the MoD 
Defense Intelligence Staff (DIS), and Government Communications 
Headquarters (GCHQ), which works hand in glove with America's Na- 
tional Security Agency. The three separate service intelligence branches 
(Army, Navy and Air Force) were replaced in 1964 by the Directorate 
of Service Intelligence, although each service maintains responsibility for 
its own intelligence gathering and security. The Defense Intelligence 
Staff, headed by the Director-General of Intelligence, has ninety depart- 
ments, divided into four main branches: (1) Service Intelligence; 
(2) Management and Support of Intelligence; (3) Scientific and Technical 
Intelligence; and (4) Economic Intelligence.32

Widely regarded in Whitehall as the main body for collating and an- 
alysing intelligence reports from all over the world, the Joint Intelligence 
Organisation, which briefs the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC), re- 
ceives intelligence from friendly foreign intelligence services as well as 
British agents. The JIC is served by Current Intelligence Groups (CIGS) 
for daily analysis and an Assessments Staff for long-term intelligence 
estimates. JIC members include the Chief of SIS; the Director-General 
of MI5; the Director of GCHQ; the Deputy Chief of the Defense Intel- 
ligence Staff, and the Coordinator of Intelligence and Security, who 
reports on the JIC's assessments to the Cabinet's most secret intelligence 
committee, the Overseas and Defense Committee, chaired by the Prime 
Minister.33

A former Director and Deputy Chief of the SIS has informed me that 
MI6-Britain's equivalent of the CIA, with whom it liaises closely- 
did not have any interest in the UFO subject while he was in office. "It 
simply wasn't what we call a 'target of opportunity,' " he explained, 
and suggested that "perhaps we leave it to the Americans." That MI6 
is not involved in UFO matters has been corroborated for me by other 
intelligence experts, including Donald McCormick and Nigel West. I can 
find no evidence-thus far-for the involvement of MI5 or GCHQ, 
although it is difficult to disregard the probability that GCHQ has been 
involved in view of its inseparable link with America's NSA, an agency 
that has been keenly interested in UFOs since its inception in 1952, as 
we shall see.

GCHQ, based in two locations in Cheltenham, but with worldwide 
listening posts, has four directorates: (1) Organisation and Establishment, 
(2) SIGINT (Signals Intelligence) Plans, and two operational directorates, 
the largest being (3) SIGINT Operations and Requirements (processing 
and analysis) and (4) Communications Security (COMSEC).34 Like NSA, 
GCHQ specializes in intercepting and decoding communications on a 
worldwide basis, notably diplomatic traffic, military communications, 
radar intelligence (RADINT), and broadcasts. Commercial Telex as well 
as civilian telephone calls do not escape attention, either. According to 
James Rusbridger (ex-MI6), the Foreign Office, through the joint GCHQ/ 
NSA agreement, intercepts and monitors every telephone call entering or 
leaving Britain. These are automatically monitored, he claims, "because 
the computers that operate this system are programmed to search every 
international circuit for particularly sensitive names and numbers."

But we must now turn our attention to the Royal Air Force and its 
intelligence branches, where I have discovered tenuous but intriguing 
evidence for clandestine research into unidentified flying objects.


PER ARDUA AD ASTRA 

Rumors of secret Ministry of Defense research into UFOs have occa- 
sionally surfaced over the years, but nothing of substance has emerged 
since 1957, when it was reliably reported that top secret studies were 
being conducted by the Air Ministry in Northumberland Avenue, London 
i where the Defense Intelligence Staff still carry out intelligence evalua- 
tion). This was corroborated by Gordon Creighton, a former intelligence 
officer who served with the Joint Intelligence Bureau among others, who 
told me that RAF intelligence officers regularly liaised with their Amer- 
ican counterparts as well as the CIA on the UFO problem.

In 1985 I learned that a Birmingham witness who had telephoned the 
MoD in Whitehall one night to report a UFO incident was referred to 
another telephone number. The witness, George Dyer, told me that he 
had phoned the MoD at about 8 p.m. in the summer of 1984 and was 
advised to phone another number "in the West Country" (which he has 
since forgotten). "Well, I won't ring tonight; there won't be anybody 
there," Mr. Dyer told the MoD. "On the contrary," came the response. 
"It's manned all the time."36

I contacted the MoD and asked about this number. "The only twenty- 
four hour number is the number here [in Whitehall]," I was told, "al- 
though often people will report sightings to RAF stations or the po- 
lice. ... I'm not aware of any official research center." So George 
Dyer was misinformed. Or was he?

Shortly afterward I learned from two completely independent sources 
that top secret research into UFOs was carried out by the RAF at a certain 
establishment in Wiltshire. The name of that establishment is RAF Rudloe 
Manor. Situated exactly 100 miles from London in pastoral Wiltshire, 
Rudloe Manor is officially listed as a headquarters of RAF Support Com- 
mand (the main headquarters is at RAF Brampton, Cambridgeshire), as 
well as the headquarters of the Provost and Security Services (UK), 
located in separate facilities. The Provost and Security Services is the 
branch of the RAF that investigates breaches of security in addition to 
regular policing duties. A less-known function of Rudloe Manor is the 
Defense Communication Network (Defense Concepts Staff)38

Perhaps the most relevant function of Rudloe Manor in the UFO context 
is the Flying Complaints Flight, formerly based in Whitehall as part of 
the old S4 unit but now housed at the Provost and Security Service 
Headquarters. As ex-MoD official Ralph Noyes has confirmed, S4 han- 
dled complaints about low-flying infringements, as well as dealing with 
reports of UFO sightings by members of the public. I have therefore 
deduced that the Flying Complaints Flight is used as a cover for the 
"lodger unit" wherein secret research into UFOs is conducted. The dis- 
tinction between low-flying complaints and UFO reports appears to be 
academic.

The UFO research center comprises no more than thirty personnel, I 
am told, and is manned permanently. One of my informants told me that 
Rudloe Manor also serves (or did serve) as a tracking station for UFOs.

In about 1971, for instance, a radar expert employed there tracked an 
unknown aerial object for two days, and there was general agreement 
that nothing on earth could account for the fantastic maneuverability of 
the object.

Finding further evidence for Rudloe Manor's secret research has been 
frustrating, even risky. In April 1985 I was questioned by vigilant MoD 
police while walking around the perimeter of the base. Evidently unsa- 
tisfied with my less than truthful answers, to say nothing of the spurious 
identity I showed, the two policemen came to the Rudloe Park Hotel 
(where I was staying) several hours later while I was in the middle of a 
meal. Afterward I accompanied the officers for further questioning at 
Copenacre, one of the Royal Navy's two facilities in the area. Since by 
this time it was clear that I was in deep trouble, I felt bound to give the 
true reasons for my visit during the half-hour interrogation that ensued.

It was obvious that the MoD personnel were far from convinced about 
my quest for evidence of UFO research, however, and quite reasonably 
suspected me of being a member of the Campaign for Nuclear Disar- 
mament (which I am not), or worse.

I was brought back to the hotel, and after spiritual consolation at the 
bar retired to my room. At around midnight there came a knock on the 
door. This time it was the civil police. Following further questioning and 
a thorough search of my belongings I was driven to Chippenham police 
station, where after a most enjoyable discussion about flying saucers with 
the bemused officers, I was interrogated by a detective constable who 
had come from Swindon. Computer checks having established that I had 
no police record, and having been assured that I had not actually com- 
mitted an offense of any kind, I was let off with a friendly warning to 
exercise greater precaution when walking around military bases in future.

I volunteered the films from my cameras and these were developed, 
printed and returned free of charge to my door by the police some months 
later, nothing of any sensitivity having been found. By the time I arrived 
back at the hotel it was 3:30 a.m. It was a salutary experience.

Ralph Noyes was totally skeptical when I first told him about Rudloe 
Manor and its alleged clandestine research into UFOs. It was the first 
time such a rumor had surfaced as far as he was concerned: not once 
while he was head of DS8 in Whitehall had he heard the place mentioned 
in connection with UFOs. But supposing the lodger unit was only installed 
in 1972, the year Ralph left the MoD? Or had he simply been kept in 
the dark? My informants had made it clear that very few people were in 
the know, after all. We decided to try and find out more.

Late one night in May 1985, in my presence, Ralph telephoned Rudloe 
Manor, giving his name and a few details of his background in the MoD 
to the duty officer. He then explained that he had a perplexing UFO 
sighting to report that had occurred earlier that night in Hertfordshire (in 
tact it had occurred weeks earlier in London), but that before proceeding 
he needed to be absolutely certain that he was phoning the right place. 
"Surely I should be phoning Whitehall?" he asked. "No, sir," replied 
the duty officer, "you've reached the right place." When Ralph had 
finished relating his sighting and put down the phone, his astonishment 
was palpable. Maybe UFO reports were studied at Rudloe Manor, after 
all, he wondered.

Lord Hill-Norton was equally baffled. Certainly no one had ever told 
him anything about secret research into UFOs at Rudloe Manor when he 
was Chief of the Defense Staff. He questioned Lord Trefgarne, Minister 
of State for Defense, on the matter, but was informed that the Flying 
Complaints Flight dealt only with public complaints about low flying and 
had nothing whatsoever to do with the study of unidentified aerial events, 
which AS2 alone were responsible for handling at Whitehall. The MoD 
has consistently denied that any other unit is involved in UFO investi- 
gations, although in late 1986 they admitted to me that DI55 (presumably 
a department of the Defense Intelligence Staff) cooperated with AS2.

Details of DI55's functions are not available at the time of writing.39

Ralph Noyes has pointed out to me that */there is a secret lodger unit 
monitoring UFO reports at Rudloe Manor (or any other establishment), 
the personnel and equipment used would need to be virtually indistin- 
guishable from those used at the parent establishment; would be parented 
for "housekeeping" by the larger establishment in order to assist in 
burying its costs; operationally controlled by its own local director, who 
would report to some higher authority; and commanded by this separate 
authority, which would be firmly screened from having to give any ac- 
count of itself either to the parenting establishment or to its command 
channels. Although there are precedents for making this type of arrange- 
ment (the research into radar in the late 1930s being one example), Ralph 
Noyes points out:

You can't just smuggle a lodger unit with special tasks on to an existing 
establishment without clear instructions being issued down the command 
channels. This means issuing a few documents (though they can be brief, 
cryptic and highly classified), and it also needs clear understandings among 
at least a few senior officers (e.g. at least the Chief of Air Staff, the Vice 
Chief of Air Staff and the C. in C. Strike Command or . . . Support 
Command) so that the inevitable administrative problems can be swiftly 
sorted out with minimum risk of breaching security.40

That Rudloe Manor is involved in UFO research to some extent seems 
borne out by the fact that it functions as a twenty-four-hour receiving 
station for reports from members of the public, although this is denied 
by the MoD. That the Flying Complaints Flight is the receiving point is 
partly proven to my satisfaction by the fact that Ralph Noyes was advised 
by the duty officer at Rudloe Manor to address a letter giving further 
details of his sighting to the Flying Complaints Flight. What I am unable 
to prove is that RAF Rudloe Manor functions as a twenty-four-hour top 
secret UFO monitoring and research station (along the lines of Wright- 
Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio), as revealed by my informants. 

The most Lord Hill-Norton has been able to uncover so far about the 
matter is that reports received by Whitehall are referred elsewhere.

The Manual of Air Traffic Services gives precise instructions to air 
traffic controllers in the United Kingdom for the reporting of UFOs (see 
Appendix, p. 458) and states: "The details are to be telephoned imme- 
diately to AIS [Air Information Service] (Military), LATCC [London Air 
Traffic Control Center]. The completed form is to be sent by the origi- 
nating air traffic service unit to the Ministry of Defense" at Whitehall.41

The AIS unit is based at RAF West Drayton, which receives the input 
of all military and civil radar, together with all military and civil flight 
plans (with a few exceptions), so that a continuous and complete picture 
of all activity in British airspace is maintained. It is also to West Drayton 
that the civil police are requested to send reports of UFOs. Whether some, 
or all, of these reports are then routed to Rudloe Manor, I do not know.

A unit that would serve as a useful receiving point for photographs 
and films of UFOs taken by the military would be the Joint Air Recon- 
naissance Intelligence Center (JARIC) at Huntingdon, a combined ser- 
vices unit which receives undeveloped film from military sources-the 
RAF in particular. There is no evidence for this, but it is worth mentioning 
that in the United States pilots who take gun-camera films of UFOs have 
reported that the undeveloped films are usually spirited away to a base 
such as Wright-Patterson AFB. It is reasonable to assume that similar 
arrangements exist in Britain, and that there is close collaboration with 
the US Air Force, CIA, Defense Intelligence Agency, and National Se- 
curity Agency, all of which have a long history of involvement in UFO 
research. Unless, possibly, the Americans have not taken Britain into 
their confidence. My sources inform me otherwise, however, although 
how Lord Hill-Norton, as former Chief of the Defense Staff, remains 
unaware of this collaboration continues to puzzle both of us. 

Dr. Robert Creegan, Professor of Philosophy at the State University 
of New York, has made a number of research trips to Britain and has 
discussed the question of an official cover-up with various involved parties 
on an informal basis. "I did get the impression/' he told me, "that 
'pressure' applied by officials in the United States was a cause (or one 
of the causes) for a British policy of giving so little information vis-a- 
vis the UFO problem."42 Dr. Creegan has also stated: "It was made 
evident to me that the British at that time [1970s] desired to please the 
US establishment. And it was strongly hinted that US officials seemed 
rather excitable about UFO problems and were making frantic efforts to 
suppress public interest ... it was indicated that a panicky US attitude 
was the reason for British silence ... the Ministry had to appease the 
American military-industrial complex and so could not assist one in a 
search for truth." [Emphasis added] He concluded:

UFOs alarm the establishment because, whatever theory is correct, a major 
loss of control is apprehended, associated with reports of objects which 
affect mechanisms of control and which deeply puzzle and confuse both 
the public and many of its would-be leaders. From London to Palo Alto, 
I have registered many signs appearing to indicate that the present is, 
indeed, the dawn of an age of panic. Free and universal access to even 
more puzzling truths is one thing needed, if people are ever again to live 
undismayed. 



PART TWO: AROUND THE WORLD 



=====================================================================
6. FRANCE, ITALY, PORTUGAL AND SPAIN 

I must say that if your listeners could see for themselves the mass of reports 
coming in from the airborne gendarmerie, from the mobile gendarmerie, 
and from the gendarmerie charged with the job of conducting investiga- 
tions, all of which reports are being forwarded by us to the CNES [National 
Center for Space Studies], then they would see that it is all pretty disturbing.

Thus spoke France's Minister of Defense, Monsieur Robert Galley, in 
an interview with Jean-Claude Bourret, broadcast on France-Inter on 21

February 1974, following a wave of sightings in the latter part of 1973 
and early 1974. 

France, with its independent defense policy, has pursued an equally 
independent policy on Objets Volants Non Identifies-OVNI-since the 
early 1950s. In July 1952 a government research committee was set up, 
replaced by a General Staff committee in 1954. French Secretary of State 
for Air, M. M. Catroux, was asked by French MP M. Jean Nocher to 
set up a commission "to study this phenomenon objectively by extracting 
the truth from among the mistakes and possible hoaxes."1

Robert Galley stated in the 1974 broadcast that a department had been 
established in the Ministere des Armees (Ministry of Defense) for the 
purpose of collecting and studying the many reports that were flooding 
in during the great global wave of sightings in 1954. That department 
was based at the headquarters of the French Air Force's Department of 
Research. Galley confirmed that there were "sighting reports from pilots, 
from the commanding personnel of various Air Force centers, with quite 
a lot of details, all of which agree in quite a disturbing manner-all in 
the course of the year 1954."

A curious sequel to the French Minister's interview was that tapes of 
interviews with eminent ufologists (including Gordon Creighton) which 
were to have been broadcast as part of the series were stolen from Jean- 
Claude Bourret's office. Had the Minister's positive statements gone 
too far? 


POLICE AND SECURITY SERVICES ALERTED BY LANDING, 1954 

During the 1954 UFO wave there were many reports of landed craft 
complete with occupants, and one of the most impressive cases is that 
of Marius Dewilde, of which I shall give only brief details, as related by 
the great pioneer Aime Michel. On 10 September at about 10:30 p.m.

Dewilde was alerted by the sound of his dog howling and trying to get 
inside his house near Quarouble. He took his flashlight and saw outside:

Two creatures such as I had never seen before were not more than three 
or four yards from me. . . . The one in front turned toward me. The beam 
of my light caught a reflection from glass or metal where his face should 
have been. I had the distinct impression that his head was enclosed in a 
diver's helmet. In fact, both creatures were dressed in one-piece outfits 
like the suits divers wear. They were very short, probably less than three 
and a half feet tall, but very wide in the shoulders, and the helmets 
protecting their "heads" looked enormous. I could see their legs, small 
in proportion to their height, it seemed to me, but on the other hand I 
couldn't see any arms. I don't know whether they had any.

Dewilde tried to get hold of the entities, but when he was six feet 
away he was blinded by an extremely powerful light emitting from a sort 
of square opening in a dark object resting on the nearby railway tracks. 
"I closed my eyes and tried to yell, but I couldn't," he reported. "It 
was just as if I had been paralyzed. I tried to move, but my legs wouldn't 
obey me." Finally the beam of light went out and Dewilde found himself 
able to move again and ran toward the railway track. The object was 
rising from the ground and hovering, and a "thick dark steam was coming 
out of the bottom with a low whistling sound." The craft went up ver- 
tically and eventually disappeared.

Having woken up his wife and a neighbor, Dewilde then ran to the 
nearest police station, about a mile away. As Michel reports, the witness 
was in such a state of agitation that the police took him for a lunatic and 
dismissed him. He then ran to the police commissioner's office where 
his report was taken more seriously.3

The investigation which followed involved the airborne gendarmerie, 
the mobile gendarmerie, and the Direction de la Surveillance du 
Territoire-or DST-France's equivalent of the British MI5 or the Amer- 
ican FBI. Many years later Aime Michel revealed to Gordon Creighton 
that the DST had calculated that the indentations made by the object 
indicated that it must have weighed at least thirty-five tons.4 


HUGE UFO OBSERVED AND TRACKED OVER PARIS, 1956 

At 10:50 p.m. on 19 February 1956 air traffic controllers at Orly Airport, 
Paris, were astonished to see a "blip" appear on their radar screens that 
was twice the size of a conventional aircraft. It appeared to cruise around, 
hover, then accelerate at fantastic speeds, and was tracked for a total of 
four hours. Shortly after it first showed up on radar, the unknown object 
was directly over Gometz-le-Chatel (Seine et Oise), then thirty seconds 
later it was thirty kilometers away, having moved at a speed of 3,600 
kph (nearly 2,500 mph).

A second but smaller blip then appeared, identified as an Air France 
DC-3 Dakota flying over the military base at Les Mureaux at 4,500 
feet-800 feet lower than the UFO. Orly radioed the pilot immediately 
and advised him that unidentified traffic was on his approximate path.

Radio Officer Beaupertuis caught sight of the object through a window.

It was on the starboard side-enormous in size, rather indistinct in outline, 
and lit in some areas with a red glow. Reporting to the French Ministry 
of Civil Aviation later, Captain Desavoi confirmed the sighting and pro- 
vided further details:

For a full thirty seconds we watched the object without being able to decide 
exactly on its size or precise shape. In flight it is virtually impossible to 
estimate distances and dimensions. But of one thing we are certain. It was 
no civil airliner. For it carried none of the navigation lights regulations 
stipulate are a must. I was then warned by Orly that the object had moved 
to my port side, so I turned toward it. But they called to say it had left 
us and was speeding toward Le Bourget. About 10 minutes later control 
called again to say the object was several miles above us. But we couldn't 
see it, nor did we see it again.5 


FRENCH AIR FORCE COMMANDING GENERAL CONFIRMS UFO REALITY 

Neither the DST nor the DGSE (Direction General de Securite Exterieuf) 
have released any documents on their UFO research, to the best of my 
knowledge, since France, like Britain and many other countries, has 
nothing to compare with America's Freedom of Information Act. But a 
few statements by concerned military officers have added weight to the 
growing body of testimony in favor of UFO reality.

General Lionel Max Chassin (1902-70), who rose to the rank of 
Commanding General of the French Air Forces and served as General 
Air Defense Co-ordinator, Allied Air Forces, Central Europe (NATO), 
first became interested in UFOs in 1949 when he began receiving reports 
from pilots. From 1964 until his death in 1970 he acted as president of 
the Groupement a"Etude de Phenomenes Aeriens (GEPA). In 1958 he 
wrote an important preface to Aime Michel's second book, Flying Saucers 
and the Straight-Line Mystery, which began by referring to the various 
types of human response to extraordinary phenomena. Of the skeptic, 

Chassin writes:

Obsessed with the notion of his own omniscience, it enrages him to be 
confronted by phenomena that do not agree with this conviction. Finding 
in his limited armoury no explanation that satisfies him, he chooses to 
doubt rather than himself, and rejects the most obvious facts in order to 
avoid putting his faith to the test. The mistaken pride and anthropocentrism 
that supposedly went out with Copernicus and Galileo make him a peril 
to science, as history abundantly proves. . . . That strange things have 
been seen is now beyond question, and the "psychological" explanations 
seem to have misfired. The number of thoughtful, intelligent, educated 
people in full possession of their faculties who have "seen something" 
and described it grows every day. Doubting Thomases among astronomers, 
engineers, and officials who used to laugh at "saucers" have seen and 
repented. To reject out of hand testimony such as theirs becomes more 
and more presumptuous.

I have alluded elsewhere to the nightmare scenario of nuclear war 
breaking out as a result of UFOs being mistaken for enemy missiles, a 
point taken up by General Chassin: ' 'If we persist in refusing to recognize 
the existence of these unidentified objects, we will end up, one fine day, 
by mistaking them for the guided missiles of an enemy; and the worst 
will be upon us."6

That the world's defense forces have taken measures to deal with this 
contingency since 1958 (and earlier, in some countries), when Chassin 
wrote these words, I am certain of. And in any case, aerial radar cover 
is based on automatic analysis of electromagnetic signals picked up by 
radar, each "blip" being processed through a central computer and re- 
layed to several air defense organizations, thus effectively eliminating 
the danger of subjective interpretation.7 


SECRET SERVICE OFFICER CONFIRMS WORLDWIDE COLLABORATION 

In 1965 George Langelaan, novelist, journalist, and ex-officer of the 
secret service who during World War II was parachuted into France after 
being given a new face with plastic surgery, gave a lecture at Mourenx, 
Landes, during which the subject of UFOs cropped up. Langelaan de- 
clared that the Russian and American secret services had collaborated on 
the problem, and had arrived at the conclusion: "The Flying Saucers 
exist, their source is extraterrestrial, and the future-relatively quite 
soon-should permit confirmation of this statement."8 No such confir- 
mation has been forthcoming at an official level, though in later chapters 
I shall cite tenuous evidence for international collaboration dating back 
to 1955. 


THE VALENSOLE CASE, 1965 

No resume of the French scene, however brief (as mine must necessarily 
be), would be complete without mentioning one of the most thoroughly 
investigated close encounters on record-the famous Valensole case of 
1965.

At about 5:45 a.m. on 1 July, farmer Maurice Masse was in his lavender 
field near Valensole, Basses Alpes, when he heard a strange whistling 
sound. Stepping out from behind a heap of stones he saw an object shaped 
like a rugby football with a cupola on top, about the size of a Renault 
Dauphine car. It was standing on six legs, with a central pivot. Through 
an open doorway he could see two seats, back to back.

Masse at first thought the object was a helicopter or experimental craft, 
but was then surprised to notice what he took to be two eight-year-old 
boys stealing his lavender plants (some of which had been missing). The 
"boys" were less than four feet tall, clad in fairly dark gray-green one- 
piece suits. On seeing Masse approaching them they straightened up, and 
one of them leveled a "tube" at the farmer which immobilized him.

Masse noticed that the two humanoids had large hairless heads, smooth 
white skin, high fleshy cheeks, large eyes that slanted away, pointed 
chins, and mouths without lips. They made a strange gurgling ("gar- 
gouillement") sound from deep within their throats as they communicated 
with each other. "They were looking at me, and must have been making 
fun of me," Masse said in an unofficial statement to Maitre Chautard, a 
local magistrate. "Nevertheless their facial expressions were not ill- 
natured, but very much the reverse." Masse said that in fact he felt a 
great sense of peace exuding from the beings. 

Shortly afterward the humanoids returned to their craft via a sliding 
door. The legs whirled and retracted, and the machine took off. It was 
quarter of an hour before Masse recovered his mobility. The ground where 
the craft had rested was soaked with moisture, although it had not been 
raining, and investigators found strange, geometrically spaced indenta- 
tions. More remarkable was the fact that no lavender plants would grow 
at the landing site until ten years later. 

Four days after the incident Masse suddenly collapsed, seized with an 
irresistible urge to sleep, and would have done so for twenty-four hours 
had not his wife and father woken him up. From his usual five to six 
hours' sleep, Masse found he needed at least ten or twelve, for a period 
of several months. 

All those who investigated the case, including the gendarmerie headed 
by Lieutenant-Colonel Valnet, Maitre Chautard, and the mayor and parish 
priest of Valensole, concluded unanimously that Maurice Masse was 
telling the truth.9 


UFOS AND THE GENDARMERIE NATIONALE 

As Dr. Jean Gilles points out, the French gendarmerie are part of the 
French armed forces and as such are accountable exclusively to the highly 
centralized executive powers: the Attorney General or (in some cases) 
the President.10 In an internal journal, not generally available to members 
of the public, Gendarmerie Capitain Kervendal and the journalist/re- 
searcher Charles Garreau give a resume of the phenomenon, including 
the following significant statement: 

What can we of the gendarmerie do about this business? By virtue of the 
gendarmerie's presence throughout the whole national territory of France, 
by virtue of its knowledge of places and, above all, of people; by virtue 
of the integrity and the intellectual honesty that are characteristic of its 
personnel, and also by virtue of the rapidity with which the gendarmerie 
can be on the spot, they are well placed indeed to serve as a valuable 
auxiliary in the search for truth about the UFOs. . . . Something is going 
on in the skies . . . something that we do not understand. If all the airline 
pilots and Air Force pilots who have seen UFOs-and sometimes chased 
them-have been the victims of hallucinations, then an awful lot of pilots 
should be taken off and forbidden to fly. [Emphasis added] 

In Section II of a questionnaire that indicates which aspects of the 
phenomenon the gendarmerie should concentrate on, the authors empha- 
size that close attention should be paid to the shape of UFOs, effects felt 
by the witnesses (such as tingling sensations), and the behavior of animals 
in the vicinity. In those cases where an animal has died in unusual 
circumstances following a sighting, an autopsy and blood analysis should 
be made, as well as tests for traces of radiation.

Landing cases are thoroughly dealt with in Section III: traces left by 
the craft should be closely examined, and samples of soil, vegetation, 
and roots should be submitted to the nearest agricultural research center.

The level of radioactivity should be measured and recorded at the landing 
site and compared with readings 100 meters away. Great importance is 
attached to aerial photography of the site by helicopter, using infra-red 
film.11

Quite evidently, the Gendarmerie Nationale takes UFOs extremely 
seriously. 


GEPAN 

In 1977 the Groupe d'Etudes Phenomenes Aerospatiaux Non Identifies 
(GEPAN) was established under the auspices of the Centre Nationale 
dEtudes Spatiales (CNES)-France's equivalent of the American space 
agency NASA. GEPAN had a committee of seven scientists, headed by 
Dr. Claude Poher, Director of the Sounding Rockets Division of CNES.

The group was to collaborate with the gendarmerie, and was given access 
to laboratories and scientific centers all over France, as well as other 
agencies around the world. President Giscard d'Estaing took a close 
personal interest in the project.

It all looked very promising at first. For example, in an analysis of 
eleven cases studied in 1978, GEPAN concluded that in as many as nine 
cases a physical phenomenon existed whose origin, propulsion, and mo- 
dus operandi were beyond human knowledge.12 But later that year Dr.

Gilles, Charge de Recherche at the Center for Scientific Research (CNRS), 
attended a GEPAN meeting for private investigation groups at the CNES 
headquarters in Toulouse. He was told during the seven-hour meeting 
that the scientific attaches at GEPAN could only devote 10 percent of 
their time to those cases that were given to them by the gendarmerie.

More significantly, Dr. Gilles discovered that those cases that GEPAN 
did receive had been screened by the highest authority in the Gendarmerie 
Nationale. 

"Those with the very highest 'strangeness/probability' index,'* he 
learned, "do not go to GEPAN at all, but go to certain other bodies 
which are, if we might so term it, of a far less 'obtrusive' nature than 
GEPAN." In short, Dr. Gilles believed that GEPAN was no more than 
a government monitored public relations agency. The real, fundamental 
research on UFOs was done elsewhere. 

Dr. Gilles is convinced that the meeting presaged the demise of GEPAN 
as an effective group. Commented Gordon Creighton: "It seems that 
France's Socio-Communists have indeed just attempted to kill off GE- 
PAN, since, being sensible chaps, they all know that UFOs don't exist 
anyway, and they are indeed convinced that the whole idea of the Center 
was simply a silly private fad of Giscard d'Estaing's." Creighton believes 
that GEPAN "ran into the truth and were stopped." But by whom? 

"Who, in France, is more powerful than the present socialist government 
and the present socialist President?" he asks. "Answer: The French Army 
and the French secret and security services! These, then, are the people 
who have secured the reprieve of GEPAN, because indeed they are the 
people for whom it was created in the first place."13 

GEPAN has on several occasions appeared to be on the brink of 
collapse: at the meeting attended by Dr. Gilles, for instance, Dr. Poher 
announced his resignation and took off on a long cruise around the world.

His place was taken by Alain Esterle, however, and investigations con- 
tinued into those cases passed on to GEPAN by the military. 


THE MASTERS OF SILENCE 

Monsieur Fernand Lagarde, one of France's finest researchers (and editor 
of Lumieres Dans la Nuit) also expressed serious misgivings about the 
state of official research, believing that the "Open Door Policy" seem- 
ingly initiated with the establishment of GEPAN had come to an end.

Lagarde found that his requests for information and documents from 
official sources were blocked at every stage, just as elsewhere in the 
world. "We have now to face the fact that a lid . . . marked secret, has 
come down on all official research," he wrote in 1981. "Sighting reports 
likely to be of interest to us no longer find their way to us." The "Masters 
of Silence"-as he called them-had taken over once more.14 

Another distinguished French researcher who shares this view is the 
astrophysicist Dr. Pierre Guerin of the French Institute of Astrophysics 
and Senior Research Officer in the CNRS. In November 1984 I had the 
pleasure of meeting Dr. Guerin in Paris, and over lunch we discussed 
the cover-up. The demise-or apparent demise-of GEPAN was first on 
the agenda. "It's now limited to only two people," said Dr. Guerin, 
"Monsieur Velasco, the head-he's not even a scientist, he's an engi- 
neer-and his Secretary. That is all!" GEPAN, he confirmed, is under 
the aegis of the CNES, which itself is under the direction of a scientific 
committee which is not well disposed toward the subject. 

One of the main problems, Dr. Guerin explained to me, is that the 
majority of scientists reject UFOs because they simply do not fit into a 
current scientific framework. "In science there is no proof of any phe- 
nomenon if no scientific model for it exists. The observation of the facts 
is not the actual fact! We have the testimonial proof, but not the scientific 
proof. Scientists are not only embarrassed by UFOs: they're furious be- 
cause they don't understand them. There is no possibility of explaining 
them in three-dimensional space-time physics." 

But what about the more reliable reports of actual recovered UFOs? I 
asked, knowing that Dr. Guerin had published some positive statements 
on this controversial aspect of the phenomenon. "Even if there are crashes," 
he replied carefully, "scientists wouldn't understand the propulsion sys- 
tem. The idea that a scientific secret exists is false, I'm certain. I don't 
believe that a small group has material proof, but they do have evidence.

If they had proof, other countries would have learned about it. I am 
completely convinced that nobody has the fundamental explanation.'' 
I then asked him what hypothesis for the origin of UFOs best explained 
the facts. He replied that the extraterrestrial hypothesis, although not 
proven, is the most economic explanation, considering that the evolution 
of life in the universe can lead to other advanced forms of life. 

As Dr. Guerin tucked into his steak, I raised the question of the horrific 
animal mutilations that have proliferated in the United States and else- 
where (including France) since 1967. In these disturbing incidents-and 
there have been thousands-carcasses of animals, usually cattle, have 
been found in remote areas with vital organs missing: eyes, tongues, 
udders, sexual organs and rectal areas removed with surgical precision.

In many cases blood is completely drained from the animal, with no 
traces on the surrounding ground. While satanic cults and natural pred- 
ators have been responsible for some of the mutilations, there have been 
numerous occasions when mysterious helicopters, lights, and UFOs have 
been observed at the scene, whose source has never been identified. "The 
testimonial facts are always doubtful," Dr. Guerin answered, "but the 
material facts, independent of the witnesses-in the case of the 'mutes' 
-are of a superior degree than testimonial evidence." 

Dr. Guerin was somewhat guarded in his answers to my questions.

Scientists are mindful of their reputations, especially when the subject 
of UFOs crops up, and I am sure he was bothered about being misquoted.

But in published articles he has been more forthcoming-courageously so. 
"Unless you are in the know,'* he wrote in 1982, "and are privy at 
the very highest level to the secrets of the military intelligence services 
or to the secrets of the heads of state to whom those military intelligences 
report (?)... nobody is capable of knowing for certain whether, yes or 
no, there do exist material, concrete (and therefore irrefutable) proofs of 
UFOs as such."" Dr. Guerin went on to admit that the stories of recovered 
UFOs "have the ring of truth about them. . . . But the material proofs 
alleged to exist remain concealed by the authorities, who are the sole 
possessors of them." 

As to material proof for UFOs, Dr. Guerin is certain that the mutilation 
cases provide such proof. Dismissing official explanations and pointing 
out the worldwide nature of the incidents, Dr. Guerin notes that the 
incisions and excisions of organs on the animals' carcasses prove the 
existence of an ultra-sophisticated surgical skill, surpassing present-day 
capabilities; a fact confirmed by those private veterinarians who have 
examined the carcasses. He concludes: 

Rather than invoking I know not what imaginary and gratuitous "para- 
normal" manifestation to explain these facts (as certainly all too many 
ufologists of the "New Wave" will want to do or even I know not what 
secret world organization of initiates dwelling clandestinely amongst us), 
I prefer, for my part, to apply Occam's Law in the interpretation of what 
we observe, and, consequently, to conclude that the animal mutilations, 
associated as they are with the passage overhead of flights of silent machines 
coming from the skies and impossible as they are for us to perform in the 
present state of our surgical techniques, cannot be anything else but a 
manifestation of the activities of extraterrestrial visitors.

The astronomer, in referring to the official FBI report which attributes 
all the mutilations to natural predators (such as coyotes), is unequivocal 
in his indictment: "Here we have . . . an indubitable proof of the wilful 
and conscious intention of the American authorities to deceive public 
opinion over UFO phenomena," he states. "The US government agents 
who are talking about coyote bites to account for the animal mutilations 
are lying and are lying knowingly, in obedience obviously to orders 
received from above." 

In discussing the reasons for the cover-up, Dr. Guerin offers the fol- 
lowing hypothesis:

To the extent that the discovery of the presence of a hyper-sophisticated 
non-human technological activity within our Terrestrial Space could not 
possibly be regarded with indifference by those who have the task of 
governing the world, these latter will attempt to exploit, each party for 
themselves, any data that is in their possession, while at the same time 
publicly denying that they have such data, [and] publicly suffocating all 
ufological research in a haze of "psychological" interpretations! That is 
not to say that the "Invaders" may not be engaged in a pretty bit of 
suffocation of the subject themselves.I5 [Original emphasis] 


GEPAN REVIVED? 

Despite rumors of GEPAN's demise the organization continues, albeit 
on a limited scale. In 1983 the Minister of Defense, Monsieur Charles 
Hernu, decided that GEPAN's research should continue, under the di- 
rection of two engineers of the National Center for Space Studies. Some 
of the results have been highly significant, as Dr. Guerin concedes. 

A sixty-six-page internal memorandum submitted by GEPAN to CNES 
in March 1983 deals with a landing case that occurred near Nice (on 8

January 1981). Various laboratories independently analyzed samples taken 
from the site and discovered anomalies in the soil; these anomalies de- 
creased in direct proportions to the distance from the spot where the 
object had landed.16 

Another case investigated by GEPAN yielded even more impressive 
results. A farmworker in the Department of Gard in southern France 
heard a slight whistling sound, looked up and saw "a strange machine 
coming down very fast. It was not spinning and there were no flames or 
smoke." The object was about thirteen feet in diameter, eight feet high 
and shaped like two inverted soup plates of unequal size, joined together 
by a projecting rim. After touching down briefly the craft took off at 
fantastic speed. 

GEPAN found that plant life had mysteriously changed at the site.

Although it was summer when the incident took place, it was as if autumn 
had arrived overnight. Analysis carried out by four separate laboratories 
produced surprising results: chlorophyll and other substances in the plants 
had been reduced by between thirty and fifty percent. Furthermore, anal- 
ysis of soil samples indicated that an extremely heavy object had scraped 
along the ground, leaving evidence of both thermic and mechanical ef- 
fects, as well as possible "combustion" residue. 

Concluded GEPAN's Alain Esterle: "We are in the presence of traces 
for which there is no satisfactory explanation and we can find no reason 
to suspect that the eyewitness is deliberately lying. For the first time we 
found a combination of factors which leads us to accept that something 
similar to what the eyewitness described actually did happen."17

In spite of these encouraging developments, doubts have continued to 
be raised about GEPAN's true function. In 1983 Dr. Jean-Pierre Petit of 
the National Center for Scientific Research was told by the head of 
GEPAN, Jean-Jacques Velasco: "We are collecting UFO reports, but we 
don't know what to do with them. Once a case has been investigated, 
we publish a note on it, and that is that. We have no scientific structure 
behind GEPAN." 

Dr. Petit goes on to say that during a meeting in Paris, organized by 
France-Inter on 12 June 1984, with GEPAN representatives as well as 
fifty-five journalists present, the CNES public relations officer Monsieur 
Metzle made a curious admission. "In 1977," he is reported to have 
said, "/> was necessary to tranquilizepublic opinion concerning the UFO 
phenomenon. And it was in that spirit that GEPAN was created.' 

More recently, Jean-Jacques Velasco announced that GEPAN has col- 
laborated closely with the gendarmerie to log about 1,600 UFO reports 
(up to 1985). While the majority have been explained as natural phe- 
nomena or aircraft, Velasco emphasized that as many as thirty-eight 
percent do not fall into this category19-a high percentage of unknowns 
by any standards. 

What is France's official position on these unexplained sightings, and 
is there any evidence that some UFOs are extraterrestrial in origin? An- 
swers to these questions were given to me in 1986 by the Air Attache at 
the French Embassy in London. "Despite the [fact that] UFO flights are 
still forbidden over France," he explained, "the trespassers are generally 
reported to the gendarmerie. As mentioned by Mr. Galley, our previous 
Minister of Defense, all inquiries are then centralized in a department of 
the Centre Nationale d'Etudes Spatiales for study."20 

But what about the unexplained sightings? I insisted. Does the Air 
Force believe-like the air forces of some smaller countries such as 
Zimbabwe-that these relate to extraterrestrial civilizations? The Air 
Attache was unimpressed. "So far," he told me, "the French Air Force 
is not concerned by this problem and no Air Staff generals are named 
for quotations about it. Perhaps the French sky is more cloudy than 
Zimbabwe's."21 

Evidently the Air Attache was unaware that General Chassin, former 
Commanding General of the French Air Force, had made some positive 
statements on the subject back in the 1950s. And to those already cited 
I would like to conclude with the following, made in 1961:

We must become dedicated, then, in our zeal that the conspiracy of silence 
may not suppress news of phenomena of the highest importance, with 
consequences which may be incalculable for the whole human race. . . .

Undoubtedly the day will come, whatever we do, when the truth will break 
in upon us. But we risk being taken by surprise. . . . We should begin a 
great crusade of common sense in order to avoid what could be very 
dangerous. We invite all earthmen to join it who will not allow themselves 
to be blinded by orthodoxy and who desire above everything to see the 
truth triumphant.22 


UFO FLEETS OVER ROME, 1954 

Critics who wonder why UFOs never appear over large cities in full view 
of thousands of witnesses would do well to consider the events that took 
place over Rome in November 1954, following a wave of sightings in 
Italy. The Italian diplomat Dr. Alberto Perego was among a crowd of 
about a hundred people near the Church of Santa Maria Maggiore on 30

October who stood and gazed upward in astonishment as two "white 
dots" moved around the sky in complete silence at a height of about 
2,000 meters. Was this some new kind of aircraft? Dr. Perego wondered.

The critic will not be impressed with this sighting-and with good 
reason-but the events of November 1954 are harder to explain in con- 
ventional terms. Once again, Dr. Perego was witness to a series of aerial 
displays that left him and thousands of others in no doubt that something 
quite extraordinary was taking place in the skies above Rome.

On 6 November Dr. Perego was in the Tuscolano district when the 
"white dots" appeared, but this time there were dozens of them. "Today, 
between 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.," he noted at the time, "the sky of 
Rome has been crossed by several dozens of flying machines traveling 
at a height of around 7,000 or 8,000 meters. They were moving at variable 
speeds, which at times seemed to be as high as 1,200 or 1,400 km per 
hour. The machines appeared like * white dots,' sometimes with a short 
white trail. 

"At first I calculated that there were about fifty of them, but later I 
realized that there were at least one hundred. Sometimes they were iso- 
lated, sometimes in pairs, or in threes or fours or sevens or twelves.

Frequently they were in diamond or 'lozenge' formations of four, or in 
'V formations of seven." 

At noon, Dr. Perego reported, a large formation of twenty objects 
appeared from the east, followed by another twenty coming from the 
opposite direction. "The two 'V shaped squadrons converged rapidly 
until the vertices of the two * W met, thus forming a perfect 'St. An- 
drew's Cross' of forty machines, with ten to each bar." The convergence 
seemed to occur at a height of about 7,000 or 8,000 meters over the 
Trastevere-Monte Mario district of Rome-right over the Vatican City.

The entire "cross" then performed a three-quarter turn on its axis, be- 
coming more of an "X" shape, then broke off into two separate curves 
which moved off in opposite directions. The performance had lasted about 
three minutes, Dr. Perego noted. But the show was not over. 
"As I watched, I saw what appeared like a large bluish shadow forming 
in the sky ten minutes later and realized that it was a fresh concentration 
building up as, in formations and squadrons of four and seven and twelve, 
they began to reappear. This time I was able to make a better count, and 
could see that they totaled at least one hundred. This time the concen- 
tration was in another part of the sky, and not directly above the Vatican."

Dr. Perego then noticed what appeared to be a shining filament-type 
material coming out of the sky, the substance that has subsequently been 
nicknamed "angel hair,", reported by witnesses throughout the world. 
"I was able to seize a handful of it," he said. "It looked like the fine 
twigs and filaments of a Christmas tree, but thinner, and very long. It 
was not like the filaments used in the last war by the US bombers to 
disturb the enemy radar [chaff]. It was not tinfoil, but rather a 'glassy' 
sort of substance, which evaporated completely in a few hours."
 
The following day, 7 November, not a word appeared in the news- 
papers. Dr. Perego's inquiries at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs drew a 
blank: they knew nothing about the sightings. At 11:30 a.m., returning 
to the Tuscolano district, Perego was astonished to see further formations 
of objects, totaling about fifty, which remained in the sky for two-and- 
a-half hours. "The squadrons would always arrive from different direc- 
tions," he recalled, "and always in regular formations. . . . They would 
fly away over the country around Rome, and return in formation ten 
minutes later for the next 'concentration.' " 

Yet again, the strange "angel hair" descended over Rome, which 
thousands of people must have witnessed. But there was still no word 
from the press, apart from a report in // Messagero that in England RAF 
radar had detected squadrons of mysterious objects on 6 November. "At 
the British War Office, they are concerned," concluded the report. But 
not, it seems, in the Italian War Office.

The next day Dr. Perego called on Air Force General Pezzi, Chief of 
the Cabinet of the Ministry of Defense. "He received me very cour- 
teously," said Perego, "but he said he knew nothing whatever about the 
events I described. I read my notes to him, and asked him to report the 
matter to the Minister of Defense." 

On 10 November Dr. Perego was received by the Principal Secretary 
of Foreign Affairs, but drew a blank once more. He knew nothing about 
the matter, and was surprised that the military authorities had made no 
report to him. The reason became apparent the following day when Perego 
visited General de Vincenti, Commander of the Italian Air Force, who 
explained that since radar operated over certain fixed zones, at certain 
times, and only up to 6-7,000 meters, nothing had been tracked.

When the mysterious objects made yet another appearance over Rome, 
on 12 November (again in the morning), Dr. Perego immediately con- 
tacted General de Vincenti at Air Defense Headquarters, who said that 
orders had been issued for observations to be made. Although no official 
confirmation from military sources was forthcoming, Perego paid a visit 
to the Vatican Observatory at Castel Gandolfo near Rome and learned 
that a Brazilian priest on duty at about 11:00 a.m. had seen some strange 
objects pass twice over the Observatory, very low and at terrific speed, 
in complete silence.

It was two years before Dr. Perego came to accept the fact that what 
he and thousands of others witnessed over Rome could only have been 
the manifestation of an extraterrestrial intelligence, a revelation that in- 
spired him to become a leading champion of Dischi Volanti (Flying 
Saucers).23 


LANDING AT ISTRANA AIR BASE.

Istrana Air Base, thirty kilometers northwest of Venice, was allegedly 
the scene of a UFO landing-complete with occupants-on an evening 
in mid-November 1973. According to a newspaper account, two sentries 
at a lookout post on the perimeter of the base saw two beings dressed in 
white, about 1.5 meters tall. A little further away could be seen an 
unidentified craft.

After the occupants disappeared in their craft, the sentries immediately 
reported the incident. Marks were found at the landing site, the Veneto 
Notte claimed, and commented: "The authorities in charge of the Istrana 
military air base have classified the matter as top secret, and nobody is 
at present prepared to admit that it occurred."24

The story is lacking in details, but I have included it because so many 
similar incidents have taken place at military bases throughout the world; 
incidents that are invariably shrouded in a cloak of secrecy immediately 
afterward.


UFO BLACKS OUT NATO BASE AT AVIANO, 1977 

The important NATO base at Aviano, northeast Italy, was the scene of 
a dramatic UFO sighting in the small hours of 1 July 1977. At 3:00 a.m.

an American soldier, James Blake, noticed a peculiar large bright light 
hovering at a height of about 100 meters in the "Victor Alert Zone," 
where two military aircraft were kept. According to Antonio Chiumiento, 
who learned of the incident from a number of sources, including an Italian 
Air Force NCO, the object was seen by many military personnel. About 
fifty meters in diameter it resembled a spinning top revolving on its own 
axis, with a dome on top, changing colors from white to green then red.

A noise like a swarm of bees in flight could be heard. The object remained 
over the base for about an hour, causing a massive power blackout.

One of the independent witnesses was Signor Benito Manfre, a night 
watchman living at Castello d'Aviano, one and a half kilometers away.

Alerted by the incessant barking of his dog in the middle of the night, 
he went out on to the veranda and noticed that the NATO base was in 
total darkness, something that he had never seen before. "What partic- 
ularly aroused my attention," he said, "was the presence of a 'mass' of 
stationary light low down over a certain spot on the base itself."

Signor Manfre tried to persuade his wife to come and join him, but 
she was too tired, so he remained alone, transfixed by the object, which 
he described as a "glowing disk." After five minutes or so the object 
slowly moved away from the "Victor Alert Zone" and then noiselessly 
climbed away beyond the mountains near Aviano. "Ten seconds or so 
after the mysterious object had left the base," said the night watchman, 
"the base's lights came on again. I must add that my dog only stopped 
barking when the luminous 'disk' had left the area . . . about half an 
hour later I was able to note a certain amount of movement of vehicles 
of the American Military Police." 

Although nothing about the episode was made public, it was the subject 
of intense speculation in Aviano. Predictably, the story was debunked 
by the military, and the official explanation was that "the phenomenon 
must be attributed to a reflection of the moon on some low clouds."

Just how the moon could have descended to an altitude of 100 meters, 
appeared to have a diameter of 50 meters, and caused a major security 
alert (NATO's Brussels headquarters was informed) as it blacked out the 
entire base, was of course left unexplained. And as Antonio Chiumiento 
emphasizes, the minimum temperature in the particular area was too high 
in relation to the percentage of humidity to allow for cloud formation at 
that altitude-nor was the moon in the right place.25 


MINISTRY OF DEFENSE RELEASES FILE 

In March 1978 the Italian Ministry of Defense released a file containing 
details of six unclassified reports by military personnel in 1977. One of 
the cases involved the sighting by two pilots of a "luminous circle" on 
27 October over the military airfield at Cagliari, Sardinia, which had 
been tracked by other witnesses, including personnel at the control tower 
at Elmas. A jet was sent up to investigate but was unable to intercept 
the object.

The principal witnesses were Major Francesco Zoppi, chief pilot of 
the Orsa Maggiore Squadron of the Italian Army Light Aircraft Corps 
(ALE) 21st Helicopter Group, together with his co-pilot Lieutenant Ric- 
cardelli. In a statement published before the Ministry released the file on 
the case, the pilots described their experience: 

We had taken off in the helicopters for a normal training flight when, at 
a distance of about 300 meters, I saw, in front of me, an extremely bright 
orange-colored circle ... we at once contacted the control tower [who] 
replied that nothing was visible from the ground. Meanwhile, the fiery 
circle continued to be there, right in front of us, and moving at a speed 
almost identical to our own. Then I asked the other two helicopters of our 
squadron whether they could see it. One said they could, and that they 
were seeing the same thing as we were, while the third helicopter, piloted 
by Captain Romolo Romani, replied that they saw nothing.

The luminous circle then vanished at a speed impossible for any aircraft 
of this world to equal. I called the control tower again, and was informed 
that in the meantime other people had seen it and had been following it 
with binoculars. But the radar had detected nothing.26 

On 5 January 1978 the Ministry of Defense explained that what had been 
seen was nothing more than "an aircraft operating out of Sardinia in the 
course of an ordinary flight mission" which the pilots had failed to 
recognize "owing to particular weather conditions during twilight."

Another case released by the Ministry-which had not received any 
publicity beforehand-also occurred in the vicinity of the Elmas air base.

On 2 November 1977 Italian Air Force pilots and the pilots of two German 
Air Force F-104G Starfighters, as well as the personnel at the Elmas 
control tower, observed a similar circular or elliptical' 'ball of fire" flying 
at tremendous speed. These reports were included in the file released to 
the Italian National UFO Research Center and another group, but inad- 
vertently a copy was sent to a group consisting of two teenagers, who 
promptly and irresponsibly handed it over to the press, creating consid- 
erable embarrassment for the Ministry, who were obliged once again to 
discredit the Elmas sightings.


CLOSE ENCOUNTER NEAR MOUNT ETNA, 1978 

Close encounter cases involving reports of UFO occupants seen by a 
group of people rather than a single witness are comparatively rare, and 
although this does not automatically rule out hoax or mass delusion, such 
cases obviously carry more weight. On the night of 4 July 1978 at about 
10:30 p.m., two Italian Air Force sergeants, Franco Padellero and Attilio 
di Salvatore, together with Maurizio Esposito, an Italian Navy officer, 
and Signora Antonina di Pietro, were off duty near Mount Etna, Sicily, 
when they noticed a triangle of three bright red lights in the sky which 
seemed to be pulsating. All of a sudden one of the lights detached itself, 
headed toward the group, then disappeared down a slope about 1,000 
feet away.

The group decided to investigate and drove in di Salvatore's car to 
where the light seemed to have landed. As they rounded a bend they 
noticed a dazzling light coming from a dip at the side of the road. Stopping 
the car they went and looked over the edge.

Resting near a rocky precipice on the slope below was a saucer-shaped 
object about forty feet across, with a brilliant yellow (illuminated) dome.

The rest of the object was of a reddish hue with blue and red lights on 
top. By the side of the craft were five or six very tall beings, according 
to the report, with black overall-type tight-fitting suits and blond hair.

Their features were described as human and "beautiful."

Two of the beings began climbing up the slope toward the witnesses, 
who by now found themselves immobilized by an unknown force. The 
beings smiled as they came to within about fifteen feet of the group, then 
one of them nodded toward the saucer and they both climbed back down 
the slope.

The saucer now began to glow with multicolored tiny points of light; 
yellow, red and blue predominating, but when a car went by all the lights 
went out, only brightening again when the car had passed. The witnesses 
recovered their mobility shortly afterward, then drove away without wait- 
ing to see the object depart. All four felt drained of energy for some time 
after the incident.28 

Such stories do not provide proof of extraterrestrial visitors, yet there 
are intriguing aspects of the case that have been corroborated elsewhere, 
and witnesses have little to gain by hoaxing-particularly if they are in 
the military.


PORTUGUESE AIR FORCE JETS IN FORTY-MINUTE UFO ENCOUNTER, 1957 

On the night of 4 September 1957 a flight of four US-built F-84 Thun- 
derjets took off from Ota Air Base, Portugal, on a routine practice nav- 
igation mission. It was a clear night with an almost full moon, and the 
air to ground visibility reported in flight was well over fifty statute miles.

The pilots were Captain Jose Lemos Ferreira, the flight commander, 
Sergeant Alberto Gomes Covas, Sergeant Manuel Neves Marcelino and 
Sergeant Salvador Alberto Oliveira. Captain Ferreira takes up the story:

After we reached Granada, at 2006 hours, and started a port turn to change 
course to Portalegre I noticed on my left and above the horizon a very 
unusual source of light. . . after three or four minutes I decided to report 
it to the other pilots. At that time the pilot flying on my right wing told 
me he had already noticed it. The other two pilots flying on my left wing 
had not yet seen it. Together we started exchanging comments over the 
radio about our discovery and we tried several solutions but none seemed 
to be a reasonable explanation for the thing we were observing at the 
moment. The thing looked like a very bright star unusually big and scin- 
tillating, with a colored nucleus which changed color constantly, going 
from deep green to blue to passing through yellowish and reddish color- 
ations. 

The pilots dismissed the possibility that the object could have been 
either Venus or another planet or star, or a balloon or aircraft. Captain 
Ferreira continued: 

All of a sudden the thing grew very rapidly, assuming five or six times 
its initial volume, becoming quite a spectacle to see . . . [then] fast as it 
had grown, [it] decided to shrink, almost disappearing on the horizon, 
becoming a just visible, small, yellow point. These expansions and con- 
tractions happened several times, but without becoming periodic and al- 
ways having a pause, longer or shorter, before modifying volume. The 
relative position between us and the thing was still the same, that is about 
40° on our left, and we could not determine if the changing dimensions 
were due to very fast approaches and retreats on the same vector or if the 
modifying took place stationary. . . . After about seven or eight minutes 
of this the thing had been gradually getting down below the horizon and 
dislocated itself for a position about 90° to our left. ... At 2038 hours I 
decided to abandon the mission and to make a port turn in the general 
direction of Coruche since nobody was paying any attention to the exercise.

We turned about 50° to port but still the thing maintained its position of 
90° to our left which could not be possible with a stationary object.

By now the phenomenon was well below our level of 25,000 feet and 
apparently quite near, presenting a bright red and looking like a curved 
hell of beans at an arm's length. After several minutes on our new course 
we discovered a small circle of yellow light apparently coming out of the 
thing and before our surprise elapsed we detected three other identical 
circles on the right of the thing. The whole was moving with their relative 
positions changing constantly and sometimes very rapidly. Still we could 
not estimate the distance between us and them, although they were below 
us and apparently very near. In any case the big "thing" looked ten to 
fifteen times greater than the yellow circles and apparently was the director 
of operations since the others were moving around it.

As we were near Coruche the "big thing" suddenly and very rapidly 
made what looked like a dive, followed up by a climb in our direction.

Then everybody went wild and almost broke formation in the process of 
crossing over and ahead of the UFO. We were all very excited and I had 
a hard time to calm things down. As soon as we crossed over everything 
disappeared in a few seconds and later we landed without further incident.

Since the first moment we detected the UFO to the final show a registered 
time of forty minutes had elapsed, and during it we had ample opportunity 
to verify every possible explanation for the phenomenon. We got no con- 
clusions, except that after this do not give us the old routine of Venus, 
balloons, aircraft and the like which has been given as a general panacea 
for almost every case of UFOs. [Emphasis added] 

At the same time that the pilots had their encounter, the Coimbra 
Meteorological Observatory registered extraordinary localized variations 
in the earth's magnetic field, as proven by charts at that establishment.29 


SPANISH AIR FORCE JETS ENCOUNTER UFOS, 1967 

On 9 June 1967 a Spanish Air Force Lockheed T-33 encountered an 
unidentified object over the province of Extremadura, while flying at an 
altitude of 1,200 meters. Attempts to contact the object failed; in fact, 
when directly above or below the object, the plane's radios ceased to 
function and emitted nothing but static.

The object alternately moved ahead of the jet, hovered as if waiting 
for it to catch up, then moved away again. The pilots notified their base 
at Talavera-Badajoz and two faster planes were sent up from the base at 
Torrejon. According to one of Europe's leading researchers, Antonio 
Ribera, these aircraft also experienced the same radio interference when 
in the vicinity of the object, which once again performed similar ma- 
neuvers before disappearing vertically at fantastic speed.


UFO ELUDES AIR FORCE JET, 1968 

My first sighting of a UFO took place on the evening of 1 August 1963, 
when together with other witnesses I observed a bright star-like object 
over Beckenham. Through binoculars the stationary object looked tetra- 
hedral in shape, of a translucent or glass-like appearance. I learned that 
thousands of people in London and the home counties had seen the object; 
that a US Air Force F-100 Super Sabre from RAF/USAF Bentwaters and 
another plane from the De Havilland Aircraft Company had been sent up 
to investigate but were unable to get anywhere near, owing to its great 
altitude (at least 90,000 feet); and that an amateur astronomer from Bushey 
in Hertfordshire took a clear photo.

The official explanation that the object was a balloon has failed to 
satisfy me, not least because identical objects seen and photographed 
elsewhere in Europe in the 1960s have never been positively identified.

One such "balloon" was seen by thousands over Madrid on 5 September 
1968, as this dramatic report by Barry James the following day describes:

Madrid (UPI)-The Spanish Air Force said Friday an "unidentified flying 
object" eluded one of its supersonic jet fighter-bombers as a rash of flying 
saucer reports spread from Latin America to Europe.

The sighting of a bright object in the night sky Thursday over Madrid 
caused a monumental traffic jam and sent the US-built F-104 jet scrambling 
to find out what it was.

An official Air Force announcement said the pilot climbed to an altitude 
of more than 50,000 feet and reported the object was still above him when 
he had to return to base for fuel. The pilot of another plane flying at 36,000 
feet reported seeing the same object.

Air Force radar screens tracked the UFO and said it was flying at 90,000 
feet and moving slowly.

Thousands of Spaniards jammed the streets of Madrid to get a look at 
the object, and traffic backed up for miles.

One reporter, sent to the Madrid Astronomical Observatory for a look 
through its powerful telescope, said the object gave off "a blinding light."

A photo taken through the telescope revealed a triangular object, apparently 
solid on one side and translucent in some sections.

The official Air Force announcement said it had no scientific explanation 
for the phenomenon but theorized that the object might have been a me- 
teorological balloon.

The Madrid Weather Bureau said it had no lost balloons and offered 
the theory that the object was part of a space satellite returning to earth.

Could it have been a balloon? Philip Klass, former senior avionics 
editor of Aviation Week & Space Technology and America's leading UFO 
debunker, has told me that he believes the tetrahedral objects were of 
French rather than extraterrestrial origin, made in Toulouse for the Na- 
tional Center of Space Studies (CNES), although he has been unable to 
confirm this. Klass explained that these balloons could remain within a 
fifty-mile radius for days on end by radio-controlled ballast adjustments.

Some could maintain "station" (like the objects seen over London and 
Madrid), he believes, but only "within a few tens of miles for a few 
hours" 31
 
It sounds a plausible hypothesis, and may well account for the majority 
of these reports. But there are still question marks. For example, I have 
yet to see an official photo of this type of balloon that looks exactly like 
the tetrahedron "UFOs." I sent a print of the 1963 photo to the Max 
Planck Institute for Aeronomie in Germany, which had launched some 
of the balloons for cosmic ray research in the 1960s. "Our Institute 
launched some from near Gottingen," came the reply, "but I cannot 
confirm that the balloon you observed was indeed launched from here. . . .

At that time many balloons were tetrahedral in shape. They were built 
by a French factory. The volume of these balloons amounted to about 
4.000 to 10.000 m3. Your photo . . . possibly shows a balloon, if you 
turn it by 180°. Then you can also recognize the tetrahedral shape with 
the flat side to the top. . . . These balloons drift with the high altitude 
wind (in August, 10-30 km/h)."32

The object I saw in 1963, however, did not have a flat side to the top.

Jan Willemstyn, the amateur astronomer and former pilot who took the 
best photograph of the object, told me that the base consisted of three 
triangles with a common apex, the bases of the triangles forming a tri- 
angular periphery roughly equilateral. At the top apex he observed a rod- 
like extension with several transverse members-a detail confirmed by 
the pianist John Bingham, living near me at the time, through his reflector 
telescope. Jan Willemstyn said that the object was stationary in the field 
of view of his four-inch refractor telescope for over two hours-an im- 
possible feat for a balloon.

The 1968 Madrid "balloon" managed to climb to a great altitude when 
pursued by the F-104 Starfighter and then disappeared at great speed, 
according to the official Air Force report as well as the Daily Telegraph 
in London.33 No balloon can do that. Neither would the Air Force scram- 
ble a jet to chase an unidentified object unless they were reasonably 
certain it was not a balloon, although there have been instances when air 
defense centers have mistaken balloons for UFOs.


UFOS AT AIR FORCE TARGET RANGE, 1975 

On the night of 2 January 1975 six military personnel at the Air Force 
bombing and gunnery range at Las Bardenas Reales near the Zaragoza 
Air Base saw two unidentified objects, one of which apparently landed 
or hovered low over the ground for twenty-five minutes, between 11:00 
and 11:25 p.m.

According to the official report (see Appendix, p. 459), the principal 
witness (name deleted) observed the second object through binoculars 
and described it as "shaped like an inverted cup" with white lights on 
the upper and lower parts and intermittent white and amber lights on the 
sides. He was unable to estimate the size precisely, but thought it was 
about that of a truck. When it took off a powerful light on its underside 
illuminated the entire area. No sound could be heard.34

Spanish military authorities of the Third Air Force Region appointed 
an investigating judge to inquire into the incident.35 The official expla- 
nation given at the time was that the soldiers reporting the landing had 
experienced an optical illusion, but the following year the Air Ministry 
released some documents on the case which prove this explanation false.

Concluded the Air Force: "All the witnesses were questioned one by one 
and separately; no contradictions were found; all coincided exactly in 
their descriptions. From their reports could be established the fact that 
... unidentified flying objects flew ... at a low altitude and low speed 
over the ground . . . [then] rapidly ascended and, gaining high speed, 
disappeared in a NW direction." 


AIR FORCE GENERAL CONFIRMS UFO REALITY, 1976 

In June 1976 General Castro, Divisional General commanding the air 
zone of the Canary Islands at the time, granted an interview with La 
Gaceta del Norte during which he announced that UFOs were taken 
extremely seriously at a high level. "As a general, my opinion is the 
same as the Air Ministry," he said, "but in my own personal capacity, 
as Carlos Castro Cavero, I have for some time held the view that UFOs 
are extraterrestrial craft." 

The general said that he had personally witnessed a UFO for more 
than an hour over the town of Sadaba, near Zaragoza. "It was an ex- 
tremely bright object," he recalled, "which remained there stationary 
for that length of time and then shot off toward Egea de los Caballeros, 
covering the distance of twenty kilometers in less than two seconds. No 
human device is capable of such a speed." 

General Castro revealed that the Spanish Air Ministry possessed about 
twenty cases that had been thoroughly investigated by experts and found 
to be completely unexplainable in conventional terms. He added that 
pilots had flown alongside UFOs in aircraft, but when they tried to close 
in the objects moved off at speeds far higher than anything made by man.

Many countries collaborated on research into the subject, he said, and 
when definite conclusions had been arrived at it might then be possible 
to inform the world.36 


SPANISH AIR MINISTRY RELEASES UFO FILES 

In October 1976 Senor Juan Jose Benitez, a reporter for La Gaceta del 
Norte, was invited to the Air Ministry in Madrid where, in the office of 
an Air Force lieutenant general and Chief of Staff, he was handed a file 
containing documentation by the Spanish government on twelve of their 
most outstanding cases. The documents were backed up with photographic 
evidence, including clips of gun-camera film taken by Air Force pilots.

Although it was made clear to Senor Benitez that release of the doc- 
uments was not on an official basis, he was nevertheless given the go- 
ahead to publish the reports.37 "The first twelve files were handed to me 
in person on October 20 1976, in the old Air Ministry building in Madrid," 
said Benitez. "The other two files came to me in the closing weeks of 
1978 and also from the hands of a senior general." Benitez pointed out: 
"When you read and analyze these files, which total almost 300 folio 
pages, it becomes definitely and categorically clear that the UFOs exist 
and, quite evidently, are a matter of the deepest concern to the govern- 
ments of the whole planet."3* [Emphasis added] 

One of the most unusual cases in the Air Ministry files is that of a 
doctor and two other witnesses who encountered a UFO with beings 
inside it on the Grand Canary Islands. The date was 22 June 1976, the 
time 21:27. Dr. Padron Leon was traveling by taxi with Santiago del 
Pino, the son of a sick woman whom he was on his way to treat. It was 
a clear, starry night. Suddenly, rounding a bend, the witnesses were 
startled to see a perfect sphere about sixty meters ahead of them, hovering 
a few meters off the ground. 

"We experienced a terrible feeling of cold," Dr. Leon said in his 
statement to the Air Ministry. "The chauffeur even started trembling- 
especially when the taxi's radio, which had been turned on, suddenly cut 
out." The sphere was transparent "like a gigantic soap bubble" with a 
diameter of a two-story house. Inside could be seen a platform, some 
panels, and two large beings (see Appendix, p. 460). 

"We were astonished at the great size of the beings; maybe 2 meters 
80, or 3.00 meters," said Dr. Leon. "They were wearing black 'divers' 
helmets' and their clothing, which was very tight-fitting, was of a shade 
of red that I have never seen in my life. . . . Their hands seemed to be 
enclosed in by 'cones,' also black. . . . The two beings were facing each 
other, moving their hands about, and operating levers. They were in 
profile to us." What surprised the doctor in particular was the dispro- 
portionate size of the back part of their heads (perhaps due to the helmet?) 
and their relatively short legs.

When the taxi-driver switched on his headlights the sphere began to 
rise. The witnesses then noticed that a bluish "gas" seemed to be coming 
out of a transparent tube, "expanding" the sphere until it was the size 
of a twenty-story building! The beings, panels and platform, however, 
retained their original size. 

"We were terrified," said Dr. Leon, "and we turned the car round 
and went to some nearby houses, and went inside one of them. The 
people there told us that their television had just blacked out." Dr. Leon 
and the others remained in the house and continued watching the object 
through a window. When the sphere had ceased expanding, the "gas" 
or "fluid" that was moving around inside suddenly became motionless, 
there was a high pitched whistle and the object shot off toward Tenerife, 
appearing to change shape to that of a spindle surrounded by a large 
white halo.39 

In commenting on this sighting-and others, including a report that 
night in the Canary Islands from a Spanish Navy vessel-the Air Force 
reporting judge stopped short of offering an extraterrestrial explanation, 
but concluded nonetheless: "If we study jointly the three reports issued 
up to now, Nos. 1/75, 1/76, and 2/76 we would have to face seriously 
the necessity of having to consider the possibility of accepting the hy- 
pothesis that a craft of unknown origin and driven by an energy likewise 
unknown is operating freely in the skies above the Canary Islands.'"40 
[Emphasis added] 


SIGHTINGS FROM AIRCRAFT, 1976-80 

On 19 September 1976 a Portuguese TAP Boeing 707 nearly collided 
with an unidentified object shortly after takeoff from Lisbon, according 
to a newspaper report. The object, described as oval and bright, glowing 
blue with a horizontal row of red and white lights, was also seen by an 
air traffic controller, who said it did not show up on radar.41

Two months later the pilot of an Iberian Airlines Boeing 727 on a 
flight from Santiago de Compostela in northwest Spain to Madrid reported 
an unknown object that accompanied his plane for twenty minutes. The 
sighting was one of many on 19 November 1976, and in this case may 
have been due to a barium cloud experiment released into the upper 
atmosphere by rocket, although Comandante Parreno said the phenom- 
enon was like nothing he had seen in his twenty-five years' flying ex- 
perience.42 

Portuguese Air Force Pilot's Alarming Encounter, 1977 

On 17 June 1977 Jose Francisco Rodrigues, a twenty-three-year-old pilot 
of the Portuguese Air Force 31st Squadron, based at Tancos, had a 
disturbing encounter with a UFO in his Dornier 27 light aircraft. The 
original information on this important story was supplied by Joaquim 
Fernandes, a journalist with the Journal de Noticias, who in turn passed 
it to the Center for UFO Studies, to whom I am indebted for the following 
report.

On the day in question the weather was poor, with intermittent rain 
and a cloud ceiling of less than 3,000 feet. Visibility was about five miles.

Sergeant Rodrigues was flying over the Castelo de Bode dam at around 
noon when suddenly, emerging from the clouds, he saw a dark object 
against a backdrop of white stratocumulus, slightly to the right of his 
plane. Thinking that the object was perhaps a cargo plane he banked to 
the left and immediately radioed to ask if there was any traffic in the 
vicinity. A reply came in the negative.

As the young pilot completed a turn to port, the unknown object 
suddenly appeared at his 11 o'clock position "no more than six meters 
away." It was definitely not a cargo plane. The upper section, partially 
concealed by cloud, was black, and on the lower section there appeared 
to be four or five "panels." The object was approximately thirteen to 
fifteen meters in diameter. Suddenly it accelerated and vanished from 
what the pilot believes was an initial stationary position.

The Dornier began to vibrate violently and went into an uncontrolled 
dive. Struggling to regain control, Sergeant Rodrigues pushed the control 
column forward. Airspeed increased to 140 knots, then 180 knots as the 
ground came nearer. Control was fortunately regained when almost 
"touching the tree tops" and the plane was landed in one piece-with 
a badly shaken pilot. During the encounter the directional electric gy- 
roscope (connected to a magnetic compass) rotated wildly, and by the 
time the plane landed it had deviated by 180° relative to the magnetic 
compass.

Sergeant Jose Vicente Saldanha, the duty controller that day, confirmed 
Rodrigues' radio call and that about a minute later he heard a loud shout.

The base is about five kilometers from the dam above which the incident 
occurred, but owing to hills and poor visibility nothing was seen from 
the tower. However, the pilot spoke with two witnesses (presumably from 
another area of the base) who saw the plane falling in a "dead-leaf" 
pattern, then disappearing from view. They also heard the engine roaring 
as the pilot regained control.

Such was Sergeant Rodrigues' state of shock when he landed that he 
had difficulty speaking. An examination by the base doctor revealed no 
untoward medical cause that might have accounted for his condition, and 
the duty controller felt certain that a simple engine problem would not 
have upset the pilot to such a degree. Nor could any fault be found with 
the engine. 

The Portuguese Air Force Chief of Staff eventually (and reluctantly) 
allowed veteran researchers Jose Garrido and Vitor Santos to interview 
both the pilot and controller. Their conclusions were as follows:

As Sergeant Rodrigues completed his 315° turn . . . with a large radius, 
the object reappeared to his left "at 11 o'clock" and very close. It is hard 
to decide . . . whether the object moved or not during the 40 seconds that 
the plane took to complete the turn, although the original [report] conveys 
that idea. At any rate, during his second glimpse Sergeant Rodrigues 
thought that the object was motionless, or practically so, and then accel- 
erated and departed. In either case this implies a series of maneuvers by 
the object, including an anomalous acceleration which . . . rules out . . .
a balloon or a conventional machine.

No official explanation for the incident was offered by the Air Force.43


Near Collision Over Spain, 1979

Spain's most dramatic airline encounter with UFOs happened on 11 No- 
vember 1979, when Comandante Francisco Lerdo de Tejada, flying a 
Super Caravelle of the TAE company from Salzburg in Austria to Te- 
nerife, was forced to take evasive action to avoid colliding with an un- 
known object. The airliner had 109 passengers on board, most of whom 
were German and Austrian tourists. Captain Tejada stated in an interview 
with Juan Jose Benitez:

A few minutes before 11:00 p.m. we got a call from Air Control Barcelona.

They asked us to switch over to 121.5 megacycles, which is an emergency 
frequency. ... So we switched to that frequency, and imagined that there 
might perhaps be a ship or aircraft in difficulties. But then, when we made 
contact, all we got was the noise of a transmitter, though we were unable 
to identify what it was all about. It was at that moment, or a few seconds 
later, that we saw the red lights . . . Two very red, powerful lights.

They were heading toward us at 9 o'clock of our position. . . . The 
two lights seemed to be set at the two extremities. All of the movements 
of the two lights were perfectly coordinated, just as if it were one single 
device we were dealing with. . . . The speed at which they came at us 
was staggering. I have never seen anything like that speed. . . . The two 
lights, in line, came up to us on a bearing of 250°. . . . When we saw 
them first, they were at about 10 miles. Then they made toward us, and 
then were literally "playing with us" at not much under half a mile or 
so. . . .

The object was moving upward and downward at will, all round us, 
and performing movements that it would be quite impossible for any 
FRANCE, ITALY, PORTUGAL AND SPAIN 157 
conventional machine to execute. . . . What sort of aircraft flies at that 
sort of speed? What sort of aircraft takes up a position at less than half a 
mile from my jet liner and then sets about "playing games" with me.

Captain Tejada said that the object's size was "approximately the same 
as a jumbo jet," and that its approach speed was such that he was obliged 
to make a "break"-turning the aircraft sharply to avoid collision. Ac- 
cording to one news report, an elderly male passenger collapsed when 
he saw the objects zigzagging across the night sky toward the plane. 
"The situation finally got so serious," said the airline pilot, "that we 
decided to call Manises and request permission to make an emergency 
landing." 

The plane touched down at Valencia shortly before midnight, with the 
UFO still visible over the airport buildings, seen by the airport director, 
Senor Morlan, together with his air traffic controller and a number of 
ground personnel.

According to Senor Benitez, there was an immediate response by the 
Spanish Air Force Defense Command Center in Madrid. Radar had reg- 
istered a number of echoes in precisely the area where the airliner was 
flying at the time, and Air Defense Command HQ ordered two Mirage 
Fl jets to take off on an intercept mission from Los Llanos Air Base, 
near Albacete, five minutes after the airliner had landed. Although Senor 
Benitez was unable to secure official confirmation, he learned that the 
Mirage pilots established visual contact with the UFO, and that one of 
the planes was subjected to a number of sudden close approaches by the 
unknown object-or objects.

Captain Tejada and his flight crew were interrogated by the Air Force 
shortly after landing. "As is usual in all cases of this sort," reported 
Benitez, "the Spanish Air Force . . . initiates an extensive investigation 
and appoints an official with the title of Juez-Informador to preside over 
it. He is generally a high-ranking Air Force officer."44


Anniversary Sightings.

Precisely one year after the TAE Super Caravelle sighting, at least six 
Spanish airliners reported sighting UFOs-or possibly the same object 
-in northeast Spain. Again, leading researcher and journalist Juan Jose 
Benitez has uncovered important details about these sightings, which all 
took place on the evening of 11 November 1980.

The airliners included Iberia Flights 350, 810, 1800, and 1831, Trans- 
europa Flight 1474, and an air-taxi flight en route from the Balearic 
Islands to Marseilles. In an interview with Senor Benitez, Comandante 
Ramos-one of the Iberia pilots-described his sighting:

It was 6:40 p.m. We were flying at about 10,000 meters, and I think, if 
my memory serves me right, that we were in the vicinity of Maella. The 
Second Pilot was at the controls at the time . . . when we were about 108 
miles from the Barcelona VOR [VHF Omnirange] "it" appeared. ... At 
first, we took it for another plane. We saw a green light, and we thought 
it must be the green light carried by planes on the starboard wing. But this 
supposed plane was coming straight at us. . . . The Second Pilot said 
"Look!" It was coming toward us at an angle of 230° . . . almost on a 
collision course.

It was like a sphere. Or rather, like an enormous soap bubble. When I 
saw it, it was almost on a level with us and coming straight for our 727.

I made an instant reflex movement. The Second Pilot had switched off the 
automatic pilot, and I pushed the controls forward and . . . did a dive of 
300 or 400 feet. . . . The whole thing happened just in a minute or less.

The sphere or "soap bubble," colored a very bright green on its surface, 
crossed our course and when we dived it made off toward the south. It 
was then that we saw it was emitting other lights. . . . When it passed 
close to us we also saw a second ball-or whatever-close to the big one, 
but much smaller in size. . . .

I asked Barcelona Flight Control if there was any other traffic in the 
area. They replied that there was only an English plane [Monarch Flight 
148J bound for Alicante. Shortly after that another plane came in on the 
radio. I think, if my memory is not at fault, that it was a Transeuropa 
[Flight 1474]. And he also asked Barcelona if there was a "green traffic" 
on his flight route. Then I talked to the Transeuropa plane and told him 
what had just happened to me.

The crew of Iberia Flight 1831 sighted the UFO while their Boeing 
727 was still on the ground, and when the captain signaled to it by flashing 
his landing lights the object immediately "went out" and disappeared.

Other witnesses at Barcelona Airport said that the UFO "buzzed" the 
runway and then shot up into the sky.

Is there a logical explanation for these multiple-witness sightings? As 
the pilots interviewed by Senor Benitez commented: "It is totally impos- 
sible for a machine that comes along in a horizontal flight, then changes 
course when one aircraft takes an evasive dive, then comes down and 
'buzzes' the runways at Barcelona Airport and then turns off its light 
when another plane flashes light signals at it-it is totally impossible for 
a machine that does all these things to be anything else but controlled by 
some type of intelligence."45 

"I believe in the existence of UFOs," said Spanish Air Force General 
Castro in 1976, and went on to give his own carefully reasoned thoughts 
on why it was difficult for governments to come out in the open. "The 
position is that it is as difficult for official quarters to admit that something 
exists as it is for the Church to affirm that this or that is a miracle," he 
explained.

General Castro believes that the reason governments do not publicly 
acknowledge this reality is not due to fear on their part, but rather to a 
sense of misgiving in the face of an intangible fact on which they are 
being asked to venture an opinion.46 

The general is being honest insofar as his own government is con- 
cerned, and one wonders if he was partly responsible for the Air Ministry 
releasing its files to Senor Benitez five months after he made these state- 
ments. UFOs-with their superior abilities-may well appear "mirac- 
ulous" to us in comparison. But there is ample evidence that some 
unidentified flying objects are far from intangible; that a number of them 
have been recovered intact, and that yet another reason for the cover-up 
is because the superpowers are intent on duplicating their technology, as 
will be shown in Part III. 


=====================================================================
7. AUSTRALIA 

Responsibility for monitoring Unidentified or Unusual Aerial Sightings 
(UAS), as they are officially designated in Australia, rests solely with 
the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), I was informed by the Depart- 
ment of Defense in 1982. At each RAAF base specific officers are ap- 
pointed to investigate sightings, investigation being restricted to those 
instances formally reported to the RAAF. When required, assistance is 
sought from other government departments such as Aviation, Meteor- 
ology, Science and Technology (for satellite predictions), plus observa- 
tories. "No Australian Secret Service participates in the investigations,"
I was assured.1 

The Air Force Office of the Department of Defense also sent me a 
copy of their Summaries of Unusual Aerial Sightings 1976-1980. The 
percentage breakdown of RAAF investigations, it was pointed out, closely 
matches those of the Royal Air Force and US Air Force investigations, 
and only about three percent of the reports are attributable to "unknown 
causes." In all its investigations to date, which average about 100 per 
year, the RAAF "have found no tangible evidence of life from other 
planets."2 


EARLY OFFICIAL INVESTIGATIONS 

Official Australian investigation into unidentified flying objects goes back 
as far as 1920, according to researcher Paul Norman, when the ship SS 
Amelia J. disappeared at a time when strange unexplained lights were 
being reported around the entrance to Bass Strait. A search aircraft sent 
to investigate the lights also disappeared and never returned.3 The Bass 
Strait area has featured in a number of mysterious cases, most notably 
the disappearance of the young pilot Frederick Valentich in 1978 (dis- 
cussed later in this chapter).

In 1930 the RAAF sent a squadron leader to Warrnambool, Victoria, 
on the north shore of Bass Strait, where witnesses had reported sightings 
of unidentified "aircraft." No evidence could be found that the aircraft 
were either Australian or foreign; nor could they even be positively iden- 
tified as normal aircraft.

The squadron leader who conducted the investigation subsequently 
became Air Marshal Sir George Jones, Chief of the Air Staff 1942-52.4

Sir George had his own sighting of a UFO from his home in Mentone, 
Melbourne, on 16 October 1957, when together with Lady Jones he 
observed a balloon-like object traveling at the speed of a Sabre jet at 
about 1,000-1,500 feet altitude.5 He maintained a serious interest in the 
subject, and on retirement became a member of the Victorian UFO Re- 
search Society.6 

Bill Chalker (of the Australian Center for UFO Studies) has unearthed 
two interesting RAAF reports dating back to World War II. The first took 
place during the summer of 1942, when an RAAF pilot was on flying 
patrol off the Tasman Peninsula late one afternoon, following reports by 
fishermen of strange lights on the sea at night in Bass Strait. At 5:50 
p.m. an unidentified object came out of a cloud bank, which the pilot 
described as "a singular airfoil of glistening bronze color," about 150 
feet in length and 50 feet in diameter, with a dome on top that reflected 
sunlight. The UFO flew alongside the plane for a few minutes, then 
suddenly turned away at "a hell of a pace." It made another turn then 
dived straight into the ocean, throwing up "a regular whirlpool of waves." 

The second sighting took place one night in February 1944, when at 
around 2:30 a.m. a Beaufort bomber flying at 4,500 feet over Bass Strait 
was joined by an unidentified object, described as a "dark shadow" with 
a flickering light and flame coming out of the rear. The object appeared 
to be only 100-150 feet away, and stayed with the plane for 18-20 
minutes, during which time both radio and direction-finding instruments 
failed. Eventually the object shot off at about three times the speed of 
the bomber (235 mph at that time).

Bill Chalker reports that no enemy action was ever confirmed in Bass 
Strait, although a total of seventeen aircraft went missing in that area 
during World War II.7

In 1952 officers of the Department of Civil Aviation sought to establish 
a special bureau to collate facts about UFOs. From the Cabinet itself, 
however, came instructions that the subject was more properly a matter 
for the security services to investigate, and accordingly a security spokes- 
man confirmed shortly afterward that they had investigators working on 
reports with the aid of scientists from the radiophysics division of the 
Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (CSIRO).8 

Although UFO files were initially classified secret, a sighting in 1954 
was rated top secret, and details would never have been known for many 
years had the story not been leaked to the media five months after the 
incident. On 31 August 1954 a Navy Hawker Sea Fury aircraft was 
approached by two strange lights with vague shapes underneath, 5,000 
meters above Goulburn, New South Wales. The pilot radioed Nowra 
Naval Air Station and was informed that the objects were tracked on 
radar. The lights shot past the Sea Fury "spinning at fantastic speed."

So sensitive was the security ban on the incident that not even the Minister 
for Navy was advised about it at the time. That same year, the Minister 
for Air, William McMahon, contracted the RAAF formally to investigate 
UFO reports.9 


MISSING FILMS 

On 23 August 1953 the Deputy Director of Civil Aviation in New Guinea, 
Tom Drury, took an 8mm movie film (using a telephoto lens) of a UFO 
over Port Moresby. The object was elongated like a bullet and shot out 
of a cloud, traveling at a speed estimated to be at least five times faster 
than a jet flying at the speed of sound. "It never slackened speed or 
changed direction," said Drury, "but simply faded into the blue sky 
while its vapor trail faded after it. The vapor trail was very clear-cut. . . .
This is visible in the remaining section of the film in my possession. . . .

I was absolutely certain of its reality. It was filmed, my wife and children 
saw it. If anyone in the Territory had qualifications to identify an unknown 
aircraft, I had. It is my business to know what is in the air. I know all 
types of aircraft and have flown thirty-two of them."

Tom Drury refers to the "remaining section of the film in his posses- 
sion." What became of the rest? He had sent the original film, consisting 
of ninety-four frames, to the Minister for Air (William McMahon), who 
in turn sent it to the US Air Force at the Pentagon. The film was returned 
about nine months later-minus the most important frames showing the 
actual object.10 

Bill Chalker eventually discovered five negatives of photographs of 
some individual frames from the film in a 1973 Directorate of Air Force 
Intelligence file, but the actual film showing the UFO has never been 
returned to its owner. Chalker has confirmed that it was examined by the 
Naval Photographic Interpretation Center, Maryland, then apparently un- 
der the aegis of the CIA,11 and a former employee of the National Security 
Agency, Todd Zechel, charges that the film was retained by the CIA's 
Office of Scientific Intelligence.12 

In the spring of 1954 some 200 photographs as well as cine-film were 
taken of an unidentified flying object that paced three young men who 
were driving through the Australian interior near the border between 
Western Australia and South Australia. Shortly afterward, while they 
were still driving, an RAAF light aircraft suddenly appeared and landed 
not far from them. The men were ordered to halt and a member of the 
crew asked them to hand over their films, saying they wanted to borrow 
them. The photographs and film have never been seen since.

The story was briefly recounted by Stan Seers and William Lasich in 
FSR,13 and in a reprint fourteen years later Gordon Creighton added 
further details, including the fact that the account was given to him by 
Colin McCarthy, an Australian electronics engineer and UFO re- 
searcher.14 My inquiries in Australia in 1987 revealed that the facts 
relating to this case have become distorted with time, and it is therefore 
difficult to draw any conclusions. I did learn from Bill Chalker, however, 
that the "light aircraft" was a helicopter, and that the witnesses had 
reported the incident prior to its arrival.


THE MARALINGA CASE, 1957 

An extraordinary eyewitness account of a UFO seen hovering over the 
former British nuclear test site at Maralinga, South Australia, was given 
to the British researcher Jenny Randies by a Royal Air Force corporal 
stationed there at the time. Following nuclear detonations in September 
and October of 1957, an unidentified object was seen hovering over the 
airfield by the corporal and some colleagues. Described as a "magnificent 
sight," the craft was of a silver-blue color, with a metallic luster. The 
corporal said that the object had a line of "windows" or "portholes" 
along its edge, and that it was seen so distinctly that metallic plating 
could be made out on its surface.

An air traffic control officer is also alleged to have seen the object, 
and checks with Alice Springs and Edinburgh airfields revealed that there 
were no aircraft in the vicinity at the time. No photographs were taken, 
the RAF corporal said, because the top security status of the base area 
meant that all cameras had to be locked away. The UFO departed swiftly 
and silently after about fifteen minutes. "I swear to you as a practising 
Christian this was no dream, no illusion, no fairy story-but a solid craft 
of metallic construction," the witness told Jenny Randies.15 


THE AUSTRALIAN SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ORGANIZATION 

The Australian Security and Intelligence Organization (ASIO), developed 
from the Allied Intelligence Bureau with the co-operation of the British 
in 1948, is divided into two main branches, one for intelligence gathering 
and the other responsible for counterespionage. The RAAF stated in their 
letter to me that there had been no participation by either the ASIO or 
the ASIS (Australian Secret Intelligence Service) in UFO investigations, 
yet there is some evidence for involvement of the former.

In 1959 Stan Seers, President of the Queensland Flying Saucer Re- 
search Bureau at the time (now UFO Research Queensland), received a 
phone call from a man requesting a meeting in a large car park in Brisbane, 
hinting that Seers might learn something to his advantage about UFOs.

Suspecting a hoax, Seers let the man make two or three further calls 
before agreeing to a meeting. At no time did the caller identify himself 
or his business until Seers met him at the appointed meeting place, where 
he produced an identity card and introduced himself as D D of 
the Australian Security and Intelligence Organization. Mr. D insisted that 
the conversation should take place in his own car (probably because it 
was bugged), and since he seemed to be courteous and genuine, Seers 
agreed.

Mr. D began the conversation with a resume, covering quite a number 
of years, of the background of not only Seers but also two close friends, 
the Secretary and the Public Relations Officer of the Queensland Flying 
Saucer Research Bureau. Mr. D then "dangled the Communist bogey, 
this being very much in the forefront in those days," Seers said. "I 
promptly reminded him that the QFSRB was strictly nonpolitical as well 
as nonreligious, and as its president I rigidly enforced the rules. He then 
changed his tack to 'national security' but quickly realized that I was fast 
becoming sick of hearing the 'reasons,' and finally got down to the 'nitty- 
gritty,' " which was as follows: 

He asked would I personally "play ball" (to use his expression) with his 
department; in return they would assist us in the field of UFO research 
wherever and whenever they could, all of which was to be strictly between 
him and me. The crux of the suggested agreement was the understanding 
that in the event of any really "hot" UFO information-landings, contacts, 
etc., he would if necessary put me into direct telephone communication 
with Prime Minister Bob Menzies.

Stan Seers understandably had difficulty in believing any of this, but 
nevertheless agreed to meet Mr. D at a later date. To test the man's 
authenticity and degree of authority, Seers asked him if he could obtain 
the return of a letter on loan to the RAAF from the QFSRB. The letter 
was returned within forty-eight hours. "Mr. D was obviously of 
some standing in his own department," relates Seers. "Further proof of 
this was the unlisted phone number he gave me for use in emergencies 
only: I recall how easy it was to remember-22222." 

After conferring with other members of the QFSRB committee, Seers 
called the number and was promptly answered by a well-educated female 
voice who "having inquired my name and business (all without answering 
my query regarding the 'firm' she represented) swiftly put me through 
to friend D ." A further meeting was arranged, at which Seers in- 
formed Mr. D that the committee had decided unanimously to cooperate 
with the ASIO. This provoked an angry response from Mr. D, who was 
furious that the other committee members had been told, but, as Seers 
pointed out, at no time had he consented to the request for secrecy, having 
merely indicated that he required time to consider the proposal.

Seers informed Mr. D that all UFO information would be made avail- 
able to his department on a reciprocal basis, and agreed to refrain from 
publicity. "Needless to say," said Seers, "we had never at any time 
considered it to be any other than a one-way arrangement-in their di- 
rection only." 

During the weeks that followed, Mr. D personally interviewed all 
twelve members of the QFSRB committee, informing them that with 
regard to the first meeting, Stan Seers had "twisted the truth." Mr. D 
carefully cultivated the friendship of at least two committee members, 
and to all intents and purposes became an ardent UFO enthusiast himself.

But Seers' misgivings about this ploy were realized when about a year 
later the close friendship that had always existed between the committee 
members began to deteriorate. "The cause for this was, in my opinion, 
never in doubt," he said, "but unfortunately I found that I could do 
nothing whatever about it and finally resigned in disgust.'' 

Two years later Seers was persuaded to rejoin and assist with the 
reorganization of the by now practically defunct group, but still found 
himself unable to shake off the persistent Mr. D. "On two occasions he 
invited himself, with the connivance of a member, along to committee 
meetings, although he was not even an ordinary group member. On the 
second ... the Secretary was informed in no uncertain terms that it was 
to be his last appearance. I am happy to relate that it was. However, he 
remained in close contact with the group for a total of eleven years before 
departing this life in 1970." 

Seers claims to have evidence from members of at least one other state 
UFO group that similar surveillance and attempts at destabilization by 
the AS 10 have been carried out, although in a more covert manner.16

Some aspects of this story have been confirmed by Colin Phillips, a 
committee member of the QFSRB at the time, but he takes a less sinister 
view than Stan Seers. He told me, for instance, that although Mr. D 
attended the meetings in his professional capacity, "it must be remem- 
bered that the Australian government in 1950-1960 was very sensitive 
about Communists, and people with new and different ideas who talked 
about peace etc. were suspect. It was therefore quite natural that ASIO 
should send someone along to our meetings to keep an eye on us-I 
would not be very impressed with the operation of ASIO if they had 
not."17 Quite so. But the ASIO would also have had an interest in 
monitoring those UFO reports that were not made available to it through 
official channels, just as the CIA evidently considered America's National 
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) a target of op- 
portunity in the 1950s and 1960s, to the extent of infiltrating the orga- 
nization on a large scale (see Chapter 14).

ASIO is not the only Australian intelligence agency said to have been 
involved in studying the UFO problem. Bill Chalker-a thorough and 
reliable investigator-confirms that a scientist attached to the Directorate 
of Scientific and Technical Intelligence, which was part of the Joint 
Intelligence Bureau (now the Joint Intelligence Organization), cooperated 
with other defense intelligence scientists in 1968-69 in organizing a 
proposal for a "rapid intervention team" to investigate those UFO in- 
cidents involving "physical evidence." However, as a result of criticizing 
the Air Force's handling of UFO reports, he was denied access to them, 
and plans for the "rapid intervention team" were shelved. The former 
JIB scientist affirms that although the Directorate of Air Force Intelligence 
files on UFOs are the most substantial, there are other files held by the 
Department of Defense that are unlikely to see the light of day. This 
owes more, however, to the sensitive methods by which the reports were 
received than the actual content.18 


USAF PILOT'S SIGHTING, 1960 

Bill Chalker has found many interesting reports among the files released 
by the RAAF Directorate of Air Force Intelligence. On 15 November 
1960, about fifty kilometers from Cressy, Tasmania, a US Air Force RB- 
57 aircraft operating out of RAAF East Sale encountered a UFO, and the 
following is the pilot's official report:

Approximately 1040 LCL while flying on a mission track 15 miles north 
of Launceston, my navigator called out an aircraft approaching to our left 
and slightly lower. Our altitude at this time was 40,000 feet, TAS of 350 
knots, heading of 340 degrees.

I spotted the object and immediately commented to [the navigator] that 
it was not an aircraft, but looked more like a balloon. We judged its altitude 
to be approximately 35,000 feet, heading 140 degrees and its speed ex- 
tremely high.

From a previous experience 1 would say its closing rate would have 
been in excess of 800 knots. We observed this object for five or seven 
seconds before it disappeared under the left wing.

Since it was unusual in appearance, I immediately banked to the left 
for another look, but neither of us could locate it.

The color of the object was nearly translucent somewhat like that of a 
' 'poached egg.'' There were no sharp edges but rather fuzzy and undefined.

The size was approximately 70 feet in diameter and it did not appear to 
have any depth. 9 


OFFICIAL CONTROVERSY 

In 1963 Senator J. L. Cavanagh asked that the federal government dossier 
on UFOs should be made public, but the Minister for Air refused, stating 
that no single dossier containing all the facts was available, and although 
three to four percent of sightings remained unexplained, the vast majority 
of reports could be explained in terms of balloons, aircraft, and astro- 
nomical objects.20 But others were convinced that a cover-up was in 
operation, including Dr. Harry Messel, Professor of Physics at Sydney 
University, who stated in 1965: "The facts about saucers were long 
tracked down and results have long been known in top secret defense 
circles of more countries than one. Whatever the truth, it might be re- 
garded as inadvisable to give people at large no clue about the true nature 
of these things."21 

But is the cover-up due more to confusion in high places rather than 
a deliberate policy to withhold sensational information? Two minute pa- 
pers dating back to 1966 provide evidence against a cover-up. The first 
was part of a submission by the Directorate of Public Relations in the 
Department of Air to the Directorate of Air Force Intelligence, and argues 
for a change in RAAF policy: "... by continuing with the old policy 
of playing our UFO cards close to the chest," the minute states, "we 
only foster the incorrect (but nevertheless widely held) belief that we 
have much vital information to hide." The other minute paper comments 
on the current RAAF files as follows: "It would . . . appear that there 
is some need for rationalization of our files on this subject. There are at 
least four different files which contain a confusion of policy, reported 
sightings and requests for information. Three of these files are classified, 
two of which are secret although there appears to be nothing in the files 
consistent with this classification." 

These minutes would seem to argue against a deliberate cover-up 
policy, yet we should bear in mind that those who wrote the submissions 
were probably not cleared for access to information about UFOs that had 
been classified as top secret or above. From my own investigations into 
the British Ministry of Defense's UFO investigations, I know that only 
relatively few people are cleared for access to the sort of information that 
is held in the highest security classification, so I see no reason for believing 
that the official position in Australia is any different.

An example of a report that probably never found its way into the 
RAAF files, but certainly ended up with the CIA (if not the ASIO), has 
been provided by Budd Hopkins. A US Air Force sergeant with a top 
secret clearance, known to Hopkins, states that in 1967 he was shown a 
movie film of a UFO at a CIA screening in Texas which had been taken 
from a converted RAAF aircraft during a photo-mapping flight over cen- 
tral Australia in about 1965. The short film extract showed "a huge, 
hovering, windowed craft" with three smaller UFOs attached to it "as 
a kind of tail." A door on the largest object opened-two vertical panels 
and two horizontally aligned ones sliding apart-and the three smaller 
UFOs flew inside. The panels closed, the large object canted at an angle, 
then disappeared in seconds. According to Budd Hopkins's informant, 
the filmed image of the UFOs was extraordinarily large and clear, filling 
the entire movie screen. If the authorities have nothing to hide, why 
are we denied access to films such as these.


ANSETT-ANA SIGHTING, 1965 

At about 3:25 a.m. on 28 May 1965 an Ansett-ANA DC-6b airliner 
(registration VH-INH) was paced by an unidentified flying object during 
a flight from Brisbane to Port Moresby, New Guinea. Captain John Barker 
described the object as oblate in shape with exhaust gases emanating from 
it, and related that it paced the airliner for ten to fifteen minutes, witnessed 
by the co-pilot and a stewardess.

The sighting took place in the vicinity of Bougainville Reef, off the 
Queensland coast, and Captain Barker radioed details to Townsville Ground 
Control, adding that he was taking photographs of the object. On landing 
at Port Moresby, Barker was informed that he was not to have the film 
processed in New Guinea but was to return with it to Australia. When 
he eventually arrived at Brisbane, Captain Barker was flown directly to 
Canberra, where both the film and the flight recorder were confiscated.

The source of this story is William Orr, Duty Officer of the Department 
of Civil Aviation at Townsville, who was in radio contact with Captain 
Barker when he relayed details of the sighting. Orr passed on the infor- 
mation to John Meskell, a detective with the Criminal Investigation Branch 
who had been on duty at the Townsville Control Tower at the time.

Meskell stated that Orr had been forbidden to discuss the incident, but 
added: "This latter part is only hearsay and came from Orr [who] then 
told me that the Chief of DCA [Department of Civil Aviation] came to 
Townsville and took the twelve-hour tapes from the DCA Control Tower 
with the full conversation between Orr and the pilot, and Orr was told 
to 'shut his mouth' about the whole thing, under threat of his job."24

The Directorate of Air Force Intelligence in Canberra denied in a letter 
to Peter Norris that any such incident had taken place: "This is the first 
information we have received of the reported sighting and therefore have 
no record of the incident. Perhaps you may care to follow the matter up 
with the Department of Civil Aviation, but as it is normal practice for 
that Department to refer all sightings to the RAAF it seems most unlikely 
that they had it reported."25 

Peter Norris accordingly wrote to the DCA and received the following 
reply: 
... we asked our Brisbane office to check whether Air Traffic Control 
personnel at Townsville had any knowledge of the reported sightings on 
28th May. No persons on duty that day have any recollection of unusual 
communications and we have not received any formal incident report by 
any Airline Captain operating in the vicinity of Townsville that day. Un- 
fortunately, our communications recording tapes are reused after a holding 
period of 90 days and we therefore cannot use this source to confirm belief 
that there were no unusual communications through Departmental facili- 
ties.26

But according to Stan Seers, the distinguished researcher Dr. J. Allen 
Hynek obtained a copy of Captain Barker's official statement to the 
Australian authorities from the US Air Force, via the Australian De- 
partment of Air,27 which states in part: '7 had always scoffed at these 
reports, but I saw it. We all saw it. It was under intelligent control, and 
it was certainly no known aircraft.'' There is no reference to this 
remarkable sighting in the RAAF Summary of Unidentified Aerial Sight- 
ings Reported to the Department of Air (1960-1965)-a revealing omis- 
sion indeed.


ANOTHER MISSING FILM, 1968 

In 1968 members of the Queensland Flying Saucer Research Bureau set 
up two magnetic monitoring devices attached to self-activating cine- 
cameras at sites where UFO activity had previously been reported. One 
site was at Horseshoe Lagoon, Tully, Queensland, where in January 1966

George Pedley claimed to have seen a saucer-shaped object take off, 
causing his tractor engine to stall and leaving a circular swirled imprint 
in the reeds where it had taken off from. Further sightings and saucer 
"nests" had subsequently been reported in the vicinity.

On 2 March the North Queensland radio station 4KZ broadcast a 
newsflash which announced that an airliner flying from Cairns to Iron 
Range had been paced at 6,000 feet for a short while by an unidentified 
flying object some 2,000 feet above them, which then shot off at an 
estimated 1,500 mph. Inspection of the monitoring device at Horseshoe 
Lagoon revealed that it had been triggered, and the Eumig 8mm cine- 
camera was found to be still running slowly; one side of its fifty feet of 
film having been expended. The batteries were renewed, the film spool 
turned over, and the camera was then set up to cover a wider area of the 
lagoon.

On 4 March a number of local witnesses reported a UFO sighting, and 
the camera was again found to have been activated. For some reason, 
unfortunately, only fifteen or sixteen frames had been exposed and the 
batteries were completely dead, Stan Seers reported. "The remainder of 
the film was wound through by hand, removed from the camera, sealed 
in the usual container and addressed to Kodak of Melbourne, all in the 
presence of two reliable witnesses," he reported. "It was next handed 
in at the Tully post office counter, weighed, a fourteen-cent stamp affixed 
and then placed directly into the mailbag by the post office official. I 
personally checked on this aspect of the affair and there is no doubt 
whatever that Vincent Mele, the owner of the film, did not handle it again 
after handing it across the counter for weighing."

Fourteen days later Mele received a package from Kodak. Inside was 
an empty container complete with wrapping and the fourteen-cent stamp, 
plus a covering letter asking if Mele had forgotten to enclose the film.

Had it really been intercepted or merely misplaced? Stan Seers learned 
later that the posting of the film had been discussed by several members 
of the QFSRB in the presence of Mr. D of the ASIO. Suspecting that 
the ASIO may have planted an agent in the Kodak processing department 
(which was later confirmed by two independent sources), Seers telephoned 
Mr. D and made a direct accusation, demanding the immediate return of 
the film to its owner:

In the event of its nonreturn I made it quite clear that I would lodge a 
complaint through Parliament. He was too shrewd to make an immediate 
denial, merely saying that he would inquire and phone me back. One hour 
later he did so and said, "You've got the wrong department, Stan." But 
from his manner I felt reasonably sure that he knew where it was. By this 
time I was thoroughly furious and phoned Colin Bennett, a well-known 
barrister and Member of Parliament, and lodged a complaint but refrained 
from mentioning ASIO as at that stage I had no acceptable proof. I have 
always considered the probability that the film contained nothing but a 
view of the lagoon. But the fact remained that it had been probably stolen 
by a government department.

After Colin Bennett had examined the available evidence, he agreed 
to take up the case on behalf of the QFSRB, but the outcome was not 
encouraging. Gordon Freeth, Minister for Air, denied all knowledge of 
the missing film in a letter to Bennett in August 1968: "I can assure you 
that my Department has not in any way attempted to interfere with the 
processing or return of these films. In fact my Department has no knowl- 
edge of any such films having been sent to Kodak for processing."

Vincent Mele lodged a complaint with his local police, but some weeks 
later he was taken aside by a plainclothes detective (a personal friend) 
who advised him to drop the matter. "You haven't got a hope of getting 
it back," he said.29 

On about 13 March 1968, shortly after the loss of the film, two RAAF 
helicopters were seen for some while over the Horseshoe Lagoon, wit- 
nessed by the owner of the land. Whether this was just coincidental, of 
course, is not known, but in view of the fact that circular "nests" had 
been formed in the vicinity where UFOs had been seen to take off from, 
there is a probability that the RAAF needed aerial photographs of the 
sites.

Stan Deyo, a former US Air Force pilot, claims that in 1972, during 
a meeting with Dr. Tom Keeble, Director of the Mechanical Engineering 
Division of the Department of Defense Aeronautical Research Laboratory 
in Melbourne, Keeble disclosed that the RAAF have extensive movie- 
film libraries of UFOs. Deyo claims that these films and other classified 
material on UFOs are kept at RAAF East Sale, Victoria.30 I wrote to Dr.
Keeble checking on the veracity of this story, but received no reply.

Certainly, if such films exist in RAAF archives-and I am confident they 
do-East Sale would be the logical repository, since it is a center for 
military photographic interpretation.


AIRCRAFT COMMUNICATIONS INTERFERENCE DURING MULTIPLE UFO SIGHTING, 1968 

A sighting by Captains Walter Gardin and Gordon Smith during a flight 
from Adelaide to Perth on 22 August 1968, involving temporary loss of 
communications between their aircraft and ground control, contains some 
striking parallels with the famous observation by Captain James Howard 
and his crew over Labrador, Newfoundland, in 1954 (see Chapter 8).

The following report was made by the co-pilot, Captain Gordon W. Smith 
of Murchison Air Services/Southern Airlines of Western Australia. The 
aircraft, an eight-seat Piper Navajo, registration VH-RTO, was returning 
empty from Adelaide and cruising at 8,000 feet, with an airspeed of 
190-195 knots and tracking 270° magnetic, and Smith was asleep in the 
cabin when the sighting first occurred: 

At 0940 (1740 WST) Walter abruptly wakened me in great excitement and 
asked me to come into the cockpit quickly. I did so, and he asked me if 
I could see what he was looking at. At first I didn't, because I was still 
suffering from the effect of sleep. However, after about thirty seconds I 
could see what he was excited about.

Some distance ahead at the same level, and about 50° to my right (I 
was in the right seat), I saw a formation of aircraft. In the middle was a 
large aircraft, and formated to the right and left and above were four or 
five smaller aircraft. We were on a track of 270° and these aircraft appeared 
to be maintaining station with us.

As we had not been notified of this traffic, I radioed Kalgoorlie DC A 
[Department of Civil Aviation] communications center asking them what 
traffic they or RAAF had in our area. The answer was none. So I then 
notified Kalgoorlie that we had this formation in sight and they, in turn, 
notified some east bound traffic of the danger of unidentified traffic 130

NM east of Kalgoorlie.

At about this time we lost communications with Kalgoorlie on all fre- 
quencies. We were receiving Kalgoorlie carrier wave with no voice prop- 
agation, only a hash and static. In the next ten minutes I transmitted about 
seven times and I believe Walter did about five times with no results.

Also at about this time we noticed that the main ship split into two 
sections still maintaining the same level, and the smaller aircraft then flew 
out left and right but staying in the same level and coming back to the 
two main halves of the bigger ship. At this time there appeared to be about 
six smaller aircraft taking turns of going out and coming back and formating 
on the two halves.

Sometimes the two halves joined and split, and the whole cycle con- 
tinued for ten minutes. The shape of the main ship seemed to have the 
ability to change, not drastically, but from, say spheroid to a slightly 
elongated form with the color maintaining a constant dark gray to black.

However, the smaller craft had a constant cigar shape and were of a 
very dark color. Their travel out and back had a peculiarity not associated 
with normal aircraft in that they appeared to travel out and come back 
without actually turning like a normal airplane would have to do.

At 0950 GMT the whole formation joined together as if at a single 
command, then departed at a tremendous speed. It did not disappear as, 
say, gas would, but it departed in about three or four seconds diminishing 
in size till out of sight.

Captain Smith reported that radio communications were restored im- 
mediately following the departure of the UFOs. Distance of the objects 
was impossible to estimate, since their size was unknown, but for com- 
parative size the main craft compared with a Boeing 707 as seen from 
ten miles away. Neither Gardin nor Smith "had the presence of mind to 
check if any deviation existed in our magnetic compass or Automatic 
Direction Finder whilst in the presence of the UFOs/' they said. Expla- 
nations in terms of balloons, conventional aircraft, tricks of light, gases, 
etc., were ruled out by the pilots. "We conclude that the UFOs were in 
fact aircraft with the solidity of aircraft, except perhaps for the fact of 
the ability of the larger UFO to split and change shape slightly."31

When the distinguished American atmospheric physicist and UFO re- 
searcher Dr. James McDonald attempted to make further inquiries about 
the incident, the pilots refused to respond. Years later, a pilot member 
of the Victorian UFO Research Society who was personally acquainted 
with Gardin and Smith confirmed that the captains had been ordered not 
to discuss the encounter further.32 


RAAF, 1969 

On 31 August 1969 an RAAF Canberra bomber chased but failed to catch 
a UFO over northern New South Wales. The plane was sent from RAAF 
Amberley when hundreds of people in Kyogle and along the Darling 
Downs reported the object, which was shaped like an aluminum Zeppelin.

Some witnesses observed the UFO for more than three hours as it hovered 
low over towns and farms. The object finally disappeared when the Can- 
berra tried to close in on it.33

On 20 October 1969 the Minister for Air, the Honorable F. M.

Osborne, made a statement in Parliament summarizing the Defense De- 
partment's analysis of Unusual Aerial Sightings to date. He concluded: 
"Nothing that has arisen from that 3 or 4 percent of unexplained cases 
gives any firm support for the belief that interlopers from other places in 
this world or outside it have been visiting us."34

Australia seems to have the lowest percentage of unexplained sightings 
in the world, if the Minister for Air and his department are to be taken 
at their word. But whatever the percentage, the highly detailed and con- 
vincing reports by qualified observers described in this chapter render 
official explanations totally invalid. It should be obvious to all but the 
most bone-headed skeptic that intelligently controlled objects are intrud- 
ing into our airspace, even if their origin and purpose remain undetermined 
at this stage.


INCIDENT AT NORTH WEST CAPE, 1973 

On 25 October 1973 two US Navy personnel observed a UFO hovering 
near the restricted Naval Communication Station at North West Cape, 
Western Australia, which is used by the National Security Agency (in 
conjunction with Australia's Defense Signals Directorate). The Depart- 
ment of Defense (RAAF) report relating to the incident was acquired a 
few years later by Bill Chalker, who was surprised that such a report was 
made available to a civilian researcher.

At about 19:15 hours that day, Lieutenant Commander M (USN) 
sighted a "large black, airborne object" approximately eight kilometers 
to the west at an estimated altitude of 600 meters. "After about 20-25 
seconds the craft accelerated at unbelievable speed and disappeared to 
the north," he reported. There was no noise or exhaust. The second 
witness, Fire Captain (USN) Bill L , described the sighting as fol- 
lows: 

At 1920 hours, I was called by the POW to close the Officers' club. I 
proceeded toward the club in the Fire Department pick-up 488, when my 
attention was drawn to a large black object, which at first I took to be a 
small cloud formation, due west of Area "B" [the location of the high 
frequency transmitter]. ... On alighting from pick-up 488, I stood for 
several minutes and watched this black sphere hovering. The sky was clear 
and pale green-blue. No clouds were about whatsoever. The object was 
completely stationary except for a halo around the center, which appeared 
to be either revolving or pulsating. After I had stood watching it for approx. 
4 minutes, it suddenly took off at tremendous speed and disappeared in a 
northerly direction, in a few seconds. I consider this object to have been 
approx. 10 meters in diameter, hovering at 300 meters over the hills due 
west of the Base. It was black, maybe due to my looking in the direction 
of the setting sun. No lights appeared on it at any time.

On the very same day that the UFO was seen, Bill Chalker reports, 
the North West Cape facility was communicating a full nuclear alert to 
the region, based on National Security Agency communications intelli- 
gence (COMINT) intercepts! The nuclear alert was originally due to an 
NSA misreading of a Syrian message to the USSR, which led the Amer- 
icans to believe that Soviet troops might be sent to the Middle East (the 
Yom Kippur War had broken out on 11 October 1973).35 


THE DISAPPEARANCE OF DELTA SIERRA JULIET, 1978 

Of all sightings in Australia none has generated so much worldwide 
attention and concern than that of Frederick Valentich, a twenty-year-old 
flying instructor who disappeared in his Cessna 182 aircraft shortly after 
reporting a UFO sighting over the Bass Strait near Cape Otway, on a 
flight from Moorabin, Victoria, to King Island, Tasmania, on 21 October 
1978.

Forty-seven minutes after taking off from Moorabin Airport, Mel- 
bourne, at 6:19 p.m., Valentich reported sighting an unidentified aircraft 
to the Melbourne Flight Service Unit Controller, Steve Robey. The official 
transcript of the recorded transmissions between the Cessna (registration 
VH-DSJ) and Melbourne Flight Service Unit (FSU) has been kindly 
provided for me by Bill Chalker. The following communications between 
the aircraft and Melbourne FSU were recorded from 19.06 hours. The 
word/words in brackets are open to other interpretations: 

TIME FROM TEXT 
1906:14 VH-DSJ Melbourne this is delta sierra juliet is there 
any known traffic below five thousand 
:23 FSU delta sierra juliet no known traffic 
:26 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet 1 am seems (to) be a large 
aircraft below five thousand 
:46 FSU delta sierra juliet what type of aircraft is it 
:50 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet I cannot affirm it is four 
bright it seems to me like landing lights 
1907:04 FSU DELTA SIERRA JULIET 
:32 VH-DSJ Melbourne this (is) delta sierra juliet the air- 
craft has just passed over me at least a thousand 
feet above 
:43 FSU delta sierra juliet roger and it is a large aircraft 
confirm 
:47 VH-DSJ er unknown due to the speed it's traveling is there 
any air force aircraft in the vicinity 
:57 FSU delta sierra juliet no known aircraft in the vi- 
cinity 
1908:18 VH-DSJ Melbourne it's approaching now from due east 
towards me 
:28 FSU DELTA SIERRA JULIET 
:42 // open microphone for two seconds // 
:49 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet it seems to me that he's play- 
ing some sort of game he's flying over me two to 
three times at a time at speeds I could not identify 
1909:02 FSU delta sierra juliet roger what is your actual level 
:06 VH-DSJ my level is four and a half thousand four five zero zero 
:11 FSU delta sierra juliet and confirm that you cannot 
identify the aircraft 
:14 VH-DSJ affirmative 
:18 FSU delta sierra juliet roger standby 
:28 VH-DSJ Melbourne delta sierra juliet it's not an air- 
craft it is // open microphone for two seconds // 
:46 FSU delta sierra juliet can you describe the er air- 
craft 
:52 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet as it's flying past it's a long 
shape // open microphone for three seconds // (can- 
not) identify more than (that it has such speed) // 
open microphone for three seconds // before me 
right now Melbourne 
1910:07 FSU delta sierra juliet roger and how large would 
the er object be 
:20 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet Melbourne it seems like 
it's stationary what I'm doing right now is orbiting 
and the thing is just orbiting on top of me also it's 
got a green light and sort of metallic (like) it's all 
shiny (on) the outside 
:43 FSU DELTA SIERRA JULIET 
:48 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet // open microphone for five 
seconds // it's just vanished 
:57 FSU delta sierra juliet 
1911:03 VH-DSJ Melbourne would you know what kind of aircraft 
I've got is it (a type) military aircraft 
:08 FSU delta sierra juliet confirm the er aircraft just 
vanished 
:14 VH-DSJ say again 
17 FSU delta sierra juliet is the aircraft still with you 
:23 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet (it's ah nor) // open micro- 
phone for two seconds // (now) approaching from 
the southwest 
:37 FSU delta sierra juliet 
:52 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet the engine is rough idling 
I've got it set at twenty three twenty four and the 
thing is (coughing) 
1912:04 FSU delta sierra juliet roger what are your inten- 
tions 
:09 VH-DSJ my intentions are ah to go to King Island ah Mel- 
bourne that strange aircraft is hovering on top of 
me again // two seconds open microphone // it is 
hovering and it's not an aircraft 
:22 FSU DELTA SIERRA JULIET 
:28 VH-DSJ delta sierra juliet Melbourne // 17 seconds 
open microphone // 
:49 FSU DELTA SIERRA JULIET MELBOURNE 

There is no record of any further transmissions from the aircraft. The 
weather in the Cape Otway area was clear with a trace of stratocumulus 
cloud at 5000 to 7000 feet, scattered cirrus cloud at 30,000 feet, excellent 
visibility and light winds. The end of daylight at Cape Otway was at 1918 
hours.

The Alert Phase of SAR [Search and Rescue] procedures was de- 
clared at 1912 hours and, at 1933 hours when the aircraft did not arrive 
at King Island, the Distress Phase was declared and search action com- 
menced. An intensive air, sea and land search was continued until 25
October 1978, but no trace of the aircraft was found.36 

The search and rescue operation was headed by an RAAF Orion mar- 
itime reconnaissance aircraft assisted by some light aircraft. Although an 
oil slick was found about eighteen miles north of King Island on 22

October it was not established as having any connection with Valentich's 
plane. The Cessna was equipped with a radio survival beacon, but nothing 
was heard from it.37 

Paul Norman learned that aircraft pilots were requested to report sight- 
ings of UFOs and lights in the sky, and those who were flying at the 
same time and using the same radio frequency were instructed not to 
divulge any details of their communications. Attempts were made to make 
it look as though Valentich's plane was not in the location he reported.38

One month later the outline of a submerged aircraft was allegedly 
sighted about forty-eight miles north of King Island by the pilot of a 
Cessna 337 from Hawk Flying Service, who was unable however to 
confirm the observation on a second pass over the area. Aviation officials 
apparently dismissed the sighting because the seas were too rough and 
the water too deep for anything to have been seen on the seabed from 
the air.

Steve Robey, the Melbourne Flight Service Unit Controller, was ab- 
solutely convinced that Valentich was not perpetrating a hoax. "Towards 
the end I think he was definitely concerned for his safety," he said. 'T 
considered that he would have had to have been a good actor to have put 
it all together the way he did. ... It was a kind of rushed communication 
... as if he was startled."39 

The Tape 

Frederick Valentich's father, Guido, told me that he was given a copy 
of the recorded communications of his son by the Department of Trans- 
port, with Robey's voice deleted.40 But Bill Chalker has heard part of 
the complete tape which is in the possession of Dr. Richard Haines, a 
NASA research scientist.41 Haines' preliminary findings concluded that 
a strange seventeen-second burst of metallic noise which followed Val- 
entich's last transmission contained "36 separate bursts with fairly con- 
stant start and stop pulses bounding each one: there are no discernible 
patterns in time or frequency." The effect, Dr. Haines said, was similar 
to rapid keying of the microphone, but control tests were noticeably 
different from the original sound.42

As to the original tape, Bill Chalker told me that the Department of 
Aviation erased it, or so he was informed by the Assistant Secretary of 
Air Safety Investigation, A. R. Woodward, who also claimed that no 
further copies existed.

The Official Verdict 

In May 1982 the Bureau of Air Safety Investigation (Australian Depart- 
ment of Aviation) released its official findings "to parties having a bona 
fide interest in the occurrence." The Aircraft Accident Investigation Sum- 
mary Report concludes:

Location of occurrence: Not known 
Time: Not known 
Degree of injury: Presumed fatal 
Opinion as to cause: The reason for the disappearance of the 
aircraft has not been determined.

Bill Chalker was highly dissatisfied with this conclusion and tried to 
extract further information from G. V. Hughes, then Assistant Secretary 
of Air Safety Investigation. Chalker asked if there had been any further 
official investigation of a possible UFO connection with the disappear- 
ance. Hughes replied: "The RAAF is responsible for the investigation 
of reports concerning 'UFO' sightings, and liaison was established with 
the RAAF on these aspects of the investigation. The decision as to whether 
or not the 'UFO' report is to be investigated rests with the RAAF and 
not this Department." 

In 1982 Bill Chalker was given officially sanctioned, direct access to 
the RAAF UFO files, held by the Directorate of Air Force Intelligence 
in Canberra, but the file on the Valentich case was conspicuous by its 
absence.' 'The Intelligence Liaison Officer explained to me that the RAAF 
did not investigate the affair because they were not asked to by the 
Department of Aviation!" said Chalker. The RAAF saw the report as 
more appropriately in the domain of an air accident/safety inquiry, he 
was told.

In November 1982 Chalker was finally given permission to examine 
the Department of Aviation UFO files in Melbourne, but was specifically 
denied access to the Valentich file on the grounds that they were Air 
Accident Investigation files and not UFO files. Mr. G. V. Hughes ex- 
plained the reason for this:

The file concerning this occurrence is no more or less restricted than any 
other accident investigation file. As a signatory to the International Con- 
vention on Civil Aviation, we subscribe to the Standards and Recom- 
mended Practices contained in Annex 13 to the Convention, in respect of 
aircraft accident investigation specifically, when it is considered that the 
disclosure of records, for purposes other than accident prevention, might 
have an adverse effect on the availability of information in that or any 
future investigation, such records are considered privileged.43 

The Cessna Found?

In December 1982 Ron Cameron, an independent film producer working 
on a documentary about the Valentich case, told Bill Chalker that two 
divers had told him they had located the missing Cessna on the seabed 
off Cape Otway. The divers claimed to have taken sixteen photographs 
of the plane, and offered them to Cameron (together with details of the 
plane's position) for $10,000. Cameron understandably refused the offer 
in the absence of verification, but the divers did show him five photographs 
purporting to show the Cessna-mostly intact, and with the correct reg- 
istration marks. There was no body inside the aircraft, he was told.

A salvage operation was considered, involving the Department of Avia- 
tion, but the latter dropped the idea on the grounds that it would lead to 
unwelcome publicity. Cameron then lost track of the divers, one of whom 
supposedly joined the Coast Guard in California. In 1983 he was still 
considering the possibility of a salvage operation, but nothing further 
seems to have been done, and the story is widely regarded as a hoax.44 

What Happened to Valentich.

Many theories have been advanced to account for the mysterious dis- 
appearance of Delta Sierra Juliet and its young pilot, some feasible, others 
bizarre. Had Valentich staged the whole incident, for example? There is 
no evidence at all for this, other than an unsubstantiated rumor that he 
was seen alive and well and working at a gas service station in Tasmania.45

But Valentich had good reasons for completing the flight: to log up more 
night-flying experience, to pick up some crayfish in Tasmania for the 
officers of the Air Training Corps (of which he was an instructor), and 
to join his family and friends in a reunion back in Melbourne at 10:00 
p.m. that night. Also we have the testimony of Steve Robey, the Flight 
Service Unit Controller, who was convinced by the tone of Valentich's 
voice that he was genuinely alarmed.

Guido Valentich told me that his son was a very keen student of the 
UFO subject from the age of fifteen. "As he grew older and joined the 
Air Training Corps and going to various RAAF bases, he became more 
and more convinced of UFO existence and in other words he also con- 
vinced us, not in fear but in a friendly way to an expression that he would 
like perhaps to come to a close encounter." Guido added that his son 
had learned a lot about the subject from the RAAF. "I learned that he 
met a few Air Force pilots, especially last time when he was at one base 
for fifteen days in August-September 1978, when he came home more 
positive than ever on UFO existence." Had the RAAF or the government 
given Guido any explanation as to what had actually happened to his 
son? I asked. "No. The Department of Transport gave me a briefing on 
the search and how it was conducted for four days after my son went 
missing, and that was all," he said. "I have asked for the result of the 
analysis of the tape (air to ground) but they have not been able to give 
me any satisfactory answer of any kind." 

Unofficially, the chief co-ordinator of the search and rescue team, Mr.
Eddie, told Guido Valentich that he thought the Cessna had simply ditched 
in the water and disappeared within a minute, taking the pilot with it.

But as Guido pointed out, the Cessna 182 is constructed of modular units 
which should float on impact. Secondly, VHF radio would not be able 
to transmit below 1,000 feet from the aircraft's position of ninety miles 
from Melbourne, and Valentich's communications with the Flight Service 
Unit were loud and clear to the last word, as was the seventeen-second 
burst of "metallic" noise which followed. This confirms that he was still 
above 1,000 feet, and Guido is convinced that his son was still at 4,500 
feet when contact was lost.46 

Sightings on the Same Day 

Many people reported seeing UFOs on the same day and during the night 
of Valentich's disappearance, fifteen of which reports have survived rig- 
orous investigation, according to Bill Chalker. These sightings all took 
place between midday and 9:00 p.m., six in Victoria, one on King Island, 
and the rest further afield. Roy Manifold, who was vacationing at Crayfish 
Bay, Cape Otway, inadvertently took two photographs of peculiar objects 
just twenty minutes before Valentich reported his sighting. Of Manifold's 
six photos of the sunset, the fourth shows a "dense black lump" appar- 
ently stirring up the sea, while the sixth shows a strange mass situated 
in the sky directly above the anomaly in the fourth picture, taken some 
forty seconds earlier, which appears to show an object accompanied by 
a trail of small, bright blue shapes. 

Film faults and processing defects were ruled out by Kodak. The RAAF 
dismissed the sixth photo as showing nothing more than a cumulus cloud 
breaking up, but as Bill Chalker argues, this would require the cloud to 
have suddenly moved into view at over 200 mph, since it does not appear 
in any of the other frames.

We may never know exactly what happened to Frederick Valentich, 
but the evidence strongly suggests that he encountered an unidentified 
aerial object which was in some way responsible for his disappearance.

If so, the Australian government would have a good reason for playing 
down the incident-and the UFO subject in general.

On 2 May 1984 the RAAF curtailed its lengthy public association with 
the UFO controversy when the Minister of Defense, Gordon Scholes, 
stated: "The vast majority of reports submitted by the public have proved 
not to have a national security significance."48 This is probably correct, 
but what about the small residue of unexplained sightings by the public, 
to say nothing of military reports? It is self-evident that these are of 
enormous significance, and clearly affect national security. Yet the public 
must not be told the truth. 


=====================================================================
8. CANADA 

One of the most important documents on UFOs to be released in Canada 
is a hitherto top secret memorandum from Wilbert B. Smith, senior radio 
engineer with the Canadian government Department of Transport at the 
time and a highly respected scientist who held a master's degree in 
electrical engineering and several patents. The memo, dated 21 November 
1950, was sent to the Controller of Telecommunications, and recom- 
mended that a research project be set up to study the subject. 
"We believe that we are on the track of something which may well 
prove to be the introduction to a new technology," Smith wrote. "The 
existence of a different technology is borne out by the investigations 
which are being carried on at the present time in relation to flying sau- 
cers." Smith went on to state that through discreet inquiries made at the 
Canadian Embassy in Washington he had learned (from Dr. Robert Sar- 
bacher) that: 

a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States 
government, rating higher even than the H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made 
by a small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of 
tremendous significance.

Here we have incontrovertible evidence for the high security classi- 
fication attached to the subject. The reference to the "small group" 
headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush is equally significant, since in 1947, fol- 
lowing the retrieval of parts of a UFO near Roswell, New Mexico, a 
small, select group, code-named Majestic 12, was established to inform 
the President about UFO developments, and it was headed by Dr. Bush. 
(See Chapter 11.) 


PROJECT MAGNET, 1950-54 

The Department of Transport was not slow in accepting Smith's rec- 
ommendation, and on 2 December 1950 Project Magnet was established 
by Commander C. P. Edwards, then Deputy Minister of Transport for 
Air Services. Smith was appointed Engineer-in-Charge, with another two 
engineers and two technicians working part time. The broadcast and 
measurement section of the Telecommunications Division was given a 
directive to carry out the project with whatever assistance could be ob- 
tained from sources such as the Defense Research Board and National 
Research Council. Dr. O. M. Solandt, Chairman of the Defense Research 
Board, offered his full cooperation.l 
The Canadian government has continually tried to play down the work 
of Wilbert Smith and Project Magnet. In 1964, for example, the De- 
partment of Transport informed an inquirer: 
... we would reiterate that at no time has this Department carried out 
research into the field of unidentified flying objects. As stated by Mr.

Depuis in Hansard on December 4, 1963, a small program of investigation 
in the field of geomagnetics was carried out by the Telecommunications 
Division of this Department between 1950 and 1954. This minor inves- 
tigation was for the purpose of studying magnetic phenomena, particularly 
those phenomena resulting from unusual boundary conditions in the basic 
electromagnetic theory. . . . This personal project was at no expense to 
the Department, nor did it have any Departmental sponsorship.2

That the government was lying has now been established with the 
release of official Project Magnet documents, obtained by Arthur Bray.

One of these is the ''Summary of Sightings Reported to and Analyzed 
by Department of Transport During 1952," containing twenty-five UFO 
reports, from which I would like to cite two sightings by qualified ob- 
servers. The first took place at Halifax, Nova Scotia:

On June 15 at 8:32 a.m., A.S.T., a meteorological assistant on reserve 
army maneuvers, noticed what seemed to be a large silver disk in the sky 
southeast of Halifax. It moved southwest for about 30 seconds at an es- 
timated altitude of 5,000 to 8,000 feet and then ascended vertically and 
in 2 to 5 seconds merged in altocumulus clouds at 11,000 to 12,000 feet.

If the altitude estimates are correct, from the bearing and elevation data 
obtained from this observer, the diameter of the disk works out at about 
100 feet. A large standard aircraft was in the sky at the time and the object 
seemed to move much more rapidly than the plane. The object's speed 
was estimated to be at least 800 miles per hour.3

The second sighting occurred at MacDonald Airport, Manitoba, on 27
August 1952: 

A disk-shaped object with shadows on it as if it had an irregular surface 
was seen by two meteorological officers at 4:45 a.m., C.S.T. at MacDonald 
Airport. The object made two turns about the field and when struck by 
the light from the rotating beacon made off toward the northeast and was 
out of sight within a second. There was no sound whatsoever. The object 
glinted like shiny aluminum when the beacon light struck it.4

In an interim report on Project Magnet dated 25 June 1952, Wilbert 
Smith stated: 

If, as appears evident, the Flying Saucers are emissaries from some other 
civilization, and actually do operate on magnetic principles, we have before 
us the Fact that we have missed something in magnetic theory but have a 
good indication of the direction in which to look for the missing quantities.

It is therefore strongly recommended that the work of Project Magnet be 
continued and expanded to include experts in each of the various fields 
involved in these studies.5

On 10 August 1953 Smith filed another report on Project Magnet, 
which contained some astonishing conclusions: 

It appears then, that we are faced with a substantial probability of the real 
existence of extraterrestrial vehicles, regardless of whether they fit into 
our scheme of things. Such vehicles of necessity must use a technology 
considerably in advance of what we have. It is therefore submitted that 
the next step in this investigation should be a substantial effort toward the 
acquisition of as much as possible of this technology, which would without 
doubt be of great value to us.6 

The Canadian government has denied that Smith's conclusions are in 
any way representative of "officialdom" and Smith himself disclaimed 
official status for the report, emphasizing that it simply represented his 
own views and those of his small research group. It was neither endorsed 
nor rejected by the government, yet Smith's credentials and integrity are 
beyond dispute, and for years afterward he continued to represent his 
department before the House of Commons Broadcasting Committee.7 

In December 1953 Smith set up a UFO detecting station at Shirleys 
Bay, outside Ottawa, with registering devices including a gamma ray 
counter, a magnetometer, a radio receiver, and a recording gravimeter.

But so intent were government scientists to avoid being associated with 
such a controversial project that even on the day the station went into 
operation Dr. Solandt was quoted as saying that reports of its establish- 
ment were completely untrue. In fact, the building housing the detecting 
equipment was loaned to Smith by the Defense Research Board, of which 
Dr. Solandt was Chairman.

A definitely anomalous disturbance was recorded on 8 August 1954, 
but heavy fog prevented Smith and his associates from seeing anything 
in the sky. Perhaps coincidentally, the Department of Transport an- 
nounced two days later that it was closing down the station, although the 
actual decision to do so had been made in June that year. Smith explained 
that the reason for discontinuing Project Magnet was that it had become 
an embarrassment to the government due to unwelcome publicity. But 
Smith himself was given the go ahead to continue with the project on an 
unofficial basis in his own free time. As researcher Arthur Bray com- 
ments, a cover-up is indicated by the fact that the public was led to believe 
that the government was no longer interested in flying saucers.8 


PROJECT SECOND STORY, 1952-54 

In April 1952 another secret government committee, separate from Project 
Magnet, but also involving Wilbert Smith, was established by Dr. O. M.

Solandt, Chairman of the Defense Research Board. With the code name 
of Project Second Story, the committee comprised the following members:

Flight Lieutenant V. L. Bradley, Defense Research Board; Group Captain 
D. M. Edwards, Directorate of Air Intelligence; Dr. Peter Millman (Chair- 
man), Dominion Observatory; H. C. Oatway (Secretary), Defense Re- 
search Board; Commander J. C. Pratt, Directorate of Naval Intelligence; 
Wilbert B. Smith, Department of Transport.

According to the minutes made available to Arthur Bray by the National 
Research Council, only five meetings took place, although it is known 
that there were more. The minutes of the first meeting on 21 April 1952 
refer to a Royal Canadian Air Force report relating to the US Air Force 
Project Blue Book UFO investigation. This report was not made available, 
but Bray was eventually able to acquire a copy from a private source.

Hitherto classified secret, the RCAF document noted that there were 
certain patterns of sightings over major US port areas and atomic energy 
establishments, and that five percent of the reports came from scientists 
at the White Sands (missile) Proving Grounds, New Mexico. The report 
concluded with hopes that an official exchange of data could take place 
between Canada and the United States.

At the fifth meeting, on 9 March 1953, it was pointed out that although 
the evidence to date did not warrant a full-scale investigation by the 
Canadian armed forces, reports should continue to be collected at a central 
point, namely, the Directorate of Scientific Intelligence, Defense Re- 
search Board. The minutes make it clear that Project Second Story should 
continue to hold meetings at the discretion of the Chairman, yet no further 
minutes have been made officially available since they are probably still 
classified. Among them are almost certainly the minutes of a meeting to 
discuss Wilbert Smith's extraordinary Project Magnet report, dated 10

August 1953, wherein he concluded that "we are faced with the sub- 
stantial probability of the real existence of extraterrestrial vehicles."

Arthur Bray was informed by a reliable source that this report went as 
high as Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent, who held it for three months.

Dr. Allen McNamara of the National Research Council admitted in a 
letter to Arthur Bray that the Project Magnet report was submitted to the 
Project Second Story Committee in 1953, but that "Mr. Smith's conclu- 
sions were not supported by his own Department or the Second Story 
Committee."9 Why then are the minutes of this and other meetings still 
classified? A clue to the degree of sensitivity over the UFO projects is 
contained in a Canadian government memorandum in my possession, 
dated 15 September 1969, which states in part: 

Dr. P. M. Millman, National Research council, has advised me that the 
documents reporting the results of the Second Story studies in project 
"Magnet" be declassified. . . . Since the question of flying saucers is still 
attracting public attention and since this file covers documents relating to 
the studies behind project "Magnet" and, indeed, records much of the 
discussion in the Department of Transport surrounding project "Magnet" 
which is confidential in nature, it is recommended that this file be down 
classified at least to the confidential level. At no time should it be made 
available to the public. [Emphasis added] 

Eventually, as we have seen, certain Project Magnet and Second Story 
documents were released to bona fide researchers, but there is no doubt 
that some of the material is still classified. Arthur Bray subsequently 
acquired a copy of the minutes of another Project Second Story meeting 
from a private source. The government transmittal slip is dated 15 March 
1954, and it is assumed that the meeting was held no earlier than a few 
weeks prior to that date. The minutes contain nothing really interesting, 
however, apart from some comments by Wilbert Smith on the experiments 
being conducted at the Shirleys Bay detecting station: 

Whether the phenomenae be due to natural magnetic causes, or alien 
vehicles, there would probably be associated with a sighting some magnetic 
or radio noise disturbance. Also, there is a possibility of gamma radiation 
being associated with such phenomenae. It has been suggested by some 
mathematicians that gravity waves may exist in reality. . . . While we 
know practically nothing of such waves in nature, nevertheless, if the 
possibility exists, flying saucer phenomenae, being largely an unknown 
field, might be a good place to look for such waves.10 


Physical Evidence 

During a recorded interview with C. W. Fitch and George Popovitch in 
November 1961, Wilbert Smith admitted that a number of fragments from 
UFOs had been recovered and analyzed by his research group, including 
one that had been shot from a UFO near Washington, DC, in July 1952.

Said Smith:
I was informed that the disk was glowing and was about two feet in 
diameter. A glowing chunk flew off and the pilot saw it glowing all the 
way to the ground. He radioed his report and a ground party hurried to 
the scene. The thing was still glowing when they found it an hour later.

The entire piece weighed about a pound. The segment that was loaned to 
me was about one third of that. It had been sawed off. . . .

There was iron rust-the thing was in reality a matrix of magnesium 
orthosilicate. The matrix had great numbers-thousands-of 15-micron 
spheres scattered through it.

Smith was asked if he had returned the piece to the US Air Force when 
he had completed his analysis. "Not the Air Force. Much higher than 
that," he replied. "The Central Intelligence Agency?" asked the inter- 
viewers. "I'm sorry, gentlemen, but I don't care to go beyond that point," 
said Smith, but added, "I can say to you that it went to the hands of a 
highly classified group. You will have to solve that problem-their 
identity-for yourselves."11 

In my opinion, that group was Majestic 12, 
referred to earlier in this chapter and elsewhere.

Wilbert Smith also confirmed that a mass of unidentified metal was 
recovered by his group in July 1960 in Canada. "There is about three 
thousand pounds of it," he told Fitch and Popovitch during the same 
interview.

We have done a tremendous amount of detective work on this metal. . . .

We have something that was not brought to this earth by plane nor by boat 
nor by any helicopter. We are speculating that what we have is a portion 
of a very large device which came into this solar system-we don't know 
when-but it had been in space a long time before it came to earth; we 
can tell that by the micrometeorites embedded in the surface. . . . We 
have it but we don't know what it is!12 

Naturally, all such documentation on these cases, which simply must 
have been discussed by the Project Second Story Committee, remains 
classified to this day. And how curious that in an interview in 1969, Dr.
Peter Millman, former Chairman of the committee, should say that me- 
teorites are the "only proven thing that comes from outer space that we 
can examine. After all, we've never had a piece of a flying saucer."13 


UFOS FOLLOW BRITISH AIRLINER OVER LABRADOR, 1954 

Although the following case has frequently been cited in the literature, 
I have included it here because the principal witness's own account is 
less well known and is more accurate than previous versions.

Captain James Howard was in command of a British Overseas Airways 
Corporation (now British Airways) Boeing Stratocruiser, G-ALSC, Flight 
510-196 from New York to London via Goose Bay, on 29 June 1954, 
which left New York at 21:03 GMT. About thirty minutes later, nearing 
the boundary of New York Air Traffic Center, Boston informed Captain 
Howard to hold at a position somewhere near the coast of Rhode Island.

No reason for the hold was given, but Howard assumed that there was 
conflicting traffic ahead. After about ten to twelve minutes he pointed 
out to Boston that his fuel reserves were not limitless, and requested 
onward clearance. Control then said he could proceed providing that he 
accepted a detour via Cape Cod, rejoining the original track well north 
of Boston.

About three hours later, crossing the St. Lawrence estuary near Seven 
Islands, Quebec, flying at 19,000 feet above broken cloud at about 14,000 
feet, Captain Howard saw some strange objects:

They were moving at about the same speed as we were (230 knots approx) 
on a parallel course, maybe 3 or 4 miles to the north west of us (we were 
heading NE). They were below the cloud at this time, at a guess at 8,000 
ft. Soon after crossing the coast into Labrador, the cloud layer was left 
behind and the objects were now clearly in view, seeming to have climbed 
more nearly to our altitude. At this time the sun was low to the northwest, 
sky clear, visibility unlimited.

Captain Howard and the crew had ample time to study and sketch the 
objects as they accompanied the airliner for twenty minutes. Some pas- 
sengers had also seen the objects and were staring out of the windows 
on the port side. Howard reported:

There was one large object and six smaller globular things. The small ones 
were strung out in a line, sometimes 3 ahead and 3 behind the large one, 
sometimes 2 ahead and 4 behind, and so on, but always at the same level.

The large object was continually, slowly, changing shape, in the way that 
a swarm of bees might alter its appearance. They appeared to be opaque 
and hard-edged, gray in color, no lights or flames visible.

After watching the UFOs for ten minutes or so, Captain Howard judged 
that he was now within VHF radio range of Goose Bay, Labrador, so he 
asked his co-pilot, Lee Boyd, to request information from control.

They asked us to describe what we were seeing, and told us that they had 
an F-94 on patrol and would vector him toward us. (The F-94 was a radar- 
equipped two-seat fighter.) A little later Goose Bay asked us to change 
frequency and talk direct to the fighter. On doing so we learned that he 
had us in radar contact-no mention of anything else visible. I gave him 
a bearing of the objects from us, and as I did so I noticed that the small 
objects had disappeared. (My navigator who was watching'them closely 
at this time said that they appeared to converge on, and enter, the large 
one.) 

As the F-94 approached, the large object dwindled in size, still on the 
same relative bearing as the Stratocruiser, and after a few seconds dis- 
appeared. Captain Howard then started his descent into Goose Bay for 
the refueling stop, and landed at 01:45 GMT. "We were questioned at 
length by USAF Intelligence at Goose Bay (who, incidentally, seemed 
totally unsurprised at the sighting-they told us there had been several 
others in the Labrador area recently)," said Howard. "We left Goose 
Bay at 03:14 GMT for London, arriving at 12:27 on the 30th."

Captain Howard subsequently learned that a doctor and his wife, who 
were on holiday in Massachusetts, had seen a number of objects flying 
overhead in a northeasterly direction at about the time the Stratocruiser 
was being held near the coast of Rhode Island. Unfortunately, Goose 
Bay had only short range airfield control radar at the time, and the F-94 
did not report having tracked the objects on its radar equipment. Since 
the Stratocruiser left for London before the fighter returned, Captain 
Howard had no opportunity to question the crew. But if the hold was 
caused by unidentified traffic in the Boston control area, Howard sur- 
mised, the objects were presumably tracked on radar there.14 


MORE OFFICIAL CONTRADICTIONS 

In a classified Canadian government memorandum of December 1957, 
the contents of which were later forwarded by the Department of External 
Affairs to the High Commissioner's Office in London in response to an 
inquiry, it was stated that: "The RCAF has no official policy concerning 
the subject [of UFOs]. There is no office within the National Defense 
Headquarters commissioned to deal with the reports of these phenom- 
ena. . . . There has never been a serious investigation of any report on 
file at AFHQ [Air Force Headquarters]."15 

That the Royal Canadian Air Force was seriously concerned with the 
UFO subject has been established with the release of the hitherto secret 
RCAF report, dating back to 1952, referred to earlier, in which the hope 
was expressed that there would be future cooperation between the RCAF 
and the US Air Force. Also, two of the committee members of the secret 
Project Second Story group were Flight Lieutenant Bradley (Defense 
Research Board) and Group Captain Edwards (Directorate of Air Intel- 
ligence), so the statement that "there has never been a serious investi- 
gation of any report on file at AFHQ" is nonsense.

In February 1959 the Department of National Defense instituted a series 
of Communications Instructions for Reporting Vital Intelligence Sightings16, 
in line with the US Joint Chiefs of Staff JANAP 146 procedure orders 
of the same title. Later, cooperation between the United States and Canada 
in the reporting of UFOs was laid down, for example, in the Canadian- 
United States Communications Instructions for Reporting Vital Intelli- 
gence Sightings (CIRVIS) JANAP 146 (E), issued in March 1966 by the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff as well as the Canadian Defense Staff. This publi- 
cation lists instructions for the reporting of "information of vital impor- 
tance to the security of the United States of America and Canada and 
their forces, which in the opinion of the observer, requires very urgent 
defensive and/or investigative action by the US and/or Canadian armed 
forces." Sightings within the scope of JANAP 146 include "Unidentified 
flying objects" as distinct from "Hostile or unidentified single aircraft 
or formations of aircraft," and there are lengthy and elaborate instructions 
for reporting UFOs.17 

Further proof for the serious involvement of the Canadian armed forces, 
and the RCAF in particular, is contained in a memorandum dated 24

November 1967 from Wing Commander D. F. Robertson, together with 
other documents. In 1967 it was decided to transfer the RCAF UFO files 
to the National Research Council. "If NRC accepts the responsibility of 
investigating UFOs and they work with the University of Toronto in 
cooperation with DND [Department of National Defense], in my opinion 
we are on the right track,' wrote Robertson nine days after he had 
prepared a lengthy brief on UFOs in the hope that the NRC would un- 
dertake responsibility for continuing investigations. Robertson's file con- 
tained several reports which he had hoped would convince the NRC that 
extraterrestrial activity was behind some of the sightings in Canada.

So why was the RCAF apparently no longer interested in UFO re- 
search? An unsigned assessment of Wing Commander Robertson's brief 
stated: "The marked increase in the air section administrative work load 
which is directed toward actioning UFO reports is reaching a stage which 
is considered detrimental to the primary operational responsibilities and 
duties of the section," and blamed high administrative costs during the 
previous year and "overzealousness" on the part of its research team.

Another and more significant reason was given for the DND opting out 
of UFO research: "The primary interest of UFOs lies in the field of 
science and, to a lesser degree, to one that is associated with national 
security."18 [Emphasis added] 

In February 1968 the NRC agreed to become the government's official 
archive for all existing and subsequent UFO reports, and the files were 
kept in an office of the Council's Upper Atmosphere Section (Astro- 
physics Branch) in Ottawa. This was apparently only a custodial function, 
however, and the NRC neither solicited nor investigated UFO reports. 
"We do not feel, in general, that there's any point in us spending any 
time and energy chasing all over after such vague reports. I think we 
have better things to do," said Dr. Allen G. McNamara, head of the 
Upper Atmosphere Section.19 "No scientific evidence indicates that any 
of these objects are of extraterrestrial origins." But there was one 
dissenting voice, at least. Professor Rupert Macneill, a geologist on the 
NRC's Associate Committee on Meteorites, commented: "I may be 
wrong. . . . But my opinion is that there are definitely things that are 
being seen that we know nothing about, and as far as I'm concerned, 
they're definitely real. They've got to be! Now if we don't know what 
these things are, and if we can find out, we should do so."21

Although the NRC supposedly undertook only custodial duties re- 
garding UFO reports, a letter from the Department of National Defense 
in my possession, dated 1972, states that since the beginning of 1968 
"UFO reports received by the Canadian forces are passed to the National 
Research Council. The branch examines reports for scientific reasons 
warranting further investigation. The Department of National Defense 
and other federal goverment agencies may be called upon to carry out 
these investigations for NRC." So, the NRC was definitely involved in 
investigations, despite statements to the contrary.

The DND letter goes on to state its official position on the subject: 
"We neither agree with nor deny the existence of UFOs. Investigations 
to date indicate that there is no evidence to suggest that UFOs present a 
threat to the world, however, certain reports suggest that they exhibit a 
unique scientific or advance technology that could possibly contribute to 
scientific or technical research." [Emphasis added] 

The 1972 letter confirms that prior to 1968 all sightings of UFOs 
reported to Canadian Forces Headquarters were investigated by the Di- 
rector of Operations, but that "it has not been the practice to allow the 
general public to study these files."22 

Having written a letter to Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau in 1971, the 
former RCAF and Navy pilot Arthur Bray was referred to the Department 
of External Affairs, from whom he received the following interesting 
comment on the official attitude: "The Canadian government does not 
underestimate the seriousness of the question of UFOs and this matter is 
being kept under consideration and study in a number of departments and 
agencies."23 [Emphasis added] 

One of those departments was the Institute for Aerospace Studies at 
the University of Toronto, which commenced a study into UFOs in late 
1967, headed by Dr. Gordon Patterson. In October 1968 the press reported 
that this study group was on the verge of collapse "owing to a lack of 
something to investigate."24 Arthur Bray failed to obtain any information 
from the Institute, however, and neither was any report forthcoming from 
scientists at the IAS despite the fact that it is normal procedure for such 
reports to be made public.25 


COVER-UP 

In 1964 an enormous circular object, spewing flame-colored exhaust, 
passed slowly over a car occupied by Bert Gammie and his mother and 
daughter. After he telephoned the RCAF in Vancouver, Gammie was 
visited by a senior officer who carried a briefcase full of UFO photographs 
to make comparisons. The officer, whom Gammie knew, emphasized 
that despite their acquaintanceship he would deny having been there if 
the visit received any publicity.26 

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police also takes UFO sightings very 
seriously, and has received hundreds of reports over the years. Former 
RCMP officer John Pushie confirms that he has spoken to people who 
have served in military radar stations, as well as other people, who had 
apparently seen something but had been afraid to say anything about it. 
"I realize that many government agencies take UFO sightings seriously, 
the RCMP being one," he admitted in 1980. "Policy in the past has 
been to report all investigations concerning sightings on 'Secret' letter- 
head. I can personally vouch for this as I served with the RCMP for five 
years." 

On 3 December 1979 Pushie managed to take seven photographs of 
an unidentified object (four of which came out) from his home at Sydney, 
Nova Scotia, which he showed to the CFS Sydney Radar Base Com- 
manding Officer, who said he would like to send the photographs and 
negatives to the National Research Council. One month later they were 
returned, with a memo stating that Pushie had probably photographed 
the star Vega. Needless to say, he was far from satisfied with this ex- 
planation, since at one point the object he saw "moved from its position 
so quickly after spending so long in one spot."

Pushie also relates a sighting that took place in Sydney in July of 1968.

A man was driving his car around Blacketts Lake Road when he noticed 
a saucer-shaped object descending below the treeline near the lake. He 
parked his car and ran toward the object along a trail through the woods.

When he was about seventy-five feet from the object, which was now 
hovering about six feet above the ground in a clearing adjacent to the 
lake, it suddenly took off. The RCMP were called and while carrying 
out their investigation blocked off both access roads to the lake. "The 
incident received very little media coverage," said Pushie. "No further 
facts were made available."27 

Bill Toffan, a young RCMP constable, sighted a UFO on Highway 
16 about sixty miles east of Prince Rupert, British Columbia, in April 
1976. As he drew closer to it there was a blinding flash and he nearly 
lost control of his car. After a brief press report appeared, Toffan was 
ordered not to discuss the incident. But RCMP subdivision head Edward 
Trefry denied that there was a cover-up. "We're not trying to hide any- 
thing" he said. "It's simply policy which has been laid down throughout 
this subdivision that all press releases are made by senior personnel at 
each detachment instead of by the individual officer."28 

Researcher Henry McKay has experienced difficulties in dealing with 
the National Research Council which have contributed to suspicions of 
a cover-up. In 1969 he submitted his field notes on a particular case to 
the NRC. A year later when he went back to determine the results of 
their investigation, they claimed they had no information on the case, 
but after McKay pointed out that he had submitted certain data to a specific 
individual and office, the file was suddenly discovered. Bureaucracy 
rather than secrecy, one wonders? On another occasion some substance 
from an alleged UFO landing site discovered by a farmer in southern 
Ontario was submitted to the NRC by the Ontario Provisional Police. 
"The substance was turned over to the Ontario government forensic lab 
and to this date they haven't released the results of their analysis," McKay 
reports. "The only official answer I got was that it was a police matter 
and didn't concern me." 


THE FALCON LAKE INCIDENT, 1967 

By far the most evidential case ever to have been reported in Canada is 
that of Stephen Michalak, who encountered a landed UFO near Falcon 
Lake, on the boundary between Manitoba and Ontario, on 20 May 1967.

For the following summary I am indebted to Chris Rutkowski's thorough 
analysis in Flying Saucer Review, which I have leaned heavily on.

At 12:15 p.m. that day Michalak, who was engaged in some amateur 
prospecting, was startled to see two cigar-shaped objects with "bumps" 
on them, glowing red, and descending. The objects appeared more oval 
and disk shaped as they came closer. Suddenly, the object furthest away 
stopped in midair as the other came nearer and then landed about 160 
feet away. The object in the air hovered for a short period then departed 
silently, changing color from red to orange to gray, then back to orange 
as it disappeared behind clouds. The craft on the ground also changed 
color, from red to gray and finally "hot stainless steel," surrounded by 
a goldenish glow. It was about thirty-five feet in diameter and twelve 
feet high. 

Michalak knelt on a rock as he observed the object through welding 
goggles that he normally wore to protect his eyes from chips of rock. A 
dazzling purple light flooded out of openings in the upper part of the 
object. The witness sat on the rock for the next half hour, sketching the 
object and noting as many details as possible. Waves of warm air and a 
smell of sulphur radiated from the craft, and there were noises like the 
whirring of an electric motor as well as a hissing sound.

A door then opened in the side of the craft, with lights coming from 
the inside. Michalak decided to approach closer, and when he was sixty 
feet away heard two human-like voices, one higher pitched than the other.

Convinced by now that the device was a new experimental American 
aircraft, he asked the occupants if they were having trouble. There was 
no response, although the voices had subsided, so he asked in Russian, 
"'Do you speak Russian?" There was still no response, even when he 
tried German, Italian, French, and Ukrainian, then English again.

Michalak approached even closer-so close that the light from it be- 
came unbearable, so he pushed down the tinted green lenses on his goggles 
and peered inside the opening. He saw a "maze" of lights on a panel, 
and beams of light in horizontal and diagonal patterns, as well as a group 
of lights flashing in a random sequence. He then stepped back and awaited 
a reaction.

Suddenly, three panels closed completely over the opening, so Mich- 
alak began to examine the side of the craft with his gloved hand. He 
could see no indications of welding or joints, and the surface was highly 
polished, appearing like colored glass reflecting light. When he pulled 
his hand back he found that the glove had burned and melted, as had his 
hat. The craft-or at least the rim-then seemed to change position, for 
he found himself facing a grid-type "exhaust vent," which he had noticed 
earlier to the left of the opening. A blast of hot air then struck his chest, 
setting his shirt and vest alight, causing severe pain. He ripped these off 
and looked up to see the craft taking off like the first object, and felt a 
rush of air.

A strong smell similar to burned electrical circuits combined with 
sulphur pervaded the air. Michalak's burning clothes set some moss on 
fire, so he stamped on the ground to extinguish the flames and then walked 
back to where he had left his things. He noticed that his compass was 
behaving erratically, but after a short while went back to normal. Re- 
turning to the landing site, which looked as though it had been swept 
clean apart from a fifteen-foot circle of pine needles, dirt, and leaves, 

Michalak began to suffer from a pounding headache as well as nausea.
He headed back to his motel, vomiting frequently on the way.

On reaching the highway, Michalak realized that he was now about a 
mile from where he had originally entered the woods, so set off in the 
correct direction. A passing RCMP officer stopped in his car, listened to 
Michalak's story, and then left, explaining that he had other duties to 
perform. The witness eventually made it back to the motel, but believing 
he was "contaminated," decided to remain outside. At 4:00 p.m., how- 
ever, he went into the motel coffee shop and asked for a doctor, but as 
the nearest was forty-five miles away he decided to catch the next bus 
home to Winnipeg. While waiting, he telephoned the Winnipeg Tribune. 
"The pain was unbearable. ... I was afraid that I had ruined my health 
and visualized the resulting hell should I become disabled," he said. 
"There had to be some way of getting medical help. ... I thought of 
the press. ... I did not want to alarm my wife, or cause a panic in the 
family. I phoned her as a last resort, telling her that I had been in an 
accident." When he arrived home his son took him to Misericordia 
Hospital, where he stayed overnight.

Physiological Effects 

On arrival at the hospital Michalak refrained from telling the examining 
physician the full story, preferring to say only that he had been burned 
by "exhaust coming out of an airplane." He was treated for first-degree 
burns and released. Two days later he was examined by his family doctor, 
who prescribed pain-killers and seasickness tablets. Tests a week later 
by the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment showed no radiation 
above the normal background level.

For several days after the incident Michalak was unable to keep his 
food down and lost twenty-two pounds. His blood lymphocyte count was 
down from twenty-five to sixteen percent, returning to normal after four 
weeks. Medical reports also showed that he had skin infections, "having 
hive-like areas with impetiginous centers." He suffered from diarrhea, 
"generalized urticaria" (hives), and periodically felt weak, dizzy, and 
nauseated. He also experienced numbness and chronic swelling of the 
joints. An "awful stench" seemed to come from inside his body at times.

A hematologist's report indicated that Michalak's blood had "some 
atypical lymphoid cells in the marrow plus a moderate increase in the 
number of plasma cells." The witness also complained of a burning 
sensation around his neck and chest, and occasions when his body "turned 
violet," his hands swelled "like a balloon," his vision failed and he 
lapsed into unconsciousness.

In August 1968 Michalak spent two weeks at the Mayo Clinic in 
Rochester, Minnesota, USA, at his own expense. He was found to be in 
good health, apart from neurological dermatitis, and simple syncope (fainting 
spells due to sudden cerebral blood pressure loss) attributed to hyper- 
ventilation or impaired cardiac input (Michalak had been suffering from 
heart problems for a number of years). Psychiatric tests showed no evi- 
dence of delusions, hallucinations or other emotional disorders.30 A pe- 
culiar geometric pattern of burn marks which appeared on Michalak's 
chest and abdomen was diagnosed as being thermal in origin. The marks 
matched the "exhaust grill" of the UFO, which had about thirty small 
openings.

Altogether, Michalak was examined by a total of twenty-seven doctors, 
and none was able fully to explain the cause of his symptoms.31 Inves- 
tigations were carried out by the Departments of Health and Social Wel- 
fare, National Defense, the National Research Council, the University 
of Colorado, the Canadian Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, the 
RCMP, the RCAF, as well as at the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Es- 
tablishment. Dr. Horace Dudley, former Chief of the Radioisotope Lab- 
oratory, US Naval Hospital, New York, believes that the symptoms of 
nausea and vomiting, followed by diarrhea, loss of weight, and the drop 
in the lymphocyte count, "is a classical picture of severe whole body 
[exposure to] radiation with X or gamma rays. 
"I would guess," said Dr. Dudley, "that Mr. Michalak received in 
the order of 100-200 roentgens. It is very fortunate that this dose of 
radiation only lasted a very short time or he would certainly have received 
a lethal dose . . ."32 

Findings at the Landing Site 

Stewart Hunt, an investigator for the Department of Health and Social 
Welfare, found a small contaminated area at the landing site, no larger 
than 100 square inches, that showed a "significant" level of radium 226, 
for which no satisfactory explanation could be found. Tests conducted 
by the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment, however, apparently 
revealed nothing abnormal, and in June 1979 a reanalysis confirmed that 
all the energies detected could be adequately explained in terms of the 
decay of natural uranium. Despite these findings, the radiation found by 
Hunt was of sufficient quantity for the Radiation Protection Division to 
consider restricting entry to the forest area in 1967.

A year after the encounter, Michalak returned to the landing site with 
a friend and, using a Geiger counter, discovered two "W-shaped" silver 
bars, four and a half inches in length, as well as some other chunks of 
the same material, under some lichen above which the UFO was alleged 
to have hovered. In spite of doubts raised by the University of Colorado 
UFO Project investigator Roy Craig, researcher Brian Cannon found that 
the silver concentration was "much higher than would normally be found 
in native silver such as sterling or coinage," though the amount of copper, 
at one or two percent, was consistent with commercial silver, if less than 
many specimens. The metal showed signs of heating, bending, and ra- 
dioactivity, and was imbedded on the outside with fine quartz crystals as 
well as small crystals of a uranium silicate material and pitchblende, and 
feldspar and hematite. Yet why, asks Chris Rutkowski, was this silver 
missed earlier by other investigators.

Official Reactions 

Squadron Leader P. Bissky, representing the Royal Canadian Air Force, 
concluded that the entire case was a hoax, yet a statement in the National 
Research Council's Non-Meteoritic (i.e. UFO) Sightings File (Depart- 
ment of National Defense, DND 222) reads: "Neither the DND, nor the 
RCMP investigation teams were able to provide evidence which could 
dispute Mr. Michalak's story." And the RCMP forensic analysis was 
"unable to reach any conclusion as to what may have caused the burn 
damage" to Michalak's clothing.

On 27 May 1967 MP Ed Schreyer asked in the House of Commons 
about UFO investigations, with the Michalak case in mind. The Speaker 
of the House "cut off the subject without government reply.*' On 6

November 1967 Defense Minister Leo Cadieux, replying to requests by 
several Cabinet members to obtain information on the Michalak case, 
stated that "if is not the intention of the Department of National Defense 
to make public the report of the alleged sighting.'" On 11 November 
1967 Ed Schreyer (who subsequently became Governor-General) formally 
placed a written question on the Commons order paper seeking infor- 
mation on UFOs.

On 14 October 1968-seventeen months after the incident-House 
Leader Donald MacDonald refused MP Barry Mather access to reports 
on the Michalak case. But on 6 February 1969 Mather was given per- 
mission by a member of the Privy Council to examine their file on UFOs, 
"from which a few pages have simply been removed/' Significantly, it 
was stated that outright release of the file "would not be in the public's 
interest and [would] create a dangerous precedent that would not con- 
tribute to the good administration of the country's business."33

Although most of the government report on the Michalak case was 
eventually made available to inquirers at the National Research Council, 
the complete file has never been released. In 1982, when the Canadian 
government passed the Freedom of Information Act, researcher Graham 
Conway filed a FOIA request for the Michalak file, which an authoritative 
document listed as being the most complete and extensive among the 
UFO reports, containing between 125 and 150 pages. He received only 
113 pages.

Graham Conway has confirmed that the Canadian government clan- 
destinely collects UFO material on a daily basis from all the various UFO 
groups that keep up to date with developments in the field.34 


FURTHER SIGHTINGS BY PILOTS 

Less than six weeks after the Falcon Lake incident, three air traffic 
controllers and two technicians monitoring an eastbound Air Canada flight 
suddenly noticed an unknown object on the radarscope, heading at high 
speed toward Kenora, Ontario. The date was 7 July 1967, and later that 
evening the same or a similar object was detected on the Kenora Airport 
radarscope, heading northeast. For a total of three hours the object de- 
scribed a series of maneuvers, executing 180° turns and chasing two Air 
Canada flights before resuming its original northeast heading and finally 
disappearing from the radarscope.

On 15 November 1967 the crew of Quebec Air, Flight 650, sighted a 
very bright object at the end of the runway at Sept-iles, Quebec. It was 
larger than a star, stationary, and at an unknown altitude.

In July 1974 a Scandinavian Airlines captain flying thirty-five to forty 
miles southeast of Quebec City reported a triangular-shaped object moving 
in a southwesterly direction. During the sighting, Bagotville [AirportJ 
experienced radio frequency interference.36

On 10 October 1974 John Breen, a Canadian armed forces pilot, was 
paced by a UFO over Newfoundland, en route from Deer Lake to Gander.

A passenger flying with him first noticed a strange light following the 
plane when they were about fifty miles from Gander. Every time Breen 
looked at the light it seemed to turn off, but finally he got a better view 
of it. "It seemed to be a sort of triangle-or delta-shaped, luminescent 
greenish light following us," Breen told investigator Gregory Kanon. "It 
was on for, say, two or three or four seconds and then off for a bit and 
on again. It was fairly regular. And then, as it carried on, it became 
pretty well a steady light." 

About twenty-five to thirty miles from Gander, Breen radioed the 
airport and asked if they had any other traffic in the vicinity. They replied 
in the negative. "Then I said, well, we've definitely got an aircraft or 
something here with us," Breen reported. The object was not a reflection 
of his Cessna 150's lights, and about fourteen miles north of the airport, 
where the Gander River opens out into Gander Lake, the object could 
clearly be seen reflected in the water, but when flying over land the 
reflection could no longer be seen. 

"I started a right turn and then cut hard left," Breen said. "Gander 
then picked up the object for two or three sweeps, which would have 
been about 10 to 12 seconds. When we turned around, I just saw it going 
off the other way and then I lost it because of the back of the airplane."

Less than ten hours later, at approximately 4:15 a.m. on 11 October 
1974, an unidentified object was sighted by the captain and crew of a 
Capital Airlines DC-8 airliner, en route to Gander Airport at 7,500 feet.

The object drew alongside the plane, flashing red and white lights, main- 
taining a parallel course until finally disappearing in cloud cover about 
five miles from Gander. The airliner was flying at approximately 290 
mph at the time, and the object maintained the same speed but occasionally 
accelerated a little ahead of the jet, then resumed its position alongside.

Both the captain and first officer stated that the object was not an aircraft, 
and Air Traffic Control Gander confirmed that no other aircraft were in 
the vicinity.38 

The following week, the pilot of a small private plane nearly collided 
with a gigantic, apparently metallic object which shot across a runway 
at Saint Anthony, Newfoundland.39 

Researcher Arthur Bray contacted Transport Canada, the department 
responsible for civil air safety in Canada, and inquired about official 
studies and regulations regarding sightings of UFOs reported by pilots. 
"No studies on UFOs have been carried out by Transport Canada," a 
senior official informed him, "nor does Transport Canada have any reg- 
ulations regarding UFOs."40 


RADAR/VISUAL CASE AT FALCONBRIDGE, 1975 

In October and November 1975 a spate of low-level UFO sightings over 
Strategic Air Command bases in Maine, Michigan, Montana, and North 
Dakota caused widespread official concern, particularly since some of 
the unknown objects exhibited a * 'clear intent'' over nuclear missile sites.

A log extract from the Alert Center Branch of the US Air Force Aerospace 
Intelligence Division, on 31 October, mentions sightings near the Ca- 
nadian border: "contacted cia ops center and informed them of 
U/I FLIGHT ACTIVITY OVER TWO SAC BASES NEAR CANADIAN BORDER. CIA 
INDICATED APPRECIATION AND REQUESTED THEY BE INFORMED OF ANY 
FOLLOW UP ACTIVITY." 

Then, on 11 November, a UFO was reported visually and tracked on 
radar at the Canadian forces radar site at Falconbridge, Ontario. The 
following message from the Commander-in-Charge of North American 
Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) was relayed to NORAD units 
in North America: 

THIS MORNING, 11 NOV 75, CFS FALCONBRIDGE REPORTED SEARCH AND 
HEIGHT FINDER RADAR PAINTS ON AN OBJECT UP TO 30 NAUTICAL 
MILES SOUTH OF THE SITE RANGING IN ALTITUDE FROM 25,000 FT. TO 
72,000 FT. THE SITE COMMANDER AND OTHER PERSONNEL SAY THE 
OBJECT APPEARED AS A BRIGHT STAR BUT MUCH CLOSER. WITH 
BINOCULARS THE OBJECT APPEARED AS A 100 FT DIAMETER SPHERE 
AND APPEARED TO HAVE CRATERS AROUND THE OUTSIDE.

On 13 November NORAD informed the media in Sudbury, Ontario, 
that the sighting had occurred at 4:05 a.m., and that two F-106 jets of 
the USAF Air National Guard's Fighter Interceptor Squadron at Selfridge 
Air Force Base, Michigan, were scrambled, but the pilots reported no 
contact with the object.

In the 11 November message, the NORAD Commander-in-Charge 
confirmed that *'reliable military personnel" had reported the sightings 
in the US and at Falconbridge, and concluded: 

BE ASSURED THAT THIS COMMAND IS DOING EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO 
IDENTIFY AND PROVIDE SOLID FACTUAL INFORMATION ON THESE SIGHTINGS.

I HAVE ALSO EXPRESSED MY CONCERN TO SAFOI [Secretary of the Air Force Office 
of Information] THAT WE COME UP SOONEST WITH A PROPOSED AN- 
SWER TO QUERIES FROM THE PRESS TO PREVENT OVER REACTION 
BY THE PUBLIC TO REPORTS IN THE MEDIA THAT MAY BE BLOWN 
OUT OF PROPORTION. TO DATE EFFORTS BY AIR GUARD HELICOPTERS, 
SAC HELICOPTERS AND NORAD F-106s HAVE FAILED TO PRODUCE 
POSITIVE ID.

The USAF was anxious to play down these disturbing incidents. An 
Air Force document of the same date advised that *'unless there is evi- 
dence which links sightings, queries can best be handled individually at 
the source and as questions arise. Responses should be direct, forthright 
and emphasize that the action taken was in response to an isolated or 
specific incident. IOS should keep all levels and appropriate Majcoms 
informed of questions asked, media affiliations and responses given." 


OFFICIAL RETICENCE 

Wilbert Smith, whose untimely death of cancer in 1962 robbed not only 
Canada but the world of one of the most intelligent and original minds 
in the field of UFO research, was well qualified to assess the various 
reasons behind the official cover-up, having headed Canada's first secret 
investigation into the subject. To most people, Smith pointed out, the 
government is the final authority on all matters. Government, however, 
is comprised of a large number of individuals who, although experts in 
their own fields, are very much laymen in other areas. If a new 
situation-such as UFOs-develops, and there is no suitable bureau for 
it, he said, it was unfair to expect early answers from the government. 
"The best that a government can do," he explained, "is to make use of 
a 'back door' arrangement with which we are all familiar, namely, the 
'classified project.' But even this is a gamble in that it is predicated on 
the project yielding positive results with the answers all tied up in a neat 
little bundle, otherwise the project flops and slips into oblivion." 

Smith affirmed that the United States authorities were well aware that 
UFOs were of alien origin, and that "it was soon apparent that these 
objects did not constitute any particular menace to humanity and there 
was practically nothing which we could do about it if they did.' The 
aliens were in complete control of the situation, while we were mere 
observers.

Since the various classified US Air Force projects were largely aimed 
at debunking UFO reports, Smith said, the Air Force had painted them- 
selves into an awkward corner:

What solid information did come out of these projects was most disturbing 
indeed, striking at the very roots of our conventional science. But there 
wasn't enough of this information on which to base any substantial reform 
in scientific thinking: just enough to produce an uneasy feeling that all was 
not well. So naturally, the least said about this the better, until more was 
known. . . . Meanwhile, since they do not have enough answers for the 
questions that are now being raised, they most certainly are not going to 
invite a deluge of further questions by admitting anything.

Wilbert Smith reasoned that the reluctance of politicians to speak out 
on the subject was largely due to lack of public support. "Furthermore," 
he said, "because of the type of publicity from which the whole matter 
of flying saucers has suffered, politicians, who are naturally very sensitive 
to public reaction, are reluctant to stick their necks out."

Smith believed that we could not expect any significant statement on 
UFOs by any government agency, and the nearest we would come to any 
sort of official statement would be from those few researchers in the 
government service who (like Smith, although he did not say as much) 
were personally satisfied of their findings and who were willing to risk 
the censure of their colleagues and the prestige of their positions. "More 
often than not," he said, "these people must wait until they retire from 
government service before they feel free to make any statement at all."41 

Wilbert Smith was right. However, the UFO situation has become 
increasingly more complex since he expressed these opinions in the late 
1950s, and there is evidence that not all UFOs are harmless, as the Falcon 
Lake incident exemplifies. Even if outright hostility was unproven, there 
is no doubt in my mind that the Canadian government was reluctant to 
release its conclusions on the case for fear of arousing public overreaction.

Indeed, as already mentioned, the government stated categorically that 
release of the Michalak file "would not be in the public's interest" and 
"would create a dangerous precedent." So this is one aspect of national 
security that undoubtedly heads the list of reasons for official reticence 
on the matter, and I fully sympathize with the government's dilemma in 
this respect.

Another aspect was cited by Smith himself in a 1953 secret Project 
Magnet report: that the UFOs exhibited a technology considerably in 
advance of ours, leading him to propose that the next stage in official 
investigations should be a "substantial effort toward the acquisition of 
as much as possible of this technology." If the military has now acquired 
new technology as a result of top secret research into UFOs-and I am 
inclined to support this hypothesis-it would be yet another perfectly 
understandable reason for withholding information on UFOs in the in- 
terests of national security.

Wilbert Smith made no secret of his unofficially expressed opinion 
that actual contact had been established with the occupants of UFOs, and 
that he had acquired a great deal of information as a result of investigating 
such contacts. "But it soon became apparent," he wrote in an article in 
1958, "that there was a very real and quite large gap between this alien 
science and the science in which I had been trained. Certain crucial 
experiments were suggested and carried out, and in each case the results 
confirmed the validity of the alien science. Beyond this point the alien 
science just seemed to be incomprehensible." 

Smith was convinced that earth had been colonized many times by the 
people from elsewhere (or * The Boys Topside," as he liked to call them). 
"To orthodox thinkers this may seem strange," he said, "but not nearly 
so strange as our orthodox ideas on evolution!"42 But if Smith was 
personally convinced about such controversial matters, to what extent 
were the authorities aware that extraterrestrial contact had been established 
at this time? An illuminating answer is provided in a letter that Wilbert 
Smith wrote to a friend of mine in 1959: "For your information every 
nation on this planet has been officially informed of the existence of the 
space craft and their occupants from elsewhere, and as nations they must 
accept responsibility for any lack of action or for any official position 
which they may take."43 


=====================================================================
9. CHINA 

Since the modern era of UFO sightings began in World War II, practically 
no information has been available from the country with the largest pop- 
ulation in the world-the People's Republic of China. But in 1978, 
China's leading newspaper, the People's Daily, published the first article 
to appear on the subject, written by Sheng Heng Yen, of the Chinese 
Academy of Social Sciences.1 Further articles were published in the 
Guang Ming Daily during the following two years. In 1980 a Chinese 
UFO researcher, Paul Dong (Moon Wai), a resident of California, wrote 
an article featuring reports by pilots, scientists and other reliable observers throughout the world.2 

Tremendous interest in a hitherto forbidden subject was now aroused 
throughout China. Aerospace Knowledge journal, for example, received 
several hundred letters requesting the Chinese government to launch an 
investigation into the phenomenon. And in May 1980 the Chinese UFO 
Studies Association was established under the auspices of Wuhan Uni- 
versity in central China, with branches in Peking (Beijing), Shanghai, 
and in the provinces of Guangdong, Sichuan, Shanxi, Hubei and Guangxi.

The Association was headed by a twenty-five-year-old astrophysics stu- 
dent, Cha Leping. Subsequently the Association became incorporated 
into the China UFO Research Organization as an official branch of the 
Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.

Some measure of the degree of enthusiasm for UFOs in China is 
reflected in the fact that the China UFO Research Organization's first 
issue of the Journal of UFO Research sold 300,000 copies on the news- 
stands. Paul Dong-editor-in-chief of the journal-lectured on the sub- 
ject all over China in 1981, creating something of a sensation, speaking 
to packed audiences at the Peking Ching Hua University Students Union, 
the Peking Planetarium, Canton (Guangchou) Science Museum, and Can- 
ton Jinan University, for example, and during his one-month tour col- 
lected hundreds of UFO cases from the period 1978-81. Since that time 
hundreds more cases-some dating back to 1940 and even earlier-have 
been gathered and published in the journal. Many of these reports have 
been compiled by Paul Dong and published privately in a valuable book, 
UFOs over Modern China, and I am indebted to Paul and his publisher, 
Wendelle Stevens, for allowing me to cite some of these reports, which 
have been translated by the Foreign Language Bureau in Peking. I am 
also grateful to Paul for allowing me to use material from his Chinese- 
published book, Questions and Answers on UFOs.

Why did the Chinese wait so long to take the UFO problem seriously.

According to Paul Dong, three specific factors prompted the Chinese 
government to recognize the phenomenon. On a summer evening in 1965 
two bright, disk-shaped objects violated Peking's airspace. Two years 
later a similar incident occurred near the outskirts of Peking when a 
bright, globe-shaped object was observed by thousands of witnesses as 
it streaked across the night sky at fantastic speeds, stopped and hovered, 
then disappeared over the horizon. Speculation among the masses that 
Taiwan or another hostile country had developed a secret weapon that 
might threaten China's national security led to the sanctioning of the 
academic research group. The third factor leading to official recognition 
was the frequency of reports received by the authorities from the provinces 
in the late 1970s.3 

Britain's Flying Saucer Review has been taken for many years by the 
Chinese Academy of Sciences, and FSR editor Charles Bowen and Gor- 
don Creighton (the present editor) tried to obtain further information from 
the Chinese authorities in 1980. But when they visited the offices of the 
Xinhua news agency in London, the agency was unable to provide any 
information at all about the Chinese UFO Research Association.4 My 
own efforts were also thwarted in February 1982 when the Scientific 
Attache at the Chinese Embassy in London told me that no such orga- 
nization had been set up at Wuhan University. Nevertheless, official 
recognition for the subject is now beyond dispute, and the Chinese gov- 
ernment seems keen to educate its people about the mysterious phenom- 
enon. In 1981, for example, the Chinese Television Service showed an 
American documentary, "UFOs Are Real," which has yet to be shown 
in Britain.5

The first sighting to be published in postwar China described an "enor- 
mous [flying] platter [which] emanated luminous rays in all directions 
. . . and dazzled all who saw it."6 The date was July 1947, weeks after 
pilot Kenneth Arnold's famous sighting in the USA, and the report was 
released by the Chinese Palace of State; the only firsthand Chinese report 
to be made public before the victory of the Chinese Revolution isolated 
China from the West as far as UFO reports (and much else) was con- 
cerned. With the new People's Republic of China under Mao Tse Tung 
nothing was spoken or written about the subject until the period of the 
Cultural Revolution, when UFO reports began to filter out through un- 
derground channels. But officially the subject was considered to be "counter- 
revolutionary." Under China's new regime, however, hundreds of re- 
ports from this period-and beyond-have now been published.


AIRLINER CHASED BY UFOS, 1963 

On an unspecified day in October 1963, a Li-2 airliner (a Soviet-built 
version of the Douglas DC-3) on the Kuangtung to Wuhan air route was 
chased by three luminous unidentified flying objects for fifteen minutes.

The pilots gave a minute-by-minute report by radio to the Chinese Civil 
Aeronautics Administration, and on landing the crew was debriefed by 
Air Traffic Control. The passengers were interviewed by the authorities 
and were ordered not to discuss the incident with anyone.8


JET FIGHTERS SCRAMBLED, 1964

On 1 January 1964 many citizens in Shanghai observed a huge cigar- 
shaped aerial object flying slowly toward the southwest. MIG fighters 
were scrambled in pursuit but failed to force the UFO down. The official 
explanation was that the object was an American missile.9 


"COMBAT STATIONS", 1968 

In early 1968 four coast guard artillerymen of the naval garrison at Luda, 
Liaoning Province, in North China saw a gold, luminous, oval-shaped 
object which flew alongside, leaving a thin trail in the air. It then climbed 
steeply at an incredible speed and eventually disappeared.

At the moment when the object began to climb, all communications 
and radar systems failed, almost causing an accident in the fleet. The 
naval patrol went on alert, and the fleet commander ordered his men to 
prepare for combat. Half an hour later communications and radar returned 
to normal. A two-man coast guard patrol reportedly saw the UFO land 
on the south coast and fired at it with automatic rifles and machine guns, 
but soldiers sent to investigate found no trace of the object.10 


A LANDING IN THE GOBI DESERT, 1968 

In mid-April 1968 Gu Ying (later an interpreter for the New China Agency) 
was sent to a military construction regiment in the North Gobi Desert 
CHINA 
209 
where he was working on an irrigation project when quite late in the day 
a comrade drew the battalion's attention to a strange phenomenon. This 
is the firsthand account:

I saw a great disk of light trailing flames as it slowly descended to the 
Gobi's sands. It was a luminous red-orange in color and had an apparent 
diameter of 3 meters before it landed. It passed alongside a slight inclination 
above the horizon. We could see a separate more luminous point of light 
flashing in the mass of light. As it was less than a kilometer from us when 
it passed by we could see the detail clearly. It landed suddenly and the 
commander of the company telephoned the headquarters of the regiment 
who dispatched a team of motorcycle troops to approach it.

Without doubt the arrival of the motorcycle troops was detected by the 
disc, because it suddenly ascended like an arrow and disappeared in the 
sky above. As the northern frontier [with the USSR] passes through this 
region, most witnesses felt that this was a new reconnaissance machine 
from the enemy to the north inspecting the progress of work on the canal.

We did not know anything about UFOs at that time.

The object left traces of its landing in the form of a seared cross on the 
ground. As we knew nothing of these objects we did not study the mark. . . .

We only thought in political terms and believed that this signified some 
kind of preparation for an eventual enemy attack from the north. The 
soldiers long stationed in the Gobi had seen these things before, and the 
great fireballs in the sky were not so unusual to them. The landing and 
takeoff were a new twist.11 


ANOTHER LANDING, 1970 

On an unspecified date at 2200 hours in the early part of 1970, a peasant 
of the Traing District of Fujian Province saw a metallic pan-shaped flying 
object descend and land behind a hill. The object radiated a brilliant green 
light and a strange musical tone could be heard emanating from it. The 
peasant duly reported this to the village head man, and the local Army 
Commander mobilized hundreds of soldiers who attempted to surround 
the object.

After about an hour the UFO emitted a bright white light, forcing the 
soldiers to retreat as it rapidly took off vertically. A member of the militia 
present (who insisted on anonymity) said that although they could see 
the brilliant light they were unable to hear any sound while they observed 
the object.12 


MILITARY UFO STUDY GROUP FORMED, 1970 

While in the foregoing account no names are mentioned, another undated 
military report from 1970 names Liu Zhangzhou of the People's Liber- 
ation Army, who was on sentry duty in the remote Gansu Province when 
he claims to have seen an entire village enveloped in a strange blue light 
one night. "I looked toward the source of the light and saw a flattened 
oval-shaped luminous object in the sky," reported the soldier. "Its center 
was a golden yellow and it was surrounded by a deep orange-colored 
cloud. After two minutes it picked up speed and flew to the east." Owing 
to his fear of the authorities at the time Liu Zhangzhou withheld his story 
for ten years before coming forward and publicly relating the details.

Apparently many such sightings have been made throughout Gansu 
and Xingkiang provinces, especially in the Gobi Desert near the Soviet 
border, and a special military UFO study group was formed to keep track 
of sightings in the border area.13 


THE MILITARY CHASE A UFO, 1971 

Another witness who claims to have seen a UFO which was immediately 
investigated by the military is Chen Chu, of a People's Liberation Army 
unit stationed in Dingxian City, Hubei Province. The event occurred 
sometime during the last ten days of September 1971 while the Army 
unit was carrying out an assignment in a small valley north of the city:

At about half-past-seven, when the sky had just begun to grow dark, we 
suddenly discovered a circular ball-like object, like the moon, rising slowly 
to the north of our quarters. The ball gave out a lot of misty gas from its 
edges. . . . After remaining in the sky for several seconds, it spurted out 
a strong jet of mist or smoke and rose to a certain height. Then it remained 
stationary for some seconds, and then rose again to a new height. Then it 
stopped for some more seconds, and began to drop down until it gradually 
disappeared in the night sky.

As our Army units were in a state of combat readiness due to the Lin 
Biao incident14, we reported our discovery instantly to our superior au- 
thorities and dispatched a motor car to pursue the flying object. Because 
of the ruggedness of the mountain road, the motor car turned back after 
chasing the object for more than 10 li. . . .

For many years I have tried to explain it as a plane, a balloon or some 
other flying thing, but have always felt that there is a very great [difference] 
between such things and the object observed.15 


MULTIPLE-WITNESS SIGHTINGS, 1976-77 

Multiple-witness UFO sightings have been reported in China just as in 
other countries. The following case is notable for the fact that it occurred 
on the day that Mao Tse-Tung's obituary was broadcast, on 9 September 
1976.

In an area south of Qilou, Longwangmiao, Shan County, Shandong 
Province, a worker at the Liangshan Cotton Mill observed a spherical 
flying object at 45° elevation and 3-4,000 meters distance. The upper 
part of the object was bright silver in color while the lower part was dark 
gray. It hovered motionless and then moved in the direction of the sun 
at 3:00 p.m., after Mao's obituary was broadcast. The object was not 
seen again that night, but it reappeared the following day, when it seemed 
larger. Then it shrank in size toward noon and finally appeared like a 
twinkling star in the full daylight sky. It reverted to its former size in 
the afternoon and then-in full view of more than 1,000 witnesses- 
flew away abruptly and disappeared at 5:00 p.m. The report was not 
circulated in China at the time and neither did it appear in the Western 
press.16 

The most spectacular multiple-witness sighting ever to have been re- 
ported in China took place at 8:30 p.m. on 7 July 1977, at Zhangpo 
County in Fujian Province. Nearly 3,000 people were watching an open- 
air showing of the Rumanian film Alert on the Danube Delta when a 
section of the audience suddenly saw two oblate orange-colored luminous 
objects descending toward the crowd. The objects passed so low over 
the spectators that they almost touched the ground, emitting a vivid glow 
and flying only a few meters apart. Heat could be felt and a low humming 
sound was heard.

Panic spread and people threw themselves to the ground. In the ensuing 
stampede, two children were trampled to death and 200 more were in- 
jured. The UFOs ascended rapidly and disappeared in seconds. Lin Bing- 
Xiang, a doctor at the county hospital, and Chen Caife, an officer of the 
County Public Security Bureau, and another official have corroborated 
this sensational incident. The authorities, suspecting an optical illusion 
related to the film, reran it, but nothing unusual showed up.17 


ASTRONOMER'S SIGHTING, 1977 

On 26 July 1977 there were many sightings of UFOs reported from 
Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, and the most detailed account was made 
by the astronomer Zhang Zhousheng of the Yunnan Observatory:

At 9 to 14 minutes past the 22nd hour, Beijing time, on 26 July 1977, I 
observed a very astonishing and unexplainable aerial phenomenon ... in 
the northern suburb of the Chengdu Municipality. . . . My eyes were 
suddenly drawn to a strange spiral object in the air. Because of the pe- 
culiarity of its appearance, I at once called some other persons to observe 
it. ... At the same time, those people who were cooling themselves in 
places tens of meters away from me had also noticed this strange phe- 
nomenon. ... In appearance, the core of the object was a yellowish bright 
star; its luminosity was second magnitude, with the core as a starting point, 
a big Archimedes spiral line (of light) was developed, whose brightness 
was very evident even under moon light and whose color was blue and 
somewhat green. . . .

As the spiral line was drawn out from the core, the core could not have 
been a star, but a comparatively small object. . . . The line wound about 
the center 3 or 4 rounds. The whole spiral was actually an ellipse (from 
my point of view), of not very great ellipticity. The diameter of the major 
axis was about 5 degrees. Its elevation angle with the horizon was about 
60 degrees. This strange object was not only big, but it moved in the air 
in a straight line. ... It moved with a constant speed, about 10 degrees 
per minute. Simultaneously with the motion of the core, the spiral line 
also moved horizontally. No change occurred to the luminosity, size, shape 
or the various angular measurements, that is to say, the spiral line did not 
make any rotating displacement and did not leave any traces in the sky.

Until 14 minutes past the hour, when the spiral object was covered up by 
clouds 10 degrees above the horizon, my observation lasted 5 minutes 
altogether. . . .

From the material supplied by Beijing Planetarium and other agencies, 
I learned that there were many reports about this phenomenon from various 
places. The localities were distributed over a north to south belt at least 
180 kilometers wide. Our record showed that an earlier position observed 
was to the east of the Pole Star, 40 degrees above the horizon and with a 
space displacement of 90 degrees. The duration of the observation was 10 
minutes. What was especially important was that, at a distance of 180 
kilometers apart, the records about the direction of movement of the strange 
aerial body in space, made independently by at least two different ob- 
servers, were basically the same. ... To the present time this strange 
phenomenon has not been satisfactorily explained, yet there were thousands 
of good observers who had seen it. We can only let time decide what it 
really was.18 [Emphasis added] 


FLYING INSTRUCTOR'S SIGHTINGS, 1978-79 

At 9:40 p.m. on 26 July 1978 at Shanxi Airport, Shanxi Province, flying 
instructor Sha Yongkao was piloting a plane with a pupil at 3,000 meters 
altitude when they saw two glowing objects circle the airport twice before 
moving off. Yongkao tried unsuccessfully to pursue the objects before 
radioing his report, and was told that no other aircraft were in the vicinity 
and that nothing was tracked on radar.19

At about 9.10 p.m. in February 1979 Sha Yongkao was flying a night 
fighter over Hou-Ma in Shanxi Province when he saw an extremely bright 
luminous object shoot across the sky from south to north, apparently 
flying supersonic at an altitude of 1,000 meters.


AIR FORCE MULTIPLE-WITNESS SIGHTING, 1978 

Not the least extraordinary fact to emerge from the Chinese UFO reports 
is the number of multiple-witness military cases which rival and occa- 
sionally surpass those so far made available in the West. Whether this 
trend continues remains to be seen, but the following report is an out- 
standing example of a UFO witnessed by several hundred personnel.

On 23 October 1978 a large luminous unidentified object appeared in 
the sky directly above Lintiao Air Base in Gansu Province. This is Air 
Force pilot Zhou Qingtong's eyewitness account:

The pilots of our brigade and several hundred other persons in the airfield 
district were watching a cinema film in an open-air theater. Several minutes 
after the show had begun, that is at 4 minutes past the 20th hour, there 
was a flurry of disturbance in the audience and we all looked up at the 
sky which was cloudless and full of stars. . . .

I saw a huge object flying from east to west. It first appeared in the 
eastern sky at an angle of 60 degrees above the horizon, then flew over 
our heads and was cut off from our view by the row of buildings 60 meters 
to the west. The object had a very peculiar appearance. It was an immense 
oblong object but was not clearly visible. It had two large lamps, like 
searchlights, in front, shooting out white light forward, and a luminous 
trail issued from the rear. Both the front and rear light beams were changing 
in length and brightness at times, illuminating the space around the object 
like a mass of smoke or mist.

The speed . . . was not very great, and it progressed in a straight line.

It was of a huge size, occupying about 20 to 35 degrees of arc of vision.

It was in sight for 2 or 3 minutes. It was clearly not a meteor, nor a swarm 
of locusts or birds, nor an airplane. As we are all fighter pilots we could 
say this with some certainty. It was not very high above the ground. 

After many days we were still talking about it. Someone said, alas! if 
we only had a camera and had taken a photograph, the question could be 
solved.21 [Emphasis added] 
Chinese UFO researchers speculate that since there are some similar- 
ities in the description of objects, there may be a connection with the 
sighting by pilot Frederick Valentich over the Bass Strait, Australia, two 
days earlier, who disappeared together with his plane immediately after- 
ward (see Chapter 7).


POWER FAILURE AND A CLOSE ENCOUNTER, 1979 

The wave of sightings continued into 1979, and produced one of the few 
reports of a power failure associated with UFO activity to come out of 
China. It is felt that more reports exist, but that the authorities have 
possibly clamped down on them to avoid public unrest. The incident took 
place at 2045 hours on 12 September 1979 when witnesses in Xuginglong 
and Huaihua City in Hunan Province noted a complete power failure in 
their area. Fifteen minutes later a bright flying object appeared overhead, 
emitting a vertical stream of white rays. The object flew upward at an 
angle and vanished soundlessly a minute later, leaving two masses of 
semi spherical luminous clouds about 100 meters across.22

Perhaps because of their controversial (and anti-Marxist?) nature, al- 
leged close encounters with UFO occupants have also not been widely 
reported so far in China.. Yet a few cases have now come to light since 
the easing of restrictions in 1980. On 13 December 1979 at 4:00 a.m.
near Longwangmiao on the Lanxi-Xin'angiang Highway, two truck driv- 
ers in separate vehicles observed an extraordinary sight. Wang Dingyuan 
(of the Weihus Steel Construction Plant) was driving in the front truck 
when he noticed a powerful vertical beam of light and two "unusual 
human beings" standing beneath it on the highway. Both drivers came 
to an abrupt halt and the apparition vanished.

The men discussed the incident, although the second driver, Wang 
Jianming (of the Jinhus Chemical Works), had seen nothing, so it was 
decided that they should swap positions, with Wang Jianming driving in 
front. After five or six kilometers the front driver noticed a beam of light 
and figures standing beside the highway about 200 meters ahead. The 
figures were 1.5 meters tall, wore helmets on their heads and "space 
apparel," with something like a thermos bottle slung across their shoul- 
ders and a square pack on their backs. Each was apparently holding what 
looked like a "short cudgel" in his left hand, and a red light emitted 
from the top of the helmets.

Wang Jianming stopped his truck, turned off the headlights, and then 
turned them back on. The figures were still there, even when he repeated 
the procedure. Wang then dismounted with a crowbar in his hand, and 
at that moment both the light beam and figures vanished.23 


TIENTSIN AIRPORT TRACKS UFO, 1980 

1980 produced a bumper harvest of UFO sightings in China, when al- 
together ninety-eight reports were reported to the China UFO Research 
Organization, although it is believed that many more went unreported.

The editor of Aerospace Knowledge, Hsieh Chu, was prompted to write: 
"We can no longer ignore the existence of UFOs because of the great 
number of sightings reported in our country."24 

In early August 1980 hundreds of thousands of witnesses saw UFOs 
for several days running in the skies over Tientsin and the Gulf of Zhili 
(now called Bo Hai). On the evening of 16 October 1980 at Tientsin 
Airport, radar officers and technicians of the Tientsin Civil Aviation 
Bureau were observing the movements of Flight 402 on their radar screens 
when suddenly an unexplained echo showed up. When the airliner was 
about two kilometers from the runway, the plane's bright dot of light on 
the screen veered out of contact for seven seconds or so.

The radar operators had presumed they were watching Flight 402, but 
when the controller contacted the aircraft and asked for its position they 
realized that the echo on the screen did not relate to the plane. Flight 
402 had taken off from Peking and its flight path would have taken it 
across Tientsin, crossing the airfield from east to west. Another anomaly 
was that the radar azimuth was 20°, but at the time the unexplained blip 
showed up on the radarscope, Flight 402 was bearing about 80°, north 
of the runway and out of range of the directional radar.

At 2153 hours, when Flight 402 had crossed the airfield to a point 
thirteen kilometers from the runway, on its final approach, the unex- 
plained echo showed up again in the same position on the radarscope, 
moving from west to east. It was simultaneously visible on the screen 
together with the aircraft. A few seconds later it vanished.

Three minutes later the strange echo reappeared. A second aircraft, 
Flight 404, was also over Tientsin at an altitude of 1,500 meters, but its 
position was at variance with the echo, and moving in the opposite 
direction. As Flight 404 was on its final approach, two echoes-instead 
of one-again appeared on the radarscope. The UFO, from its original 
position north of the runway, was doing about 250 kilometers per hour.

According to the captain of Flight 404, the Automatic Direction Finder 
(ADF) on his instrument panel registered an anomaly: the indicator needle 
appeared to lock on to a transmitting source not known on the chart. The 
captain assumed his instrument was faulty, and asked the radio officer 
to use his earphones to pick up the radio beacon's audio signal. This was 
in order, and two minutes later the ADF returned to normal.

Just before touchdown, when Flight 404 was a few hundred meters 
from the runway, the assistant controller in the tower heard some inter- 
ference on the radio and assumed it was either the aircraft or the radio 
room tuning in. "Who's tuning in to the tower?" he asked. "We're 
working flat out-don't call us!" The aircraft crew and radar personnel 
also heard the radio interference, but its source could not be identified.25 


SOME EXTRAORDINARY PARALLELS WITH EVENTS IN BRITAIN, DECEMBER 1980 

In Chapter 4 I referred to the sighting on 15 December 1980 of a UFO 
over southeast London and northwest Kent, seen by many witnesses for 
over an hour and by myself for a few minutes. According to those who 
watched it through binoculars, the object was cone-shaped, with a red 
nose, silvery center, and sparkling diamond-blue rear section. While 
studying the Chinese UFO Research Organization's reports I came across 
some extraordinary parallels with this case. An identical object was seen 
in Beijing four months later, for instance, when at 7:00 a.m. on 25 April 
1981 Du Shengyuan observed a curious object circling in the sky. He 
immediately tried to telephone the Beijing Evening News as well as the 
Beijing and Central Television stations but was unable to get through as 
it was too early in the morning. He went back outside and continued to 
observe the strange object, which by this time was directly overhead at 
more than 2,000 meters altitude.

With the aid of binoculars I made it out to be ellipsoid in shape, but more 
like a bullet [he said in his report]. Its middle part was white, like the 
moon in daytime but brighter. The bottom was luminous green, like the 
rays from the launch of a rocket such as we see on television. The whole 
thing was strangely luminous. I continued my observation until it went 
out of sight at 0725. It flew in a changeable way, now fast, now very 
slowly, now stopping altogether before speeding forward. It was watched 
by all the 20-odd residents in the courtyard.26 

This is precisely the same description given by Peter McSherry of the 
December 1980 sighting, with the insignificant exception of that of the 
rear section of the object, which he described as being ''sparkling dia- 
mond-blue" rather than "luminous green." 

A similar object may also have been seen in China within thirty hours 
of the British sighting. On 14 December 1980, at 1735 hours, four wit- 
nesses saw an object "like a cone, smaller at the top and larger at the 
base" which "jumped up" from the top of a mountain west of Xiangshan 
and gave out "light blue rays." The object alternately disappeared and 
reappeared, just as the UFO in London had done.27 

Peter McSherry and other witnesses said that the UFO they saw oc- 
casionally split up into two, three and even more sections which shot 
away and then regrouped. On 5 June 1981, at 2200 hours, Ding Shiliang 
and other students at Xi'an University, Shanxi Province, observed a 
luminous flying object which "split from the middle into two parts, then 
three, then even four. In another moment two of the units on either side 
vanished, leaving the two other segments still in position, one above the 
other." After performing further astonishing separations and disappear- 
ances, "another appeared and the two objects approached each other and 
merged into one. . . . Later it split into two again, diminished in size 
and finally vanished at 2220, not to return."28 

Since details of the British sighting in December 1980 are published 
in this book for the first time, it is impossible for the Chinese to have 
been aware of these facts. Neither could they have known about the 
events at Rendlesham Forest, outside US Air Force bases Woodbridge 
and Bentwaters, between 27 and 29 December 1980, when a landed UFO 
was seen by a number of military personnel (see Chapter 4) and the 
Deputy Commander at Woodbridge, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Halt, 
described another sighting (which he personally witnessed) in his official 
memorandum to the British Ministry of Defense: "At one point it ap- 
peared to throw off glowing particles and then broke into five separate 
white objects and then disappeared." [Emphasis added] 


AIR FORCE JETS AFFECTED BY UFOS, 1982 

In the middle of June 1982 UFO activity increased suddenly in northern 
China, and on 18 June in particular there were many sightings reported 
from Heilongjiang Province, between 2110 hours and 2253 hours. One 
of the most interesting cases is that reported by five Chinese Air Force 
pilots on patrol over North China's military frontier.

At about 2157 hours the jet fighters' electrical power systems began 
to malfunction and communications and navigation systems failed. Sud- 
denly the pilots encountered an unidentified flying object of a milky 
yellowish-green luminous color, about the size of the full moon. The 
object grew larger and picked up speed, at which point it looked "as big 
as a mountain of mist." Then black spots were seen in the interior of 
the phenomenon. One pilot stated in his report: "When I first saw the 
object, it flew toward me at a high rate of speed as it whirled rapidly.

While it was rotating it generated rings of light. In the center of the light 
ring was fire. In 10 seconds the center of the ring exploded, then the 
body of the object expanded rapidly."

The planes were forced to return to base because of the equipment 
failures. The other four pilots also prepared reports, which were subse- 
quently published in the first issue of the Journal of UFO Research, 
together with their sketches (see Appendix, p. 471).29 It is not known if 
gun-camera film was taken.


UFO PACES AIRLINER, 1985 

The selected examples cited above from the 600-plus reports gathered by 
the China UFO Research Organization illustrate the point that China has 
experienced the same phenomena as the rest of the world, even if the 
Chinese have taken longer than any other country to acknowledge the 
fact. But there is one further case that must be mentioned here because 
it was reported officially and attracted worldwide attention.

On 11 June 1985 a Chinese Civil Aviation Administration Boeing 747 
encountered a UFO on the Peking to Paris flight that almost forced the 
captain to make an emergency landing. Flight CA 933 was over Lanzhou, 
the capital of Gansu Province, when the object was observed by Captain 
Wang Shuting and his crew at 2240 hours. The UFO, located at 39°, 30 
minutes north, and 103°, 30 minutes east, flew across the path of the 
airliner at its altitude of 33,000 feet at a very high speed. The object 
reportedly illuminated an area of twenty-five to thirty miles and had an 
apparent diameter of six miles. It was elliptical in shape and had an 
extremely bright spot in the center, with three horizontal rows of bluish- 
white lights on the perimeter. The official news release stated that no 
passengers reported the sighting, which lasted for two minutes.30

One is reminded of a similar but much longer sighting that was wit- 
nessed by the crew and passengers of a Soviet Aeroflot airliner flying 
from Tbilisi to Tallin in 1984, when the object (or rather "cloud") was 
said to be massive in diameter (see Chapter 10). And in August 1985 the 
pilot of an Olympic Airways flight from Zurich to Athens reported that 
he had a near collision with a mystery object near the Italian/Swiss border.

More UFOs were seen that same month by the crew and forty-five jour- 
nalists aboard a Boeing 737 en route to Buenos Aires.31 So the crew of 
the Chinese jumbo jet were not alone in reporting a dramatic aerial 
encounter with the ubiquitous UFOs in 1985.


WHAT IS THE OFFICIAL VIEW? 

I have tried for several years to ascertain the official Chinese government 
attitude to the UFO question, and finally succeeded in 1986 when Mr.

Zhang Laigui, Air Attache at the Chinese Embassy in London, sent me 
an interesting article on the subject that had appeared in the China Dail\ 
in 1985, together with a translation. The Air Attache stated in his ac- 
companying letter that he regarded the article as "an official statement 
and viewpoint of the Chinese government.

The article is headed "UFO Conference Held in Darlian" and reports 
that several dozen Chinese scientists had gathered in that city in August 
1985 to exchange views on UFO research for the first time. Some forty 
papers were presented and seventeen of these were selected to be pub- 
lished in collected works. The subjects included: viewpoints and methods 
of the Chinese regarding UFO research; theoretical works on the UFO 
phenomenon; and the relationship between UFOs and human body sciences.

The article states that there is an enormous degree of interest in the 
UFO subject in China, and refers to the establishment of the China UFO 
Research Organization (identified as the China Society of UFO Research, 
or CSUR), with a total membership of 20,000. Chairman of the CSUR, 
Professor Liang Renglin of Guangzhou Jinan University, said that more 
than 600 UFO reports had been made during the past five years in China. 
"UFOs are an unresolved mystery with profound influence in the 
world," the article concludes. "Some people believe in their existence, 
while the opponents think it's a matter of fiction or illusion. Both views 
are taken into serious consideration in the world. Various kinds of or- 
ganizations have been established in the world, including USA, USSR, 
UK, Japan, and Central and South American nations to try to unveil the 
UFO mystery. "33 


=====================================================================
10. USSR 

In 1967 the late Dr. Allen Hynek, America's leading UFO researcher 
until his untimely death in 1986, confessed that one of his greatest fears 
was of waking up one morning and reading in his newspaper that the 
Russians had solved the UFO mystery. Would they perhaps come up 
with some hitherto overlooked hypothesis that pointed to a natural ex- 
planation or, more disturbingly, would the Soviets announce the first 
contact with an extraterrestrial civilization? "Either story," said Hynek, 
"would shake America so hard that the launching of Sputnik in 1957 
would appear in retrospect as important as a Russian announcement of a 
particularly large wheat crop."1 

Earlier in 1967 an extraordinary article appeared in the Russian mag- 
azine Smena, of which I have an original copy. Dr. Felix Yurevich Zigel, 
Doctor of Science and Assistant Professor of Cosmology at the Moscow 
Aviation Institute, a respected scientist who had been in charge of cos- 
monaut training, announced that UFOs were worthy of scientific study.

He referred to the research done in the United States by Dr. Hynek, Dr.
Jacques Vallee, and Professor Frank Salisbury, commenting that Dr.
Donald Menzel's debunking theories, propounded in his book Flying 
Saucers (which had been translated into Russian in 1962), could no longer 
be considered valid. Zigel also gave an interesting resume of sightings 
by Soviet scientists since 1960, including that of Assistant Professor V.
Zaitsev, who during a flight between Leningrad and Moscow on 12 July 
1964 "saw what he described as a huge disk which suddenly appeared 
below the airliner's fuselage, flew a parallel course for a while and then 
turned aside with a burst of speed."2 The article caused something of a 
sensation in a country where hitherto only debunking statements and 
articles (as well as Menzel's book) had appeared on the subject. But in 
fact the Soviets had been as deeply concerned as other governments by 
sightings dating back to 1948 at least. 


THE CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF A SOVIET TEST PILOT, 1948-49 

Arkadii Ivanovich Apraksin is (or was) a highly decorated Soviet Air 
Force pilot, having gained in World War II the Red Star, Red Banner, 
Patriotic War First Class, as well as medals for the defense of Stalingrad 
and the capture of Berlin. Apraksin was interviewed in September 1951 
by I. Y. Furmin, Docent [lecturer] of Voronezh University, who later 
passed the story to Dr. Zigel. The latter incorporated the following account 
(which I have abridged) in one of his unpublished manuscripts, which 
has been translated by the researcher Joe Brill.

On 16 June 1948, while Apraksin was testing one of the latest Soviet 
jet aircraft, he encountered a "cucumber-shaped" aerial phenomenon 
flying on a cross course to his. Cones of light beams radiated from the 
object, which appeared to be descending. Apraksin reported the sighting 
to his base at Kapustin Yar, Basunchak, and received confirmation that 
the object had been tracked on radar and had not acknowledged instruc- 
tions to land. The test pilot was ordered to close with the UFO, and if 
it refused to land he was to open fire.

When Apraksin closed to within about ten kilometers the light beams 
"opened up in a fan'* and allegedly struck his aircraft, temporarily blind- 
ing him. He discovered simultaneously that the entire electrical control 
systems as well as the engine were inoperable. He managed to glide the 
plane to a safe landing, however, the UFO having disappeared into a 
cloud layer.

A detailed statement was prepared and an expert arrived from Moscow 
who examined the aircraft in detail, cross-examined Apraksin, and checked 
the completed testimony for contradictions. The pilot was given a forty- 
five day leave, but ten days before its expiry he was summoned to the 
Air Force Directorate of the Defense Ministry in Moscow. Apraksin was 
then sent to an airfield in the European sector of the Arctic, where he 
was subjected to another interrogation. After spending three months at 
this airfield, where he test-flew another type of aircraft, Apraksin was 
recalled to the air base at Kapustin Yar.

On 6 May 1949 Apraksin is said to have taken a new plane for a test 
flight, and at its maximum ceiling of 15,000 meters he encountered 
another unidentified object, similar to the previous one. The "flying 
cucumber'* once again directed cones of light at his aircraft from a 
distance of about ten to twelve kilometers, causing effects as before, but 
also damaging part of the perspex cockpit canopy, resulting in loss of 
air pressure. Unable to communicate with base, Apraksin managed to 
land the plane on the banks of the Volga, forty-nine kilometers from 
Saratov. He then passed out.

On regaining consciousness Apraksin found himself in a hospital at 
Saratov. A detailed statement was taken from him again, and after two 
and a half months he was apparently ordered to appear before a special 
medical board in Moscow, which then sent him to a psychoneurological 
institute. During his six months' stay at this "institute" Apraksin was 
allegedly subjected to psychotherapy and shock therapy. Taped interviews 
were compared with recordings of his previous report in an effort to 
uncover inconsistencies. In January 1950 Apraksin appeared before a 
medical board which judged him "Group One Disabled," effectively 
barring him from active service. Later that year, and in 1951, he went 
to the Defense Ministry in Moscow and was received by a deputy minister, 
but his application for return to duty was refused. 

"He assures me that he is in perfect health," wrote Furmin in 1951, 
and "that everything which he saw occurred in fact; that they do not 
want to consider him normal for reasons he cannot understand, and that 
the failure to believe his story will bring harm to the Motherland."3

I have so far been unable to trace a reference to Apraksin in recognized 
books on Soviet aviation. He is not mentioned in Bill Gunston's definitive 
book, Aircraft of the Soviet Union, and the author told me that he has 
not come across the name. I then wrote to the Director of the M. V. Frunze 
Central House of Aviation and Space, Moscow, and eventually received 
the following reply: "The Central House of Aviation and Space . . . has 
no information about test flight activities of A. I. Apraksin. He is not a 
Hero of the Soviet Union."4 

I began to suspect that the story had been concocted, but my confidence 
in the case was restored when I discovered a reference to it in an official 
statistical analysis of sightings in the Soviet Union published by the USSR 
Academy of Sciences.5 The name of the pilot was not given, so I wrote 
to Dr. L. M. Gindilis of the Sternberg Astronomical Institute in Moscow, 
one of the authors of the report, requesting further details, and received 
the following helpful and interesting reply: 
... I must regretfully note that, as it frequently occurs in the studies of 
anomalous phenomena, the most interesting cases turn out to be not reliable 
enough in one or another item. In this case ... the eye witness ... is 
Arkadii Ivanovich Apraksin, former pilot. This case (as well as all the 
others forming the base for the statistical analysis in the work you cite) is 
taken from F. Yu. Zigel's card collection. It was written down, from A.
I. Apraksin's words, by the assistant professor of the Voronezh University 
I. Ya. Furman [sic] who was A. I. Apraksin's chance co-traveler in a train 
on 25 September 1951.

I found I. Ya. Furman's address and sent him a copy of the card from 
F. Yu. Zigel's collection, asking him to write me whether he agreed with 
the quoted version and whether he had any additional information about 
Apraksin. I quote a phrase extracted from his letter of 24 May 1980: 
"My one-time acquaintance with Arkadii Ivanovich Apraksin is still ex- 
citing me, although during all these long years I was never imbued by a 
conviction that we have an evidence for existence in reality of the 'brothers 
in intelligence' ... By the way, at present I have no information about 
Arkadii Ivanovich Apraksin, though till early 1970s I did make some 
[attempts] to find him."

This is all I can communicate to you on this subject.6 

The case may not be reliable in the sense that there is so far no official 
trace of Apraksin, yet Furmin confirms his existence and was evidently 
impressed with the story. The Soviets are skillful in removing names 
from history books when occasion demands, and perhaps Apraksin, hav- 
ing committed what at that time must have been considered a blasphemy, 
fell victim to the system.


THE GRU 

The Soviets, then, have apparently been as mystified as other governments 
by UFO sightings. According to an unconfirmed report, the CIA learned 
of this in 1952 from the GRU {Glavnoye Razvedyvatelnoye Upravleniye, 
or Chief Intelligence Directorate of the Soviet General Staff) via double 
agent Lieutenant Yuri Popov. A secret GRU directive, UZ-11/14, ordered 
an investigation into the UFO problem, and stated:

Section 3 ... It is urgently ordered to discover whether the unidentified 
flying objects are: 
(a) Secret vehicles of foreign powers which are penetrating Soviet air- 
space. 
(b) Misinformative activity by imperialistic secret services. 
(c) Manned or unmanned extraterrestrial probes engaged in the inves- 
tigation of earth; or 
(d) An unknown natural phenomenon.7 


THE CIA 

Under the Freedom of Information Act a number of documents released 
by the CIA clearly indicate concern with the Soviet Union's attitude to 
the UFO problem. A hitherto secret memorandum from the Assistant 
Director of Operations, George Carey, to the Deputy Director of Intel- 
ligence, Allen Dulles, dated 22 August 1952, states that "a search of 
Foreign Documents Division files has so far produced no factual evidence 
that the subject has been mentioned in the Soviet satellite press within 
the past two years," but refers to a broadcast from Moscow on 10 June 
1951 in which it was stated that the Chief of Nuclear Physics in the US 
Naval Research Bureau had explained UFOs as being "used for strato- 
spheric studies. US Government circles knew all along of the harmless 
nature of these objects, but they refrained from denying 'false reports, 
the purpose behind such tactics was to fan war hysteria in the country.' 
On 11 September 1952 the CIA's Assistant Director of Scientific In- 
telligence, H. Marshall Chadwell, sent a secret memorandum to the CIA 
Director, General Walter Bedell Smith, in which the former stated:

Intelligence problems include: 
(1) The present level of Russian knowledge regarding these phenomena. 
(2) Possible Soviet intentions and capabilities to utilize these phenom- 
ena to the detriment of US security interests. 
(3) The reasons for silence in the Soviet press regarding flying saucers.


US OFFICIALS WITNESS FLYING DISKS IN THE USSR 

A fascinating Air Intelligence report by three US officials traveling by 
train in Russia in 1955 was declassified thirty years later under provisions 
of the Freedom of Information Act. Originally classified Top Secret, it 
was downgraded to secret in 1959. The witnesses were Senator Richard 
Russell (Republican, Georgia), Lieutenant Colonel E. U. Hathaway, US 
Army staff officer assigned to the Senate Armed Forces Committee, and 
Ruben Efron, committee consultant. I quote from part of the top secret 
cable cited in the report, which was sent to US Air Force Headquarters 
on 13 October 1955 by the US Air Attache at the American Embassy in 
Prague, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Ryan, who had debriefed the wit- 
nesses: 

On 4 Oct. 55 at 1910 hours between Atjaty and Adzhijabul in Trans- 
Caucasus region, two round and circular unconventional aircraft resembling 
flying disks or flying saucers were seen taking off almost vertically one 
minute apart. Disk aircraft ascended near dusk with outer surface revolving 
slowly to right and with two lights stationary on top near middle part.

Sparks or flame seen coming from aircraft. No protrusions seen on aircraft 
which passed over observers' train. Both flying disk aircraft ascended 
relatively slowly to about 6000 feet, then speed increased sharply in hor- 
izontal flight both on northerly heading. Flying attitude of disk remained 
same during ascent as in cruise, like a discus in flight. Two operating 
searchlights pointing almost vertical seen near takeoff area located about 
1-2 miles south RR line. After sighting Soviet trainmen became excited 
and lowered curtains and refused permission to look out windows. US 
observers firmly believe these unconventional aircraft were genuine saucer 
or disk aircraft. 
"We've been told for years that there isn't such a thing," commented 
Lieutenant Colonel Hathaway to the Air Attache, "but all of us saw it."8

A full report was also sent to the CIA.

The searchlight beams suggest that the disks were observed in the 
vicinity of a military base, and consideration must be given to the pos- 
sibility that the Russians were testing a secret disk-shaped aircraft- 
possibly designed with the aid of German scientists who are known to 
have been working on such an aircraft during World War II.9 Rumors 
abound that both the Americans and Russians, as well as the British and 
Canadians, have successfully developed such disks, but with the exception 
of a few circular craft such as John Frost's Avro-Car, which despite the 
extravagant claims made for it was only capable of limited hovering, 
there seems little evidence for this.10 The unlikelihood of Soviet-built 
disks was emphasized in a CIA memorandum from W. E. Lexow, Chief 
of the Applied Science Division, Office of Scientific Intelligence, dated 
19 October 1955: 

The objects reportedly sighted by [deleted] are described to be similar to 
Project "Y" which is in the research stage at Avro Aircraft Ltd., Canada, 
under contract to the US Air Force . . . The present study calls for a 
circular wing 30 ft in diameter and about 1.1 ft thick. Its performance is 
to be as follows:

Speed M [Mach] - 3

Rate of climb - 120,000 ft min.
Ceiling - 102,000 ft 
Range - 700 n.m.

The present effort consists of wind tunnel testing sponsored to the extent 
of $800,000 by the US Air Force. . . . Project "Y" is being directed by 
John Frost. Mr. Frost is reported to have obtained his original idea for the 
flying machine from a group of Germans just after World War II. The 
Soviets may also have obtained information from this German group.

Since two objects were reportedly seen in operation at one time in an 
area where it is most unlikely that experimental flying would be conducted, 
it is likely that these objects were in service. This would indicate very 
rapid progress in this development for the Soviets. It does, however, seem 
inconsistent that the Soviets, if they have such an object in service, would 
continue their large development and production programs on conventional 
type aircraft.

Since our first information on Project "Y" in early 1953, ASD has 
been on the alert for information which might indicate that the Soviets 
were working on such a project. Prior to the sighting by [deleted] no such 
information has been available. [Emphasis added] 


SOVIET AIR FORCE ENCOUNTER, 1956 

The well-known Soviet pilot, chief navigator of Soviet polar aviation, 
Valentin Akkuratov, described an encounter with an unidentified aerial 
object as follows:

In 1956, engaged in strategic ice reconnaissance in a TU [Tupolev] 4 plane 
in the area of Cape Jesup (Greenland), we dropped down from the clouds 
to fair weather and suddenly noticed an unknown flying craft moving on 
our portside parallel to our course. It looked very much like a large pearl- 
colored lens with wavy, pulsating edges. At first we thought it was an 
American aircraft of an unknown design, and since we did not want to 
encounter it we went into the clouds again.

After we had flown for 40 minutes toward Bear Island, the cloud cover 
ended abruptly; it cleared ahead and on our portside we saw once again 
that same unknown craft. Making up our minds to see it at close quarters, 
we changed our course abruptly and began the approach movement, in- 
forming our base at Amderma of the maneuver. When we changed our 
course, the unknown flying machine followed suit and moved parallel at 
our speed.

After 15 to 18 minutes of flight the unknown craft sharply altered its 
course, sped ahead of us and rose quickly until it disappeared in the blue 
sky. We spotted no aerials, superstructure, wings or portholes on that disk.

Nor did we see any exhaust gases or condensation trail. It flew at what 
seemed to us an impossible speed.

Skeptics argue that sightings of this sort, where no solid superstructure 
is evident, are merely optical phenomena of the mirage, rainbow or halo 
type. But Dr. Felix Zigel, who cited this report, discounts such inter- 
pretations in most cases. He also counters the explanation that ball light- 
ning is the cause of many UFO reports:

The appearance of UFOs is almost always accompanied by a luminescence 
of air and the formation of an atmospheric plasma. This fact is the basis 
for the "plasma" hypothesis of UFOs as accumulations of atmospheric 
plasma of the ball-lightning type. But this explanation does not hold up 
either. Ball-lightning is always a thunderstorm product, and the appearance 
of UFOs has no relation to weather. Ball-lightning diameters as a rule run 
four to five inches, no larger; the diameter of flying disks are tens and 
even hundreds of times that size.11 


SENSATIONAL SOVIET ENCOUNTERS, 1959-61 

By the 1960s some extraordinary stories-largely unsubstantiated-had 
reached the Western media. According to science writer Alberto Fenoglio, 
for example, in an article in an Italian journal devoted to missile and 
space research,12 which was subsequently condensed and translated by 
Robert Pinotti, Soviet radar and Air Force personnel observed UFOs 
circling and hovering for over twenty-four hours above Sverdlovsk, head- 
quarters of Tactical Missile Command, in spring 1959. Fighter aircraft 
sent to intercept reported that the UFOs easily outmaneuvered them and 
zigzagged to avoid their machine-gun fire.13 

Fenoglio, who claims to have obtained his information from Soviet 
sources in the West, including a well-known diplomat, also described 
other sensational sightings during this period. In the summer of 1961 
near Rybinsk, 150 kilometers from Moscow, new missile batteries were 
being set up as part of Moscow's defense network. A huge disk-shaped 
object allegedly appeared at an estimated altitude of 20,000 meters, sur- 
rounded by a number of smaller objects. "A nervous battery commander 
panicked and gave-unauthorized-the order to fire a salvo at the giant 
disk," reported Fenoglio. "The missiles were fired. All exploded when 
at an estimated distance of some two kilometers from the target, creating 
a fantastic spectacle in the sky. The third salvo was never fired, for at 
this point the smaller 'saucers' went into action and stalled the electrical 
apparatus of the whole missile base. When the smaller discoidal UFOs 
had withdrawn and joined the larger craft, the electrical apparatus was 
again found to be in working order."14

What are we to make of these sensational stories? In translating Fen- 
oglio's original article, Robert Pinotti noted that skeptics would point to 
the anonymity of Fenoglio's informants and conclude that the reports are 
a pack of lies. Yet the stories are no more sensational than those reported 
in the West, and it seems unlikely that a respected journal would have 
published Fenoglio's material unless there was some substance to it.

One report in 1961 seems to have been given some credence by the 
prestigious USSR Academy of Sciences Institute of Space Research Re- 
port. On 31 August several cars were stalled on a highway thirty miles 
from Moscow when a UFO hovered on top of an overpass for a few 
minutes. The cars were unable to start their engines until the UFO left 
the area.15 


PASSENGERS AND CREW DISAPPEAR FROM AIRCRAFT, 1961 

The following story was obtained directly from the Soviet Embassy in 
London by the British researcher Derek Mansell in January 1965. The 
report originated with the Moscow Aviation Institute, and a brief account 
was first published in the West by Alberto Fenoglio in 1962,16 but Man- 
sell's version contains some additional details. The incident is said to 
have taken place on an unknown date in 1961.

According to the report, an Antonov An-2P mail-plane took off from 
an airfield at or near Sverdlovsk, bound for Kurgan, with seven people 
on board. About 80 to 100 miles from Sverdlovsk, just after the pilot 
had communicated with ground control, the aircraft disappeared from the 
radar screen. Ground control tried unsuccessfully to regain communi- 
cations, so a search was launched involving several helicopters and a 
large detachment of troops. Since the captain had radioed a position during 
his last communication it did not take too long to recover the plane.

The aircraft was found in a small clearing in dense forest, completely 
intact. There was no way it could possibly have landed there, and the 
authorities stated that it looked as if the plane had been put down gently 
from above. But most puzzling of all was the fact that there was no sign 
of anyone on board. All the mail was intact, and when the engine was 
tested it started first time.

The Moscow Aviation Institute report claims that an unidentified object 
was tracked on radar at the control tower and that strange radio signals 
were heard at the time of the disappearance. No marks or footprints were 
found at the site, but according to Fenoglio's version of events, a thirty- 
meter-wide clearly defined circle of scorched grass and depressed earth 
was found at a distance of 100 meters from the aircraft.


VOSKHOD I AND II, 1964-65 

On 13 October 1964 the crew of Voskhod I, Komarov, Feoktistov and 
Yegorov, were allegedly ordered to make a premature return to earth 
after having completed only sixteen orbits. The cosmonauts are quoted 
as saying that they regretted being ordered back so soon, as they had 
seen many interesting things and wanted to investigate them more fully.

Reporting for a German newspaper, S. R. Oilinger claimed that Moscow 
sources had told him that Voskhod I "was repeatedly overtaken by ex- 
tremely fast flying disks which struck the craft violent shattering blows 
with their powerful magnetic fields."17 

There is no hint of any of this in the cosmonauts' account of the space 
flight, although they did report some "phenomena," for example, the 
Aurora Australis: "Columns of yellow light hundreds of kilometers tall, 
rising at right angles to the black horizon. . . . They fringed the entire 
visible horizon for about two thousand kilometers. We were so entranced, 
we did not at once realize the nature of the phenomenon we were ob- 
serving." 

There is also no indication that the cosmonauts were ordered to return 
"prematurely." They report: "When the time was approaching for the 
descent, we applied by radio requesting that the flight be prolonged for 
at least another day. We wanted to repeat the whole program, to check 
and double check our observations, but permission was refused."

Yet the rumors persisted. Researchers Ion Hobana and Julien Wever- 
bergh were told by a Western journalist who attended the Voskhod press 
conference on 21 October at the Grand Hall of Moscow University that 
Vladimir Komarov was very brief in his delivery, although he was chief 
spokesman, and answered more evasively than usual. During a question 
put by a journalist about the possibility of meeting unexpected objects in 
space, Komarov walked out of the hall without further comment.19

On 19 March 1965 the crew of Voskhod II are said to have lost all 
contact with ground control and were forced to make an emergency 
landing 873 miles from the scheduled landing site. Stories circulated in 
the media that the spacecraft had come down enveloped in flames, its 
outside radio antenna burned off, the two-man crew having barely escaped 
with their lives. At the press conference on 27 March the cosmonauts 
avoided questions asking them to confirm reports that they had been 
harassed by an unidentified object, although they did admit to seeing an 
"unmanned satellite" about half a mile from their capsule at 5:12 a.m.

on 19 March, which they had been unable to identify, and said that it 
had appeared shortly before they lost contact with ground control.20

In 1966 the well-known astrophysicist and UFO researcher Dr. Jacques 
Vallee attended the International Congress of Mathematicians in Moscow 
and managed to broach the subject of UFOs with a few scientists, he told 
me in 1986. This may have encouraged them to take a more open stance 
on the controversy, possibly contributing to the inauguration on 17 May 
1967 of a semi-official group, headed by Major General Stolyarov, to 
conduct an investigation into the subject. According to Dr. Vallee, the 
Soviet Air Force had 15,000 reports on file at the time. One 1967 report, 
included in the USSR Academy of Sciences Institute of Space Research 
Report, states that on 19 September a UFO hovered and maneuvered 
around an airliner (Flight 404) over Volgograd, witnessed by frightened 
crewmen and passengers.21 


FURTHER CIA INTEREST, 1967 

An unevaluated CIA report dated 18 August 1967, with the subject head- 
ing "Report on Conversations with Soviet Scientists on Subject of Un- 
identified Flying Objects in the USSR," yields valuable information on 
the conflicting attitudes of the Soviet scientific community to the problem 
at the time. The name of the CIA (or CIA-sponsored) scientist who 
conducted the interviews, as well as the names of the Soviet scientists 
involved, are deleted, together with the date(s) of the interviews. It is 
worth recording that from 22 to 31 August 1967, a week after the CIA 
report was written, Dr. Robert J. Low, co-ordinator of the University of 
Colorado UFO Project at the time, attended the International Astronomy 
Union conference in Prague in order to represent the project and to report 
back on the UFO situation in Iron Curtain countries. Also in attendance 
was Franklin D. Roach, principal investigator of the Colorado University 
project. Both men's expenses were paid by the US government, but not 
through the UFO project.22 It is quite likely that either Low or Roach 
could have interviewed the Soviet scientists in Russia prior to the Prague 
visit: Low visited a number of European countries on project business 
during the month of August that year.

The first scientist referred to in the CIA report, a radio astronomer, 
"emphatically stated that he knew of no sightings of UFOs in the USSR 
and added with a laugh that if they were only seen in the US, they must 
be of Soviet origin." Another unnamed Soviet scientist, who was "very 
interested in the problem . . . had read Menzel's book (which has been 
translated into Russian) but did not accept his conclusions. [He] knew 
of some sightings in the northern part of the USSR, but said that reports 
of such sightings are not printed in Soviet newspapers because they are 
not regarded as scientific observations." The CIA report commented: 
"This is interesting in view of the readiness of Soviet newspapers to print 
rather fantastic reports of hypotheses and 'observations' suggested by the 
more imaginative members of the scientific community. Apparently some 
official sanction is needed.*' The CIA commentator adds that the anon- 
ymous scientist * 'has been interested in US reports of UFOs and readily 
accepts their reality. In fact, it is his personal opinion that the UFOs may 
originate on Venus.'' 

The report refers to a stellar spectroscopist who was "also dissatisfied 
with Menzel's book and felt that there was definitely an opportunity for 
additional research." The CIA report concluded: 

The general feeling one gets is that no official treatment of the UFO problem 
has been given in the USSR. ... At the same time, there is almost 
universal awareness of the history and characteristics of the phenomenon 
often associated with considerable interest. The result is that a demon- 
stration of the inadequacy of US Official explanations coupled with some 
proof of the reality of the observations might excite enthusiasm more 
rapidly among Soviet Astronomers than among their US counterparts who 
are more strongly influenced by the official ridicule associated with UFOs 
in the US.

Although the CIA report (which has several paragraphs blacked out) 
states that there seems to have been "no official treatment of the UFO 
problem" in the USSR, a research committee was established in the De- 
fense Ministry as early as 1955.24 And during that year, an alleged CIA 
source told me, leaders of the secret services of the USSR, USA, France 
and Britain, met in Geneva, where they unanimously agreed to a policy of 
secrecy on the UFO problem as far as the public was concerned. I have 
been unable to substantiate this story, however, other than the reliable 
American journalist Dorothy Kilgallen's comment in her syndicated col- 
umn on 15 February 1954: "Flying saucers are regarded as of such vital 
importance that they will be the subject of a special hush-hush meeting of 
the world military heads next summer." As far as Britain's involvement 
is concerned, a former Director of MI6 has convinced me that it is pure 
fabrication. Yet in 1965 George Langelaan, an ex-officer of the French 
secret service (known at that time as the SDECE-Service de Documen- 
tation Exterieur et de Contre-Espionage), stated publicly that the Russian 
and American secret services (if not the British and French) have collab- 
orated on the problem, and furthermore had arrived at the conclusion: "The 
flying saucers exist, their source is extraterrestrial, and the future-rela- 
tively quite soon-should permit confirmation of this statement."25

Needless to say, no such official confirmation has been forthcoming.

But certainly a degree of collaboration between American and Russian 
scientists was definitely established in the mid-1960s, as I have shown.

It is also worth mentioning the comments of Victor Marchetti, former 
Executive Assistant to the Deputy Director of the CIA, in this connection:

If it were concluded that UFOs were not of terrestrial origin but, rather, 
vehicles from outer space ... the CIA and US Government, aware that 
the phenomenon was of a worldwide nature, would seek cooperation in 
the investigation from the earth's other technically advanced nations, such 
as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and even the USSR. The CIA 
would function as the US Government's agent, just as the KGB would be 
the USSR's, MI6 would be the UK's, and so on. These agencies ... are 
quite accustomed to cooperating with each other on matters of mutual 
interest. Cooperation in the intelligence business is not restricted to allies.

There are times when the CIA and KGB have found it advantageous to 
work together.26 


THE STOLYAROV COMMITTEE, 1967 

On 18 October 1967 the first meeting of the UFO Section of the All- 
Union Committee on Cosmonautics of the DOSAAF (the Soviet equiv- 
alent of the US Department of Defense) took place, attended by 400 
people. Retired Soviet Air Force Major General Porfiri Stolyarov was 
elected Chairman, and Dr. Felix Zigel agreed to be deputy chairman of 
the semi-official group. Members included a cosmonaut, eighteen sci- 
entists and astronomers, as well as 200 qualified observers stationed 
throughout the country.27

Stolyarov, on learning of the existence of a mass of top secret official 
reports, asked the Soviet Air Ministry whether his group could have access 
to them. "Yes," he was told. "First set up your group, and then you 
can have the UFO reports." But Stolyarov was denied access to the 
reports and when he asked the reason for this was reportedly told, "Be- 
cause this is too big a matter and you are too small."

On 10 November 1967 both Major General Stolyarov and Dr. Felix 
Zigel appeared on Moscow Central Television to announce the formation 
of the committee, at the conclusion of which Dr. Zigel made an extraor- 
dinarily outspoken appeal to his fellow countrymen: "Unidentified Flying 
Objects are a very serious subject which we must study fully. We appeal 
to all viewers to send us details of any observations of strange flying 
craft seen over the territories of the Soviet Union. This is a serious 
challenge to science, and we need the help of all Soviet citizens. Please 
write to us at the following address in Moscow. ..."

There is no way this statement would have been broadcast unless it 
had been officially sanctioned, considering the degree of media censorship 
in the Soviet Union. The committee was inundated with letters from the 
public. Within a few days Stolyarov and the committee had over 200 
good reports, and the press was not slow in publishing viewers' sightings.2' 

Cover-up 

Perhaps the authorities had not anticipated such an enthusiastic response 
from the public. By the end of November 1967 the DOSAAF Central 
Section of the Ail-Union Committee of Cosmonautics, chaired by Army 
General A. L. Getman, adopted and passed a resolution on the dissolution 
of the UFO section. None of the members of the UFO section was invited 
to the meeting, nor were they ever informed as to the reason for this 
decision.30 

John Miller, a correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, relates an inter- 
esting account of his attempt to secure an interview with Stolyarov at the 
time. Miller managed to track down the UFO section headquarters to an 
office in the Central House of Aviation and Cosmonautics [Krasnoar- 
meiskaya Street, Moscow A-167], near the Soviet Air Force Academy, 
but a secretary said the general was out. An appointment was made for 
the following day but when Miller returned there was no general, no 
secretary, and the office was completely bare. He questioned a Soviet 
official working in the building about the Stolyarov Committee and asked 
what had happened to it. The man shrugged and replied, "You are 
imagining things, comrade. Everybody knows that UFOs do not exist."

A Defense Intelligence Agency document released in 1985 adds that 
a Reuters correspondent went to see Major-General Stolyarov a few days 
after the TV program. "The general was very polite," the report states, 
and "confirmed the information about the commission, the 18 astrono- 
mers and SAF [Soviet Air Force] officers and the 200 observers. In 
addition, he said five positive sightings had been made. Approximately 
a week later the Reuters correspondent went back to see General Stoly- 
arov. However, this time the correspondent could not get past the gen- 
eral's secretary; was politely but firmly told the general was no longer 
available for interview."32 

Further Reactions to the Stolyarov Committee 

Reactions to the formation of the Stolyarov Committee, and all it implied, 
were worldwide. The New York Times, for example, referred to it as an 
"official" study group, on a parallel with the Colorado University UFO 
Project commissioned by the US Air Force, and this, according to re- 
searchers Hobana and Weverbergh, particularly incensed some of Rus- 
sia's more conservative scientists. The USSR Academy of Sciences held 
an Extraordinary General Meeting during which Dr. L. A. Artsimovitch 
severely reprimanded all UFO protagonists, invoking the honor of Soviet 
scientists, "who were making themselves look ridiculous in the eyes of 
their Western colleagues. . . . Even before the Academy had officially 
pronounced upon the matter Vladimir Lechkoutsov, Secretary of the Na- 
tional Committee of Russian Physicists, had granted an interview to a 
Canadian newspaper in which he denied the existence of any Russian 
organization for the solving of the UFO problem."33

In the New York Times article already cited, Dr. Felix Zigel appealed 
for international scientific cooperation on the matter:

Unfortunately, certain scientists both in the Soviet Union and the United 
States deny the very existence of the problem instead of trying to solve it.

International scientific cooperation as the solution of this problem would 
long have become a reality had not sensationalism and irresponsible anti- 
scientific assertions as regards "flying saucers" interfered. . . .

The UFO problem is a challenge to mankind. It is the duty of scientists 
to take up this challenge, to disclose the nature of the UFO and to establish 
the scientific truth.34 

The British government was apparently the first to take up the chal- 
lenge. According to the Defense Intelligence Agency, on 12 December 
1967 (two days after Zigel's appeal was published) the British Embassy 
was directed by London to investigate the possibility of collaborating 
with the Soviets: 

The Scientific Counselor of the British Embassy went to the State Com- 
mittee for Science and Technology and inquired about the UFO Commis- 
sion and the possibility of British-Russian cooperation in observation of 
UFOs. The British Counselor was politely received and the commission 
was freely discussed. The British were told they would receive a reply to 
their request for cooperation.

The British did not receive an answer and did not pursue the subject.

However, on [ 1 January 1968 ... the British Scientific Counselor was 
told the following: The commission for investigating UFOs had been set 
up in response to public demand. The commission had met twice, but 
since there was insufficient information to sustain it the commission would 
be disbanded after the next meeting.

The British Scientific Counselor believes the original announcement of 
the commission on TV was an oversight on the part of the censors because 
the commission has not been referred to anywhere else. Mr. [ ] believes 
the commission has not been disbanded, but will continue under cover. . . .

The preceding information was given to RO by source. RO also read 
confidential British files on the subject.35 [Emphasis added] 
On 20 February 1968 the US Embassy in Moscow sent an unclassified 
airgram to the US Department of State in Washington, DC, drawing 
attention to the February issue of Soviet Life, in which an article by Zigel 
referred in detail to the Stolyarov Committee and concluded that inter- 
national cooperation in studying UFOs was vital. The hypothesis that 
UFOs originate on other worlds, and that they are flying craft from planets 
other than earth, Zigel was quoted as having said, **merits the most 
serious examination." 

The existence or nonexistence of the Stolyarov Committee continued 
to plague Soviet academicians. Even Arkadii Tykhonov, Secretary of the 
committee, wrote a letter to the editor of the French journal Phenomenes 
Spacieux stating that the information published therein about the estab- 
lishment of a UFO committee in the USSR was incorrect. "As far as I 
am concerned," Tykhonov concluded, "being old and ill, I ask that you 
take this letter into account."36 

What seems particularly farcical is how anyone could deny the exis- 
tence of the Stolyarov Committee after its establishment had been offi- 
cially announced on Moscow Central Television. The authorities were 
determined to stamp out serious interest in the subject, and in February 
1968 Pravda (Truth) published the official view in an article signed by 
E. Mustel, Chairman of the Soviet Astronomical Services, D. Marynov, 
President of the All-Union Astronomical and Geodetic Society, and V.
Leshkovtsev, Secretary of the National Committee of Soviet Physicists.

Not a single object had been sighted over Russian soil which could not 
be explained, the article said, and people who reported such things were 
either deceitful or lacking in scientific training. UFOs were "anti-Soviet 
products of decadent capitalistic warmongering . . . They are not seen 
by astronomers who attentively study the skies day and night. They are 
not encountered by scientists who study the state and conditions of earth's 
atmosphere. They have not been observed by the Air Defense Service of 
this country."37 These statements are patently absurd in view of the 
relatively high incidence of reports by scientists, astronomers, and pilots 
in the Soviet Union, as officially published eleven years later in a statistical 
analysis by the Institute of Space Research of the USSR Academy of 
Sciences.38 

Dr. Zigel was ordered to terminate his research and was expressly 
forbidden to have any contact with Western journalists.39 This is corrob- 
orated by the fact that Dr. Edward Condon, head of the Colorado Uni- 
versity UFO Project, never received a reply to a letter he sent Zigel, and 
Dr. Robert Low, Project Co-ordinator, made one attempt at seeking 
collaboration with the Stolyarov Committee via the Soviet Embassy in 
Washington, but no further contacts were initiated in view of the lack of 
a response from Dr. Zigel.40 

Zigel, although forbidden from carrying out his "dissident" research, 
nevertheless began privately to compile a manuscript of the mass of about 
250 reports that had accumulated as a result of the television broadcast,41 
and was to reemerge at the forefront of Soviet UFO research eleven years 
later.


BRITISH AIRWAYS SIGHTING, LITHUANIA, 1976 

The CIA continued to monitor the UFO phenomenon in the USSR as 
well as other countries, and a declassified Foreign Intelligence Information 
Report, with the source deleted, refers to a sighting by the crew of a 
British European Airways (now British Airways) plane, Flight 831 from 
Moscow to London, on 10 September 1976:

Between 1800 and 1900 hours, the aircraft was cruising at an altitude of 
approximately 33 thousand feet (9,900 meters), apparently inside the border 
of Lithuania, when a blinding, single source, constant intensity, and sta- 
tionary light was observed off the starboard flight path of the aircraft. The 
light's distance was estimated to be approximately 10 to 15 miles (16 to 
24 kilometers) off of the aircraft's path and approximately five to six 
thousand feet (1,500 to 1,800 meters) below the aircraft, somewhat above 
a lower cloud layer. The light, which resembled a sodium vapor lamp 
(yellowish in color), and which was too intense to view directly for any 
period of time, completely lit the top of the lower cloud layer, giving it 
a glowing cast.

The light was of such interest that the BEA pilot came onto the aircraft's 
intercom network, stated that he was somewhat concerned over its pres- 
ence, and said he had asked the Soviet authorities for an identification of 
its source. The Soviet authorities came back with a negative identification 
response, suggesting that he should not ask questions. The light was ob- 
served for approximately 10 to 15 minutes, until the aircraft had flown 
past and left the light source behind.


RIVAL FACTIONS 

It was not until 1979 that the subject of UFOs became respectable once 
more in the Soviet Union. A group within the USSR Academy of Sciences 
Institute for the Study of Terrestrial Magnetism and Radioactivity was 
established that year to study "anomalous atmospheric phenomena"- 
clearly a scientifically more acceptable term. In Nedelya (The Week), 
scientists Migulin and Platov, leaders of the new group, stated that UFOs 
were unquestionably "natural phenomena" but conceded that "there are 
a number of phenomena that are resistant to a trivial explanation." The 
article contained severe criticisms of UFO enthusiasts, who by their inept 
investigations and popularization of the UFO problem had only served 
to hinder the new group from arriving at a complete solution to the 
phenomena "within a few months"! The scientists urged witnesses to 
send reports of their sightings to the Academy of Sciences.

In late 1978 another group was established by leading UFO researchers 
Vladimir Azhazha, Deputy Director of the Underwater Research Section 
of the USSR Academy of Sciences, and Nikita Schnee. The group was 
to be an official civilian UFO study section under the auspices of the 
A. S. Popov Scientific and Technical Society for Radio, Electronics and 
Communications, and called itself BPVTS, short for Blizhniy Poisk Vne- 
zemnykh Tsivilizatsy s Pomoshch'yu Sredstva Radioelektronika (Search 
for Extraterrestrial Civilizations in the Neighourhood of Earth by Means 
of Radio-electronics).

Members of the section included prominent figures such as Vice Ad- 
miral M. M. Krylov, Chief of Communications in the Soviet Navy, 
Y. G. Nazarov, deputy head of the Soviet Control Center for Space 
Flights, and E. V. Khrunov, pilot and cosmonaut. In an interview pub- 
lished in Tekhnika Molodezhi (Technical Youth), Khrunov stated: 'The 
UFO problem exists, and it is extremely serious. Thousands of people 
have seen UFOs, and up till now it is still not clear what they are. We 
are going to have to make a thorough investigation of this question. It is 
entirely possible that, concealed behind this question, there lies the prob- 
lem of communication with extraterrestrial civilizations."43

Nikita Schnee, Scientific Secretary of the new section, claimed that 
attempts to establish similar groups in other cities of the USSR had been 
thwarted by officialdom, although a group was successfully set up in 
Estonia. At its inaugural seminar in November 1978 at Moscow Uni- 
versity some unknown individuals stormed into the auditorium and dis- 
rupted the meeting. Later, the vice-principal of the university appeared 
and ordered the section to leave the hall because, he said, it had already 
been booked for another meeting. To emphasize the point he had brought 
along a number of rather bewildered-looking students, evidently gathered 
hastily from a nearby auditorium.

According to Schnee, none other than Dr. Felix Zigel was responsible 
for the interruption, who confirmed as much in a telephone conversation 
afterward. Learning of the impending seminar, Zigel had tipped off the 
Moscow City Committee of the Soviet Communist Party, as well as the 
KGB, and asked them to break up the meeting. Rather than a deliberate 
attempt by the authorities to discourage UFO research, this interference 
with the BPVTS group is interpreted by Schnee as a ploy by the jealous 
Zigel to thwart the activities of other ufologists in the USSR. Schnee's 
article in Flying Saucer Review degenerates into polemics at this point, 
accusing Zigel of fabricating reports, plagiarism, and self-aggrandizement.

In November 1979 the Moscow headquarters of the A. S. Popov 
Society ordered the UFO section to change its title to the more innocuous 
*'Section for the Investigation of Anomalous Atmospheric Phenomena."

But in December 1979 the Moscow City Committee of the Soviet Com- 
munist Party forbade all operations of the section, although the group 
seems to have continued functioning on an unofficial basis.44 


GIANT UFO OVER MOSCOW.

On the night of 14 June 1980 one of the most spectacular sightings ever 
to have taken place in the USSR is said to have occurred. A huge reddish 
orange horseshoe- or crescent-shaped object (owing to belts of swirling 
luminous gases flowing around it) appeared over the city of Kalinin, 
observed by hundreds of witnesses, including the distinguished geophys- 
icist Aleksei Zolotov. As a member of Dr. Zigel's team of scientific UFO 
investigators, Zolotov immediately phoned Zigel in Moscow, who alerted 
other members. The object appeared over Moscow eight minutes later 
and was seen by thousands, including another well-known Soviet ufol- 
ogist, astrophysicist Sergei Bozhich, who allegedly went down to the 
streets to calm some of the more hysterical witnesses, who were convinced 
that the Americans had launched a nuclear attack.45

There are good reasons for believing that the "UFO" was nothing 
more sinister than a Russian satellite launch. Bozhich himself states that 
he saw at least two fragments of the object detach themselves from the 
larger object-probably some of the booster rockets-and photographs 
show a remarkable resemblance to a rocket launch. Indeed, Pekka Teer- 
ikorpi, an astronomer from the Turku Observatory in Finland, has shown 
that the sighting coincided precisely with the launch of Cosmos 1188, a 
military reconnaissance satellite, from the officially non-existent cos- 
modrome at Plesetsk, north of Moscow. Until recently the very existence 
of this cosmodrome was a secret, and even many top Soviet scientists 
and military officers knew nothing about what went on there.

Could it be that Zigel and other aligned ufologists in the USSR are 
deliberately cultivating some UFO rumors in order to cover up tests of 
secret new "Star Wars" weapons, as well as more conventional but 
nevertheless secret military reconnaissance satellites? James Oberg, for- 
merly a senior mission controller with NASA as well as a noted UFO 
skeptic, certainly thinks so, and believes that the Soviets have an official 
policy of disinformation with regard to UFOs for precisely this reason.

He is equally convinced that the USSR Academy of Sciences' report on 
UFO statistics in the Soviet Union46 is based mainly on experiments with 
the Fractional Orbital Bombardment System (FOBS) which the Russians 
had been secretly building in violation of the 1963 Outer Space Treaty.47

It is certainly true that the Soviet space program is shrouded in secrecy.

Rocket launches are seldom announced in advance, and it would suit the 
Kremlin to spread disinformation about UFO sightings in order to throw 
a cloak over their real activities. Dr. Zigel, after all, has worked (and I 
believe still is working) for the Soviet space program, and one would 
think that he would be able to recognize a rocket launch such as that 
which occurred on 14 June 1980, even if he had not been informed as 
to the precise launch time.

In 1979 there were reports of intensive UFO activity over the moun- 
tainous areas of Kazakhstan, north of Tashkent, and stories of mysterious 
lights in the sky were carried by the Soviet press. According to the former 
head of US Air Force Intelligence, Major General George Keegan, the 
Russians were testing a "Star Wars" laser or particle-beam weapon at 
the missile range at Sarychogan, Kazakhstan.48 Sarychogan is one of the 
most secret military installations in the USSR, and is completely isolated 
from the outside world. There, within a giant complex that includes twelve 
high-energy particle generators, the Soviets are engaged in what the CIA 
code-named "Project Tora"-the race to produce laser beam weapons 
capable of knocking out enemy satellites or the warheads of incoming 
missiles. The Soviets have only recently admitted to having conducted 
extensive research into strategic defense initiative weapons.

Debunkers such as James Oberg and Philip Klass argue that all such 
reports can be explained in terms of rocket launches, weapons testing, 
barium cloud experiments, and so on, but one should bear in mind that 
many reports-especially those involving occupants-cannot be so easily 
explained, however tempting it may be to do so. It must also be pointed 
out that Zigel's findings seem to be well researched, and conform to 
Western findings.


MORE STATEMENTS FROM DR. FELIX ZIGEL 

We have seen these UFOs over the USSR; craft of every possible shape: 
small, big, flattened, spherical. They are able to remain stationary in the 
atmosphere or to shoot along at 100,000 kilometers per hour. They move 
without producing the slightest sound, by creating around themselves a 
pneumatic vacuum that protects them from the hazard of burning up in 
our stratosphere. Their craft also have the mysterious capacity to vanish 
and reappear at will. They are also able to affect our power resources, 
halting our electricity-generating plants, our radio stations, and our engines, 
without however leaving any permanent damage. So refined a technology 
can only be the fruit of an intelligence that is indeed far superior to man.

This significant statement was made to the American journalist Henry 
Gris in an interview for the Italian weekly magazine Gente in 1981. Zigel 
further claimed that he had 50,000 UFO reports on file in the computer 
of the Moscow Aviation Institute, and added that from the material in 
his own archives he had compiled eight volumes. Only one had been 
published, he said, because the others, if released to the Soviet public, 
would trigger off an enormous wave of fear and unrest throughout the 
entire country.

Zigel went on to state that at least seven landings of extraterrestrial 
spacecraft had occurred in the vicinity of Moscow between June 1977 
and September 1979. He believes that there are three basic categories of 
UFO occupant: spacemen, the least frequently observed, who are very 
tall beings, three meters or so in height; humanoids, who are in general 
so similar to us in height and in many other respects that they could most 
probably mingle here undetected, many of whom may already have in- 
filtrated; and what Zigel calls aliens, who are around one meter in height 
and although resembling us in some respects possess relatively large heads 
with no trace of hair, protruding eyes set far apart, wrinkled faces, and 
a pair of large nostrils by way of a nose.

In addition to these categories of what he terms "flesh-and-blood 
extraterrestrials" Zigel states that the spacecraft carry crews of robots or 
androids which possess the ability to disappear and reappear at will and, 
not being subject to the physical laws of our planet, seem to be "delib- 
erately constructed in order to confound all our notions of space, matter, 
time, and dimensions."49 I have come to similar conclusions after more 
than thirty years' research, so I find it difficult to equate Zigel's statements 
with official disinformation.

There seems little doubt, though, that the sighting over Moscow and 
other areas on 14 June 1980 was not of a UFO, and unless Zigel was 
genuinely mistaken his endorsement of it is puzzling. Even more puzzling 
is the fact that on the night in question he claims to have received at least 
two reports of landed UFOs in Moscow. One report allegedly came from 
a Lieutenant-Colonel Oleg Karyakin, who supposedly saw a "round, 
flattened object, a classic 'flying saucer,' just like a big bowl reversed 
on top of a slightly smaller plate, and hanging stationary at a distance of 
about 30 meters from my house." Karyakin is said to have tried getting 
closer to the object, but was repelled by an invisible and insurmountable 
barrier. Several neighbors also observed the object (one reported a hu- 
manoid occupant), which took off after a few minutes.50

An unlikely but intriguing possibility is that the UFOs were using the 
launch of Cosmos 1188 as a cover for their own operations! If the Moscow 
landing reports were fabricated, however, it is more than likely that the 
notorious KGB was responsible.


THE KGB 

The KGB or Komitet Gosudarstvennoi Bezopastnosti (Committee for 
State Security) is undoubtedly the world's largest secret service, whose 
estimated personnel is said to number a staggering 1,750,000 in the Soviet 
Union alone, and 400,000 abroad (including members of USSR satellite 
countries' secret services).51 By 1959 the KGB had a fully fledged dis- 
information department, known as Department D (for Dezinformatsiya) 
of the First Chief Directorate, which under the late Yuri Andropov was 
renamed Department A. Disinformation entails the fabrication and dis- 
semination of forged documents, tapes, letters, manuscripts and photo- 
graphs, as well as the propagation of misleading or malicious rumors and 
intelligence.52 The CIA estimates that the Russians spend about $4 billion 
a year on disinformation-a sobering thought indeed.

If the Soviets are seeking to spread false UFO stories as a means of 
covering up their space launches and strategic defense initiative (*'Star 
Wars") tests, they may be fooling their own people but they are unlikely 
to fool Western intelligence. America's National Reconnaissance Office, 
for example, has sophisticated methods for detecting and tracking any 
Soviet rocket launch or SDI tests, mostly via satellite.


BAIKONUR, 1982 

Some UFO reports that emanate from the Soviet Union read like science 
fiction, yet they seem to come from reliable sources. According to the 
Latvian-born US journalist Henry Gris, for instance, scientists Dr. Alexei 
Zolotov and Dr. Vladimir Azhazha (who are both involved in UFO re- 
search) told him that two UFOs hovered over the cosmodrome at Baikonur 
for fourteen seconds on 1 June 1982, one directly above launch pad No. 
1. The following day bolts and rivets were found which had allegedly 
been "sucked out" of the support towers, and welded sections had come 
apart. The other UFO reportedly hovered over the nearby housing com- 
plex, knocking out thousands of panes of glass, or making fine holes in 
them. As a consequence, the entire cosmodrome was said to have been 
put out of action for at least two weeks. This story was confirmed to 
Gordon Creighton by Henry Gris, who added that even James Oberg had 
admitted to him that the base had indeed been out of commission during 
the period in question, and could apparently find no explanation for it.53 


COMMISSION FOR THE INVESTIGATION OF ANOMALOUS ATMOSPHERIC PHENOMENA 

By the beginning of 1983 the Russians were once again admitting that 
UFOs were a serious subject. An article in Sovietskaya Kultura of 6

January stated that the existence of UFOs should not be ruled out, and 
USSR 243 

revealed that a Soviet Air Force pilot had had an encounter with one in 
1981. The article said that there were still many unexplained phenomena 
behind the reports, and urged scientists to collate as much information 
as possible.54 

In February 1984 the Commission for the Investigation of Anomalous 
Atmospheric Phenomena was established in Moscow, although its official 
announcement in the West was delayed until May. Affiliated to the Com- 
mittee for the Protection of Natural Environment of the Ail-Union Council 
of Scientific Technical Societies, the new commission was comprised of 
high level scientists and academicians, and was headed by the distin- 
guished former cosmonaut, Pavel Popovitch. Popovitch told the trade 
union newspaper Trud (Labor) that there had been hundreds of reports 
each year in the Soviet Union, and that most could be explained away.

But scientists had been disturbed by events in Gorky, 250 miles from 
Moscow, the previous year, which defied rational analysis.

On the evening of 27 March 1983 air traffic controllers at Gorky Airport 
had observed a steel-gray cigar-shaped object flying toward them which 
failed to respond to radio contact. It was about the size of a conventional 
aircraft but lacked wings, tail or fin, and was flying at an altitude of 3,000 
feet at a speed of up to 125 mph. The object behaved erratically, flying 
forty-five miles to the southeast of Gorky before turning to head back to 
the airport, finally vanishing twenty-five miles to the north of the city.

Popovitch added that the new commission was taking this report very 
seriously, since the sighting had been made by reliable and well trained 
aviation experts who had given precise and scientific observations, and 
who had tracked the UFO on radar for forty minutes.

The Trud article stated that other sightings witnessed by less well- 
trained observers would not be accepted by the commission,55 but in July 
1984 Sovietskaya Rossiya gave a box number at Moscow's main post 
office where citizens could send their UFO reports.56 


AEROFLOT FLIGHT 8352 ESCORTED BY UFO, 1984 

On 30 January 1985 Tass, the official Soviet news agency, gave world- 
wide circulation to a dramatic UFO report, which first appeared in an 
article by V. Vostrukhin in Trud on that date. According to the report a 
Tupolev Tu-134a, Flight 8352, flying from Tbilisi to Tallin via Rostov, 
encountered an unidentified object at 4:10 a.m. on an unspecified date, 
120 kilometers from Minsk. The aircraft was operated by an aircrew from 
the Estonian Administration of the USSR Ministry of Civil Aviation: Igor 
Cherkashin (flight captain); Gennadi Lazurin (second pilot); Igor Ognev 
(navigation officer), and Gennadi Kozlov (air mechanic).

The second pilot first noticed a yellow star-like object above and to 
starboard which he dismissed as a light refraction in the atmosphere.

Suddenly a thin shaft of light shot down from the object toward the 
ground. Lazurin nudged the air mechanic who, having confirmed the 
sighting, asked the captain to report it. The shaft of light then suddenly 
vanished and changed into a vivid cone of light, wider but paler than the 
first, followed by a third cone, wide and intensely bright. Although it is 
difficult to estimate distances when dealing with UFOs, all four airmen 
got the impression that the unknown object was at a height of forty to 
fifty kilometers above the earth.

The second pilot began to make a quick sketch of this remarkable 
sight. On the area of ground illuminated by the cone-shaped beam of 
light, everything-houses and road included-was totally and distinctly 
visible. The searchlight beam then rose from the ground and centered on 
the aircraft, and the crew observed a blinding white point of light sur- 
rounded by concentric colored circles.

The captain was hesitant about reporting the sighting, but then some- 
thing happened that dispelled his doubts. The white point of light flared 
up and changed into a "green cloud," and it seemed to him that the 
object was now approaching the airliner at an immense speed and was 
on the point of crossing their course at an acute angle. "Transmit report!"

Captain Cherkashin shouted to the navigation officer, but just as the latter 
began to radio details to Air Traffic Control in Minsk, the object came 
to a halt. The Minsk controller received and acknowledged the crew's 
report, remarking politely that unfortunately he could see nothing, either 
on the radar screen or in the sky.

The "green cloud" then suddenly dropped down to the altitude of the 
airliner, went straight up vertically, and began to swing from left to right, 
then down and up once again. Finally, it took up a position beside the 
airliner and flew alongside at their altitude of 10,000 meters and speed 
of 800 kilometers per hour. Inside the "cloud" the crew could see a 
"play of lights" flashing on and off, and then performing fiery zigzag 
maneuvers.

The navigation officer continued to transmit details of the sighting to 
Air Traffic Control, who responded: "I see flashes on the horizon. Where 
do you see your 'cloud'?' The navigation officer reported its position in 
relation to the airliner. "That fits," said the controller.

The "cloud" continued to change shape, developing a "tail" shaped 
like a waterspout, wide at the top and narrow at the bottom. Then the 
"tail" started to rise and from its elliptical shape changed to a "square," 
then a sharp-nosed wingless "cloud-aircraft." The object shone with a 
yellow and green glow, giving the crew the impression that it was "mim- 
icking" their plane.

At this point the stewardess came on to the flight deck and said that 
the passengers wanted to know what the strange object was flying beside 
them. "Tell them it's a cloud!" replied the captain. "Yellow clouds- 
lights of cities reflecting from below. Green clouds-tell them it's the 
Aurora Borealis!" 

At that time another Tupolev 134 was passing through the Minsk Air 
Traffic Control Zone, flying the opposite route. The two aircraft were 
100 kilometers apart. Captain Cherkashin asked the other Tu-134 crew 
if they could see anything, but the reply came back in the negative. The 
Minsk controller gave the other airliner the coordinates and direction in 
which they should be able to observe the phenomenon, but they saw 
absolutely nothing. Only when the two aircraft were fifteen kilometers 
apart did they begin to see it, and gave a precise description of the "cloud 
aircraft." 

Captain Cherkashin's crew contacted the air traffic controllers at Riga 
and Vilna, who picked up both the Tu-134 and the UFO. As they passed 
over Lake Chud and Lake Pskov, the crew were able to make an estimate 
of the size of the cloud. The two lakes, oblong in shape, are separated 
by a small sand bar. The Tu-134 was flying at a distance of 120 kilometers 
to the left of the lakes, and the object was flying to the right of them, in 
the vicinity of Tartu. From the nose of the object, where it seemed there 
was what looked like a "solid ball," a beam of light shot out again. The 
patch of light struck a cloud and then moved down toward the ground.

Thus, by mere chance, the "cloud-aircraft" revealed its dimensions and 
it was possible to assess its length as being equal to that of Lake Pskov, 
which is about twenty-five miles.

The object continued following the airliner to Tallin in Estonia. After 
landing there the crew were given some curious details by the air traffic 
controller: on the Tallin radarscope the Tu-134 was not the only object 
seen. Although there was only the one aircraft, behind it could be seen 
two other moving "blips" the whole time, yet the blip of the airliner 
kept vanishing and reappearing. "I would have understood it all right 
had you been 'blinking' on the landing radarscope," said the controller. 
"But on the sky-scanning radar, that never happens-simply can't hap- 
pen." 

The Trud article concluded with a statement by Dr. Nikolai Zheltukhin, 
Vice-Chairman of the Commission for Anomalous Phenomena:

The commission is making a systematic study of sightings of unidentified 
flying objects observed over the territory of the USSR. The material we 
have is already quite considerable, so we have something to work on. But 
one is obliged to note with regret that all the accounts at our disposal suffer 
to some degree or other from bias or incompleteness. This sighting by the 
Tallin aircrew has been investigated by the Estonian Section of our com- 
mission ...

The case is a genuinely interesting one, though we know of others like 
it. The fact that the object instantaneously reversed its line of flight and 
shot down an unusually powerful beam of light from a great altitude is 
unquestionably anomalous. But, in judging the nature of the phenomenon, 
the commission is guided by the indications of the locality. That is to say, 
if the phenomenon is local, and limited in space, it can be claimed of it 
that it is anomalous. But the dimensions of the object in this case, as seen 
by the airmen, were unintentionally enlarged. It was already very big. It 
was natural to suppose that, somewhere faraway, many thousands of miles 
distant, some global or atmospheric or geophysical process of a type already 
known to Science might have been taking place. But to the pilots the things 
seemed to be quite close. Yet this explanation proved in the end to be 
unsound, for the pilots were able to establish its distance from them.

Consequently, the only conclusion that can be drawn is that the Tallin 
aircrew encountered what we call a UFO. It is particularly valuable that 
we now possess a consistent and detailed picture of the transformation in 
the appearance of unidentified flying objects.57

Dr. Zheltukhin concluded his statement by requesting Trud readers to 
report all such sightings to the Commission for Anomalous Phenomena, 
giving an address in Moscow.58 

Skeptics will dismiss this extraordinary sighting as a barium cloud 
experiment or strategic defense initiative test, yet there seem to me to be 
no intelligent grounds for accepting any hypothesis other than that the 
Aeroflot crews observed a genuine unidentified flying object which was 
also tracked on radar. According to Gordon Creighton's sources in the 
USSR, the date of the incident has now been established as 7 September 
1984.

It should be pointed out that Trud, a trade union newspaper, normally 
purveys news strictly dictated by "Communist realism,*' and the report 
therefore came as something of a surprise to readers. Possibly to set the 
record straight, the Soviet military daily paper Krasnaya Zvezda (Red 
Star) debunked the sighting as science fiction three months later. Flying 
saucers and UFOs observed through the ages are not the transport of 
extraterrestrial beings, it said, but are more likely apparitions caused by 
temperature inversions, refracted light or radio waves. Also, the number 
of artificial objects-discarded booster rockets, decaying satellites and 
so on-has increased the likelihood of freak appearances in the night- 
time sky, the article added. The mystery surrounding the Aeroflot sighting 
could thus be explained as "refracted light beams striking floating space 
garbage, or as bits of discarded rockets showering down through the 
atmosphere." 

The article contained a rare admission that one sighting in particular 
had been caused by Soviet space activity. In September 1977 Tass had 
reported that a huge mass of light flared up in the skies over Petrozavodsk 
in Soviet Karelia near the Finnish border. The strange brilliance "hovered 
over the city in the form of a jellyfish sending down a multitude of fine 
beams.... The impression was of a torrential rain of light.'' The sighting 
was merely caused by a booster rocket falling away during the launch of 
the Cosmos 955 satellite, explained Krasnaya Zvezda.59 

The Commission for Anomalous Phenomena is apparently now firmly 
under the aegis of the prestigious USSR Academy of Sciences, in spite 
of earlier reports emphasizing the rift between the commission and the 
academy over treatment of UFO sightings. In March 1985 it was an- 
nounced that the "special commission of the Soviet Academy of Sci- 
ences" had officially acknowledged that the Aeroflot crew of Flight 8352 
had encountered "something we call UFOs."60 

UFO enthusiasts in the Soviet Union, seemingly undeterred by periodic 
rebuttals from the official press, continue to give lectures and to circulate 
underground samizdat bulletins on sightings and, as we have seen, even 
the official press occasionally carries positive statements on the subject.

The fact that opposing viewpoints are published may be seen as a healthy 
development in a country where the media is state-controlled. Yet the 
authorities continue to intercept letters from foreign enthusiasts, as well 
as to confiscate books and magazines, or remove offending pages from 
them. The well-known Russian ufologist Valerii Sanarov of Novosibirsk, 
for example, commented on this state of affairs to the French researcher 
Jean-Francois Boadec: "I must say that a great deal of UFO publications 
are confiscated here by the postal authorities as prohibited items."61 Later 
he was more specific: "Please find here enclosed the reply of our postal 
authorities stating that your parcel has been confiscated as [a] prohibited 
item. . . . You can see from the postal regulations that the item mentioned 
(Article 36-4'f) specifies that prohibited items are those causing po- 
litical or economic prejudice to the USSR. It follows that your book is 
capable of such prejudice ... as many other books." 

There is nothing remarkable about this, however. Letters, articles, 
magazines and books on any subject deemed of political or economic 
prejudice to the USSR are frequently intercepted or confiscated. I well 
remember an occasion when I had just arrived at Leningrad by boat in 
1969 and had to wait for ten minutes while the customs authorities combed 
through my copies of Time and Newsweek magazines, searching for "anti- 
Soviet propaganda." Apparently nothing could be found and the copies 
were grudgingly returned to me, with a warning not to leave them in the 
USSR. Perhaps it was no coincidence that a few days later a (presumed) 
KGB agent took a photograph of me as I was in line to change money 
at a bank, afterward disappearing rapidly up some stairs.

During my two visits to the Soviet Union I have detected an under- 
current of enthusiasm for UFOs. Although the subject was taboo at the 
time and I was advised against meeting other researchers, a young party 
official told me that sightings in the USSR were widespread and that the 
subject was followed with a great deal of interest. And at the Moscow 
Space Museum in 1971, during a concert tour with the London Symphony 
Orchestra, I saw a number of futuristic paintings depicting flying 
saucers-with one showing humanoid occupants. Fantasy? Or signposts 
to the future.

The latest official announcements in the Soviet Union lend credence 
to the possibility that the late Dr. Hynek's fear may be realized: that the 
Russians will be the first to break the worldwide cover-up on UFOs. This 
is indeed an intriguing possibility, and the political and social conse- 
quences will, I am certain, have been given careful consideration by CIA 
analysts. I am equally certain that the Kremlin will have considered what 
political advantages are to be gained by making such an announcement.

In 1920 a fascinating conversation took place between Lenin and 
H. G. Wells, which the latter related as follows:

I said to Lenin that the development of human technology might some day 
change the world situation. The Marxist conception itself would then be- 
come meaningless. Lenin looked at me and he said: 
"You are right. I understood this myself when I read your novel The 
Time Machine. All human conceptions are on a scale of our planet. They 
are based on the pretension that the technical potential, although it will 
develop, will never exceed the 'terrestrial limit.' If we succeed in estab- 
lishing interplanetary communication, all our philosophical, moral and 
social views will have to be revised. In this case, the technical potential, 
become limitless, would impose the end of the role of violence as a means 
and method of progress."6 

There is no denying the possibility that once it is established beyond 
doubt that extraterrestrials are visiting our earth, the social, philosophical, 
scientific, and economic repercussions would have a profound effect on 
us all-irrespective of nationality. And should the visitors pose any kind 
of threat to humanity, the likelihood is that this will lead to an unpre- 
cedented degree of unity among nations.

During the Geneva summit conference in November 1985 President 
Reagan made just this point to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev when 
he told him "how much easier his task and mine might be in these 
meetings that we held if suddenly there was a threat to this world from 
another species from another planet outside in the universe. We'd forget 
all the little local differences that we have between our countries, and 
we would find out once and for all that we really are all human beings 
here on this earth together."64 



PART THREE : USA 


=====================================================================
11. 1947-54 

In 1947 "flying saucers"-a description coined by the press following 
pilot Kenneth Arnold's famous sighting of nine disk-shaped objects over 
the Cascade Mountains, Washington, on 24 June-began to be seen in 
ever-increasing numbers all over the United States. Reports were being 
made by qualified observers such as military and civilian pilots, air traffic 
controllers, and others whose jobs depended on their ability to identify 
objects in the sky. The authorities were alarmed.

Arnold's first sighting had been the subject of an investigation by the 
FBI and Army Air Forces.1 The story is so well known that I have not 
included it here, but an FBI agent's comments on the reliability of the 
report are worth quoting:

It is the personal opinion of the interviewer that [Arnold] actually saw 
what he states he saw in the attached report. It is also the opinion of the 
interviewer that [Arnold] would have much more to lose than gain and 
would have to be very strongly convinced that he actually saw something 
before he would report such an incident and open himself up for the ridicule 
that would accompany such a report.2 

The FBI denied any involvement in UFO investigations until 1976, 
when US Navy physicist Dr. Bruce Maccabee filed a Freedom of Infor- 
mation Act request and obtained about 1,100 pages of documentation on 
the subject. Only three years earlier, on 25 October 1973, FBI Director 
Clarence M. Kelley had explained to an inquirer that "the investigation 
of Unidentified Flying Objects is not and never has been a matter that is 
within the investigative jurisdiction of the FBI" (see Appendix, p. 475).

Another early sighting which led to a full-scale official investigation 
was that of Captain Edward J. Smith and his co-pilot Ralph Stevens, 
flying a United Airlines DC-3, Flight 105, in the vicinity of Emmet, 
Idaho, on 4 July 1947. The following abbreviated account is extracted 
from an interview with Captain Smith by a US Navy intelligence officer 
a few days later. The report was immediately forwarded to the Chief of 
Naval Intelligence: 

At approximately 2015, the co-pilot called my attention to the first object 
seen . . . our altitude was approximately 6500, and we were climbing to 
our proposed cruising altitude of 8000 ... the object . . . was sighted at 
approximately 290 degrees, or ten degrees to our left. Then an additional 
four objects appeared to the left of the main, or first, object. These four 
objects appeared slightly smaller than the first object sighted, but all of 
the objects appeared on the same plane. . . . They were within our sight 
for approximately two minutes, then they disappeared . . . one or two 
minutes later, the second group appeared ... to the right of the plane 
. . . [and] stayed within our sight twelve to fifteen minutes, then disap- 
peared. . . .
The objects were flat on the base, the top slightly rough in contour.
The dimensions appeared the same as a DC-3 approximately five miles 
from us. . . . Actually we have no idea just how large it was since we 
could not determine its distance from us . . . when first sighted, they were 
going slow and stayed within sight for quite some time. However, when 
we lost sight of them, they seemed to disappear practically immediately.

I think they either put on a tremendous burst of speed and disappeared 
from sight, or else they dissipated. Also, it appeared that only one object, 
the large one, was controlled, and it in turn controlled the other objects.3 


THE ROSWELL INCIDENT, 1947 

One of the most contentious aspects of the UFO enigma is the allegation 
that a number of flying saucers have actually crash-landed and been 
recovered by the military in great secrecy. The claim has been generally 
dismissed for lack of proof, yet the evidence is compelling. Former US 
Air Force intelligence officer Leonard Stringfield, for example, has now 
collected at least forty such accounts, some of them from firsthand wit- 
nesses.4 One incident that now seems indisputable-in the sense that 
anomalous wreckage was recovered-occurred within a few days of the 
United Airlines sighting, and has been the subject of one of the most 
thoroughly documented investigations on record.

On the evening of 2 July 1947 a bright, disk-shaped object was seen 
flying over Roswell, New Mexico, heading northwest. The following day 
widely scattered wreckage was discovered about seventy-five miles north- 
west of Roswell by a local ranch manager, William Brazel, together with 
his son and daughter. The authorities were eventually alerted and a quan- 
tity of wreckage was recovered by Major Jesse Marcel, a staff intelligence 
officer of the 509th Bomb Group Intelligence Office at the Army Air 
Forces base at Roswell Field, together with a Counter-intelligence Corps 
officer. Once the officers had returned to the Roswell base, an official 
press statement was released, authorized by Colonel William Blanchard, 
confirming that wreckage of a flying disk had been recovered. Marcel 
was ordered to load the debris on a B-29 and fly it to Wright Field (now 
Wright-Patterson AFB) at Dayton, Ohio, for examination.

On arrival at an intermediate stop at Cars well Army Air Forces Base, 
Fort Worth, Texas (headquarters of the Eighth Air Force), General Roger 
Ramey took charge and ordered Marcel and others on the plane not to 
talk to reporters. A second press statement was issued which stated that 
the wreckage was nothing more than the remains of a weather balloon 
and its attached tinfoil radar target, and this was prominently displayed 
at the press conference. Meanwhile, the real wreckage arrived at Wright 
Field under armed guard; Marcel returned to Roswell, and Brazel was 
held incommunicado for nearly a week while the crash site was stripped 
of every scrap of debris.

A news leak via press wire from Albuquerque describing this fantastic 
story was interrupted and the radio station in question, and another, were 
warned not to continue the broadcast: "attention Albuquerque: cease 
TRANSMISSION. REPEAT. CEASE TRANSMISSION. NATIONAL SECURITY ITEM.
DO NOT TRANSMIT. STAND BY. . . ."5 

The Wreckage 

The unidentified wreckage, scattered over an area three-quarters of a mile 
long by several hundred feet wide, consisted of various types of material, 
which according to Major Marcel was like nothing he had seen before 
or since:

There was all kinds of stuff-small beams about three eighths or a half 
inch square with some sort of hieroglyphics on them that nobody could 
decipher. These looked something like balsa wood, and were of about the 
same weight, except that they were not wood at all. They were very hard, 
although flexible, and would not burn. There was a great deal of unusual 
parchment-like substance which was brown in color and extremely strong, 
and a great number of small pieces of a metal like tinfoil, except that it 
wasn't tinfoil.

Marcel added that one piece of metal foil, two feet long and a foot 
wide, was so durable that it could not be dented with a sledgehammer, 
despite its being incredibly light. Marcel was absolutely convinced that 
the material had nothing to do with a weather balloon or radar target.

His testimony cannot be dismissed, owing to his background in aviation: 
he had served as bombardier, waist-gunner and pilot, had logged 468 
hours of combat flying in B-24 aircraft, and was awarded five air medals 
for shooting down enemy aircraft in World War II. Toward the end of 
the war he was attached to the 509th Bomb Wing, an elite military group 
for which all those involved required high-security clearances. Following 
the Roswell incident he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and assigned 
to a Special Weapons Program that specialized in analyzing air samples 
to discover if the Russians had detonated their first nuclear bomb.6

Were Bodies Recovered.

Marcel was quite certain that no bodies were among the debris, and that 
whatever the object was it must have exploded above ground level. But 
the evidence suggests that there was another crash site, in an area west 
of Socorro, New Mexico, known as the Plains of San Agustin, where 
witnesses discovered not only a damaged metallic ''aircraft" resting on 
the flat desert ground, but also dead bodies.

The first witness on the scene was Grady L. "Barney" Barnett, a civil 
engineer with the US Soil Conservation Service who was on a military 
assignment at the time. He told some friends that in early July 1947 he 
had encountered a metallic, disk-shaped "aircraft" about twenty-five or 
thirty feet in diameter. While he was examining it, a small group of 
people arrived who said they were part of an archaeological research team 
from the University of Pennsylvania. Barnett recalled:

I noticed that they were standing around looking at some dead bodies that 
had fallen to the ground. I think there were others in the machine, which 
was a kind of metallic . . . disk. It was not all that big. It seemed to be 
made of a metal that looked like dirty stainless steel. The machine had 
been split open by explosion or impact.

I tried to get close to see what the bodies were like. They were all dead 
as far as I could see and there were bodies inside and outside the vehicle.

The ones outside had been tossed out by the impact. They were like humans 
but they were not humans. The heads were round, the eyes were small, 
and they had no hair. The eyes were oddly spaced. They were quite small 
by our standards and their heads were larger in proportion to their bodies 
than ours. Their clothing seemed to be one-piece and gray in color. You 
couldn't see any zippers, belts or buttons. They seemed to me to be all 
males and there were a number of them. I was close enough to touch them 
but I didn't-I was escorted away before I could (do so].

While we were looking at them a military officer drove up in a truck 
with a driver and took control. He told everybody that the Army was taking 
over and to get out of the way. Other military personnel came up and 
cordoned off the area. We were told to leave the area and not to talk to 
anyone whatever about what we had seen . . . that it was our patriotic 
duty to remain silent.7 

Regrettably this account cannot be regarded as reliable since it was 
related to friends of the witness in 1950: Barnett died in 1969 and the 
authors of The Roswell Incident, a book which examines the evidence 
then available, were therefore unable to interview him. But those who 
knew "Barney" Barnett described him as the very model of a respectable 
and honest citizen-hardly likely to invent such a fantastic tale. Members 
of the University of Pennsylvania team have yet to come forward or be 
located, although William Moore has established that the university was 
involved in archaeological digs in the area at that time.

It is not known for certain if the craft and occupants allegedly witnessed 
by Barnett were connected with the Roswell wreckage. The Plains of 
San Agustin, near Magdalena, New Mexico, are about 150 miles west 
of Brazel's ranch site. Was the wreckage recovered there part of the same 
craft that had somehow managed to remain airborne for that distance 
before crashing on the Plains, or was it another craft that had also come 
to grief? We may never know the full story, but Bill Moore, in one of 
his updated research papers on the Roswell incident, concludes that while 
there is insufficient evidence to substantiate Barnett's story or to justify 
linking it with the proven recovery of anomalous wreckage at Brazel's 
ranch site, this is no reason to dismiss the account out of hand. There is 
also the intriguing hypothesis that the first press release, announcing the 
recovery of a crashed disk, was a counterintelligence ploy to deflect 
attention from the craft and bodies near Magdalena. If so, it worked.

Leading researchers Bill Moore and Stanton Friedman (the latter a 
nuclear physicist as well as a UFO researcher) have interviewed no less 
than ninety-two witnesses who provided information about this sensa- 
tional incident, of whom thirty were involved with the discovery, recovery 
or subsequent official cover-up, and ten of the original witnesses have 
identified the object as nonterrestrial in origin.8 


MAJESTIC 12 

According to a document acquired by TV producer Jaime Shandera in 
1984, a highly secret panel, code-named ''Majestic 12" or "MJ-12," 
was formed by President Truman in 1947 to investigate UFOs and report 
on its findings to the President. The document, dated 18 November 1952 
and classified TOP SECRET/MAJIC/EYES ONLY, was allegedly pre- 
pared for President-elect Dwight Eisenhower, and includes the astonishing 
statement that the remains of four alien bodies were recovered two miles 
from the Roswell wreckage site (see Appendix, pp. 544-51). The doc- 
ument names the twelve high-ranking members of the panel. They were:

Lloyd Berkner, Detlev Bronk, Vannevar Bush, James Forrestal, Gordon 
Gray, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, Jerome Hunsaker, Donald Menzel, Robert 
Montague, Sidney Souers, Nathan Twining and Hoyt Vandenberg.9

Dr. Lloyd Berkner, a scientist who was executive Secretary of the 
Joint Research and Development Board in 1946 (under Dr. Vannevar 
Bush), also headed a special committee to direct a study that led to the 
establishment of the Weapons Systems Evaluation Group. He was also 
a member of the CIA's "Robertson Panel," a scientific advisory panel 
on UFOs requested by the White House and sponsored by the CIA in 
1953 (see Chapter 14).

Dr. Detlev Bronk was an internationally known physiologist and bio- 
physicist who was Chairman of the National Research Council and a 
member of the Medical Advisory Board of the Atomic Energy Commis- 
sion. With Dr. Edward Condon, Director of the National Bureau of 
Standards (who later headed the Air Force-sponsored UFO project at the 
University of Colorado), Bronk became a member of the Scientific Ad- 
visory Committee of the Brookhaven National Laboratory.

Dr. Vannevar Bush, recognized as one of America's leading scientists, 
organized the National Defense Research Council in 1941 and the Office 
of Scientific Research and Development in 1943, which led to the estab- 
lishment of the Manhattan Project to develop the first atomic bomb. After 
the war Dr. Bush became head of the Joint Research and Development 
Board. As the Canadian government scientist Wilbert Smith noted in his 
top secret memorandum (see Chapter 8), Dr. Bush headed a "small 
group" set up to investigate UFOs, which matter "is the most highly 
classified subject in the United States government, rating higher even 
than the H-bomb." Could this "small group" have been "Majestic 12".

If so, Bush's background in co-ordinating top secret intelligence research 
projects would have made him the ideal choice to head the group. In 
1949, for instance, the US Intelligence Board, the co-ordinating body of 
all US government intelligence agencies, commissioned Bush to rec- 
ommend methods of linking all the intelligence bureaucracies, a move 
initiated by James Forrestal-coincidentally another member of MJ-12.

James Forrestal served as Secretary of the Navy before becoming 
Secretary of Defense in July 1947 (the time of the Roswell incident), a 
position he held until a mental breakdown led to his resignation in March 
1949. He committed suicide at Bethesda Naval Hospital in May 1949.

Gordon Gray was Assistant Secretary of the Army at the time when 
MJ-12 was established, and became Secretary of the Army in 1949. In 
1950 he was appointed as Special Assistant to President Truman on 
National Security Affairs, and in 1951, according to William Steinman, 
directed the Psychological Strategy Board10, referred to in a 1952 CIA 
memorandum from Director Walter Bedell Smith discussing the psycho- 
logical warfare implications of UFOs.

Vice Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter was the third Director of Central 
Intelligence (DCI) from 1947 to 1950, and the first Director of the CIA, 
which was established in the same month as MJ-12- September 1947.

Hillenkoetter was one of the first intelligence chiefs to make public his 
conviction that UFOs were real, and that "through official secrecy and 
ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are 
nonsense." Hillenkoetter was also on the board of Directors of the Na- 
tional Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, and was therefore 
in an excellent position to monitor the activities of this influential civilian 
group.

Dr. Jerome Hunsaker was a brilliant aircraft designer who headed the 
Departments of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering at the Mas- 
sachusetts Institute of Technology, and was Chairman of the National 
Advisory Committee for Aeronautics. His opinion on the materials re- 
covered at Roswell would have been invaluable.

Dr. Donald Menzel was Director of the Harvard College Observatory, 
and is chiefly remembered for his dismissive statements and books on 
UFOs, all of which, he said, could be explained in mundane terms.

Menzel would have been helpful as an astronomical consultant to MJ- 
12, and later as the world's most widely read UFO debunker. He was 
also involved with the National Security Agency, and held a Top Secret 
Ultra security clearance.

General Robert Montague was Base Commander at the Atomic Energy 
Commission installation at Sandia Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 
from July 1947 to February 1951.

Rear Admiral Sidney Souers was the first Director of Central Intelli- 
gence (January-June 1946) and in September 1947 (when MJ-12 was set 
up) became Executive Secretary of the National Security Council. Fol- 
lowing his resignation in 1950 Souers was retained as a special consultant 
to the Executive on security matters.

General Nathan Twining was an outstanding commander of bombing 
operations in both the European and Pacific theaters during World War 
II. In 1945 he was appointed Commanding General of Air Materiel Com- 
mand, based at Wright Field (Wright-Patterson Air Force Base). A de- 
classified secret document reveals that in September 1947 Twining presented 
the conclusions of AMC that "the phenomenon reported is something 
real," further details of which will be discussed later. Significantly, 
Twining suddenly canceled a planned trip to the West Coast on 8 July 
1947, the day of the first press release announcing the recovery of a 
crashed disk near Roswell, "due to a very important and sudden mat- 
ter." William Moore has learned that while reporters were told that 
Twining was out of the office, "probably in Washington, DC" he had 
in fact made a sudden trip to New Mexico, where he remained until 
10 July.11 

The remaining member of the alleged MJ-12 panel was General Hoyt 
Vandenberg. Following a distinguished career in the Army Air Forces 
he became the second Director of Central Intelligence in 1946, a position 
he held until May 1947. In August 1948, when a top secret "Estimate 
of the Situation" by the Air Technical Intelligence Center offered its 
opinion that UFOs were interplanetary, Vandenberg, Air Force Chief of 
Staff at the time, ordered the document to be burned.

My inquiries into the authenticity of the Majestic 12 story during a 
research trip to the United States in 1986 have led me to believe that the 
group did indeed exist, and the document seems authentic enough. Un- 
fortunately, all the members are now deceased, and my questions ad- 
dressed to a former Director of the CIA, as well as two ex-Presidents, 
remain unanswered, which is hardly surprising. But it is interesting that 
"MJ-12" crops up in an alleged Air Force Office of Special Investigations 
(AFOSI) document, dated 17 November 1980. Paragraph 2 states: 
"... OFFICIAL US GOVERNMENT POLICY AND RESULTS OF PROJECT AQUAR- 
IUS IS STILL CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET WITH NO DISSEMINATION OUTSIDE 
OFFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CHANNELS AND WITH RESTRICTED ACCESS TO 'MJ 
TWELVE.' " 

AFOSI have informed me that the retyped document is a fabrication,12 
yet the existence of Project Aquarius has now been confirmed by the 
National Security Agency. It is still classified Top Secret, and details 
therefore remain exempt from disclosure (see Chapter 17).

There is as yet no official confirmation of the existence of MJ-12, 
however.


AIR MATERIEL COMMAND, 1947 

On 23 September 1947 General Twining (then a lieutenant general), 
Commanding General of Air Materiel Command, sent a secret memo- 
randum to Brigadier General George Schulgen, Chief of the Air Intelli- 
gence Requirements Division at the Pentagon, in response to a request 
from Air Intelligence concerning the "flying disks.*' In the opinion of 
AMC, arrived at in a conference with personnel from the Air Institute 
of Technology, Intelligence T-2; the Office, Chief Engineering Division; 
and the Aircraft, Power Plant, and Propeller Laboratories of Engineering 
Division T-3, Twining stated: 

The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary or ficti- 
tious. . . . There are objects probably approximating the shape of a disk, 
of such appreciable size as to appear to be as large as man-made air- 
craft. . . . The reported operating characteristics such as extreme rates of 
climb, maneuverability (particularly in roll), and action which must be 
considered evasive when sighted or contacted by friendly aircraft and radar, 
lend belief to the possibility that some of the objects are controlled either 
manually, automatically or remotely.

Twining's report went on to list the apparent common descriptions of 
the objects (see Appendix, p. 476-78): 
(1) Metallic or light reflecting surface 
(2) Absence of trail, except in a few instances when the object apparently 
was operating under high performance conditions 
(3) Circular or elliptical in shape, flat on bottom and domed on top 
(4) Several reports of well-kept formation flights varying from three to nine 
objects 
(5) Normally no associated sound, except in three instances a substantial 
rumbling roar was noted 
(6) Level flight speeds normally above 300 knots are estimated 
The AMC recommended that Army Air Force Headquarters issue a 
directive assigning a priority security classification and code-name for a 
detailed study of the disks, including the preparation of complete sets of 
all available and pertinent data, to be made available to the Army, Navy, 
Atomic Energy Commission, Joint Research and Development Board (set 
up by Dr. Vannevar Bush), National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics, 
Air Force Scientific Advisory Group, RAND (a West Coast think tank), 
and NEPA (Nuclear Energy for Propulsion Applications).

Twining*s report stated that there was a "lack of physical evidence in 
the shape of crash recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the 
existence of these objects," a statement that has been used by debunkers 
such as Philip J. Klass to dismiss the claim that Twining had examined 
the Roswell debris. But Twining must surely have been aware of the 
wreckage since it had been flown to Wright Field (AMC Headquarters) 
for examination, so why did he cite the lack of physical evidence? As 
William Moore explains, if a disk had crashed at Roswell, Twining would 
have needed to set up a project to gather as much information as possible 
from all over the world. Assuming that access to crashed disk data would 
have been on a very high ''need-to-know'' basis, it would hardly have 
been appropriate to let those on the other end of the data collection line 
know why such data was needed. "Indeed," argues Moore, "it might 
have been best to maintain that there was no crashed disk in order to 
allay suspicion."13 

There is strong evidence that the Air Intelligence Requirements Di- 
vision, headed by Brigadier General Schulgen, to whom Twining had 
sent the AMC report, was aware of the crashed disk material, and that 
this information could only have come from Twining's office. A secret 
AIRD five page "Draft of Collection Memorandum" dated 28 October 
1947, listing the "current intelligence requirements in the field of Flying 
Saucer type aircraft" gives much of Twining's AMC data on the phe- 
nomenon, and adds some significant and revealing comments: "While 
there remains a possibility of Russian manufacture, based upon the per- 
spective thinking and actual accomplishments of the Germans, it is the 
considered opinion of some elements that the object may in fact represent 
an interplanetary craft of some kind." 

Listed under "Requirements . . .3" are: "Items of construction (a) Type 
of material, whether metal, ferrous, nonferrous, or nonmetallic. 
(b) Composite or sandwich construction utilizing various combinations 
of metals, metallic foils, plastics, and perhaps balsa wood or similar 
material, (c) Unusual fabrication methods to achieve extreme light weight 
and structural stability." [Emphasis added] Under "Power plant" the 
draft memorandum states: "Information is needed regarding the propul- 
sion system of the aircraft. . . . The presence of an unconventional or 
unusual type of propulsion system cannot be ruled out and should be 
considered of great interest."

Some of this information simply must have come from Twining's 
office. The reference to "various combinations of metals, metallic foils, 
plastics, and perhaps balsa wood or similar material" is of course par- 
ticularly significant in that it closely matches Major Jesse Marcel's de- 
scription of the Roswell wreckage.14 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MANTELL, 1948 

On 7 January 1948 a flight of four National Guard P-51 Mustang aircraft, 
led by Captain Thomas Mantell, flying from Marietta, Georgia, to Standi- 
ford Field, Kentucky, was requested by the control tower at Godman 
AFB, Kentucky, to investigate an unidentified flying object in the vicinity 
of Godman. The official summary describes the incident as follows:

Three of the ships started to climb toward the object. Pilot Hendricks in 
NG336 continued on and landed at 1501C [Central Time] at Standiford 
Field. . . . Pilots Hammond, NG737 & Clements NG800, climbed to 
22,000 feet with Mantell in NG3869 then continued on to their original 
destination because of lack of oxygen arriving there at 1540C. Mantell 
continued climbing toward object. Standiford operations advised Wright 
Field Service Center at 1750E [Eastern Time J that NG3869 pilot Mantell 
crashed 2 miles southwest of Franklin, Kentucky at approximately 1645C.

Accident fatal to pilot, major damage to aircraft.15

While the official explanation was that Mantell had simply been chasing 
Venus (later changed to a balloon) and had lost consciousness as a result 
of oxygen starvation, a 1948 top secret joint Air Force and Naval Intel- 
ligence analysis of UFO incidents (declassified in 1985), states: "While 
it is presumed that this pilot suffered anoxia, resulting in his crash, his 
last message to the tower was, it appears to be metallic object . . .
tremendous in size . . . directly ahead and slightly above. . . . I am 
trying to close for a better look.' "16 [Emphasis added] 


REQUEST FOR INTERCEPTOR AIRCRAFT 

In February 1948 Brigadier General Cabell, Chief of the Air Intelligence 
Requirements Division (AIRD), sent a secret memo to the Director of 
Plans and Operations stating that the Commanding General of AMC felt 
that the responsibility assigned to him for collecting and developing in- 
formation and intelligence on the "flying disks" should be complemented 
by a requirement that all Air Force installations in the United States and 
Alaska "provide a minimum of one each fighter or interceptor type air- 
craft, with necessary crews, on a continuous alert basis. These aircraft 
should be equipped with gun camera, and such armament as deemed 
advisable, in order to secure photographs necessary to the obtainment of 
all possible data on any reported and sighted unusual phenomena, of the 
'flying disk' type, in the atmosphere" 17 

In his reply to the proposal, the Director of Plans and Operations said 
that stationing fighter planes at all bases on a continuous alert status was 
not considered feasible on the grounds that the outlay of aircraft and 
personnel would be too great; "proper interception is not possible, except 
by accident, without complete radar coverage which the Air Force is not 
capable of providing. ... It is doubtful if fighter aircraft would be able 
to follow up reports emanating, for the most part, from civilian sources."18 


THE EASTERN AIRLINES SIGHTING, 1948 

In the early hours of 25 July 1948 Captain Clarence S. Chiles and co- 
pilot John B. Whitted, flying an Eastern Airlines DC-3, were approached 
by an object that seemed to be on a collision course. "Whatever it was, 
it flashed down toward us and we veered to the left," Chiles told inves- 
tigators. "It veered to its left and passed us about 700 feet to our right 
and above us. Then, as if the pilot had seen us and wanted to avoid us, 
it pulled up with a tremendous burst of flame from the rear and zoomed 
into the clouds, its prop wash or jet wash rocking our DC-3."

The pilots reported that the object was "a wingless aircraft, 100 feet 
long, cigar-shaped and about twice the diameter of a B-29 with no pro- 
truding surfaces." Captain Chiles said the cabin appeared "like a pilot 
compartment, except brighter. . . . From the side of the object came an 
intense, fairly dark blue glow that ran the entire length of the fuse- 
lage. . . . The exhaust was a red-orange flame, with a lighter color pre- 
dominant around the edges." 

The sketches drawn by the pilots (see Appendix, p. 479) show that 
the object had "windows or openings" in its side. To eliminate the 
possibility that the pilots had merely seen another plane, Air Force In- 
telligence personnel screened 225 civilian and military flight schedules 
and found that the only other aircraft in the vicinity was an Air Force 
C 47-which hardly matches the description given.19 


TOP SECRET USAF ANALYSES, 1948 

Less than two weeks after the Eastern Airlines sighting, Air Technical 
Intelligence Center (ATIC) decided the time had come to make what 
intelligence jargon refers to as an "Estimate of the Situation." Captain 
Edward Ruppelt, former head of the Air Force Project Blue Book, who 
was one of the few to see the lengthy top secret document, dated 5 August 
1948, has confirmed that ATIC concluded that the UFOs were interplan- 
etary in origin. General Hoyt Vandenberg, then Chief of Staff, rejected 
it for lack of proof, even after a group from ATIC visited his office at 
the Pentagon in an attempt to persuade him to change his mind. Some 
months later, on Vandenberg's instructions, the document was ordered 
to be burned.20 

As a member of the MJ-12 panel, Vandenberg would have had all the 
proof he needed to establish the extraterrestrial origin of the flying disks.

So why then did he reject the ATIC estimate? "The general said it would 
cause a stampede," Ruppelt told Major Keyhoe. "How could we con- 
vince the public the aliens weren't hostile when we didn't know it our- 
selves?"21 

In 1985 the hitherto top secret Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in 
the U.S. was declassified and released. Dated 10 December 1948, the 
nineteen-page document carefully avoids any suggestion that the UFOs 
could be extraterrestrial, but nevertheless concludes that "some type of 
flying objects have been observed, although their identification and origin 
are not discernable."22 


INTRUSIONS OVER "SENSITIVE INSTALLATIONS," 1948-50 

Official concern over sightings in the vicinity of some of the United 
States' most sensitive installations, such as the Los Alamos Atomic En- 
ergy Commission (AEC) project, led to a deluge of unanswerable ques- 
tions. In January 1949 Colonel Poland of US Army Intelligence (G-2) 
sent a memo on behalf of the Commanding General of the 4th Army at 
Houston, Texas, to the Director of Army Intelligence at the Pentagon:

Agencies in New Mexico are greatly concerned over these phenomena.

They are of the opinion that some foreign power is making "sensing shots" 
with some superstratosphere device designed to be self disintegrating. . . .

Another theory advanced as possibly acceptable lies in the belief that the 
phenomena are the result of radiological warfare experiments by a foreign 
power, further, that the rays may be lethal or might be attributed to the 
cause of the plane crashes that have occurred recently.

Still another belief ... is that it is highly probable that the United 
States may be carrying on some top secret experiments. . . . It is felt that 
these incidents are of such great importance, especially as they are oc- 
curring in the vicinity of sensitive installations, that a scientific board be 
sent to this locality to study the situation with a view of arriving at a 
solution of this extraordinary phenomena with the least practicable delay.23 
[Emphasis added.

On 16 February 1949 a secret conference was held at Los Alamos to 
discuss the UFO phenomena, in particular the so-called "green fireballs" 
which were then being reported in the area. Among the scientists and 
military officials present were the nuclear physicist Dr. Edward Teller 
and Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, an astronomer from the University of New Mexico 
whose expert opinion was called on throughout the conference. LaPaz 
was absolutely convinced that the green fireballs were not conventional 
fireballs or meteorites, and described his own sighting on 12 December 
1948: "This fireball appeared in full intensity instantly-there was no 
increase in light. ... Its color, estimated to be somewhere around wave 
length 5200 angstroms, was a hue green, such as I had never observed 
in meteor falls before. The path was as nearly horizontal as one could 
determine by visual observation. . . . Just before the end ... the green 
fireball broke into fragments, still bright green." LaPaz also ruled out 
other unconventional types of meteors and fireballs, and left the confer- 
ence in no doubt that the phenomena were unexplainable.24 

On 27 and 28 April 1948, Dr. Joseph Kaplan, a member of the Air 
Force Scientific Advisory Board, visited Kirtland Air Force Base Office 
of Special Investigations, as well as the AEC's Sandia Base and Los 
Alamos, under orders from Dr. Theodore von Karman, Secretary of the 
Scientific Advisory Board. The purpose of the visits, a hitherto secret 
Air Force memorandum states, was to review the reports of investigations 
and the circumstances surrounding the "unidentified aerial phenomena" 
that had been observed in the area, and to make recommendations as to 
the advisability of a scientific investigation into the occurrences. Drs.

Kaplan and LaPaz met with several security personnel at Los Alamos on 
28 April, so that Kaplan could try to ascertain the nature of the UFO 
sightings that had been made there by members of the AEC project and 
AEC Security Service inspectors. He seems to have been impressed, and 
stated that he would immediately submit his report to Dr. von Karman: 
"Dr. Kaplan expressed a great concern, as these occurrences relate to 
the National Defense of the United States. He advised that he felt that 
this was of extreme importance and should be investigated scientifi- 
cally."25 [Emphasis added] 

Yet another meeting was convened on 14 October 1949 to discuss the 
green fireball sightings, and along with the earlier delegates was attended 
by representatives of the 4th Army, Armed Forces Special Weapons 
Project, FBI, AEC, Geophysical Research Division of Air Materiel Com- 
mand and the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. "A logical 
explanation was not proferred with respect to the origin of the green 
fireballs," an AFOSI confidential memo stated. "It was, however, gen- 
erally concluded that the phenomena existed and that they should be 
studied scientifically until these occurrences have been satisfactorily ex- 
plained. Further, that the continued occurrence of unexplained phenom- 
ena of this nature in the vicinity of sensitive installations is cause for 
concern." [Emphasis added] 

Of the US Army Intelligence (G-2) representatives present, it is pos- 
sible that some included members of the Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit 
(IPU) of the Scientific and Technical Branch, Counterintelligence Direc- 
torate, an elite UFO investigation group allegedly set up by General 
Marshall in 1947 and disbanded in the 1950s. According to Colonel 
William Guild, Director of Counterintelligence, "All records pertaining 
to this unit were surrendered to the US Air Force Office of Special 
Investigations in conjunction with operation 'BLUEBOOK.' "27 AFOSI 
have not released these records to date. Did the Interplanetary Phenom- 
enon Unit learn some disturbing facts that still cannot be revealed? In 
1955 General Douglas Mac Arthur-also rumored to have been involved 
in establishing the IPU-made an astonishing statement that lends weight 
to this possibility. "The nations of the world will have to unite," he 
said, "for the next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the 
earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from 
other planets."28 

At weekly conferences of the Army, Air Force, FBI and Naval Intel- 
ligence in early 1949, the maximum security attached to the UFO problem 
was reaffirmed, as a contemporary FBI document reveals: ". . . the 
matter of 'Unidentified Aircraft' or 'Unidentified Aerial Phenomena,' 
otherwise known as 'Flying Disks,' 'Flying Saucers,' and 'Balls of Fire' 
. . . is considered top secret by Intelligence Officers of both the Army 
and the Air Forces."29 

Intrusions continued to be reported over nuclear installations and on 
some occasions led to interception by Air Force jets, as this Army mem- 
orandum from Major U. G. Carlan, based on information provided him 
by Lieutenant Colonel Mildren, confirms: 

Since 30 July 1950 objects, round in form, have been sighted over the 
Hanford AEC Plant. These objects reportedly were above 15,000 feet in 
altitude. Air Force jets attempted interception with negative results. All 
units including the antiaircraft battalion, radar units, Air Force fighter 
squadrons, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have been alerted for 
further observation. The Atomic Energy Commission states that the in- 
vestigation is continuing and complete details will be forwarded later.

The CIA was equally concerned. A secret 1952 report, referring to 
"Sightings of UFOs reported at Los Alamos and Oak Ridge, at a time 
when the background radiation count had risen inexplicably," concluded 
with the following admission: "Here we run out of even 'blue yonder' 
explanations that might be tenable, and, we are still left with numbers 
of incredible reports from credible observers."30 

In February 1949 Professor George E. Valley, a consulting member 
of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, in offering some possible 
explanations for the sightings which he proposed in a secret report for 
Project Sign (or Project Saucer), probably came close to the truth:

If there is an extraterrestrial civilization which can make such objects as 
are reported then it is most probable that its development is far in advance 
of ours. This argument can be supported on probability arguments alone 
without recourse to astronomical hypotheses.

Such a civilization might observe that on earth we now have atomic 
bombs and are fast developing rockets. In view of the past history of 
mankind, they should be alarmed. We should, therefore, expect at this 
time above all to behold such visitations.31 [Emphasis added] 


UFOS ENCOUNTERED BY MILITARY AIRCRAFT, 1951 

One of a number of reports relating to near collisions with unidentified 
flying objects was made by US Naval Reserve Lieutenant Graham Be- 
thune, co-pilot on Flight 125 from Keflavik, Iceland, on 10 February 
1951. "While flying in the left seat on a true course of 230 degrees at a 
position of 49-50 North 50-03 West, I observed a glow of light below 
the horizon about 1,000 to 1,500 feet above the water," Bethune stated 
in the official report. He continued: 

We both observed its course and motion for about 4 or 5 minutes before 
calling it to the attention of the other crew members. . . . Suddenly its 
angle of attack changed, its altitude and size increased as though its speed 
was in excess of 1,000 miles per hour. It closed in so fast that the first 
feeling was we would collide in midair. At this time its angle changed 
and the color changed. It then (appeared] definitely circular and reddish 
orange on its perimeter. It reversed its course and tripled its speed until it 
was last seen disappearing over the horizon. Because of our altitude and 
misleading distance over water it is almost impossible to estimate its size, 
distance and speed. A rough estimate would be at least 300 feet in diameter, 
over 1,000 miles per hour in speed and approached to within 5 miles of 
the aircraft.32 

In 1956 the US Navy reportedly issued orders to its pilots to engage 
UFOs in combat if the objects appeared hostile. Operational procedures 
for a "UFO scramble," given by a briefing officer to pilots at the Los 
Alamitos Naval Air Station in California, were highly classified, and 
most officers there refused to discuss the matter when pressed by jour- 
nalists.33 

One of the many US Air Force Intelligence reports now released (cur- 
rently totaling about 1,800 pages) describes an encounter by Major Ballard 
and Lieutenant Rogers, of the 148th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, on a 
training flight in a Lockheed T-33 from Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, 
on 10 September 1951. Having observed an unidentified object over 
Sandy Hook, New Jersey, the pilots immediately made a diving turn and 
followed the object until it disappeared two minutes later:

Both pilots observed the strange object, which appeared to be the size of 
an F-86 [Sabre] but much faster (900+ mph), disk-shaped, steady in flight 
with no visible means of propulsion, and shining silver in color.

At 1100 edt a radar station at Ft. Monmouth plotted an unidentified, 
high speed (above 700 mph) object in approximately the same location.

This headquarters has no information regarding natural phenomena, 
experimental aircraft or guided missiles that could have caused the obser- 
vations.34 


THE JULY 1952 FLAP 

A massive build-up of sightings over the United States in 1952, culmi- 
nating in July, caused considerable alarm in military intelligence circles.

One such sighting was reported by First Officer William Nash and Second 
Officer W. H. Fortenberry, flying in a DC-4 of Pan American Airways 
en route from New York to San Juan on 14 July.

At 9:12 p.m. six glowing disks approached at fantastic speed a mile 
below the airliner, in the vicinity of Langley AFB, Virginia. The objects 
appeared to be about 100 feet in diameter and were flying in echelon 
formation. The leading disk, apparently having sighted the DC-4, slowed 
down abruptly, then the next two disks "wobbled" momentarily, after 
which all six UFOs "flipped up on edge," enabling the pilots to estimate 
their thickness at about fifteen feet. The objects then accelerated away 
but once again lined up in their original position in echelon formation, 
and a strange glow around them increased as they performed this ma- 
neuver. Two other disks then appeared under the DC-4, glowing brightly 
as they joined the six ahead. AH the disks suddenly darkened, but glowed 
again when eight objects appeared in line. Finally, the disks climbed to 
high altitude and disappeared, at a speed computed by the pilots to be 
200 miles per minute.35 

On landing at Miami the crew was interviewed by the Air Force Office 
of Special Investigations. A declassified Air Force cable, briefly describ- 
ing these events, was distributed to Army and Navy intelligence, as well 
as the Armed Forces Security Agency (a forerunner of the National Se- 
curity Agency), the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the CIA.36

On the night of 19/20 July UFOs were seen all over Washington, DC, 
by the crews of several airliners, and were tracked on radar at Andrews 
AFB as well as Air Traffic Control Center at Washington National Airport.

Sometimes the unidentified targets would hover, cruise along at 100-130 
mph, then accelerate to fantastic speeds. But, as Captain Ruppelt drily 
commented, no one bothered to inform Air Force Intelligence about 
the sightings, even though jets had been sent aloft to investigate, and the 
first they got to hear about it was when a headline story appeared the 
following morning!37 

A week later, on the night of 26 July, UFOs again hovered and de- 
scribed a series of maneuvers over the nation's capital, and were tracked 
on radar at Washington National Airport and Andrews AFB. The follow- 
ing USAF Intelligence report (released in 1985) describes these extraor- 
dinary events: 

Varying numbers (up to 12 simultaneously) of u/i [unidentified] targets on 
ARTC [Air Route Traffic Control Center, Washington National Airport] 
radarscope. Termed by CAA personnel as "generally, solid returns," 
similar to a/c [aircraft] return except slower. No definable pattern of ma- 
neuver except at very beginning about 2150 edt, 4 targets in rough line 
abreast with V/z mile spacing moved slowly together (giving about a 1" 
trace persisting at an estimated speed of less than 100 mph) on heading 
of 110. At the same time 8 other targets were scattered throughout scope.

ARTC checked Andrews Approach Control by telephone at 2200 edt 
and ascertained that they were also picking up u/i targets. U/i returns were 
picked up intermittently until about 27/0100 edt, following which weak 
and sporadic (unsteady) returns were picked up intermittently for another 
VA hours. Washington National Tower radar crew reports only one target 
positively u/i. This return was termed a "very good target" which moved 
across the scope from West to East at about 30 to 40 mph. However, the 
radar operators stated that there could have been other u/i targets on their 
scopes, particularly outside their area of a/c control, which they would not 
have noticed or would have assumed to be a/c under ARTC Center Control.

However, they noticed no other unusual (i.e. very slow or erratic) returns.

ARTC Center controllers also report that a CAA flight inspector, Mr.
Bill Schreve, flying a/c # NC-12 reported at 2246 edt that he had visually 
spotted 5 objects giving off a light glow ranging from orange to white; his 
altitude at times was 2200'. Some commercial pilots reported visuals from 
"cigarette glow" (red-yellow) to "a light" (as recorded from their con- 
versations with ARTC controllers).

At 2238 edt the USAF Command Post was notified of ARTC targets.

Command Post notified ADC and KADF at 2245, and 2 F-94's were 
scrambled from Newcastle at 2300 edt. ARTC controlled F-94's after 
arrival in area and vectored them to targets with generally negative results 
(flew through "a batch of radar returns" without spotting anything). How- 
ever, one pilot mentioned seeing 4 lights at one time and a second time 
as seeing a single light ahead but unable to close whereupon "went out" 
(these comments from ARTC controller). One ARTC controller worked a 
USAF B-25 ... for about 1 hr 20 mins about 2230 edt. B-25 was vectored 
in on numerous targets and commented that each vector took him over a 
busy highway or intersection.

Maj. Fournet (AFOIN-2A2) and Lt. Holcomb (USN, AFOIN-2C5) ar- 
rived at ARTC Center about 27/0015 edt. Lt. Holcomb observed scopes 
and reported "7 good, solid targets." He made a quick check with airport 
Weather Station and determined that there was a slight temperature in- 
version (about 1°) from the surface to about 1000'. However, he felt that 
the scope targets at that time were not the results of this inversion and so 
advised the Command Post with the suggestion that a second intercept 
flight be requested. (2nd intercept flight controlled by ARTC, but no strong 
targets remained when they arrived. They were vectored on dim targets 
with negative results.) Maj. Fournet and Lt. Holcomb remained in ARTC 
Center until 0415, but no additional strong targets were picked up: many 
dim and unstable targets (assumed due to temperature inversion) were 
observed throughout the remainder of the period. . . .

All ARTC crew members emphatic that most uli returns were ' 'solid.'' 
Finally, it was mentioned that u/i returns have been picked up from time 
to time over the past few months but never before had they appeared in 
such quantities over such a prolonged period and with such definition as 
was experienced on the night of 26/27 July 52. [Emphasis added] 
The sightings made headline news throughout the world, but were 
promptly explained by the Air Force as having been caused by the tem- 
perature inversion.38 Behind the scenes, however, a number of intelli- 
gence analysts felt that the UFOs might not be of terrestrial origin. An 
FBI memorandum written a few days later, relating to a briefing from 
Commander Boyd of the Current Intelligence Branch, Estimates Division, 
Air Intelligence, regarding the status of research into the matter, confirms 
that Boyd advised that the objects sighted may possibly be from another planet . . . 
[but] that at the present time there is nothing to substantiate this theory 
but the possibility is not being overlooked. He stated that Air Intelligence 
is fairly certain that these objects are not ships or missiles from another 
nation in this world. Commander Boyd advised that intense research is 
being carried out by Air Intelligence, and at the present time when credible 
reportings of sightings are received, the Air Force is attempting in each 
instance to send up jet interceptor planes in order to obtain a better view 
of these objects.39 


AIR FORCE JET ATTEMPTS TO SHOOT DOWN A UFO 

It was not just a case of sending Air Force planes aloft to get a closer 
look, and film UFOs when possible. Captain Edward Ruppelt, Chief of 
the Aerial Phenomena Branch at Air Technical Intelligence Center, and 
former head of the Air Force's Project Blue Book, reported that in one 
instance in the summer of 1952 an Air Force jet attempted to shoot down 
one of the flying saucers.

On a certain morning (no date is given) a radarscope near a certain 
Air Force base picked up an unknown target that approached at 700 mph, 
then slowed down to a point northeast of the airfield. Two F-86 Sabre 
jets were scrambled but at first were unable to locate the target. The 
second pilot suddenly spotted what at first he took to be a balloon, but 
a closer view showed that it was definitely saucer-shaped, "like a dough- 
nut without a hole.*' He began chasing the object and got as close as 
500 yards away when it began to accelerate. When it was at a range of 
1,000 yards (the machine gun bullets converge at 1,300 yards) he began 
firing at the target, but it pulled up into a climb and disappeared in seconds.

Ruppelt was given this report by an intelligence officer at the base, 
who said that he had been ordered to burn all copies, but had saved one.40

It is fortunate that the pilot lived to tell the story. Others have not been 
so lucky. General Benjamin Chidlaw, former Commanding General of 
Air Defense Command, told researcher Robert Gardner in 1953: "We 
have stacks of reports of flying saucers. We take them seriously when 
you consider we have lost many men and planes trying to intercept 
them."41 If there is any truth to this statement, then the authorities have 
perfectly understandable reasons for withholding the facts about UFOs 
from the public.

There are few hints of such disturbing facts in the released Air Force 
Intelligence reports. Many such reports, especially those classified as top 
secret or higher, remain classified on the grounds that their release would 
compromise national security. But I do have a document that relates to 
a possible collision with an unidentified object-an emergency cable sent 
to the Director of Intelligence at Air Force HQ, dated 26 June 1953:

FLYING OBJECTS WERE SIGHTED BY PILOTS AT APPROX 2130E 24 JUNE PD 
TWO JET OUT OF QUONSET POINT HAS [HAD] A MID AIR COLLISION AT 2130E 
24 JUNE 53 AIRCRAFT FELL IN FLAMES 15 MILES WEST OF QUONSET POINT 
MAS PD AMERICAN AND EASTERN AIRLINES PILOTS WHO REPORTED FLYING 
OBJECT WILL SUBMIT ON SIGHTING TO DIR INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF AND 
TECH INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB.

Whether the collision was due to an interception of a UFO may never 
be known, but it is evident that the incident caused considerable con- 
sternation, and the distribution list for the emergency cable included the 
CIA, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the National Security Agency (established 
in 1952).


AIR FORCE JET DISAPPEARS WHILE INTERCEPTING A UFO, 1953 

One of the Air Force's most frightening cases that did involve an apparent 
collision with an unidentified object took place later in 1953. On the 
evening of 23 November an Air Defense Command Ground Control 
Intercept controller was alerted by the presence of an unidentified and 
unscheduled target on his radarscope in the vicinity of Soo Locks, Mich- 
igan. An F-89C Scorpion jet was immediately scrambled from Kinross 
AFB, piloted by Lieutenant Felix Moncla, Jr., and his observer, Lieu- 
tenant R. R. Wilson, in the rear seat.

The GCI controller vectored the F-89 to the target, and noted that the 
UFO changed course as the plane approached at over 500 mph. Nine 
minutes went by. Gradually the F-89 closed the gap and the controller 
advised the men that the target should now be in sight. Suddenly the two 
blips on the GCI radarscope merged into one, as if they had collided.

For a moment a single blip remained on the scope but then disappeared.

Marking the position, the controller flashed an emergency message to 
Search and Rescue. Possibly Moncla and Wilson had managed to bail 
out in time-possibly not.

After an all-night air/sea rescue search, not a trace of wreckage or the 
missing men was found. An Air Force press release stated tersely: 
" ... The plane was followed by radar until it merged with an object 
seventy miles off Keweenaw Point in upper Michigan." The incident has 
never been satisfactorily explained.42 


AIR FORCE JET PILOTS FILM UFOS, 1953-54 

During a research trip to the United States in 1976 I had the good fortune 
to interview a former Air Force lieutenant who together with other pilots 
succeeded in obtaining movie films of UFOs in 1953 and 1954. "Mel 
Noel" (pseudonym) was twenty years old when he was assigned to a 
reserve squadron at Lowry AFB, Colorado, and selected for special photo 
reconnaissance missions to film UFOs.

Prior to the missions Mel Noel and the other pilots were given briefings 
by Colonel Peterson, who had been assigned to the operation unit from 
Washington, DC, and acted as flight leader for the missions, of which 
there were seventy-three in all. The pilots were instructed in the specific 
aerial maneuvers, weave patterns, and formation flying that would be 
required in the event UFOs were encountered. They were also warned 
of certain effects that might influence their F-86A Sabre jets: these in- 
cluded the loss of silicon-damping instruments-airspeed indicator, al- 
timeter, rate-of-climb indicator, and to some extent the gyrocompass- 
as well as malfunction of the magnetic compass. They were told that 
there would be no adverse effect on the engine or hydraulic control 
systems. A high level of radio static could also be expected, they were 
warned.

The briefings also included the showing of several hours of movie 
films that had been taken by military pilots, and hundreds of still pho- 
tographs, many of which had been confiscated from civilians, Mel told me.

The pilots were skeptical about the whole business and were convinced 
they would see nothing. The first few missions were "orientation runs" 
during which the pilots tightened up their formation flying in different 
conditions. The initial sighting, in December 1953, was announced by 
one of the pilots as they were flying at 38,000 feet and 680 knots over 
the Rocky Mountains in Idaho: "bogies at 9 o'clock level!" 

From Mel's position in the echelon formation he was at first unable 
to see anything. On sighting a target the formation had been instructed 
to close in-sixty feet from wing tip to wing tip. "I was not allowed to 
move from my position until Lee called the move, and from my position 
that I would go from would be from right wing into the slot, and form 
a diamond, which means moving in between number two and three aircraft 
and behind and below number one's position, at which times when I 
dropped back I could see them out there." 

Sixteen saucer-shaped objects, in a vertical "V" formation-seven 
aloft and nine aft-were flying parallel to the F-86s, at roughly the same 
speed. Then the formation broke into four groups of four. I asked Mel 
to describe the objects for me. "There was a form of-an extension on 
top. I wouldn't call it a cupola, but there was some extension," he said. 
"We didn't have a crystal-clear image: the only time we had the best 
outline was when they stopped. There is no deceleration to stop," he 
explained. "It's just that you're looking, and then you look back, and 
it's obvious that they have ceased forward motion. And at that time the 
outline was sharpest, but there was still some haze around them-a silver- 
gray haze.' They were 150-180 feet in diameter and 30-40 feet thick.

When the objects accelerated, the haze, or "corona" effect changed color. 
"It was just like it was going through the colors of the spectrum," Mel 
said. "You could see it going through the yellows, the oranges, the reds 
and so forth." 

The objects were in sight for a total of eight minutes. Despite the 
briefing on the effects that should be expected, there was only slight 
compass malfunction. The pilots had also been warned not to cross the 
path of the objects, because this had sometimes resulted in damage to or 
loss of aircraft.

Each of the F-86s' six 50-caliber machine guns had been replaced with 
gun cameras, some with standard film and others with infra-red film. But 
on the first encounter the pilots assumed that they were unsuccessful in 
obtaining any film as the cameras were automatically calibrated to trigger 
at 1,300 yards ahead of the aircraft. "It was our opinion that we never 
did have them at 1,300 yards," Mel told me. "They were everywhere 
but!" 

The cameras, magazines, and all instrumentation were replaced on 
landing, and the aircraft were given a complete check. "They talked 
about scanning them for radioactivity-none being found-and this type 
of thing," Mel said. All four aircraft were always replaced with another 
four jets following the missions. 

"The second time we got a lot of film," Mel said. Two weeks later 
five objects, similar in type to the first group, were seen. The pilots had 
asked for the gun-cameras to be triggered manually.

We said, "Take it off the sights. There's no way we can get those things 
at 1,300 yards and lock them there for any length of time." So, on manual, 
we could of course run the film any time we wanted to. And the cameras 
fired 1,100 frames a minute, and that's six cameras per airplane, so you're 
talking about 6,600 frames per minute capability per airplane, so you've 
got pretty good movement definition. You can tell exactly the size: they 
can triangulate pretty well with that many cameras. You're talking about- 
hopefully-a minimum of 12 cameras bearing on a target simultaneously, 
and that's going to give you some triangulation, depending on the sepa- 
ration of the aircraft. 

What happened to the film? I asked. "We never saw the film. All we 
knew was that it was always taken to Wright-Pat [Wright-Patterson AFB] 
or some place else for evaluation." 

Mel and the other pilots began worrying about the possibility of harmful 
effects on their bodies. If the UFOs could influence the aircraft's instru- 
ments, why not the pilots too? "There's something affecting those in- 
struments, and there's something that's pretty strong," Mel said. "What 
are the physiological effects of this? Are we going to come out of this 
thing being some babbling idiots, or are we going to start getting the 
shakes after a few months and so forth, you know?"

Following the third encounter, in 1954, when another five objects were 
sighted and filmed, the pilots returned to Mountain Home AFB, Idaho, 
suffering from effects similar to combat fatigue: 

This was a matter of maybe thirty minutes after the experience, and we 
were on the ground coming apart, which is a reaction trigger saying, "Hey, 
the next time we may come apart in the airplane: we may not be able to 
get on the ground and do it!" 

We said, "Give us an Article 15, give us a Section 8 [psychiatric unit], 
we don't care what it is, but we're not psychologically ready-we're not 
prepared for this thing, and you're going to be interrogating some dead 
pilots pretty soon, so get us off this thing!" And they listened, and they 
let us off. Four days later we got the papers. And that was the end of it.

The pilots were warned at each debriefing following the encounters 
not to discuss the matter with anyone. This point was driven home more 
emphatically after the third encounter. "They repeatedly enforced the 
penalties-JANAP 146 [Joint Army Navy Air Force Publication] Section 
III-the 10 years in jail, $10,000 fine, and all this kind of stuff," Mel 
said. "They let us know that was real; that they wouldn't hesitate to 
enforce that." 

Eight years later Mel Noel was encouraged to talk about the experiences 
publicly, using his pseudonym, having taken legal advice on the matter.

The Statute of Limitations normally prohibits those in the military from 
revealing certain information for ten years, but Mel and his lawyer decided 
to take the risk and go ahead. Just before his going on one radio show 
in Washington, DC, Mel told me, a couple of men came up to him:

They showed these credentials-they were CIA-and they said, "This is 
a Cease and Desist directive . . . because what you're saying is discon- 
certing to the public's ears." And I said, "Well, I'm not saying anything 
but fact." "That isn't the point. To continue could be detrimental to your 
health." They had intimidated me, but I didn't want to give them the 
satisfaction of knowing that they'd done that. But I did do the broadcast, 
wondering if they'd be there afterward, which they weren't. And then I 
didn't say anything for quite a while.

There is a great deal more that I learned from Mel Noel during my 
lengthy interview with him on 22 August 1976, but most of the infor- 
mation is outside the scope of this book.43 Suffice to say that there is no 
doubt in my mind that Mel was describing genuine encounters with UFOs, 
and his knowledge of aircraft and flying is beyond dispute. Since leaving 
the Air Force, Mel has continued to fly different types of aircraft in his 
capacity as a commercial pilot. He has also done a great deal of research 
into UFOs, sometimes in association with his friend Gordon Cooper, the 
ex-astronaut and Air Force pilot.

In a statement read at the United Nations on 27 November 1978, Cooper 
revealed that he had encountered UFOs over Germany in 1951: "Several 
days in a row we sighted groups of metallic, saucer-shaped vehicles at 
great altitudes over the base and we tried to get close to them, but they 
were able to change direction faster than our fighters. I do believe UFOs 
exist and that the truly unexplained ones are from some other technically 
advanced civilization."44 

As with Mel Noel, Gordon Cooper's testimony will be dismissed by 
the skeptics and debunkers, who maintain that all such incidents can be 
explained in terms of misperceptions or hoaxes. But the fact remains that 
literally hundreds of reports of close encounters have now been made by 
American military and civilian pilots which simply cannot be dismissed 
so easily. I do not insist that every UFO reported is an extraterrestrial 
spacecraft: some can probably be explained in terms of meteorological 
and astronomical phenomena, balloons, rockets, guided missiles, aircraft, 
remotely piloted vehicles (RPVs), satellite and rocket re-entries into the 
atmosphere, and so on. Pilots are not infallible, but their responsible and 
qualified status places them in the highest category of witness reliability.

Furthermore, pilots have absolutely nothing to gain from filing a UFO 
report. On the contrary, they have much to lose. 


=====================================================================
12. COLLISION COURSE. 1950s Onward 

The United States continued to be plagued by sightings of unidentified 
aerial intruders, and many intelligence reports were forwarded immedi- 
ately to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA, and the National Security 
Agency, which gives some indication of the degree of official concern, 
despite statements to the contrary. One such report was made from the 
ground by a GOC (Ground Observer Corps) observer in San Rafael, 
California, on 28 August 1953: 

FOURTEEN CIGAR SHAPED OBJECTS WITHOUT WINGS WITH. . .LIGHTS 
ON THEM IN LOOSE V FORMATION. ABOUT THE SIZE OF A Bl-MOTOR .
ACFT. NO SOUND OR MEANS OF PROPULSION OBSERVED. ONE OBJECT 
APPEARED TO BE LEADING THE FORMATION AT AN ESTIMATED SPEED 
OF 200 MPH. . . . OBJECTS WERE FIRST OBSERVED HEADING WEST . . .

THROUGH BREAKS IN THE CLOUDS. THEN OBJECTS APPEARED TO 
TURN AND HEAD NORTH DISAPPEARING BEHIND CLOUDS. . . OB- 
SERVER APPEARED TO BE RELIABLE AND HAS BEEN AN OBSERVER ON 
DUTY WITH GOC FOR SEV YEARS DURING WWII AND DURING POST 
WAR YEARS.1 

Debunkers such as Dr. Donald Menzel went to great lengths to explain 
away all UFO reports in terms of hallucinations, misidentifications, and 
hoaxes. I have alluded to the involvement of Menzel with the Majestic- 
12 group, set up in 1947, and in a letter to Major General Samford, Air 
Force Director of Intelligence and later Director of the NSA (1956-60), 
Menzel stated: "I am planning to be in Washington on government busi- 
ness . . . October 22 and 23 [1953J . . . From various reports I judge 
that some of my explanations of flying saucers have been misinterpreted 
or misunderstood. ... I should be delighted to meet with as many mem- 
bers of ATIC [Air Technical Intelligence Center] as find it convenient to 
come."2 What was the astronomer's "government business"? Had Men- 
zel's debunking statements gone too far for those in Air Force Intelligence 
circles who were convinced that genuinely anomalous reports existed for 
which rational explanations were redundant? 

A meeting was arranged for Menzel at the Pentagon on 22 October 
with representatives of Air Force Headquarters and ATIC. Two months 
later, the Air Force HQ representative Colonel George Perry of the Di- 
rectorate of Intelligence, in a letter to Brigadier General W. M. Burgess, 
Deputy for Intelligence, Air Defense Command (ADC), made some in- 
teresting comments regarding the new responsibilities of ADC as they 
related to the reporting of sightings: 

In your new function in the Unidentified Flying Object Program, it is our 
understanding that your 4602nd people will do the "leg work" so to speak, 
and furnish ATIC with its findings. For those types that cannot be identified 
by your Squadron, ATIC will handle an exploratory point of view.

Many times the publicity connected with this program has been some- 
what embarrassing, in that we are dealing with a subject, parts of which 
are not explainable, and the public feeling is that we are holding back 
information they should know about. . . .

As you realize, there is a 10-20% area of unexplained objects in this 
program ... we would like to offer you guidance in the publicity angle 
as it pertains to your activity.

We think it would be well for your 4602nd people in the ZI [Interior 
Zone], to discuss a particular sighting with the public or press, anytime 
the object can be identified. Meaning, if they can verify the object as a 
balloon, aircraft, helicopter, etc., go ahead and inform interested parties.

However, for those times where the object is not explainable, it would be 
well to advise your people to say something on this order, "The information 
on this sighting will be analyzed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center 
at Dayton, Ohio," and leave it go at that. If your people get into analyzing 
the 10-20% area to the public, every news media across the country will 
pick up the story.3 [Emphasis in original] 

Here is further proof that the Air Force hierarchy, embarrassed by the 
UFO phenomenon, sought to play down the unexplainable sightings.

Colonel Perry's recommendations were approved and adopted as official 
Air Force policy, as we shall see.


AIR FORCE REGULATIONS FOR REPORTING UFOS, 1954 

In his letter to Brigadier General Burgess, Colonel Perry alluded to the 
functions of the 4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron, which, ac- 
cording to Air Force Regulation 200-2, comprised specialists trained for 
field collection and investigation of matters of air intelligence interest 
within the Interior Zone. The squadron's headquarters were at Peterson 
Field, Colorado, adjacent to Air Defense Command HQ. The 4602nd 
AISS was highly mobile: flights were attached to air defense divisions 
and detachments were attached to each of the defense forces.

All information on UFO sightings was to be reported promptly, the 
method (electrical in most cases) and priority of dispatch to be selected 
in accordance with the apparent intelligence value of the report. Electrical 
reports were to be multiple-addressed to the Commander, Air Defense 
Command; the nearest Air Defense Division; the Commander, Air Tech- 
nical Intelligence Center; and the Director of Intelligence at Air Force 
HQ. In some cases, such reports were forwarded to the CIA and NSA, 
although there is no mention of this in Air Force Regulation 200-2; not 
surprisingly, since these agencies took care not to publicize their interest 
in the phenomenon except to those with a "need to know." Furthermore, 
the very existence of the National Security Agency was a closely guarded 
secret, and remained so for many years.

AFR 200-2, dated 12 August 1954 and signed by General Nathan 
Twining, Chief of Staff and a member of the MJ-12 panel, as well as 
Colonel K. E. Thiebaud, Air Adjutant General, concluded with the fol- 
lowing statement, under the heading "Release of Facts":

Headquarters USAF will release summaries of evaluated data which will 
inform the public on this subject. In response to local inquiries, it is 
permissible to inform news media representatives on UFOB's when the 
object is positively identified as a familiar object. . . . For those objects 
which are not explainable, only the fact that AT1C will analyze the data 
is worthy of release, due to the many unknowns involved. [Emphasis added] 
SIGHTINGS ABOVE FORT MEADE, 1953-54

On 7 December 1953, according to Army Intelligence records, Private 
First Class Alfred de Bonise and Sergeant First Class James Conley 
sighted an unidentified object directly above the Headquarters Battery, 
89th AAA Battalion, at Fort George C. Meade, Maryland, where the 
National Security Agency (established in 1952) was later sited.

At 2130 hours the witnesses' attention was drawn to an object which 
made a noise that "resembled the sound of an artillery shell in flight.

The sound was not like that of an airplane or a truck. There were no 
further sounds after the initial whirring noise," the report states, and 
adds: "The object was white and shining 'like a star.' It appeared to be 
large, very high, and shaped like a round ashtray. It moved with an erratic 
motion, eventually fading out of sight in a northeasterly direction. De 
Bonise and Conley observed the object for about twenty minutes."4 

At 2211 hours on 29 April 1954, an unidentified illuminated object 
was observed above the Second Army Radio Station, Fort Meade, by the 
Supervisor Radio Operator and two co-workers, Corporal Flath and Pri- 
vate First Class Hough. Described as round in shape, the color of the 
sun, and three or four times the size of a large star, the object appeared 
out of the sky from the southwest at an undetermined speed. "The light 
emitted by the object was blinking on and off as the object moved across 
the sky in a straight path/' the report states. "When it got above the 
Second Army Radio Station it stopped blinking and started to disappear 
by going straight up and becoming smaller in size.*' The entire sighting 
lasted for seven minutes. Eastern Air Defense Command as well as Army 
Intelligence were notified.5 

Army personnel had strict orders not to discuss their sightings with 
unauthorized parties, as the following order, signed by Colonel Charles 
L. Odin, Chief of Staff, shows: "Persons involved in sightings will not 
discuss or disseminate such information to persons or agencies other than 
their superior officer(s) and other personnel authorized by the Acting 
Chief of Staff, G-2, this headquarters."6 


MYSTERY AIRCRAFT, 1954 

In the Prologue I refer to the many reports of mysterious unidentified 
aircraft-as opposed to disks, cigars, and so on-seen over Scandinavia 
and, to a lesser extent, the US and Britain in the 1930s. These bizarre 
sightings have continued to be reported over the years, and I am convinced 
that the intelligences responsible for UFOs are able either to construct 
facsimiles of our own aircraft or to manifest themselves in such a way 
that we are duped into believing they are conventional aircraft, presum- 
ably for purposes of subterfuge.

One Air Force Intelligence report that describes an exceptionally well 
documented sighting of a strange aircraft occurred directly over Carswell 
AFB, Texas, at approximately 2300 hours on 4 February 1954, in full 
view of the control tower personnel. The object was first detected by 
Carswell Ground Control Approach (GCA) Station at a distance of thirteen 
to fifteen miles, and showed up as a one-inch return on the radarscope 
at a distance often miles. Because the object was approaching the airfield, 
the GCA operator notified the Airdrome Officer of the Day as well as 
the control tower.

The object passed directly over the Carswell tower at 3-4,000 feet, 
observed by all the tower personnel, and was described as having a long 
fuselage, elliptical wings, and a stabilizer, but with no visible means of 
propulsion. No sound could be detected. The aircraft had a very bright 
light in the nose and tail, and two yellowish lights on the bottom of the 
fuselage. One observer thought he could see a light on each wing tip.

The tower operator kept the object under surveillance with standard Air 
Force binoculars throughout the observation.

Subsequent investigations revealed that no local aircraft were respon- 
sible, and that there was "no unusual activity, meteorological, astronom- 
ical, or otherwise, that could contribute to [the] sighting." The witnesses 
(all named) were described as "completely reliable," and as to the content 
of the report, "probably true." The Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA and 
the NSA were included in the distribution list.7 


NEAR COLLISIONS WITH AIRLINERS, 1953-57 

At midnight on 19 October 1953 an American Airlines DC-6 en route to 
Washington, DC, was buzzed by a UFO over Conowingo Dam, Mary- 
land. The object appeared to be heading toward the airliner on a collision 
course, so Captain J. L. Kidd threw the plane into a dive as the UFO 
streaked overhead and disappeared. Several passengers were thrown into 
the aisle and Captain Kidd radioed to Washington Airport for ambulances 
and doctors. The UFO was as large as the DC-6, the crew affirmed.

Checks by civil aviation authorities showed that no other aircraft within 
a 100-mile radius were near the airliner.8

An even more serious incident took place on the night of 14 April 
1954 when Captain J. M. Schidel of United Airlines Flight 193 was 
forced to make a sharp climbing turn in order to avoid colliding with an 
unknown object over Long Beach, California. One passenger was thrown 
to the floor, breaking a leg, and a stewardess fractured her ankle. "It 
was in sight just two seconds and made no movement to avoid me," said 
Schidel. No other known aircraft were in the vicinity at the time.1* 
On 9 March 1957 the Civil Aeronautics Board received a "Flash" 
message from Miami Air Traffic Control:

DOUGLAS 6A PAA FLIGHT 257. TO AVOID UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
TRAVELING EAST TO WEST, PILOT TOOK VIOLENT EVASIVE ACTION.
OBJECT APPEARED TO HAVE A BRILLIANT GREENISH-WHITE CENTER 
WITH AN OUTER RING WHICH REFLECTED THE GLOW FROM THE 
CENTER. . . . ABOVE DESCRIPTION FITS WHAT SEVEN OTHER FLIGHTS 
SAW. . . . MIAMI REPORTS NO MISSILE ACTIVITY. . . . ORIGINAL RE- 
PORTS OF JET ACTIVITY DISCOUNTED.10 

The airliner was piloted by Captain Matthew Van Winkle, and the sighting 
took place at 0330 hours, 150 miles east of Jacksonville, Florida. Several 
passengers were injured and the plane was met by ambulances at San 
Juan.11 

On 17 July 1957, Flight 655 en route from Dallas to Los Angeles with 
Captain E. Bachner at the controls had a near miss with an object "at 
least the size of a B-47," 100 miles east of El Paso, Texas. Two pas- 
sengers suffered slight injuries and had to be taken to hospital on landing.

No known aircraft were in the vicinity at the time.


AIRLINE PILOTS AFFECTED BY MILITARY REGULATIONS 

Because of reports like these-and there were many others-airline pilots 
became subject to military restrictions contained in a Joint Army-Navy- 
Air Force Publication (JANAP), drawn up by the Joint Communications- 
Electronics Committee and promulgated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and 
could thus find themselves liable to a prison term of up to ten years and/ 
or a fine of $10,000 if they discussed their sightings with the media or 
public. These restrictions were first imposed during a conference between 
airline representatives and intelligence officers of the Military Air Trans- 
port Service (MATS) in Los Angeles on 17 February 1954.13

JANAP 146 relates to Communication Instructions for Reporting Vital 
Intelligence Sightings (ORVIS), and unidentified flying objects are listed 
separately from aircraft and missiles. Under Section III (Security-Mil- 
itary and Civilian), is the following warning:

All persons aware of the contents of a OR VIS report are governed by the 
Communications Act of 1934 and amendments thereto, and Espionage 
Laws. OR VIS reports contain information affecting the National Defense 
of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, 18 U.S.
Code, 793 and 794. The unauthorized transmission or revelation of the 
contents of CIRVIS reports in any manner is prohibited.14

Few pilots were affected by this regulation, however, although the 
airline companies discouraged public disclosure of sightings, sometimes 
threatening pilots with their jobs if they did so.

A CIRVIS report headed "Operational Immediate," dated 29 March 
1954, gave brief details of a sighting by a United Airlines plane, confirmed 
by another airliner:

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT GLOWING BRIGHT GREEN SIGHTED BY UAL-600
FLYING EASTBOUND AT 19 THOUSAND FEET MEAN SEA LEVEL OVER 
A POINT 12 MILES EAST OF CHEROKEE WYOMING. OBJECT FIRST AP- 
PEARED 12 TO 15 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON AND 100 DEGREES TRUE 
FROM OBSERVATION POINT AND DISAPPEARED BEHIND CLOUD BANK 
SLANTING DOWNWARD 30 DEGREES TO LEFT OF VERTICAL. TIME OF 
OBSERVATION 280125M. DURATION 5 SECONDS . . . CAPTAIN SPERRY, 
UAL-600, CONFIRMED BY CO-PILOT, CONFIRMED BY PILOT N28392 DC3 5

MILES WEST OF SINCLAIR WYOMING AT 13 THOUSAND FEET . . . SAME 
TIME OF OBSERVATION . . . THIS MESSAGE HAS BEEN RELAYED TO 
CIA BY ELECTRICAL MEANS.

As with many intelligence reports dating from 1953, the NSA (in this 
case the Director-or DIRNSA) was on the distribution list, thus proving 
this Agency's long-denied involvement with the UFO phenomenon.

In December 1958, 450 airline pilots signed a petition protesting at 
the official policy of debunking sightings, which one pilot described as 
"a lesson in lying, intrigue, and the 'Big Brother' attitude carried to the 
ultimate extreme," No less than fifty of the pilots had reported sightings, 
only to be told by the Air Force that they had been mistaken. At the same 
time the pilots had been warned that they faced up to ten years in prison 
(under JANAP 146) if they revealed details of their sightings to the 
media!15 

Following a sighting by Captain Peter Killian and his crew, as well 
as thirty-five passengers aboard an American Airlines DC-6 over Penn- 
sylvania on 24 February 1959, the Air Force issued three separate and 
contradictory explanations for the incident, without having interviewed 
any of the witnesses. After Killian exposed these contradictions in news- 
paper interviews, American Airlines, succumbing to Air Force pressure, 
told Killian not to publicize the story any further. A senator asked Killian 
if he would be prepared to testify at a hearing in Washington. "Yes, I 
would," replied Killian, "but you would have to subpoena me. Then I 
could talk."16 


SIGHTING BY HELICOPTER PILOTS, 1954 

Another CIRVIS report that was sent to the NSA Director is the following, 
headed "Emergency" and dated 12 August 1954, from the Flight Service 
Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama, to the Commander of Air Defense 
Command at Ent AFB, Colorado Springs (since 1953 the main receiving 
point for UFO reports by the military): 

AT 120154Z TOWER OBSERVED AND REPORTED TO BASE OPERATIONS 
STRANGE STATIONARY OBJECT VARIABLE IN BRILLIANCE LOCATED 
WEST OF TOWER. AFTER INITIAL SIGHTING ... IT UNEXPECTEDLY 
GAINED APPARENT VELOCITY AND SPEEDED ACROSS THE SKY IN NNW 
HEADING WHICH WAS FOLLOWED BY ITS RETURN TO ITS ORIGINAL 
POSITION IN RELATION TO THE TOWER AND A NOTICEABLE DESCENT 
AND MOTIONLESS. TOWER IMMEDIATELY NOTIFIED OPERATIONS AND 
DISPATCHED A LOCAL HELICOPTER NBR ARMY 267 TO OBSERVE THE 
PHENOMENA. HELICOPTER STATED THAT OBJECT WAS DEFINITELY 
NOT A STAR. . . .

AT 0156Z AIRDROME OFFICER AND DRIVER OBSERVED MYSTERY OB- 
JECT. . . . AT 0205Z TWO MEMBERS OF ALERT CREW OBSERVED OBJECT 
FROM TOWER. COLUMBUS CAA RADIO ALSO HAS OBJECT IN SIGHT.

THE OBJECT THEN BECAME DIMMER AND SHOWING A SLIGHT RED 
GLOW. AT 0226Z OBJECT STILL STATIONARY. SEVERAL REOCCURRENCE 
OF VARIABLE BRILLIANCY SHOWN AND NOW BECOMING EXTREMELY 
DIMMER. 0227Z HELICOPTER 294 RETURNING FROM MISSION SIGHTED 
OBJECT AND PROCEEDED TOWARD IT. AT 0229Z OBJECT COMPLETELY 
DISAPPEARED AND ... 294 LOST SIGHT OF IT. AT 0240Z ARMY OPERA- 
TIONS CALLED AND ADVISED THAT PILOT OF HELICOPTERS WISHED 
TO STRESS FACT THAT OBJECT WAS OF A SAUCER LIKE NATURE, WAS 
STATIONARY AND AT 2000 FT. AND WOULD BE GLAD TO BE CALLED 
UPON TO VERIFY ANY STATEMENTS AND ACT AS WITNESSES.


AIR FORCE SPECIAL SECURITY SERVICE, 1955 

The Air Force Special Security Service (later the Air Force Electronic 
Security Command), the National Security Agency's air arm, reported 
some interesting incidents in June 1955 when UFOs were tracked by RB- 
47 aircraft. The second incident occurred on 4 June when visual and 
electronic contact with an unknown aircraft was made in the area of 
Melville Sound, Northwest Territories, Canada.

The crew were first alerted to the object when the aircraft's gun warning 
light flashed intermittently and the No. 5 radar registered a contact at 
7,000 yards range. Visual contact was then made by the crew chief, who 
described the unknown aircraft as "glistening silver metallic." The object 
broke off contact to the north with an increase of speed. Although gun 
camera films were taken, the report states, they were of such poor quality 
that no useful information could be gleaned. The radar and visual contacts 
were maintained for a total of nine minutes. 

On 7 June an RB-47 en route to Eilson AFB, Alaska, registered elec- 
tronic contact southeast of Banks Island at 3,500 yards. 'The [radar] 
scope return was small and rectangular [which] the pilot interpreted to 
be a form of jamming. The target warning light went on and off 3 times 
in as many minutes." 

The Boeing RB-47 was a medium-range reconnaissance aircraft that 
gathered photographic intelligence (PHOTINT) and electronic intelli- 
gence (ELINT) for analysis by the intelligence community, particularly 
the NSA. It had seven cameras that automatically photographed the ground 
track, and for ELINT several crews on board operated equipment that 
intercepted radio and radar signals.

This aircraft, like its successors, also engaged in quick-penetration 
sorties near potentially hostile borders (in the aforementioned case, the 
USSR) in order to deliberately trigger radar and radio alerts so that the 
operating frequencies could be determined and, in time of war, invading 
bombers could use this information to program their electronic counter- 
measures equipment (ECM) to jam or confuse enemy radar.18 That UFOs 
are reported to have jammed and/or confused our radar systems in these 
cases, and radio/communications in others, is sufficient grounds, in my 
opinion, to warrant the close attention of the National Security Agency.

World War III could be triggered by confusing UFOs with hostile aircraft 
or missiles, so it is small wonder that the NSA has been involved in 
monitoring UFO reports since 1953 (or even 1952).


TV CENSORSHIP, 1958 

On 22 January 1958, CBS Television presented a program devoted to 
UFOs on its "Armstrong Circle Theater Show," and one of those invited 
to appear was Major Donald Keyhoe, Director of the National Investi- 
gations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). Keyhoe had culti- 
vated some excellent sources of information within military circles, and 
had frequently stated on the air-and in his books-that the US govern- 
ment was withholding the facts in order to avoid panic.

Several Air Force spokesmen were also scheduled to appear, but in- 
sisted on seeing Keyhoe's script in advance and asked for assurances that 
no "ad libs" would be permitted. Keyhoe was also told that he would 
be allotted seven minutes on the program, whereas the Air Force had 
been given twenty-five minutes air time. When Keyhoe's material was 
returned, all the salient points had been deleted on the grounds that the 
script was too long, despite the fact that he had carefully timed it. But 
Keyhoe had retained one statement, which he planned using:

There is an official policy, believed in the best interests of the people, not 
to confirm the existence of UFOs until all the answers are known. Captain 
Edward J. Ruppelt, former chief of Project Blue Book, has confirmed the 
existence of four important documents that should be noted. In 1948, in 
a "Top Secret" estimate, the ATIC [Air Technical Intelligence Center] 
concluded that UFOs were interplanetary spaceships. In 1952, an Air Force 
Intelligence analysis of UFO maneuvers brought the same conclusion . . .
interplanetary. In January 1953 a report by a panel of top scientists at the 
Pentagon reached this conclusion: There is strong circumstantial evidence, 
but no concrete proof that UFOs are spaceships.

Keyhoe was told that he could not use this statement. The final show 
was a farce, bearing little relation to the program as originally conceived, 
with the Air Force spokesmen concentrating on some of the sillier stories 
of contacts with spacemen. By the time Keyhoe appeared with his heavily 
edited script, little could be done to salvage the situation. But in des- 
peration he suddenly veered from his script on the teleprompter: "And 
now I'm going to reveal something that has never been disclosed before 
... for the last six months we have been working with a congressional 
committee investigating official secrecy about UFOs. ..." But by now 
the producer had cut the audio off the air and the public never heard 
Keyhoe's concluding statement: ". . . If all the evidence we have given 
this committee is made public in open hearings it will absolutely prove 
that the UFOs are real machines under intelligent control." 

NICAP later obtained a statement from the CBS Director of editing, 
Herbert A. Carlborg, which proves that Major Keyhoe was cut off the 
air in the interests of security. "This program had been carefully screened 
for security reasons," he said. "Therefore, it was the responsibility of 
this network to ensure performance that was in accordance with prede- 
termined security standards. Any indication that there would be a devia- 
tion from the script might lead to a statement that neither this network 
nor the individuals on the program were authorized to release."19 


CONGRESSIONAL STATEMENTS 

In the late 1950s NICAP revealed some significant statements they had 
received from prominent members of Congress, of which the following 
give a clear indication of how seriously the aspect of official secrecy 
about the subject was treated. 

Senator Leverett B. Saltonstall (Massachusetts): "We must consider 
the genuine security necessities . . . but I think there are many cases in 
which more information should be made available to the public."

Representative Thomas L. Ashley (Ohio): "I share your concern over 
the secrecy that continues to shroud our intelligence activities on this 
subject." 

Representative William H. Ayres (Ohio): "Congressional investiga- 
tions have been held and are still being held on the problems of uniden- 
tified flying objects. . . . Since most of the material presented is classified, 
the hearings are never printed.'' 
Representative Walter H. Moeller (Ohio): "[I have] every confidence 
that the American public would be able to take such information without 
hysteria. The fear of the unknown is always greater than fear of the 
known." 

Representative Ralph J. Scott (North Carolina): "If this information 
could be presented in such a way as to appeal to reason, and not to 
emotion, I think it would be a good thing."20

Senator Richard B. Russell, former Chairman of the Senate Armed 
Services Committee, who had a sighting in the Soviet Union in 1955 (see 
Chapter 10), was subsequently asked about official secrecy by the aviation 
columnist Tom Towers. "I have discussed this with the affected agencies 
of the government," the senator replied, "and they are of the opinion 
that it is unwise to publicize the matter at this time."21

Senator Barry Goldwater, former Air Force Reserve Colonel and Chair- 
man of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has made several attempts to 
extract the suppressed material on UFOs (see Chapter 16), only to be 
told that it is classified above top secret. 


"SERIOUS USAF BUSINESS" 

On 24 December 1959 the Air Force issued the following warning to 
every air base commander in the continental United States:

Unidentified flying objects-sometimes treated lightly by the press and 
referred to as "flying saucers"-must be rapidly and accurately identified 
as serious USAF business in the ZI [Interior Zone]. . . .

The phenomena or actual objects comprising UFOs will tend to increase, 
with the public more aware of goings on in space but still inclined to some 
apprehension. Technical and defense considerations will continue to exist 
in this era.

Vice Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, former Director of the CIA 
(1947-50) as well as a N1CAP committee member (see Chapter 14), said 
that a copy of the warning, issued by the Inspector General, had been 
sent to the Senate Science and Astronautics Committee. "It is time for 
the truth to be brought out in open congressional hearings/' he said. 
1 'Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned 
about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens 
are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense,'* and he 
charged that "to hide the facts, the Air Force has silenced its personnel" 
through the issuance of a regulation.22 

In April 1959 Major General Donald J. Keirn, Chief of the USAF 
nuclear engine program, stated that although the Air Force had no proof 
that intelligent beings existed elsewhere, the UFO reports had "empha- 
sized our innate curiosity. ... It is entirely possible that some of them 
may have passed through our stage of evolution, and may have already 
achieved a higher level of social and technological culture than our own.' 
In 1962 an order affecting all Air Force statements on UFOs was 
disclosed via N1CAP by Major William T. Coleman, former Project Blue 
Book officer and Air Force Headquarters spokesman. The directive cov- 
ered books, articles and scripts for talks and broadcasts, and Chapter 4, 
Section B.2.g (AFM 190-4), is particularly apposite:

When the manuscript concerns military subjects it will be submitted to the 
Office of Information, which will review it for accuracy, propriety, and 
conformance with policy, security, and for the deletion of classified matter.
The policy applies to active duty personnel, retired personnel, civilian 
employees, and members of civilian components.

By this order, the Secretary of Air Force Office of Information must 
delete all evidence of UFO reality and intelligent control, which would, 
of course, contradict the Air Force stand that UFOs do not exist. The 
same rule applies to A.F. press releases and UFO information given to 
Congress and the public}4 [Emphasis added] 
Another Air Force spokesman at the Pentagon, Major C. R. Hart, 
revealed in 1962 that UFO investigations and evaluations involved hundreds 
of Air Force intelligence officers, as well as "the best scientific brains 
available in the laboratories of all government agencies, also scientific 
investigators in commercial laboratories, whenever needed." Major Hart 
also disclosed that the chief Air Force scientific consultant, Dr. J. Allen 
Hynek, had conferred with the world's leading scientists regarding the 
UFO problem. That same year, Lieutenant Colonal Spencer Whedon of 
the USAF Air Technical Intelligence Center revealed that the Air Force 
spent an estimated $10,000 on each major sighting investigation.25 

On 29 October 1962, Defense Department Assistant Secretary Arthur 
Sylvester admitted that withholding information on UFOs from the public 
was necessary if the ends justified it, and cited Air Force Regulation 11- 
7, in which it is stated that sometimes information requested by Congress 
may not be furnished "even in confidence."26 

But a number of Air Force officers opposed official secrecy on UFOs 
at this time. "In concealing the evidence of UFO operations the Air Force 
is making a serious mistake," said Lieutenant Colonel James McAshan. 
"The public should be informed as to the facts." Major Edwin A. Jerome 
went further in criticizing "this inane veil of security classification. I 
suggest we are several centuries behind the intellects of other planets. . . .

The national policy should be to educate the public." Colonel Howard 
Strand, who had three encounters with UFOs while flying F-94 jets, 
stressed that "too many intelligent, competent observers have reported 
UFOs and added: "My conclusion is that this is a reconnaissance by an 
advanced civilization. I urge a congressional investigation of UFOs and 
the military secrecy surrounding them."27

But supposing that some UFOs are dangerous, and have been respon- 
sible for the deaths of a number of Air Force pilots, as General Benjamin 
Chidlaw has confirmed, are the authorities not fully justified in their policy 
of withholding the facts from the public in the interests of national se- 
curity? This policy may also have been predicated on a suspicion by 
intelligence analysts that our planet might be viewed acquisitively by 
beings from elsewhere, a possibility discussed in Chapter 14.

Fanciful though this scenario seems, it was accorded a measure of 
credence by Air Force Intelligence Colonel William C. Odell in 1954, 
when in a script cleared by AF security but never published, entitled 
Planet Earth-Host to Extraterrestrial Life, he stated: "Granted that 
superintelligents in another solar system are looking for a suitable planet 
for a second home, why would earth be singled out?" Although Colonel 
Odell's manuscript had been cleared, potential publishers had been put 
off by Air Force stipulations that Odell was not to be identified as an AF 
officer, nor could the clearance by AF Security and Review be men- 
tioned.28 


RADIATION EFFECTS 

UFOs have on many occasions been reported to have emitted radiation 
of varying types and strengths, and such cases have led to an official 
clamp-down, almost certainly to avoid public alarm. On 6 November 
1957 Olden Moore watched a landed UFO for twenty minutes, thirty 
miles east of Cleveland, Ohio. The following day Moore was questioned 
by Army representatives as well as scientists from the Case Institute of 
Technology. Geiger counter readings taken from the center of a fifty-feet 
area registered ten times the normal amount, and about fifty percent more 
at the perimeter. Moore claimed that he had spoken to unspecifed "high 
officials" in Washington and said that he had been sworn to secrecy.29

An ex-Navy pilot who saw three oval-shaped UFOs while flying from 
Hobbs to Albuquerque, New Mexico, on 13 August 1959, was allegedly 
warned by an Air Force major at Kirtland AFB that he might become ill 
after the incident. The UFOs had caused the pilot's Magnesyn compass 
to revolve, following the bearing of the eight-foot-diameter objects as 
they circled his Cessna 170. The pilot said that he had been ordered not 
to discuss the case with anyone (hence anonymity), except for his wife, 
who had to be prepared in the event he became ill. The Air Force said 
they would look after him if this happened within six months, but since 
nothing further was reported about this case as far as I am aware, pre- 
sumably the pilot was unaffected.

On 21 December 1964 Horace Burns encountered a UFO resembling 
an inverted spinning-top about 125 feet in diameter near Staunton, Vir- 
ginia. The object caused the engine of his car to cut out as it remained 
on the ground for sixty to ninety seconds. Radiation readings taken by 
Professor Ernest Gehman registered 60,000 counts per minute, confirmed 
by two other engineers present. It was concluded that the radiation was 
of the alpha type and not the more dangerous gamma type. On 12 January 
1965 two Air Force sergeants from Wright-Patterson AFB went to the 
site and checked it with a Model 2586 Beta-Gamma Survey Meter. Checks 
were made at over eight spots, and although rain and snow had fallen in 
the area since the landing, a high reading was picked up by one of the 
men, which fact he immediately attempted to suppress. Two weeks later 
the official report was released, denying that there had been a landing of 
a UFO or traces of radioactivity. 


UFO DESTROYS ATLAS MISSILE, 1964 

An astonishing case was revealed in 1982 by a former first lieutenant in 
the Air Force, Dr. Robert Jacobs, now Assistant Professor of Radio-Film- 
TV at the University of Wisconsin. Dr. Jacobs claims that on 15 Sep- 
tember 1964, when he was in charge of the filming of missile tests at 
Vandenberg AFB, California, a UFO was responsible for the destruction 
of an Atlas missile. "In order to have clear film records of all missile 
test firings over the Pacific, we had installed a TV camera, affixed to a 
high-powered telescope up on a mountain," Dr. Jacobs reported.

We kept the telescope locked on to the moving missile by radar, and it 
was while we were tracking one of the Atlas F missiles in this way that 
we registered the UFO on our film.

We had a crew of 120 men, and I was in charge. As we watched the 
Atlas F in flight we were delighted with our camera, which was doing 
fine, in fact we were jumping around with excitement, with the result that, 
because we were doing this, we actually missed seeing the most important 
bit of all-our missile's close encounter, at an altitude of 60 miles, with 
a UFO.

I only heard about it, in fact, a couple of days later, when I was ordered 
to go and see my superior, Major Florenz J. Mansmann, Chief Science 
Officer of the Unit. With him there in his office there were a couple of 
men. in plain clothes. He introduced them to me only by their first names 
and said they had come from Washington, DC.

Then Major Mansmann had the film of the test run through. And, just 
at that point where my men and I had been busy congratulating ourselves 
and each other, Major Mansmann pointed to the screen and said: "Watch 
this bit closely." Suddenly we saw a UFO swim into the picture. It was 
very distinct and clear, a round object. It flew right up to our missile and 
emitted a vivid flash of light. Then it altered course, and hovered briefly 
over our missile . . . and then there came a second vivid flash of light.

Then the UFO flew around the missile twice and set off two more flashes 
from different angles, and then it vanished. A few seconds later, our missile 
was malfunctioning and tumbling out of control into the Pacific Ocean, 
hundreds of miles short of its scheduled target.

They switched on the office lights again, and I found myself confronted 
by three very intense faces. Speaking very quietly, Major Mansmann then 
said: "Lieutenant, just what the hell was that?" I replied that I had no 
idea. Then we ran the film through several more times, and I was permitted 
to examine it with a magnifying glass. Then Mansmann again asked me 
what I thought, and I answered that in my opinion it was a UFO. Major 
Mansmann smiled and said: "You are to say nothing about this footage.

As far as you and I are concerned, it never happened! Right . . . ?"

Here then was the confirmation of what the UFO experts had been 
saying for years past-that the U.S. government was covering up on what 
it knew about UFOs.

The film was turned over to the two men in plain clothes from Wash- 
ington, who I believe were CIA agents. The film hasn't been heard of 
since. Major Mansmann added: "I don't have to remind you, of course, 
of the seriousness of a security breach. ..."

It's been 17 years since that incident, and I've told nobody about it 
until now. I have been afraid of what might happen to me. But the truth 
is too important for it to be concealed any longer. The UFOs are real. I 
know they're real. The Air Force knows they're real. And the U.S. gov- 
ernment knows they're real. I reckon it's high time that the American 
public knows it too.32 

This incredible case, of true "Star Wars" proportions, alone justifies 
the reluctance of authorities to disclose the true facts about UFOs, even 
if outright hostility is not proven by the destruction of one missile. Yet 
how can we be certain that the incident was an isolated one? Indeed, I 
have cited one disturbing case reported from the Soviet Union when UFOs 
were allegedly responsible for the destruction of guided missiles (see 
Chapter 10), although in that incident the missiles had been launched 
offensively.


CALIFORNIAN CONTACT, 1965 

Stories of encounters with the occupants of UFOs are invariably greeted 
with a barrage of ridicule, particularly if the witnesses claim to have met 
beings similar to ourselves in appearance. But having made an intensive 
study of such cases over a period of several decades, I am absolutely 
convinced that some of the claimants have had a real, objective experi- 
ence. The case of Sid Padrick, which took place in California four months 
after the Atlas missile incident, deserves our attention, not least because 
the witness was asked by the Air Force not to discuss certain details.

At 2:00 a.m. on 30 January 1965, radio/TV technician Padrick, forty- 
five years old at the time, encountered a landed UFO near his home at 
Manresa Beach, near Watsonville, seventy-five miles south of San Fran- 
cisco. He saw the shadowy outline of an unlit craft some seventy feet in 
diameter and thirty feet high "like two real thick saucers inverted" ap- 
proach him and come to rest just above the ground. He panicked, began 
to run, then heard a voice coming from the craft: "Do not be frightened, 
we are not hostile," it said. Padrick ran further. The voice repeated the 
phrase, then added: "We mean you no harm,'1 and invited him on board.

As he cautiously approached the craft, a door opened and he went 
inside, finding himself in a small compartment about six by seven feet.

Another door slid open and he entered, to be met by a man.

The Aliens 

"He was no different than me in basic appearance, had clean-cut features, 
and wore a type of flying suit that covered the body fully," said Padrick.

On board were another seven men, similar in appearance, and one woman, 
described as extremely pretty. They were all about five feet eight inches 
to five feet nine inches tall.

By our own standards I would say they all looked between 20 and 25 years 
old, very young, pert, energetic, and intelligent looking. Their features 
were similar to ours. There was only one feature I noticed that would differ 
from us greatly, and that was that their faces came to a point, much more 
than ours. They had sharp chins and noses. Their skin was somewhat of 
an "Armenian" color. Their eyes were all very dark . . . there was nothing 
unusual about them-their brightness, depth or luminescence.

All the men appeared to have very short auburn hair, but it looked as 
though it had never been cut-it looked like a natural growth. The lady 
had long hair and it was pushed down inside her clothing. . . . Their fingers 
were a little longer than mine. The hands were very clean-the fingernails 
looked as if somebody had just given them a manicure.

All of them were wearing two-piece suits-slip-on type-light bluish- 
white in color. They had no buttons or zippers that I could see. The bottom 
section actually included the shoes-it looked like boots which continued 
on up to the waistline, without any break around the ankles, just like a 
child's snow suit. . . . There was a large band in the middle, and large 
cuffs, and a large collar that came down with a "V" neck. The collar had 
a very pretty design on it . . . and the neck piece-right around the 
neck-had a braid of some kind on it. . . . They had soles and heels. . . .

I could hear them walking on the rubbery-like floor.

The first man Padrick saw acted as spokesman, explaining that he was 
the only one on board who spoke English.

He had no accent whatsoever. It was just as plain and just as perfectly 
spoken English as anyone has ever spoken on this earth. I believe they 
can adapt themselves to whatever condition they are working under.

Every question I asked him, he would pause for about 25 or 30 seconds 
before he would answer, regardless of how minor it was. Perhaps he was 
getting instructions mentally-in what response to give. I think if the crew 
communicated with each other, it was through mental telepathy, because 
I could see nothing that would indicate communication otherwise.

Inside the Craft 

Each of the rooms that was occupied had instrument panels on the walls, 
with the crew members concentrating on the instruments. "They merely 
glanced around at me when I entered their room, then turned back to 
their work, as if they were unconcerned," said Padrick.

Some rooms had four or five instruments, others had 15 or 20, but they 
were of a similar type in each room. They were nothing like ours. I didn't 
get close to any of the walls that had the movable instruments on them, 
because when I started to advance in that first room he held out his hand 
for me not to advance and I didn't, either. He didn't say why and I didn't 
ask. I saw markings on some of the instruments; something like a tape 
moving along, with little tiny dots and dashes on it-like our teletype 
tapes, except they were going from left to right. ... I wouldn't classify 
it as a code, like our CW [Continuous Wave]. There were no screens, 
such as our oscilloscopes. They had meters, but I could not see dials on 
them. He said they lit up only when in use.

Padrick was shown an oblong lens, which he took to be part of a 
viewing system, with a magnified three-dimensional effect. On it he saw 
an object which he was told was a "navigation craft" that looked like a 
"blimp."

This was 2:45 or 3:00 in the morning, and the object was in sunlight, so 
it had to be pretty far out-I imagine 1,000 miles out, or better. I didn't 
see any markings or portholes in it ... he told me that the power source 
[of the craft he was in] was transferred to them from the other craft, and 
that it did all the navigation and manipulation through space.

He told me they don't measure time and distance as we know it but 
rather in terms of light. When I asked him how fast they traveled through 
space, he answered that their speed was limited only by the speed at which 
they could transfer their energy source.

Outside the Craft 

After a while the spaceman told Padrick that they had traveled some 
distance and were now parked in a deserted area, which on subsequent 
investigation turned out to be near Leggett, California, 175 miles north* 
west of Watsonville. 

After we had landed on the hillside, he told me to step out so that I could 
come back to the place later-to know this was real and not dreamed. I 
stepped out alone and walked around the outside of the ship.

I felt the hull. It seemed very hard but not metallic: I never felt anything 
like it before. The closest thing to it I ever felt on this earth would be a 
windshield-plexiglass. It had a very fine finish, a highly polished finish.

He didn't tell me that touching this craft would do me harm, and I had 
no bad effects from it-none whatever. I was outside for not more than 
three minutes. I got down and looked at the legs it was on and I tried to 
find markings on it: I didn't find a mark on it anyplace.

Origin and Purpose 

Padrick asked where the craft and its people came from, and received a 
somewhat cryptic reply. "He told me they were from a planet in back 
of a planet which we observe-but we do not observe them. He did not 
say we couldn't observe them-he merely said we didn't observe them. . . .

I think their planet is in our solar system."

Padrick was shown a photo of a city on the visitors' planet. "Every 
building in that picture was rounded off, half-moon shaped. I saw win- 
dows in the buildings. I cannot say the picture looked like anything I had 
ever seen before, because the buildings were spaced differently-offset 
from each other. It looked like they put one about 50 feet from another 
and the next one 150 feet. There appeared to be roads in the distance 
and there was foliage in the foreground-trees and bush too."

The spaceman described his Utopian society to Padrick. "As you know 
it, we have no sickness, we have no crimes, we have no police force.

We have no schools-our young are taught at an early age to do a job, 
which they do very well. Because of our long life expectancy we have a 
very strict birth control. We have no money. We live as one."

Padrick asked what the purpose of the visit was. The man replied: 
"Observation only." Padrick explained:

I don't think it meant for them to observe us, I think it was for me to 
observe them . . . because he did not ask me at any time my name, my 
age, how many teeth I had, how many members of my family: he didn't 
ask me one thing about myself, and this leads me to believe that they know 
about us already, and he came for us to observe them. . . . They did say 
they would come for further observations. ... I think they are observing 
people, mostly. There was no mention of earthquakes, fault-lines, or of 
anything government-wise, or political-wise, or anything that would affect 
our future [except that] they gave me the impression that they will pick 
up more people in future.

A Spiritual Experience 

Sid Padrick was taken into what was referred to by the visitors as a 
"consultation room." The color effect in this room defied description. 
'Would you like to pay your respects to the Supreme Deity?" he was 
asked.

When he said that I almost fainted. I didn't even know how to accept it.

I said to him, "We have one, but we call it God, Are we talking about 
the same thing?" He replied, "There is only one." ... So I knelt and 
did my usual prayer. . . . Until that night I had never felt the presence of 
the Supreme Being-but I did feel Him that night.

It's obvious that they are on a very high scientific level, but their relation 
with the Supreme Being means a lot more to them than their technical and 
scientific ability and knowledge. I would say that their religion and their 
science are all in one.

Padrick was taken back to where he had been picked up two hours 
earlier, then stepped out of the craft and walked home.

The Air Force Investigation 

Sid Padrick reported his experience to the Air Force, and was grilled for 
three hours by a team headed by Major D. B. Reeder of Hamilton AFB. 
"... they tried to frighten me. They said, 'Mr. Padrick, you are a real 
lucky person . . . these craft that come down here are real hostile, and 
you had no business even approaching them.' I disagreed with them, 
because when this craft came down, they did not want to frighten me 
. . . they did not tell me to go aboard their craft, they invited me aboard."

The Air Force told Padrick that there had been two instances where 
hostility had been involved-one the Mantell case, and the other an 
incident when an aircraft completely vanished from a radar screen. But 
the Air Force did tell Padrick that there was more than one group of 
UFOs visiting earth, and that there were friendly as well as hostile craft, 
from more than one source.

There were certain details they [the Air Force] asked me not to talk about 
publicly, but I think in telling it that everything should be disclosed. I can 
see no reason for anything being held back. They didn't want me to say 
that the space people had no money. They didn't want me to disclose the 
type and shape of the craft because that would indicate that the Air Force 
is not doing its duty. I told them I could see no reason for that, either. . . . 

They didn't want me to divulge their means of communication and where 
they got their power from. Also, the man's name-they told me I should 
never repeat that because it didn't mean anything. The spaceman had said 
"You may call me Xeno." He didn't say it was his name. [Xeno means 
"stranger" or "foreigner." ]33 

Many will wonder if I have taken leave of my senses in including this 
story. But there are hundreds of such encounters reported by men and 
women all over the world and in order to understand all the possible 
reasons behind the official cover-up it is essential to examine a few that 
may be relevant, which I believe Sid Padrick's to be. Unfortunately I 
never met the man: he disappeared from the scene in the late 1960s, 
having become tired of being harassed. But I have studied every inflection 
of his voice in the recorded interview on which this account is based, 
and am perfectly satisfied that he is speaking the truth. Under a barrage 
of cross questioning by civilian investigators at the time, his answers 
were always clear, precise, and without guile, and he was always quick 
to appreciate the humorous aspects of the incredible situation he found 
himself in.


THE SILENCERS 

Mysterious men dressed in Air Force uniform or bearing impressive 
credentials from government agencies, who intimidate witnesses and 
sometimes confiscate evidence from them, have now become inextricably 
enmeshed in UFO lore, as I have shown. In 1967 even the Air Force 
was obliged to acknowledge that such incidents took place, but denied 
any involvement. "These men are not connected with the Air Force," 
said Colonel George Freeman, Pentagon spokesman for Project Blue 
Book.

After highway inspector Rex Heflin took four Polaroid photographs of 
a low flying UFO near Santa Ana, California, on 3 August 1965, he was 
visited at his home by a man claiming to represent "North American Air 
Defense Command G-2" (possibly the USAF Aerospace Intelligence 
Division) who demanded the prints. They were never returned. Heflin 
had previously loaned the photos to the El Toro Marine Station and had 
received them back safely, so he assumed that NORAD (or whoever) 
would do likewise.

Major General M. Magee, NORAD's Chief of Staff, later told Rep- 
resentative James B. Utt (Republican, California): "For your information 
NORAD does not have the responsibility for the evaluation of UFOs and 
therefore would not knowingly be in the business of collecting UFO 
pictures for evaluation," he claimed.

Police officers and other witnesses to a UFO sighting at Wanaque, 
New Jersey, in 1966, were assembled by a man wearing an Air Force 
uniform who told them they hadn't seen anything and should not discuss 
the matter any further. "We checked with the local Air Force base," 
said Colonel Freeman, "and discovered that no one connected with the 
Air Force had visited Wanaque on the date in question. Whoever he was, 
he wasn't from the Air Force."

In April 1966 a man claiming to represent "a government agency so 
secret that he couldn't give its name" grilled two twelve-year-old boys 
for two hours about a disk-shaped object that had pursued them at ground 
level. 

"We haven't been able to find out anything about these men," said 
Colonel Freeman. "By posing as Air Force officers and government 
agents they are committing a federal offense."34

Perhaps Colonel Freeman was telling the truth, and was genuinely 
unaware of government involvement in these incidents. Owing to com- 
partmentation of intelligence he may not have had a "need to know" 
about the investigations, nor would he necessarily have known which 
agency was involved. And if he did, it would hardly have been in the 
government's best interests to admit as much. The Air Force Office of 
Special Investigations (AFOSI), with a long history of involvement in 
clandestine UFO investigations, might have been responsible, as could 
NORAD itself. There are other factors to be taken into consideration.

The CIA, for example, is not above using agents posing as Air Force 
officers when the occasion demands-they don't go around wearing CIA 
badges.

There is another agency, hidden in Air Force Intelligence but run by 
the CIA, whose very existence was denied by the US government until 
comparatively recently. I refer to the most secret intelligence agency in 
the United States: the National Reconnaissance Office. The NRO was 
established in 1960, and although its primary function is the operation 
of spy satellites, its estimated annual budget of $3 billion and staff of 
50,00035 could easily allow for secret UFO investigations. There is no 
evidence of this so far, however, and my Freedom of Information request 
for documents in 1986 not surprisingly drew a blank, although the Air 
Force did send me "the only record we have responsive to your request," 
this being the memorandum from Colonel Charles Halt to the British 
Ministry of Defense relating to the landing of a UFO outside RAF/US AF 
Woodbridge in December 1980 (see Chapter 4).

My point is that many, if not all, of the mysterious agents who intim- 
idate witnesses could well originate with the government, rather than 
with-as some have suggested-the so-called "men in black." But there 
have been a number of disturbing reports of encounters with the nefarious 
MIB which simply cannot be dismissed, stories so incredible that wit- 
nesses seldom report them for fear of ridicule. And if the paraphysical 
abilities of the MIB are factual, then it is obvious that we are not dealing 
with government intimidators.


NORAD 

The North American Aerospace Defense Command is responsible for 
protecting the North American continent from attack by enemy missiles 
or aircraft. While the vast majority of the 25,000 observations each day 
that are recorded by NORAD's Space Detection and Tracking System 
(SPADATS) and the Naval Space Surveillance System (NAVSPASUR) 
turn out to be readily identifiable, a certain percentage relate to "uncor- 
rected observations," of which there have been approximately 10 million 
since the early 1960s. Assuming that the majority of these, too, can be 
explained, we are still left with possibly thousands of bona fide UFO 
reports. NORAD has released a number of documents under provisions 
of the Freedom of Information Act which detail some incidents, such as 
the intrusions over Strategic Air Command (SAC) bases-including nu- 
clear missile bases-in Maine, Michigan, Montana, North Dakota and 
Canada, in 1975 (see Chapter 8), but many more are being withheld.

When Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) filed an FOIA request for 
this data in NORAD files, they were quoted a search fee of over $155,000!36

The much respected researcher Raymond Fowler, who once served 
with the USAF Security Service, has revealed details of a NORAD-related 
incident that occurred on 5 March 1967. NORAD radar tracked an un- 
corrected target descending over the Minuteman missile site at Minot 
AFB (91st Strategic Missile Wing), North Dakota. Strike teams were 
notified immediately and sighted a metallic disk-shaped UFO with bright 
flashing lights moving slowly over the site. Three armed trucks chased 
the intruder until it stopped and hovered at 500 feet. The teams had orders 
to capture the UFO undamaged if it landed, but it then began circling 
over a launch control facility. F-106 jets were about to be scrambled 
when the UFO climbed vertically and disappeared at high speed.37 Fowler 
has received confirmation from undisclosed sources that there have been 
other instances when UFOs have hovered directly over nuclear missile 
sites.

In the spring of 1966 the command and status consoles at a launch 
control center in Great Falls, Montana, indicated that a fault existed in 
each of the ten missiles simultaneously. The missile crew checked the 
faults electronically and discovered that a "no-go fault condition" existed 
in the guidance and control systems, which meant in effect that none of 
the missiles could have been launched. Above-ground personnel had 
reported seeing UFOs at the precise moment the failures were detected.

An identical incident occurred during the week of 20 March 1967, Fowler 
reports, when radar at Malstrom AFB, Montana, confirmed the presence 
of a UFO at the same time that ten missiles became inoperative.38

If these events actually took place-and I see no reason to doubt that 
they did, given the documented cases of intrusions by UFOs over missile 
sites in 1975-then we must give due consideration to the possibility 
that in the event of a full-scale nuclear alert all our intercontinental ballistic 
missiles will be rendered impotent. This is indeed a comforting thought, 
with profound implications for the survival of humanity. But there is an 
additional possibility that the UFO intelligences are merely demonstrating 
that we have no adequate defense against them.


POLICE CHIEF PHOTOGRAPHS "SPACEMAN" 

In October 1973 the United States was inundated with sightings, leading 
to a revival of public and media interest in the subject. One of the most 
impressive reports for me is the encounter of Police Chief Jeff Greenhaw 
(in fact the only policeman) in the small town of Falkville, Alabama, on 
i7 October. Shortly before 10:00 p.m. Greenhaw was at home when a 
woman telephoned him to report that an object with flashing lights ap- 
peared to be landing in a field west of the town. Since there had been a 
spate of UFO sightings in south Morgan County, Greenhaw grabbed his 
Polaroid camera and drove to the remote area.

Two miles from town he encountered a six-foot-tall, metallic-suited 
creature standing in the middle of the road. "I got out of my car and 
said, 'Howdy, stranger,' reported Greenhaw. "He didn't say a word. I 
reached back, picked up my Polaroid camera, and started taking pictures 
of him." The policeman took four photographs, then got back into his 
car and turned on the revolving blue light(s), at which point the creature 
turned and started running down the road. 
"I jumped into my car and took after him," said Greenhaw, "but 
couldn't catch up with him in a patrol car. He was running faster than 
any human I ever saw." The car was doing 30-40 mph before going 
into a spin on the gravel road. The creature had vanished. The "space- 
man" moved like a robot and ran in huge paces, Greenhaw said.

A hoax? After Jeff Greenhaw had related his experience on NBC-TV 
news he began receiving threatening phone calls. Within two weeks of 
the incident his car engine blew up, his wife left him, and an arsonist 
set fire to his house trailer, destroying the original prints. To add insult 
to injury, Greenhaw was forced to resign as police chief. "So now I've 
lost my car, my wife, my home, and my job. And I guess I'll just have 
to go wherever I can to find another job," he said.39 Hoaxers seldom go 
that far.


ARMY HELICOPTER IN NEAR COLLISION WITH UFO 

A day after Greenhaw's experience, on 18 October 1973, four Army 
Reserve crewmen in a Bell Huey helicopter had an alarming close en- 
counter with a UFO in the vicinity of Mansfield, Ohio. The pilot in 
command was Captain Lawrence J. Coyne, and the other airmen were 
Crew Chief Robert Yanacsek, Co-pilot Arrigo Jezzi and Staff Sergeant 
John Healey. The Army Disposition Form, signed by the four witnesses, 
records the incident as follows:

Army helicopter 68-15444 was returning from Columbus, Ohio, to Cleve- 
land, Ohio, and at 2305 hours east, southeast of Mansfield Airport in the 
vicinity of Mansfield, Ohio, while flying at an altitude of 2500 feet and 
on a heading of 030 degrees, SSG Yanacsek observed a red light on the 
east horizon, 90 degrees to the flight path of the helicopter.

Approximately 30 seconds later, SSG Yanacsek indicated the object 
was converging on the helicopter at the same altitude at an airspeed in 
excess of 600 knots and on a midair collision heading. CPT Coyne observed 
the converging object, took over the controls of the aircraft and initiated 
a power descent from 2,500 feet to 1,700 feet to avoid impact with the 
object.

A radio call was initiated to Mansfield Tower who acknowledged the 
helicopter and was asked by CPT Coyne if there were any high performance 
aircraft flying in the vicinity of Mansfield Airport, however there was no 
response received from the tower. The crew expected impact from the 
object; instead, the object was observed to hesitate momentarily over the 
helicopter and then slowly continued on a westerly course accelerating at 
a high rate of speed, clear west of Mansfield Airport then turn 45 degree 
heading to the northwest.

CPT Coyne indicated the altimeter read a 100 fpm [feet per minute] 
climb and read 3500 feet with the collective in the full down position. The 
aircraft was returned to 2500 feet by CPT Coyne and flown back to Cleve- 
land, Ohio. The Flight plan was closed and the FAA Flight Service Station 
notified of the incident.40 

"From a speed of 600 miles an hour, it abruptly slowed down to our 
exact speed of 100 miles an hour and hovered above us,'' reported Captain 
Coyne. Co-pilot Jezzi described the object as "cigar-shaped, metallic 
gray, with a dome on top" and Staff Sergeant Healey added that it was 
"about 60 feet long, without any portholes or intake openings that we 
could see. At first it was just showing a red light in the nose. Then a 
green spotlight at the back swept around and shone into our cabin."41

The radio returned to normal ten minutes after the incident, having 
gone completely dead on both UHF and VHF frequencies just after Coyne 
had established contact with Mansfield control tower. Some witnesses on 
the ground reported seeing the helicopter as well as an object "like a 
blimp" and "as big as a school bus" hovering above the helicopter.

When the UFO's green light appeared it was described by the witnesses 
as "like rays coming down. . . . The helicopter, the trees, the road . . .
everything turned green."42 


WITNESSES SEVERELY HARMED BY UFO-BUT WAS IT ONE OF OURS?

The further our technology advances, the harder it will be to differentiate 
between true UFOs and new types of aircraft, spacecraft, and remotely 
piloted vehicles (RPVs). Researchers are still debating the origin of an 
unknown aerial device that was seen by three witnesses on the night of 
29 December 1980 near Huffman, a suburb of Houston, Texas.

The witnesses, Betty Cash, her friend Vickie Landrum and her seven- 
year-old grandson Colby were driving toward Dayton, Texas, when at 
about 9:00 p.m. a fiery object was seen high in the sky which quickly 
descended to treetop level above the road and hovered in front of them 
no more than about 135 feet away. Flames were shooting down from the 
object. The witnesses stopped the car, got out, and watched, although 
they were all very frightened, particularly Colby who pleaded with the 
others to get back inside the car. This they did, though Betty Cash spent 
more time outside than the others. Mrs. Landrum-convinced that the 
end of the world had arrived-began praying.

The object was described by Betty as an extremely bright light with no 
distinct shape, but Vickie thought it was oblong with a rounded top and a 
pointed lower half. Colby is certain that it was diamond-shaped. The bursts 
of flame coincided with sounds "like a flame thrower" and a "roaring" 
as well as a "beeping'' noise lasted throughout the encounter. The car was 
so hot that Betty was unable to touch the door with her bare hand.

The witnesses followed the object in the car and noticed that about 
twenty three twin-rotor helicopters (later identified as Chinooks) appeared 
to be escorting the fiery object, but never getting closer than about three 
quarters of a mile. After stopping three more times to watch the spectacle, 
Betty drove the others home and arrived at her own house at 9:50 p.m.

Then horrific physical symptoms became apparent.

Betty reported a blinding headache, pains in her neck, and nodules on 
her head and scalp that burst, seeping clear fluid. Her eyes swelled shut, 
she was unable to see properly, and suffered from nausea, vomiting and 
diarrhea. Four days later she was admitted as a burn victim to Parkway 
General Hospital, Houston. Various specialists were called in but none 
was able to properly diagnose her complaints. A week after leaving 
hospital Betty had to return, still suffering from headaches, nausea, swell- 
ing and loss of appetite. Even more alarming, her hair began falling out, 
leaving a temporary bald patch. By the end of February 1981 Betty's 
medical bill had risen to $10,000. Finally, Betty developed breast cancer 
and had to have a mastectomy, although this may be coincidental.

The other witnesses, who spent less time outside the car, were irra- 
diated to a lesser degree. Vickie suffered from inflammation of the eyes, 
temporary loss of some hair, and developed line-like indentations across 
her fingernails. Colby suffered from "sunburn" on his face as well as 
eye inflammation.43 

There is no question that the three witnesses were subjected to varying 
degrees of radiation emitting from a vehicle of unknown origin. But whose 
was it? The presence of helicopters escorting the object suggests that it 
was an experimental device that had malfunctioned, the main purpose of 
the helicopters being to ensure that in the event of a forced landing the 
area could be sealed off immediately by troops. I have heard several 
rumors from normally reliable sources that the device was either a nuclear- 
powered experimental space shuttle or "lighting device" that had got 
into difficulties. The device apparently has an auxiliary conventional 
rocket propulsion unit. Intriguing but less reliable rumors suggest that 
the object was a nuclear-powered device on a test flight as part of "Project 
Snowbird"-allegedly established in 1972 to test fly a recovered alien 
vehicle.

Betty Cash and Vickie Landrum are in no doubt that the craft was 
American, and sued the US government for $20 million damages. I kept 
in touch with Peter Gersten (their lawyer) as the case dragged on in the 
US District Court, Houston. In August 1986 the case was dismissed on 
the grounds that no such object was owned, operated or in the inventory 
of either the Air Force, the Army, the Navy or NASA (experts from each 
were represented in court). But as the principal investigator of the case, 
John Schuessler, emphasizes, hardly any attention was paid to the evi- 
dence regarding the twenty-three helicopters (there were additional wit- 
nesses). "Judge Ross Sterling considered the expert testimony to be 
sufficient reason to dismiss the case," he says.."That means he will not 
meet Betty Cash, Vickie and Colby Landrum, and he will not hear the 
evidence they wanted their attorneys to present."44 


CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND-A REALITY?

During a talk given to the Tulsa, Oklahoma, Astronomy Club in 1982, 
former Air Force intelligence officer Steve Lewis revealed that the twelve 
years he spent investigating UFOs for the military both in the US and 
abroad convinced him that intelligent extraterrestrial beings are visiting 
earth. Apologizing for being unable to be more specific owing to strict 
orders from the Air Force not to divulge specific details about his UFO 
research from 1965 to 1977 (including a period with Project Blue Book), 
Lewis stated that only a fraction of information accumulated by the mil- 
itary has been released. He admitted that although the majority of sightings 
have a mundane explanation, the bona fide reports are often associated 
with a common feature of very bright, blinding lights. The Air Force 
believes that the light may be related to an advanced propulsion system, 
enabling UFOs to travel at the speed of light, Lewis said. 
"That movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind is more realistic than 
you'd believe," he told the audience. "You can believe that or not."

Pressed to reveal what had convinced him that UFOs are extraterrestrial 
spacecraft rather than top secret military devices, Lewis commented: 
"The records, the information I saw while in my job. I no longer rule 
out what the possibilities might be."45 


=====================================================================
13. THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 

When a Korean Airlines Boeing 747 was shot down after wandering 
inadvertently into Russian airspace in 1983, resulting in the deaths of 
269 people, the agency responsible for monitoring and recording radio 
communications between the Soviet Air Force pilot and his 
headquarters-thus proving that orders to shoot down the airliner had in 
fact been given-was America's highly secret Defense Intelligence Agency.

Established in 1961 by Robert McNamara, President Kennedy's Defense 
Secretary at the time, the DIA's mandate was to coordinate all US military 
intelligence services (i.e. those of the Air Force, Army and Navy). This 
upset not only these individual services but also the CIA, who perceived 
the DIA as a serious rival, since the strength of the military services' 
intelligence branches combined exceeded that of the CIA.1 "There is, of 
course, always the possibility," remarked former CIA Director Allen 
Dulles in 1963, "that two such powerful and well financed agencies as 
CIA and DIA will become rivals and competitors."2 He was right. By 
1964 the DIA's control over military intelligence had increased to such 
an extent that the services were reduced to providing technical intelligence 
on enemy weapons, running the attache system and collecting but not 
analyzing raw intelligence data.

The DIA works for the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
and the Director of Central Intelligence, and is staffed by both military 
officers and civilians.4 Its employees are said to number 7,0005 and its 
budget in the 1970s was estimated at $100 million per annum. In addition 
to processing and analyzing intelligence gathered from military sources, 
which is then turned into finished intelligence reports that are circulated 
within the Pentagon and the intelligence community, the DIA prepares 
daily and weekly intelligence digests as well as its own estimates of 
enemy capabilities.6 

In 19801 spoke with Peter Gersten, the New York lawyer representing 
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS). He told me that in 1979 the DIA 
had submitted a motion to the US Attorney indicating that they had 
searched their complete record systems and had no documents on UFOs 
other than three that they had found and released. One involved a Peruvian 
incident in June 1980, while another related to some sightings in the 
Soviet Union that they were in the process of translating. The DIA had 
released the other document in 1977 to Charles Huffer, a teacher at the 
Berlin American High School in Germany. It deals with the now well- 
known case of UFOs sighted by an Imperial Iranian Air Force pilot in 
September 1976 (see pages 318-321).7 

In view of the DIA's denials that they had any further material on 
UFOs, it is interesting that in December 1985 the Agency released a total 
of thirty seven UFO-related documents-amounting to 139 pages-to 
researcher Ray Boeche, who generously forwarded copies to me. In their 
covering letter to Boeche the DIA explained that "it has been determined 
that there are 53 documents responsive to your [FOIA] request. Of these 
53 documents, portions of 15 are properly classified and are not releasable."

Some of the released documents, stamped "Best Copy Available," 
are barely legible. The earliest dates back to 1957, which is curious since 
the DIA was founded in 1961. Most probably the earlier reports were 
later forwarded to the DIA by the relevant service intelligence agencies.

Illegibility on some of the documents is due either to the fact that the 
DIA considered them so insignificant that they were not worth preserving 
in legible form, or that they have been made deliberately illegible. It is 
evident from some of the documents that the primary concern of the DIA 
(or submitting agencies) was sightings related to Soviet activity.


FINLAND, 1957 

The earliest legible reports refer to sightings in Finland in December 
1957, one of which states that: 
a brilliant, elongated object, resembling a cigar-a long cigar-was sighted 
by two farmers in the terrain east of [illegible]. The object came into sight 
from the western sky. Its flight was horizontal, i.e. parallel to the earth, 
and its altitude was considerable. The line of flight was almost due east.

Its speed was [illegible] that of a meteor or a Sputnik. The mysterious 
object was visible for a [illegible].

The report on Finnish sightings concludes: "It is significant that the 
majority of the sightings here reported, as well as the majority of those 
reported in earlier months, were [bordering] the Soviet frontier. The 
possibility has been suggested that the Russians are conducting some of 
their tests from a vessel or vessels in far Northern waters." 


AFGHANISTAN, 1959 

The DIA's primary concern with UFO reports continued to focus on the 
possibility of Russian missile tests. An unclassified report dated 3 De- 
cember 1959, supplied to the DIA by the Army, refers to sightings in 
Afghanistan in November of that year: "On 8 November a huge luminous 
object was seen moving at great speed over the sky in Kandahar. The 
object which was flying in a North Westerly direction had a downward 
movement and soon after it was seen it blew up with a loud roar on 
Shurad mountains, causing slight earth tremors in the area. No losses 
have been reported so far.'' 
Although the Army was unable to secure any further information about 
the incident, and another on 29 November (both of which had been 
reported in news bulletins), the most probable explanation is that Soviet 
missile tests were being conducted near the Afghanistan border. Lieu- 
tenant Colonel Sandiland, who prepared the Army intelligence report, 
comments scathingly on the likelihood of UFOs being responsible: "Af- 
ghanistan, with grim determination, has decided to advance from the 13th 
to the 20th century as quickly as possible. If more advanced countries 
have sighted UFO-Well-So has Afghanistan."

On 2 December 1959 a bright, circular object was observed in the sky 
over Ghazni, heading south-west, which disappeared after two minutes.

This drew another caustic comment from Lieutenant Colonel Sandiland: 
"Afghanistan, having sighted three UFOs within a period of two months, 
is rapidly catching up with other progressive nations-in this respect at 
least." 


ANTARCTICA, 1965 

A wave of sightings in South America in 1965 was reported to the DIA 
by US Air and Naval Attaches, and although many of the reports were 
taken from newspapers, some originated with official sources, such as 
the following accounts of sightings in Antarctica which were obtained 
from the Chief of the Argentine Navy Hydrographic Service by the US 
Naval Attache in Buenos Aires. The accounts summarize reports by 
Argentine, Chilean and British base personnel at Deception Island, part 
of the British-owned South Shetland Islands.

On 2 June 1965 an unusual object was sighted by a meteorologist and 
four other witnesses at the British Bravo Base. The sighting lasted for 
fifteen to twenty minutes. The object moved rapidly and was of a brilliant 
color, solid-appearing, and noiseless. On 20 June the Commander of the 
Chilean Aquirre Cerda Base, Juan Barrera, together with Chilean Air 
Force pilot Lieutenant Benavidez, a meteorologist, and seven other wit- 
nesses, observed a UFO which maneuvered rapidly on an oscillating 
course for twenty-five minutes. But the most interesting sightings took 
place on 3 July at the Chilean base, as the following official summary 
shows:

ON THREE JULY AT ONE NINE TWO ZERO HOURS THE METEOROLOGIST 
AND EIGHT OTHER PERSONS AT THE CHILEAN BASE AQUIRRE CERDA 
OBSERVED DURING TWO ZERO MIN (CLEAR NIGHT, TWO EIGHTHS 
STRATOCUMULUS AND STARRY SKY, MOON FOURTH QUARTER) AN 
OBJECT APPEARING AS A STATIONARY LIGHT AT TIMES AND OF SOLID 
APPEARANCE LIKE A CELESTIAL BODY, NOISELESS, WHITE COLOR 
WITH BORDERS LIKE A BRILLIANT STAR, MOVING EAST TO WEST 
TRAJECTORY WITH OSCILLATIONS, DISAPPEARING IN THE CLOUDS, 
ELEVATION FOUR DASH FOUR FIVE DEGREES OVER THE HORIZON.

ON THREE JULY AT ONE NINE FOUR TWO HOURS METEOROLOGIST 
AND SIX PERSONS FROM THIS BASE OBSERVED BY NAKED EYE, BIN- 
OCULARS, AND THEODOLITE FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HOUR AND TWO 
MINUTES (CLEAR NIGHT, TWO EIGHTHS STRATUS, ONE EIGHTH CIR- 
RUS, STARRY SKY, MOON FOURTH QUARTER) AN OBJECT DESCRIBED 
AS MORE BRILLIANT THAN A STAR OF THE FIRST MAGNITUDE WHICH 
WAS STATIONARY AT TIMES WITH FLASHING BRILLIANCE (APPEARING 
AND DISAPPEARING). MOVING ABOVE THE STRATUS AND BELOW THE 
CIRRUS AT TIMES, OF A SOLID APPEARANCE AND NOISELESS, ITS 
CENTER COLORED RED, BORDERS CHANGING FROM YELLOW TO GREEN 
TO ORANGE TO BLUE TO WHITE, AND LIKE A BRILLIANT IRIDESCENT 
STAR, SMALL TRAJECTORY VARIATION, SIZE COMPARABLE TO THE 
HEAD OF HALF INCH NAIL HEAD, FINALLY DISAPPEARING IN ALTI- 
TUDE AND DISTANCE. FORM WAS ROUND AND OVAL SHAPED. DI- 
RECTION OBSERVED NORTH NORTHWEST APPROXIMATELY THREE THREE 
FIVE DEGREES FROM TRUE NORTH AND THREE ZERO DEGREES ABOVE 
THE HORIZON, APPROXIMATELY AT A DISTANCE OF ONE ZERO TO 
ONE FIVE KILOMETERS. SOME PHOTOGRAPHY TAKEN OF THIS SIGHT- 
ING. . . . TWO VARIOMETERS WORKING AFFECTED BY MAGNETIC FIELD 
DISTURBANCE DURING THE TIME OBJECT SIGHTED.

Newspaper articles, forwarded to the DIA by the US Air Attache in 
Santiago, Chile, contained additional information. The photographs- 
about ten in all-were taken by Corporal U. D. Martinez, but proved to 
be of little value owing to the distance of the object. The magnetic traces, 
however, recorded on a magnetovariometer, were considered highly ev- 
idential. The Air Attache, while hypothesizing that a satellite may have 
been responsible for some of the sightings, nevertheless concluded in his 
report: "Some credence must be given to the existence or the occurrence 
of some type of phenomenon in as much as reports emanated from such 
widely reported locations as to rule out mass hysteria or collusion."

The Argentine Navy published an official communique on the sighting, 
based on the statements of the Argentine, Chilean, and British witnesses.

The Secretariat of the Argentine Navy also confirmed that the occurrence 
had been witnessed by scientists of the three naval bases and that the 
facts described by these people were in complete agreement.8 The Com- 
mandant of the Chilean Air Force Antarctic Base, Don Mario Juan Bar- 
rera, commented:

It is rash to say that we all saw a flying saucer, like those in science fiction.

But nevertheless it was something real, an object traveling at a staggering 
speed, that performed evolutions and . . . caused interference in the in- 
struments of the Argentinian base lying on an island that is near to and 
right opposite our base . . . what we observed was no hallucination or 
collective psychosis. ... As far as I am concerned it is a celestial object 
that I am unable to identify. That it could be an aircraft constructed on 
this earth, I do not believe possible.

Commandant Daniel Perisse of the Argentine base backed up this state- 
ment by declaring that the appearance of the object was no hallucination 
or mirage, and his description of the object's performance tallied precisely 
with Barrera's.9

The sightings of UFOs on 3 July 1965 were not the first in Antarctica.

In 1950 Commander Augusto Vars Ortega of the Chilean Navy reported 
that UFOs had circled his base. "During the bright Antarctic night," he 
said, "we saw flying saucers, one above the other, turning at tremendous 
speeds. We have photographs to prove what we saw." The pictures were 
1,200 feet of color movie film, but when Major Donald Keyhoe attempted 
to obtain a copy from the Chilean Embassy in Washington in 1956 he 
was informed that the film was classified and could not therefore be made 
available.10 In May 1972 officers of the Chilean Air Force and Army had 
two sightings of UFOs which caused a weakening of radio signals in the 
3,200 kilocycle waveband.11


CHILE, 1965

In September 1965 the US Air Attache in Santiago forwarded a news 
report to the DIA of a sighting by the crew of Chilean National Airlines 
Flight LAN 904 on the 6th of that month. The captain of the DC-6b was 
Marcelo Cisternas, Chief of Flight Operations for the airline, who de- 
scribed the sighting as follows:

It was something mechanical-zigzagging-its movements were not 
precise-suddenly it changed direction and came directly toward us-it 
gave me the impression that it had suddenly located us with radar. . . .

During the 13 to 14 minutes this strange object followed us, it gave me 
the impression that when it located us it tried to identify us. At once we 
requested information from the Flight Control Tower in Arica and Iquque.

We were informed that no other flights had been scheduled in that zone. . . .

I have never had a similar experience. I didn't believe in "them." It 
was not an optical vision due to atmospherical reflections. I am sure it was 
a mechanical apparatus. [Our] plane was flying at an altitude of 8,500 feet 
... the night was cloudy and without stars ... the co-pilot, the engineer, 
hostess and steward also saw it. It emitted a light of an intense color, then 
changed and turned to radiant white. It was suspended at a distance of 
about 3 kms from us, in a straight line. It was more or less 2130 hours.

Suddenly the same way it appeared it withdrew at an incredible speed.


BRAZIL, 1967

An interesting Brazilian Air Force report was obtained from official sources 
by the US Air Attache in Rio de Janeiro in March 1967:

On 27 March 1967 the crew of a Brazilian Air Force C-47 and the crew 
of a Cruzeiro do Sul photo mapping aircraft reported having seen a flying 
saucer in the vicinity of Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul. The object was 
initially sighted by the BAF crew who described it as a reddish colored 
full moon that appeared to be flying in circles. The BAF C-47 advised 
Salgado Filho Tower of the sighting, and the tower asked the Cruzeiro do 
Sul aircraft to intercept and identify the object. The Cruzeiro do Sul aircraft 
made contact with the object and pursued it for 15 minutes before it finally 
disappeared. No pictures were taken. . . .

In addition to the reported sightings by the aircraft crews, the object 
was also reportedly seen by ground observers in the Porto Alegre area. A 
more recent reported sighting occurred on 30 March 1967 in Rio [illegible].

However, this one was reported only by ground observers. The object was 
described as completely white, silent, flying at low altitude, and would 
disappear and reappear at regular intervals. This particular sighting received 
very little publicity in [the news] media. As yet the Air Ministry has not 
issued any official comment on these sightings and is presently studying 
the statements of the aircraft crews and ground observers.

Official UFO research in Brazil was conducted at this time (and still 
is, as far as I am aware) by the Brazilian Air Force UFO Study Division, 
based in Sao Paulo. Although Brazil is one of the few countries in the 
world where sightings (especially the more sensational ones) are publi- 
cized regularly, official censorship has been imposed since the 1960s. In 
1969 a Brazilian Air Force directive issued to local officials stated: "You 
will not under any circumstances give any information on UFO activity 
to any press, radio, or television reporter or representative. This is a 
matter of National Security, and all press releases will be made by the 
Brazilian Air Force Public Relations Department."12 A 1973 Sao Paulo 
State directive, entitled Institutional Act No. 5 (State Security), warns: 
"It is forbidden for TV, radio, newspapers, and other news media to 
divulge UFO reports without the prior censorship of the Brazilian Air 
Force." 13


PROJECT MOON DUST 

Of the 139 pages of DIA documents now released, four contain intriguing 
references to "Project Moon Dust." This project was, and possibly still 
is, a foreign space debris program of the US Air Force System Command's 
Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Day- 
ton, Ohio, and while its primary function would seem to be the recovery 
of missile and satellite debris, there are indications that it has also been 
involved in the recovery of more exotic artifacts.

A UFO sighting over Agadir, Morocco, on 11/12 January 1967, for 
example, led to translations of two articles being sent to the DIA by the 
US Defense Attache in Rabat, who commented: ". . . the page one 
coverage afforded this sighting demonstrates a high level of local interest 
in the subject of UFOs and presages future reporting which could be 
valuable in pursuit of Project MOON DUST." Another UFO report from 
Morocco a couple of months later gave "Project MOON DUST" as its 
reference.

Ray Boeche has subsequently uncovered further information about the 
project, having filed a number of Freedom of Information requests with 
the CIA, DIA, Department of Defense, National Security Council and 
Air Force. Ray informed me that Project Moon Dust was "definitely 
UFO-related,"14 but no really significant documents have been released 
to him so far.


NEW ZEALAND, 1965-68

The DIA apparently showed great interest in the controversial theories 
of Captain Bruce Cathie, the New Zealand airline pilot who claims to 
have discovered evidence for a worldwide grid system used by UFOs.

Cathie's meetings with US Defense Attaches in Wellington are docu- 
mented, as well as his correspondence with them, in the released DIA 
documents.

Cathie first approached the US Embassy in Washington in the mid- 
1960s, since which time the DIA kept a file on him. The earliest docu- 
mented memo is from Colonel John Burnett, Air Attache, to the Foreign 
Technology Division at Wright-Patterson AFB, dated 26 August 1965, 
from which I quote the following extract:

Captain Cathie visited with me for about one half hour. I observed this 
New Zealander to be not only rational but intelligent and convinced that 
certain UFOs he and others have seen are from outer space-probably 
Venus. He hesitated in expressing his beliefs re the Venus origin, explain- 
ing that it usually tended to convince people that he was a bit of a crackpot.

The Foreign Technology Division responded by sending Colonel Bur- 
nett a brochure outlining the findings of the Air Force on UFOs, adding: 
"Since no evidence exists that these objects represent interstellar travel 
there is no basis for Captain Cathie's beliefs." Despite the FTD's apparent 
skepticism, Colonel Burnett continued to send them details of Cathie's 
findings and calculations for at least another year.

Bruce Cathie told me that it was Colonel Burnett who revealed that 
intensive UFO research was carried out at Wright-Patterson AFB15, re- 
ferred to in Cathie's second book:

The scientific laboratory there, set up for the purpose, was described as a 
complex of buildings covering a large area and staffed by many of the 
world's top scientists. Experimental work was carried out twenty-four hours 
a day, 365 days a year. At one stage the official [Colonel Burnett] asked 
me if I would consider a trip to America to visit the base. Naturally I said 
I would-any time they cared to put out an invitation. Perhaps the idea 
was vetoed in the States, for I heard no more of this. 
It is difficult to prove such a sensational allegation, but I have no reason 
to doubt Captain Cathie's integrity. Naturally, there is no reference to 
this in any of the DIA documents on him.

By 1967 Colonel Burnett had been replaced by Colonel Lewis Walker, 
who seems to have been less impressed with Cathie's ideas than his 
predecessor. But this did not prevent Walker from forwarding Cathie's 
material to the DIA at the Pentagon. An Intelligence Information Report 
dated 8 February 1968 states:

Captain Cathie is still employed as an aircraft F-27 Friendship pilot by 
National Airways Corporation. . . . His superiors know of his interest and 
activity in UFO's and his forthcoming book "Harmonic 33." He has been 
checked for security reasons and no adverse reports are known. ... He 
admits that many people consider him some kind of nut but he persists in 
his theory. On [ ] January 1968 he came to my office and reported that 
four UFO's had been detected by the Auckland Air Traffic Control ra- 
darscope on [ ] January 1968 at 2335 hours local time. . . . Three objects 
were 15 miles apart in line, with the fourth object in line 30 miles behind 
the three. Relative speed was extremely high. In addition, two UFO's- 
disc-shaped-appeared east of Auckland Airport on the same track as first 
four. Captain Cathie was asked if official reports were submitted on these 
sightings, and he said no, that Civil Aviation personnel had been warned 
not to report any more of these observations. Captain Cathie was advised 
to submit any additional information he might have. . . .

Captain Cathie is a lean, wiry New Zealander, with an apparently above 
average knowledge of mathematics. ... He is intensely sincere in his 
efforts ... he is spending an enormous amount of time and effort trying 
to prove his theory that an overall master plan exists by an alien race- 
purpose not defined.

By May 1968, however, Colonel Walker seems to have become fed 
up with Cathie. A report to the DIA dated 1 May indicates that although 
Cathie was not considered a "nut," on the last three occasions that he 
called at the Defense Attache's office to discuss his latest findings, "These 
conversations were ignored." Cathie had complained that he had been 
put under surveillance and that in April he had been accosted by three 
Americans in Invercargill, who had asked him to accompany them, which 
he refused to do. Cathie believed that these men came from a US Navy 
vessel, but according to Colonel Walker the only US ship that was south 
of Auckland at the time was the USS Eltanin, which was in the Antarctic, 
however. The report concludes:

Capt. Cathie said that he had been cleared by the NZ government to pursue 
his research and that he had a letter to this effect signed by the Prime 
Minister. He stated that the Member of Parliament from his area, 
Dr. Findley, had interceded for him and obtained government approval for his work. He then asked the DATT [Defense Attache] to "call your agents 
off. I have official approval to continue my work. I don't want them tail- 
ing me."

The DATT made no reply to this request. This man is obsessed with 
his theory and no amount of argument can convince him that he has not 
stumbled on a highly complicated system which he says leads directly to 
the existence of UFOs.

I sent copies of these documents to Captain Cathie in 1986, and asked 
him for a comment. "He [Colonel Walker] is only saying that in his 
opinion I am obsessed with my research," he replied, "and that there is 
no way they can talk me out of it. Which is fairly correct, except for the 
word obsessed. My research is my hobby and I find it most interesting.

The evidence which I now have on hand will prove without doubt that 
my unified equations are correct."16


ARGENTINA, 1968

The extent of the DIA's interest in UFO reports can be demonstrated by 
its efficiency in collecting newscuttings on the subject, and a wave of 
sightings in Argentina from June to August 1968 led to the Defense 
Attache in Buenos Aires, Colonel Charles Greffet, forwarding no less 
than twenty-three newsclippings to the Pentagon. It could be argued that 
the DIA is merely the world's most expensive newsclipping agency, or 
that its only concern is with UFO reports that relate to hostile foreign 
aircraft or missiles. While it is obvious that mundane intelligence- 
gathering is the DIA's primary function, many reports, such as the fol- 
lowing summaries, reflect a concern with more exotic UFOs: 
1. La Razon (Buenos Aires) 8 Jun 68-Describes how two experienced 
pilots, 22 and 13 years with Aerolineas Argentinas, saw a UFO while 
flying over Punta Arenas. . . . 
3. Los Principlos (Cordoba) 5 July 68-Outlines details on the invention 
of a geomagnetic and light detector to warn of the presence of UFOs.

Second article, same source, quotes Argentine Commander-in-Chief of 
Navy as suggesting that Argentine armed forces are participating in an 
investigation of UFOs. . . . 
5. Diario del Pueblo (Tandil) 13 July 68-Describes landing of a UFO at 
the Air Force Base at Tandil. . . . 
13. La Razon (Buenos Aires) 26 July 68-Describes attempt by five police- 
men in Olavarria to capture and later shoot three crew members of UFO. . . . 
16. La Razon (Buenos Aires) 27 July 68-Relates new sighting near La 
Pastora, Alvear, and Tapalque. The latter describes the crew and inability 
of machine-gun bullets to affect them. . . . 
22. La Razon 3 Aug 68-Relates argument by a Professor Alexander Eru 
supporting theory of flying saucers. . . .

Colonel Greffet comments: "It is significant to note that a state of concern 
exists [among] the population in many parts of Argentina.'' 
Reference No. 3 mentions the suggestion that the Argentine armed 
forces were participating in an investigation of UFOs. Back in 1964, in 
fact, the volume of sightings had grown so huge that the Argentine Air 
Force set up its own UFO department, known as Division OVNI.17 And 
in 1978 the gendarmeria of Argentina released official police reports of 
sightings (many having occurred in 1968) to the lawyer Antonio Bara- 
giola.18


KOREA, 1970

The following report was received by the DIA from an official of the 
Republic of Korea (ROK) Intelligence Agency:

On 10 and 11 February 1970 a meeting of all commanding officers (CO) 
of ROK Air Force (ROKAF) Security Units (SU) throughout the ROK 
was held at ROKAF Headquarters in SEOUL. ... At that meeting the 
ROKAF Chief of Staff gave those in attendance a highly-classified briefing 
concerning recent sightings of UFOs in KANGWON-do, ROK.

Since the beginning of 1970 ROKAF radar stations along the eastern 
coast of the ROK in KANGWON-do have been sighting (detecting) ma- 
neuvers of large balloon-shaped objects at high altitude just north of the 
extreme Eastern Sector of the Korean DMZ [Demilitarized Zone]. On 
several occasions these UFOs, which the ROKAF officials are assuming 
to be dirigibles because of their shape and speed, have penetrated ROK 
air space, traveled in a southeasterly direction over KANGWON-do and 
then exploded. ROK efforts to recover debris subsequent to the explosions 
have been unsuccessful.

The ROKAF Chief of Staff speculated that if current maneuvers of the 
UFOs prove to be successful, then NK [North Korea] may use the self- 
propelled balloons for dropping agents, propaganda, or even epidemic 
germs into the ROK. His briefing and speculation caused consternation 
THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 317 
among the ROKAF SU (Security Units] CO's because this was the first 
report they had had of such penetrations.

The most likely explanation for these "UFOs" is that they were North 
Korean reconnaissance balloons, as the report suggests, yet there were 
some puzzling factors, such as the lack of recovered debris. An evaluation 
of the report was requested, but this has not been included in the released 
DIA documents. I recall that antiaircraft guns opened fire on the UFOs 
when they made an appearance over the Blue House, the Korean Presi- 
dent's official residence, but no hits were scored.


SPAIN, 1973-74

A wave of sightings in Spain in 1973-74 attracted DIA attention, and 
Captain Richard Fox, Acting Defense Attache in Madrid, forwarded sum- 
maries of twenty-nine sightings which had been translated from local 
newspaper reports. Fox pointed out that the reports had not been checked 
for their validity but that the data was being forwarded "strictly for 
information of those parties interested."

One of the sightings was witnessed on 23 March 1974 by the chauffeur 
of the President of the Cadiz Provincial Commission on a highway near 
Sanlucar do Barrameda. A luminous, metallic object "moved up with 
great brilliancy. As observer approached object, he felt a strange sen- 
sation. His car finally came practically to a stop, wavering back and forth 
like a feather."

Another interesting report was made by a truck driver at Valdehijaderos 
on the night of 27 March 1974 who allegedly saw: 
. . . three silver ships parked on the highway with light similar to floodlight.

Observer stopped motor of his car and some figures approached him. He 
ran, frightened, and they followed him. He threw himself into a gutter.

His pursuers passed within 2 meters and he saw them. They were about 
2 meters tall, had arms and legs but he did not see their faces. After they 
passed he returned to the truck. The beings returned to observe him again, 
then they entered their ships and left. Next day the Guardia Civil made 
an investigation. They found a hole in the ground, which the truck driver 
said he had not made.

Captain Fox commented: "It is of interest to note that in April of this 
year teams of extrasensory perception specialists held a meeting in Malaga 
for the purpose of scientifically studying the UFOs seen in that vicinity.
Results of this meeting unknown."

In 1976 the Spanish government opened its files on UFOs to Juan Jose 
Benitez, a reporter on La Gaceta del Norte, who had been invited to 
Madrid by the Air Ministry. On 20 October, in an office of an Air Force 
lieutenant general who was Chief of Staff, Benitez was handed a file of 
seventy-eight folio pages containing documentation on twelve of their 
best cases, as well as photographic material including film taken by 
Spanish Air Force pilots, which had hitherto been secret.19


PAKISTAN/AFGHANISTAN/USSR, 1974

A DIA Intelligence Information Report, with the delightful subject head- 
ing "Balls of Fire," contains a report translated from an Urdu language 
newspaper describing a sighting in December 1974:

According to a statement by Mr. Mohammad Riaz, Executive Engineer 
Pakistan PWD, Warsak, who was in Patan area at about 7 p.m. on Dec. 
18, a circular light appeared above the V shaped mountain overlooking 
the approach to Patan. The circle around the light went on expanding. As 
the circle expanded the light emanating from it became less and less. At 
first he thought it was a reflection from the moon but the moon was in a 
different position. He said that the circular light went on expanding for 
about 15 to 25 minutes. Eight days after the appearance of this light, the 
area was shaken by the earthquake. At the time he saw the light, those 
present along with him were: Rasul Khan, Executive Engineer, Captain 
Tariq, a doctor, Mr. Farooq Khan, an officer of the Frontier Constabulary.

The General Staff Army Attache who prepared the report comments 
that "ARMA has discussed these reports with DATT/ARMA Afghanistan 
who says that he has not heard of any such reports in Kabul. However, 
he has jokingly suggested that the phenomenon may simply have been 
sightings of Santa Claus preparing for Christmas. Despite DAO Kabul's 
skepticism we would appreciate an evaluation from DIA." The DIA's 
evaluation has not been made available, but the sighting, in my opinion, 
almost certainly relates to a barium cloud experiment, released into the 
upper atmosphere by rocket.


IRAN, 1976

One of the most important DIA documents is that describing the sensa- 
tional sighting by the crew of Imperial Iranian Air Force Phantom jets 
who encountered a UFO over Tehran in September 1976, when one of 
the jets attempted to fire a guided missile at it. The report was sent by 
the Defense Attache at the US Embassy in Tehran to the DIA. The 
distribution list included the White House, Secretary of State, National 
Security Agency, and of course the CIA:

A. AT ABOUT 1230 A.M. ON 19 SEP 76 THE IMPERIAL IRANIAN AIR FORCE 
IIAF) COMMAND POST RECEIVED FOUR TELEPHONE CALLS FROM CIT- 
IZENS LIVING IN THE SHEMIRAN AREA OF TEHRAN SAYING THAT 
THEY HAD SEEN STRANGE OBJECTS IN THE SKY. SOME REPORTED A 
KIND OF BIRD-LIKE OBJECT WHILE OTHERS REPORTED A HELICOPTER 
WITH A LIGHT ON. THERE WERE NO HELICOPTERS AIRBORNE AT THAT 
TIME. THE COMMAND POST CALLED BG YOUSEFI, ASSISTANT DEPUTY 
COMMANDER OF OPERATIONS. AFTER HE TOLD THE CITIZEN IT WAS 
ONLY STARS AND HAD TALKED TO MEHRABAD TOWER HE DECIDED 
TO LOOK FOR HIMSELF. HE NOTICED AN OBJECT IN THE SKY SIMILAR 
TO A STAR BIGGER AND BRIGHTER. HE DECIDED TO SCRAMBLE AN F- 
4 FROM SHAHROKHI AFB TO INVESTIGATE.

B. AT 0130 HRS ON THE 19TH THE F-4 TOOK OFF AND PROCEEDED TO 
A POINT ABOUT 40 NM NORTH OF TEHRAN. DUE TO ITS BRILLIANCE 
THE OBJECT WAS EASILY VISIBLE FROM 70 MILES AWAY. AS THE F-4

APPROACHED A RANGE OF 25 NM HE LOST ALL INSTRUMENTATION 
AND COMMUNICATIONS (UHF AND INTERCOM). HE BROKE OFF THE 
INTERCEPT AND HEADED BACK TO SHAHROKHI. WHEN THE F-4 TURNED 
AWAY FROM THE OBJECT AND APPARENTLY WAS NO LONGER A THREAT 
TO IT THE AIRCRAFT REGAINED ALL INSTRUMENTATION AND COM- 
MUNICATIONS. AT 0140 HRS A SECOND F-4 WAS LAUNCHED. THE BACK- 
SEATER ACQUIRED A RADAR LOCK ON AT 27 NM, 12 O'CLOCK HIGH 
POSITION WITH THE VC (RATE OF CLOSURE) AT 150 NMPH. AS THE 
RANGE DECREASED TO 25 NM THE OBJECT MOVED AWAY AT A SPEED 
THAT WAS VISIBLE ON THE RADARSCOPE AND STAYED AT 25 NM.

C. THE SIZE OF THE RADAR RETURN WAS COMPARABLE TO THAT OF 
A 707 TANKER. THE VISUAL SIZE OF THE OBJECT WAS DIFFICULT TO 
DISCERN BECAUSE OF ITS INTENSE BRILLIANCE. THE LIGHT THAT IT 
GAVE OFF WAS THAT OF FLASHING STROBE LIGHTS ARRANGED IN A 
RECTANGULAR PATTERN AND ALTERNATING BLUE, GREEN, RED AND 
ORANGE IN COLOR. THE SEQUENCE OF THE LIGHTS WAS SO FAST 
THAT ALL THE COLORS COULD BE SEEN AT ONCE. THE OBJECT AND 
THE PURSUING F-4 CONTINUED ON A COURSE TO THE SOUTH OF 
TEHRAN WHEN ANOTHER BRIGHTLY LIGHTED OBJECT, ESTIMATED TO 
BE ONE HALF TO ONE THIRD THE APPARENT SIZE OF THE MOON, 
CAME OUT OF THE ORIGINAL OBJECT. THIS SECOND OBJECT HEADED 
STRAIGHT TOWARD THE F-4 AT A VERY FAST RATE OF SPEED. THE 
PILOT ATTEMPTED TO FIRE AN AIM-9 MISSILE AT THE OBJECT BUT AT 
THAT INSTANT HIS WEAPONS CONTROL PANEL WENT OFF AND HE 
LOST ALL COMMUNICATIONS (UHF AND INTERPHONE). AT THIS POINT 
THE PILOT INITIATED A TURN AND NEGATIVE G DIVE TO GET AWAY.
AS HE TURNED THE OBJECT FELL IN TRAIL AT WHAT APPEARED TO 
BE ABOUT 3-4 NM. AS HE CONTINUED IN HIS TURN AWAY FROM THE 
PRIMARY OBJECT THE SECOND OBJECT WENT TO THE INSIDE OF HIS 
TURN THEN RETURNED TO THE PRIMARY OBJECT FOR A PERFECT 
REJOIN.

D. SHORTLY AFTER THE SECOND OBJECT JOINED UP WITH THE PRI- 
MARY OBJECT ANOTHER OBJECT APPEARED TO COME OUT OF THE 
OTHER SIDE OF THE PRIMARY OBJECT GOING STRAIGHT DOWN, AT A 
GREAT RATE OF SPEED. THE F-4 CREW HAD REGAINED COMMUNICA- 
TIONS AND THE WEAPONS CONTROL PANEL AND WATCHED THE OB- 
JECT APPROACH THE GROUND ANTICIPATING A LARGE EXPLOSION.
THIS OBJECT APPEARED TO COME TO REST GENTLY ON THE EARTH 
AND CAST A VERY BRIGHT LIGHT OVER AN AREA OF ABOUT 2-3
KILOMETERS. THE CREW DESCENDED FROM THEIR ALTITUDE OF 26M 
TO 15M AND CONTINUED TO OBSERVE AND MARK THE OBJECT'S PO- 
SITION. THEY HAD SOME DIFFICULTY IN ADJUSTING THEIR NIGHT 
VISIBILITY FOR LANDING SO AFTER ORBITING MEHRABAD A FEW TIMES 
THEY WENT OUT FOR A STRAIGHT IN LANDING. THERE WAS A LOT 
OF INTERFERENCE ON THE UHF AND EACH TIME THEY PASSED THROUGH 
A MAG. BEARING OF 150 DEGREE FROM MEHRABAD THEY LOST THEIR 
COMMUNICATIONS (UHF AND INTERPHONE) AND THE INS FLUC- 
TUATED FROM 30 DEGREES-50 DEGREES. THE ONE CIVIL AIRLINER 
THAT WAS APPROACHING MEHRABAD DURING THIS SAME TIME EX- 
PERIENCED COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE IN THE SAME VICINITY (KILO 
ZULU) BUT DID NOT REPORT SEEING ANYTHING. WHILE THE F-4 WAS 
ON A LONG FINAL APPROACH THE CREW NOTICED ANOTHER CYLIN- 
DER SHAPED OBJECT (ABOUT THE SIZE OF A T-BIRD AT 10M) WITH 
BRIGHT STEADY LIGHTS ON EACH END AND A FLASHER IN THE MIDDLE.
WHE N QUERIED THE TOWER STATED THERE WAS NO OTHER KNOWN 
TRAFFIC IN THE AREA. DURING THE TIME THE OBJECT PASSED OVER 
THE F-4 THE TOWER DID NOT HAVE A VISUAL ON IT BUT PICKED IT 
UP AFTER THE PILOT TOLD THEM TO LOOK BETWEEN THE MOUNTAINS 
AND THE REFINERY.

E. DURING DAYLIGHT THE F-4 CREW WAS TAKEN OUT TO THE AREA 
IN A HELICOPTER WHERE THE OBJECT APPARENTLY HAD LANDED.
NOTHING WAS NOTICED AT THE SPOT WHERE THEY THOUGHT THE 
OBJECT LANDED (A DRY LAKE BED) BUT AS THEY CIRCLED OFF TO 
THE WEST OF THE AREA THEY PICKED UP A VERY NOTICEABLE BEEPER 
SIGNAL. AT THE POINT WHERE THE RETURN WAS THE LOUDEST WAS 
A SMALL HOUSE WITH A GARDEN. THEY LANDED AND ASKED THE 
PEOPLE WITHIN IF THEY HAD NOTICED ANYTHING STRANGE LAST 
NIGHT. THE PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT A LOUD NOISE AND A VERY 
BRIGHT LIGHT LIKE LIGHTNING. THE AIRCRAFT AND AREA WHERE 
THE OBJECT IS BELIEVED TO HAVE LANDED ARE BEING CHECKED FOR 
POSSIBLE RADIATION. RO COMMENTS: (C) ACTUAL INFORMATION CON- 
TAINED IN THIS REPORT WAS OBTAINED FROM SOURCE IN CONVER- 
SATION WITH A SUB-SOURCE, AND IIAF PILOT OF ONE OF THE F-4S.
MORE INFORMATION WILL BE FORWARDED WHEN IT BECOMES 
AVAILABLE.

This exceptional report was originally released to Charles Huffer in 
1977, although he had initially been denied the document. Attached to 
it was a DIA Defense Information Report Evaluation, a rarity among 
documents released by the Agency. The concluding comments are re- 
markable:

An outstanding report. This case is a classic which meets all the criteria 
necessary for a valid study of the UFO phenomenon: 
a) The object was seen by multiple witnesses from different locations 
(i.e. Shamiran, Mehrabad, and the dry lake bed) and viewpoints (both 
airborne and from the ground).
b) The credibility of many of the witnesses was high (an Air Force 
general, qualified aircrews, and experienced tower operators).
c) Visual sightings were confirmed by radar.
d) Similar electromagnetic effects (EME) were reported by three sep- 
arate aircraft.
e) There were physiological effects on some crew members (i.e. loss 
of night vision due to the brightness of the object).
f) An inordinate amount of maneuverability was displayed by the UFOs.20

It is perhaps not without significance that the DIA chose to exclude this 
evaluation in the set of documents released to Ray Boeche, although they 
included the actual intelligence report. One wonders just how many other 
positive evaluations remain classified in the DIA files at the Pentagon.


TEHRAN, 1978

Further sightings in Iran interested the DIA in 1978. The following case, 
though not acquired through official sources, merits inclusion here. The 
report was sent by the local Defense Attache's office to the Joint Chiefs 
of Staff at the Department of Defense, Pentagon, this being the normal 
routing for foreign intelligence reports. As with the previous case, the 
distribution list included the Secretary of State, National Security Agency, 
and the CIA. The report was quoted from the Iranian English language 
newspaper, Tehran Journal, dated 18 July 1978:

An unidentified flying object was seen by a number of people in the northern 
part of the city on Sunday night. Officials from the control tower at Mehra- 
bad Airport and a Lufthansa aircrew also reported unusual readings on 
their instruments.

Residents in northern Tehran were the first to spot the strange glowing 
object floating toward Saveh. They had been sleeping on the terraces of 
their houses, and immediately informed the control tower at Mehrabad 
Airport and the National Radio Network. The control tower confirmed the 
existence of the object but would give no further details. Soon afterward, 
the Lufthansa plane sent in its report.

A similar flying object was seen last April by a local airline pilot, who 
claimed that he had photographed the object, but could not release pho- 
tographs until the security division of the civil aviation authorities gave 
their permission. He claimed that while flying between Ahvaz and Tehran 
at 24,000 feet, he and his co-pilot had sighted a glittering object and had 
managed to photograph it. A Mehrabad radar control official said that on 
that occasion they had detected an object some 20 times the size of a 
jumbo jet on their screens.

Civil Aviation Organization chief has . . . called for an investigation 
but the results of this inquiry have not yet been made public.

An eye witness said yesterday that he was alone on his balcony on 
Sunday night when suddenly he saw the object emerge in the sky and 
hover directly above him. "I was so upset that I wanted to scream, but 
could not do so," he said. He added that he felt better once he realized 
that his neighbors had also seen it.


BOLIVIA, 1979

An unevaluated DIA intelligence report, titled "Moon Dust-Object 
Found Near Santa Cruz," describes an intriguing story of an unidentified 
object which was recovered on a farm near Santa Cruz, Bolivia, in August 
1979. The object was "possibly a fuel tank or part of a satellite," ac- 
cording to the Defense Attache at the US Embassy in La Paz, yet seems 
to have remained unidentified. Furthermore, there had been a similar 
occurrence in Bolivia in May 1978 which led to an interesting exchange 
of cables between the Embassy and the State Department. In this earlier 
case, Secretary of State Cyrus Vance replied in a secret cable that, having 
checked with the appropriate government agencies, "*No direct correlation 
with known space objects that may have entered the earth's atmosphere 
near May 6 can be made."21

According to the DIA report, a strange object was found on a^farm 
near Santa Cruz on 16 August 1979, which was about seventy centimeters 
in diameter and two meters in circumference with a hole in one side and 
a metal skin covering of about a half-inch thickness. The El Deber news- 
paper of 17 August quoted Colonel Ariel Coca, Director of the Bolivian 
Air Force Academy, as saying that the sphere was made of a special light 
alloy, but very resistant, and had no signs or marks that could identify 
its origin. Colonel Coca said that he would inform his superiors about 
"the phenomenon" so that a study could be made to determine its origin, 
and an analysis made in case it was radioactive. An accompanying pho- 
tograph showed the colonel examining the sphere, which had a hole in 
it measuring about nine inches in diameter. The DIA report added that 
a movie film and color prints of the object would be forwarded to the 
Agency's DT-3 division (Technical Data and Foreign Material Branch, 
Directorate of Scientific and Technical Intelligence).

Another such object was discovered on the same day, according to El 
Diario of 19 August. This second one was found 200 kilometers north 
of Santa Cruz by Gonzalo Menacho Viveras, who heard a whistling sound 
and saw a "fireball," followed by an explosion. After dawn on the Friday 
morning the witness started looking around the area of impact and found 
a sphere. Since it was not heavy he took it home and kept it there until 
his friend Nataniel Hurtado learned of the other sphere in Cotoca and 
passed on information about the second object. He said that the following 
evening a "silent aircraft" with three lights was seen flying over the 
explosion site.

Although the witnesses in both cases reported the objects as "fire- 
balls," no signs of impact could be seen in the areas where they were 
discovered, and the spheres appeared to have landed smoothly. The 
witness who discovered the second sphere said that there were some 
burned plants in the immediate area but no sign of impact on the soft 
ground. The object weighed about six kilograms and had a diameter of 
eighty centimeters. The outside metal was similar to copper, and had 
apparently been exposed to very high temperatures. It was made of two 
pieces joined without any signs of rivets and had a hole of irregular 
shape in the top and next to it another small round hole. In both these 
the material had melted and at the end of the sphere there was a round 
area that looked like "a cork in a bottle held in place by three semi- 
melted screws." An explosion had apparently destroyed the interior of 
the spheres.

The DIA has not released any evaluation of these cases, although it 
is doubtful if the objects were anything other than terrestrial in origin, 
despite a few puzzling factors. 


PERU, 1980

Last but certainly not least of the DIA documents relates to two sightings 
by Peruvian Air Force personnel in May 1980, including the interception 
and attempted destruction of a UFO. The source of information was a 
Peruvian Air Force officer who, according to the US Air Attache in Lima, 
"observed the event and is in a position to be party to conversation 
concerning the event. Source has reported reliably in the past." The 
details of this extraordinary case are as follows:

SOURCE TOLD RO ABOUT THE SPOTTING OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING 
OBJECT IN THE VICINITY OF MARIANO MELGAR AIR BASE, LA JOYA, 
(PERU 16805S, 0715306W). SOURCE STATED THAT THE VEHICLE WAS SPOT- 
TED ON TWO DIFFERENT OCCASIONS. THE FIRST WAS DURING THE 
MORNING HOURS OF 9 MAY 80, AND THE SECOND DURING THE EARLY 
EVENING HOURS OF 10 MAY 80.

SOURCE STATED THAT ON 9 MAY, WHILE A GROUP OF FAP [PERU- 
VIAN AIR FORCE] OFFICERS WERE IN FORMATION AT MARIANO MAL- 
GAR [sic], THEY SPOTTED A UFO THAT WAS ROUND IN SHAPE, HOVERING 
NEAR THE AIRFIELD. THE AIR COMMANDER SCRAMBLED AN SU-22 
[Sukhoi] AIRCRAFT TO MAKE AN INTERCEPT. THE PILOT, ACCORDING 
TO A THIRD PARTY, INTERCEPTED THE VEHICLE AND FIRED UPON IT 
AT VERY CLOSE RANGE WITHOUT CAUSING ANY APPARENT DAMAGE.

THE PILOT TRIED TO MAKE A SECOND PASS ON THE VEHICLE, BUT 
THE UFO OUT RAN THE SU-22.

THE SECOND SIGHTING WAS DURING THE HOURS OF DARKNESS.

THE VEHICLE WAS LIGHTED. AGAIN AN SU-22 WAS SCRAMBLED, BUT 
THE VEHICLE OUT-RAN THE AIRCRAFT. . .

RO HAS HEARD DISCUSSION ABOUT THE SIGHTING FROM OTHER 
SOURCES. APPARENTLY SOME VEHICLE WAS SPOTTED, BUT ITS ORIGIN 
REMAINS UNKNOWN.

The Defense Attache did not request an evaluation from the DIA, 
presumably because it was obvious that a genuine UFO was involved 
and there would have been little point in further commentary. The dis- 
tribution list for the report included, again, the National Security Agency, 
Secretary of State and the CIA. In view of the CIA's statement to me 
that "there is no organized Central Intelligence Agency effort to do 
research in connection with the UFO phenomena, nor has there been an 
organized effort to collect intelligence on UFOs since the 1950s," one 
wonders why the CIA remained on the DIA distribution list from the 
period 1976-80, unless the CIA's qualifying rider that they have received 
"various kinds of reports of UFO sightings" since the 1950s would 
account for this inconsistency.22

Another puzzling factor is the complete absence of British and Aus- 
tralian reports among the declassified DIA documents. Britain and Aus- 
tralia have had an enormous number of sightings over the years, as we 
have seen. Are we to conclude that some of these reports-especially 
the military ones-are of no interest to the Agency? 1 do not believe this 
for one moment, and am convinced that there is an agreement between 
the DIA and British as well as Australian defense intelligence chiefs not 
to include such documentation in the released Freedom of Information 
cases. There is a very close liaison, for example, between the DIA and 
the Ministry of Defense, via the Defense Intelligence Agency Liaison in 
London (DIALL), which has its office in the MoD's main building in 
Whitehall.23 In view of Britain's "special relationship" with the DIA, 
CIA, and NSA, it seems logical to me that UFO reports of significance 
would be passed on to the DIA by the MoD, just as reports would also 
be forwarded to the NSA by Government Communications Headquarters 
(GCHQ), Britain's equivalent of the NSA which works hand in glove 
with that Agency. The British government-having as yet no Freedom 
of Information Act-is anxious not to compromise its official position 
vis-a-vis the UFO controversy, but I am reliably informed that there is 
a close interchange of information on the subject by the relevant agencies.

Despite some obviously significant reports, the DIA has not released 
any worthwhile analyses, with the exception of the 1976 Tehran case.

This is probably at the request of the Director of Central Intelligence, 
who in addition to being head of the CIA manages the entire community 
of intelligence agencies throughout the US government. Admiral Stans- 
field Turner, Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) during the Carter 
administration, is scathing about the DIA's analytic product, however, 
which he describes as "well below the caliber of the rest of the Intelligence 
Community."24 Admiral Turner also points out that the CIA's analytic 
work competes with that of the DIA and other intelligence agencies, and 
leaves us in no doubt that the CIA is superior in this respect. Unlike 
the CIA, the DIA cannot present its analyses directly to the National 
Security Council, although the Secretary of Defense can, if he chooses, 
present DIA estimates that differ from those of the CIA.26 Of course, 
neither agency is prepared to release its analyses of the UFO phenomenon, 
so we are forced to draw our own conclusions from the released docu- 
ments. Perhaps we should be grateful for these. At the same time, the 
DIA denied for years that they possessed any documents on UFOs other 
than those few they released in the late 1970s; further evidence that 
governments worldwide are reluctant to acknowledge their serious con- 
cern with the ubiquitous UFO phenomenon. 


=========================================================================
14. THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
 
The Central Intelligence Agency is America's equivalent of the British 
Secret Intelligence Service (SIS or MI6) and was formed, with Britain's 
help, out of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and the Central In- 
telligence Group in 1947. The CIA officially employs a staff of about 
16,000, but this figure does not take into account its foreign agents or 
the thousands of contracted personnel, neither does it include subsidiary 
staff from other branches of the US government. It has an estimated 
annual budget of $1 billion.

The CIA is divided into four Directorates, each Directorate containing 
many different offices and services. The Directorate of Operations over- 
sees foreign intelligence (espionage) as well as counterintelligence, and 
includes the Covert Action Staff (disinformation and propaganda;. The 
Directorate of Science and Technology monitors scientific and technical 
developments in foreign countries, and includes the Office of SIGINT 
(Signals Intelligence) operations, the Foreign Broadcast Information Ser- 
vice and the National Photographic Interpretation Center. The Directorate 
of Intelligence is largely responsible for the analysis of intelligence, with 
offices of analysis for the Soviet Union, Europe, Near East and South 
Asia, Africa and Latin America. It also includes the Office of Scientific 
and Weapons Research, the Office of Imagery Analysis, and the Office 
of Global Issues. The Directorate of Administration is responsible for 
personnel, training, finance, medical services, security, logistics and com- 
munications.1

Above these four Directorates is the National Intelligence Council 
(formerly the Intelligence Resources Advisory Committee) which coor- 
dinates the various methods of intelligence-gathering according to the 
priorities assigned to the requests that are presented to it. At the same 
level of authority are the national intelligence officers who prepare the 
national intelligence estimates which go to the National Security Council 
and sometimes to the President.

According to Todd Zechel, a former employee of the National Security 
Agency, all four directorates of the CIA have been engaged in collecting, 
analyzing and suppressing UFO data since 1948. Zechel claims that the 
National Photographic Interpretation Center, established within the Di- 
rectorate of Science and Technology in 1953, has been analyzing all UFO 
photographic data, and the Office of Scientific Intelligence (as it was then 
called) has been analyzing worldwide UFO data since its inception, in- 
cluding nonphotographic cases, physical evidence and secondary analysis 
of photographic cases.

Zechel further claims that domestic reports were collected by the CIA 
from the Air Force, via the Pentagon's Office of Current Intelligence, 
and from other intelligence agencies such as the NSA and Defense In- 
telligence Agency, via links with their communications networks. Do- 
mestic reports have been collected from the CIA's Domestic Operations 
Division (Domestic Collection Division) offices in cities throughout the 
United States, Zechel maintains. Foreign reports were collected by the 
National Foreign Assessment Center via the Foreign Broadcast Infor- 
mation Service, the Office of Current Intelligence and the Office of Op- 
erations, as these departments were called until the 1970s.

Zechel also makes the disturbing claim that agents of the CIA's Di- 
rectorate of Operations have interrogated UFO witnesses and that agents 
of the Domestic Operations Division have been involved in harassing, 
intimidating and even silencing witnesses.3 Is there any evidence for these 
claims, which were made by Zechel in 1977.


THE CIA AND THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 

It is largely due to the efforts of Todd Zechel, together with William 
Spaulding of Ground Saucer Watch (GSW), an Arizona-based UFO re- 
search organization4, that almost 1,000 pages of CIA UFO-related doc- 
uments were released under provisions of the Freedom of Information 
Act (FOIA) in 1978, following months of legal battles. Henry Rothblatt 
and Peter Gersten, two New York lawyers who acted on GSW's behalf, 
had sued the CIA in 1977 under the FOIA in a successful attempt to 
force the Agency to release its files on UFOs. On 20 December 1978 a 
press release announcing "CIA Releases UFO Documents" was distrib- 
uted to the news media in Washington, DC. It had been prepared by 
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), an organization founded a few 
months previously by Todd Zechel.5

There are believed to be over 10,000 pages of classified UFO docu- 
ments at the CIA's headquarters in Langley, Virginia, yet the Agency 
has admitted to withholding only fifty-seven documents. Peter Gersten 
told me in 1980 that the CIA failed to disclose the existence of 200 or 
more documents, based on references in the released documents. Perhaps 
this can be explained by the fact that in 1980 the House of Representatives 
passed the Foreign Affairs Committee Bill, which effectively exempted 
the CIA from the majority of requirements flooding into it under the 
FOIA.6 And yet, out of nine exemptions to the FOIA, not one pertains 
to UFO records. When researchers such as myself request certain UFO 
records from the CIA, NSA, DIA, and other agencies, we are often told 
that they are exempt from release due to national security or that "records 
cannot be released because they have been destroyed" or that "the in- 
formation is properly classified and cannot be released." How curious, 
then, that the official US Air Force position is that "no UFO reported, 
investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication 
of a threat to our national security."7


THE RELEASED CIA DOCUMENTS 

The CIA's public position on UFOs-prior to the release of the docu- 
ments-is best summed up in a letter to Bill Spaulding, dated 26 March 
1976:

In order that you may be aware of the true facts concerning the involvement 
of the CIA in the investigation of the UFO phenomena, let me give you 
the following brief history. Late in 1952, the National Security Council 
levied upon the CIA the requirement to determine if the existence of UFOs 
would create a danger to the security of the United States. The Office of 
Scientific Intelligence established the Intelligence Advisory Committee to 
study the matter. That committee made the recommendations [inJ the 
Robertson Panel Report. At no time prior to the formation of the Robertson 
Panel and subsequent to this issuance of the panel's report [January 1953], 
has the CIA engaged in the study of UFO phenomena. The Robertson 
Panel Report is the summation of the Agency's interest and involvement 
in this matter.

The released documents, most of which are in my possession, cate- 
gorically show that the CIA's interest in UFOs predates the National 
Security Council directive to set up the Robertson Panel. It was in fact 
the CIA that urged the NSC to conduct the investigation, as is evident 
from the following extracts taken from a four-page memorandum to the 
Director of the CIA (DCI), General Walter Bedell Smith, from H. Mar- 
shall Chadwell, Assistant Director of Scientific Intelligence, dated 24
September 1952:

1. Recently an inquiry was conducted by the Office of Scientific Intelligence 
to determine whether there are national security implications in the problem 
of "unidentified flying objects," i.e. flying saucers; whether adequate study 
and research is currently being directed to this problem in its relation to such 
national security implications; and what further investigation and research 
should be instituted, by whom, and under what aegis. 
2. It was found that the only unit of government currently studying the 
problem is the Directorate of Intelligence, USAF, which has charged the Air 
Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) with the responsibility for investigating 
the reports of sightings. . . . A worldwide reporting system has been instituted 
and major Air Force bases have been ordered to make interceptions of uni- 
dentified flying objects. . . . 
3. Since 1947, ATIC has received approximately 1500 official reports of 
sightings. . . . During 1952 alone, official reports totaled 250. Of the 1500 
reports, Air Force carries 20 percent as unexplained and of those received 
from January through July 1952 it carries 28 percent unexplained. . . . 
4. . . . public concern with the phenomena. . . indicates that a fair proportion 
of our population is mentally conditioned to the acceptance of the incredible.

In this fact lies the potential for the touching-off of mass hysteria and panic. . . . 
8. ... In order to minimize risk of panic, a national policy should be es- 
tablished as to what should be told the public regarding the phenomena. . . . 
11. I consider this problem to be of such importance that it should be brought 
to the attention of the National Security Council in order that a community- 
wide coordinated effort toward its solution may be initiated.

Although Marshall Chadwell states in paragraph 2 that "the only unit 
of government currently studying the problem is the Directorate of In- 
telligence, USAF," the CIA had been closely monitoring the phenomenon 
since 1947, as the released documents show. According to investigative 
journalist Warren Smith the CIA first became interested in UFO reports 
prior to its establishment in 1947, when it was known as the Office of 
Strategic Services (OSS), headed by Major General William ("Wild 
Bill") Donovan. The "foo-fighters" were being sighted in increasing 
numbers during the latter stages of World War II, and the OSS was at 
first convinced that they were German pilotless probes. Investigation by 
OSS agents in Europe proved otherwise, and Donovan and his staff 
decided that the foo-fighters were unusual but harmless phenomena.

Shortly after pilot Kenneth Arnold's famous sighting on 24 June 1947, 
Smith was told, the OSS met at the prestigious Brooks Club in New York 
and organized a funded effort to establish the truth about the flying disks.

At first it was believed that the Russians were responsible, assisted by 
captured German scientists, but certain characteristics of the reports ne- 
gated this theory. The OSS was concerned that such sightings could cause 
panic, and that phone lines and military communication channels would 
be swamped. The flying saucers had to be debunked. Psychological war- 
fare and propaganda were brought to bear, using hoaxes, false sightings 
and wild reports. Articles ridiculing flying saucers were planted in national 
newspapers and magazines.8

A CIA memorandum dated 31 March 1949 from H. L. Bowers to Dr. Machle, 
with the subject heading "Notes and Comments on 'Unidentified 
Flying Objects'-Project Sign" (an early US Air Force study), con- 
cluded:

Studies on the various possibilities have been made by Dr. Langmuir of 
GE, Dr. Valley of MIT, Dr. Lipp of Project Rand, Dr. Hynek of Ohio 
State and the Aero Medical Lab.

That the objects are from outer space or are an advanced aircraft of a 
foreign power is a possibility, but the above group have concluded that it 
is highly improbable.

In discussion of this subject with Mr. Deyarmond at Wright Patterson 
Air Force Base, he seemed to think, and I agree, that the "flying disks" 
will turn out to be another "sea-serpent." However, since there is even a 
remote possibility that they may be interplanetary or foreign aircraft, it is necessary to investigate each sighting.

Proof that the CIA was monitoring the UFO phenomenon for several 
years prior to the Robertson Panel in 1953 is contained in several doc- 
uments. One, classified Eyes Only, is a memorandum from Ralph L.

Clark, Acting Assistant Director for the Office of Scientific Intelligence, 
to the Deputy Director of Intelligence, dated 29 July 1952:

In the past several weeks a number of radar and visual sightings of uniden- 
tified aerial objects have been reported. Although this office has maintained 
a continuing review of such reported sightings during the past three years, 
a special study group has been formed to review this subject to date. O/ 
CI [Office of Central Intelligence] will participate in this study with O/SI 
[Office of Scientific Intelligence] and a report should be ready about 15
August. [Emphasis added] 

Another document, an informal memorandum written only a few days 
later, was from Edward Tauss, then Acting Chief of the Weapons and 
Equipment Division of the Office of Scientific Intelligence, to the Deputy 
Assitant Director of the OSI. Although expressing skepticism about the 
reliability of even the unexplained reports, Tauss nevertheless adds: 
... so long as a series of reports remains "unexplainable" (interplanetary 
aspects and alien origin not being thoroughly excluded from consideration) 
caution requires that intelligence continue coverage of the subject. ... It 
is recommended that CIA surveillance of subject matter, in coordination 
with proper authorities of primarily operational concern at ATIC, be con- 
tinued. It is strongly urged, however, that no indication of CIA interest 
or concern reach the press or public, in view of their probable alarmist 
tendencies to accept such interest as "confirmatory" of the soundness of 
unpublished facts" in the hands of the U.S. government. [Emphasis 
added] 

The CIA special study group was established in August 1952, and the 
documents relating to the briefing make interesting reading, and were 
classified secret at the time. The first is dated 14 August:

During the past weeks, with the phenomenal increase in the number of 
Flying Saucer reports there has been a tremendous stimulation of both 
public and official interest in the subject. Requests for information have 
poured in on the Air Force, including an official query from the White 
House. . . .

At this point, OSI felt that it would be timely to make an evaluation 
of the Air Force study, its methodology and coverage, the relation of its 
conclusions to various theories which have been propounded, and to try 
to reach some conclusion as to the intelligence implications of the 
problem-if any. In view of the wide interest within the Agency, this 
briefing has been arranged so that we could report on the survey. It must 
be mentioned that outside knowledge of Agency interest in Flying Saucers 
carries the risk of making the problem even more serious in the public 
mind than it already is, which we and the Air Force agree must be avoided. 
[Emphasis added] 
The report adds that "we have reviewed our own intelligence, going 
back to the Swedish sightings of 1946," and lists the various types of 
UFO reported to the Air Force:

Grouped broadly as visual, radar, and combined visual and radar, ATIC 
has two major visual classes-first, spherical or elliptical objects, usually 
of bright metallic luster, some small (2 or 3 feet across), most estimated 
at 100 foot diameter and a few 1000 feet wide. There are variants in this 
group, such as torpedos, triangulars, pencils, even mattress-shapes. These 
are all daylight reportings. 
The second visual group, all night reporting, consists of lights and 
various luminosities, such as green, flaming-red or blue-white fire balls, 
moving points of light, and luminous streamers.

Both categories are reported as single objects, in non-symmetrical groups 
and in formations of various numbers.

Reported characteristics include three general levels of speed: hovering; 
moderate, as with a conventional aircraft; and stupendous, up to 18,000 
miles per hour in the White Sands Incident. Violent maneuvering was 
reported in somewhat less than 10%. Accelerations have been given as 
high as 20 g's. With few exceptions, there has been a complete absence 
of sound or vapor trail. Evasion upon approach is common.

Radars have shown many unidentified "blips" but there is no reported 
instance of complete tracking in and out of the maximum drum, and no 
report of a track from station to station. The blip, in almost every case, 
passed through the center of the scope.

Various instances of radar/visual sightings are cited, including one that 
"occurred a few days ago at Wright Field and has not yet been fully 
analyzed. Two F-94's with cameras were vectored in on a blip. Both 
pilots sighted an object and one locked on with his AI equipment. Reach- 
ing his maximum allowable altitude, he triggered his camera and the 
negative shows 'an object.' "

The CIA reviewed the likelihood that the UFOs were US weapons, 
and concluded that this hypothesis was untenable:

This has been denied officially at the highest level of government and to 
make certain we queried Dr. Whitman, Chairman of the Research and 
Development Board. On a Top Secret basis, he, too, denies it. However, 
in view of the Manhattan District early super security, [relating to the first 
US atom bomb] two factors might be mentioned which tend to confirm 
his denials-first, the official action of alerting all Air Force commands 
to intercept, and second, the unbelievable risk aspect of such flights in 
established airlanes.

The CIA also ruled out the possibility that UFOs were Soviet secret 
weapons. "Though we know that the Russians have done work on el- 
liptical and delta wing principles," the report states, "we have absolutely 
no intelligence of such a technological advance as would be indicated 
here in either design or energy source. Further, there seems to be no 
logical reason for the security risk which would be involved and there 
has been no indication of a reconnaissance pattern."

The extraterrestrial hypothesis was then reviewed by the CIA/OSI 
special study group:

Even though we might admit that intelligent life may exist elsewhere and 
that space travel is possible, there is no shred of evidence to support this 
theory at present. There have been no astronomical observations in 
confirmation-no slightest indication of the orbitting which would prob- 
ably be necessary-and no tracking. However, it might be noted that 
Comdr. McLaughlin (of the White Sands report), a number of General 
Mills balloon people and many others are reported to be convinced of this 
theory.

Although the CIA special study group stated that there was not a shred 
of evidence to support the extraterrestrial hypothesis, a crashed disk was 
in fact recovered at Roswell, New Mexico, in July 1947, which was 
believed by those involved in the investigations to be of nonterrestrial 
origin. However absurd this may seem, there is now massive documen- 
tation on the case, which 1 have reviewed in Chapter 11. But if a disk 
was recovered, why was the CIA not informed about it? Since there is 
evidence that the FBI was familiar with the stories of recovered flying 
disks at the time, this seems rather puzzling. In my view, the explanation 
is that the true facts about the Roswell disk (and possibly others) were 
restricted to the small and highly secret group, Majestic 12, formed to 
investigate and report its findings to the President. One of the members 
was Vice Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, the CIA's first Director (1947- 
50), whose statements attesting to the reality and nonterrestrial origin of 
UFOs appear later in this chapter. Owing to strict compartmentation of 
intelligence, I very much doubt if the 1952 CIA special study group was 
aware of all the evidence in favor of the extraterrestrial hypothesis. I am 
sure that documentation for the reports of recovered disks exists within 
the CIA, but it is highly unlikely that it will be released for a long time 
to come.

As to the CIA special study group's statement that there had been no 
astronomical observations or evidence of orbiting that would tend to 
support the extraterrestrial hypothesis, there is an interesting story related 
by Warren Smith in this connection. Smith was allegedly told by a CIA 
informant that in 1953 the US Air Force developed a sophisticated radar 
tracking system which detected huge unidentified objects orbiting at 100 
to 500 miles above the earth on thirteen different occasions that year.

This alarming information was relayed to the Department of Defense and 
the CIA, and a tracking station was set up at the White Sands Proving 
Grounds, New Mexico, under the direction of the distinguished astron- 
omer Dr. Clyde Tombaugh (who discovered Pluto in 1930 and who had 
himself had several unexplainable sightings of UFOs in the late 1940s). 
Tombaugh confirmed that such a tracking system existed in an article 
published in February 1954 for the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, 
but stated that the project was sponsored by the Army Ordnance Research 
Department to keep an accurate check on "natural phenomena'' in space.9

Finally, there is the 1952 CIA group comment on the fourth major 
theory, then held by the Air Force, that the sightings, given adequate 
data, could be explained on the basis of either misinterpretation of known 
objects, or of as yet poorly understood natural phenomena. This theory 
was endorsed in a lengthy briefing by a Mr. Eng, who nevertheless 
concluded: '*. . . sightings of UFOs reported at Los Alamos and Oak 
Ridge, at a time when the background radiation count had risen inexplic- 
ably. Here we run out of even 'blue yonder' explanations that might be 
tenable, and we still are left with numbers of incredible reports from 
credible observers."

Another review of the CIA/OS I study group's findings is to be found 
in a sanitized copy of a six-page document dated 19 August 1952, orig- 
inally classified secret. The CIA was puzzled not to have found "one 
report or comment, even satirical, in the Russian press. This could result 
only from an official policy decision and of course raises the question of 
why and of whether or not these sightings could be used from a psycho- 
logical warfare point of view either offensively or defensively," and 
continues:

Air Force is aware of this and had investigated a number of the civilian 
groups that have sprung up to follow the subject. One-the Civilian Saucer 
Committee in California has substantial funds, strongly influences the 
editorial policy of a number of newspapers and has leaders whose con- 
nections may be questionable. Air Force is watching this organization 
because of its power to touch off mass hysteria and panic. Perhaps we, 
from an intelligence point of view, should watch for any indication of 
Russian efforts to capitalize upon this present American credulity.

Of even greater moment is the second danger. Our air warning system 
will undoubtedly always depend upon a combination of radar scanning and 
visual observation. We give Russia the capability of delivering an air attack 
against us, yet at any given moment now, there may be current a dozen 
official unidentified sightings plus many unofficial. At the moment of 
attack, how will we, on an instant basis, distinguish hardware from phan- 
tom? The answer of course [deleted in original] is that until far greater 
knowledge is achieved of the causes back of the sightings-the little 
understood phenomena [deleted] has described-we will run the increasing 
risk of false alerts and the even greater danger of tabbing the real as false.

All this is perfectly understandable, and the CIA continued to be 
haunted by the specter of World War III being triggered by UFOs mistaken 
as Soviet missiles or aircraft. The Office of Scientific Intelligence would 
continue to monitor Russian research and development in the scientific 
fields involved, the report concluded.

A few days later evidence of Russia's first mention of the subject was 
cited in a secret memorandum from George G. Carey, Assistant Director 
for Operations to the Deputy Director of Intelligence, dated 22 August 
1952. The second paragraph states:

FBID [Foreign Broadcasts Information Division] has one broadcast on this 
subject, dated 10 June 1951, which is quoted below:

Summary-In what appears to be Moscow's first mention of Flying 
Saucers "Listener's Mailbag" answers questions on the subject to the 
effect that "The Chief of Nuclear Physics in the US Naval Research 
Bureau" explained them recently as used for stratospheric studies. US 
government circles knew all along of the harmless nature of these objects, 
but if they refrained from denying "false reports, the purpose behind such 
tactics was to fan war hysteria in the country."

On 2 December 1952 H. Marshall Chadwell, Assistant Director of 
Scientific Intelligence, sent a secret memorandum to the CIA Director, 
discussing the preparation of the National Security Council Directive 
referred to earlier. Paragraph 4 makes particularly interesting reading:

Recent reports reaching CIA indicated that further action was desirable 
and another briefing by the cognizant A-2 [Air Force Intelligence] and 
ATIC [Air Technical Intelligence Center] personnel was held on 25 No- 
vember. At this time, the reports of incidents convince us that there is 
something going on that must have immediate attention. . . . Sightings of 
unexplained objects at great altitudes and traveling at high speeds in the 
vicinity of major U.S. defense installations are of such nature that they 
are not attributable to natural phenomena or known types of aerial vehicles. 
[Emphasis added] 


THE ROBERTSON PANEL REPORT 

The situation had evidently become so worrying for the CIA by the end 
of 1952 that a panel of scientists was convened by the Office of Scientific 
Intelligence, and the secret meetings were held at the Pentagon from 
14-17 January 1953. Although sanitized copies had been available to 
certain officials outside the CIA for a number of years, the Robertson 
Panel Report (sometimes referred to as the Durant Report) was not com- 
pletely declassified until 1975, and even to this day there are those who 
believe that the report has not been released in its entirety. I wrote to the 
CIA in 1975 requesting a copy (under the FOIA), and it arrived a few 
months later.

Members of the Scientific Advisory Panel were Dr. H. P. Robertson 
(Chairman), whose specialty was physics and weapons systems; Dr. Luis 
Alvarez (physics and radar); Dr. Lloyd V. Berkner (geophysics); Dr.

Samuel Goudsmit (atomic structure and statistical problems); Dr. Thorn- 
ton Page (astronomy and astrophysics). The associate members were Dr.

J. Allen Hynek (astronomy) and Frederick C. Durant (missiles and 
rockets).

The interviewees were Brigadier William H. Garland, Commanding 
General of Air Technical Intelligence Center; Dr. H. Marshall Chadwell, 
Assistant Director of the OSI/CIA; Ralph L. Clark, Deputy Assistant 
Director OSI/CIA; Lieutenant Colonel F. C. Oder and D. B. Stevenson, 
OSI staff members; Philip G. Strong, Chief, Operations Staff, OSI; 
Stephen T. Possony, Acting Chief, Special Study Group, Directorate of 
Air Force Intelligence; Colonels William A. Adams and Wesley S. Smith, 
also of Air Force Intelligence; Major Dewey Fournet, Headquarters, Air 
Force Intelligence Monitor of the UFO Project; Captain Edward J. Rup- 
pelt, Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch, ATIC; Lieutenant R. S. Neasham 
and Henry Woo of the US Navy Photo Interpretation Laboratory; and 
Albert M. Chop, the Air Force press officer handling UFO inquiries.

After twelve hours of meetings, during which the panel was shown 
movie films of UFOs, case histories of sightings prepared by the ATIC, 
intelligence reports relating to the Soviet Union's interest in US sightings, 
as well as numerous charts depicting, for example, frequency and geo- 
graphic location of sightings, the panel came up with a largely skeptical 
view of the UFO situation, and in Part IV of the report, headed "Com- 
ments and Suggestions of Panel," concluded that "reasonable explana- 
tions could be suggested for most sightings ... by deduction and scientific 
method it could be induced (given additional data) that other cases might 
be explained in a similar manner."

The panel also concluded unanimously that "there was no evidence 
of a direct threat to national security in the objects sighted" and that 
"the absence of any 'hardware' resulting from unexplained UFO sightings 
lends a 'will-of-the-wisp' nature to the ATIC problem. The results of 
their investigation, to date, strongly indicate that no evidence of hostile 
act or danger exists.' The panel did not find any evidence either that 
any of the unexplained objects sighted could be extraterrestrial in origin, 
but nevertheless noted that:

Mr. Fournet, in his presentation, showed how he had eliminated each of 
the known and probable causes of sightings leaving him "extraterrestrial" 
as the only one remaining in many cases. Fournet's background as an 
aeronautical engineer and technical intelligence officer (Project Officer, 
BLUEBOOK, for 15 months) could not be slighted. However, the Panel 
could not accept any of the cases sighted [sic] by him because they were 
raw, unevaluated reports. . . . Dr. Page noted that present astronomical 
knowledge of the solar system makes the existence of intelligent beings 
. . . elsewhere than on the earth extremely unlikely, and the concentration 
of their attention by any controllable means confined to any one continent 
of the earth quite preposterous.

The panel members were in agreement with the opinion of OS I that, 
although there was no evidence of direct threat from the sightings, related 
dangers might result from the following: "(a) Misidentification of actual 
enemy artifacts by defense personnel, (b) Overloading of emergency re- 
porting channels with 'false' information . . . (c) Subjectivity of public 
to mass hysteria and greater vulnerability to possible enemy psychological 
warfare."

One of the panel's recommendations was that a policy of debunking 
UFO reports should be instigated:

The "debunking" aim would result in reduction in public interest in "flying 
saucers" which today evokes a strong psychological reaction. This edu- 
cation could be accomplished by mass media such [as] television, motion 
pictures, and popular articles. Basis of such education would be actual 
case histories which had been puzzling at first but later explained. As is 
the case of conjuring tricks, there is much less stimulation if the "secret" 
is known. Such a program should tend to reduce the current gullibility of 
the public and consequently their susceptibility to clever hostile propa- 
ganda. The panel noted that the general absence of Russian propaganda 
based on a subject with so many obvious possibilities for exploitation 
might indicate a possible Russian official policy.

The panel discussed the various insidious methods that could be im- 
plemented to execute such a program: "It was felt strongly that psy- 
chologists familiar with mass psychology should advise on the nature and 
extent of the program," the report states, and three specific psychologists 
were suggested as consultants. Documentary films and cartoons (Walt 
338 ABOVE TOP SECRET 
Disney Inc. being recommended for the latter) were proposed, and "It 
was believed that business clubs, high schools, colleges, and television 
stations would all be pleased to cooperate in the showing of documentary 
type motion pictures if prepared in an interesting manner. The use of true 
cases showing first the * mystery' and then the 'explanation' would be 
forceful." Dr. Allen Hynek suggested that amateur astronomers in the 
US might be a potential source of enthusiastic talent to ''spread the 
gospel."

Another sinister recommendation of the panel was that civilian UFO 
groups should be watched "because of their potentially great influence 
on mass thinking if widespread sightings should occur. The apparent 
irresponsibility and the possible use of such groups for subversive pur- 
poses should be kept in mind."

The panel concluded that "the continued emphasis on the reporting of 
these phenomena does, in these parlous times, result in a threat to the 
orderly functioning of the protective organs of the body politic," and 
recommended: 
a. That the national security agencies take immediate steps to strip the Un- 
identified Flying Objects of the special status they have been given and the 
aura of mystery they have unfortunately acquired; 
b. That the national security agencies institute policies on intelligence, train- 
ing, and public education designed to prepare the material defenses and the 
morale of the country to recognize most promptly and to react most effectively 
to true indications of hostile intent or action.

We suggest that these aims may be achieved by an integrated program 
designed to reassure the public of the total lack of evidence of inimical forces 
behind the phenomena, to train personnel to recognize and reject false indi- 
cations quickly and effectively, and to strengthen regular channels for the 
evaluation of and prompt reaction to true indications of hostile measures.

An Air Force Intelligence colonel present at the meetings complained 
afterward that the CIA merely wanted to bury the subject. "We had over 
a hundred of the strongest verified reports," he told Major Donald Key- 
hoe. "The agents bypassed the best ones. The scientists saw just fifteen 
cases, and the CIA men tried to pick holes in them. Fournet had sightings 
by top military and airline pilots-even scientists. The agents made it 
seem as if the witnesses were dopes, so the scientists brushed off the 
whole Fournet report. ... I know those CIA agents were only following 
orders, but once or twice I nearly blew up."10

Dr. Allen Hynek, who had been the Air Force's astronomical consultant 
on UFOs for Project Blue Book both before and after the Robertson 
THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 339

Panel, and until his death in 1986 was considered to be one of the world's 
leading UFO researchers, has also expressed criticism. "I was an asso- 
ciate member of that panel," he stated, "but was not invited to participate 
in all the sessions. I was dissatisfied even then with what seemed to me 
a most cursory examination of the data and the set minds implied by the 
Panel's lack of curiosity and desire to delve deeper into the subject."n 
Dissatisfied he may have been, but Hynek apparently offered his coop- 
eration with the CIA in the debunking program, as the report shows.

Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, Chief of the Aerial Phenomena Branch, 
Air Technical Intelligence Center, said that the CIA ordered the Air Force 
to debunk sightings and discredit witnesses. *'We're ordered to hide 
sightings when possible," he told Major Keyhoe, "but if a strong report 
does get out we have to publish a fast explanation-make up something 
to kill the report in a hurry, and also ridicule the witness, especially if 
we can't figure a plausible answer. We even have to discredit our own 
pilots."12

Dr. David R. Saunders, who was on the University of Colorado UFO 
Committee (see later in this chapter) before resigning in disgust at its 
bias against the subject, believes that the Robertson Panel Report-as 
released-is no more than a cover story, "conceived and executed for 
the dual purposes of confusing foreign intelligence and reassuring the 
cadre of our own establishment. There is ample precedent for the use of 
such double and triple layers of security in connection with really im- 
portant projects. For example, the mere existence of the Manhattan Project 
was a secret, but the nature and importance of that project was an even 
bigger secret."13


FURTHER DOCUMENTS 

Many of the declassified CIA UFO documents relate to sighting reports 
throughout the world, obtained mostly from foreign newspapers, peri- 
odicals, and broadcasts. Since many of these reports have now been 
published in Clear Intent14,1 will not include them here, except in a few 
instances. It may come as a surprise to those unfamiliar with the workings 
of intelligence agencies that approximately fifty percent of intelligence 
gathering originates with open sources, such as newspapers, films, and 
speeches. Another forty percent comes from reconnaissance satellites and 
spy planes, eavesdropping devices and other gadgets, while only ten 
percent is dependent on human intelligence (HUMINT).15

A puzzling omission in the released CIA (and other intelligence agency) 
reports from foreign countries is Great Britain and Australia. Since these 
countries have had many significant sightings I can only conclude that 
there has been an official arrangement to preclude such information. Could 
Britain's Ministry of Defense intelligence chiefs have vetoed any refer- 
ence in the FOIA declassified documents? Fanciful though the suggestion 
seems, liaison between the Secret Intelligence Service (SIS or MI6) and 
the CIA, for example, is almost as close as that of Government Com- 
munications Headquarters (GCHQ) and the National Security Agency.

Ex-intelligence officer Gordon Creighton has confirmed to me that there 
was liaison on UFO matters between the CIA and Ministry of Defense 
in the 1950s, and it would seem logical that such liaison continues in 
Britain, perhaps with the CIA's Joint Reports and Research Unit at the 
US Embassy in London, which exchanges intelligence assessments with 
the Joint Intelligence Staff in the Cabinet Office.16 I have no evidence 
for this, however.


CANADA, 1950 AND 1955

Although the majority of UFO reports were obtained by the CIA from 
open sources, a few were collected directly, such as the following case 
involving a sighting on board a ship in the North Atlantic, en route from 
Nova Scotia to an eastern US port, on 4 August 1950. The source for 
the report is deleted, as are the names of the witnesses, all of whom were 
interviewed by intelligence officers. This is the third mate's account:

At 10:00 am on 4 Aug 50 as I was checking the compass at mid-bridge 
through a bridge port hole, I observed a flying object off the starboard 
bow. I immediately shouted to the Captain, who was in the chart room, 
and the Chief Mate, who was below on the port deck, of my observation 
and went out on the flying bridge myself. The object was approximately 
70' above the horizon at a distance of 12 miles. It came toward us, then 
ran on a course reciprocal to ours and turned off into the horizon in the 
northeast. I clearly saw its shadow on the water. My impression of the 
object was that it was elliptical, not unlike a Japanese diamond box kite 
in shape. I have no idea of its size but the length was about six times the 
breadth and it had a depth of from two to five feet. It made no noise and 
was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed. As it traveled through the air, 
it made a spinning or wobbly motion. After it disappeared in the horizon, 
I saw it reappear several seconds later, ascending at an even faster speed 
than when I first observed it. I have no idea what this object was, I never 
saw anything comparable to it before, and it was one of the most frightening 
experiences 1 have ever had. I roughly estimate that the object traveled 28 
miles during the 15 seconds I had it under observation.

The collector's note commented that there was a "tremendous dis- 
crepancy between the Captain's estimate of the speed and the estimate 
of the two officers which could not be explained as they were very careful 
in making their statements and asserted that their observations had been 
correct," but concluded: "All three men were quite evidently upset by 
the sighting. Aside from the discrepancies, it was quite evident to the 
intelligence officers who interviewed these men that they had certainly 
seen some very unusual object which they could not identify but was just 
as certainly not any conventional type of aircraft."

A memorandum dated 12 July 1955 from the CIA Office of Scientific 
Intelligence Chief, Physics and Electronics Division, T. M. Odarenko, 
to the Acting Assistant Director for Scientific Intelligence, cites an im- 
portant radar/visual UFO report sent to the Agency by Pepperell Air Force 
Base, Newfoundland:

Essentially, the "object" was apparently simultaneously observed by a 
tanker aircraft (KC 97) pilot (visually) and by a ground radar (type un- 
known) site (electronically). While such dual (visual and electronic) sight- 
ings of UFOBs are reported from time to time, this particular report is 
somewhat unique in that: 
a. The pilot of Archie 29 maintained visual contacts with object calling 
direction changes of object to (radar) site by radio. Direction changes 
correlated exactly with those painted on scope by controller.

b. In previous cases the dual (visual and electronic) sightings are mostly 
of a few minutes duration at most. This one was observed by radar, at 
least, for 49 minutes.


UFOS - "MAXIMUM SECURITY"

In 1954 researcher Thomas Eickhoff made an attempt to bring UFO 
contactee George Adamski to federal court so that the latter could prove 
by use of the testimony of the two scientists who Adamski claimed had 
witnessed one of his alleged trips into space 17 that he really had been on 
board a space ship. This would also have given the government their 
opportunity to press the case, Eickhoff reasoned, and thereby, when 
Adamski was (presumably) unable to produce the scientists, they could 
prosecute him for "an act of fraud committed by illegal use of the U.S.
mail system."

My lawyer [said Eickhoff] suggested a letter of inquiry to be sent to a 
certain agency in Washington [the CIA] . . . and called me to his office. 
He had received the answer which also included instructions for all parties 
concerned to deny any connections with the statement [which] came from 
a Mr. [Allen Dulles] of a certain top agency in Washington. Said [Dulles]: 
"Yes, I did have a case for Federal Court." However [he said], by use 
of the injunction if necessary he would prevent anyone from testifying in 
court concerning this book [Inside the Space Ships] because maximum 
security exists concerning the subject ofUFOs.1* [Emphasis added] 
Allen Welsh Dulles was Director of the CIA (DCI) from 1953 to 1961, 
and following a FOIA request to the Agency in 1984, I was sent a copy 
of a letter from Dulles to the Honorable Gordon H. Scherer, House of 
Representatives, Washington, DC, dated 4 October 1955:

The questions which Mr. Eickhoff has raised in his letter to you are largely 
outside of the jurisdiction of this Agency. Section 102(d) of the National 
Security Act of 1947 provides that the CIA shall have no police, subpoena, 
law-enforcement powers, or internal security functions. Insofar as Mr. Eickhoff appears interested in pursuing the problem of mail fraud in con- 
nection with George Adamski's book entitled "Inside The Space Ships," 
it would appear to be a problem of law enforcement, from which we are 
specifically barred by statute.

CIA, as a matter of policy, does not comment on the truth or falsity of 
material contained in books or other published statements, and therefore 
it is not in a position to comment on Mr. Adamski's book or the authenticity 
of the pictures which it contains.

The subject matter of Mr. Adamski's book would appear to be more 
in the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense and the National Science 
Foundation.

The CIA was unable to locate any further documents pertaining to 
Adamski. Possibly more exist, possibly not, but certainly the FBI had 
an extensive file on him, and these documents have now been released 
under the FOIA.

In 1956 a "Memorandum for the Record" was written by the Chief of 
the CIA Office of Scientific Intelligence (OSI) Applied Science Division, 
W. E. Lexow, confirming that the ASD had now assumed responsibility 
within OSI for "Non-Conventional Types of Air Vehicles." Files would 
be maintained in ASD on "incoming raw reports where, in our judgment, 
the subject matter may provide information bearing on foreign weapons' 
system research or development." Reports in this category were to be 
forwarded to the "Fundamental Science Area" for review, and those 
which did not fit would be forwarded to the FSA for retention or destruc- 
tion, and reports "which fit under none of the above will be destroyed."

The memorandum continued (Reference 2): 
e. A chronological file of all OSI correspondence and action taken in con- 
nection with the United States U.F.O. program will be maintained by ASD.
f. A file of unfinished intelligence reports published by members of the United States intelligence community on U.F.O. will be maintained in ASD.

The Applied Science Division was anxious to avoid the accumulation of 
reports "which experience and Reference 2 have shown cannot be ana- 
lyzed in a manner useful to OSI in carrying out its mission. ... It has 
been recommended that the raw intelligence and the obsolete finished 
reports on UFO now filed in Electronics Division will be destroyed."

In early November 1957, according to researcher Brad Sparks, Con- 
gress secretly pressed the CIA for an evaluation of a nationwide UFO 
"flap" then in progress. The OSI issued instructions to the Office of 
Operations' Contact Division to have its field offices collect UFO data 
for the ensuing one-week period. The results of this investigation are yet 
to be declassifed.19


SOCORRO, 1964

The CIA continued to monitor the UFO phenomenon from 1956 onward, 
and of the many intriguing reports cited by Fawcett and Greenwood in 
Clear Intent is that involving the sighting of a landed UFO complete with 
two small occupants, reported by Sergeant Lonnie Zamora on 24 April 
1964. The case was investigated at the time by the Air Force and FBI, 
and Dr. Allen Hynek also had a hand in the investigations, as did other 
investigators such as Ray Stanford.

Sergeant Zamora of the Socorro, New Mexico, Police Department, 
was chasing a speeding car on US Highway 85 when he heard a roar and 
saw flames in an area where a dynamite shack was known to be located.

Abandoning the car chase, he headed to the area in search of the cause 
of the noise and flames. Eventually he came across what he thought was 
an upturned car and two occupants, both dressed in coveralls. Zamora 
radioed police headquarters and reported that he was going to investigate 
what he believed to be an automobile accident. Proceeding up the road 
to a point where he could observe the object, which was in a gully, 
Zamora stopped the car, got out, and headed toward the object. The 
undated CIA report continues:

The object was on girderlike legs, white . . . and egg-shaped or oval. As 
he approached the object there were some noises and flame and smoke 
began to come from the bottom of the vehicle. The noise increased from 
low pitch to high pitch, was different from that of a jet or helo [helicopter] 
and not like anything Sgt. Zamora had ever heard. The flame was blue 
like a welders torch, turning to orange or yellow at the ends. Thinking 
that the object was going to explode he became frightened. . . .He turned, 
ran back to get behind the police car, bumping his leg and losing his glasses 
on the way. He crouched down, shielding his eyes with his arm while the 
noise continued for another 10 seconds. At this time the noise stopped and 
he looked up. The object had risen to a point about 15-20 ft. above the 
ground and the flame had ceased to come from the object. The object had 
a red marking about 1 ft. or maybe 18 inches in height, shaped like a 
crescent with a vertical arrow and horizontal line underneath. The object 
hovered in this spot for several seconds and then flew off in a S W direction 
following the center of the gully. It cleared the dynamite shack by not 
more than 3 ft. He watched the object disappear in the distance over a 
point on Highway 85 about 6 miles from where he was standing. The 
object took about 3 minutes to travel that far. Disappearance was by fading 
in the distance and at no time did he observe the object rise more than 20 
ft. off the ground.

Zamora had kept in radio contact with police headquarters while pro- 
ceeding to the location, and since the State Police use the same frequency 
his call was monitored by Sergeant Chavez of the New Mexico State 
Police. Zamora had attempted to direct Chavez to the location but the 
latter took the wrong road and missed the sighting. When he did eventually 
reach Zamora, three minutes after the object had disappeared, he found 
that' 'Sgt. Zamora was pale and upset at what he had witnessed.'' Sergeant 
Chavez was skeptical of the situation and proceeded to where Zamora 
had seen the UFO. "Here he found the marks and burns," the CIA report 
states. "Smoke appeared to be coming from a bush which was burned 
but no flames or coals were visible. . . . The marks were fresh and no 
other marks were in the area. Diagonals of the four impressions intersect 
in a perpendicular and the major distance seems to be approximately 13 
ft. Sgt. Chavez secured the area and contacted local military authorities."

For a full report on this important case it is essential to read Ray 
Stanford's excellent book, Socorro "Saucer" in a Pentagon Pantry.20

Stanford discovered metal samples at the landing site, for example, and 
I shall relate the story of what happened to those samples in the following 
chapter. While there is no official confirmation for the incident, an article 
subsequently appeared in a CIA publication in which Hector Quintanella, 
head of the Air Force Project Blue Book at the time, referred to the 
Socorro case. In a paragraph headed "Diagnosis: Unsolved," Quintanella 
stated: "There is no doubt that Lonnie Zamora saw an object which left 
quite an impression on him. There is also no question about Zamora's 
reliability. He is a serious officer, a pillar of his church, and a man well 
versed in recognizing airborne vehicles in this area. He is puzzled by 
what he saw, and frankly, so are we. This is the best documented case 
on record."21

Skeptic Philip Klass believes that the Socorro report was fabricated in 
order to stimulate the local tourist industry, and cites a number of ar- 
guments in support of his hypothesis. He points out, for example, that 
the alleged landing took place on property owned by Holm Bursum, 
Mayor of Socorro at the time, and a prominent banker.22 Interviewed in 
1983, Bursum laughed at this suggestion. "The man is silly," he said. 
"Sure, it was my land where that took place . . . and I was as excited 
as everybody else. But I sure didn't plan it." Bursum also discounts the 
idea that Zamora could have fabricated the story. "To my knowledge, 
Lonnie is not a daydreamer. He's not a practical joker. He's a very serious 
person and always has been."23


THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO UFO PROJECT 

In 1966 the US Air Force commissioned the University of Colorado to 
make a scientific study of UFOs, headed by Dr. Edward Condon. On 20

February 1967 Dr. Condon, together with Dr. Richard Low, Dr. David 
Saunders, Dr. William Price, and Dr. Rachford, visited the CIA's Na- 
tional Photographic Center in order to familiarize themselves with "se- 
lected photographic analysis capabilities of NPIC." The following brief 
extract from a CIA memo dated 23 February 1967 shows how wary the 
Agency was of allowing Condon's team to reveal the CIA's "unofficial" 
interest in the controversial UFO problem:

Any work performed by NPIC to assist Dr. Condon in his investigation 
will not be identified as work accomplished by the CIA. Dr. Condon was 
advised by Mr. Lundahl to make no reference to CIA in regard to this 
work effort. Dr. Condon stated that if he felt it necessary to obtain an 
official CIA comment he would make a separate distinct entry into CIA 
not related to contacts he has with NPIC.24 
Rumors that the CIA was responsible for the biased negative conclu- 
sions of Dr. Condon have abounded since his committee's Scientific Study 
of Unidentified Flying Objects was published in 1969.25 There can be no 
denying the fact that Condon and some key members of his committee 
deliberately set out to convey to the public an image of scientific impar- 
tiality, while systematically debunking the subject, as has been shown in 
a leaked memorandum from Low to Condon, and in Dr. David Saunders' 
book on the inside story of the Colorado University UFO study.26

When the Colorado University investigation was in the process of 
making its conclusions, Dr. Condon asked UFO researcher Dr. James 
Harder what he would do if he were responsible for a project report that 
might reflect a conclusion that UFOs were a manifestation of extrater- 
restrial intelligence.

I said that I thought there would be other issues than the scientific ones 
[said Dr. Harder], notably international repercussions and national security.

He smiled the smile of a man who sees his own opinions reflected in the 
opinions of others and said that he had given the matter much thought, 
and had decided that if the answer was to be a positive finding of ETH 
[Extraterrestrial Hypothesis], he would not make the finding public, but 
would take the report, in his briefcase, to the President's Science Advisor, 
and have the decision made in Washington.27


THE CIA AND NICAP 

The most vociferous civilian UFO research organization opposing gov- 
ernment secrecy in the fifties and sixties was the National Investigations 
Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), founded by a former Navy 
physicist, Thomas Townsend Brown, in 1956, and headed for many years 
by Major Donald Keyhoe, US Marine Corps (retired). NICAP's Board 
of Governors at one time included former Director of the CIA Vice 
Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, who had been Pacific Commander of In- 
telligence during World War II. While on the NICAP board, he made a 
number of extraordinary statements attesting to the reality and seriousness 
of the UFO phenomenon. He was convinced that UFOs were unknown 
objects operating under intelligent control and that "the Air Force is still 
censoring UFO sightings. Hundreds of authentic reports by veteran pilots 
and other technically trained observers have been ridiculed or explained 
away as mistakes, delusions or hoaxes. . . . It is imperative that we learn 
where the UFOs come from and what their purpose is. The public has a 
right to know."

In a signed statement dated 22 August 1960, sent to Congress, Hil- 
lenkoetter said:

It is time for the truth to be brought out. . . . Behind the scenes high- 
ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But 
through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the 
unknown flying objects are nonsense. ... I urge immediate Congressional 
action to reduce the dangers from secrecy about Unidentified Flying Ob- 
jects. . . . Two dangers are steadily increasing: 
1. The risk of accidental war from mistaking UFO formations for a 
Soviet surprise attack. 
2. The danger that the Soviet government may, in a critical moment, 
falsely claim the UFOs as secret Russian weapons against which our 
defenses are helpless.28

But in 1962 Hillenkoetter suddenly resigned from NICAP. "In my 
opinion, NICAP's investigation has gone as far as possible," he wrote 
in his letter of resignation. "I know the UFOs are not U.S. or Soviet 
devices. All we can do now is wait for some action by the UFOs. The 
Air Force cannot do any more under the circumstances. It has been a 
difficult assignment for them, and I believe we should not continue to 
criticize their investigations."29 Keyhoe was convinced that Hillenkoetter 
had been pressurized "at a very high level" to resign. Whatever the truth, 
it was a severe blow to NICAP's prestige, and Keyhoe was bitterly 
disappointed.

Another former CIA official on the board of NICAP was Colonel 
Joseph J. Bryan III, founder and original Chief of the CIA's Psychological 
Warfare Staff, and former Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Air 
Force as well as aviation adviser to NATO. In a letter to Keyhoe, Colonel 
Bryan made the following positive statement on the UFO problem:

I am aware that hundreds of military and airline pilots, airport personnel, 
astronomers, missile trackers and other competent observers have reported 
sightings of UFOs. I am also aware that many of these UFOs have been 
reported maneuvering in formation, and that many were simultaneously 
tracked by radar. It is my opinion that:

The UFOs reported by competent observers are devices under intelligent 
control. Their speeds, maneuvers and other technical evidence prove them 
superior to any known aircraft or space devices now produced on earth. 
These UFOs are interplanetary devices systematically observing the earth, 
either manned or under remote control, or both.

Information on UFOs, including sighting reports, has been and is still 
being officially withheld. This policy is dangerous, especially since mis- 
taken identification of UFOs as a secret Russian attack might accidentally 
set off war. Unless this policy is changed, a Congressional investigation 
should be held to reduce or eliminate this and other dangers.30

This statement was made in 1960, shortly after Bryan joined NICAP.

Keyhoe was unaware of Bryan's involvement with the CIA, a fact which 
did not emerge until 1977 when Bryan admitted to having been a former 
covert official for the Agency, and asked that this not be made public 
since "it might embarrass CIA." He denied any association with the CIA 
during the period he served on the board of NICAP.31


Infiltration 

Todd Zechel has uncovered a great deal of evidence for the infiltration 
of NICAP by the CIA. Although debunker Philip Klass has tried to 
discredit Zechel's background in the intelligence field , my own inquiries 
have established that Zechel was indeed employed by the Army Security 
Service, the forerunner of the National Security Agency, as well as the 
NSA itself. Also, his published articles reflect a broad knowledge about 
the intelligence community, and I therefore have no hesitation in including 
his controversial material here. (For the record, Zechel charges that Klass 
is a CIA "asset".) 

According to Zechel, a number of CIA covert agents worked them- 
selves into key positions in NICAP. One was Count Nicolas de Rochefort, 
now deceased, who had been a member of the CIA's Psychological 
Warfare Staff, and who became vice-Chairman of NICAP in the year of 
its foundation (1956). Another was Bernard J. Carvalho, who had been 
a go-between for such secretly owned companies as Fairway Corporation, 
a charter airline used by CIA executives. Carvalho was appointed Chair- 
man ofNICAP's membership subcommittee at one time. During the 1960s 
former CIA briefing officer Karl Pflock became Chairman of NICAP's 
Washington, DC, subcommittee. He is said to have denied that the CIA 
ever asked him for information on either UFOs or NICAP.

Zechel further claims that an undated CIA document, anonymously 
written, indicates familiarity with G. Stuart Nixon, former assistant to 
NICAP's president, John L. Acuff, and states that in the late 1960s and 
early 1970s the NICAP daily logs show that Nixon met with several past 
and present CIA employees on a frequent basis. The CIA officials alleg- 
edly included Art Lundahl, then Director of the CIA's National Photo- 
graphic Interpretation Center, Frederick Durant, former CIA Office of 
Scientific Intelligence missile expert and author of the Robertson Panel 
Report, and Dr. Charles Sheldon, a CIA consultant.

According to Zechel, Major Keyhoe was deliberately ousted by the 
CIA infiltrators in 1969, after which a former head of the Society of 
Photographic Scientists and Engineers (allegedly with CIA affiliations), 
John Acuff, took over as president. Concluded Zechel:

Maybe it's a coincidence that the founder of the CIA's Psychological 
Warfare Staff has been on the board [of NICAP] for nearly twenty years.

Maybe it's another coincidence that Charles Lombard, a former CIA covert 
employee (according to himself) would seek out a retired CIA executive 
to run the organization (i.e. after Jack Acuff was replaced by retired CIA 
agent, Alan N. Hall in 1979!). ... Or maybe we're all paranoid. . . .

Perhaps Keyhoe deserved to be fired from the organization he built with 
his own sweat, blood, and sacrifice. The timing couldn't have been better, 
in any case. Keyhoe, after all, was beginning to focus on the CIA in 1969, 
instead of his tunnel-visioned attacks on the Air Force . . . if they wanted 
to destroy the leading anti-secrecy organization of the 1960s, they couldn't 
have done a better job if they'd tried.

One documented link between NICAP and the CIA is a letter dated 
19 September 1973 to researcher Larry Bryant from John Maury of the 
CIA's Legislative Council, which refers to the Agency's contact with 
Richard H. Hall in 1965:

In January 1965, the Agency made an inquiry into the research being 
conducted on UFO sightings and contacted Mr. Hall, then Acting Director 
of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. Mr. Hall 
explained how his organization operated and loaned the Agency several 
of its publications which were reviewed and returned. No excerpts were 
made from the publications, nor did the Agency come to any conclusions 
on the substance therein. There was no further contact with Mr. Hall or 
any other representative of his organization, and the Agency had no further 
interest in the subject of UFOs.

This letter would seem to argue against CIA infiltration of NICAP, 
although it shows the Agency's interest in the organization in 1965. Why 
would Hall need to explain "how his organization operated" if the CIA 
had infiltrated it since 1956? If John Maury was telling the truth, we 
have to assume that either (a) the lengthy list of NICAP officials with 
established CIA connections was entirely coincidental-that they joined 
NICAP for solely personal reasons, or (b) that Maury was unaware of 
the true purpose of the meeting with Hall, and knew nothing of the CIA/ 
NICAP background. It is also possible, of course, that Maury was dis- 
sembling: the CIA, after all, is of necessity not in the habit of revealing 
its actions and motives.

A memorandum dated 25 January 1965, with the names of the writer 
and recipient blacked out ("To Chief, Contact Division, Attention [de- 
leted], from Chief [deleted]") throws further light on the meeting with 
Hall. It begins: "This confirms [deleted] conversation 19 January 1965, 
at which time various samples and reports on UFO sightings procured 
from NICAP were given to [deleted] for transmittal to OSI. The infor- 
mation was desired by OSI to assist them in the preparation of a paper 
for [deleted] on UFOs." There follows a description of NICAP's inves- 
tigative procedures, with particular reference to Air Force reports:

A printed form, prepared by the Air Force for NICAP's use, is utilized 
during the interview. ... It was our understanding that copies of these 
reports go directly to various Air Force bases. There apparently is a strong 
feeling on the part of NICAP officials, i.e. Kehoe [sic] and Hall, that the 
Air Force tends to downgrade the importance of UFO sightings because 
they (the Air Force) do not care to have too much made of the sightings 
by the US press. We were told by Mr. Hall that there have been instances 
where the Air Force has attempted to intimidate witnesses and get them 
to sign false statements relative to UFO sightings.

A detailed description of NICAP's investigation into radar trackings 
of UFOs at Patuxent Naval Air Station in December 1964 follows, as 
well as a sighting "within the last week or 10 days" at Constitution 
Avenue, Washington, DC. The memo concludes: "[deleted] informed 
us that she is requesting a security clearance on Mr. Hall predicated upon 
biographic information provided by [deleted]."

According to researcher Brad Sparks, who has specialized in a study 
of the CIA's involvement in the subject, former CIA Director John A.

McCone asked the Office of Scientific Intelligence for an evaluation of 
the Washington area's wave of UFO sightings at that time, probably, 
says Sparks, as a result of the privately expressed concerns of congress- 
men. The OSI instructed the CIA's local Contact Division office to ap- 
proach NICAP for a brief resume of those sightings. After consultation 
with the Air Force, the OSI informed McCone of its negative conclusions 
about the wave.34

It is self-evident that the CIA had become interested in NICAP's 
activities by 1965-if not earlier-and an undated CIA memorandum, 
claimed by the authors of Clear Intent to have been written in the early 
1970s, gives a highly detailed rundown on NICAP's organization and 
the impressive credentials of its advisory group, and furthermore confirms 
that ex-CIA personnel were included therein:

This board relies heavily on both a loosely structured advisory group and 
a fairly well placed network of investigators. The advisory group is made 
up of experts in many disciplines including physics, astronomy, anthro- 
pology, medicine and psychology. This group also includes some ex-CIA 
and Defense Intelligence types who advise on investigative techniques and 
NICAP/government relations. . . .

The system of investigators is a good one. ... As of a few months 
ago some 35 investigators were located throughout the country, with NICAP 
in the process of establishing even more. A breakdown of their backgrounds 
looked like the following: 7 Ph.D.s, 2 MAs or MS, 23 BAs or BS, 1 AA, 
and 2 with college training but no degrees. Occupationally they included 
4 physical scientists, 13 engineers, 3 college profs, 13 specialists, including 
doctor, technician, computer programmer and businessman. Five of the 
35 are pilots.35 [Emphasis added] 
It is my assumption-shared by some other researchers-that the CIA 
had become concerned by the enormous influence over public opinion 
that NICAP undoubtedly wielded at the time. No other UFO organization 
before or since has so consistently and effectively challenged official 
attempts to debunk the subject. The CIA needed to turn NICAP's skills 
and energy to suit its own ends. It is hardly surprising that NICAP's 
influence dwindled significantly from 1970 onward, although other factors 
may have contributed to this, such as the negative findings of the Condon 
Report in 1969. But as Lawrence Fawcett and Barry Greenwood point 
out, Keyhoe was ousted as NICAP's Director in December 1969 by a 
faction led by the Chairman of the Board, Colonel Joseph Bryan III, 
former Chief of the CIA's Psychological Warfare Staff. John Acuff, with 
tenuous links to the CIA, replaced Keyhoe, and he in turn was succeeded 
by Alan Hall, a retired CIA employee, who apparently accepted the 
position after a number of other ex-CIA personnel were offered the job.

NICAP board member Charles Lombard, a former CIA covert employee, 
is said to have given his full support to Hall. Serious problems with 
management ensued and NICAP eventually became so ineffective that it 
was dissolved; its files were taken over in 1973 by Dr. Allen Hynek's 
newly formed Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) in Evanston, Illinois. 
The authors of Clear Intent offer their opinion-which I share-that 
the CIA needed to infiltrate NICAP for the following reasons: "(1) To 
gather intelligence through NICAP's investigators network. (2) To iden- 
tify and plug leaks from government sources ... (3) To monitor other 
hostile intelligence agencies (NICAP received several overtures from the 
Soviet KGB).** Fawcett and Greenwood further speculate that after 
NICAP's mismanagement, its effectiveness as a CIA front was dimin- 
ished, and the Agency allowed it to be taken over by CUFOS. They stop 
short of suggesting that CUFOS itself may have been infiltrated or influ- 
enced by the CIA, but nevertheless theorize that this could happen to any 
prominent UFO group if it became too effective.36 It must be remembered 
that one of the recommendations of the CIA Robertson Panel Report was 
that civilian UFO groups should be watched "because of their potentially 
great influence on mass thinking if widespread sightings should occur."

With his worldwide knowledge of UFO groups, Dr. Hynek would have 
been invaluable to the CIA as a consultant, and may have acted in this 
capacity ever since he sat on the Robertson Panel in 1953.


SURVEILLANCE 

Another group which may well have come in for CIA surveillance is the 
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO), the world's longest- 
running UFO group, founded in 1952 by Jim and Coral Lorenzen. APRO 
was one of two civilian groups to be singled out for monitoring by the 
CIA's Robertson Panel Report, so the assumption is far from fanciful.

One of APRO's earliest supporters was a man who helped with do- 
nations and suggestions for the organization. He also claimed to have a 
background in intelligence work. A letter from him to the Lorenzens in 
February 1953 had apparently been used as a platen for what looked like 
an intelligence report on Coral, inadvertently impressed into the paper.

The report listed her previous residences and followed with impressions 
of her personal character.

On other occasions various salesmen turned up at the Lorenzens' home 
yet showed little interest in promoting their business, preferring instead 
to engage the couple in conversation. But, as the Lorenzens are quick to 
point out, these incidents provide only circumstantial evidence. There is 
no proof that the CIA was involved. Yet the Lorenzens did establish that 
at one time they were being monitored by the local Air Force Office of 
Special Investigations (AFOSI), according to an associate of Coral's, but 
apparently the dossier was favorable in that neither she nor her husband 
were prevented from obtaining the high-level security clearances that 
their work in the Air Force entailed at the time.37

In 1974 Dr. Allen Hynek visited APRO's headquarters in Tucson, 
Arizona, and tried to persuade the Board of Directors to give him a list 
of APRO's field investigators, together with their addresses and telephone 
numbers. Hynek's motives may well have been innocent, and perhaps 
we s,hould give him the benefit of the doubt, particularly since he died 
in April 1986. Yet certain questions remain unanswered.

Dr. Robert Creegan, one of APRO's consultants in Social Sciences, 
has also voiced suspicions about Hynek's involvement in the UFO scene. 
"Professor Hynek was never asked to be a member of either the Robertson 
Panel in 1953, nor the Condon Commission, 1966-1969. Yet he was 
able to sit in on at least some of the meetings of both," he wrote in 1985. 
"He made no evident criticism of the evasiveness of the conclusions in 
either case. As a matter of fact, the astronomer has been able to attend 
many or most UFO conferences in the US and abroad, and has gone to 
the locales of major flaps. Obviously funds were adequate.""

I do not know if Dr. Hynek was actually employed as a CIA consultant 
subsequent to the Robertson Panel, but it seems evident that he was in 
the best position to perform such a function, with worldwide contacts at 
official and unofficial levels. Many fellow researchers in a number of 
countries agree with me that while Hynek was always interested in gath- 
ering information, he seemed reluctant to give out much in return. At 
the same time, it has to be said that his contribution in putting over this 
controversial subject to the skeptical scientific fraternity has been enor- 
mous, for which we owe him a debt of gratitude.

My own experiences of possible surveillance by the CIA have also 
been circumstantial. In March 1976, for example, I wrote to the CIA 
Freedom of Information and Privacy Coordinator, Gene F. Wilson, thank- 
ing him for sending me a copy of the Robertson Panel Report, and adding 
that I was on the point of embarking on a tour of the United States with 
the London Symphony Orchestra, with a scheduled visit to Washington, 
DC, between 19 and 23 March. On arrival at the Statler Hilton Hotel on 
the afternoon of 19 March, my photograph was taken in the lobby by a 
man with a large-format camera and flashgun. Before I had a chance to 
approach him he made a hasty exit. It may have been coincidental, of 
course, but it led to a suspicion that the CIA was responsible, since I 
had deliberately informed them of my impending visit to see what would 
happen.

In 1985 I filed a request under the Privacy Act to review a copy of 
my possible file with the Agency, and later provided them with a notarized 
statement attesting to my identity, in accordance with CIA Privacy Reg- 
ulations.40 Under the Privacy Act an individual is supposed to be able 
to see a copy of his or her file (if one exists) so that amendments can be 
made to any inaccuracies contained therein. The Agency's main file index 
in the Directorate of Operations allegedly contains about 7.5 million 
names and about 750,000 individual personality files. For collection of 
intelligence from domestic sources the CIA reputedly has another index- 
containing about 150,000 names as well as about 50,000 files on "active" 
sources, while the Office of Security is said to have about 900,000 files 
mostly relating to individuals, including 75 members of Congress in the 
mid-1970s, as well as records of about 500,000 people who have visited 
CIA installations.41 It was not altogether out of the question, I surmised, 
that in view of my correspondence with the Agency over a ten-year period, 
and more than a passing interest in its involvement in UFO research, a 
file on me would exist. I was wrong-apparently. Nearly a year after 
my initial FOIA request was filed I received a letter from Lee Strickland, 
Information and Privacy Coordinator, dated 29 July 1986, which stated 
in part: "Our processing included a search for records in existence as of 
and through the date of our acceptance letter dated 25 February 1986.

No records responsive to your request were located. . . . We appreciate 
the patience and understanding during the period required to process this 
request." The search costs, consisting of two on-line computer searches, 
a quarter-hour's professional time, and an hour of clerical search time 
fortunately amounted to a relatively modest fee.


MISSING EVIDENCE 

Cases involving missing films, photographs and hardware associated with 
UFO sightings are plentiful, but it is hard to prove that the CIA is 
responsible. Nevertheless, federal and military intelligence agencies have 
definitely "borrowed" or taken material which has never been returned, 
as I have mentioned elsewhere in this book.

Todd Zechel claims that photographic evidence found missing from 
the Air Force Project Blue Book files eventually found its way to the 
CIA's Office of Scientific Intelligence in the 1950s, and specifies a number 
of movie films taken at White Sands Proving Grounds, New Mexico: a 
cinetheodolite film taken by a camera tracking station on 27 April 1950; 
a cinetheodolite film taken by two camera stations on 29 May 1950, 
allegedly showing two huge UFOs traveling at 2,000 mph; and a 35mm 
film taken by a military pilot on 14 July 1951. Zechel also specifies a 
16mm gun-camera film taken by a military pilot at Rapid City, South 
Carolina, on 12 August 1953, an 8mm film taken at Port Moresby, New 
Guinea, on 31 August 1953 (see Chapter 7), and a reconnaissance pho- 
tograph taken by the pilot of an RB-29 aircraft on 24 May 1954 near 
Dayton, Ohio.42

Yet another case cited by Zechel relates to a 16mm film taken by Ralph 
C. Mayher, a Marine Corps photographer, on 29 July 1952 at Miami, 
Florida. Mayher had the film processed immediately and submitted it to 
the Marine Air Station. Some frames were released to the local press and 
published, but within days Mayher was visited by Air Force and CIA 
investigators, who allegedly told him to keep quiet about the incident.

On 31 July the film was given to the Air Force for analysis and has never 
been seen since. The few frames given to the press were returned. In 
June 1975 William Spaulding, Director of Ground Saucer Watch, wrote 
to the CIA asking for information about the film, and a lengthy corre- 
spondence ensued. Spaulding was unsuccessful in obtaining the data he 
wanted but did manage to discover from the CIA memoranda released 
to him that some of the information on the Mayher film is still classified.

The CIA memoranda in my possession contain no reference to the 
Agency's having examined the film, but it is evident that five stills were 
studied, and a memo dated 7 November 1957 states that "the original 
negatives are in Air Force hands." Another memo, dated 12 December 
1957, adds that the "five photographs of flying saucers which were 
obtained from [deleted]" were returned, and that "[deleted] asked if it 
would be possible for us to submit to him any evaluations which might 
have been made on these photographs and I replied that it was very 
doubtful but that I would pass on the request to headquarters." Back 
came the reply on 20 December 1957:

We did not receive evaluations of photography which source submitted.

For your information only, the material was reviewed at a "high level" 
and returned to us without comments . . . The subject of UFO was under 
the review of CIA for a limited time only. This was caused by a request 
from "the hill' which stemmed from all of the publicity given to recent 
UFO sightings. We assume that the request has been satisfied because the 
case has been closed and the subject dropped by CIA. . . . We would 
suggest to source that any correspondence on the subject be directed to 
the Air Force. ... It appears that source is trying to set himself up as the 
local clearing house for UFO sightings. If source desires to show his 
photographs on TV this is the prerogative, naturally without any CIA 
disclosures, and we could have no objection. 
No evidence of the actual film having been reviewed or confiscated is 
contained in the released documents. Probably the writers were unaware 
of the complete picture-their comments on the CIA's involvement in 
UFO research betray considerable ignorance-or else the Air Force re- 
tained the film. The evidence is arbitrary, but the film has not been 
returned.

Freelance journalist Warren Smith relates a rather sinister encounter 
with alleged CIA agents in the 1970s when he was coerced into handing 
over a piece of metal that he had acquired from a farmer who had dis- 
covered some fragments after witnessing a UFO hovering over his orchard 
in Wisconsin. Word got around about the incident and the farmer reported 
being subsequently visited by a "fertilizer salesman" who seemed more 
interested in learning about the samples than selling fertilizer. The farmer 
informed the "salesman" that he had given one of the pieces to Smith.

The salesman told the farmer that he was staying in a motel and suggested 
that it might be the same one as Smith. When the latter learned of this 
he tied the piece of metal to the inside of his motel room's television set 
at the Holiday Inn, Madison, as a precaution. 
"Within one day, I was the most popular person in Madison, partic- 
ularly when I was out," said Smith. "I asked the maids and motel 
maintenance man to watch my room during my absence. Two men with 
a room key were moving in as soon as I left. One maid had the courage 
to enter the room on the pretense of checking it for cleanliness. She 
excused herself when she saw the two men going through my suitcase."

When Smith visited the farmer again he learned that two men in Air 
Force uniforms had persuaded him to part with his metal fragment, citing 
"national security, a danger to the world, and the government's desire 
to have that fragment of metal" as the reasons. On Smith's return to the 
motel the two men were waiting-one stretched out on the bed and the 
other sitting at the desk. After an exchange of false pleasantries one of 
the men said, "You have something we want. A farmer gave you a piece 
of metal the other day. Our job is to pick it up."

Smith prevaricated for as long as possible, pretending that he had sent 
the fragment to someone else, but the men began to threaten him, warning 
that he should think of his wife, children, and career. Smith asked for 
identification. "Name the agency and we'll produce it," they replied. 
"Would you like Air Force, FBI or maybe NORAD [North American 
Aerospace Defense Command]?" Smith finally agreed to give them the 
piece of metal on condition that they answered a few questions, and the 
conversation was continued over coffee at the motel restaurant. The men 
refused to answer questions, of course, but before leaving revealed that 
"UFOs involve more than you or any civilian can realize. They're the 
most important thing and perhaps the greatest hazard that mankind has 
ever faced."

As the men drove off Smith memorized the license number and even- 
tually discovered-with the aid of friends who had access to law en- 
forcement channels-that the unissued license plate had been given to a 
Chicago man with close links to the CIA. Or so Smith claims.44 It is 
difficult to know how much credence should be given to the story. Smith 
neglects to mention the date or the name of the farmer he spoke to, so 
it is difficult to check the facts. My letter to Smith sent care of his 
publishers in New York was returned "Unknown," and I have yet to 
receive a reply to a copy sent to his British publisher. However, I did 
discuss the alleged incident with the researcher and author Brad Steiger 
in 1986, whom Smith called on the phone immediately following the 
incident. (Steiger had previously tried contacting Smith at the motel, only 
to be told that he was not registered there.) Brad told me that whereas 
Smith was inclined to exaggerate his stories on occasions and indulge in 
practical jokes, in this particular instance he sounded genuinely frightened 
by the experience he had just undergone.


DISINFORMATION 

Miles Copeland, former CIA organizer and intelligence officer, related 
an interesting story to me involving the Agency's attempt on one occasion 
to use fictional UFO sightings to spread disinformation. The purpose, in 
this case, was to "dazzle" and "intoxicate" the Chinese, who had them- 
selves on several occasions fooled the CIA into sending teams to a desert 
in Sinkiang Province, West China, to search for nonexistent underground 
"atomic energies".
The exercise took place in the early 1960s, Copeland told me, and 
involved launching fictional UFO sighting reports from many different 
areas. The project was headed by Desmond Fitzgerald of the Special 
Affairs Staff (who made a name for himself by inventing harebrained 
schemes for assassinating Fidel Castro). The UFO exercise was "just to 
keep the Chinese off-balance and make them think we were doing things 
we weren't," Copeland said. "The project got the desired results, as I 
remember, except that it somehow got picked up by a lot of religious 
nuts in Iowa and Nebraska or somewhere who took it seriously enough 
to add an extra chapter to their version of the New Testament!" 
"I wouldn't attribute too much Machiavellian thinking behind it,"

Copeland advised me, "because in those days the CIA was just doing 
all sorts of things . . . characterized by a lot of rich guys who read too 
many John Buchan books and were just horsing around!"45

Miles Copeland said that he couldn't recall anything else about the 
CIA's involvement with UFOs, but this is hardly surprising since, as he 
himself acknowledges:

Regardless of the trust placed in any employee, he is allowed to know 
only what he needs to know in order to carry out his job. Moreover, these 
agencies are so organized that their secrets are tightly compartmentalized.

Even the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency is "protected" by 
need-to-know regulations which keep from him all information that is not 
essential to his job-and this would be almost all of the detailed information 
held in his organization.46

Warren Smith claims to have acquired a great deal of knowledge about 
the CIA's involvement in UFO research from an Agency source, although 
he freely admits that he might have been fed false information. According 
to Smith's informant, the CIA maintains a worldwide surveillance on the 
UFO situation. Foreign journals, for example, are sent to the Agency's 
foreign translation departments and, when translated, are fed into com- 
puters. "The data is cross-indexed and can easily be retrieved," says 
Smith. "If someone wants to know how many sightings of low level 
flying saucers have been reported in a specific nation, or worldwide, the 
computer will provide a summary. ... I have obtained data from the 
computer on several different occasions. It is always quite precise. I'm 
still a little dubious about the 'help' given by my informant. But it has 
always proven to be factual."

Smith was allegedly given a great deal of information about the CIA's 
conclusions regarding the phenomenon. It reads like something straight 
out of The Invaders, but I feel it should be included here nevertheless.

According to Smith's informant, UFOs represent an advanced technology 
from another planet, which in many respects is similar to earth. The 
problem is that their sun is dying and their planet has begun to cool. 
"The aliens have decided their only way to survive is to migrate to another 
world that would have an environment similar to their own planet," Smith 
was supposedly told. "Our planet represents the one opportunity for their 
civilization to endure. The problem for mankind is that we're living here.'' 
Smith's source went on to explain that-not surprisingly-it would be 
impossible for our civilization to absorb immigrants from another planet.

"The social turmoil would be beyond comprehension. The economic 
chaos that would come about would destroy the foundations of our lives,"
Smith was told.

The CIA has ostensibly obtained data showing that the UFOs have 
conducted a systematic plan of surveillance, beginning with collecting 
plant and animal specimens, then establishing contact at random with 
humans. "Currently, they are embarked on a biological study of people 
to determine how we differ," the informant volunteered. "They're de- 
termining whether our two races can interbreed and, if so, what the mutant 
will look like, its genetic composition, and so forth. . . . We also know 
they've tested our defenses to see if we can withstand an invasion. There- 
fore, at some time in the future, we expect UFOs to become increasingly 
hostile."

Smith wanted to know if the world's governments know about this 
alarming situation. "Some do," he was told. "Others are on a need to 
know basis. We've maintained secrecy because the truth might destroy 
us." Why then was Smith given this information? "It doesn't have the 
official stamp," was the reply. "You're not the only person who is 
receiving information. A slow, gradual release of the facts will prevent 
panic."

Smith asked about the wilder tales of encounters with UFOs. "Some 
of those come from our government attempting to confuse the facts,' 
the informant said. "Many of the reports are being created by the aliens 
to achieve the same ends. The past several years has produced some 
incredibly wild contactee reports. We believe the extraterrestrials are 
testing our ability to withstand psychological warfare. To date, the people 
selected haven't done too well in that respect."

The official added that he expected an increase in bizarre contactee 
cases such as those where witnesses have been approached by UFOs and 
then had their memories erased. (Since this conversation took place in 
the early 1970s there has indeed been an increase in such cases.) "We 
know there's a purpose behind their actions and the end result may not 
be for the betterment of humanity," he said. 
"Can we believe the CIA story?" asks Warren Smith. "Or is this 
another of the agency's efforts to confuse the facts in ufology?"47


DECLINING CIA INTEREST.

A series of released CIA Domestic Collection Division memos written 
in 1976 give the impression that the Agency was no longer actively 
engaged in UFO research at this time, although one memo, dated 14

April, confirms that the Agency still retained experts on the subject: 
"Source seeks guidance from CIA UFO experts as to material in his 
report that should remain classified." A 26 April memo confirms that 
the CIA was continuing to monitor the phenomena, but not on an official 
basis:

It does not seem that the government has any formal program in progress 
for the identification/solution of the UFO phenomena. Dr. [deleted] feels 
that the efforts of independent researchers, [deleted], are vital for further 
progress in this area. At the present time, there are offices and personnel 
within the agency who are monitoring the UFO phenomena, but again, 
this is not currently on an official basis. Dr. [ ] feels that the best 
approach would be to keep in touch with and in fact develop reporting 
channels in this area to keep the agency/community informed of any new 
developments. In particular, any information which might indicate a threat 
potential would be of interest, as would specific indications of foreign 
developments or applications of UFO research. . . . We wish to stress 
again, that there does not now appear to be any special program on UFOs 
within the intelligence community. [Emphasis added] 
Another CIA/DCD memo written a month later (27 May 1976) states:

Our source felt that [deleted] work might be of interest to the US govern- 
ment and that it should be evaluated by the Agency. The source also felt 
that it could be analyzed outside the context of its UFO connection if 
necessary to remove it from a controversial subject.

As before we are faced with the problem of having UFO related data 
which is deemed potentially important for the US by our S&T [Science 
and Technology] sources, evaluated. As you are aware, at this time there 
is no channel or working group to which we can turn for this type of 
analysis and dissemination. Thus, if it is acceptable to you we will continue 
to periodically advise you or your designee of any new or potentially 
important FI [Foreign Intelligence] developments which might arise from 
current independent scientific research on the UFO phenomena.

Finally, a CIA/DCD memo dated 14 July 1976 sheds further light on 
the CIA's apparent attitude to the subject at the time:

At a recent meeting to evaluate some material from [deleted], you men- 
tioned a personal interest in the UFO phenomena. As you may recall, I 
mentioned my own interest in the subject as well as the fact that DCD had 
been receiving UFO related material from many of our S&T sources who 
are presently conducting related research. These scientists include some 
THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 361 
who have been associated with the Agency for years and whose credentials 
remove them from the "nut" variety.

The attached material came to my attention through these sources and 
it appears to have some legitimate FI or community interest potential'.

The [deleted] work being carried out by Dr. [deleted] should, in the 
view of our S&T sources, be evaluated by the Agency or community.

In view of the expertise associated with your office, as well as your 
own interest in the subject, I felt you might like to see the material.

These Domestic Collection Division memoranda appear to indicate the 
CIA's declining involvement in UFO research, although it is evident that 
the Agency continued to monitor the subject. Since intelligence is highly 
compartmentalized, the probability exists that the writers of the DCD 
memos did not have access to all the information on the subject obtained 
by the Science and Technology Division, nor other divisions of the Agency.

It is also probable that the DCD officers were unaware of any hypothetical 
above top secret research still being conducted within the CIA and other 
intelligence agencies.

One of the last CIA documents to be released under the Freedom of 
Information Act is an unevaluated Foreign Intelligence Information Re- 
port relating to a sighting by the crew of a British Airways plane on 10

September 1976, which I have included in Chapter 10. It is therefore 
obvious that the Agency continued to maintain a close watch on UFO 
reports, and from more recent documents released by other agencies, such 
as the Defense Intelligence Agency, it is evident that the CIA continues 
to monitor all UFO reports, since these other agencies apparently have 
orders to forward details to the Agency immediately.

In 1983 I wrote to the CIA's Information and Privacy Coordinator, 
Larry R. Strawderman, asking the following questions: Is the CIA still 
involved in the study of UFO reports? How many-or what percentage- 
of those reports remain unexplained? Of those unexplained reports, has 
the Agency found any evidence of extraterrestrial activity, in the sense 
that intelligently controlled vehicles are operating in our atmosphere? I 
received the following reply:

There is no organized Central Intelligence Agency effort to do research in 
connection with the UFO phenomena, nor has there been an organized 
effort to collect intelligence on UFOs since the 1950s. Since then there 
have been sporadic instances of correspondence dealing with the subject 
and the receipt of various kinds of reports of UFO sightings.

The Agency interest lies in its forewarning responsibility. This interest 
is principally in the possibility of a hostile power developing new weapon 
systems which might exhibit phenomena that some might categorize as 
an UFO.

Under the Freedom of Information Act the only role of my office is to 
provide Agency records that can be described so that they can be located 
and reviewed for declassification and release to the public. In view of this, 
and in view of the fact that this Agency terminated active participation in 
any investigation into the UFO phenomena many years ago, I regret that 
I am unable to address the other questions posed in your letter48.

Brian Freemantle, author of CIA, has confirmed to me that according 
to his information the Agency's involvement in the UFO question was 
mainly in the early 1950s, and that it has substantially diminished since 
then. Freemantle considered including a chapter in his book on the Agen- 
cy's interest in UFOs, but he was unable to obtain enough information. 
"The problem was that the CIA's inquiries were conducted largely by 
their Scientific and Technical Division, with whom I had no contacts," 
he explained to me.

As you will be aware, intelligence agencies are strictly compartmented 
and people who assisted me did not have access to divisions other than 
their own. I was told at one stage, however, that the Agency contracted 
out some of their research through Stanford University, in Palo Alto, 
California. And that the concentration of inquiries, both in the early 1950's 
and subsequently, has come under the umbrella of Air Force intelligence 
and the National Security Agency-through its electronic expertise-rather 
than the CIA itself.49

Todd Zechel, a former employee of the National Security Agency, 
maintains that the NSA has always played a subordinate role to the CIA 
in this respect, and whatever UFO data it gathered was passed on to the 
CIA, where it was analyzed by the Office of Scientific Intelligence, with 
the NSA kept in ignorance of the conclusions. Admiral S tans held Turner, 
former Director of Central Intelligence, confirms that the NSA is essen- 
tially subservient to the Director of Central Intelligence, but that there 
have been occasions when it has performed its own analysis and failed 
to turn over the material to the CIA. States Turner:

The NSA is mandated to collect intelligence, not to analyze it. It must do 
enough analysis about what it has collected to decide what it should collect 
next . . . this level of analysis is termed "processing." Processing is 
regularly stretched by the NSA into full-scale analysis. . . . Although the 
NSA has excellent analysts to do its processing, it does not have the range 
of analytic talent needed for responsible analysis, nor all of the relevant 
THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 
363 
data from the other collecting agencies needed for a comprehensive job 
. . . and is less likely to take account of photographic or human intelligence.

Professional rivalry seems to have caused considerable problems be- 
tween the two agencies, Turner reports.50

To what extent this rivalry has caused problems with regard to analysis 
of the UFO question I do not know, and my comments to Admiral Turner 
on the matter were not touched on in his answering letters. I also asked 
the admiral: (a) if he was briefed on the subject following his appointment 
as DCI; (b) whether it was possible that some highly secret information 
had been withheld from him during his tenure; and (c) if he was aware 
of the highly-classified group Majestic 12. In his friendly and helpful 
replies, the former DCI pointed out that he was not specially briefed on 
the subject, but in due course he did look at what information the Agency 
had. He believes that I am drawing unwarranted conclusions from the 
available data. Anytime there is a UFO sighting, he explained, the in- 
telligence agencies must take an interest. Regarding information still being 
withheld, the admiral emphasized that it is only comparatively recently, 
under the Freedom of Information Act, that hitherto secret information 
has been declassified and released to the public. There was also not the 
slightest evidence to support the theory that sensitive information had 
been withheld from him.

The admiral emphasized an important and perfectly understandable 
point: that there is a genuine concern that anything written in intelligence 
channels that gives any credence whatsoever to UFOs, when released to 
the public, may be highly distorted.51 He refrained from commenting in 
any way on Majestic 12.


WHY NO LEAKS.

One of skeptic Philip Klass's main objections to the cover-up hypothesis 
is that there have been no leaks of information from intelligence sources 
regarding the subject of UFOs, and that it is next to impossible to keep 
anything secret for long in Washington. Aside from the fact that there 
have been a number of positive statements made by ex-intelligence chiefs, 
there have also been occasional leaks by those claiming association with 
or employment by intelligence agencies, which I have referred to in this 
and other chapters.

Todd Zechel believes that former intelligence personnel such as Victor 
Marchetti, John Marks, and Philip Agee, who leaked a great deal of 
information on practically everything about the CIA except its involve- 
ment in UFO research, never had access to UFO data. "Perhaps the 
dissemination was so restricted they were not privy to it," he says.' 'Those 
who could inform us about UFOs are not talking-at least, not publicly.

This is perhaps due-besides all the other considerations-to the fact 
that most of the world's population may not be psychologically prepared 
to deal with the implications of extraterrestrial life, and these men theorize 
that now is not the time for such an announcement/' 
In a letter published in 1985, Zechel argues persuasively that secrets 
can be kept by citing an instance during his service with the Army Security 
Agency when a Soviet rocket and space capsule were recovered, partially 
intact.

All told, several hundred persons were involved in the operation. Most 
were intelligence personnel with very high security clearances. Over a 
period of time, one supposes, as many as 1000 persons have had access 
to the secret. Yet to this day not one word about the operation has leaked 
out anywhere-except for what is revealed here. Obviously, the event did 
not have the same transcendental impact as the recovery of a crashed flying 
saucer, but it does provide a model of a similar big secret that was kept.

And it does demonstrate that properly motivated and cleared personnel can 
keep a lid on something of sensational value.53


AN EX-CIA OFFICIAL GIVES REASONS FOR THE COVER-UP 

In 1979 Victor Marchetti, former Executive Assistant to the Deputy Di- 
rector and Special Assistant to the Executive Director of the CIA, stated 
that during his time in the Agency UFOs were not normally discussed 
because the subject came under the area of "very sensitive activities."

Marchetti said that although he had heard rumors from "high levels" in 
the Agency of "little gray men" whose craft had crashed being kept by 
the Air Force at the Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson Air 
Force Base, he had not seen any conclusive evidence for the reality of 
UFOs. But he concedes that the CIA's attempts to debunk the phenom- 
enon have all the classic hallmarks of a cover-up.

Marchetti believes that the released CIA/UFO information tells us 
perhaps more than the government thinks. From the very beginning in 
1947 the CIA has closely monitored UFO reports on a worldwide basis.

Although most of the FOIA documents indicate only a routine interest 
in the problem, which was handled largely by the Foreign Broadcast 
Information Service, Foreign Documents Division, and the Domestic 
Contact Service-all innocuous, nonclandestine units-they also dis- 
close, by inference, a standing requirement of the Directorate of Science 
and Technology for gathering UFO data. This, in turn, indicates other 
collection units, says Marchetti, such as the Clandestine Services, the 
CIA's directorate which was given the task of providing information from 
all over the world on the UFO phenomenon. "However," he adds, "few 
such reports were released-and that implies a cover-up!" His theory is 
that: 
we have, indeed, been contacted-perhaps even visited-by extraterres- 
trial beings, and the U.S. government, in collusion with the other national 
powers of the earth, is determined to keep this information from the general 
public. The purpose of the international conspiracy is to maintain a work- 
able stability among the nations of the world and for them, in turn, to 
retain institutional control over their respective populations. Thus, for these 
governments to admit that there are beings from outer space . . . with 
mentalities and technological capabilities obviously far superior to ours, 
could, once fully perceived by the average person, erode the foundations 
of the earth's traditional power structure. Political and legal systems, re- 
ligions, economic and social institutions could all soon become meaningless 
in the mind of the public. The national oligarchical establishments, even 
civilization as we now know it, could collapse into anarchy. Such extreme 
conclusions are not necessarily valid, but they probably accurately reflect 
the fears of the "ruling classes" of the major nations, whose leaders 
(particularly those in the intelligence business) have always advocated 
excessive governmental secrecy as being necessary to preserve "national 
security." 


=========================================================================
15. NASA 

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, established in 1958, 
coordinates and directs the aeronautical and space research program in 
the United States. Its budget for space activities alone is larger than the 
general budgets of a number of the world's important countries.

Although officially a civilian agency, NASA collaborates with the CIA, 
Department of Defense, National Reconnaissance Office, National Se- 
curity Agency and other agencies, and many of its personnel have high 
security clearances owing to the sensitive intelligence aspects of many 
of its programs. Research into UFOs is one such program.

On 11 May 1962 NASA pilot Joseph A. Walker admitted that it was 
one of his appointed tasks to detect unidentified objects during his flights 
in the rocket-powered X-15 aircraft, and referred to five or six cylindrical 
or disk-shaped objects that he had filmed during his record-breaking fifty- 
mile-high flight in April that year. He also admitted that it was the second 
occasion on which he had filmed UFOs in flight. "I don't feel like 
speculating about them,', he said during a lecture at the Second National 
Conference on the Peaceful Uses of Space Research in Seattle, Wash- 
ington. "All I know is what appeared on the film which was developed 
after the flight."1

Britain's FSR magazine cabled NASA headquarters requesting further 
information and copies of stills from the film taken by Walker. "Objects 
recently reported by NASA pilot Joe Walker have now been identified 
as ice flaking off the X-15 aircraft," NASA replied. "Analysis of ad- 
ditional film cameras mounted on top the X-15 led to identification of 
the previously unidentifiable objects. . . .No still photos are available.' '2 [Emphasis added] 

On 17 July 1962 Major Robert White piloted an X-15 to a height of 
fifty-eight miles, and on his return reported having seen a strange object 
at the top of his climb. "I have no idea what it could be," he said. "It 
was grayish in color and about thirty to forty feet away." Then, according 
to Time magazine, Major White is reported to have said excitedly over 
his radio: "There are things out there. There absolutely is!"3 
"Two years ago," a NASA scientist said in 1967, "most of us regarded 
UFOs as a branch of witchcraft, one of the foibles of modern man. But 
so many reputable people have expressed interest in confidence to NASA, 
that I would not be in the least surprised to see the space agency begin 
work on a UFO study contract within the next twelve months."

One of those who expressed interest was Dr. Allen Hynek, who wanted 
NASA to use its superlative space-tracking network to monitor and doc- 
ument the entry of unidentified objects into the earth's atmosphere. The 
problem then-as now-is that UFO sightings tracked by NASA remain 
exempt from public disclosure since they are classified top secret. But 
there have been leaks.

In April 1964 two radar technicians at Cape Kennedy revealed that 
they had observed UFOs in pursuit of an unmanned Gemini space capsule.

And in January 1961 it was reliably reported that the Cape's automatic 
tracking gear locked on to a mysterious object which was apparently 
following a Polaris missile over the South Atlantic.4

A 1967 NASA Management Instruction established procedures for 
handling reports of sightings of objects such as "fragments or component 
parts of space vehicles known or alleged by an observer to have impacted 
upon the earth's surface as a result of safety destruct action, failure in 
flight, or reentry into the earth's atmosphere," and also includes "reports 
of sightings of objects not related to space vehicles.'' A rather euphemistic 
way of putting it, to be sure, but the internal instruction continues: "It 
is KSC [Kennedy Space Center] policy to respond to reported sightings 
of space vehicle fragments and unidentified flying objects as promptly as 
possible. . . . Under no circumstances will the origin of the object be 
discussed with the observer or person making the call."5 [Emphasis 
added] 

A 1978 NASA information sheet gives the Agency's official policy 
on the subject:

NASA is the focal point for answering public inquiries to the White House 
relating to UFOs. NASA is not engaged in a research program involving 
these phenomena, nor is any other government agency. Reports of un- 
identified objects entering United States air space are of interest to the 
military as a regular part of defense surveillance. Beyond that, the U.S.

Air Force no longer investigates reports of UFO sightings.6

In 1978 CAUS (Citizens Against UFO Secrecy) filed a request for 
information relating to a NASA report entitled UFO Study Considera- 
tions, which had previously been prepared in association with the CIA.

In his response, Miles Waggoner of NASA's Public Information Services 
Branch denied this. "There were no formal meetings or any correspon- 
dence with the CIA,' he stated. Following another inquiry by CAUS, 
NASA's Associate Administrator for External Relations, Kenneth Chap- 
man, explained that the NASA report had been prepared solely by NASA 
employees but that the CIA had been consulted by telephone to determine 
"whether they were aware of any tangible or physical UFO evidence that 
could be analyzed; the CIA responded that they were aware of no such 
evidence, either classified or unclassified."7

NASA's statement in the 1978 information sheet that it was not engaged 
in a research program involving UFOs, "nor is any other government 
agency," is demonstrably false, as is its denial of Air Force investigations.


PRESIDENT CARTER SEEKS TO RE-OPEN INVESTIGATIONS 

During his election campaign in 1976, Jimmy Carter revealed that he had 
seen a UFO at Leary, Georgia, in 1969, together with witnesses, prior 
to giving a speech at the local Lions Club. "It was the darndest thing 
I've ever seen," he told reporters. "It was big, it was very bright, it 
changed colors and it was about the size of the moon. We watched it for 
ten minutes, but none of us could figure out what it was. One thing's for 
sure; I'll never make fun of people who say they've seen unidentified 
objects in the sky."8

Carter's sighting has been ridiculed by skeptics such as Philip Klass 
and Robert Sheaffer. While there appear to be legitimate grounds for 
disputing the date of the incident, Sheaffer's verdict that the UFO was 
nothing more exotic than the planet Venus is not tenable.9 As a graduate 
in nuclear physics who served as a line officer on US Navy nuclear 
submarines, Carter would not have been fooled by anything so prosaic 
as Venus, and in any case he described the UFO as being about the same 
size as the moon. 

"If I become President," Carter vowed, "I'll make every piece of 
information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public 
and the scientists."10 Although President Carter did all he could to fulfill 
his election pledge, he was thwarted, and it is clear that NASA had a 
hand in blocking his attempts to reopen investigations. When Carter's 
science adviser, Dr. Frank Press, wrote to NASA Administrator Dr. Robert Frosch in February 1977 suggesting that NASA should become 
the "focal point for the UFO question,''11 Dr. Frosch replied that although 
he was prepared to continue responding to public inquiries, he proposed 
that "NASA take no steps to establish a research activity in this area or 
to convene a symposium on this subject/' 
In a letter from Colonel Charles Senn, Chief of the Air Force Com- 
munity Relations Division, to Lieutenant General Duward Crow of NASA, 
dated 1 September 1977, Colonel Senn made the following astonishing 
statement: "sincerely hope that you are successful in preventing a 
reopening of UFO investigations." So it is clear that NASA (as well as 
the Air Force and almost certainly the CIA and National Security Agency) 
was anxious to ensure that the President's election pledge remained un- 
fulfilled.


DR. JAMES MCDONALD 

Dr. James McDonald, senior physicist at the Institute of Atmospheric 
Physics and Professor in the Department of Meteorology at the University 
of Arizona, who committed suicide in unusual circumstances in 1971, 
tried unsuccessfully to persuade NASA to take on primary responsibility 
for UFO investigations. He reported in 1967:

Curiously, I have said this both in NASA and fairly widely reported public 
discussions before scientific colleagues, yet the response from NASA has 
been nil. . . . Even attempting to get a small group within NASA to 
undertake a study group approach to the available published effort seems 
to have generated no response. I realize, of course, that there may be semi- 
political considerations that make it awkward for NASA to fish in these 
waters at present, but if this is what is holding up serious scientific attention 
to the UFO problem at NASA this is all the more reason Congress had 
better take a good hard look at the problem and reshuffle the deck. ... I 
have learned from a number of unquotable sources that the Air Force has 
long wished to get rid of the burden of the troublesome UFO problem and 
has twice tried to "peddle" it to NASA-without success.1

While McDonald recognized that there were "semi-political consid- 
erations" affecting NASA's reluctance to become publicly involved in 
UFO investigations, he failed to perceive that UFOs are more an intel- 
ligence problem than a scientific one. He was simply unaware of the true 
extent of NASA's secret involvement. 


THE PIONEERS 

One of the great pioneers in astronautics is Dr. Hermann Oberth, whom 
I had the honor of meeting in 1972. In 1955 Oberth was invited by Dr.

Wernher von Braun to go to the United States where he worked on rockets 
with the Army Ballistic Missile Agency, and later NASA at the George 
C. Marshall Space Flight Center. Oberth's statements on the UFO ques- 
tion have always been unequivocal, and he told me that he is convinced 
UFOs are extraterrestrial in origin. In the following he elaborated on his 
hypothesis for UFO propulsion: 
. . . today we cannot produce machines that fly as UFOs do. They are 
flying by means of artificial fields of gravity. This would explain the sudden 
changes of directions. . . . This hypothesis would also explain the piling 
up of these disks into a cylindrical or cigar-shaped mothership upon leaving 
the earth, because in this fashion only one field of gravity would be required 
for all disks.

They produce high-tension electric charges in order to push the air out 
of their path . . . and strong magnetic fields to influence the ionised air at 
higher altitudes. . . . This would explain their luminosity. . . . Secondly, 
it would explain the noiselessness^of UFO flight. Finally, this assumption 
also explains the strong electrical and magnetic effects sometimes, but not 
always, observed in the vicinity of UFOs.13

Earlier, Dr. Oberth hinted that there had been actual contact with the 
UFOs at a scientific level. "We cannot take the credit for our record 
advancement in certain scientific fields alone; we have been helped," he 
is quoted as having said. When asked by whom, he replied: "The people 
of other worlds."*4 There are persistent rumors that the US has even 
test-flown a few advanced vehicles, based on information allegedly ac- 
quired as a result of contact with extraterrestrials and the study of grounded 
UFOs.

In 1959 Dr. Wernher von Braun, another great space pioneer, made 
an intriguing statement, reported in Germany. Referring to the deflection 
from orbit of the US Juno 2 rocket, he stated: "We find ourselves faced 
by powers which are far stronger than we had hitherto assumed, and 
whose base is at present unknown to us. More I cannot say at present.

We are now engaged in entering into closer contact with those powers, 
and in six or nine months' time it may be possible to speak with more 
precision on the matter."15 [Emphasis added.

There has been nothing further published on the matter. As Dr. Robert 
Sarbacher has commented (see Chapter 16), von Braun was probably 
involved in the recoveries of crashed UFOs in the late 1940s, and it is 
my opinion that he was constrained from elaborating on the subject owing 
to the security oath that he must have been subject to. I cannot prove 
this, of course, any more than 1 can substantiate information I have 
received from a reliable source that top secret contacts have been made 
by extraterrestrials with selected scientists in the space program.16 It must 
be admitted, though, that von Braun's statement comes close to corro- 
borating this. What else could he have meant when he said, "We are 
now engaged in entering into closer contact with those powers"? The 
Soviets.


NASA WITHHOLDS PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 

That NASA has been engaged in UFO research behind the scenes is alone 
proven, to my satisfaction at least, by its shady involvement in the analysis 
of metal samples discovered at the site where Sergeant Lonnie Zamora 
encountered a landed UFO and occupants at Socorro, New Mexico, in 
April 1964 (see Chapter 14). On 31 July 1964 Ray Stanford and some 
members of NICAP visited NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center at 
Greenbelt, Maryland, in order to have a rock with particles of metal on 
it analyzed by NASA scientists. Dr. Henry Frankel, head of the Spacecraft 
Systems Branch, directed the analysis. The particles had apparently been 
scraped on to the rock by one of the UFO's landing legs. On first in- 
spection of the rock through a microscope, Dr. Frankel declared that 
some of the particles "look like they may have been in a molten state 
when scraped onto the rock," and expressed the desire to remove them 
from the rock for further analysis. Stanford agreed to this, but said that 
he wanted to retain half of the particles for his own use.

The researchers were invited to go to lunch while NASA engineers 
conducted their analysis. After lunch, Stanford and the others (Richard 
Hall, Robert McGarey, and Walter Webb), returned to the laboratory 
building. A NASA technician brought the rock over to the group. "As 
he handed it to me," said Stanford, "I was able to carefully observe it 
in the bright light inside the room. The whole thing had been scraped 
clean. Someone had gone over that rock with the equivalent of a fine- 
toothed comb. There was nothing, not a speck of the metal left . . . even 
the very few tiny particles that I had known were rather well hidden had 
been removed."

When Stanford complained, the technician insisted that half of the 
samples were still on the rock, as promised, but seeing Stanford's disbelief 
hastily left the room. Dr. Frankel then returned, and after Stanford had 
remonstrated with him, explained what had happened. "Well, we tried 
to leave you some," he said, "but we also had to get enough to make 
an accurate analysis. The sample will be placed under radiation this 
afternoon, where it will remain the entire weekend. Monday, we will 
remove it for X-ray diffraction tests. That should tell us the elements it 
contains ... if you will call me, say on Wednesday, I should be able 
to tell you something very definite."

Before contacting Dr. Frankel again, Stanford and McGarey had a 
meeting with a US Navy captain in Washington who was interested in 
the Socorro case. The captain told the researchers that they would never 
get their metal samples back from Frankel. "If that metal is in any way 
unusual," he said, "he will never give you any documentation to prove 
it . . . Those boys at Goddard know that they must report any findings 
as important as a strange UFO alloy to the highest authority in NASA.

Once that authority receives the news, the President will be informed, 
for the matter is pertinent to national security and stability. A security 
directive will instruct those self-appointed authorities at Goddard as to 
just whose hands the matter is really in. . . ."

On 5 August 1964 Ray Stanford phoned Dr. Frankel at the Goddard 
Space Flight Center. "I'm glad you called," the scientist said. "I have 
some news that I think will make you happy." He went on:

The particles are comprised of a material that could not occur naturally.

Specifically, it consists predominantly of two metallic elements, and there 
is something that is rather exciting about the zinc-iron alloy of which we 
find the particles to consist: Our charts of all alloys known to be manu- 
factured on earth, the U.S.S.R. included, do not show any alloy of the 
specific combination or ratio of the two main elements involved here. This 
finding definitely strengthens the case that might be made for an extrater- 
restrial origin of the Socorro object.

Dr. Frankel added that the alloy would make "an excellent, highly 
malleable, and corrosive-resistant coating for a spacecraft landing gear, 
or for about anything where those qualities are needed." He also said 
that he was prepared to make a statement before a congressional hearing 
to this effect, if necessary.

Frankel went on to say that further analysis would be carried out, and 
that Stanford should call him again the following week. On 12 August 
Stanford placed a call to Frankel, but was told by his secretary that he 
was "not available" and suggested he try contacting him the following 
Jay. On 13 August Stanford phoned again. "Dr. Frankel simply is not 
available today," the secretary announced. "He wonders if you might 
try him the first part of next week?"
On 17 August Stanford rang Frankel's office, only to be told yet again 
that he was not available. Ominously, the secretary added: "Dr. Frankel 
is unprepared, at this time, to discuss the information you are calling 
about." On 18 August Stanford tried again. "I'm sorry," the secretary 
said, "but Dr. Frankel is in a top-level security conference. I doubt that 
he will be able to talk with you until tomorrow or the next day."

Failing to get hold of Frankel the following day, Stanford left a tel- 
ephone number with the secretary. On 20 August Thomas P. Sciacca, 
Jr., of NASA's Spacecraft Systems Branch phoned Stanford. "I have 
been appointed to call you and report the official conclusion of the Socorro 
sample analysis," he said. "Dr. Frankel is no longer involved with the 
matter, so in response to your repeated inquiries, I want to tell you the 
results of the analysis. Everything you were told earlier by Dr. Frankel 
was a mistake. The sample was determined to be silica, Si02-' 
In 1967 Dr. Allen Hynek invited Ray Stanford to a lecture he was 
giving in Phoenix, and afterward Hynek asked: "Whatever happened 
with the analysis at Goddard of that metallic sample from the rock you 
took from the Socorro site?" Both Hynek and Stanford had been closely 
involved in investigations at the landing site, but Stanford was puzzled 
as to how Hynek knew about the NASA analysis. "I was not sure where 
Hynek had learned of the fact that I had taken the rock which Lonnie 
Zamora had pointed out to both of us, and which the astronomer had 
ignored," he said. "I was interested to note that he specifically knew it 
was analyzed at Goddard. That fact had never been published."

Stanford told Hynek that NASA's "official" analysis had revealed it 
to be common silica. "That cannot be true!" exclaimed Hynek. "I am 
familiar with the analysis techniques involved. Silica could not be mis- 
taken for a zinc-iron alloy. They haven't given you the truth! I would 
accept Frankel's original report and forget the later disclaimer."17

Given that the original analysis was accurate, it is worth recording 
NASA Administrator Dr. Robert Frosch's statement in the letter he wrote 
to President Carter's science adviser, Dr. Frank Press, in 1977: "There 
is an absence of tangible or physical evidence available for thorough 
laboratory analysis. ... To proceed [therefore] on a research task without 
a disciplinary framework and an exploratory technique in mind would be 
wasteful and probably unproductive." 


THE SILVER SPRING FILM 

In my first book I devoted a chapter to the controversial 8mm color movie 
film taken by George Adamski in the presence of Madeleine Rodeffer 
and other unnamed witnesses outside Madeleine's home at Silver Spring, 
Maryland, in February 1965. I have been taken to task for endorsing the 
authenticity of this "obviously fake" film taken by a "proven charlatan," 
but I have yet to see any conclusive evidence that it was actually faked.

Both my co-author Lou Zinsstag and I exposed as many of the inconsis- 
tencies in Adamski's claims that were available to us at the time of writing, 
but that short piece of film, taken a few months before Adamski's death, 
remains authentic in my opinion at least.

Sometime between 3 and 4 p.m. on 26 February 1965 an unidentified 
craft of the famous type photographed by Adamski in 1952 (and others 
subsequently) described a series of maneuvers over Madeleine's front 
yard, retracting and lowering one of its three pods and making a gentle 
humming and swishing sound as it did so. Adamski began filming the 
craft with Madeleine's 8mm camera. "It looked blackish-brown or gray- 
ish-brown at times," Madeleine told me, "but when it came in close it 
looked greenish and blueish, and it looked aluminum: it depended on 
which way it was tilting. Then at one point it actually stood absolutely 
still between the bottom of the steps and the driveway." The craft then 
disappeared from view, but reappeared above the roof and described 
maneuvers once more before finally disappearing vertically. Madeleine 
told me that she could make out human figures at the portholes, but details 
were obscured.

When the film was developed the following week something was ob- 
viously wrong with many of the frames and it was apparent that it had 
been interfered with. Obviously faked frames had been substituted by 
person or persons unknown. "They took the original film," Madeleine 
believes, "and what I think they did was rephotograph portions of the 
original . . . and then fake some stuff. The film I got back is not the 
original film at all."

Fortunately enough frames showing the craft as they had remembered 
it survived out of the twenty-five feet that had been taken, and these were 
analyzed by William T. Sherwood, an optical physicist who was formerly 
a senior project development engineer for the Eastman-Kodak Company 
in Rochester, NY. I spent many hours discussing the film with Bill, and 
in 1968 he provided me with a brief technical summary of his evaluations 
as they related to the prints he made from the "original" film.

It's hard to capture the nuances of the original film. None of the movie 
duplicates are good: too much contrast. The outlines look "peculiar" due 
to distortions, I believe, caused by the "forcefield." The glow beneath 
the flange is, J. think, significant. Incidentally, the tree [near the top of 
which the craft maneuvered] is very high (90 ft?). Roughly, the geometry 
of imagery is this: 
object size distance 27ft 90ft 
- =* or = 
image size focal length 2mm 9mm 
In 1977 Bill Sherwood sent me further details of his evaluations:

The camera was a Bell & Howell Animation Autoload Standard 8, Model 
315, with a fl.8 lens, 9-29 mm, used in the 9mm position. ... As you 
can measure, the image on the film (original) is about 2.7mm maximum.

So for a 90ft distant object, [the diameter] would be about 27 feet. . . .

It was a large tree, and the limb that the saucer seems to "touch" could 
have been about that distance from the camera . . . but unfortunately I 
could not find a single frame where the saucer could clearly be said to be 
behind the limb. So it is not conclusive as for distance, and therefore for 
size. ... In some of the frames of the original, portholes are seen.

In reply to my query as to whether it was possible to authenticate the 
film unequivocally, Bill said that there is no absolutely foolproof way of 
assessing whether a photo is "real" or not. One must just take everything 
into account, including as much as one can learn about the person in- 
volved, and then make an educated guess. In the final analysis, he said, 
it comes down to this question: "Is this the kind of person whom I can 
imagine going to all the trouble and expense of simulating what only a 
well-equipped studio with a large budget could begin to approximate, 
and defending it through the years with no apparent gain and much 
inconvenience?"

One of the peculiarities of the film is that the outlines of the craft look 
peculiarly distorted at times. Bill Sherwood believes this is due to a 
powerful gravitational field that produces optical distortions, an opinion 
that is shared by Leonard Cramp, an aeronautical engineer and designer 
who has worked for De Havilland, Napier, Saunders-Roe and Westland 
Aircraft companies (at Napier he patented the invention of an Induction 
Mixed-Fluid Ramjet). In his pioneering book, Piece for a Jig-Saw, Cramp 
proposed a theory to account for this peculiar effect:

Earlier, when discussing light in terms of the G [gravitational field] theory, 
we saw how we might expect such a field to form an atmospheric lens, 
producing optical effects which might be further augmented by other field 
effects as well as the gravitational bending of light. . . .

Now it follows that if there would be a local increase in atmospheric 
pressure due to a powerful G field, then similarly we could expect a 
decrease in atmospheric pressure to accompany a powerful R [repulsion] 
field, and again we would not be surprised to find optical effects ... we 
can now say, while a G field might produce optical magnifying properties, 
an R field could produce optical reducing properties.

Leonard Cramp had not seen the Silver Spring film prior to publishing 
his book, and was delighted that it seemed to confirm his hypothesis.

Like Bill Sherwood and myself, he is in no doubt that the film is authentic.

On 27 February 1967 (two years after it had been taken) the film was 
shown to twenty-two NASA officials at the Goddard Space Flight Center.

Discussion afterward lasted for an hour and a half, and just before Ma- 
deleine left, one of the two friends with her was allegedly told that it 
was "a very important piece of film" and that the craft was 27 feet in 
diameter (the figure calculated independently by Bill Sherwood).20 Un- 
fortunately, I have been unable to confirm this.

In reply to my queries, NASA scientist Paul D. Lowman Jr., of the 
Geophysics Branch at Goddard, stated that according to one of those 
present, Herbert A. Tiedemann, everyone considered the Silver Spring 
film to be fake. Dr. Lowman, who had helped set up the meeting but 
was unable to attend, offered the following comments on the color photos 
from the film that I sent him:

First, it is not possible to make any precise determination of the object's 
size from the relationship (which is basically correct) quoted by Mr. Sher- 
wood. Given any three of these quantities, one can calculate the fourth.

The focal length and image size are obviously known, but not the distance, 
which can only be roughly estimated. The equation can be no better than 
its most inexact quantity, and one might as well just estimate the size of 
the object directly. My own strong impression is that these frames show 
a small object, perhaps up to 2 or 3 feet across, a short distance from the 
camera. Judging from the photo of Mrs. Rodeffer's house, a 27 foot UFO 
would have occupied most of the cleared area in the front yard, and from 
such a short distance would have been a very large photographic object.21

Although Bill Sherwood readily concedes that his estimate of the pre- 
cise distance from the camera is arbitrary, he is sure that it is reasonably 
accurate, and my own tests at the site show that, with the camera lens 
set on wide angle (as it was at the time), an object of this approximate 
size and distance would appear exactly as it does on the film. That either 
Adamski or Madeleine (or both) could have faked the film using a small 
model, and then have the audacity to show it at NASA, seems far-fetched 
in the extreme. Moreover, to produce the distortion effects as well as the 
lowering and retracting of one of the pods with a small model, is out of 
the question as far as I am concerned. As a semi-professional photographer 
I can speak with some authority on the matter myself.

Following the death of Adamski, Madeleine Rodeffer experienced a 
great deal of ridicule and harassment, and nearly all copies of the "faked" 
film have been stolen-in the United States and elsewhere.

Two photographs of an identical craft were taken by young Stephen 
Darbishire in the presence of his cousin Adrian Myers in Coniston, En- 
gland, in February 1954. For the benefit of those who contend that Dar- 
bishire had faked the pictures and recanted later, the following statement 
from a letter he wrote to me in 1986 is illuminating: 
. . . when I said that I had seen a UFO I was laughed at, attacked, and 
surrounded by strange people ... In desperation I remember I refuted the 
statement and said it was a fake. I was counter-attacked, accused of working 
with the "Dark Powers" . . . or patronizingly "understood" for following 
orders from some secret government department.

There was something. It happened a long time ago, and I do not wish 
to be drawn into the labyrinth again. Unfortunately the negatives were 
stolen and all the prints gone . . .22


THE ASTRONAUTS 

In the early 1970s I had the pleasure of several meetings in Britain and 
the US with the former US Navy test pilot, intelligence officer, and 
pioneer astronaut Scott Carpenter, who had reputedly seen UFOs and 
photographed one of them during his flight in the Mercury 7 capsule on 
24 May 1962. Scott vehemently denied this, and poured scorn on other 
reports of sightings by fellow astronauts. I noticed that he appeared to 
be ill at ease when discussing the subject, and whenever I produced 
documentary evidence for official concern in this area he became visibly 
nervous. But in November 1972 Scott kindly wrote on my behalf to 
astronauts Gordon Cooper, Dick Gordon, James Lovell and James McDivitt, 
asking about reports attributed to them. James Lovell replied as follows:

I have to honestly say that during my four nights into space, I have not 
seen or heard any phenomena that I could not explain. . . . / don't believe 
any of us in the space program believe that there are such things as 
UFOs. . . . However, most of us believe that there must be a star like our 
sun that also has a planetary system [which] must support intelligent life 
as we know it. ... I hope this is sufficient information for Tim Good, 
and I hope he isn't too disappointed in my answer.23 [Emphasis added] 
But according to the transcript of Lovell's flight on Gemini 7, an 
anomalous object was encountered: 
spacecraft: Bogey at 10 o'clock high.

capcom: This is Houston. Say again 7.
spacecraft: Said we have a bogey at 10 o'clock high.
capcom: Gemini 7, is that the booster or is that an actual sighting.
spacecraft: We have several, looks like debris up here. Actual sighting.
capcom: . . . Estimate distance or size.
spacecraft: We also have the booster in sight . . .

Franklin Roach, of the University of Colorado UFO study set up by the 
Air Force in 1966, concluded that in addition to the booster traveling in 
an orbit similar to that of the spacecraft, "there was another bright object 
[the 'bogey'] together with many illuminated particles. It might be con- 
jectured," he said, "that the bogey and particles were fragments from 
the launching of Gemini 7, but this is impossible if they were traveling 
in a polar orbit as they appeared to be doing."24

James McDivitt confirmed that although he did see an unidentified 
object during the Gemini 4 flight on 4 June 1965, he does not believe it 
was anomalous:

During Gemini 4, while we were in drifting flight, I noticed an object out 
the front window of the spacecraft. It appeared to be cylindrical in shape 
with a high fineness ratio. From one end protruded a long, cylindrical pole 
with the approximate fineness of pencil. I had no idea what the size was 
or what the distance to the object was. It could have been very small and 
very near or very large and very far away.

I attempted to take a photograph of this object with each of the two 
cameras we had on board. Since this object was only in my view for a 
short time, I did not have time to properly adjust the cameras and I just 
took the picture with whatever settings the camera had at that time. The 
object appeared to be relatively close and I went through the trouble of 
turning on the control system in case I needed to take any evasive actions.

The spacecraft was in drifting flight and when the sun shone on the 
duty window, the object disappeared from view. I was unable to relocate 
it, since the attitude reference in the spacecraft was also disabled, and I 
did not know which way to maneuver to find it.

After landing, the film from Gemini 4 was flown back to Houston 
immediately, whereas Ed White and I stayed on the aircraft carrier for 
three days. During this period of time a film technician at NASA evaluated 
the photographs and selected what he thought was the photograph of this 
particular object. Unfortunately, what he selected was a photograph of 
sunspots [flares] on the window and had nothing whatsoever to do with 
the object that I had seen. The photograph was released before I returned 
and had a chance to point out the error in the selection. I, subsequently, 
went through the photographs myself and was unable to find any photograph 
like the object I had seen. Apparently, the camera settings were not ap- 
propriate for the pictures.

I do not feel that there was anything strange or exotic about this particular 
object. Rather, only that I could not identify it. In a combination of both 
Gemini 4 and Apollo 9 I saw numerous satellites, some of which we 
identified and some of which we didn't. ... I have seen a lot of objects 
that I could not identify, but I have yet to see one that could be identified 
as a spaceship from some other planet. I do not say that there aren't any, 
only that I haven't seen any. I hope this helps Tim.25

Although the NORAD computer facility was unable to trace a satellite 
near enough to account for the sighting, I am inclined to believe that 
what McDivitt might have seen was a secret American reconnaissance 
satellite, which naturally NORAD could not disclose.

Neither Gordon Cooper nor Dick Gordon replied to Scott's letter, it 
seems, and I have never been able to receive a reply from Cooper, 
although he has spoken publicly of his interest in the subject. In fact, 
Cooper's interest in UFOs was one of the reasons that inspired him to 
become an astronaut. "I . . . had the idea that there might be some 
interesting forms of life out in space for us to discover and get acquainted 
with," he wrote in 1962. "As far as I am concerned there have been far 
too many unexplained examples of unidentified objects sighted around 
this earth ... the fact that many experienced pilots had reported strange 
sights . . . did heighten my curiosity about space . . . This was one of 
several reasons, then, why I wanted to become an Astronaut."26

In 1978 Cooper attended a meeting of the Special Political Committee 
of the United Nations General Assembly in order to discuss UFOs. Later 
that year a letter from Cooper was read at another UN meeting: 
. . . / believe that these extraterrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting 
this planet from other planets, which are obviously a little more advanced 
than we are here on earth. 
I feel that we need to have a top-level, coordinated program to scien- 
tifically collect and analyze data from all over the earth concerning any 
type of encounter, and to determine how best to interface with these visitors 
in a friendly fashion. 
. . . Also, I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of observation 
of many flights of them, of different sizes, flying in fighter formation, 
generally from east to west over Europe. [Emphasis added] 

Cooper said that most astronauts were reluctant to discuss UFOs "due 
to the great numbers of people who have indiscriminately sold fake stories 
and forged documents abusing their names and reputations without hes- 
itation." But he added that there were "several of us who do believe in 
UFOs" and who have had occasion to see a UFO on the ground, or from 
an aircraft. "There was only one occasion from space which may have 
been a UFO," Cooper's letter revealed, without elaborating.27

A UFO seen on the ground by an astronaut? The only reference I have 
to such an incident is contained in an article which the late Lou Zinsstag 
translated from the French for me in 1973. Unfortunately, I have neither 
the name of the paper nor the date, but the article was written by J. L.

Ferrando, based on an interview with an astronaut at a congress in New 
York in mid-1973, tape-recorded by Benny Manocchia. The name of the 
astronaut? None other than Gordon Cooper! The following extracts are 
highly significant-if true:

For many years I have lived with a secret, in a secrecy imposed on all 
specialists in astronautics. I can now reveal that every day, in the USA, 
our radar instruments capture objects of form and composition unknown 
to us. And there are thousands of witness reports and a quantity of doc- 
uments to prove this, but nobody wants to make them public. Why.
Because authority is afraid that people may think of God knows what kind 
of horrible invaders. So the password still is: we have to avoid panic by 
all means.

I was furthermore a witness to an extraordinary phenomenon, here on 
this planet earth. It happened a few months ago in Florida. There I saw 
with my own eyes a defined area of ground being consumed by flames, 
with four indentations left by a flying object which had descended in the 
middle of a field. Beings had left the craft (there were other traces to prove 
this). They seemed to have studied topography, they had collected soil 
samples and, eventually, they returned to where they had come from, 
disappearing at enormous speed. ... I happen to know that authority did 
just about everything to keep this incident from the press and TV, in fear 
of a panicky reaction from the public.

I immediately wrote to Cooper at Aerofoil Systems Inc., Cape 
Canaveral, Florida, asking if there was any truth to these statements. "If 
the whole story is a hoax" I said, "somebody ought to be sued." But 
there was no reply from him, even when I sent reminders and a stamped 
addressed envelope. I then wrote to Scott Carpenter, asking if he would 
forward it to Cooper, and this he promised to do. To this day, I have 
heard nothing.

In the same letter to Scott I asked for the complete story of the pho- 
tograph he took during his flight in Mercury 7 on 24 May 1962. According 
to a commentator on BBC TV in 1973, Carpenter had been withdrawn 
from duties as an astronaut for wasting time taking pictures of "sunrise". 
I thought this rather unlikely, especially since Scott's friend Andre Previn 
told me that Scott had not been allowed in space again owing to a slight 
heart murmur. The released photograph shows what some have interpreted 
as a UFO; others as a lens flare, ice crystals, or the fabric and aluminum 
balloon that was deployed at one stage. I wanted the facts.

When I reminded Scott of my request a year later, he replied that he 
resented "your continuing implication that I am lying and/or withholding 
truths from you. Your blindly stubborn belief in Flying Saucers makes 
interesting talk for a while, but your inability to rationally consider any 
thought that runs counter to yours makes further discussion of no 
interest-indeed unpleasant in prospect-to me. I have sent your letter 
to Gordon Cooper without comment other than a copy of this letter to 
you. Let's do be friends, Tim, but let's talk about such things as music 
and SCUBA diving, where maybe both of us can learn something."28

I have never insisted that Scott Carpenter photographed a UFO, but 
because of the rumors surrounding the incident I wanted to know the 
truth. To me, that seems reasonable. In any event, my friendship toward 
and respect for Scott remain undiminished.

An anonymous source with secret clearance claims that Carpenter told 
him that at no time when the astronauts were in space were they alone: 
there was constant surveillance by UFOs.29 And Dr. Garry Henderson, 
a senior research scientist for General Dynamics, has confirmed that the 
astronauts are under strict orders not to discuss their sightings with any- 
one. Dr. Henderson says that NASA "has many actual photos of these 
crafts, taken at close range by hand and movie camera."30

In November 1979 Lou Zinsstag and I received an unofficial invitation 
to visit the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in Houston. The invitation 
came from Alan Holt, a physicist and aerospace engineer whose main 
work at that time centered on the development of the astronaut and flight 
controller training programs associated with the Spacelab. He is also 
engaged in theoretical research into advanced types of propulsion for 
spacecraft, and has long been involved in an unofficial NASA UFO study 
group called Project VISIT (Vehicle Internal Systems Investigative Team).

I asked about photographs and films of UFOs allegedly taken by astronauts 
and was simply told that the National Security Agency screens all films 
prior to releasing them to NASA.

It may be coincidental that a former Director of the National Security 
Agency and Deputy Director of the CIA, Lew Allen, was appointed head 
of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in June 1982. JPL runs NASA's 
unmanned planetary space program, whose phenomenal achievements 
include the landing on Mars by the Viking probes and, more recently, 
the Voyagers which transmitted such spectacular pictures of Jupiter, Sat- 
urn and Uranus. Allen had also been the USAF Chief of Staff, and as 
one of the pioneers of aerial espionage served as Deputy Director for 
Advanced Plans in the Directorate of Special Projects of the National 
Reconnaissance Office, and later Director of the NRO's Office of Space 
Systems.31 NRO-America's most secret intelligence agency-liaises 
closely with the CIA, NSA-and of course NASA.

In an interview in 1986 Lew Allen stated that up to a third of JPL's 
work was funded by the Department of Defense, but gave details of 
various fascinating civilian projects. "One of the most exciting of these 
future programs, called Cassini," he said, "is an investigation of Saturn's 
moon Titan. Its atmosphere was too dense for the Voyagers to give us 
any clues about what lies beneath. The Cassini mission . . . would probe 
this atmosphere . . . we've concluded that it is very similar to what the 
earth's must have been at the earliest stages of its evolution."32

Maurice Chatelain, former chief of NASA communications specialists, 
claims that all the Apollo and Gemini flights were followed at a distance 
and sometimes quite closely by space vehicles of extraterrestrial origin, 
but Mission Control ordered absolute secrecy. Chatelain believes that 
some UFOs may come from our own solar system-specifically Titan.

During a BBC radio interview in December 1972, astronaut Edgar 
Mitchell, lunar module pilot on Apollo 14, was asked by a listener if 
NASA had made any provisions for encountering extraterrestrials on the 
moon or nearby planets. He replied in the affirmative. When the inter- 
viewer intervened and suggested that, if and when we ultimately come 
into contact with other civilizations, it would only be via radioastronomy, 
Mitchell emphatically disagreed, making a point of recommending Allen 
Hynek's book, The UFO Experience, which contradicted official policy 
on the subject.34

I wrote to Dr. Mitchell and asked him to elaborate on this and another 
statement he made on the program, to the effect that there had been no 
concealment of UFO sightings either in transit to or on the moon, and 
that such information was open to all. Mitchell's assistant, Harry Jones, 
replied: "Dr. Mitchell asked me to write and tell you that to his knowledge 
there have been no unexplained UFO sightings. All unexplained sightings 
have subsequently been explained. Dr. Mitchell personally attests that 
there has never been any lid of secrecy placed on any NASA astronaut 
that he is aware of.'' [Emphasis added] 
Although puzzled by this contradictory reply I did not pursue the matter 
further, since the publicity from UFO reports in 1973 led to a number 
of positive statements by some other astronauts. "I'm one of those guys 
who has never seen a UFO," said Eugene Cernan, Commander of Apollo 
17, at a press conference. "But I've been asked, and I've said publicly 
I thought they were somebody else, some other civilization."36

In 1979 former Mercury astronaut Donald Slayton revealed in an in- 
terview with Paul Levy that he had seen a UFO while test-flying an 
aircraft in 1951: 
I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I spotted this object. I 
was at about 10,000 feet on a nice, bright, sunny afternoon. I thought the 
object was a kite, then realized that no kite is gonna [sic] fly that high.

As I got closer it looked like a weather balloon, gray and about three 
feet in diameter. But as soon as 1 got behind the darn thing it didn't look 
like a balloon anymore. It looked like a saucer, a disk.

About that same time, 1 realized that it was suddenly going away from 
me-and there 1 was, running at about 300 miles an hour. 1 tracked it for 
a little way, and then all of a sudden the damn thing just took off. It pulled 
about a 45-degree climbing turn and accelerated and just flat disappeared.

A couple of days later I was having a beer with my commanding officer, 
and I thought, "What the hell, I'd better mention something to him about 
it." I did, and he told me to get on down to intelligence and give them a 
report. I did, and I never heard anything more on it.37


DID APOLLO 11 ENCOUNTER UFOS ON THE MOON.

According to hitherto unconfirmed reports, both Neil Armstrong and 
Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin saw UFOs shortly after that historic landing on 
the moon in Apollo J J on 21 July 1969. I remember hearing one of the 
astronauts refer to a "light" in or on a crater during the televised trans- 
mission, followed by a request from mission control for further infor- 
mation. Nothing more was heard.

According to former NASA employee Otto Binder, unnamed radio 
hams with their own VHF receiving facilities that bypassed NASA's 
broadcasting outlets picked up the following exchange: 
mission control: What's there? Mission control calling Apollo 11.

apollo 11: These babies are huge, sir . . . enormous. . . . Oh, 
God, you wouldn't believe it! I'm telling you there 
are other spacecraft out there . . . lined up on the far 
side of the crater edge . . . they're on the moon 
watching us. . . .38

The story has been relegated to the world of science fiction since it first 
appeared, but in 1979 Maurice Chatelain, former chief of NASA com- 
munications specialists and one of the scientists who conceived and de- 
signed the Apollo spacecraft, confirmed that Armstrong had indeed reported 
seeing two UFOs on the rim of a crater. ' 'The encounter was common 
knowledge in NASA," he revealed, "but nobody has talked about it 
until now."

Soviet scientists were allegedly the first to confirm the incident. "Ac- 
cording to our information, the encounter was reported immediately after 
the landing of the module," said Dr. Vladimir Azhazha, a physicist and 
Professor of Mathematics at Moscow University. "Neil Armstrong re- 
layed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious objects 
were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But his 
message was never heard by the public-because NASA censored it."

According to another Soviet scientist, Dr. Aleksandr Kazantsev, Buzz 
Aldrin took color movie film of the UFOs from inside the module, and 
continued filming them after he and Armstrong went outside. Dr. Azhazha 
claims that the UFOs departed just minutes after the astronauts came out 
on to the lunar surface.

Maurice Chatelain also confirmed that Apollo 11 's radio transmissions 
were interrupted on several occasions in order to hide the news from the 
public. NASA chief spokesman John McLeaish denied that the agency 
censored any voice transmissions from Apollo 11, but admitted that a 
slight delay in transmission took place, due simply to processing through 
electronic equipment.39

Before dismissing Chatelain's sensational claims, it is worth noting 
his impressive background in the aerospace industry and space program.

His first job after moving from France was as an electronics engineer 
with Convair, specializing in telecommunications, telemetry and radar.

In 1959 he was in charge of an electromagnetic research group, developing 
new radar and telecommunications systems for Ryan. One of his eleven 
NASA 
385 
patents was an automatic radar landing system that ignited retro rockets 
at a given altitude, used in the Ranger and Surveyor flights to the moon.

Later, at North American Aviation, Chatelain was offered the job of 
designing and building the Apollo communication and data-processing 
system.

In his book, Chatelain claims that "all Apollo and Gemini flights were 
followed, both at a distance and sometimes also quite closely, by space 
vehicles of extraterrestrial origin-flying saucers, or UFOs ... if you 
want to call them by that name. Every time it occurred, the astronauts 
informed Mission Control, who then ordered absolute silence." He goes 
on to say: 
1 think that Walter Schirra aboard Mercury 8 was the first of the astronauts 
to use the code name "Santa Claus" to indicate the presence of flying 
saucers next to space capsules. However, his announcements were barely 
noticed by the general public. It was a little different when James Lovell 
on board the Apollo 8 command module came out from behind the moon 
and said for everybody to hear: "Please be informed that there is a Santa 
Claus." Even though this happened on Christmas Day 1968, many people 
sensed a hidden meaning in those words.40

I asked Dr. Paul Lowman of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center 
what he thought about the Apollo 11 story. He replied:

Most of the radio communications from the Apollo crew on the surface 
were relayed in real time to earth. I am continually amazed by people who 
claim that we have concealed the discovery of extraterrestrial activity on 
the moon. The confirmed detection of extraterrestrial life, even if only by 
radio, will be the greatest scientific discovery of all time, and I speak 
without exaggeration. The idea that a civilian agency such as NASA, 
operating in the glare of publicity, could hide such a discovery is absurd, 
even if it wanted to. One would have to swear to secrecy not only the 
dozen astronauts who landed on the moon but also the hundreds of en- 
gineers, technicians, and secretaries directly involved in the missions and 
the communication links.41

Yet the rumors persist. NASA may well be a civilian agency, but many 
of its programs are funded by the defense budget, as I have pointed out, 
and most of the astronauts are subject to military security regulations.

Apart from the fact that the National Security Agency screens all films 
(and probably radio communications as well), we have the statements by 
Otto Binder, Dr. Garry Henderson and Maurice Chatelain that the astro- 
nauts were under strict orders not to discuss their sightings. And Gordon 
Cooper has testified to a UN committee that one of the astronauts actually 
witnessed a UFO on the ground. If there is no secrecy, why has this 
sighting not been made public.

Not all communications between the astronauts and ground control are 
public, as NASA itself admits. John McLeaish, Chief of Public Infor- 
mation at the Manned Spacecraft Center (now Lyndon B. Johnson Space 
Center) in Houston, explained to me in 1970 that although there is no 
separate radio frequency used by the astronauts for private conversations 
with mission control, private conversations, "usually to discuss medical 
problems," are rerouted: "When the astronauts request a private con- 
versation, or when a private conversation is deemed necessary by officials 
on the ground, it is transmitted on the same S-band radio frequencies as 
are normally used but it is routed through different audio circuits on the 
ground; and unlike other air-to-ground conversations with the spacecraft, 
it is not released to the general public."

But is there any truth to the Apollo 11 story? A friend of mine who 
formerly served in a branch of British military intelligence has provided 
me with unexpected corroboration. I am not permitted to reveal the name 
of my source, nor the location and date of the following conversation 
that was overheard and subsequently confirmed by my friend, which will 
inevitably lay me open to charges of fabricating the story or being the 
victim of a hoax. Yet the story must be told, however apocryphal.

A certain professor (whose name is known to me) was engaged in an 
earnest discussion with Neil Armstrong during a NASA symposium, and 
according to my friend's recollection, part of the conversation went as 
follows: 
professor: What really happened out there with Apollo 11.

Armstrong: It was incredible ... of course, we had always known 
there was a possibility ... the fact is, we were warned 
off. There was never any question then of a space station 
or a moon city.

professor: How do you mean "warned off.

Armstrong: I can't go into details, except to say that their ships were 
far superior to ours both in size and technology-Boy, 
were they big! . . . and menacing. . . . No, there is no 
question of a space station.

professor: But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11.

Armstrong: Naturally-NASA was committed at that time, and couldn't 
risk a panic on earth. . . . But it really was a quick scoop 
and back again . . .

Later, when my friend confronted Armstrong, the latter confirmed that 
the story was true but refused to go into further detail, beyond admitting 
that the CIA was behind the cover-up.

What does Neil Armstrong have to say about the matter officially? In 
reply to my inquiry he simply stated: "Your 'reliable sources' are un- 
reliable. There were no objects reported, found, or seen on Apollo 11 or 
any other Apollo flight other than of natural origin. All observations on 
all Apollo flights were fully reported to the public." 
43



=========================================================================
16. DOWN TO EARTH 

THE AZTEC RECOVERY, 1948

It was the columnist Frank Scully who first alerted the world to sensational 
stories of recovered flying saucers and little men in his best-selling book, 
Behind the Flying Saucers, published in 1950. Scully claimed that up to 
that time there had been four such recoveries, one of which was alleged 
to have taken place near Aztec, New Mexico, when sixteen humanoid 
bodies were recovered together with their undamaged craft. The story 
sounds ridiculous and is widely dismissed (with the others) as a hoax 
perpetrated on Scully, and has been the butt of endless jokes ever since.

But there is a great deal more to this particular story than has been hitherto 
supposed.

One point that is invariably overlooked is that the mysterious "Dr.
Gee," Scully's principal source of information, was in fact a composite 
character of eight scientists, each of whom supplied him with various 
details, "Dr. Gee" being merely a convenient literary device as well as 
a means of protecting his sources.1 Here then is the story.

According to Scully's informants, the disk that landed near Aztec was 
99.99 feet in diameter, its exterior made of a light metal resembling 
aluminum but so durable that no amount of heat (up to 10,000° was 
applied) or diamond-tipped drilling had the slightest effect. The disk 
apparently incorporated large rings of metal which revolved around a 
central, stabilized cabin, using an unfamiliar gear ratio. There were no 
rivets, bolts, screws or signs of welding. Investigators were eventually 
able to gain entry, Scully was told, because of a fracture in one of the 
portholes, which they enlarged, revealing a knob inside the cabin which 
when pushed (with a pole) caused a hidden door to open.

Sixteen small humanoids, ranging in height from thirty-six to forty- 
two inches, were supposedly found dead inside the cabin, their bodies 
charred to a dark brown color. Scully was told that the craft was undam- 
aged, having landed under its own guidance. The craft was eventually 
dismantled, the investigators having discovered that it was manufactured 
in segments which fitted in grooves and were pinned together around the 
base. The complete cabin section, measuring eighteen feet in diameter, 
was lifted out of the base of the saucer, around which was a gear that 
fitted a gear on the cabin. These segments, together with the bodies, were 
then transported to Wright Field (Wright-Patterson AFB). Some of the 
bodies were later dissected and examined by the Air Force, and were 
found to be similar in all respects to human beings, with the exception 
of their teeth, which were perfect.

Scully actually examined some of the objects recovered from the disk, 
including a "tubeless radio, some gears" and other items, and said that 
even after more than 150 tests, the metal of the gears could not be 
identified.2

This then is one of the incredible stories of recovered disks related to 
Scully, who stood by its authenticity for the rest of his life and never 
revealed the names of his sources, despite large cash inducements. But 
is there any truth to it?

New Supportive Evidence?

According to important information published by William Steinman in 
1987 3 there is a large grain of truth in the Aztec story, and he has managed 
to acquire some quite astonishing supportive evidence. Like Scully, how- 
ever, he is unwilling to divulge his sources, which inevitably lays him 
open to charges of fabrication.

Steinman has discovered that the Aztec disk came to earth on 25 March 
1948, having been detected by three separate radar units in the south- 
west, one of which is said to have disrupted the craft's control mechanism 
(see Appendix p.527). The area of impact was calculated by triangulation, 
and this information was immediately relayed to Air Defense Command 
(ADC) and General George C. Marshall, then Secretary of State, who 
allegedly contacted the MJ-12 group as well as the Interplanetary Phe- 
nomenon Unit (IPU) of the Army's Counterintelligence Directorate. The 
IPU operated out of Camp Hale, Colorado, at this time, Steinman claims, 
and its main function was to collect and deliver disabled or crashed disks 
to certain specified secret locations.

The craft was recovered within hours by the IPU scout team about 
twelve miles northeast of Aztec. General Marshall ordered Air Defense 
Command to go off alert status, and the radar stations were advised that 
there had been a false alarm. Marshall then gave orders to the commander 
of the IPU to organize a recovery team, and contacted Dr. Vannevar 
Bush-the head of MJ-12-to gather together a team of scientists to 
accompany the IPU to the crash site. Steinman has named these scientists 
as follows: Dr. Lloyd Berkner, Dr. Detlev Bronk, Dr. Carl A. Heiland, 
Dr. Jerome Hunsaker, Dr. John von Neumann, Dr. Robert J. Oppen- 
heimer, Dr. Merle A. Tuve, and Dr. Horace B. van Valkenberg.

Four scientists in this group, it will be noted, were members of the 
original MJ-12 panel set up in September 1947. Dr. Carl Heiland was 
a geophysicist and magnetic sciences expert who was head of the Colorado 
School of Mines, and according to Steinman leaked details of the recovery 
to one of Scully's sources, Leo GeBauer. Dr. Horace van Valkenberg 
was an inorganic chemist associated with the University of Colorado.

Dr. Merle Antony Tuve worked for the Office of Scientific Research and 
Development during World War II, and is chiefly remembered as a geo- 
physicist for his techniques of radio-wave propagation of the upper at- 
mosphere. Dr. Robert Oppenheimer distinguished himself primarily as 
leader of the Los Alamos atomic-bomb project, commanding the alle- 
giance of the world's top physicists. He was Director of the Institute for 
Advanced Studies at Princeton from 1947 and became Chairman of the 
General Advisory Committee of the Atomic Energy Commission. Dr. John von Neumann, the famous Hungarian-born mathematician, became 
a consultant on the atom bomb (Manhattan Project) in 1943. His main 
area of expertise lay in the design and development of computers. The 
scientists, according to Steinman, were told by Dr. Bush to assemble at 
Durango Airfield, Colorado, thirty-five miles to the north of Aztec, with 
the minimum delay. All those involved in the recovery were sworn to 
an above top secret oath.

The IPU convoy used a route to the site that avoided main roads, and 
on arrival road blocks were set up at strategic points within two miles of 
the recovery area. The owner of a ranch and his family were allegedly 
held incommunicado and told never to discuss the matter (cf the Roswell 
incident). Equipment hauling trucks were camouflaged to look like oil- 
drilling rigs during the operation.

Inside the Craft 

The team of scientists arrived at the site a little later than the IPU team 
and began inspecting the disk. According to Steinman, they entered the 
craft one by one, entry having been gained via a fractured porthole as 
described in Scully's account. The portholes themselves looked metallic 
and only appeared translucent on close inspection. Inside the cabin they 
found two humanoids, about four feet in height, slumped over an instru- 
ment panel, charred deep brown. Another twelve bodies lay sprawled on 
the floor in a chamber within the cabin, making a total of fourteen bodies 
(not sixteen as Scully had been told).

An instrument panel supposedly had several pushbuttons and levers 
with hieroglyphic-type symbols, as well as symbols illuminated on small 
display screens. Bush and von Neumann discovered that the control panel 
had drawers which rolled out, but no wiring could be detected. A "book" 
composed of parchment-like leaves with the texture of plastic (cf Roswell) 
also contained the strange hieroglyphs-similar to Sanskrit, Oppenheimer 
thought. This was given to General Marshall, who then passed it on to 
two leading cryptological experts for analysis, William F. Friedman and 
Lambros C. Callihamos (who both later led distinguished careers in the 
National Security Agency).4

Dr. Bronk, a physiologist and biophysicist, examined the bodies and 
asked Bush to get hold of cryogenic equipment with which to preserve 
them. Cryogenics specialist Dr. Paul A. Scherer, a colleague of Bush's, 
was contacted and advised Bush to obtain some dry ice. Meanwhile, 
another small group of scientists and military personnel examined the 
craft and were eventually able to dismantle it when several interlocking 
key devices were found which opened up seams at specific points.

Three days later the segments were loaded onto three trucks, together 
with the bodies, and were covered with a tarpaulin marked "Explosives."

The convoy headed at night by the least conspicuous and often most 
laborious route to the restricted Navy Auxiliary Airfield complex at Los 
Alamos, arriving one week later. Here they remained for over a year, 
Steinman claims, before being transported to another base.

The Bodies

Dr. Paul Scherer eventually obtained special preservation containers for 
the least damaged bodies, Steinman relates. One of the companies that 
supplied equipment was the Air Research Corporation, of which Scherer 
was Director of Research and Development; it supplied the liquid nitrogen 
pump, circulation system, and refrigeration units. Other specimens were 
given a complete autopsy, by a team headed by Dr. Bronk, of biophys- 
icists, histochemists and pathologists. The results were put in a report, 
part of which, Steinman claims, appeared in the Air Force Project Sign 
Report No. 13, which has never been released.

According to the report, the bodies were described as averaging forty- 
two inches in length. The facial features strongly resembled "mongoloid 
orientals" in appearance, with disproportionately large heads, large "slant" 
eyes, small noses and mouths. The average weight was around forty 
pounds. Their torsos were very small and thin, with very thin necks. The 
arms were long and slender, reaching the knees, with hands containing 
long and slender fingers with webbing between them. There was no 
digestive system or gastrointestinal tract, no alimentary or intestinal canal, 
and no rectal point. No reproductive organs were apparent. Instead of 
blood, there was a colorless liquid with no red cells which smelled similar 
to ozone.

This description is at variance with that provided by Scully's infor- 
mants, who stated that the humanoids were similar in all respects to 
human beings except in size. This discrepancy could be explained by the 
fact that Scully-or his informants-confused the case with one of his 
others. Of course, both stories could be a complete fabrication from 
beginning to end. William Moore is certain that the Aztec story, as related 
to Scully, is a hoax. He was unable, for example, to find any local 
residents to back it up. George Bowra, owner of the local Aztec newspaper 
for many years, spoke to over 100 cowboys, Indians, ranchers and lawmen 
about the story and never found a single person who could recall either 
the saucer recovery or subsequent military movements. Moore states 
furthermore that Steinman has on several occasions made serious mis- 
representations on the case to other researchers.5 While I have a great 
deal of respect for Bill Moore as a researcher, I am not persuaded by the 
counterevidence in this instance; at least, for the time being.

Further Evidence 

Veteran researcher Leonard Stringfield, a former Air Force intelligence 
officer who is the world's leading specialist on what he calls "Retrievals 
of the Third Kind," shares my misgivings about some of the material in 
Steinman's book, but we are both impressed with his extensive research 
into the Aztec case. Stringfield has uncovered further evidence himself.

Captain V. A. Postlethwait, who was on detached service with Army 
G-2 (Intelligence) in 1948, told Stringfield that he was cleared to see a 
top secret cable describing the crash of a saucer-shaped craft 100 feet in 
diameter and 30 feet high, with one porthole broken, causing suffocation 
to the five occupants-who had turned blue as a result. The bodies were 
about four feet tall with relatively large heads, Postlethwait recollects.

The metallic skin of the saucer was too tough to penetrate, although as 
thin as newspaper. The incident was said to have occurred near White 
Sands, New Mexico. Aside from a few discrepancies there are some 
significant parallels with the Aztec case. Postlethwait revealed to String- 
held, for example, that private property was purchased to facilitate trans- 
porting the craft.6

Leonard Stringfield has also spoken with Dr. Robert Spencer Carr, a 
retired University of South Florida professor who claims to have testi- 
monial evidence from five sources, including a nurse and a high-ranking 
Air Force officer who participated in the recovery of a crashed UFO and 
occupants in 1948-presumed to be the one at Aztec (although there was 
another alleged recovery that year, just across the Mexican border near 
Laredo, Texas). In 1982 Stringfield asked Carr to disclose the name of 
his principal source, "on the premise that our ages give us little time 
tolerance in our search for truth." 
"When Professor Carr named his source," says Stringfield, "I sat 
back dumbfounded. I knew his name well in research, and recalled some 
of his comments on UFOs while he served as an Air Force officer. . . . 
'Please, Len,' pleaded Carr, 'keep the name to yourself; please spare me 
any trouble as long as I live . . . My key witness participated in the 1948 
retrieval and saw alien bodies on location.' "7

According to Bill Steinman, two of Carr's sources were aeronautical 
engineers who provided important information regarding the saucer's 
construction and propulsion. A source now named is Arthur Bray (not 
to be confused with the Canadian researcher), a security guard involved 
with the recovery project. Carr also interviewed a woman whose father 
was present during the recovery. Information pertaining to the flying 
saucers must be suppressed, he told his daughter. "If news of this ve- 
hicle's water driven engine got out to the whole scientific community, 
that would be the end of the oil industry."8 The comment is of course 
pure hearsay, but if there is any truth in it a further possible reason for 
the cover-up is brought to light.

At the still fenced-off crash site on a plateau twelve miles northeast 
of Aztec, Bill Steinman has uncovered charred and scraped-off rocks of 
various sizes as well as some metal bracing struts that might possibly 
have been used for supporting the craft. On one of his visits to the area 
he was shadowed by two unmarked helicopters.

As for George Bowra's claim that no one in Aztec could recall the 
incident, Steinman has traced at least four people who knew where the 
crash site was located, one of whom, "V.A.," recalls that sometime 
between 1948 and 1950 a huge disk-shaped flying object with a dome 
on top skimmed about 100 feet above the ground not far from him. The 
witness pointed out to Steinman a cliff jutting above the Animas River. 
"That thing, or flying saucer, tried hard to clear that cliff, but it hit the 
very corner up there, shooting sparks and rocks in every direction," he 
claims. "Finally, it made a right-angle turn in midair and headed straight 
north [in the direction of the alleged crash site at Hart Canyon]. That's 
the last I saw of it. I ran into the house and called the military in Al- 
buquerque. I never heard from them about it."

Steinman first became interested in UFOs in 1981 when he read Frank 
Scully's book, and has since devoted much of his time and resources on 
the Aztec case and the other recoveries associated with Scully's claims, 
often in the face of discouraging odds. Steinman's job in quality assurance 
and analysis in the aerospace industry has aided him in probing the 
complex and intricate leads that he has pursued.

Writing in the foreword to Steinman's book, UFO Crash at Aztec, 
Leonard Stringfield explains how, like many others, he was led to believe 
the Scully story was a hoax, his disbelief long being conditioned by a 
succession of ufologists who for years claimed that Scully "was duped 
by a scheming Silas Newton and his cohort, Leo Gebauer." But now, 
thanks to Bill Steinman's painstaking research (as well as some of his 
own leads), he has been obliged to reevaluate the evidence.9


PARADISE VALLEY, 1947

Another of Scully's stories relates to the recovery of a crashed disk in 
Paradise Valley, north of Phoenix, Arizona, in 1947. According to Scul- 
ly's informants the craft was thirty-six feet in diameter, and two humanoid 
bodies were retrieved-one sitting inside and the other halfway out of 
the "hatch."

In January 1987 I spoke to former businessman and private pilot Selman 
E. Graves, who witnessed part of the recovery operation with two friends 
during a rabbit hunting trip on a Saturday morning in early October 1947.

The incident took place at Cave Creek, Graves told me, in the northwest 
section of Paradise Valley, on property owned by his friend Walt Salyer, 
whose son was Graves' brother-in-law.

Graves arrived at the house with four others, expecting to be met by 
Salyer who was to join them on the hunting trip. "When we arrived that 
morning," Graves told me, "Salyer and his wife were away. He'd been 
living in the basement and had just completed an upstairs section, so we 
made ourselves at home. He came back about twenty minutes later and 
was kind of distressed to find us there, which was unlike him. ... He 
told us that we couldn't go due west of there, that it wasn't a good time 
to hunt there, and that the Air Force had restricted the area; that if we 
fired our guns in that direction we could hit someone, and so forth. 
"We told him we were interested in going to the Go John Mine, at 
right angles to what was the Cave Creek Road. This place today is called 
Carefree-it didn't exist then-and Cave Creek was just a couple of 
small shacky homes."

Graves and two others from the hunting party went ahead on horseback, 
leaving Salyer and two other men at the house. "We said we'd meet 
them at the River Road, which was just at right angles . . . and his 
property sat on the corner there," Graves recalled. 
"There were some mine shafts-what you might call an 
outcropping-and a small hill, and we went up there and the three of us 
could look back and see everything that was taking place. From this 
vantage point you could see Salyer's house and I could see the corral 
very clearly . . . and his water tank, and so you had perspective there 
as to size. And there was a large-I can best describe it as a large 
aluminum dome-shaped thing there, which was roughly the size of the 
house-it was measured to be thirty-six feet in diameter. 
"We could see that there were pitched buildings-tents-and men 
moving about. We at that time didn't have any idea what we were looking 
at. We thought it might have been an observatory dome, except why 
would they have it down there on that piece of ground? 
"We didn't leave there until probably about 10-10:30 at night, so we 
were actually around there a good twelve hours," Graves said. The three 
men later met up with the others at Salyer's house. "The others had 
bypassed us on the road and went on up to the Go John Mine. We never 
went to the mine at all," he explained.

Selman Graves told me that he thought little about the incident until 
he read Scully's book years later, and was astonished to learn of the 
Paradise Valley recovery. Later he met Silas Newton, one of Scully's 
informants, who provided further information. "Supposedly there were 
a couple of small humanoids-about four and a half feet tall-that were 
reported to have been there," said Graves. "What I tied that in with was 
Salyer's great anxiety about our going near the deep freeze! It was ab- 
normal. ... I expect that probably what happened was that Salyer-(an 
ex-military man)-was the first one to see this object and notify the 
authorities. If you want to make a conjecture, perhaps they thought, 
'Jeepers! What are we going to do with these bodies? How are we going 
to keep them?' " 
"My brother-in-law said that he saw afterward a 'vehicle' and won- 
dered if it was part of what we had viewed-not knowing what it was- 
and this military flatbed truck going from the Cave Creek Road south, which 
at that time would have been the most logical way for them to get out of 
there. It seems to me that it would have had to have been something to do 
with the military or Air Force. . . . There wasn't anything else so I presume 
that that was actually sections [of the object] being trucked out. ..."


Cover-up 

The lengths to which the authorities went to literally cover-up the landing 
site are quite remarkable. "Right after the war," Selman Graves told 
me, "they made a topographical of that area in little quarter quadrangles, 
and they showed the site on it because ... the marks in the desert stay 
quite well: it takes a long time for them to erode. . . . In that short span 
of time they made another quadrangle and you couldn't get hold any 
more of the original one. They changed the location of Cave Creek Road: 
they moved the thing east and you wouldn't even know there had ever 
been another road there now unless you were really familiar and had 
really studied around. Also, there were some changes to the new River 
Road and the grading of it. . . ." 
"The federal government sponsored a project through the state . . .
subsequently the state came in and told the county area of what was going 
to be Carefree that they had to locate some satisfactory spot for refuse 
disposal . . . and what they did was take the site of the landing and dig 
it up with a bulldozer.'' 
Selman Graves, who strikes me as being totally genuine, told me that 
he personally witnessed the bulldozing operations years later. "I went in 
to observe what was taking place," he said. "The ditches were somewhat 
helter-skelter. They were not doing a methodical digging, burning, 
burying-in other words digging a new excavation. ... It was kind of 
helter-skelter, or just mucking up everything, destroying, and so on. . . .

While I was watching it a fellow, rather well groomed for a bulldozer 
operator, stopped the machine, got off and came over and asked if he 
could help me. I said, 'Well, I'm just interested in what you're doing. I 
find it rather interesting because for what you're supposed to be doing 
you're not really using a system that would go with it.' 'Oh, of course 
we are,' he said. 'No you're not,' I said. 'Look at what you're doing 
here. How long has this been going on anyway?' 'Oh,' he said, 'something 
like eight years.' 'That's a long time,' I said. 'It doesn't look like that 
sort of an operation.' 'Oh yes,' he said. 'It's the way we're doing it.' 
"I said, 'You're sure about that time? It can't have been that long.' 
'Oh no,' he said, 'I'm quite sure.' I said, 'Isn't that odd. I was here 
about a year ago and there was nothing going on here. I guess you're 
mistaken.' He laughed and said, 'That's right. I guess you're right. I'm 
mistaken.' 
"Then he became more talkative, and told me that he'd done this 
operation for them in a place over on the Arizona/California border 
between Kingman and Barstow. . . .' This site was the scene of a re- 
covery operation in May 1953, as we shall shortly learn.

The most convincing evidence that Scully's claims are fundamentally 
sound has been provided by the Canadian government scientist Wilbert 
Smith, who stated in a 1950 top secret document that the subject of flying 
saucers was classified higher than the H-bomb, and that "their modus 
operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is.being made by a small 
group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush." Smith's informant was Dr.
Robert Sarbacher, a consultant to the Research and Development Board, 
and in his handwritten notes made after the interview (see Appendix, 
pp.519-21), Smith recorded the following, dated 15 September 1950: 
smith: ... I have read Scully's book on the saucers and would 
like to know how much of it is true.
sarbacher: The facts reported in the book are substantially correct.
smith: Then the saucers do exist.
sarbacher: Yes: they exist.
smith: Do they operate as Scully suggests on magnetic principles.
sarbacher: We have not been able to duplicate their performance.
smith: Do they come from some other planet.
sarbacher: All we know is, we didn't make them, and it's pretty certain 
they didn't originate on earth.
smith: I understand the whole subject is classified.
sarbacher: Yes, it is classified two points higher even than the H-bomb.
In fact it is the most highly classified subject in the US 
government at the present time.
smith: May I ask the reason for the classification.
sarbacher You may ask, but I can't tell you.10 [Emphasis added] 


ANOTHER RECOVERY IN 1948.

Todd Zechel has interviewed a retired provost marshal [Colonel John W. Bowen] at Carswell AFB, Texas, who is alleged to have participated in 
the recovery of a ninety-foot-diameter disk thirty miles inside the Mexican 
border, near Laredo, Texas, in 1948 (or possibly 1950). Apparently one 
dead alien, four and a half feet tall, had been recovered. Zechel also 
traced another Air Force colonel who was flying an F-94 Lockheed Starfire 
over Albuquerque, New Mexico, when reports came in that a UFO had 
been clocked at 2,000 mph. The colonel saw the object himself before 
it disappeared from radar screens at his base (Dyess AFB, Texas). The 
object was believed to have come to ground in Mexico, thirty miles from 
Laredo. After landing, the colonel and another pilot took off in a light 
aircraft and headed for the crash site, where they managed to land. Troops 
surrounded the disk, which had been covered with a canopy. The pilots 
were refused permission to view it and were summoned to Washington 
where they were sworn to secrecy.!1

Leonard Stringfield interviewed a man who claims to have seen a 
television news item about the event (on WDEL-N, Wilmington, Dela- 
ware). "It was about 1948, maybe later, when my wife and I were 
watching the news," Leon Crice told Stringfield in 1980. "A disk-shaped 
object was shown stuck, slightly tilted, in a sand dune. It had a dome at 
the top and no windows.'* The object had allegedly crashed on the Mex- 
ican border, near the Rio Grande. Soldiers were seen moving around the 
object, with jeeps and a low boy rig, as well as Mexican civilians in the 
background.

At the moment when the narrator referred to bodies being recovered 
and the craft transported to a base in California, Crice claims, his voice 
was cut off and the screen went dead, without explanation or apology.

Pending further corroboration it is difficult to place much credence in the 
story. Why have the television newsreel crew not come forward, for 
example? Or were they, too, sworn to secrecy.


RECOVERY IN ARIZONA, 1953

Raymond Fowler, formerly with the USAF Security Service and one of 
America's leading researchers, is convinced by one particular UFO re- 
covery story which was related to him in person by a highly reputable 
witness with impeccable credentials who claims to have participated in 
the analysis of a recovered disk in May 1953. The witness, given the 
pseudonym "Fritz Werner" by Fowler, held a number of engineering 
and management positions at Wright-Patterson AFB from 1949 to 1960, 
during which period he worked in the Office of Special Studies. As a 
designer of aircraft landing gear, he headed a branch of the Aircraft 
Laboratory at Wright Air Development Center. During a special assign- 
ment for the Air Force on contract to the Atomic Energy Commission's 
"Operation Upshot-Knothole" in Nevada in May 1953, Werner, whose 
job at the time involved measuring the effects of blast on various types 
of building following nuclear tests, received a phone call one evening 
from Dr. Ed Doll, the test Director, informing him that he would be 
required for a special job the following day.

Werner reported for duty and was driven to Indian Springs AFB, near 
the proving ground, where he was joined by about fifteen other specialists. 
"We were told to leave all valuables in the custody of the military police,"

Werner recalled. "We were then put on a military plane and flown to 
Phoenix, Arizona. We were not allowed to fraternize. There, we were 
put on a bus with other personnel, who were already there. The bus 
windows were blacked out so that we couldn't see where we were going.

We rode for an estimated four hours. I think we were in the area of 
Kingman, Arizona, which is northwest of Phoenix and not too far from 
the atomic proving ground in Nevada."

During the bus trip Werner and the others were told that a highly secret 
Air Force vehicle had crashed, and were instructed to investigate the 
accident in terms of their own special expertise. On arrival at the site the 
personnel were escorted to an area where two floodlights illuminated the 
"aircraft." In his sworn statement, Werner describes the scene on 21 May 1953:

The object was constructed of an unfamiliar metal which resembled alu- 
minum. It had impacted 20 inches into the sand without any sign of 
structural damage. It was oval and about 30 feet in diameter. An entrance- 
way hatch had been vertically lowered and opened. It was about 3'/2 feet 
high and Wi feet wide. I was able to talk briefly with someone on the 
team who did look inside only briefly. He saw two swivel seats, an oval 
cabin, and a lot of instruments and displays.

A tent pitched near the object sheltered the remains of the only occupant 
of the craft. It was about 4 feet tall, with dark brown complexion and it 
had 2 eyes, 2 nostrils, 2 ears, and a small round mouth. It was clothed in 
a silvery, metallic suit and wore a skull cap of the same type of material.

Werner's job was to find out how fast the vehicle's forward and vertical 
velocities had been by determining the angle and depth of impact into 
the sand.

As soon as each of the specialists had completed their jobs he was 
interviewed on tape then escorted back to the bus. "After we all returned 
to the bus," Werner stated, "the Air Force colonel who was in charge 
had us raise our right hands and take an oath not to reveal what we had 
experienced. I was instructed to write my report in longhand and not to 
type or reproduce it." Werner told Fowler that he sympathized with the 
cover-up. The Air Force believed that UFOs were interplanetary, he said,
but did not know where they came from, and were anxious to avoid 
panic.

Leonard Stringfield has learned a few more details about the incident 
from Fritz Werner. Regarding the alien body, for instance, he said it was 
very slender, with disproportionately long arms. "Since it's been 27 
years, details like this are pretty foggy and I may even be influenced by 
other descriptions I've seen or heard in the interim," he wrote to String- 
field in 1980. "In short, I don't really remember any earlobes; eyes; I 
didn't see; head shape was oval; don't recall that there was a nose, per 
se. . . ." Werner said that he and the other specialists were checked for 
radiation and other possibly harmful effects, but none had been found.I4

If there were only a few of these incredible stories it would be easy 
to dismiss them as straightforward hoaxes, delusions or disinformation 
by the intelligence community in order to discredit the subject. But there 
are dozens of cases, and Leonard Stringfield and others are convinced 
that a fair proportion are absolutely authentic. Stringfield has been the 
most outspoken champion of the retrieval cases and even though he has 
steadfastly refused to disclose the names of his sources-a prerequisite 
to being given the information-he has on occasion received death threats 
warning him not to discuss the matter publicly.


ALIEN BODIES AT WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, 1959

In his book Preuves Scientifiques OVNI (Monaco 1981), Jean-Charles 
Fumoux relates how Leon B. Visse, an alleged expert on histons (elements 
connected with cellular genetic material), was invited in 1959 to a military 
compound at Wright-Patterson AFB, where he was asked to perform an 
experiment on the histonic weight of particular cells. In the first exper- 
iment Visse found an inordinately low histonic weight, far lower than 
human cells. Either he was mistaken or there had to be a complete revision 
of genetic theories, he reasoned. But Visse obtained the same results 
when he repeated the experiment, so he asked if he could look at the 
organism from which the cells came. To his astonishment, Visse was 
taken into a special room where the corpses of two humanoids lay.

The bodies were very tall-a little over seven feet-and from their 
terrible injuries appeared to have been in an accident, although the heads 
were intact, Fumoux relates, and continues: "the forehead high and broad.
Very long blond hair. The eyes were stretched toward the temples which 
gave them an Asiatic look. The nose and mouth were small. The lips 
were thin, perfectly delineated. The chin was small and slightly pointed.

The two faces were beardless. Despite slight differences in their facial 
appearances, the two humanoids looked like twins." The bodies had been 
preserved in formalin but remained perfectly white, apparently lacking 
the keratin granules which cause normal human beings to tan in strong 
sunlight. The eyes were very light blue and looked no different from 
normal, Visse reported. The hands were human-like but slender, while 
their feet were absolutely flat, with small toes.

Dr. Jean Gilles of the French Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) 
eventually tracked down Leon Visse, who promptly denied that he had 
been personally involved in the case. Nevertheless, he admitted there 
was some truth to the story. Only a highly qualified biologist could have 
come up with such a story, he told Dr. Gilles. It had been alleged, for 
example, that the aliens' bodies exhibited a far more developed lymphatic 
system than normal, and Visse explained that, hypothetically, hyperde- 
velopment of the lymphatic system might be a normal attribute of extra- 
terrestrial beings.

Another of the alleged witnesses, Professor Andre Lwoff, also denied 
involvement and said he had never heard of Visse. So what are we to 
make of this extraordinary story? A straightforward hoax? Dr. Gilles 
summarized his feelings about Visse in a letter to Leonard Stringfield in 
1982: 
I have no definite opinion if he was the right man or not; for me it's 50% 
yes-50% no. Visse had indeed knowledge about covert operations. . . .

It seemed to me-but it could have been my imagination-that he was 
accustomed to military ways of thinking and behavior. . . . Visse was 
absolutely unmoved by the Fumoux story when I told him ... he didn't 
show any surprise, he was not shocked at all by the odd subject. ... In 
short, I believe Fumoux knew something about alien/retrieval affairs. But 
what he knew was certainly distorted.

Dr. Gilles concluded that either Dr. Visse or Fumoux, or both, knew 
the truth about the Wright-Patterson incident but had subsequently covered 
it up with disinformation. Two further points are worth noting. Visse had 
allegedly been sworn to secrecy for ten years by the Americans, and it 
was precisely ten years later (in 1969) that he revealed the story for the 
first time, according to Fumoux. Fumoux himself had been in the French 
Air Force and had ties with the intelligence community.15 Was the story 
a way of bringing out the truth-albeit in a distorted form-or simply a 
hoax from beginning to end? Like so many apocryphal accounts of alien 
retrievals, we shall simply have to suspend judgment until the day arrives 
when the authorities decide to reveal the facts.


GUARDED UFO SEEN BY SEVERAL US NAVY PILOTS AT WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, 1962

Thanks to researcher Tommy Blann, Leonard Stringfield was able to 
contact a former US Navy test pilot (now a commercial pilot)-identified 
as "P.J."-who together with other Navy pilots inadvertently came 
across a saucer-shaped *'aircraft" guarded at Wright-Patterson AFB in 
1962. In April of that year, while temporarily attached to the 354th TAC 
Fighter Wing as an exchange pilot, the 352nd Tactical Fighter Squadron 
was sent to Wright-Patterson AFB on a hurricane evacuation from Myrtle 
Beach, South Carolina. As Flight Commander of the "B" Flight Blue- 
birds, it was P.J.'s custom to keep his men physically and mentally fit 
by organizing a program of running, touch football or handball.

On the first day, as P.J. led his flight crew of five on a running exercise 
through the base, the group came across an extraordinary sight, P.J. related to Stringfield:

As we crossed two baseball fields we approached the first hangar which, 
without hesitating, we guessed was the Special Services Hangar. We busted 
through both doors on a full sprint to look for the equipment room [to] 
check out for gear. Once inside, we were stunned by dead silence and 
[were] approached by an air police sentry with a sub-machine gun.

Standing about eight feet away was a strange-looking object. It was about 
12-15 feet long and eight feet deep and resembled two plates stuck together. 
... It was suspended off the ground by two engine test stands. There were 
no markings or insignia, but most noticeable; it was without rivets. The object 
was roped off and eight guards stood parade rest around it.

The guard challenged by saying: "I don't think you're supposed to be 
here, Sir." I replied in the affirmative and we turned about face. . . .

Once outside, we had reassured each other that the good old U.S. had 
developed, or had all along, flying saucers in service.

On our return to Myrtle Beach AFB ... a week later, I was requested 
to report to the Brigadier General of the Combat Wing. ... He informed 
me that I had broken security. He only asked one question-"What did 
you see?" My reply was "Nothing!" His answer was "You have the right 
answer to the question," and I was dismissed. . . .

Having a Top Secret clearance enabled me to gain valuable information 
that otherwise would be impossible to obtain ... for a brief 30 seconds 
[we saw] a disk-shaped object of metallic color. ... I cannot confirm 
anything other than it was there.

P.J. was puzzled by the relative lack of security. "It wasn't even 
located in the test facility of Wright-Patterson AFB," he said. "It was 
near the flight line having just arrived or awaiting deployment. That is 
just my guess."16


RECOVERY IN NEW MEXICO, 1962

Tommy Blann has interviewed an Air Force colonel who claims to have 
been present during the recovery of a crashed disk and humanoid occu- 
pants in northern New Mexico in the summer of 1962. According to 
Colonel "X," the craft looked like two saucers end-on-end, was of a 
dull aluminum color, had a dark section around the center, and was about 
thirty feet in diameter and twelve feet high. Blann was told that there 
was no noticeable landing gear and that the craft had apparently skidded 
on impact, digging up a small trench. Colonel "X" said that a team of 
eight men was at the site, wearing jump suits and gas masks, and that 
each had a specific task to perform. Only preliminary analysis is conducted 
at retrieval sites, the colonel stated, and went on to describe the scene 
further:

There were two bodies recovered from the craft and they were put in a 
large unmarked silver van and whisked off. I did not get a good look at 
the bodies; however, they looked small and were dressed in silver, skin- 
tight flight suits. They were taken to Holloman AFB as well as the craft, 
and then sections of the craft were sent to various research labs, including 
Los Alamos Laboratories. I believe the bodies were also taken to Los 
Alamos and samples sent to other locations.

Colonel "X" revealed that underground installations, as well as iso- 
lated areas of military reservations, have squadrons of unmarked heli- 
copters with sophisticated instrumentation which are dispatched to monitor 
areas of UFO activity or airlift them out of the vicinity in the event of a 
malfunction.

Tommy Blann asked the colonel about the many rumors that crashed 
disks and bodies were sent to Wright-Patterson AFB. "In the earlier 
years," he replied, "they had taken some bodies to this base, but later 
it depended on where they were found. They had a hell of a time setting 
up procedures for this operation, as well as getting craft out of the area 
without it being observed. Usually this was done at nighttime/' Colonel 
"X" told Blann he believed that in more recent years the bodies were 
flown outside the US to a secret naval installation on an island in the 
Pacific.17

The reference to special squadrons of unmarked helicopters is intri- 
guing and has been substantiated on numerous occasions, most signifi- 
cantly perhaps in the case of Betty Cash and Vickie and Colby Landrum, 
who saw about twenty-three helicopters "escorting*' an unidentified flying 
object near Huffman, Texas, on 29 December 1980 (see Chapter 12).

Leonard Stringfield has learned from several sources that this unit is (or 
was) called the "Blue Berets," and has personally spoken with one of 
the former members of this elite group who confirmed that one of its 
tasks was to assist in UFO retrieval operations.


SENATOR GOLDWATER CONFIRMS WITHHELD UFO DATA 

In Chapter 13 I referred to Captain Bruce Cathie's claim that a secret 
UFO research center is permanently manned at Wright-Patterson AFB.

Leonard Stringfield has uncovered some additional evidence to support 
this claim, having spoken with an intelligence officer (J.K.) who stated: 
"Since 1948, secret information concerning UFO activity involving the 
U.S. military has been contained in a computer center at Wright-Patterson 
AFB. At this base, a master computer file is maintained with duplicate 
support backup files secreted at other military installations. . . . Get the 
complete 'Dump File/ both the master and the support backup files, and 
you've got all the hidden UFO data."

J.K. also claims to have seen on one occasion nine deceased alien 
bodies at the base, preserved in deep freeze conditions under a thick glass 
enclosure. The area was under heavy guard and J.K. was told at the time 
(1966) that thirty bodies in total were held there. He did not see any alien 
craft but was told that some were stored at the base and elsewhere, 
including Langley AFB, Virginia, and McDill AFB, Florida.19

From another source Stringfield has learned that the bodies at Wright- 
Patterson were stored in 1953 in Building 18-F, third floor, and then at 
Langley AFB, Hampton Roads, Virginia.20 Senator Barry Goldwater, 
former Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, visited Wright- 
Patterson hoping to get permission from General Curtis LeMay to examine 
the UFO evidence stored there, but was refused. Copies of letters from 
Goldwater to various researchers (in my files) are worth quoting here. In 
a letter to Shlomo Arnon on 28th March 1975, he wrote:

The subject of UFOs is one that has interested me for some long time.
About ten or twelve years ago I made an effort to find out what was in 
the building at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base where the information is 
stored that has been collected by the Air Force, and I was understandably 
denied this request. // is still classified above Top Secret. I have, however, heard that there is a plan under way to release some, if not all, of this material in the near future. I'm just as anxious to see this material as you are, and I hope we will not have to wait much longer. [Emphasis added]
 
On 11 April 1979 Goldwater wrote to Lee Graham. "It is true I was 
denied access to a facility at Wright-Patterson," he confirmed. "Because 
I never got in, I can't tell you what was inside. We both know about the 
rumors." The room that the Senator tried to visit is called the Blue Room, 
and according to my information it contains UFO artifacts, but not craft 
or bodies. In another letter to Lee Graham, dated 19 October 1981, 
Goldwater wrote:

First, let me tell you that I have long ago given up acquiring access to the 
so-called blue room at Wright-Patterson, as I have had one long string of 
denials from chief after chief, so I have given up.

In answer to your questions, one is essentially correct. I don't know of 
anyone who has access to the blue room, nor am I aware of its contents 
and I am not aware of anything having been relocated. . . .

To tell you the truth, Mr. Graham, this thing has gotten so highly 
classified, even though I will admit there is a lot of it that has been released, 
it is just impossible to get anything on it. [Emphasis added] 


KIRTLAND AFB, NEW MEXICO, 1980

According to official documents released under the Freedom of Infor- 
mation Act, there were a number of low-level intrusions by unidentified 
flying objects in the vicinity of nuclear weapons storage areas at Kirtland 
AFB, New Mexico, in August 1980. The sightings were associated with 
radar jamming and blackout, as these Air Force Office of Special Inves- 
tigations (AFOSI) complaint forms reveal:

On 13 August 80, 1960 COMMSq Maintenance Officer reported Radar 
Approach Control equipment and scanner radar inoperative due to high 
frequency jamming from an unknown cause. Total blackout of entire radar 
approach system to include Albuquerque Airport was in effect between 
1630-2215 hrs. Radar Approach Control backup systems also were 
inoperative. . . . Defense Nuclear Agency Radio Frequency Monitors de- 
termined, by vector analysis, the interference was being sent from an 
area . . . located NW of Coyote Canyon Test area. It was first thought 
that Sandia Laboratory, which utilizes the test range was responsible.
However ... no tests were being conducted in the canyon area.21

On 2 Sept 80, SOURCE related on 8 Aug 80, three Security Policemen 
assigned to 1608 SPS, KAFB, NM, on duty inside the Manzano Weapons 
Storage Area sighted an unidentified light in the air that traveled from 
North to South over the Coyote Canyon area of the Department of Defense 
Restricted Test Range. . . . The Security Policemen identified as: SSGT 
STEPHEN FERENZ, Area Supervisor, AIC MARTIN I. RIST and AMN 
ANTHONY D. FRAZIER, were later interviewed separately by 
SOURCE. . . .

At approximately 2350 hrs., while on duty in Charlie Sector, East Side 
of Manzano, the three observed a very bright light traveled with great 
speed and stopped suddenly in the sky over Coyote Canyon. The three 
first thought the object was a helicopter, however, after observing the 
strange aerial maneuvers (stop and go), they felt a helicopter couldn't have 
performed such skills. The light landed in the Coyote Canyon area. Some- 
time later, [the] three witnessed the light take off and leave proceeding 
straight up at a high speed and disappear. . . .

On 11 Aug 80, RUSS CURTIS, Sandia Security, advised that on 9 Aug 80, a Sandia Security Guard (who wishes his name not to be divulged 
for fear of harassment), related the following: At approximately 0020 hrs., 
he was driving East on the Coyote Canyon access road on a routine building 
check of an alarmed structure. As he approached the structure he observed 
a bright light near the ground behind the structure. He also observed an 
object he first thought was a helicopter. But after driving closer, he observed 
a round disk shaped object. He attempted to radio for a backup patrol but 
his radio would not work. As he approached the object on foot armed with 
a shotgun, the object took off in a vertical direction at a high rate of 
speed. . . .

On 22 Aug 80, three other security policemen observed the same aerial 
phenomena described by the first three. Again the object landed in Coyote 
Canyon . . . Coyote Canyon is part of a large restricted test range u»ed 
by the Air Force Weapons Laboratory, Sandia Laboratories, Defense Nu- 
clear Agency and the Department of Energy. . . . 
. . . another Security Guard observed an object land near an alarmed 
structure sometime during the first week of August, but did not report it 
until just recently for fear of harassment.22

Paul Bennewitz, who runs a scientific firm in Albuquerque, has suc- 
ceeded in taking photographs and over 2,600 feet of 8mm movie film of 
UFOs flying in the vicinity of the Manzano Weapons Storage area and 
Coyote test area, according to other AFOSI documents. Bennewitz, with 
whom I have been in communication, has also recorded periods of high 
magnetic activity emanating from the Manzano/Coyote Canyon area on 
his electronic surveillance equipment, and believes that UFOs cause this 
by emitting high frequency pulses.

In late 1980 the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) 
received the following anonymous letter which may provide some clues 
regarding the mysterious events at Kirtland AFB:

On July 16, 1980, at between 10:30 and 10:45 AM, Craig R. Weitzel, 
[address given] a Civil Air Patrol Cadet from Dobbins AFB . . . visiting 
Kirtland AFB, NM, observed a dull metallic colored UFO flying . . . near 
Pecos, New Mexico ... a secret training site for the 1550th Aircrew 
Training and Testing Wing, Kirtland AFB. . . . WEITZEL was with ten 
other individuals, including USAF active duty airmen, and all witnessed 
the sightings. WEITZEL took some pictures of the object. WEITZEL went 
closer to the UFO and observed the UFO land in a clearing approximately 
250 yds. NNW of the training area. WEITZEL observed an individual 
dressed in a metallic suit depart the craft and walk a few feet away. The 
individual was outside the craft for just a few minutes. When the individual 
returned the craft took off toward the NW.

The following evening Weitzel was visited at his temporary billet on 
Kirtland AFB by a man dressed in a dark suit, the letter continues. The 
man was described as six foot three inches tall, of slender build, with 
dark black hair and wearing sunglasses. 'The individual identified himself 
as a Mr. Huck from Sandia Laboratories, a secret Department of Energy 
contractor on Kirtland AFB. Mr. Weitzel, not being from the Albuquerque 
area, did not know what Sandia was." After obtaining an explanation 
from the man, Weitzel let him in. 
"The individual told Weitzel that he saw something yesterday near 
Pecos that he shouldn't have seen. The individual stated that the craft 
was a secret craft from Los Alamos, NM [and] demanded all the pho- 
tographs. Mr. Weitzel explained that he didn't have any photographs as 
[they] were with a USAF airman and Weitzel didn't know the individual's 
name." Weitzel was warned not to mention the sighting to anyone or he 
would be in serious trouble.

How the man had known about the sighting puzzled Weitzel, who had 
told no one about the incident. He called Kirtland AFB Security Police 
and reported the matter to them, and they in turn referred it to the Air 
Force Office of Special Investigations. An AFOSI special agent, referred 
to in the letter as "Mr. Dody," but more probably Richard C. Doty 
(cited in official AFOSI documents at the time), took a statement from 
Weitzel and obtained all the photographs of the UFO.

The anonymous letter concluded:

I am a USAF Airman assigned to the 1550th Aircrew Training and Testing 
Wing at Kirtland AFB. ... I was with Weitzel during the sighting: how- 
ever, I did not see the craft land. . . .

I have every reason to believe the USAF is covering up something. I 
have spent a lot of time looking into this matter and I know there is more 
to it than the USAF will say. I have heard rumors, but serious rumors, 
that the USAF has a crashed UFO stored in the Manzano Storage area. . . .

This area is heavily guarded by USAF Security. I have spoken with two 
employees of Sandia Laboratories, who also store classified objects in 
Manzano, and they told me that Sandia has examined several UFOs during 
the last 20 years. Parts of one that crashed near Roswell, NM . . . was 
examined by Sandia scientists. That is still being stored in Manzano.

I have reason to believe OSI is conducting a very secret investigation 
into UFO sightings. OSI took over when Project Blue Book closed. I was 
told this by my commander, Col. Bruce Purvine. Col. Purvine also told 
me that the investigation was so secret that most employees of OSI don't 
even know it. But Col. Purvine told me that Kirtland AFB, AFOSI District 
17 has a special secret detachment that investigates sightings around this 
area. They have also investigated the cattle mutilations in New Mex- 
ico. . . .

I must remain anonymous because I am a career airman with time 
remaining on active duty. I feel I would be threatened if I disclosed my 
name.


MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER EXAMINES RECOVERED UFOS AND ALIEN BODIES AT SECRET BASE IN ARIZONA 

One of the most fascinating stories relating to recovered UFOs and hu- 
manoid occupants was related by a former military intelligence officer to 
the psychiatrist and researcher Dr. Berthold Schwarz in the early 1980s.

Dr. Schwarz graduated from Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Medical 
School and received his M.D. from the College of Medicine, New York 
University; he is a Diplomate of the American Board of Psychiatry and 
Neurology, as well as a Fellow of the American Board of Psychiatry and 
Neurology. Because I know him to be totally objective in his analyses 
of UFO cases and witnesses I am including the following story, which 
was first published in his book UFO Dynamics.23

The intelligence officer is now a successful private citizen, who has 
received many commendations for his courage under fire during the Viet- 
nam War, and has written a number of authoritative monographs on 
security matters as well as being fluent in several Oriental languages. 
'The officer's credentials seem as impeccable as his need for anonym- 
ity," Schwarz reports. "Interviews of some people who know him well 
and who are known to myself vouchsafe for his honesty and excellent 
work record. . . . The officer spoke in a clear, direct manner, but it was 
obvious that he did not enjoy discussing his experiences. It was as if he 
was relieved to tell me what happened, and then he wanted to have nothing 
further to do with the subject."

The witness claims that while serving with a military intelligence unit 
in the 1970s he met a fellow intelligence officer who invited him to see 
some recovered alien bodies at a secret base in Arizona. He said to 
Schwarz:

I doubt if I could ever find that place again. There was a highway above 
ground that went over the base, and after a turn at the entrance, we went 
underground. We violated every security code in the book. Because of 
this and the fact that I had a top secret clearance at the time I wondered 
if this was a set-up-that they wanted to put a man with combat experience 
in this spot and see what he does-to sow the seeds of doubt. It was too 
obvious. We used a staff car and not a private one. We entered a vaulted 
area. Now, this was on a weekend, and the security amazed me because 
it was so lax.


The Humanoids 

When we got in I observed five humanoid figures. . . . Remember, I 
doubted what I saw. They were very, very white. There were no ears; no 
nostrils. There were only openings: a very small mouth and their eyes were 
large. There was no facial hair, no head hair, no pubic hair. They were 
nude. I think the tallest one could have been about VA feet-maybe a 
little bit taller. As I recall there were three males and two females. The 
heads were large-not totally out of proportion-but large ... it wasn't 
exaggerated, in other words. Slender fingers: slender legs. There was a 
small bone structure. 

"Did you see any genitals?" asked Dr. Schwarz. "I don't remember 
seeing that in the men or the female organs in the women. ... I don't 
remember seeing breasts on the women," the officer responded. So how 
could he tell that some of them were women? He replied that his friend 
had told him so (the sex presumably having been determined during 
autopsy). "When I saw the smallest female in the group I could see clear 
suture marks. My friend said there had been an autopsy and that from a 
study of her brain it was estimated that she was 200 years old. The 
smallest woman had a complete autopsy, opened with a Y incision. . . .

There was no bruising on the body. There were no signs of injuries to 
any of the bodies. ... He told me that they were vegetarians. The teeth 
were smooth, flat and very small."

Dr. Schwarz then questioned the witness more closely about the phys- 
ical details of the alien bodies: 

schwarz: How about the eyes . . . .
officer: Oh, that was interesting. They were tear-shaped with the slant 
going to the outside.
schwarz: Wrap around.
officer: No, no. They were not. They were large, open.
schwarz: Did they have lids? Could you tell.
officer: No, I could not tell.
schwarz: Eyebrows? Or anything like that.
officer: No brows. Two openings for the nostrils and the same for 
the ears. They were delicate. They looked as if you touched 
them they would break. No signs of wrinkling on them either.
schwarz: How could you make the guess that the lady was more than 
200 years old.
officer: This is what I asked him. He said from the count of the ridges 
on the brain. I never heard of that before.
schwarz: Approximately when did this happen.
officer: In the middle '70s. But they had this [craft and entities] from 
several years before. . . .

The officer claimed that the craft had been tracked on radar as it came 
to earth, the location pinpointed by triangulation. "When they [the mil- 
itary] got out there they found a small hole. Evidently a meteorite had 
hit this craft, causing rapid decompression, and the people died from 
that." The officer saw parts of this craft at the secret base in Arizona, 
including the seats. "The seats were a dull bronze metal-not cold to 
touch. I left my fingerprints all over. I still doubt everything. They still 
have the craft but where, I don't know."


A Craft Stored at the Base 

The intelligence officer claims to have seen a complete recovered craft 
at the base which came to grief in Nevada and was found half-buried in 
sand, yet completely undamaged.

From the bottom it was almost flat. It was almost 20 feet across- 
almost-because I walked it. There was a slight dome, but with a gradual 
rise. It was dull silver, but it was not paint. Inside the craft no cloth, but 
dull brown material like a coating over it. . . . There was a chair in front 
of a screen. It looked like a screen. It might have been for some navigational 
purpose. He wouldn't tell me about it.

There were instruments off to the side. Anyway, there were other slots 
to the side, and a big piece of metal moved-a computer-like appearance.

There were switches and lights. I saw symbols. The screen looked like a 
TV-circular, no grid marks. You could put your hand in it. It was more 
than seven feet high, as I judged it when I walked in and therefore I would 
guess about four feet round. I didn't ask about the symbols, triangles, 
circles, rectangles, odd shapes. . . .

The cabin wasn't dull, it was bright. Everything was flush, nothing 
standing out. There were levers by the seats-stuff I can't describe. There 
were no holes or rivets. A [container] came out of the wall and part of 
the food was there. They must have been vegetarians. The aisle was very 
narrow with thick black cloth over it. There were no screws, weld marks 
or rivets-smooth as if it were painted, but it wasn't painted. It was not 
metal, yet it was firm, not cloth or plastic or fibreglass. . . . They knew 
how to open and close the doors. This guy had been handling it for some 
time.


Was It a Hoax.

It is tempting to dismiss the intelligence officer's story as a hoax, yet 
Dr. Schwarz is convinced that nothing would be gained by this. The 
witness himself constantly expressed doubts, as indeed would anyone 
who found themselves in a similar situation. "Now that I look back on 
it, I doubt what I saw," he said. "I find it difficult to believe. ... I 
figure that the deal in Arizona was a 'sow-and-seed' to sow the disbeliever 
among the crowds. It is really a damn good maneuver when you think 
about it, because it comes from a man with good credentials, who was 
spewing forth madness. So, if you look at it in that light, yes, it does 
make sense now." 
Dr. Schwarz is equally convinced that the intelligence officer's story 
is not the product of a deranged mind:

As far as I am aware he has experienced no previous emotional instability, 
use of psychoactive or psychedelic drugs, or contact with noxious chem- 
icals in line of duty. . . . My cursory psychiatric examination of this person 
revealed no evidence for overt psychopathology, and if what he is saying 
is apocryphal or untrue, one would have to ask what his motive would be 
in view of his failure to receive any monetary gain or prestige from his 
story. If his account is part of a ruse on his part, or if he is consciously 
or surreptitiously being used by organizations for purposes not clear at this 
time, this would be an extraordinarily expensive operation, and many 
would have been fooled for no ostensible reason.

Harassment 

Following these extraordinary experiences at the secret Arizona base, the 
officer's family was visited by fellow intelligence personnel. "I get the 
feeling that some of my brother spooks did the usual follow-up,' he 
related to Schwarz:

Although I had the rank, I did not have the "need to know." They never 
said a thing, but they just sort of asked-my family was getting used to 
this. My Dad is a good officer. Although he has seen and taken a lot in 
his career, he was effectively shook. He was visited by three nondescript 
individuals in a nondescript car with credentials that were not authenti- 
cated ... not FBI. . . . They wouldn't attract open attention by their 
clothing or conversation. Dad never saw their eyes . . . they wore sun- 
glasses. . . . They asked questions about my career. . . . They would come 
and ask questions in my neighborhood and then get out, leaving everybody 
upset. My family would get calls from Washington. Now that I am married 
and because my wife's relatives are in Eastern Europe, I lost my Top 
Secret clearance, and I don't have the access that I used to have.

There was further harassment, Bert Schwarz related to me in 1983: 
. . . shortly after he told me his story with much sweat, he was visited by 
two Mutt and Jeff characters in dark suits who said they were from the 
government, flashed appropriate credentials and then proceeded to tell him 
everything that he had told me, plus that which he didn't tell me for obvious 
reasons. Shortly afterward, his double-locked, steel door apartment was 
broken into and various war medals, snapshots, negatives and other mem- 
orabilia were taken. ... It is a rather involved and sticky situation, as 
you might surmise.24

In 1984 I corresponded with the anthropologist and psychic researcher 
Dr. Eric Dingwall about this case. Since Dr. Dingwall (who died in 1986) 
had a background in military intelligence (MI6) and was keen to learn 
about the stories of recovered UFOs and their occupants, I thought his 
opinion would be valuable. He was, however, skeptical. "I know a good 
deal about Schwarz," he told me. "He is, I am told, a very warm hearted 
person with a touching faith in the fundamental goodness of human nature, 
and thus a massive credulity in matters 'supernatural.' Did it not strike 
you as possible that the tale of the retrieved UFOs and their occupants 
might not have been a 'try-on' by his informant just to see how much 
he would believe?"25

I put this to Dr. Schwarz. "Of course, I must come across as a 
charming, simple minded fool who believes in the fundamental goodness 
of human nature," he responded. "To be a therapist you have to have 
this approach, that is true. On the other hand, you're not born yesterday 
and you see every slimy, rotten thing that human beings are capable of 
also. Believe me, that is even more incredible than the claims of some 
of the paranormal phenomena."

Schwarz remains convinced by the officer's sincerity and integrity, 
and has kept in touch with him from time to time, "but, as you might 
imagine, he is tight-lipped about what he had told me. Once he did say, 
however, that he probably should have said nothing."26


FURTHER CONFIRMATION FOR THE RECOVERIES 

However unbelievable the stories of recovered UFOs and their occupants 
may seem, there has been confirmation from reliable sources that a number 
of such incidents did actually take place. The late Dr. Robert Sarbacher, 
former consultant to the Research and Development Board and President 
and Chairman of the Board of the Washington Institute of Technology, 
sent a letter to William Steinman in 1983 which clearly acknowledges 
this fact:

Relating to my own experience regarding recovered flying saucers, I had 
no association with any of the people involved in the recovery and have 
no knowledge regarding the dates of the recoveries. . . .

Regarding verification that persons you list were involved, I can only 
say this: John von Neumann was definitely involved. Dr. Vannevar Bush 
was definitely involved, and I think Dr. Robert Oppenheimer also.

My association with the Research and Development Board under Doctor 
Compton during the Eisenhower administration was rather limited so that 
although I had been invited to participate in several discussions associated 
with the reported recoveries, I could not personally attend the meetings.

I am sure that they would have asked Dr. von Braun, and the others that 
you listed were probably asked and may or may not have attended. This 
is all 1 know for sure. . . .

About the only thing I remember at this time is that certain materials 
reported to have come from flying saucer crashes were extremely light and 
very tough. 1 am sure our laboratories analyzed them very carefully.

There were reports that instruments or people operating these machines 
were also of very light weight, sufficient to withstand the tremendous ' 
deceleration and acceleration associated with their machinery. 1 remember 
in talking with some of the people at the office that I got the impression 
these "aliens" were constructed like certain insects we have observed on 
earth, wherein because of the low mass the inertial forces involved would 
be quite low.

I still do not know why the high order of classification has been given 
and why the denial of the existence of these devices.27 [Emphasis added] 
So, although Dr. Sarbacher was not directly involved in the recoveries, 
his comments leave no doubt that there was more than one recovery, and 
that some of the scientists cited by Steinman in his report on the Aztec 
case were definitely involved.

General George C. Marshall, US Army Chief of Staff in World War 
II, and Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs (1947-49), has also con- 
firmed that the authorities have recovered UFOs and their occupants. In 
1951 General Marshall spoke with Dr. Rolf Alexander, following sight- 
ings at Mexico City Airport when many films and photographs were taken 
while newsmen awaited the arrival of the general.

Marshall later revealed to Dr. Alexander that the UFOs were from 
another planet and that they were friendly; their hovering over defense 
establishments and airports was taken to mean that they could blow us 
all to bits if they had any evil intent. Marshall stated that they were 
undoubtedly trying to work out a method of remaining alive in our at- 
mosphere before landing and establishing friendly communications, and 
that the US authorities were convinced that earth had nothing to fear from 
them.

Questioned about landings, Marshall admitted that there had actually 
been contact with the men in the UFOs, and that on three occasions there 
had been landings which had proved disastrous for the occupants. On 
each of these occasions, he said, breathing the heavily oxygenated at- 
mosphere of earth had literally incinerated the visitors from within and 
burned them to a crisp. This last piece of information does not completely 
tally with the contemporary reports I have cited, in which it is claimed 
that some of the alien bodies survived in a good state of preservation.

But what are we to make of the comment that there had been "actual 
contact"? Regrettably, Marshall did not elaborate on this tantalizing rev- 
elation.

Asked by Dr. Alexander why such emphasis had been put on denying 
the existence of UFOs and censoring reports, Marshall replied that the 
US wanted her people to concentrate on the real menace- 
Communism-and not be distracted by the visitors from space. He went 
on to say that the famous Orson Welles prewar broadcast of H. G. Wells' 
science fiction story The War of the Worlds had demonstrated what re- 
action might be expected were the true facts generally known: a welter 
of hysterical nonsense and a complete disorientation from the tasks in 
hand. Rumors and speculation would create an atmosphere that the pro- 
pagandists of the Kremlin would be certain to exploit, he said.28

I do not know how accurately Dr. Alexander reported his meeting with 
General Marshall, but I do know that he was trusted and respected by 
some contemporary researchers, and therefore unlikely to have made up 
the story. Furthermore, he refused to allow Marshall's name to be as- 
sociated with the news release at the time, and it was not published until 
his own death as well as Marshall's.

In a letter to Derek Dempster, the first editor of FSR, Dr. Alexander 
made a comment that is as relevant today as it was then. "The trouble 
is," he wrote, "UFOs, alas, are no longer news unless we can manage 
to land one and have it photographed, and its crew interviewed by the 
press. This may not be impossible, but no one has managed it yet." 


=========================================================================
17. ABOVE TOP SECRET


THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY 

Founded in 1952 under President Truman, America's vast National Se- 
curity Agency has grown into the world's largest eavesdropping empire, 
with an estimated annual budget in 1985 of $2 billion. Based in 1,000 
acres at Fort George Meade, Maryland, the NSA has its own college 
(18,000 students at the last count), its own power station, television station 
and studio, and a total of 50,000 personnel. It is divided into ten main 
departments, including four operational divisions, five staff and support 
sections, and one training unit, whose basic functions are: Signals Intel- 
ligence (SIGINT), Electronics Intelligence (ELINT), Radar Intelligence 
(RADINT), Communications Security (COMSEC), and Human Intelli- 
gence (HUMINT).

In 1982 a sensational book by James Bamford, The Puzzle Palace, 
revealed a wealth of hitherto secret information about the NSA-an 
agency so secret that it was sometimes referred to as ''No Such Agency.''.

There is not one single reference to the subject of UFOs, however. Until 
recently, few outside the intelligence community had the slightest hint 
of NSA involvement with UFOs. When Robert Todd wrote to the NSA 
in 1976 requesting information on its role in UFO research, he received 
a blunt reply: "... please be advised that NSA does not have any interest 
in UFOs in any manner."

Thanks to Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), eighteen documents 
on UFOs originating with the NSA were admitted during litigation against 
the CIA. Lawyer Peter Gersten filed a request under the Freedom of 
Information Act for their release, but was informed that the documents 
were exempt from disclosure-under 5 US Code, Section 552 (b)(1)- 
in the interests of national security. After another unsuccessful attempt 
under the FOIA to obtain the documents, Gersten eventually succeeded 
in securing the release of two documents in January 1980. The NSA 
admitted that other documents on UFOs were being withheld, in addition 
to the original eighteen, and that a further seventy-nine documents were 
being referred to other originating agencies for review.3 Later that year 
NSA representative Eugene Yeates admitted in a court hearing that the 
NSA had found a total of 239 documents on UFOs that were relevant to 
the FOIA request.

Following another refusal to release more documents, Peter Gersten 
filed suit against the NSA on behalf of CAUS in the District Court, 
Washington, DC, in the spring of 1980 to obtain the 135 documents then 
admitted to being withheld by the agency. Judge Gesell studied a twenty- 
one-page NSA affidavit in camera and ruled that the agency was fully 
justified in withholding the documents in their entirety:

The bulk of the material withheld consists of communications intelligence 
reports, which defendant asserts are protected by Exemptions 1 and 3 of 
the Freedom of Information Act. . . . The Court first carefully reviewed 
the public affidavit of National Security Agency official Eugene Yeates 
and then, after receiving plaintiff's opposition, examined personally a top 
secret affidavit from Yeates, submitted by defendant in camera. ... On 
the basis of these affidavits, the Court finds that the claimed exemptions 
have been properly and conscientiously applied.

The communications intelligence reports clearly relate to the most sen- 
sitive activities of the defendant. . . .

Throughout the Court's review of this material, the Court has been 
aware of the public interest in the issue of UFOs and the need to balance 
that interest against the agency's need for secrecy. The in camera affidavit 
presents factual considerations which aided the Court in determining that 
the public interest in disclosure is far outweighed by the sensitive nature 
of the materials and the obvious effect on national security their release 
may well entail. . . . The case is dismissed.4 [Emphasis added] 
The in-camera affidavit (see Appendix, pp. 535-39) was itself classified 
at a level above top secret-Top Secret Umbra, the highest classification 
for SIGINT documents at the time. "Top Secret" refers to intelligence 
material which if revealed is considered gravely damaging to the interests 
of the state. The additional stamp (such as ROYAL, COSMIC, or, in 
the case of MJ-12-MAJIC) restricts access still further to those with a 
"ticket" to the "compartment"-a need to know about that particular 
intelligence matter. It may therefore be safely inferred that the subject 
matter of the NSA affidavit is of the utmost intelligence sensitivity. While not denying its involvement in UFO research, the NSA states that the 
main reason for nondisclosure is that the documents would reveal the 
means whereby it obtained the COMINT and SIGINT information in the 
first place. According to its affidavit (which the NSA sent me, in censored 
form, in 1983):

In processing the plaintiff's FOIA request, a total of two hundred and 
thirty-nine documents were located in NSA files. Seventy-nine of these 
documents originated with other government agencies and have been re- 
ferred by NSA to those agencies for their direct response to the plain- 
tiff. . . . One document ... is an account by a person assigned to NSA 
of his attendance at a UFO symposium and it cannot fairly be said to be 
a record of the kind sought by the plaintiff. Another document . . . was 
recently declassified and released to plaintiff. Two additional non-COM- 
INT records have been released . . . with the exempted material de- 
leted. . . .

The remaining one hundred and fifty-six records being withheld are 
communications intelligence (COMINT) reports which were produced be- 
tween 1958 and 1979. For purposes of my discussion here, these records 
are organized into three groups based upon the source of the report.

The following thirteen pages of the affidavit are almost totally blacked 
out. The only information we are given by the NSA's Chief of Policy, 
Eugene Yeates, is as follows:

As I have stated in my open affidavit, when alerted to the extent of NSA's 
capability, and if given information from which inferences could be drawn 
as to the processing methods used, foreign intelligence services would be 
able to evade or defeat portions of NSA's present foreign intelligence 
efforts. . . . The disclosure of other records at issue here, would result in 
the loss of the intelligence information. . . . The value of the intelligence 
data collected from these sources is obvious.

In the final two pages of the affidavit we are told that: 
... the one hundred and fifty-six [deleted! reports relating to COMINT 
activities at issue here are based on intercepted communications of foreign 
governments or SIGINT operations and, thus, remain properly classified.

In conducting this review I have weighed the significant need for openness 
in government against the likelihood of damage to our national security at 
this time and have determined that each record should continue to be 
classified. No meaningful portion can be segregated from the records with- 
out revealing classified information about the intercepted communications 
underlying the COMINT reports.5

Of 502 lines in the affidavit, 412 are totally or partially deleted. While 
I am all in favor of the NSA protecting its intelligence-acquiring capa- 
bility, I find it difficult to accept that the deleted portions relate exclusively 
to these matters. And why did the NSA not produce any of the documents 
for the judge to examine, as is customary in a dispute on whether material 
is properly classified.

An appeal to the US Court of Appeals in October 1981 led nowhere.

As William Moore comments:

In a brief decision issued barely a week after the oral arguments were 
presented (normal time for such decisions is about two months), the panel . . .

upheld the lower court's position virtually without comment. All three 
judges, along with U.S. defense attorney Cheryl M. Long (but not plaintiff 
attorney Gersten) had been granted special security clearances to enable 
them to view the same NSA classified affidavit which had been presented 
to Judge Gesell a year earlier.6

Peter Gersten filed a petition in 1982 to have the US Supreme Court 
hear the case of CAUS v. NSA. The eighty-four-page petition argued 
against the NSA's "sweeping classifications of all UFO data," but in 
March 1982 the Supreme Court upheld the earlier ruling of the District 
Court.


The Central Security Service 

All my Freedom of Information requests to the NSA have been dealt with 
by the Central Security Service (CSS), the agency's "inner sanctum."

Created in 1972 under President Nixon, the CSS is, according to James 
Bamford, the "eyes and ears of America's cryptological establishment.

They are the soldiers, sailors, Marines and airmen who sit in long rows 
with earphones, turning dials, activating tape recorders, and tapping out 
messages on six-ply, multicolored carbon paper." 
"Before NSA can attach a code or read a message," Bamford explains, 
"it first must be able to capture and record the elusive signal. Such is 
the job of the Central Security Service, an invisible organization virtually 
unknown beyond Fort Meade."7

I have already drawn attention to the fact that the NSA has been 
receiving UFO reports from the military since 1953. Why? Because the 
NSA needs to gather as much information as possible on a twenty-four- 
hour basis for its main client, the CIA. The NSA has now improved its 
eavesdropping capability to the extent that it can monitor virtually any 
communication transmitted from anywhere in the world-and beyond.

Coded and scrambled messages, broadcasts, Telex, satellite trans mis- 
sions, and even commercial and private telephone calls are monitored 
when deemed necessary. Thus the NSA, together with other similar agen- 
cies, most particularly Britain's GCHQ (with whom it has a very close 
relationship), is in a position to know almost anything of intelligence 
significance that is transmitted electronically. Through the joint NSA/ 
GCHQ agreement, any telephone call entering or leaving Britain, for 
instance, can be monitored, because the relevant computers are pro- 
grammed to search every international circuit for particularly sensitive 
names and numbers.8 At least, such is its reputed capability. The NSA 
knows, for example, when a pilot reports a UFO sighting by radio, and 
can monitor any subsequent news stories about the incident. The CIA 
stands ready to ensure that a potentially significant story is debunked with the minimum delay: that is, of course, if the media take the story seriously in the first place. (The CIA has at various times owned or subsidized 
dozens of newspapers, news services and radio stations.) 


Examples of NSA's Involvement 

While working with the NSA in 1964, Todd Zechel saw messages trans- 
mitted from the Air Force Special Security Service (an NSA/USAF sub- 
sidiary) to the CIA's Special Security Office-a CIA cover within NSA's 
communications network. The transmissions were radar plottings of a 
UFO flying in an erratic manner near the border of a certain country, 
which had been picked up by a reconnaissance plane during a tracking 
mission.

Zechel assumes that the CIA had issued instructions to the NSA to 
report on all UFOs it tracked. "The fact that the messages were being 
routed to the CIA station certainly indicates a prior arrangement to do 
so," he believes. "I think it would be safe to assume that the CIA- 
which worked closely with Air Force Special Security anyway-had 
instructed the unit to keep them informed of any sightings."

Zechel relates that it did not come as a surprise to any of those with 
whom he worked at the NSA that UFOs existed or that the CIA had an 
interest in them. "In fact," he says, "most of the personnel I worked 
with were convinced of the reality of UFOs, and many had had personal 
experiences with these puzzling craft during the course of their jobs."

He states that although certain personnel in the NSA know a great deal 
about the UFO phenomenon, and have encountered much in the way of 
photographic and radar intelligence (PHOTINT and RADINT), the NSA 
is for the most part kept ignorant of the analysis. "NSA has always been 
in a subordinate role to the CIA," he claims, "and whatever data it did 
gather was passed on to the CIA. Therefore, the analysis of the data was 
performed by CIA personnel; specifically, the CIA's Office of Scientific 
Intelligence, with NSA being kept ignorant of the conclusions."9

Nuclear physicist Stanton Friedman, one of America's leading UFO 
researchers, has obtained details of an alarming incident which included 
a statement by a security specialist attached to a unit of the Air Force 
Security Service, based with the 6947th Security Squadron whose mission 
was the monitoring of all Cuban military communications:

In March of 1967 . . . Cuban radar installations reported a bogey ap- 
proaching the Cuban land mass from the northeast. 2 MiG-21 interceptors 
were scrambled when the bogey crossed Cuban air space at an altitude of 
approximately 10,000 meters and at a speed approaching Mach [1]. The 
interceptors were directed to the bogey by Cuban Ground Control Intercept 
and were guided to within 5 kilometers of the object.

The wing leader reported the object was a bright metallic sphere with 
no visible markings or appendages. After a futile attempt to contact the 
object for identification, Cuban Air Defense headquarters ordered the wing 
leader to arm his weapons and destroy the object. The wing leader reported 
his missiles armed and his radar locked-on.

Seconds later the wing man began screaming to the ground controller 
that the wing leader s aircraft had exploded. After regaining his compo- 
sure he further reported that there was no smoke or flame; the aircraft 
had disintegrated. Cuban radar reported the object quickly accelerated 
and climbed beyond 30,000 meters and at last report was heading south- 
southeast toward South America.

A spot report was sent to National Security Agency headquarters, which 
is standard procedure in any case involving aircraft loss by an enemy 
country. NSA is required to acknowledge receipt of such a report, however 
they didn't and therefore we sent a follow-up report. Within hours we 
received orders to ship all tapes and pertinent intelligence to the Agency 
and were told to list the incident in the squadron files as aircraft loss due to equipment malfunction.10 [Emphasis added] 

Brad Sparks, an expert on intelligence matters as they pertain to the 
UFO question, points out that the data sent to the NSA would include 
direction-finding measurements which the agency could later combine 
with other listening sites' data in order "to triangulate the location and 
altitude of the MiG-21 flight paths. If the AFSS equipment in Florida 
[Key West Naval Air Station] was sensitive enough," Sparks believes, 
"the UFO could have been tracked by its reflection of the Cuban ground 
and airborne radars." 

As a result of filing FOIA requests on the incident to NSA, CIA, Air 
Force, and Navy, researcher Robert Todd was interrogated by the FBI 
-partly because he was on the point of taking up the CIA's suggestion 
of checking with the Cuban government for further details! One of the 
FBI agents explained to Todd that the Bureau had been asked to investigate 
the matter by the NSA owing to the fact that NSA has no law-enforcement 
responsibilities. The agents began intimidating Todd by reading the es- 
pionage laws, reminding him that these carried a penalty of life impris- 
onment or even death in some cases. No charges were brought against 
him, however.11

This incident serves to highlight a number of reasons, some of them 
perfectly straightforward and reasonable, why the intelligence community 
would need to cover up the results of its investigations into UFO reports.

But an alarming report of a UFO causing the destruction of a jet- 
regardless of which air force it belonged to-is surely cause for the gravest 
concern in high places of office and does not fall into any conventional 
category of classification. We should bear in mind that some other with- 
held NSA documents may well relate to similar incidents. I have already 
documented disturbing cases of aircraft having disappeared in the im- 
mediate vicinity of UFOs, although the association is not always proven.

Perhaps one of the NSA's withheld documents relates to the following 
report, which I obtained via a defense source during a visit to South 
Africa in 1981. On 18 June 1977 two South African Air Force pilots, 
both with fifteen years and 7,000 hours flying experience, disappeared 
forty miles northwest of Ludoritz, together with their French-built Mirage 
F1CZ jets. The last radio contact was at 1048 hours, and at about 1115 
hours the planes simply vanished from the radar screen. It was evident 
that the pilots were frantically trying to communicate with base: the radio 
call button was being pressed but no transmission could be heard.

A simple accident-perhaps a collision? Both planes were equipped 
with life gear. A Navy ship was in the area within an hour and a helicopter 
within two hours. Weather conditions were good: 3/8ths altocumulus at 
25,000 feet and high cirrus at 45-50,000 feet-the altitude the planes 
were flying. No trace was ever found of either the pilots or planes.

No UFOs were reported in the area as far as I know, although it was 
made clear to me that the Air Force believed that no conventional ex- 
planation could account for the disappearance. The SAAF takes UFOs 
extremely seriously, in company with air forces throughout the world.

As early as 1953 a Defense Headquarters spokesman in Pretoria revealed 
that there had been some reliable sightings by SAAF officers and added:
"There is now a regular exchange of information between our Air Force 
and the Royal Air Force. Reports have also been referred to military 
intelligence."12 In 1955 the Air Chief of Staff, Brigadier Melville, ad- 
mitted that the South African Department of Defense classified official 
information on the subject as "Top Secret-Not to be Divulged."13


UFO Hypothesis and Survival Questions 

In late 1983 I wrote to NSA's Director of Policy, James Devine, asking 
if he was prepared to admit that NSA still monitored the UFO situation 
and what conclusions had been arrived at. On the one hand, I said, we 
are told that the vast majority of sightings can be explained and that there 
is no evidence that any of the unexplained reports constitute a defense 
threat, while on the other hand documents released under the FOIA show 
that many sightings relate to high-performance, structured vehicles, re- 
ports of which are treated extremely seriously at high level. 
"I appreciate your frustration in attempting to obtain information on 
such a complex topic," Mr. Devine replied. "Unfortunately, however, 
I have nothing further to add to the information in Mr. Yeates' affi- 
davit."14

I had not expected, of course, that the NSA would let me know its 
conclusions on the matter, since it seems evident from the twenty-one- 
page affidavit that these are classified above top secret. But one of the 
handful of documents released by the NSA on the subject addresses the 
problem of "human survival implications" relating to UFO phenomena.

The document, entitled UFO Hypothesis and Survival Questions, was 
sent to me by the NSA in 1984. It was originally classified, the NSA's 
Deputy Director of Policy, Frederick Berghoff, explained, "because cer- 
tain portions tangentially discussed protected activities pertaining to the 
NSA/CSS. Most of the remaining portions of the document reflected 
open-source information on UFOs. The text of this document is being 
released to you in its entirety. The deletions reflect classification markings 
which are no longer applicable as well as the name of an NSA/CSS 
employee."

The 1968 seven-page NSA article discusses the various hypotheses for 
UFOs, which I summarize below: 

HOAXES 
. . . Rarely have men of science, while acting within 
their own professional capacities, perpetrated hoaxes.

The fact that UFO phenomenon [sic] have been wit- 
nessed all over the world from ancient times, and by 
considerable numbers of reputable scientists in recent 
times, indicates rather strongly that UFOs are not all 
hoaxes. . . . 

HALLUCINATIONS 
. . . a considerable number of instances exist in which 
there are groups of people and a radar or radars seeing 
the same thing at the same time; sometimes a person 
and a guncamera confirm each other's testimony. . . .

The sum of such evidence seems to argue strongly 
against all UFOs being hallucinations. . . .

NATURAL PHENOMENA 
If this hypothesis is correct the capability of air warn- 
ing systems to correctly diagnose an attack situation 
is open to serious question. . . . Many UFOs have 
been reported by trained observers to behave like high 
5>peed, high performance, high altitude rockets or air- 
craft. The apparent solidity and craft-like shape of the 
objects have often been subject to radar confirma- 
tion. . . .

Sometimes the phenomena appear to defy radar 
detection and to cause massive electromagnetic inter- 
ference. . . . 

SECRET EARTH PROJECTS 
. . . Undoubtedly, all UFOs should be carefully scru- 
tinized to ferret-out such enemy (or "friendly") proj- 
ects. Otherwise a nation faces the very strong possibility 
of being intimidated by a new secret "doomsday" 
weapon.

EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL INTELLIGENCE
If "they" discover you it is an old but hardly invalid 
rule of thumb, "they" are your technological supe- 
riors. . . . Human history has shown us time and again 
the tragic results of a confrontation between a tech- 
nologically superior civilization and a technologically 
inferior people. . . .

Although the well-informed NSA author delves deeply into the problems 
associated with confrontation between a technologically advanced society 
and an inferior one on earth, there is no conclusion as to whether or not 
UFOs could be extraterrestrial in origin.

NSA also sent me a heavily censored three-page monograph and ap- 
pendix on UFOs by the same writer. "We wish to emphasize," Mr. Berghoff wrote, "that these draft documents were never published, for- 
mally issued, acted upon, or responded to by any government official or 
agency. Moreover, they are not NSA/CSS reports and in no way reflect 
an official NSA/CSS position concerning UFOs. They are subject to the 
provisions of the FOIA only because they have been retained by this 
Agency for historical reference purposes."15


Projects Aquarius, Sigma, and Snowbird 

In a leaked document purporting to originate with the US Air Force Office 
of Special Investigations (AFOSI)-its authenticity denied to me by both 
AFOSI and NASA-there is an intriguing reference to "Project Aquarius."

Another leaked memo mentions "Project Sigma," allegedly initiated in 
1954 to establish communication with aliens. "This Project met with 
positive success," the spurious-looking document states, and goes on to 
describe how a USAF intelligence officer "met two aliens at a pre- 
arranged location in the desert of New Mexico . . . this project is con- 
tinuing at an Air Force base in New Mexico." The same document lists 
"Project Snowbird" (referred to in Chapter 12), allegedly established in 
1972; its mission was to test fly a recovered alien aircraft. The project 
is said to be continuing in Nevada.

The second document looked decidedly bogus to me, and yet there is 
evidence that the projects exist (or existed). An FOIA request to NSA 
by a researcher asking for details on the projects brought the reply: "Please 
be advised that Project Aquarius does not deal with unidentified aerial 
objects. We, therefore, have no information to provide to you on the 
matter." The reply, from NSA's Chief of Information Policy Dennis 
Chadwick, continues:

In your letter you also ask for information on Projects Sigma and Snowbird.

The FOIA provides that a person has a right of access to federal agency 
records, except to the extent that such records are protected from disclosure 
by one of nine exemptions. It does not require that an agency answer 
questions. As I mentioned in my letter of 29 February, Sigma and Snowbird 
are not NSA projects; therefore, we have no information to give you on 
these topics.

Since you indicate in your letter that you will not be paying the $15,000.00 
fee to search for records pertaining to Aquarius, this response completes 
our action on your request.16

A fee of $15,000 is outlandish by any standards. The researcher ac- 
cordingly narrowed down his FOIA request relating to Project Aquarius, 
and in April 1986 Julia Wetzel, NSA Director of Policy, responded:

The document located in response to your request as stated in your 7 March 
letter has been reviewed by this Agency as required by the FOIA and has 
been found to be currently and properly classified . . . and remains TOP 
SECRET. . . . The document is classified because its disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause exceptionally grave damage to the national 
security ... no portion of the information is reasonably segregable.17 
So, while there is no proof that Project Aquarius is related to UFOs, 
there is at least some evidence now to suggest that it is. I remain impressed 
with the leaked AFOSI document, part of which states: "the official 
GOVERNMENT POLICY AND RESULTS OF PROJECT AQUARIUS IS STILL CLAS- 
SIFIED TOP SECRET WITH NO DISSEMINATION OUTSIDE OFFICIAL INTELLI- 
GENCE CHANNELS AND WITH RESTRICTED ACCESS TO 'MJ TWELVE.' 

NSA has now confirmed the existence of Project Aquarius and that it 
is still classified top secret. Will the existence of the top secret Majestic 12 panel be similarly confirmed in due course.


THE ATTITUDE IN SOME OTHER COUNTRIES 

The superpowers may have a monopoly on top secret information about 
UFOs, but the attitude of officialdom in less powerful nations is of no 
less significance. Over the years some very revealing statements have 
been made by defense chiefs, although there has been a marked reluctance 
more recently to admit to serious investigations. In 1986 I wrote to the 
embassies of forty countries requesting a statement on the official position 
with regard to the subject. I received only a dozen or so replies, the 
majority indicating that no official policy was pursued.


Brazil 

In Chapter 13 I cite two official directives that prove just how seriously 
UFOs are taken in Brazil. "This is a matter of National Security, and 
all press releases will be made by the Brazilian Air Force Public Relations 
Department" says one, issued in 1969, while a 1973 Sao Paulo State 
directive forbids the media "to divulge UFO reports without the prior 
censorship of the Brazilian Air Force."

Dr. Olavo T. Fontes was one of Brazil's pioneer investigators back in 
the 1950s, and had contacts with Naval Intelligence sources who left him 
in no doubt about the high priority attached to the subject. In a letter sent 
to the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) on 27 February 
1958, Dr. Fontes provided some revealing information: 

". . . The Brazilian Navy, for example, receives monthly classified reports 
from the U.S. Navy and sends back to them any information available 
here. ... In Brazil only the persons who work on the problem know the 
real situation: intelligence officers in the Army, Navy and Air Force; some 
high-ranking officers in the High Command; the National Security Council 
and a few scientists whose activities are connected with it; and a few mem- 
bers of certain civilian organizations doing research for military projects.

All information about the UFO subject from the military is not only 
classified or reserved for official uses, it is top secret. Civilian authorities 
and military officers in general are not entitled to know. Even our President is not informed of the whole truth.

Military authorities throughout the world agree that the people are not 
entitled to know anything about the problem. Some military groups believe 
that such a knowledge would be a tremendous shock-enough to paralyze 
the life in our country for many years in the future."

Dr. Fontes believed that people have a right to know what is being 
concealed from them. "Secrecy is something which does not breed se- 
curity but fear," he wrote. "Can the military take decisions that may 
affect the future of the whole of mankind?" In this connection I am 
reminded of a comment by Groucho Marx. "Military intelligence," he 
once remarked, "is a contradiction in terms. . . ."

There have been some encouraging new developments in Brazil, how- 
ever, which indicate that the military authorities are now inclined to be 
more open with the populace. When UFOs saturated radar screens and 
were seen by the pilots of seven aircraft on the night of 19 May 1986, 
the incidents were publicly confirmed by the Air Minister and reported 
worldwide.

The first incident occurred at 2110 hours when Colonel Ozires Silva, 
formerly president of the Embraer aircraft firm and currently head of the 
Petrobras oil company, together with Commander Alcir Pereira da Silva, 
were alerted by Sao Paulo radar to the presence of unidentified traffic in 
their vicinity. The pilots-flying an Embraer Xingu-saw a "dancing" 
point of light in the sky which, when they flew closer, appeared as a 
bright red-orange light which came on for 10-15 seconds, then off, 
reappearing in a different location. This went on for about 30 minutes.

Brazilian Defense Center (CINDACTA) went on full alert as radar 
screens in the area became saturated with unknown targets, causing dis- 
ruption to air traffic. Three F-5E Tiger jets were scrambled from Santa 
Cruz AFB near Sao Paulo, followed by three Mirage III jets from Anap- 
olis AFB.

One of the F-5 pilots, Lieutenant Kleber Caldas Marinho, was vectored 
to a target but saw nothing at first. Ground and airborne radar confirmed 
that an object was thirty-five miles away, and when Marinho caught sight 
of it he reported an intense reddish light that changed colors to white, 
green, and back to red. Marinho's attempts to close on the target were 
futile. It was, he said, "like attempting to reach a point at infinity." 

Captain Marcio Jordao, another F-5 pilot, managed to reduce the dis- 
tance from the target to 12 miles but it then moved out to sea beyond 
the 200-mile limit from Santa Cruz.

One of the Mirage pilots, Captain Armindo Souza Viriato de Freitas, 
provided some more details: 

... I was warned by ground control that there were several targets ahead 
of me, at a distance of 20 miles and ranging in number from 10 to 13. I 
was also advised that the targets were approaching my plane, and finally 
that they were following me at a distance of 2 miles [sic]. I had to lower 
my plane, as the lights had descended, but from then on they climbed 
vertically. This was my only visual contact, but I could see them in my 
radar at a distance of 12 miles.

The Anapolis AFB radar controller advised Captain Viriato that he had 
thirteen targets behind his plane at one stage-seven to one side and six 
to the other. The objects made incredible 180° turns on the pilot's radar 
set, although he was unable to spot them in the air. "No plane I know 
can make turns like that at 1,000 kilometers an hour," he said. The speed 
of the objects at other times varied from 150 to 800 kph. Lieutenant 
Valdecir Fernando Coelho, one of the air traffic controllers, was equally 
at a loss to explain the incidents, which lasted for over three hours. "In 
my 14 years of experience as a radar operator, I never saw anything like 
this," he said.

Air Minister Brigadier Otavio Julio Moreira Lima later informed the 
President of Brazil, Jose Sarney, about the intrusions. At the press con- 
ference the Air Minister declared that "radar is not subject to optical 
illusions. Radar echoes are due to solid objects, or to massive clouds, 
which were not present that night" (the weather was clear).

According to one report, the President of Brazil personally authorized 
the decision to release the story publicly.18

There have now been millions of sightings reported worldwide, and 
by all accounts Brazil is one of the most inundated. This brings me to a 
question often raised: Why don't more people see UFOs? "I'd give 
anything to see one. Why don't I?" I am frequently asked. I know the 
feeling. During a wave of sightings in South America in 1965 I happened 
to be touring in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Columbia, Peru, Uruguay and 
Venezuela, spending a lot of time in the air. I saw absolutely nothing 
that could be construed as an anomalous UFO. A tour of Australia in 
1966 during a flurry of sightings was equally frustrating in this respect.

I have also spent a total of several years traveling throughout the United 
States (1963-86) and only once did I see a UFO (together with Madeleine 
Rodeffer at her home in Silver Spring, Maryland, in 1967). I can only 
offer my opinion that it seems to be a question of being in the right place 
at the right time. Although I have seen three aerial objects in my life that 
I am unable to explain, it looks as if I have been in rather a lot of the 
wrong places at the wrong time. . . .


Indonesia 

"UFOs sighted in Indonesia are identical with those sighted in other 
countries," stated Air Marshal Roesmin Nurjadin, Commander-in-Chief 
of the Indonesian Air Force, in 1967. "Sometimes they pose a problem 
for our air defense and once we were obliged to open fire on them."19

The most active periods for UFO reports in Indonesia were 1953-54 
and 1964-65, according to Air Commodore J. Salutun, Member of Par- 
liament and Secretary of the National Aerospace Council of the Republic 
of Indonesia. Salutun has confirmed the incident referred to by Air Mar- 
shal Nurjadin: "The most spectacular UFO incident in Indonesia occurred 
when, during the height of President Sukarno's confrontation against 
Malaysia, UFOs penetrated a well-defended area in Java for two weeks 
at a stretch, and each time were welcomed with perhaps the heaviest 
antiaircraft barrage in history." [Emphasis added] 
"I am convinced that we must study the UFO problem seriously for 
reasons of sociology, technology and security," Salutun says. "The study 
of UFOs may lead to new and revolutionary concepts in propulsion and 
space technology in general, from which our present state-of-the-art may 
benefit." He continues: "The study of UFOs is a necessity for the sake 
of world security in the event we have to prepare for the worst in the 
space age, irrespective of whether we become the Columbus or the 
Indians."20


Japan 

I shall never forget the overwhelming hospitality accorded me by Japanese 
ufologists during my first visit to that country in 1964. While discussions 
focused on more general aspects of the subject, I was unable to acquire 
any information regarding the official line at that time, and my recent 
response from the Embassy of Japan in London shed no further light on 
the matter. "Although there is a considerable interest in UFOs in the 
private sector," I was told, "the Japanese government has not yet set up 
any research institute or department for them."21 Yet there is evidence 
for official concern in Japan.

In 1967 General Kanshi Ishikawa, Chief of Air Staff of Japan's Air 
Self-Defense Force, made the following important statement:

If UFOs are flying objects hovering in the sky, they should be caught by 
radar. Much evidence tells us they have been tracked by radar; so, UFOs 
are real and they may come from outer space. ... I can imagine that there 
are two types of UFOs; small ones for scouting and large ships for inter- 
stellar travel, utilizing electro-magnetic fields.

The dream of our pilots is to acquire the technique of gravity-control, 
capable of perfectly free maneuverability. I believe the saucer-shape is the 
best design from the point of view of hydrodynamics. . . . UFO photo- 
graphs and various materials show scientifically that there are more ad- 
vanced people piloting the saucers and motherships.22 

"UFOs are impossible to deny," said Colonel Fujio Hayashi, Com- 
mander of the Air Transport Wing, Irima Air Squadron, in the late 1960s. 
"When we pilots scramble we have to identify the object clearly, whether 
it is an enemy or not. . . . Though it is said that these unknown objects 
might be the secret weapons of some powers, it is very strange that we 
have never been able to find out the source for over two decades."23

In September 1977 Lieutenant General Akira Hirano, Chief of Staff 
of the JASDF, admitted: "We frequently see unidentified objects in the 
skies. We are quietly investigating them." The following day, however, 
it was explained that the general had made a mistake: Hirano's staff 
denied that he had mentioned official investigations. "If they're hostile, 
we want to have a full explanation before we upset the general populace," 
an official admitted later, on condition that his name was not published.

Major Shiro Kubota claims to have had an alarming encounter with a 
UFO which led to the death of Lieutenant Colonel Toshio Nakamura, 
who was flying with him in an F-4EJ Phantom on 9 June 1974 when the 
incident is alleged to have occurred. Nakamura told a reporter:

We thought at first we were going up to intercept a Soviet bomber, of the 
type which sometimes tests our northern air defenses. After Toshio got us 
airborne, our Ground Control Intercept (GCI) explained to us that we were 
going upstairs to check out a bright-colored light reported by dozens of 
observers and showing on radar. Several minutes later, we broke out of 
the clouds and leveled off at 30,000 feet on a clear, moonless night. That 
was when we spotted the light a few miles ahead.

Even at first, I felt that this disk-like, red-orange object was a flying 
craft, made and flown by intelligent beings. It appeared to be about 10 
meters in diameter, with square-shaped marks around its side which may 
have been windows or propulsion outlets. Toshio aimed us straight toward 
it and, as it grew larger in our gun sight, it dipped into a shallow turn, as if sensing our presence. . . .

Toshio armed our 20mm cannon and closed in on the UFO. Suddenly, 
the object reversed direction and shot straight at us. . . . Toshio threw the 
stick to the left and forced us into a sudden, violent dive. The glowing 
red UFO shot past-missing us by inches. Then it made a sharp turn and 
came at us again. . . . The UFO began making rapid, high-speed passes 
at us, drawing closer and closer. Several times, the strange object narrowly missed us.

And then-if the report is to be believed-the UFO struck the Phantom 
jet. Both pilots ejected, but Nakamura's parachute caught fire and he fell 
to his death. The UFO either disappeared or disintegrated.

Japanese Air Defense authorities conducted a lengthy investigation 
into the incident, but no findings have been released to date, beyond an 
admission that the Phantom-serial number 17-8307-crashed, killing 
Nakamura, following a collision with "an aircraft or object unknown" 
Rather than remain silent about the incident Kubota retired from active 
service.

Major General Hideki Komura, an adviser to Japan's top intelligence 
agency, the Naicho (Cabinet Research Office), has admitted that inves- 
tigations into UFOs are carried out at a top level. At first, he explained, 
the JASDF openly solicited reports from the public. "This was in the 
late 1950s and we were, frankly, imitating your own Project Blue Book," 
he told the American reporter. "But we were deluged. Interest was so 
great, and so many reports poured in, that we were unable to separate 
the 'good' reports from the garakuda [rubbish]. We had to give up. It 
simply was not working."

General Komura was reluctant to disclose details of investigations then 
(1977) being conducted by defense and intelligence agencies, but re- 
vealed: "We cooperate very closely with your [U.S.] government. Re- 
member how we invited your Foreign Technology Division officials here 
to examine the MiG-25 jet we received from a defecting Soviet pilot? 
[Britain's MI6 had been instrumental in securing Lt.Belenko's defection.] 
The Foreign Technology Division is the outfit under which Project Blue 
Book once operated. We have cooperated many times on other issues, 
and visitors from another planet would certainly be a legitimate subject 
for inquiry."24 

Of the many reports of sightings by Japanese airline pilots, the most 
recent example is that of the crew of a Japan Air Lines cargo flight on 
the night of 17 November 1986. Flight JAL 1628 was entering US airspace 
at 39,000 feet and Captain Kenju Terauchi and his crew were making 
final preparations before descending to Anchorage Airport. Suddenly they 
noticed some unusual lights accompanying the Boeing 747. "They were 
flying parallel and then suddenly approached very close," said Terauchi.

He caught a brief glimpse of the main object's walnut-shaped silhouette 
and judged it to be ''two times bigger than an aircraft carrier."

The pilot was instructed by air traffic control to descend to 4,000 feet 
and make turns, but the objects continued to follow the plane for thirty- 
two minutes before vanishing. US Federal Aviation Administration au- 
thorities admitted that the objects were tracked on radar but had not 
registered on the radar tapes.

The FA A investigated the incident and found the crew to be "normal, 
professional, and rational." Captain Terauchi, a pilot for twenty-nine 
years, said that he was unable to explain the.phenomenon in conventional 
terms and speculated that it may have been extraterrestrial in origin since 
the objects moved and stopped so quickly and suddenly. "We were 
carrying Beaujolais from France to Japan," he said. "Maybe they wanted 
to drink it."25


New Zealand 

"The Ministry of Defense in New Zealand is not specifically charged 
with any formal responsibility for investigating so-called UFOs," I was 
informed in 1985, "and neither is any other government department. The 
Ministry does however take an active interest in all such reports and 
within the limitations of its resources conducts investigations as neces- 
sary."26 The Ministry kindly sent me the results of their investigation 
into the famous UFO sightings (tracked on radar and filmed) over East 
Coast South Island on 20/21 and 30/31 December 1978. But I would 
prefer to mention an important case that was not acknowledged as having 
taken place by the MoD, and was related to me personally by a witness.

Derek Mansell, Director of Data Research for Contact UK, served in 
the Royal Air Force from 1950 to 1955 before spending five years in the 
Royal New Zealand Air Force as a ground crew airman. Sometime in 
June of 1956 or 1957 (regrettably he can't recall the exact date), Derek 
told me that a Bristol 170 Mk 31M Freighter in which he was flying on 
a weekly freight run from Dunedin to Auckland encountered a UFO over 
Wellington, although no one on board actually saw the object.

Suddenly the aircraft seemed to have flown into a violent squall with 
the usual accompanying turbulence. "We were enveloped in a shadow, 
like a cloud," Derek told me, "the engines started to run badly and the 
dials didn't function correctly. The compass spun like mad, and all com- 
munications to ground and other aircraft failed." After about twenty-five 
minutes everything returned to normal.

When the Freighter landed at Ohakea the pilot of a Douglas C-47
Dakota, which had also just landed and had been following the Freighter, 
asked if the latter had seen a huge metallic disk, about 250 feet in diameter, 
with a blue light on top and a red one on the bottom, which had apparently 
been just above the Freighter. They replied in the negative, but mentioned 
the sudden turbulence and interference with instruments and communi- 
cations. The Dakota pilot reported that he was unable to contact the 
Freighter at this time, and said that the UFO had shadowed the other 
plane for twenty-five minutes. According to Derek, photographs were 
taken of the object by the Dakota crew which have never been released.

The Air Movements Officer asked the Commanding Officer of Ohakea 
Air Force Base to attend the subsequent debriefing, which lasted two hours.

The crews of both the Freighter and Dakota were forbidden to leave the 
room while the CO asked the adjutant to bring in forms which they were 
obliged to sign, warning them not to discuss the matter with anyone, and 
reminding them of their obligations under the Official Secrets Act.


Zimbabwe 

At 5:45 p.m. on 22 July 1985 two Hawk jets of the Air Force of Zimbabwe 
were scrambled from Thornhill Air Base, following sightings of a UFO 
from Bulawayo and five other urban centers in the western province of 
Matabeleland South. The object was seen from the control tower at Bu- 
lawayo Airport and tracked on radar. "This was no ordinary UFO," said 
Air Marshal Azim Daudpota. "Scores of people saw it. It was no illusion, 
no deception, no imagination." The object was described by trained 
observers at Bulawayo Airport as rounded, with a short cone above it.

It shone very brightly in the afternoon sky and was difficult to see dis- 
tinctly. The Hawks arrived above Bulawayo to find the UFO hovering 
at about 7,000 feet, but it suddenly accelerated to a height of 70,000 feet 
in less than a minute. The Hawks leveled off at 31,000 feet then returned 
to Thornhill, where the object was seen for a few moments before dis- 
appearing horizontally at high speed.27

Air Commodore David Thorne, Director General of Operations, told 
me that the UFO appeared to follow the Hawks back to base. Unfortu- 
nately no gun-camera footage was taken as the jets were not carrying 
film at the time, he explained. "This is the first sighting in Zimbabwe 
where airborne pilots have tried to intercept a UFO," he said. Although 
the air commodore was unable to comment on behalf of the Zimbabwe 
government, he nevertheless stated: "As far as my Air Staff is concerned, 
we believe implicitly that the unexplained UFOs are from some civilization 
beyond our planet."


REASONS FOR SECRECY 

Although I have enumerated various reasons for the cover-up of UFO 
information throughout this book, it might be appropriate in this final 
chapter to review the opinions of various experts as well as to offer my 
own personal assessment of the situation.

Protection of Intelligence 

While the NSA claims that the deletions in its above top secret affidavit 
relate solely to the protection of its intelligence-gathering capabilities, I 
feel certain that is only half the truth. Since 1946 it must have been 
evident to defense intelligence chiefs studying the *' ghost aircraft" wave 
in Scandinavia and elsewhere that intelligently controlled objects of un- 
known origin and purpose were operating in our atmosphere. Even as 
early as 1942, when mysterious objects appeared over Los Angeles, 
General George Marshall, as Army Chief of Staff, was unable to account 
for the sighting in conventional terms.

By July 1947, when sightings proliferated throughout the United States, 
and a disk crashed at Roswell, New Mexico, it must have become obvious 
that the "flying saucers" were of extraterrestrial origin. Apart from the 
fact that an admission to this effect would generate public alarm, the 
military needed to learn as much as possible about the construction and 
propulsion of the craft, in the event that another nation (particularly the 
Soviet Union) might acquire this knowledge first; hence another reason 
for absolute secrecy attached to the investigations. Wilbert Smith learned 
in 1950 from Dr. Robert Sarbacher that the stories of recovered disks 
were factual, that the subject was classified two points higher than the 
H-bomb at the time, and that a small group-probably Majestic 12- 
was headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush in order to learn as much as possible 
about the "modus operandi'* of the saucers-and only those with a need 
to know were to be kept informed of the findings. An intelligence matter 
classified two points higher than the H-bomb is unlikely to be revealed 
except to those with very high security clearances: even at that level, the 
degree of dissemination would be strictly compartmented.

Nuclear physicist Stanton Friedman, who has been involved in many 
highly classified projects in the nuclear industry, is equally certain that 
a main reason for secrecy about UFOs is defense considerations:

From a government and military viewpoint, the most significant aspect of 
visits to planet earth by technologically sophisticated vehicles is the po- 
tential for military utilization by earth-based groups of that technology.

Surely the first government to be able to duplicate that hyper-maneuverable 
high speed flights of flying saucers will use that capability for the delivery 
of nuclear and other weapons ... for defense and attack purposes. In the 
real world of the late 20th century these potential information gains from 
the careful scientific investigation of flying saucers-in the air or 
captured-greatly overshadow any philosophical, religious or humanitar- 
ian concerns of the general public. One need only note that collectively 
the countries of planet earth spend about 400 billion dollars [1979] on 
military items each year. Is it really any wonder that governments do not 
want to reveal whatever sophisticated scientific data they have about flying 
saucers? 29

Former Air Force fighter pilot Lieutenant Colonel Donald Ware shares 
this opinion. He believes that by 1947 (following the Roswell incident) 
the top military authorities had concluded that some UFOs were extra- 
terrestrial. They would then have realized, he says, "that if our adver- 
saries acquired the technology represented by these vehicles before we 
did, our security would be severely threatened. Information on such 
technology must receive the most extreme protection."30

Although there have been at least forty accounts of UFOs alleged to 
have been recovered throughout the US and elsewhere, the evidence 
suggests that it took a long time-possibly several decades-before we 
could even begin to comprehend the alien technology. As Stanton Fried- 
man puts it:

You might have handed Thomas Edison one of today's pocket calculators 
forty years ago, and there's no way in the world he could have figured 
out how it worked. So if they have significantly advanced technology, it's 
going to take a lot of effort for us. Even if we figure out how it works, 
that doesn't mean we can duplicate it. It's like knowing about A-bombs; 
without the fissionable material, you can't build them, no matter how much 
you know about them. So it's a multiprong problem, and one that I don't 
expect the people working in secret would talk about in public. Because 
he who is able to duplicate flying saucers in quantity is going to rule this 
planet? 31


Military and Political Embarrassment 

No government is happy to admit that alien vehicles invading our airspace 
can come and go as they please, and that our defense against them is 
inadequate. That some UFOs have been responsible for the disappearance 
and even destruction of our aircraft is not something that could be admitted 
openly. I have documented several such alarming incidents, as well as 
quoting General Benjamin Chidlaw's privately expressed statement in 
1953 that "we have lost many men and planes trying to intercept them."

As a head of US Continental Air Defense at the time, he presumably 
knew what he was talking about.

Nobody likes to look silly. Fear of ridicule is a very compelling reason 
for politicians to debunk the subject, especially if they do not have access 
to all the facts. British Air Minister George Ward expressed this point 
perfectly in 1954. While publicly debunking UFO reports as "balloons" 
in the House of Commons, he admitted privately: "Until I've got a saucer 
on the ground in Hyde Park and can charge the public sixpence a go to 
enter, it must be balloons, otherwise the government would fall and I'd 
lose my job!"

Ward explained that if he admitted the existence of UFOs without 
evidence that the general public could actually touch, they would consider 
that the government had gone barmy. This is an honest admission by an 
air minister who was fully convinced of the reality of UFOs (see Chapter 
2), and it proves to me that Her Majesty's Government at the time had 
not been fully apprised of the true situation by those in American intel- 
ligence circles who were fully aware that actual alien craft had already 
been recovered. The Americans were evidently less than enthusiastic 
about allowing the British to exhibit a flying saucer in Hyde Park.

Very few politicians-in Britain, the States, and worldwide-have 
the faintest idea about the subject, which is why their repeated pro- 
nouncements debunking all the reports are so convincing. And those few 
who have troubled to study the matter may be so bewildered and even 
alarmed by the awesome complexity of the phenomenon that they would 
rather say nothing at all.

Politicians furthermore are unlikely to speak out on such a controversial 
topic without a mandate from the electorate. I have calculated that only 
about one hundred people in Britain have written to their Members of 
Parliament about UFOs. So why should MPs make fools of themselves 
on such a controversial subject when they can so easily make fools of 
themselves on far less controversial matters.

British pioneer Waveney Girvan wrote in 1955:

The "Government" and the "Air Force" are only generic terms for a 
collection of officials. Although I happen to know that photographs of the 
objects are to be found on Air Force and Admiralty files, I doubt whether 
believers in the interplanetary theory are likely to form more than fifty 
percent among those high-ranking officers who have access to more in- 
formation than has been vouchsafed to the public at large . . . there is 
likely to be disagreement on the subject in official ranks as there is among the less privileged.32

While a great deal more information has come to light since this was 
written, many of those in high office are still denied access to the above 
top secret data, owing to compartmentation of intelligence. There are 
precedents for this. A high-ranking defense official told me that he was 
once privy to above top secret information (not UFO-related) that only 
about fifty people had access to. The "compartment" list did not include 
either the Minister of Defense or the Prime Minister. If you want to keep 
a secret, the fewer people who know about it, the better.


Society in Upheaval.

In Chapter 151 discussed the case of Ray Stanford and the metal fragments 
he discovered at the site in Socorro, New Mexico, where Sergeant Lonnie 
Zamora encountered a landed UFO and occupants in 1964. Stanford and 
colleagues took the samples to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center 
where preliminary analysis determined that the metal shavings were of a 
highly unusual type: so unusual, in fact, that they were promptly confis- 
cated. Later, Stanford and Robert McGarey had the opportunity of dis- 
cussing reasons for the cover-up with a US Navy captain, who in rather 
melodramatic terms offered his opinions on the matter. 
"You had no right to that kind of dynamite," he said. "What do you 
want to do? Blow up the whole economy, the entire social structure, and 
every other institution worth keeping?" The captain continued: "Those 
in a position to know are under no delusion. They know the facts. People 
are not ready to know the facts, and they have no need to know them.

They could, half of the people maybe, go off the deep end."

Stanford asked if those in the know cracked up on learning the facts. 
"I doubt it," he was told. "But, those men are trained to accept and 
meet crisis. They are capable of rational judgment in the face of the 
unexpected. . . . Their decisions are based on experience in considering 
the welfare of large groups of people. That provides experience and 
discernment that the average man, even the UFO researcher, never has."

I very much doubt that the fabric of society would be destroyed if 
selected facts were released. Once the initial incredulity had subsided, 
there would certainly be widespread concern as to the visitors' motives, 
disturbances on the stock market, but also a great deal of excitement and 
perhaps a reassessment of our role in the universal scheme of things. If 
such an announcement was made, Stanton Friedman believes, "the stock 
market would go down, mental hospital admissions and church attendance 
would go up, and there would be an immediate push on the part of the 
younger generation-never alive when there wasn't a space program- 
for a whole new view of ourselves; instead of as Americans, Chinese, 
Canadians, Israelis; as earthlings. There isn't any government on this 
planet that wants its citizens to owe their primary allegiance to the planet, 
instead of an individual government. Nationalism is the only game in 
town."34

Public reaction to an admission by one of the superpowers that some 
UFOs are extraterrestrial would be predicated on how much we are told, 
and this must present our leaders with an awesome dilemma. Such an 
admission would lead to a deluge of questions, some of which simply 
cannot be answered without disclosing vital defense interests; alarming 
cases of missing aircraft; abductions; genetic experiments; and bizarre 
cases that will remain beyond our comprehension for centuries to come.

In this respect I am fully in sympathy with the current official policy. 
"From an intelligence point of view," says Dr. James Harder, "the UFO 
phenomenon must be truly awesome-the worst of science fiction come 
to life. . . . However, over the years, the intelligence agencies must have 
come to the realization that the strangers from space are nothing exactly 
new-that evidence from the past indicates that we are experiencing only 
an intensification of what may have been going on for centuries."35

The effects on the economic and political front are equally deserving 
of consideration. "Every nation is concerned about the effects on world- 
wide economies and political power structures if the world were to be in 
touch with aliens with a different technology," Stanton Friedman be- 
lieves. "Is the oil in the ground now worthless? . . . Would the big shots 
of today be deposed tomorrow? The best policy is to hope that the aliens 
go away or that the contacts and shakings up of earthly society happen 
during the next administration's reign."

Perhaps the most comprehensive summary of reasons for official se- 
crecy on UFOs is contained in the Majestic 12 briefing paper, allegedly 
prepared by Admiral Hillenkoetter for President-Elect Eisenhower in 1952: 
. . . Implications for the National Security are of continuing importance 
in that the motives and ultimate intentions of these visitors remain com- 
pletely unknown. ... It is for these reasons, as well as the obvious in- 
ternational and technological considerations and the ultimate need to avoid 
a public panic at all costs, that the Majestic-12 Group remains of the 
unanimous opinion that imposition of the strictest security precautions 
should continue without interruption into the new administration . . .


The Attitude of C. G. Jung 

The great Swiss psychologist Dr. Carl Gustav Jung made a thorough 
study of UFOs since first becoming interested in 1946, and in addition 
to being a consultant to the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization 
(APRO) wrote a book entitled Flying Saucers: A Modern Myth of Things 
Seen in the Skies37, which has led skeptics to jump to the conclusion that 
he regarded the phenomenon as entirely psychological in origin. Nothing 
could be further from the truth.

While it is true that Jung devoted much space in his book to the 
individual and collective psychological reasons why people need to be- 
lieve in flying saucers, he was in no doubt regarding their objective reality, 
a point overlooked in his book and in an article published in 1954:

A purely psychological explanation is ruled out by the fact that a large 
number of observations indicate a natural one, even a physical one. . . .

The American Air Force (despite its contradictory statements), as well as 
the Canadian, consider the observations to be real. . . . However, the 
"disks" . . . do not behave in accordance with physical laws but as though 
without weight, and they show signs of intelligent guidance, by quasi- 
human pilots. [Original emphasis] 
His position on the cover-up was unequivocal. "What astonishes me 
most," he wrote, "is that the American Air Force, despite all the infor- 
mation in its possession and its so-called fear of creating panic, seems 
to work systematically to do that very thing . . . since it has never yet 
published an authentic and certain account of the facts, only occasionally 
allowing information to be dragged out of it by journalists."38 
"If it is true that the AAF or the government withholds tale-telling 
facts," he wrote to Major Donald Keyhoe, "then one can only say that 
this is the most unpsychological and stupid policy one could invent. It 
is self-evident that the public ought to be told the truth, because ultimately 
it will nevertheless come to daylight. There can hardly be any greater 
shock than the H-bomb and yet everybody knows of it without fainting. "39

Jung's opinions regarding the effects on society if the extraterrestrial 
origin of UFOs is officially confirmed are worth quoting in detail:

If . . . the extraterrestrial origin of the phenomena should be con- 
firmed ... it would put us, without doubt, in the extremely precarious 
position of primitive communities today in conflict with the superior culture 
of the whites: the rudder would be removed from our grasp, and we should 
lose our pleasant dreams.

Naturally, it would be chiefly our science and our technology which 
would have to be consigned to the scrap-heap. What such a catastrophe 
would mean on the moral plane we can in some sort judge by the ruin of 
primitive cultures of which we are the witnesses. That the construction of 
these machines proves a scientific technology, and one immensely superior 
to ours, admits of no two opinions. Just as the Pax Britannica put an end 
to the disputes between the tribes of Africa, so our world could unroll its 
Iron Curtain and use it as scrap iron, with all the millions of tons of guns, 
warships and munitions. But we would have been "discovered" and 
colonised-sufficient reason for universal panic.

If we wish to avoid such a catastrophe, the authorities in possession of 
important information should not hesitate to enlighten the public as soon 
and as completely as possible and should, above all, stop these ridiculous 
antics of mysteries and vague allusions.40 [Original emphasis] 
WHY NO OPEN CONTACT.

Why, journalists ask me, don't flying saucers land in Hyde Park or on 
the White House lawn, hold a televised press conference, and establish 
proper diplomatic relations with us instead of carrying on in such an 
elusive manner? Aside from the fact that long-term observation of our 
belligerent, disunited and relatively primitive planet-to say nothing of 
the hostile reception accorded them at times-would have convinced the 
visitors that landing openly might not be in their best interests, there are 
some legal ramifications to be considered. For a start, the UFO that first 
lands openly is in for a heap of trouble from government agencies that 
regulate air travel, such as flying through controlled airspace without 
clearance and landing an unlicensed aircraft. Immigration and customs 
regulations would be similarly daunting, even though in London we do 
have an Aliens Registration Office. As to establishing diplomatic rela- 
tions, a man who tried to set up a Martian Embassy in Regents Park 
some years ago was ordered by a High Court judge to stay away from 
the property.

Asked in Detroit what reaction the visitors from space would receive 
if they landed openly, the majority of those polled said that a friendly 
reception could be expected. "I'd welcome them," said one. "They 
couldn't be any stranger than what's walking around Detroit." Others 
were less optimistic. "If they landed in Detroit they'd probably get mugged," 
said one, while another was positively discouraging. "I'd teach them to 
stay on their own planet. We've got enough people on welfare without 
supporting a bunch of Martians."41

It is my conviction that we are being visited by several different groups 
of extraterrestrials, and that while some may not be well disposed toward 
us, the majority are essentially benevolent. All share a common "foreign" 
policy of avoiding open contact with earth, which to me seems entirely 
logical. From my own investigations throughout the world, however, I 
am convinced that selective contacts have been made with hundreds of 
individuals. The visitors have no need to establish open contact, nor do 
they want the majority of us to know what they are doing here.

When police patrolman Herbert Schirmer encountered a landed UFO 
in Ashland, Nebraska, on 3 December 1967, he was told by the occupants 
that: 
. . . They have been observing us for a long period of time and they think 
that if they slowly put out reports and have their contacts state the truth 
it will help them . . . They have no pattern for contacting people. It is by 
pure chance so the government cannot determine any patterns about them.

There will be a lot more contacts ... to a certain extent they want to 
puzzle people. They know they are being seen too frequently and they are 
trying to confuse the public's mind. 42 


WHERE DO THEY COME FROM AND WHY ARE THEY HERE.

There are many hypotheses for the origin of UFOs other than the extra- 
terrestrial one: secret aircraft and spacecraft; natural phenomena; a secret 
civilization based on earth; time travelers from our own future (which is 
good news since it presupposes that we have a future); denizens of other 
dimensions; or psychological "projections." Regarding the latter, a miasma 
of psychological and sociological hypotheses has been proposed to ac- 
count for UFO sightings. None of these theories comes anywhere near 
explaining all the facts. The extraterrestrial hypothesis may not fulfill 
this requirement, but it is the only one that explains most of the facts.

There are about 100,000 million stars in our galaxy alone. To put that 
figure into perspective, it would take almost 3,000 years to count those 
stars at the rate of one per second. Many of the stars are likely to have 
planets around them, on some of which life may have evolved to the 
extent that space travel and colonization are commonplace.

Since I do not know where the visitors come from I can only speculate 
as to their origin, although I have been informed by reliable sources that 
some of them have bases within our solar system-even here on earth.

Neither do I know why they are here, although I can think of numerous 
reasons for their visits. From a tourist's point of view, for example, earth 
offers some spectacular attractions. A vested interest in earth and its 
resources-unique in the solar system-is another, more probable reason. 
"We are not here for entirely philanthropic purposes," my most reliable 
source of information was told.

I believe that man's progress on planet earth has been monitored by 
beings whose technological and mental resources make ours look prim- 
itive and theirs "supernatural" by comparison. The fact that many of the 
visitors are similar to us physiologically indicates that we share a genetic 
link. Could it be that some of them have had a hand in our evolution.

Now that our technology has reached the stage where we are endan- 
gering the planet and expanding our interests in space, surveillance has 
intensified. Is it mere coincidence that the modern wave of sightings 
began during World War II as we began developing nuclear weapons and 
rockets? Is it also coincidental that UFOs have exhibited so much interest 
in our nuclear missile sites and have demonstrated their ability to paralyze launching systems?


ARE WE ENTITLED TO THE TRUTH?

It is as well at this stage to remind ourselves of the official position on 
the subject as set out by the US government. From 1947 to 1969 a total 
of 12,618 sightings was reported to Project Blue Book, the USAF Fact 
Sheet sent to me in late 1986 states. Of these, 701 remained unidentified.

The conclusions of Project Blue Book were as follows: 
(1) No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has 
ever given any indication of threat to our national security; (2) there has 
been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings 
categorized as "unidentified" represent technological developments or 
principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge; and (3) 
there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "un- 
identified" are extraterrestrial vehicles. . . . Since Project Blue Book was 
closed [1969], nothing has happened to indicate that the Air Force ought 
to resume investigating UFOs. 3

All of these statements are demonstrably false. For one thing, reports 
of UFOs affecting national security were not routed to Project Blue Book 
and are therefore not included in the 75,000 plus pages of Blue Book 
records now stored at the National Archives Building in Washington, 
DC. As Brigadier General Bolender confirms in a 1969 Air Force memo: 
"... reports of unidentified flying objects which could affect the national 
security are made in accordance with JANAP 146 or Air Force Manual 
55-11, and are not part of the Blue Book system." 44 [Emphasis added] 
Although a few UFO reports affecting, but apparently not compro- 
mising, national security can be found among the 1,800 pages of USAF 
Intelligence documents released in 1985/86, many top secret reports re- 
main exempt from disclosure, according to the records.45 The CIA, DIA, 
NSA, and other agencies are withholding top secret (and above) infor- 
mation pertaining to UFOs that would compromise national security if 
released, and it is evident that what has been released represents only 
the tip of the iceberg.

The policy statement that "nothing has happened to indicate that the 
Air Force ought to resume investigating UFOs" is disproven by the 
released documents indicating continued investigations by the Air Force 
Office of Special Investigations. That no sightings "represent technolog- 
ical developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific 
knowledge" is sheer nonsense, given the wealth of documentary evidence 
from unimpeachable sources testifying to the contrary. Even if the tes- 
timonial evidence is arbitrary, what about the many photographs and 
films showing UFOs as structured objects that have either been confiscated 
or withheld, to say nothing of the retrieved craft and occupants.

We have learned to live-however uneasily-with the threat of nuclear 
annihilation hanging over us like the sword of Damocles. Surely nothing 
that governments are concealing about UFOs can compare with this pros- 
pect? The intelligence community should be reminded that they are ac- 
countable to the Congress: that even if certain matters affecting national 
security simply cannot be revealed, we are entitled to know some of the 
truth at least. "The public has a right to know," declared former CIA 
Director Admiral Hillenkoetter in 1960. "It is time for the truth to be 
brought out in open Congressional hearings . . . through official secrecy 
and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects 
are nonsense."

Nearly thirty years later we are still being misled. Until we wake up 
to the fact that information of quite unprecedented significance is being 
withheld from us we shall continue to remain in ignorance for decades 
to come. Unless, that is, the visitors decide to declare themselves more 
openly. . . . 


=========================================================================
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 

The author would like to thank the following for their assistance in the 
preparation of this book:

Walter Andrus and the Mutual UFO Network; Leslie Banks DFC, AFC; John 
Berry; Mark Birdsall and the Yorkshire UFO Society; Ray Boeche; Bob Boyd 
and the Plymouth UFO Research Group; Arthur Bray; the Center for UFO 
Studies; the Central Intelligence Agency; William Chalker and the Australian 
Center for UFO Studies; Miles Copeland; Dr. Robert Creegan; the Defense 
Intelligence Agency; Hilary Evans; Lucius Farish and the UFO Newsclipping 
Service; the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Raymond Fowler, Brian Free- 
mantle; Stanton Friedman; Peter Gersten; Dr. L. M. Gindilis; Barry Green- 
wood and Citizens Against UFO Secrecy; Dr. Pierre Guerin; Bill Gunston; 
Colonel Charles Halt; Harry Harris; the Trustees of the Imperial War Museum; 
Zhang Laigui and the Chinese Embassy, London; Coral Lorenzen and the 
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization; Andrew Lownie; Donald Mc- 
Cormick; Derek Mansell and Contact International; the Ministry of Defense; 
William Moore; the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; the Na- 
tional Security Agency; HRH Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh; Colin Phil- 
lips; Popperfoto; the Public Record Office; Ian Ridpath; the Royal Australian 
Air Force; Chris Rutkowski; James Salandin; Dr. Berthold Schwarz; Stan 
Seers; Anne Smith; Ray Stanford; Michael J. Taylor; Air Commodore David 
Thorne; Mollie Travis and the Trustees of the Broadlands Archives; Admiral 
Stansfield Turner; the U.S. Air Force, Army, and Navy intelligence 
branches; Guido Valentich; Todd Zechel.

Special thanks are due to Lord Hill-Norton for his courageous Fore- 
word; Ralph Noyes, for a great deal of help and advice; Paul Dong, 
William Steinman, and Wendelle Stevens, for the extensive use of ma- 
terial from UFOs over Modern China and VFO Crash at Aztec, Leonard 
Stringfield for the use of material from his pioneering publications on 
UFO retrievals; and Gordon Creighton, editor of Flying Saucer Review, 
for allowing the author to take advantage of the wealth of information 
contained in this fine journal.* 
* FSR Publications Ltd., P.O. Box 12, Snodland, Kent, ME6 5J2, England 

=========================================================================
NOTES 

Introduction 
1. Letter to the author from Chapman Pincher, 4 October 1981. 
2. Hansard (House of Lords), Vol.397, No. 23, 18 January 1979, p. 1310.

Prologue 
1. Keel, John A.: "Mystery Aeroplanes of the 1930s/' Part I, FSR, Vol. 16, 
No.3, 1970, pp. 10-13. 
2. New York Times, 3 February 1934. 
3. Keel, John A.: "Mystery Aeroplanes of the 1930s," Part II, FSR, Vol.16, 
No.4, 1970, pp.9-14. 
4. Collins, Paul T.: "The UFOs of 1942," Exploring the Unknown, No. 48, 
September 1968. 
5. Ibid. 
6. Clark, Jerome, and Farish, Lucius: "The Mysterious Foo Fighters of WWII,"

UFO Report, Vol.2, No.3, New York, 1975, pp.44-7, 64-6. 
7. Edwards, Frank: Flying Saucers-Here and Now!, Lyle Stuart, New York, 
1967, p.77. 
8. Durrant, Henry: Le Livre Noir des Soucoupes Volantes, Laffont, Paris, 
pp. 81-6. (However, Durrant now admits that he invented the story of "Son- 
der Biiro" and "Operation Uranus.") 
9. Lore, Gordon, and Deneault, Harold: Mysteries of the Skies, Robert Hale, 
London, 1969, p. 127. 
10. Gross, Loren E.: "Ghost Rockets of 1946," The Encyclopedia of UFOs 
(edited by Ronald D. Story), New English Library, London, 1980, 
pp. 147-49. 
11. Flammonde, Paris: UFO Exist!, G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York, 1976, 
pp. 127-34. 
12. New York Times, 23 August 1946. 
13. Jones, Professor R. V.: "The Natural Philosophy of Flying Saucers," Phys- 
ics Bulletin, Vol.19, July 1968, pp.225-30. 
14. New York Times, 11 October 1946. 
15. Daily Telegraph, London, 6 September 1946. 
16. Fowler Raymond E.: UFOs.: Interplanetary Visitors, Exposition Press, New 
York, 1974, pp. 105-6. 
17. Sydney Sun, 25 February 1967. The "foreign officials" cited by Santorini 
are here identified as being from the Pentagon. 

PART ONE: GREAT BRITAIN 

Chapter 1. 1943-54 

1. Letter from Air Marshal Sir Victor Goddard, FSR, Vol.24, No.l, 1978, 
pp.30-1 
2. Edwards, Frank: Flying Saucers-Here and Now!, Lyle Stuart, New York, 
1967, p.77. 
3. Ibid., pp.77-8. 
4. Letter to the author from Simon Weeden, Defense Secretariat 8, Ministry 
of Defense, 28 November 1980. 
5. Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the U.S., Air Intelligence Report 
No. 100-203-79, Directorate of Intelligence and Office of Naval Intelli- 
gence, 10 December 1948. 
6. Twining, Lieutenant General N. F.: A.M.C. Opinion Concerning "Flying 
Discs," HQ Air Materiel Command, to Commanding General, Army Air 
Forces, 23 September 1947. 
7. Memorandum from H. Marshall Chad well, Assistant Director of Scientific 
Intelligence, to the Director of Central Intelligence, CIA, September 1952. 
8. Sunday Dispatch, London, 21 September 1952. 
9. Ruppelt, Captain Edward J.: The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, 
Doubleday, New York, 1956, p. 196. 
10. Ibid., p. 130. 
11. Sunday Dispatch, London, 28 September 1952. 
12. Ibid., 7 December 1952. 
13. Pitt, John: "Tell us please, Mr. Birch!," FSR, Vol.2, No.5, 1956, 
pp. 10-13. 
14. Letter to the author from P. M. Hucker, Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a, Ministry 
of Defense, 10 July 1985. 
15. Letter to Ralph Noyes from Group Captain Harold B. Collins, 26 January 
1985. 
16. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Aliens from Space, Panther Books, London, 
1975, p.27. " 
17. Girvan, Waveney: Flying Saucers and Common Sense, Frederick Muller, 
London, 1955, pp. 106-14. 
18. The Times, London, 25 November 1954. 
19. Dempster, Derek: *'Week-End Pilot in Near Collision with Flying Saucer,"
FSR, Vol.1, No.l, 1955, p.2; reprinted in FSR, Vol.30, No.2, 1984, 
pp. 13-15. 
20. Interview with the author, 10 October 1985. 
21. FSR, Vol.30, No.2, 1984, pp. 13-15. 
22. Sunday Dispatch, London (headline story), 7 November 1954. 
23. Leslie, Desmond: "Politicians and the UFO," FSR, Vol.9, No.3, 1963, 
pp.8-10. 
24. Sunday Dispatch, London, 28 March 1954.
25. Letter to the author from Major the Hon. Andrew Wigram, Buckingham 
Palace, 10 December 1985. 
26. Zinsstag, Lou and Good, Timothy: George Adamski-The Untold Story, 
Ceti Publications, Beckenham, England, 1983. 
27. Ziegler, Philip: Mountbatten, Collins, London, 1985, p.493. 
28. Leslie, Desmond: "Did Flying Saucers Land at Broadlands?," FSR, Vol.26, 
No.5, 1980, pp.2-4. 
29. Leslie also relates that Briggs told him of a second encounter the following 
day, when the occupants of the UFO invited him for a trip to Egypt! Briggs 
was anxious that Mountbatten should not be told about this, but Leslie 
passed the story on to General Sir Frederick Browning, the Queen's Private 
Secretary at the time, who in turn passed Leslie's written account to Mount- 
batten. The latter said that he did not believe a word of it, but his signed 
statement testifying to Briggs' honesty with regard to the first encounter 
still stands. 
30. Ziegler, Philip: op.cit., p.494.

Chapter 2

Room 801-Top Secret (1955-59) 
1. Dempster, Derek: Editorial, FSR, Vol.1, No.2, 1955. 
2. Los Angeles Examiner, 23 May 1955. 
3. FSR, Vol.1, No.3, 1955, p.6 
4. Rehn, Gosta K.: UFOs Here and Now!, Abelard-Schuman, London, 1974, 
pp. 38-40. 
5. Letter from F.H.C. Wimbledon, FSR, Vol.24, No.l, 1978, p.31. 
6. Sunday Times, 9 April 1978. 
7. Thayer, Gordon D.: *' Optical and Radar Anal yses of Field Cases,'' Scientific 
Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, Bantam Books, New York, 1969, 
p. 164. See also pp.248-56, and McDonald, Dr. James E.: "UFOs over 
Lakenheath in 1956," FSR, Vol.16, No.2, 1970, pp.9-17, 29. The best 
synopsis of the case is by Thayer in The Encyclopedia of UFOs, New English 
Library, London, 1980, pp.200-202. 
8. Bowen, Charles: "The Hazards of Television," FSR. Vol.18, No.2, 1972, 
pp. 18-19. 
9. Interview with the author, 21 August 1985. 
10. Thornton, Dr. Clifford: "The Wardle Mystery," FSR, Vol.3, No.3, 
1957, p.4. 
11. Norris, Geoffrey: "Something in the Sky,'' Royal Air Force Flying Review, 
Vol.12, No.12, 1957. pp. 14-16, 46. " 
12. Sunday Dispatch, London, 11 July 1954. 
13. Letter from Lord Dowding to Alberto Perego, February 26, 1957. 
14. Sunday Dispatch, London, 7 April 1957. 
15. "RAF Radar picks up UFO over Scotland," FSR, Vol.3, No.3, 1957, 
pp. 2-3. 
16. Reynolds News, 15 June 1957. 
17. "UFO Cuts out Radio of an Airliner over Kent," FSR, Vol.3, No.6, 1957, 
p.2. 
18. "UFO Over British A-Bomber Base," FSR, Vol.4, No.l, 1958, p.6. 
19. FSR, Vol.4, No.4, 1958, p.5. 
20. Letter to the author from Andrew Mathewson, Defense Secretariat 8, Min- 
istry of Defense, 20 September 1984. 
21. FSR, Vol.4, No.5, 1958, back page. 
22. FSR, Vol.5, No.l, 1959, p.2. 
23. FSR, Vol.5, No.2, 1959, p.2. 
24. FSR, Vol.5, No.3, 1959, p. 10. 
25. Sanskrit word for "flying chariot," according to Desmond Leslie, described 
in his book Flying Saucers Have Landed, co-authored with George Adamski; 
Werner Laurie, London, 1953. Revised version published by Neville Spear- 
man, London, 1970. 
26. The order forbidding aircrews to discuss their sightings publicly was issued 
by the Air Ministry on 25 January 1954, according to Harold T. Wilkins 
in Flying Saucers Uncensored, Arco Publishers, London, 1956, p. 118. 
27. Leslie, Desmond: "Politicians and the UFO," FSR, Vol.9, No.3, 1963, 
pp.8-10.

Chapter 3

A Matter of National Security (1960-79) 
1. Muirfield, Roger: "Silence in the Press: A Glimpse behind the Scenes,"
FSR, Vol.6, No.3, I960, pp. 16-19. 
2. Girvan, Waveney: Editorial, FSR, Vol.6, No.5, I960, pp. 1-2. 
3. "Security Procedures in the Public Service," First Radcliffe Committee 
Report, Her Majesty's Stationery Office, London, April 1962. 
4. Letter to the author from Chapman Pincher, 4 October 1981. 
5. "The Secret of Room 105," Time, 2 September 1985. 
6. Girvan, Waveney: "A Landing at Cosford?," FSR, Vol.10, No.2, 1964, 
p. 17; "The Cosford UFO: The Mystery Deepens," FSR, Vol.10, No.3, 
1964, pp.3l-2; "The Lessons of Cosford," FSR, Vol.10, No.4, 1964, 
pp. 1-2. 
7. Camber ley News, 15 March 1963. 
8. Han sard (House of Commons), 15 July 1964. 
9. Daily Telegraph, London, 20 July 1966. 
10. Letter to the author from the Rt. Hon. Lord Wilson of Rievaulx, 1 January 
1985. 
11. Letter to the author from the Rt. Hon. Edward Heath, MP, 12 February 
1982. 
12. From the official report, sent to Jonathan Caplan. 
13. National Enquirer, US, September 1967. 
14. UFO Contact, Vol.2, No.7, Denmark, 1967, p. 191. 
15. Chapman, Robert: Unidentified Flying Objects, Robert Barker, London, 
1969, pp.412-4.
16. Letter to the author from Peter Hucker, Secretariat (Air Staff) 2, Ministry 
of Defense, 22 August 1985. 
17. Letter to the author from Peter Hucker, 30 May 1986. 
18. Brooks, Angus: "Remarkable Sighting near Dorset Coast," FSR, Vol.14, 
No.l, 1968, pp.3-5. 
19. Chapman, Robert: op. cit., pp.25-35. 
20. Daily Express, London, 7 November 1967; Falla, Geoffrey: Vehicle Inter- 
ference Project, British UFO Research Association, 1979. 
21. Evans, Hilary: The Evidence for UFOs, Aquarian Press, 1983, pp.74-5. 
22. Hansard (House of Commons), 8 November 1967. 
23. Ibid., 22 November 1967 
24. Ibid., 22 January 1968. 
25. Ibid., 11 June 1968. 
26. "Flying Saucers-and the people who see them," BBC Television, 9 May 
1968. 
27. Stan way, Roger H. and Pace, Antony R.: Flying Saucer Report: UFOs 
Unidentified, Undeniable, privately published, 1972. 
28. Ibid., pp.62-5. 
29. Ibid., appendices 1 and 2. 
30. Letter to the author, 8 October 1986. 
31. Interview with David Ross, Secretariat AS2a, Ministry of Defense, 23 Oc- 
tober 1986. 
32. Interview with David Ross, 8 December 1986. 
33. Wood, Frank: "Alleged CE11I at Winchester," FSR, Vol.22, No.5, 1976, 
pp.13-14. 
34. Bowen, Charles: Editorial, FSR, Vol.23, No.l, 1977, pp. 1-2. 
35. Letter to the author from Simon Weeden, Defense Secretariat 8, Ministry 
of Defense, 18 November 1981. 
36. Daily Mirror, London, 18 August 1978. 
37. Middlesex Chronicle, 15 September 1978. 
38. Birdsall, Graham and Mark: "Landing and possible traces near Leeds,"
Northern Ufology, No.62, July 1979. 
39. BUFORA (Yorkshire Branch) report forms. 
40. Yorkshire Post, 24 February 1979. 
41. Interview with Mr. Tebbs, 27 July 1986. 
42. Hansard (House of Lords), 18 January 1979, available as The House of 
Lords UFO Debate, with preface by Lord Clancarty, Open Head Press/ 
Pentacle Books, London, 1979.

Chapter 4. December 1980 

1. Letter to the author from B. A. Buckingham, for Chief Officer, Civil Aviation 
Authority, Heathrow Airport, 30 December 1980. 
2. Letter to the author from Simon Weeden, Defense Secretariat 8, Ministry 
of Defense, 25 March 1981. 
3. Pilot, Vol.20, No.4, April 1986. It is claimed that Lockheed F-19 Stealth 
aircraft have made nearly 30 visits to Britain, operating in and out of RAF/ 
USAF Mildenhall. The F-19, according to a Pilot source, has almost silent 
engines as well as a low infra-red signature, which together with its low 
radar profile and "chameleon" skin coating (adapting to the surrounding 
terrain) make it very difficult to detect. Thirty F-19s have reportedly been 
based at RAF/USAF Lakenheath since autumn 1986. 
4. Letter to Robert Todd from Col. Peter W. Bent, Commander, Headquarters, 
513th Combat Support Group (USAFE), APO, New York 09127, 14 June 
1983. 
5. Butler, Brenda, Street, Dot and Randies, Jenny: Sky Crash, Neville Spear- 
man, Sudbury, Suffolk, 1984, p.34. Revised version, Grafton Books, Lon- 
don, 1986. 
6. Ibid., p. 102. 
7. Ibid., pp.104-5. 
8. Omni, Vol.5 No.6, 1983. 
9. Sky Crash, op. cit., p. 167. 
10. Ibid., pp.7-10, 90-1. 
11. Ibid., p.27. 
12. Ibid., pp. 191-3. 
13. Ibid., pp.94-8. For details of Warren's regression under hypnosis see 
pp.232-44. 
14. Randies, Jenny: "Military Contact alleged at Air Base," FSR, Vol.26, 
No.6, 1980 (published 1981), p.iii. 
15. Randies, Jenny: "The Rendlesham Forest Mystery," FSR, Vol.27, No.6, 
1981 (published 1982) pp.4-8. 
16. News of the World, 2 October 1983. 
17. Daily Telegraph, London, 17 October 1983. 
18. Hansard (House of Commons), 24 October 1983. 
19. Letter to Ralph Noyes from Brian M. Webster, Defense Secretariat 8, Ministry of Defense, 20 March 1984. 
20. Letter to Ralph Noyes from Peter M. Hucker, Defense Secretariat 8, Ministry 
of Defense, 15 May 1985. 
21. A copy of the Halt tape is available from the Yorkshire UFO Society (YUFOS), 12 Miles Hill Street, Leeds LS7 2EQ. 
22. East Anglian Daily Times, 25 October 1984. 
23. The Office of Special Investigations, with headquarters at Boiling Air Force 
Base, DC, is a separate counterintelligence service of the US Air Force, 
which investigates security threats to the Air Force, such as UFO sightings 
over bases that interfere with radar or communications. 
24. Noyes, Ralph: A Secret Property, Quartet Books, London, 1985, pp. 182-3. 
25. Letter to Admiral of the Fleet Lord Hill-Norton from Lord Trefgame, Par- 
liamentary Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces, Ministry of 
Defense, 19 June 1985. 
26. Letter from Admiral of the Fleet Lord Hill-Norton to Lord Trefgame, 24
June 1985. 
27. Interview with Colonel Charles A. Halt, 6 October 1986.

Chapter 5. Per Ardua Ad Astra (1981 onward) 

1. Daily Telegraph, London, 6 August 1981. 
2. Fuller, John G.: Aliens in the Skies, G.P. Putnam's Sons, New York, 1969, 
p.87. 
.^, Plymouth Evening Herald, 28 October 1981. 
4. Boyd, Bob: UFOs over Plymouth, PUFORG, P.O. Box 75, Plymouth 
PL1 1SQ. 
5. Hansard (House of Lords), 4 March 1982. 
6. "Out of Court," BBC Television, 10 March 1982. 
7. Hansard (House of Lords), 7 April 1982. 
8. First published in Viewpoint Aquarius by Rex Dutta in July 1978, the doc- 
ument is reproduced in The House of Lords UFO Debate; full transcript 
with preface by Lord Clancarty and notes by John Michell, Open Head 
Press, London, 1979, p.36. 
9. Reading Evening Post, 16 March 1983. 
10. Letter to the author from Mrs. P. J. Titchmarsh, Defense Secretariat 8, 
Ministry of Defense, 25 April 1983. 
11. Letter to the author from Captain Paula Hoffman, Chief of Public Affairs, 
USAF (Europe), Headquarters 20th Tactical Fighter Wing, RAF Upper 
Hey ford, 12 July 1983. 
12. George Adamski was the first witness to describe a central column on board 
a UFO. See his Inside the Space Ships, Neville Spearman, London, 1956. 
13. Alder shot News, 14 October 1983. 
14. National Enquirer, 17 July 1984. 
15. Letter to the author from Peter M. Hucker, Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a, Min- 
istry of Defense, 30 May 1986. 
16. Letter to the author from Miss G. J. Jamieson, Defense Secretariat 8, Min- 
istry of Defense, 21 October 1980. 
17. Bailey, Martin: "It's official: there are UFOs," Observer, 4 March 1984. 
18. Hansard (House of Commons), 9 March 1984. 
19. Hansard (House of Commons), 14 March 1984. 
20. Lancashire Evening Telegraph, 1 May 1984. 
21. Focus, Stanmore, 5 May 1984. 
22. Interview with Ruth Novelli, 8 May 1984. 
23. Stanmore & Harrow Observer, 11 May 1984. 
24. Interview, 10 May 1984. 
25. Evening Standard, London, 3 May 1984. 
26. Interview with Tim Mahoney, 10 May 1984. 
27. Letter to the author from Peter M. Hucker, Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a, Min- 
istry of Defense, 30 May 1986. 
28. Grant, Patricia B.: "A Very Personal Encounter 'Somewhere in Sussex,' "
FSR, Vol.25, No.2, 1979, pp. 18-25; plus Mrs. Grant's voluminous file on 
the case. 
29. Interview with Sergeant Tony Dodd, 13 July 1986. 
30. Randies, Jenny: The Pennine UFO Mystery, Granada, London 1983, 
pp.122-35, 147-68. 
31. "Central Weekend," Central Television, Birmingham, 5 September 1986. 
32. Bunyan, Tony: The Political Police in Britain, Quartet Books, London, 
1977, pp.187, 191. 
33. Daily Telegraph, London, 19 January 1983; The Times, London, 16 April 
1984. 
34. Bloch, Jonathan and Fitzgerald, Patrick: British Intelligence and Covert 
Action, Brandon, Dingle, Co. Kerry, Ireland, 1983, pp.22-3. 
35. Letter from James Rusbridger, Daily Telegraph, London, 13 December 1986. 
36. Interview with George Dyer, 18 March 1985. 
37. Interview with Peter Hucker, Ministry of Defense, 18 March 1985. 
38. The Air Force List 1985, Her Majesty's Stationery Office, London, 1985, 
p.72; The Civil Service Year Book 1985, Her Majesty's Stationery Office, 
London 1985, column 106. 
39. DI55 was first mentioned by the MoD to Yorkshire UFO Society investigator 
Mick Hanson in 1986, and was subsequently confirmed to the author by 
David Ross of MoD AS2, 23 October and 8 December 1986. 
40. Letter to the author from Ralph Noyes, 28 April 1985. 
41. "Unidentified Flying Objects," Chapter 4, Section 3, Amendment 31, Man- 
ual of Air Traffic Services (Part I), 5 July 1984. 
42. Letter to the author from Dr. Robert F. Creegan, State University of New 
York at Albany, 15 August 1985. 
43. Creegan, Robert F.: "Signs of Panic," APRO Bulletin, Vol.32, No.3, 
1984, p.7.


PART TWO: AROUND THE WORLD 

Chapter 6.France, Italy, Portugal and Spain 

1. Sunday Dispatch, London, 3 October 1954. 
2. "French Minister Speaks on UFOs," France-Inter, 21 February 1974, trans- 
lated by Gordon Creighton, FSR, Vol.20, No.2, 1974, pp.3-4. 
3. Michel, Aime: Flying Saucers and the Straight-Line Mystery, Criterion 
Books, New York, 1958, pp.44-6. 
4. FSR, Vol.28, No.5, 1982, pp. 15-16. 
5. FSR, VoL2, No.2, 1956, p.3. 
6. Michel, Aime: op. cit., pp.5-7. 
7. See The Report on Unidentified Aerial Phenomena by the Institute of Ad- 
vanced Studies of National Defense (France), available from the Center for 
UFO Studies. 
8. Sud-Ouest, Bordeaux, 17 February 1965. 
9. Michel, Aime: "The Valensole Affair," FSR, Vol.11, No.6, 1965, pp.7-9; 
Michel and Bowen, Charles: The Encyclopedia of UFOs (edited by Ronald 
D. Story), New English Library, London, 1980, p.377; Bourret, Jean-Claude:
The Crack in the Universe, Neville Spearman, London, pp.98-106 (original 
title: La Nouvelle Vague des Soucoupes Volantes, France-Empire, Paris, 
1974). 
10. Gilles, Dr. Jean F.: "The Bankruptcy of the French UFO Research Body, 
GEPAN," FSR, Vol.28, No.5, 1982, p. 15. 
11. Creighton, Gordon: "The Gendarmerie and UFOs," FSR, Vol.17, No.5, 
1971, pp.27-8, quoting La Revue a"Etudes et d'Information de la Gen- 
darmerie Rationale, No.87, Premier Trimestre, 1971. 
12. Sachs, Margaret: The UFO Encyclopedia, Perigee Books, G.P. Putnam's 
Sons, New York, 1980, pp. 132-3. 
13. Gilles, Dr. Jean F.: op. cit., p. 17. 
14. Lagarde, Fernand: "A Warning to All," FSR, Vol.28, No.l, 1982, p.2. 
15. Guerin, Dr. Pierre: "Are the Reasons for the Cover-Up Solely Scientific?"
FSR, Vol.28, No.6, 1982, pp.2-8. 
16. "GEPAN Quietly Delivers the Goods!," FSR, Vol.29, No.l, 1983, pp.21-2. 
17. Paskov, David: "Flying saucer has the boffins baffled," Sunday Express, 
July 24, 1983. 
18. Creighton, Gordon: "Another French Report on GEPAN," FSR, Vol.30, 
No.3, 1984, p.27. 
19. Baker, Sherry: "UFO Update," OMNI, Vol.8, No.4, 1986, p.83. 
20. Letter to the author from Colonel Claude Rossello, Attache de l'Air, Am- 
bassade de France, London, 30 October 1986. 
21. Ibid., 18 November 1986. 
22. Chassin, General L.M.: "Success is in Sight," FSR, Vol.7, No.6, 1961, 
pp. 3-5. 
23. Perego, Dr. Alberto: "The Great Cross above the Vatican," FSR Case 
Histories, No. 15, June 1973, pp.3-6. 
24. Veneto Notte, 19 November 1973, quoted in FSR, Vol.20, No.5, 1973, 
p.iii. 
25. Chiumiento, Antonio: "UFO Alert at a NATO Base in Italy," FSR, Vol.30, 
No.2, 1984, pp.2-5. 
26. Creighton, Gordon: "A Problem for the Italian Minister of Defense?" FSR, 
Vol.24, No.l, 1978, pp.26-7. 
27. Pinotti, Roberto: "The Italian Ministry of Defense and UFOs," FSR, Vol.24, 
No.6, 1978, pp. 14-15, 18. 
28. Verga, Maurizio: "Two Entity Reports in Italy," FSR, Vol.24, No.6, 1978, 
pp.24-5, quoting La Sicilia, 6 July 1978. 
29. Ferreira, Captain Jose Lemos: "Air Force Pilots Spend 40 Minutes with 
Saucers," FSR, Vol.4, No.3, 1958, pp.2-3. 
30. Ribera, Antonio: "Spanish Jets Chase UFO," FSR, Vol.14, No.3, 1968, 
p.26. 
31. Letters to the author from Philip J. Klass, 26 July and 18 September 1985. 
32. Letter to the author from Dr. G. Kremser, Max-Planck-Institut fur Aeron- 
omie, Katlenburg-Lindau, Germany, 2 August 1977. 
33. Daily Telegraph, London, 9 September 1968. 
34. Creighton, Gordon: "UFO Lands on Spanish Air Force Target Range,"
FSR, Vol.24, No.5, 1978, pp.17-18. 
35. Guardian, London, 9 January 1975. 
36. ABC, Seville, 29 June 1976, quoted in FSR, Vol.22, No.3, 1976, p.2. 
37. Creighton, Gordon: "The Spanish Government Opens its Files," FSR, Vol.23, 
No.3, 1977, p.3. 
38. Benitez, Juan Jose: "Release of Further Official Spanish Documents on 
UFOs," FSR, Vol.25, No.2, 1979, pp.24-8. 
39. Sanchez, Jesus Maria: "Canary Islands Landing: Occupants Reported,"
FSR, Vol.23, No.3, 1977, pp.4-7. 
40. Benitez, Juan Jose: op. cit., p.28. 
41. Yorkshire Post, 24 September 1976. 
42. Benitez, Juan Jose: op. cit., pp.24-8; Sociedad, 21 November 1976. 
43. Smith, Dr. Willy: "Unknown Intruder over Portugal," International UFO 
Reporter, November-December 1985, pp.6-8, Center for UFO Studies 
(CUFOS), 2457 W. Peterson Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659. The Por- 
tuguese Embassy kindly sent me an official report on this and some other 
Air Force sightings, and commented: "... the position of our government 
is of cautious alert. Pilots of the Portuguese Air Force are instructed to 
register details of any non-identified objects which they might see while 
flying." (Letter to the author from the Cultural Counsellor, Portuguese 
Embassy, London, 14 January 1987). 
44. Benitez, Juan Jose: "Jetliner 'Intercepted' by UFO near Valencia," FSR, 
Vol.25, No.5, 1979, pp.13-15. 
45. Benitez, Juan Jose: "Anniversary Aerial Encounters," FSR, Vol.26, No.6, 
1980, pp.12-14; UP1, 15 November 1979. 
46. ABC, Seville, 29 June 1976.

Chapter 7. Australia 

1. Letter to the author from W. A. Smither, Defense Public Relations, De- 
partment of Defense (Air Force Office), Canberra, 30 August 1982. 
2. Standard Department of Defense pro-forma reply, RAAF Public Relations 
Office. 
3. Norman, Paul B.: "Countdown to Reality," FSR, Vol.31, No.2, 1986, 
pp. 13-22. 
4. Ibid., p. 14. 
5. FSR, Vol.4, No.3, 1958, p.6. 
6. Norman, Paul B.: op. cit., p. 14. 
7. Chalker, W.: "Australian A.F. UFO Report Files,,y APRO Bulletin, Vol.30, 
No. 10, 1982, pp.5-7. 
8. Holledge, James: Flying Saucers over Australia, Horwitz Publications, Syd- 
ney, 1965, p.31. 
9. Chalker, W.: op. cit., p.7. 
10. Holledge, James: op. cit., pp.22-4; Seers, Stan and Lasich, William: "North 
Queensland UFO Saga 1966," FSR, Vol.15, No.3, 1969, pp.2-5; Dutton, 
T.W.S.: "The Ion Engine and the UFOs," Australasian Engineer, Sydney, 
October 1970. 
11. Chalker, W.: "Australian A.F. UFO Report Files" (Part II), APROBulletin, 
Vol.30, No. 11, 1982, p.6. 
12. Zachary, Ted [Todd Zechel]: "The CIA Has Proof that UFOs Exist!," UFO 
Report, New York, August 1977. 
13. Seers, Stan, and Lasich, William: op. cit. 
14. FSR, Vol.29, No.l, 1983, pp.20-21. 
15. Chalker, W.: "The North West Cape Incident: UFOs and nuclear alert in 
Australia," International UFO Reporter, Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), 
January/February 1986, pp.9-12. 
16. Seers, Stan: UFOs-The Case for Scientific Myopia, Vantage Press, New 
York 1983, pp.7-11. 
17. Letter to the author from Colin A. Phillips, UFO Research Queensland, 1
September 1985. 
18. Chalker, W.: "The UFO Connection: Addendum," FSR, Vol.31, No.5, 
1986. p.20. 
19. Chalker, W.: "Australian A.F. UFO Report Files," APROBulletin, Vol.30, 
No.ll, 1982. pp.4-5. 
20. Holledge, James: op. cit., p.89. 
21. Hervey, Michael: UFOs over the Southern Hemisphere, Horwitz Publica- 
tions, Sydney, 1969, pp. 18-19. 
22. Chalker, W.: op. cit., p.5. 
23. Hopkins, Budd, Missing Time, Richard Marek, New York, 1981, p.253. 
24. Letter to M. L. Roberts, Queensland Flying Saucer Research Bureau, from 
John Meskell, Criminal Investigation Branch, Townsville, 28 July 1965. A 
photostat of the original is in the author's possession, kindly supplied by 
Colin Phillips. 
25. Letter to Peter E. Norris, Commonwealth Aerial Phenomena Investigation 
Organization (CAPIO), from Squadron Leader R. J. Wheeler, Directorate 
of Air Force Intelligence, 18 August 1965, supplied by Colin Phillips. 
26. Letter to Peter Norris from D. S. Graham, for Director-General of Civil 
Aviation, 3 November 1965. 
27. Seers, Stan: op. cit., p.92. 
28. Hynek, J. Allen: The UFO Experience: A Scientific Enquiry, Abelard- 
Schuman, London, 1972, p. 15. 
29. Seers, Stan: op. cit., pp.75-9. The airliner sighting reported by radio station 
4KZ was investigated by Keith Basterfield in A Report of UFOs from Aircraft 
Crew Members in Australia, published by the Australian Center for UFO 
Studies, February 1980. Basterfield reports that in 1978 efforts to trace the 
pilot were unsuccessful but that a check with staff at Cairns Airport revealed 
that the incident did apparently occur as several of the Ansett-ANA staff 
there did recall the event, although only vaguely. 
30. Deyo, Stan: The Cosmic Conspiracy, West Australian Texas Trading, 
1978, pp.28-9. 
31. Norman, Paul: "Motherships over Australia," FSR, Vol.24, No.5, 1978, 
pp.9-13. 
32. Norman, Paul: "Countdown to Reality," FSR, Vol.31, No.2, 1986, p. 17. 
33. Newsletter No.26, UFO Investigation Center of New South Wales, Decem- 
ber 1969. 
34. Bolotin, Professor H.H.: "UFOs-Do They Come From Outer Space?," 
1977; article supplied to the author by the Department of Defense (Air Force 
Office). 
35. Chalker, W.: "The UFO Connection: Startling Implications for Australia's 
North West Cape, and for Australia's Security," FSR, Vol.31, No.5, 1986, 
pp.13-21. 
36. Aircraft Accident Investigation Summary Report, Department of Transport, 
Ref. No. VI16/783/1047, 27 April 1982. 
37. Chalker, W.: "The Missing Cessna and the UFO," FSR, Vol.24, No.5, 
1978, pp.3-5. 
38. Norman, Paul: op. cit., p. 17. 
39. Melbourne Herald, 9 December 1980. 
40. Letter to the author from Guido Valentich, September 1985. 
41. Letter to the author from William C. Chalker, 13 September 1985. 
42. Chalker, W.: "Vanished?-The Valentich Affair Re-examined," FSR, Vol.30, 
No.2, 1984, pp.6-12. See also the letter from Bill Chalker in FSR, Vol.30, 
No.4, 1984, p.28. 
43. Ibid. 
44. Ibid. 
45. Ibid. 
46. Letter to the author from Guido Valentich, September 1985. 
47. Chalker, W.: "The Valentich-Bass Strait Affair," The Encyclopedia of 
UFOs (edited by Ronald D. Story), New English Library, London, 1980, 
pp.379-80. 
48. Chalker, W.: "The UFO Connection: Startling Implications for Australia's 
North West Cape, and for Australia's Security," FSR, Vol.31, No.5, 
1986, p. 18.

Chapter 8. Canada 

1. Bray, Arthur: The UFO Connection, Jupiter Publishing, 1979, P.O. Box 
5528, Station "F," Ottawa, Ontario K2C 3M1, pp.57-66. 
2. Letter to Wilfred Daniels, signed on behalf of F. G. Nixon, Director, Tele- 
communications and Electronics Branch, Department of Transport, 29 April 
1964, published in FSR, Vol.10, No.4, 1964, p.29. 
3. Bray, Arthur: op. cit., p. 186. 
4. Ibid., p. 188. 
5. Ibid., pp. 147-52. 
6. Ibid., pp. 153-59. 
7. Ibid., pp.62-3. 
8. Ibid., pp.63-6. 
9. Ibid.,pp.66-9.
10. Ibid., pp.70, 191. 
11. Edwards, Frank: Flying Saucers-Serious Business, Lyle Stuart, New York, 
1966, pp.87-8. 
12. Ibid., p.86. 
13. The Canadian Magazine/Star Weekly, 4 January 1969. 
14. Howard, James: "The BOAC Labrador Sighting of 1954," FSR, Vol.27, 
No.6, 1981, pp.2-3. 
15. Kanon, Gregory M.: "UFOs and the Canadian Government-Part I," Ca- 
nadian UFO Report, Vol.3, No.6, 1975, pp.21-3. 
16. Kanon, Gregory M.: "UFOs and the Canadian Government-Part II,"
Canadian UFO Report, Vol.3, No.7, 1976, pp. 17-18. 
17. Canadian-United States Communications Instructions for Reporting Vital 
Intelligence Sightings (CIRVIS/MERINT) JANAP 146 (e), The Joint Chiefs 
of Staff, Washington, DC 20301, 31 March 1966. 
18. Sun, Vancouver, 12 January 1985. 
19. Kanon, Gregory M.: op. cit., "UFOs and the Canadian Government-Part 
II," pp.17-18. 
20. Sun, Vancouver, 12 January 1985. 
21. Kanon, Gregory M.: "UFOs and the Canadian Government-Part II," 
pp.17-18. 
22. Letter to an inquirer (name deleted) from Brigadier General L. A. Bourgeois, 
Director, General Information, Department of National Defense, Ottawa, 
24 October 1962. 
23. Bray, Arthur: op. cit., p.56. 
24. Toronto Star, 10 October 1968. 
25. Bray, Arthur: "Government Cover-up Exposed," Canadian UFO Report, 
Vol.3, No.2, 1974, pp.20-22. 
26. Magor, John: Our UFO Visitors, Hancock House, Saanichton, BC, and 
Seattle, Washington, 1977, p.74. 
27. Letter from John Pushie, Journal UFO, Vol.2, No.4, 1981, pp. 13-15. 
28. Suriy Vancouver, 26 April 1976. 
29. Journal UFO, Vol.2, No.2, 1981, p. 11. 
30. Rutkowski, Chris: "The Falcon Lake Incident," Parts I-III, FSR, Vol.27, 
Nos. 1,2, and 3, 1981. 
31. Cannon, Brian: "Strange Case of Falcon Lake-Part II," Canadian UFO 
Report, Vol.1, No.2, 1969. 
32. Lorenzen, Jim and Coral: UFOs over the Americas, Signet Books, New 
York, 1968, p.41. 
33. Rutkowski, Chris: op. cit. 
34. Letter from Graham Conway, FSR, Vol.29, No.2, 1983, p.28, iii. 
35. Kanon, Gregory M.: "UFOs and the Canadian Government-Part I," Ca- 
nadian UFO Report, Vol.3, No.6, 1975, p.21. 
36. Bray, Arthur: The UFO Connection, pp.45-6. 
37. Kanon Gregory M.: "Something's Up Here with Us!", Canadian UFO 
Report, Vol.4, No.6, 1978, pp.3-4. 
38. Bray, Arthur: The UFO Connection, p.45. 
39. Kanon, Gregory: "Something's Up Here with Us!" 
40. Bray, Arthur: The UFO Connection, p.45. 
41. Smith, Wilbert B.: "Official Reticence," FSR, Vol.6, No.3, 1960, 
pp.30-31, iv. 
42. Smith, Wilbert B.: "Why I Believe in the Reality of the Spacecraft," FSR, 
Vol.4, No.6, 1958, pp.8-11. 
43. Letter from Wilbert Smith to Ronald Caswell, 23 February 1959.

Chapter 9

China 
1. Heng, Sheng-Yen: "UFOs-An Unsolved World Puzzle," People's Daily, 
13 November 1978. 
2. Guang Ming Daily, 12 May 1980. 
3. Stevens, Wendelle C, and Dong. Paul: UFOs over Modern China, UFO 
Photo Archives 1983, P.O. Box 17206, Tucson, Arizona 85710, p.22. 
4. Bowen, Charles: "The Brightening of the Chinese UFO Scene," FSR, 
Vol.27, No.5, 1981, pp.16-18. 
5. Dong, Paul: "UFO Reports from China (1)," FSR, Vol.28, No.2, 1982, 
pp. 21-3. 
6. Associated Press, 14 July 1947. 
7. Stevens and Dong: op. cit., p.33. 
8. Ibid., pp.44-5. 
9. Ibid., p.45. 
10. Ibid.,pp.48-9. 
11. Ibid., pp.49-50. 
12. Ibid., p.56. 
13. Ibid., pp.61-3. It should be noted that many sightings of UFOs in the Gobi 
Desert area can probably be attributed to rocket launches from the Shuang- 
Chengzi missile test center. 
14. On 13 September 1971, the Vice-Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party 
and Minister of National Defense, Lin Biao, and his rebel followers were 
killed while escaping in an aircraft which crashed in Mongolia. 
15. Stevens and Dong: op. cit., p.72. 
16. Ibid., p.88. 
17. Ibid., pp.93-4; Lee, Anthony: "UFO Reports from China (2)," FSR, Vol.28, 
No.4, 1982, pp.23-4. 
18. Stevens and Dong: op. cit., pp.99-102. 
19. Dong, Paul: Feidie Bui Wen Bai Da (Questions and Answers on UFOs), 
Deli Shuju, Hong Kong, 1983, summarized and translated by Gordon Creighton 
in FSR, Vol.28, No.6, 1984, pp. 14-20; Stevens and Dong: op. cit., p. 119. 
20. Dong, Paul: Extracts from "Questions and Answers on UFOs," FSR, Vol.28, 
No.6, 1984, p. 14. 
21. Stevens and Dong: op. cit., pp.119-120. 
22. Ibid., p. 132. 
23. Ibid., pp. 140-1. 
24. Ibid., p. 146.
25. Dong, Paul: op. cit., p. 18 (report edited by Leslie Banks). 
26. Stevens and Dong: op. cit., pp.216-18. 
27. Ibid.,p.202. 
28. Ibid., pp.219-20. 
29. Ibid., pp.243-5. 
30. People's Daily, 28 July and 9 August 1985. 
31. Sunday Express, London, 25 August 1985. 
32. Letter to the author from Zhang Laigui, Air Attache, Embassy of the People's 
Republic of China, London, 25 January 1986. 
33. China Daily, 27 August 1985.

Chapter 10. USSR 

1. Playboy, December 1967. 
2. Zigel, Professor F. Y.: "Mysteries of the 20th Century: UFOs-What Are 
They?", edited by B. P. Konstantinov, Vice-President of the USSR Acad- 
emy of Sciences, Smena, Moscow, 7 April 1967. 
3. Brill, Joe: "UFOs Behind the Iron Curtain," Skylook, No.87, February 
1975, Mutual UFO Network (MUFON Inc.), pp. 14-15. 
4. Letter to the author from V. Bashkirov, Director of the M. V. Frunze Central 
House of Aviation and Space, Moscow, 22 January 1986. 
5. Gindilis, L. M., Menkov, D.A., and Petrovskaya, I.G.: Observations of 
Anomalous Atmospheric Phenomena in the USSR: Statistical Analysis, USSR 
Academy of Sciences Institute of Space Research Report, PR 473, 1979, 
pp. 1-74. Translation published as "NASA Technical Memorandum 
No.75665." available from the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), 2457
Peterson Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659. 
6. Letter to the author from Dr. L. M. Gindilis, Sternberg State Astronomical 
Institute, Moscow, 20 February 1986. 
7. Buttlar, Johannes von: The UFO Phenomenon, Sidgwick & Jackson, Lon- 
don, 1979, p.65. 
8. Air Intelligence Report No. ir 193-55, 13 October 1955. 
9. Harbinson, W. A.: Genesis, Corgi Books, London, 1980, pp.593-606. 
10. I do not discount the probability that saucer-type aircraft have been suc- 
cessfully flown in more recent years. 
11. Zigel. Dr. Felix: "Unidentified Flying Objects," Soviet Life, London, March 
1968. 
12. Oltre il Cielo: Missili e Razzi, No. 105, 1-15 June 1962. 
13. "UFOs over Russia," Flying Saucers, No.47, Palmer Publications, Am- 
herst, Wisconsin, May 1966, pp.6-10. 
14. Ibid. 
15. Gindilis, Menkov, and Petrovskaya: op. cit. 
16. Oltre il Cielo: Missili e Razzi, op. cit. 
17. Steiger, Brad: Flying Saucers Are Hostile, Award Books, New York, 1967, 
pp.85-6. 
18. Komarov, Vladimir, Feoktistov, Konstantin, and Yegorov, Boris: "24 Hours 
in Space," The Astronauts Book, Panther Books, London, 1966. 
19. Hobana, Ion, and Weverbergh: Julien: UFOsfrom Behind the Iron Curtain, 
Souvenir Press, London, 1974, pp.31-2. 
20. Steiger, Brad: op. cit., p.86. 
21. Gindilis, Menkov, and Petrovskaya: op. cit. 
22. Saunders, David R., and Harkins, R. Roger: UFOs? Yes!, Signet, New 
York, 1968, p. 134. 
23. Menzel, Donald H.: Flying Saucers, Harvard University Press, 1953. 
24. FSR, Vol.3, No.3, 1957, p.3. 
25. Sud-Ouest, Bordeaux, 17 February 1965. 
26. Marchetti, Victor: "How the CIA Views the UFO Phenomenon," Second 
Look, Washington, DC, Vol.1, No.7, May 1979, pp.2-5. 
27. Hobana and Weverbergh: op. cit., p.25; FSR, Vol.13, No.6, 1967, p.2. At 
the inaugural meeting on 17 May 1967, those present included Professor 
Heinrich Ludwig; Doctors of Science Nikolai Zhirov and Igor Bestuzhev- 
Lada: chief navigator of Soviet polar aviation, Valentine Akkuratov; Gen- 
erals Porfiri Stolyarov, Leonid Reino, Georgi Uger, and Georgi Zevalkin; 
twice Hero of the Soviet Union Grigori Sivkov, Master of Science (engi- 
neering); Heroes of the Soviet Union docent Yekaterina Ryabova and Natalia 
Kravtsova. 
28. Creighton, Gordon: "Dr. Felix Zigel and the Development of Ufology in 
Russia-Part I," FSR, Vol.27, No.3, 1981, p.9. 
29. Ibid. Hobana and Weverbergh report that Stolyarov, not Zigel, made the 
concluding statement. 
30. Brill, Joe: "UFOs behind the Iron Curtain," Skylook, No.86, MUFON Inc., 
January 1975. 
31. Daily Telegraph, London, 1 June 1984. 
32. Defense Intelligence Agency report, 19 January 1968. 
33. Hobana and Weverbergh: op. cit., p.26. 
34. New York Times, 10 December 1967. 
35. Defense Intelligence Agency report, Op. cit. 
36. Phenomenes Spatiaux, No. 15, January 1968. 
37. Pravda, Moscow, 29 February 1968. 
38. Gindilis, Menkov and Petrovskaya: op. cit. 
39. Creighton, Gordon: op. cit., p. 10. 
40. Hunter, Harriot: "Official UFO Study Programs in Foreign Countries,"
Scientific Study of Unidentified Objects (Dr. Edward Condon), Bantam Books, 
New York, 1969, p.555. 
41. Brill, Joe: op. cit., p. 14. 
42. Nedelya, No.3, 1979. 
43. Tekhnika Molodezhi, No.3, 1979. 
44. Schnee, Nikita: "Ufology in the USSR," FSR, Vol.27, No.l, 1981, 
pp.8-13. 
45. Creighton, Gordon: "Dr. Felix Zigel and the Development of Ufology in 
Russia-Part II," FSR, Vol.27, No.4, 1981, pp. 13-19. 
46. Gindilis, Menkov, and Petrovskaya: op. cit.
47. Letter from James Oberg, FSR, Vol.28, No.l, 1982, p.25. 
48. Sunday Times, London, 17 August 1980. 
49. Gente, 31 July and 7 August 1981. 
50. Ibid. 
51. Dobson, Christopher, and Payne, Ronald: The Dictionary of Espionage, 
Harrap, London, 1984, pp.211-13. 
52. Barron, John: KGB: The Secret Work of Soviet Secret Agents, Corgi Books, 
London, 1975, p.211. See also Schultz, Richard, and Godson, Roy: De- 
zinformatsia: Active Measures in Soviet Strategy, Pergamon-Brassey's, 
Washington, DC, 1984. 
53. Creighton, Gordon: "Naughty Henry Gris says it again! Soviet Space Center 
knocked out by UFOs," FSR, Vol.28, No.6, 1983, pp.27-8. 
54. Guardian, London, 7 January 1983. 
55. The Times, 30 May 1984. 
56. Daily Telegraph, London, 13 July 1984. 
57. Vostrukhin, V.: "At 4:10 precisely ... We report in detail," Trud, 30
January 1985, translated by Gordon Creighton, FSR, Vol.30, No.5, 1985, 
pp. 14-16. 
58. The Commission for Anomalous Phenomena, Box 764, Glavpochamt (Main 
Post Office), 101,000 Moscow. 
59. Krasnaya Zvezda, 13 April 1985, quoted in the Japan Times, 16 April 1985. 
60. Sunday Times, London, 10 March 1985. 
61. Letter from Valerii I. Sanarov to Jean-Francois Boadec, 27 August 1982. 
62. Ibid., 10 September 1983. 
63. Alexandrov, V.: L'Ours et la Baleine, Stock, Paris, 1958, quoted by Jacques 
Vallee in Anatomy of a Phenomenon, Neville Spearman, London 1966, 
p. 114. 
64. International Herald Tribune and Daily Telegraph, 5 December 1985.


PART THREE: USA 

Chapter 11. 1947-54 

1. Few are aware that Kenneth Arnold had a second sighting on 29 July 1947, 
when he saw twenty to twenty-five small brass-colored objects that came 
within 400 yards of his plane as he was flying over the La Grande valley, 
Oregon. The movie film he took revealed only a few of the objects and no 
detail could be made out. (See The Coming of the Saucers.) 
2. FBI memorandum to the Officer-in-Charge from Frank M. Brown, special 
agent, 16 July 1947. 
3. Interview with Captain E.J. Smith by the District Intelligence Officer, 13th 
Naval District, Seattle, Washington, 9 July 1947. 
4. Stringfield, Leonard H.: The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome, Status Report 
II, Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), 103 Oldtowne Road, Seguin, Texas 
78155 (1980).
5. Moore, William L.: Crashed Saucers: Evidence in the Search for Proof, 
William L. Moore Publications and Research, 4219 W. Olive Street, Suite 
247, Burbank, California 91505, June 1985, p.46. 1 can confirm that the 
news story about the Roswell disk was suppressed, inasmuch as Hughie 
Green, the well-known TV broadcaster and former Royal Canadian Air 
Force pilot, told me himself that he listened to the news broadcasts as he 
was traveling across New Mexico by car. By the time he reached Philadelphia 
the story had been killed. (See also The Roswell Incident, pp.48-49.) 
6. Berlitz, Charles and Moore, William: The Roswell Incident, Granada, Lon- 
don, 1980, pp.67-72. 
7. Ibid., pp.57-63. 
8. Moore, William L.: op. cit. 
9. Names of the MJ-12 group were first published in Just Cause, No.6, De- 
cember 1985, P.O. Box 218, Coventry, Connecticut 06238. 
10. Steinman, William: UFO Crash at Aztec: An Investigation Report, UFO 
Photo Archives, P.O. Box 17206, Tucson. Arizona 85710 (1987). 
11. Letter from Lieutenant General Nathan Twining to J.E. Schaefer of the 
Boeing Airplane Company, 17 July 1947. Additional quotes supplied by 
William Moore in Phil Klass & The Roswell Incident: The Sceptics Deceived, 
William L. Moore Publications & Research, Burbank, California, 1986. 
12. Letter to the author from Noah D. Lawrence, Jr., Headquarters Air Force 
Office of Special Investigations, Boiling AFB, DC 20332,19 February 1985. 
13. Moore, William L.: op. cit., p.9. 
14. Ibid., pp.9-12. 
15. Report of Aircraft Accident, signed by Major Armond E. Matthews, Wright 
Field Service Center, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, 9 January 1948. 
16. Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the U.S. (Top Secret), Air Intelligence 
Division Study No. 203, Directorate of Intelligence and Office of Naval 
Intelligence, Washington, DC. 10 December 1948. 
17. Memorandum from Brigadier General C. P. Cabell, USAF, Chief, Air 
Intelligence Requirements Division, Directorate of Intelligence, HQ Army 
Air Forces, 12 February 1948. 
18. Memorandum from Major General S. E. Anderson, USAF, Director of Plans 
and Operations, 3 March 1948. 
19. Arnold, Kenneth, and Palmer, Ray: The Coming of the Saucers, Amherst 
Press, Wisconsin, 1952, pp.90-91. 
20. Ruppelt. Edward J.: The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Doubleday, 
New York, 1956, pp-41, 45. 
21. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Aliens from Space, Panther, London, 1973, p.27. 
22. Analysis of Flying Object Incidents in the U.S., op. cit., p.2. 
23. Memorandum from Colonel Eustis L. Poland, for the Commanding General, 
HO 4th Army, Fort Sam Houston Texas, to the Director of Intelligence, 
GSUSA, Washington 25, DC, 13 January 1949. 
24. Report of Trip to Los Alamos, New Mexico, 16 February 1949, by Com- 
mander Richard S. Mandelkorn, USN, Research & Development Division, 
Sandia Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
25. Secret letter from Lieutenant Colonel Doyle Rees, USAF, District Com- 
mander, 17th District Office of Special Investigations, Kirtland AFB, New 
Mexico, to the Director of Special Investigations, Office of the Inspector 
General USAF, Washington 25, DC, 12 May 1949. 
26. Memorandum from Lieutenant Colonel Doyle Rees to Brigadier General 
Joseph F. Carroll, Director of Special Investigations, 25 May 1950. 
27. Letter from Colonel William B. Guild, Director of Counterintelligence, 
Department of the Army, Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelli- 
gence, Washington, DC 20310, to Richard Hall, 25 September 1980. 
28. New York Times, 9 October 1955. (?) 
29. FBI memorandum from the Special Agent in Charge, San Antonio, Texas, 
to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, 31 January 1949. 
30. CIA draft report, 15 August 1952. 
31. Project Sign Report No. F-TR-2274-1A, February 1949. 
32. Statement by Lieutenant Graham Bethune, US Naval Reserve Fleet Logistic 
Air Wing, Atlantic/Continental, Air Transport Squadron One, US Naval Air 
Station, Patuxent River, Maryland, 10 February 1951. 
33. News Tribune, Fullerton. California, 26 June 1956. 
34. Air Intelligence Information report prepared by Lieutenant Colonel Bruce 
K. Baumgardner, USAF, Director of Intelligence, HQ EADF, 21 September 
1951. 
35. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Flying Saucers from Outer Space, Henry Holt 
& Company, New York 1953, pp. 124-6. 
36. Department of the Air Force Staff Message Division, Outgoing Classified 
Message, HQ USAF, AF01N-2A3, 16 July 1952. 
37. Ruppelt, Edward J.: op. cit., p. 158. 
38. A temperature inversion is caused when a layer of warm air lies adjacent 
to a cooler layer, producing optical distortions in the atmosphere. 
39. FBI memorandum from V.P. Keay to A. H. Belmont, 29 July 1952. 
40. Ruppelt, Edward J.: op. cit., pp.2-5. 
41. Stringfield, Leonard H.: Inside Saucer Post . . . 3-0 Blue, Civilian Re- 
search, Interplanetary Flying Objects (CR1FO), Cincinnati, Ohio, 1957, p.91. 
42. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: The Flying Saucer Conspiracy, Hutchinson, 
London, 1957, pp. 11-19; Flammonde, Paris: UFOs Exist!, G.P. Putnam's 
Sons, New York, 1976, pp.279-81. 
43. Mel Noel told me, for example, that radio contact with the UFOs was 
established during the third encounter, and a considerable amount of infor- 
mation was given (in English) to all the pilots. Colonel Peterson, the flight 
leader, claimed later to have had direct physical contact with the extrater- 
restrials. In 1959 he disappeared over the Atlantic without any trace of his 
aircraft being found, having previously informed Mel (who by this time had 
become a close friend) that he was going to join his extraterrestrial contacts.

For further information see The Mel Noel Story, Saucerian Publications, 
available from Susanne Stebbing, 41 Terminus Drive, Beltinge, Heme Bay, 
Kent CT6 6PR, England. 
44. Omni, Vol.2, No.6, 1980.

Chapter 12. Collision Course (1950s onward) 

1. Classified message from Hamilton AFB, California, to HQ USAF, August 
31, 1953. 
2. Letter from Dr. Donald H. Menzel, Harvard College Observatory, to Major 
John A. Samford, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Dayton, Ohio, 16
October 1953. 
3. Letter from Colonel George Perry, Directorate of Intelligence, to Brigadier 
General W. M. Burgess, Deputy for Intelligence, Air Defense Command, 
Ent AFB, Colorado, 23 December 1953. 
4. US Army Intelligence report from Lieutenant Colonel W. Miller, Director, 
Counterintelligence Division, to the Assistant Chief of Staff, G-2, Wash- 
ington 25, DC, 10 December 1953. 
5. Report filed by Irvin Kabus, 890th CIC Det., 30 April 1954. 
6. US Army Order 30-13, 31 January 1957. 
7. Classified message from the Commander, Carswell AFB, Texas, to the 
Directorate of Intelligence; Commander, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, 
Colorado; ATIC; 8th Air Force, Carswell AFB. 
8. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: The Flying Saucer Conspiracy, Hutchinson, 
London, 1957, pp.48-9. 
9. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: op. cit., p. 103. 
10. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Aliens from Space, Panther, London, 1975, p. 186. 
11. Edwards, Frank: Flying Saucers-Serious Business, Lyle Stuart, New York, 
1966, pp.69-70. 
12. Lorenzen, Coral and Jim: UFOs: The Whole Story, Signet, New York, 
1969, p.79. 
13. Fowler, Raymond E.: Casebook of a UFO Investigator, Prentice-Hall, New 
Jersey, 1981, pp. 182-3. 
14. JANAP 146(c), Joint Chiefs of Staff, Joint Communications, Electronics 
Committee, Washington, DC, 10 March 1954. 
15. Newark Star Ledger, 22 December 1958. 
16. Maney, Professor Charles A.: "The New UFO Policy of the U.S. Air 
Force," FSR, Vol.6, No.5, 1960, pp.6-9. 
17. Memo and reports from the Air Force Special Security Office, Headquarters, 
Northeast Air Command, APO 862, New York, 18 July 1955. 
18. Yost, Graham: Spy-Tech, Harrap, London, 1985, p. 17. 
19. Flammonde, Paris: The Age of Flying Saucers, Hawthorn Books, New York, 
1971, pp.114-16. 
20. FSR, Vol.5, No.6, 1959, pp.27-8. 
21. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Aliens from Space, pp. 89-90. 
22. New York Sunday Times, 28 February 1960. 
23. UPI, Washington, DC, 14 April 1962. 
24. NICAP Bulletin, August 1962. 
25. Ibid. 
26. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: op. cit., pp. 103-4.
27. Ibid., p.288. 
28. Ibid., pp. 152-3. 
29. Maney, Professor Charles A.: op. cit., p.8. 
30. The UFO Investigator, NICAP, March/April 19&5. 
31. FSR, Vol.11, No.3, 1965, pp.3-4; Fate, July 1966. 
32. National Enquirer, 12 October 1982; FSR, Vol.29, No.l, 1983, pp.23-4; 
Crain, T. Scott: "UFO Intercepts Rocket," MUFON UFO Journal, January 
1987, pp.5-6. 
33. The Little Listening Post, Vol.12, No.3, 1965, Washington, DC; Clark, 
Jerome: "Two New Contact Claims," FSR, Vol.11, No.3, 1965, pp.20-22; 
lecture by Sid Padrick at Reno, Nevada, 10 July 1966. 
34. Faulkner, Alex: "Mystery Men in Flying Saucer Probe," Sunday Telegraph, 
29 January 1967; Rankow, Ralph: "The Heflin Photographs," FSR, Vol. 14, 
No.l, 1968, pp.21-4. 
35. Yost, Graham: op. cit., pp. 142-3. 
36. Fawcett, Lawrence and Greenwood, Barry J.: Clear Intent, Prentice-Hall, 
New Jersey, 1984, pp.9-11. 
37. Fowler, Raymond: op. cit., p. 187. 
38. Ibid., pp. 186-7. 
39. Birmingham News, Alabama, 19 October 1973; Decatur Daily, Alabama, 
16 November 1973; Smith, Warren: "Invasion of the UFO Space Men,"
Saga, Vol.49, No.l, October 1974, pp.35, 48. 
40. "Near Collision with UFO Report," Army Disposition Form, Flight Op- 
erations Office, USAR Flight Facility, Cleveland Hopkins Airport, Cleve- 
land, Ohio 44135, 23 November 1973. 
41. National Enquirer, 13 December 1973. 
42. Zeidman, Jennie: "Coyne (Mansfield, Ohio) Helicopter Incident," The En- 
cyclopedia ofUFOs (ed. Ronald D. Story), New English Library, London, 
1980, pp.93-5. 
43. "Burns Follow UFO Incident," APRO Bulletin, Vol.29, No.8, 1981, pp.1-4. 
44. Schuessler, John: "Cash-Landrum Case Closed?" MUFON UFO Journal 
No.222, October 1986, pp. 12-17. 
45. APRO Bulletin, Vol.30, No.7, 1982, p.5.

Chapter 13. The Defense Intelligence Agency 

1. Dobson, Christopher, and Payne, Ronald: The Dictionary of Espionage, 
Harrap, London, 1984, p.207. 
2. Dulles. Allen W.: The Craft of Intelligence, Harper & Row, New York, 
1963, p.47. 
3. Wise, David, and Ross, Thomas B.: The Invisible Government, Bantam 
Books, New York, 1965, p.230. 
4. Turner, Stansfield: Secrecy and Democracy, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 
1986, p.247. 
5. Kennedy, Colonel William V.: The Intelligence War, Salamander Books, 
London, 1983, p.27. 
6. Marchetti, Victor, and Marks, John D.: The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence, 
Coronet Books (Hodder & Stoughton), London, 1976, p. 117. 
7. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry: Clear Intent, Prentice-Hall, 
New Jersey, 1984, p.82. 
8. O Estado de Sao Paulo, 8 July 1965. 
9. EI Mercurio, Valparaiso, 7 July 1965. See also Lloyd, Dan: "Things are 
hotting up in Antarctica," FSR, Vol.11, No.5, 1965, pp.4-5. 
10. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Flying Saucers from Outer Space, Henry Holt 
& Company, New York, 1953, p. 44. 
11. Cronica, Santiago, 19 May 1972. 
12. Bemelmans, Hans: "Reports from Ibiuna," FSR, Vol.16, No.l, 1970, 
pp. 15-19. 
13. Creighton, Gordon: "Brazil: Censorship of UFO Reports," FSR, Vol.19, 
No.6, 1973, p.29. 
14. Letter to the author from Ray Boeche, 29 January 1986. 
15. Letter to the author from Bruce Cathie, 19 March 1986. 
16. Letter to the author from Bruce Cathie, 17 April 1986. 
17. ASI, Buenos Aires, 21 April 1964. 
18. Uriondo, Oscar A.: "UFOs over the Andes: Official gendarmeria reports 
revealed," FSR, Vol.28, No.4, 1982, pp. 11-13. 
19. Creighton, Gordon: "The Spanish Government opens Its Files," FSR, Vol.23, 
No.3, 1977, p.3. 
20. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry: op. cit., p.84. 
21. State Department cable, 18 May 1978. 
22. Letter to the author from Larry R. Strawderman, CIA Information and 
Privacy Coordinator, 29 November 1983. 
23. Campbell, Duncan: The Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier, Michael Joseph, Lon- 
don, 1984, p. 144. 
24. Turner, Stansfield: op. cit., p.276. 
25. Ibid., p.34. 
26. Kennedy, Colonel William V.: op. cit., p.39.

Chapter 14. The Central Intelligence Agency 

1. Ranelagh, John: The Agency, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, London, 1986. 
2. Yost, Graham: Spy-Tech, Harrap, London, 1985, pp.6-7; Marchetti, Victor, 
and Marks, John D.: The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence, Coronet, London, 
1976, pp.96-7. 
3. Zachary, Ted [Todd Zechell: "The CIA Has Proof that UFOs Exist!," UFO 
Report, New York, August 1977. 
4. Ground Saucer Watch, 13238 N. 7th Drive, Phoenix, Arizona 85029. 
5. Klass, Philip J.: UFOs: The Public Deceived, Prometheus Books, Buffalo, 
NY, 1983, p. 10.
6. Freemantle, Brian: CIA, Futura, London, 1983, p.73. 
7. US Air Force Fact Sheet, 17 December 1969. 
8. Smith, Warren: UFO Trek, Zebra Books, New York, 1976, pp.221-3. 
9. Ibid., pp.224-5. 
10. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Aliens from Space, Granada, London, 1975, p.86. 
11. Slate, B. Ann, and Druffel, Ann: "UFOs and the CIA Cover-Up," UFO 
Report, Vol.2, No.4, New York, 1975, p.20. 
12. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: op. cit., p.87. 
13. Saunders, Dr. David R., and Harkins, R. Roger: UFOs? Yes!, Signet, New 
York, 1968, p. 105. 
14. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry J.: Clear Intent, Prentice-Hall, 
New Jersey, 1984. 
15. Agee, Philip, and Wolf, Louis (editors): Dirty Work: The CIA in Western 
Europe, Zed Press, London 1978, p.310. 
16. Campbell, Duncan: The Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier, Michael Joseph, Lon- 
don, 1984, p. 143. 
17. Adamski, George: Inside the Space Ships, Arco/Spearman, London, 1956. 
18. Stringfield, Leonard: Inside Saucer Post . . . 3-0 Blue, Civilian Research, 
Interplanetary Flying Objects (CRIFO), Cincinnati, Ohio, 1957, pp.41-2. 
19. Sparks, Brad C: "CIA Involvement," The Encyclopedia of UFOs (edited 
by Ronald D. Story), New English Library, London, 1980, p.73. 
20. Stanford, Ray: Socorro "Saucer" in a Pentagon Pantry, Blueapple Books, 
Austin, Texas, 1976. 
21. Studies in Intelligence, CIA, Vol.10. No.4, Fall 1966. 
22. Klass, Philip J.: UFOs Explained, Random House, New York, 1974, 
pp. 105-14. 
23. Journal, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 2 August 1983. 
24. Fawcett and Greenwood: op. cit., pp. 141-2. 
25. Condon, Dr. Edward J.: Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, 
Bantam Books, New York, 1969. 
26. Saunders and Harkins: op. cit. 
27. Harder, Dr. James: APRO Bulletin, Vol.32, No.4, pp.6-7. 
28. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: op. cit., p. 103. 
29. Ibid., p. 102. 
30. Edwards, Frank: Flying Saucers-Here and Now!, Lyle Stuart, New York, 
1967, pp.42-3. 
31. Fowler, Raymond E.: Casebook of a UFO Investigator, Prentice-Hall, New 
Jersey, 1981, p.60. 
32. Klass, Philip J.: UFOs: The Public Deceived, Prometheus Books, Buffalo, 
NY, 1983, pp.291-3. 
33. Zechel, W. Todd: "NI-CIA-AP or NICAP?," Just Cause, January 1979, 
pp.5-8. 
34. Sparks, Brad C: loc. cit. 
35. Fawcett and Greenwood: op. cit., pp.233-4. 
36. Ibid., pp.207-8. 
37. Lorenzen, Coral and Jim: UFOs over the Americas, Signet, New York, 
1968, pp. 187-90. 
38. APRO Bulletin, Vol.33, No.2. 
39. APRO Bulletin, Vol.32, No.9. 
40. CIA Privacy Regulations, Title 32 C.F.R. Section 1901.13. 
41. Report to the President by the Commission on CIA Activities within the 
United States (Rockefeller Commission), US Government Printing Office, 
Washington, DC, June 1975, p.249. 
42. Zachary, Ted [Todd Zechel]: "The CIA Has Proof That UFOs Exist!" UFO 
Report, New York, August 1977. 
43. Stringfield, Leonard: Situation Red, The UFO Siege, Doubleday, New York, 
1977, p. 154; Spaulding, William: "UFOs: The Case for a Cover Up," The 
Unexplained, Vol.5, No.53, Orbis, London, 1981, p. 1044. 
44. Smith, Warren: op. cit., pp.210-19. 
45. Interview with the author, 22 January 1986. 
46. Copeland, Miles: The Real Spy World, Sphere, London, 1978, p.26. 
47. Smith, Warren: op. cit., pp.220-28. 
48. Letter to the author from Larry R. Strawderman, CIA Information and 
Privacy Coordinator, 29 November 1983. 
49. Letter to the author from Brian Freemantle, 9 September 1985. 
50. Turner, Stansfield: Secrecy & Democracy, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 
1986, pp.227-8, 235. 
51. Letters to the author from Admiral Stansfield Turner, 18 June and 15 July 
1986. 
52. Zachary, Ted [Todd Zechel]: op. cit. 
53. Letter from Todd Zechel, International UFO Reporter, Center for UFO 
Studies, November/December 1985, pp. 17-19. 
54. Marchetti, Victor: "How the CIA Views the UFO Phenomenon," Second 
Look, Vol.1, No.7, Washington, DC, May 1979, pp.2-7.

Chapter 15.NASA 
 
1. Le Matin, Paris, 13 May 1962. 
2. Letter to FSR from NASA, 22 May 1962. 
3. Time, 27 July 1962. 
4. Evening Standard, London, 8 February 1967. 
5. NASA Management Instruction from Dr. Kurt Debus, Director, John F.

Kennedy Space Center, 28 June 1967. 
6. NASA Information Sheet, NASA Headquarters, Washington, DC 20546, 
1 February 1978. 
7. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry J.: Clear Intent, Prentice-Hall, 
New Jersey, 1984, p. 193. 
8. Daily Telegraph, London, 2 June 1976. 
9. Sheaffer, Robert: The UFO Verdict, Prometheus Books, Buffalo, NY, 1981, 
pp.4-12. 
10. Daily Telegraph, London, 2 June 1976.
11. Letter from Dr. Frank Press, Executive Office of the President, Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, Washington, DC 20500, 21 July 1977. 
12. Speech to the American Society of Newspaper Editors, Washington, DC, 
22 April 1967. 
13. Sigma, Rho: "Dr. Hermann Oberth looks at UFOs," Fate, December 1968, 
pp.45-8. 
14. Collyns, Robin: Did Spacemen Colonise the Earth?, Pelham Books, Lon- 
don, 1974, p.236. 
15. Neues Europa, 1 January 1959. 
16. Zinsstag, Lou, and Good, Timothy: George Adamski-The Untold Story, 
Ceti Publications, Beckenham, England, 1983, p. 164. 
17. Stanford, Ray: Socorro ''Saucer" in a Pentagon Pantry, Blueapple Books, 
Austin, Texas 78763, 1976, pp. 120-49. 
18. Letter from Dr. Robert A. Frosch, Administrator, NASA Headquarters, 
Washington, DC 20546, 21 December 1977. 
19. Cramp, Leonard G.: Piece for a Jig-Saw, Somerton Publishing Co., Cowes, 
Isle of Wight, 1966, pp.339-40. 
20. Zinsstag and Good: op. cit., pp. 165-73, 184-5. 
21. Letters to the author from Dr. Paul D. Lowman, Jr., Geophysics Branch, 
Laboratory for Earth Sciences, NASA. Goddard Space Flight Center, Green- 
belt, Maryland 20771, 17 May 1984 and 12 January 1987. 
22. Letter to the author from Stephen Darbishire, 9 August 1986. 
23. Letter to Scott Carpenter from James A. Lovell, Deputy Director, Science 
and Applications, NASA, Manned Spacecraft Center. Houston, Texas 77058, 
12 December 1972. 
24. Roach, Franklin E.: "Visual Observations Made by Astronauts," Scientific 
Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, Bantam Books, New York, 1969, 
pp.207-8. 
25. Letter to Scott Carpenter from James A. McDivitt, Senior Vice-President, 
Power Consumers Company, Jackson, Michigan 49201,27 November 1972. 
26. We Seven (written by the Mercury astronauts), Simon & Schuster, New 
York, 1962, pp.62-3. 
27. The Gazette, Montreal, 29 November 1978. 
28. Letter to the author from Scott Carpenter, 30 November 1974. 
29. The Mel Noel Story, Saucerian Publications, Clarksburg, West Virginia, p.25. 
30. Saga UFO Special, No.3. 
31. Bamford, James: The Puzzle Palace, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1983, 
pp. 192-3. 
32. Omni, Vol.8, No.4, 1986. 
33. Berlitz, Charles: Doomsday 1999 A.D., Doubleday, New York, 1981, 
pp. 206-7. 
34. "Moondrive Special," BBC Radio 4, 11 December 1972. 
35. Letter to the author from Harry Jones, executive assistant to Edgar D.
Mitchell & Associates Inc., Houston, Texas 77017, 6 February 1973. 
36. Chriss, Nicholas: "Cernan Says Other Earths Exist," Los Angeles Times, 
6 January 1973. 
37. National Enquirer, 23 October 1979. 
38. Saga UFO Special, No.3. 
39. Faucher, Eric, Goodstein, Ellen, and Gris, Henry: "Alien UFOs Watched 
Our First Astronauts on Moon," National Enquirer, 11 September 1979. 
40. Chatelain, Maurice: Our Ancestors Came from Outer Space, Pan Books, 
London, 1980, p.25. 
41. Letter to the author from Dr. Paul D. Lowman, Jr., NASA, Goddard Space 
Flight Center, 17 May 1984. 
42. Letter to the author from John McLeaish, Chief, Public Information, Public 
Affairs Office, NASA, Manned Spacecraft Center, Houston, Texas 77058, 
20 May 1970. 
43. Letter to the author from Neil A. Armstrong, 29 December 1986.

Chapter 16. Down to Earth 

1. Scully, Frank: In Armour Bright, Chilton, 1963, p. 199. 
2. Scully, Frank: Behind the Flying Saucers, Henry Holt & Company, New 
York, 1950, pp. 128-37. 
3. Steinman, William S.: UFO Crash at Aztec, UFO Photo Archives, P.O.
Box 17206, Tucson, Arizona 85710, 1987. 
4. Bamford, James: The Puzzle Palace, Sidgwick & Jackson, London, 1983, 
pp.27-31, 115-16, 295; Friedman headed the Code and Cipher Section 
during World War I and established the Signals Intelligence School in 1931.
It was Friedman who coined the terms "cryptanalysis" and "cryptology" 
and for his remarkable work in this field was awarded the coveted National 
Security Medal. Callihamos, besides being one of NSA's legendary mem- 
bers, was also an internationally renowned flutist. He wrote books on crypt- 
analysis with Friedman. Their involvement in the Aztec case is not yet 
established. 
5. Moore, William L.: Crashed UFOs: Evidence in the Search for Proof, 
William L. Moore Publications & Research, 4219 W. Olive Street, Suite 
#247, Burbank, California 91505, 1985, pp.23-4. 
6. Stringfield, Leonard H.: UFO CrashlRetrievals: Amassing the Evidence, 
Status Report III, p. 10. Available from the author at 4412 Grove Avenue, 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45227, to whom those volunteering further information 
are invited to write. 
7. Ibid.,p.33. 
8. Steinman, William S.: op. cit. 
9. Ibid. 
10. Wilbert Smith's handwritten notes were obtained from his widow by Arthur 
Bray, to whom the author is indebted for allowing publication. 
11. Stringfield, Leonard H.: Retrievals of the Third Kind, UFO Ohio Yearbook, 
1979, p.7; "The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome Status Report II: New 
Sources, New Data, Part II: New Support Data," FSR, Vol.28, No.4, 
1982, p.7.
12. Stringfield, Leonard H.: UFO Crash/Retrievals: Amassing the Evidence, 
Status Report III, 1982, p.32. 
13. Stringfield, Leonard H.: "Retrievals of the Third Kind-Part I," FSR, 
Vol.25, No.4, 1979, pp.18-19. 
14. Stringfield, Leonard H.: UFO CrashlRetrievals: Amassing the Evidence, 
Status Report III, 1982, p.43. 
15. Ibid., pp.27-30. 
16. Ibid., pp.12-13. Letter from P.J. to Stringfield, 13 April 1982. 
17. Ibid., pp.24-5. 
18. Stringfield, Leonard H.: *'The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome Status Report 
II: New Sources, New Data, Part I," FSR, Vol.28, No.2, 1982, pp.3-8. 
19. Ibid., pp.6-7. 
20. Stringfield, Leonard H.: "The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome Status Report 
II," FSR, Vol.28, No.4, 1982, p.6. 
21. Complaint Form, Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) District 
17, Kirtland AFB, New Mexico, 14 August 1980. 
22. Complaint Form, AFOSI Det 1700, Kirtland AFB, 2-9 September 1980 
(source and evaluation by Major Ernest E. Edwards). 
23. Schwarz, Berthold Eric: UFO Dynamics Book II, Rainbow Books/Betty 
Wright, P.O. Box 1069, Moore Haven, Florida 33471, 1983, pp.536-45. 
24. Letter to the author from Dr. Schwarz, 10 October 1983. 
25. Letter to the author from Dr. Eric Dingwall, 2 September 1984. 
26. Letter to the author from Dr. Schwarz, 18 August 1985. 
27. Letter to William S. Steinman from Dr. Robert I. Sarbacher, Washington 
Institute of Technology (Oceanographic & Physical Sciences), Palm Beach, 
Florida 33480, 29 November 1983. 
28. FSR, Vol.2, No.l, 1956, p.2. 
29. FSR, Vol.11, No.2, 1965, pp.8-9.

Chapter 17. Above Top Secret 

1. Bamford, James: The Puzzle Palace, Sidgwick & Jackson, London 1983. 
2. Letter to Robert Todd from NSA's Information Officer, 20 February 1976. 
3. Fawcett, Lawrence, and Greenwood, Barry J.: Clear Intent, Prentice-Hall, 
New Jersey, 1984, pp. 181-2. 
4. Memorandum Opinion and Order Granting Motion for Summary Judgment 
in the US District Court, District of Columbia: Citizens Against UFO Secrecy 
(Plaintiff) v. National Security Agency (Defendant), 18 November 1980. 
5. In-camera affidavit of Eugene F. Yeates (NSA), US District Court of the 
District of Columbia, 9 October 1980. 
6. Moore, William L.: "CAUS v/s NSA Lawsuit goes to U.S. Supreme Court,"
APRO Bulletin, Vol.30, No.l, 1982, pp.2-3. 
7. Bamford, James: op. cit., pp. 155-6. 
8. Letter from James Rusbridger, Daily Telegraph, London, 13 December 1986. 
9. Zachary, Ted [Todd Zechel]: "The CIA Has Proof that UFOs Exist!" UFO 
Report, New York, August 1977. 
10. Received by Stanton Friedman, 27 October 1977. 
11. Sparks, Brad: "FBI Interrogates UFO Researcher: Government May Con- 
fiscate Documents," APRO Bulletin, Vol.27, No.l, July 1978. 
12. Girvan, Waveney: Flying Saucers and Common Sense, Frederick Muller, 
London, 1955, p. 119. 
13. FSR, Vol.1, No.3, 1955, p.23. 
14. Letter to the author from James J. Devine, Director of Policy, National 
Security Agency, Central Security Service, Fort George G. Meade, Mary- 
land 20755, 4 November 1983. 
15. Letter to the author from Frederick J. Berghoff, Deputy Director of Policy, NSA/CSS, 21 June 1984. 
16. Letter to a US researcher from Dennis C. Chadwick, Chief, Information 
Policy, NSA/CSS, 3 March 1986. 
17. Letter from Julia Wetzel, Director of Policy, NSA/CSS, 15 April 1986. 
18. Smith, Dr. Willy: "UFO Chase in Brazil (May 1986)," FSR, Vol.32, No. 1, 
1987, pp.6-8. Because of conflicting accounts in the Brazilian press, some 
of the details in this case are likely to be inaccurate. My own copy of the 
report in O Globo, 24 May 1986, for example, states that it was Lieutenant 
Kleber Caldas Marinho who was followed by 13 radar targets, not Captain 
Viriato. 
19. Letter to Yusuke J. Matsumura from Air Marshal Roesmin Nurjadin, Com- 
mander-in-Chief, Indonesian Air Force, Djakarta, 5 May 1967. 
20. Letter from Air Commodore J. Salutun, Indonesian Air Force, Member of 
Parliament, Secretary of the National Aerospace Council of the Republic 
of Indonesia, published in UFO News, Vol.6, No.l, 1974, CBA Interna- 
tional, Naka P.O. Box 12, Yokohama, Japan 232. 
21. Letter to the author from Mrs. J. Clark, Information Officer, Embassy of 
Japan, 26 November 1986. 
22. Interview with General Kanshi Ishikawa, former Chief of Staff, Air Self- 
Defense Force, when he was a commander of the 2nd Air Wing, Chitose 
Air Base, published in UFO News, Vol.6, No.l, 1974, p.123. 
23. Letter from Colonel Fujio Hayashi, Commander, Air Transport Wing, Irima 
Air Squadron, JASDF, published in UFO News, Vol.6, No. 1, 1974, p. 123. 
24. Draper, Richard: "Japan's Secret UFO Probe," UFO Report, Vol.5, No.4, 
New York, 1978, pp.26-9, 51. 
25. Guardian, London, 3 January 1987; The Times, London, 6 January 1987; 
Sunday Mirror, London, 4 January 1987. 
26. Letter to the author from Wing Commander S.D. White for Chief of Staff, 
Air Staff, Ministry of Defense Headquarters, Wellington, NZ, 6 September 
1985. 
27. The Herald, Zimbabwe, 2 August 1985; The Times, London, 3 August 
1985. 
28. Letter to the author from Air Commodore David R. Thorne, Director General 
Operations, Headquarters, Air Force of Zimbabwe, Harare, Zimbabwe, 
24 October 1985. 
29. Friedman, Stanton T.: "The Case for the Extraterrestrial Origin of Flying 
Saucers," 1979 MUFON Proceedings, p.215. 
30. Ware, Donald M.: "Security Policy," MUFON UFO Journal No.212, 
December 1985, pp.7, 18, Mutual UFO Network, 103 Oldtowne Road, 
Seguin, Texas 78155-4099. 
31. Friedman, Stanton T.: "Flying Saucers are Real," Worlds Beyond, edited 
by Larry Geis, Fabrice Florin, with Peter Beren and Aidan Kelly, And/Or 
Press, P.O. Box 2246, Berkeley, California 94702, p.221. 
32. Girvan, Waveney: op. cit., p. 122. 
33. Stanford, Ray: Socorro "Saucer" in a Pentagon Pantry, Blueapple Books, 
Austin, Texas 78763, 1976, p. 136. 
34. "Central Weekend," Central Television, 5 September 1986. 
35. Harder, Professor James A.: "UFO Secrecy-the International Dimen- 
sion," APRO Bulletin, Vol.32, No.4, 1984, pp.6-7. 
36. Friedman, Stanton T.: "A Scientific Approach to Flying Saucer Behavior,"
Joint Symposium sponsored by the Los Angeles and Orange County sections 
of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and the L.A.
section of the World Future Society, held in Los Angeles, 27 September 
1975. 
37. Jung, C. G.: Flying Saucers: A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Sky 
(translated by R.F.C. Hull), Routledge & Kegan Paul, London, 1959. 
38. "Dr. Carl Jung on Unidentified Flying Objects," FSR, Vol. 1, No.2, 1955, 
pp. 17-18 (originally appearing in Courier Interplanetaire, Switzerland, 1954). 
39. Keyhoe, Major Donald E.: Flying Saucers: Top Secret, G. P. Putnam's 
Sons, New York, 1960, pp. 235-6. 
40. FSR, Vol.1, No.2, 1955, pp.17-18. 
41. Free Press, Detroit, August 1971. 
42. Blum, Ralph and Judy: Beyond Earth: Man's Contact with UFOs, Corgi 
Books, London, 1974, p. 117. 
43. "UFOs and Project Blue Book," Fact Sheet, United States Air Force, Public 
Affairs Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433, January 1985. 
44. Memorandum from Brigadier General C. H. Bolender, Deputy Director of 
Development DCS/Research & Development, USAF, 20 October 1969. 
45. National Archives and Records Administration withdrawal notices.


=========================================================================
INDEX 

Acuff, John. 349, 351
Adams, William A., 336
Adamski. George, 39, 117, 341-2, 374-7
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO), 
352-3, 406, 439
Aeronautical Information Service, 78, 125
Afghanistan, 308, 318
Agadir, 312
Agee, Philip, 363
Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI), 
82, 260, 266-7, 270, 299, 352, 405, 
407-8, 425, 426, 443, 522-3, 528, 560
Air Force Special Security Service, 285-6, 419
Air Materiel Command, 30, 260-2, 476-8, 549
Air Ministry, 27, 28, 30, 32-5, 43, 46-7, 48-50, 
52-4
Air Technical Intelligence Center (AT1C), 32, 35, 
260, 278-9, 280, 287, 331, 335, 336
Akhurst, Leslie, 64, 68, 69
Akkuratov, Valentin, 226
Aldershot, 106-12
Aldrin, Edwin, 383, 384
Alexander, Rolf, 414-5
Alexander of Tunis, Earl, 39
Allen, Lew, 382
Allen, W. F.,67-8
Alti Piano, 8
Alvarez, Luis, 336
Amberley, 174
Andrews AFB, 269
Andropov, Yuri, 242
Antarctica, 308-10
Apollo 8, 385
Apollo 11, 383-7
Apraksin, Arkadii Ivanovich, 221-3
Archer, James, 83, 91
Argentina, 315-6
Armstrong, Neil, 383-4, 386-7
Arnold, Kenneth, 253, 571
Arnon, Shlomo, 405
Artsimovitch, L. A., 234
Ashland (Nebr.), 441
Ashley, Thomas L., 288
Ash worth, Gcrri, 114
AS2, 69-70
Atomic Energy Commission, 265-6, 267, 549
Australia, 160-82, 324-5, 339-40
Australian Security and Intelligence Organization 
(ASIO), 164-6
Aviano, 144-5
Ayres, William H., 288
Azhazha, Vladimir, 237, 242, 384
Aztec (N.M.), 388-94
Bachner, E., 283
Baikonur, 242
Bailey, Martin, 81, 112
Ball, Sgt., 85
Ballard, Maj., 269, 487
Bamford, James, 416, 419
Baragiola, Antonio, 316
Barker, John, 168-70
Barnett, Grady L., 256-7
Barrera, Juan, 309, 310
Bass Strait, 160, 161, 175, 214
Beabey, Keith, 81, 87
Beards, H. L., 29
Beckenham, 149
Begg, Paul, 82
Beijing, 212, 216
Belenko, Lt., 431
Bellenger, Mr., 36
Benavidez, Lt., 309
Benitez, Juan Jos6, 152, 156-7, 318
Bennett, Colin, 171
Bcnnewitz, Paul, 406-7
Bentley Priory, 114
Bentwaters, 44-6, 82, 83, 84, 85
Berghoff, Frederick, 423
Berkner, Lloyd V., 258, 336, 390
Berry, Adrian, 87
Berry, John, 28
Beswick, Lord, 103
Bethune, Graham, 268, 486
Binder, Otto, 383, 385
Bingham, John, 151
Birch, Nigel, 36
Birdsall, Graham, 72
Birdsall, Mark, 70, 72
Bishop, Denise, 98-101
Bissky, P., 199
Blake, James, 144
Blanchard, William, 254
Blann, Tommy, 402, 403-4
Bloomfield, Chris, 99-100
Blue Berets, 404
Boadec, Jean-Francois, 247
Board of Trade, 66-7
Bocchc, Ray, 85, 86-7, 93, 95-6, 307, 312-3, 
321
Bolender, Brig. Gen., 443
Bolivia, 322-3
Bougainville Reef, 169
Bourret, Jean-Claude, 129
Bowen, Charles, 71, 207
Bowen, John W., 397
Bowers, H. L., 330
Bowie, Russell, 76
Bowles, Joyce, 70-1
Bowra, George, 392, 393
Boyd, Bob, 98-101
Boyd, Comdr., 271
Boyd, Lee, 190
Bozhich, Sergei, 239
Bradley, V. L., 186, 191
Bray, Arthur (researcher), 186, 187, 193, 201
Bray, Arthur (security guard), 393
Brazel, William, 254
Brazil, 311-2, 426-8
Breen, John, 200-1 
Brickner. Stephen J., 18
Briggs, Frederick. 40-2, 452-4. 557
Brill, Joe, 221
British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). 56, 381, 
382-3
Bntish UFO Research Association (BUFORA), 67- 
8, 71. 112
Brixham, 60-2
Broadlands, '40-2
Bn-nk, Detlev W., 258, 390, 391. 548
Brooks, J.B.W., 63-4,455
Brown, Thomas Townsend, 346
Bryan, Joseph J.. Ill, 347 8
Bryant, Larry. 349
Bulawayo, 433
Burgess. W. M.. 279
Burnett, John. 313-4
Burns, Horace, 291
Burroughs, John. 83, 92
Bursum. Holm, 345
Burtoo. Alfred, 106-12
Burtoo, Marjone, 111-2
Bush, Vannevar. 183. 258. 389. 391, 397. 413, 
435, 465. 548, 551
Bustinza, Adrian. 85-6, 96
Butler, Brenda, 81. 82. 83
Cabinet Research Office. 431
Cadieux, Leo. 199
Caghari, 145
Callihamos, LambrosC. 391. 580
Cameron. Ron, 180
Canada. 183-205. 340-1, 467
Canary Islands, 153-4, 460
Candcllin. Cpl., 104, 105
Cannon, Brian, 199
Cannon AFB, 524
Cape Jesup, 226
Cape Kennedy. 367
Cape Otway. 175-7
Carey. George C. 224. 335
Carlan. U. C, 267
Carlborg, Herbert A., 287
Carpenter. Scott. 377. 381
Carr, Robert Spencer, 393
Carswell AFB. 255, 281-2, 495-6
Carter. Jimmy. 368-9, 516-7
Cartmel, Grp. Capt., 28-9
Carvalho. Bernard J., 348
Cash, Betty, 303-5
Cassells. Mr.. 68
Cassie. Alec. 64, 68
Castro, Carlos Cavero, 152, 159
Caswell, Ronald, 61-2
Cathie. Bruce, 313-5
Catroux, M. M.. 129
Cavanagh. J. L., 167
CBS, 286-7
Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS). 155, 351, 352
Central Electricity Generating Board, 97
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). 31. 49. 70. 
104, 120. 162-3, 223, 224-6, 230-2. 236, 
240, 248, 259, 260. 267-8. 270. 273. 276- 
7, 280. 299, 306, 319. 324. 325, 326 65, 
369, 387. 419-21
Central Security Service (CSS). 419-20
Cernan, Eugene, 383
Chadwell. H. Marshall, 224, 328-9, 335. 502-3, 
509-10
Chad wick, Dennis, 423
Chalker, Bill, 161, 162, 163, 166, 174, 175, 178- 
80. 181, 182
Chapman, Kenneth. 368
Chapman, Robert, 55, 62
Chassin, Lionel Max, 132, 141
Chatelain. Maurice. 382, 384-5
Chavez, Sgt., 344
ChenCaife, 211
ChenChu, 210
Chengdu, 212
Cherkashin, Igor. 244-5
Cherwell, Lord, 30
Chetwynd, George, 51-2
Chidlaw, Benjamin. 272, 290, 436
Chile. 311
Chiles, Clarence, 264, 479
China. 206-19. 357-8, 470-2. 568
China UFO Research Organization, 206, 216, 
219
China UFO Studies Association, 206, 207
Chiumiento, Antonio, 144
Chop, Albert M , 336, 542
Churchill, SirWinston, 29-31, 448
CIRVIS, 283, 284
Cisternas. Marcelo. 311
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS). 3Q0, 327. 
367-8,416-7
Civilian Saucer Committee. 334
Clancarty, Earl of. 73, 75. 101, 103
Clark, Ralph L.. 330, 336, 505
Coca, Ariel. 323
Cochrane. Sir Ralph, 34 5
Cockburn. Sir Robert. 34
Coelho, Valdecir Fernando, 427
Colborn, Scott, 85
Coleman, William T., 289
Collins. Debbie, 110
Collins, Harold B., 34, 43
Collins. PaulT., 15-6. 17
Collinson, Norman. 81
Colorado University, 198. 230. 236. 345-6. 378
Commission for the Investigation ofAnomalous 
Atmospheric Phenomena. 242-3. 246. 247
Condon. Edward. 45. 236, 258, 345-6
Conley. James. 280
Connolly. Kevin. 105
Cononlcy. 116
Conowingo Dam, 282
Contact (UK), 69
Conway, Graham. 200
Cooper, Gordon, 277. 379-81. 385-6
Copeland, Miles, 357-8
Cork & Orrery, Earl of, 102
Cormier. Byrd. 104, 105
Cosford. 56 8
Covas, Albert Gomes. 147
Coyne, Lawrence J.. 302-3
Craig. Roy. 199
Cramp. Leonard, 375-6
Creegan, Robert, 125-6, 353
Creighton, Gordon, 37-8. 44, 49. 121, 129. 136. 
163, 207. 242. 340
Cressy. 167
Crice. Leon. 398
Cuba, 421-2
Current Intelligence Groups. 120
Curtis, Russ, 406, 522
Cybulski. Marian, 32 
D, Mr., 164-6, 171
D-Notices, 55-6
Dale, Alan, 116
Daniels, Wilfred, 57
Darbishirc, Stephen, 39, 377
Darlian, 219
Daudpota, Azim, 433
Davies, Anthony, 45-6, 69
Dayton (Ohio), 355
De Bonise, Alfred, 280
DeCaro, Chuck, 91-2
De Rochefort, Count Nicolas, 348
Dc Vincenti, Gen., 143
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), 70, 233-4, 
306-25, 361, 443, 497-504, 543
Defense Intelligence Staff (D1S), 70, 120, 124
Defense Secretariat 8 (DS8), 59, 88-9
Dempster, Derek, 37, 414-5
Denmark, 19
Depuis, M., 184
Devine, James, 422
Deweys, Thomas, 32
Dewilde, Marius, 130
Deyarmond, Mr., 330
Deyo, Stan, 172
Di Pietro, Antonina, 146
Di Salvatore, Attilo, 146
Dickison, John, 64, 68
Ding Shilian, 217
Dingwall, Eric, 413
Dinxian, 210
Directorate of Service Intelligence, 120
Dishforth, 31, 450
Dodd, Tony, 116-8
Doll, Ed, 399
Dong, Paul, 206-7
Donovan, William, 329
Doolittle, James, 21
DOSAAF, 232, 233
Doty, Richard C, 408
Dowding, Lord, 47-8
Drury, Tom, 162
Du Shengyuan, 216
Dudley, Horace, 198
Duke, Michael, 73
Dulles, Allen, 224, 306, 342
Durant, Frederick C, 336, 349
Durrant, Henry, 19, 555
Dyer, George, 121
Eddie, Mr, 181
Edwards, C. P., 183-4
Edwards, D. M., 186, 191
Edwaids, Frank, 18, 27-8
Efron, Ruben, 224
Eickhoff, Thomas, 341-2
Einstein, Albert, 23
Eisenhower, Dwight, 257, 544
Elmas, 145, 146
Emmet (Idaho), 253
Eng, Mr., 334
Englund, Bruce, 85, 91, 92
Ent AFB, 285
Esposito, Maunzio, 146
Esterlc, Alain, 136, 140
Evans, Hilary, 65
Evans, Leslie, 73
Exercise Mainbrace, 31, 32
Exon, Sen., 93
F-19 Stealth, 79, 560
Falcon Lake, 195-200
Falconbndgc, 202 3
Falkville(Ala.), 301-2
Farlow, Karl, 64-5
Fawcett, Lawrence, 343, 352
Federal Aviation Agency (FAA), 432
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 253, 266, 
267, 271, 333, 475, 483, 527, 541
Fenoglio, Alberto, 227-8
Feoktistov, Konstantin, 229
Ferenz, Stephen, 405, 522
Fernandes, Joaquim, 154
Ferrando, J. L., 380
Ferreira, Jose Lemos, 147-8
Findley, Dr., 315
Finland, 14, 15, 19, 307-8
Fitch, C. W., 188
Fitzgerald, Desmond, 357
Flath, Cpl., 281
Fontes, OlavoT., 426-7
Forrestal, James V., 258, 544, 546, 551
Fort Halstead, 78-9
Fort Meade, 280-1, 416
Fortenberry, W H , 269
Fosh, J. S., 100
Fournet, Dewey, 271, 336, 337
Fowler, Omar, 109-10
Fowler, Raymond, 23, 300-1, 398, 400
Fox, Richard, 317-8
Fractional Orbital Bombardment System (FOBS), 
239
France, 129-41
Frank, Charles, 22
Frankel, Henry, 371-3
Fraser, Hugh, 57
Frazier, Anthony D., 405, 522
Freeman, George, 298-9
Freemantle, Brian, 362
Frecth, Gordon, 171
Friedman, Stanton, 257, 420, 435-6, 438-9
Friedman, William F., 391, 580
Frosch, Robert, 368-9
Frost, John, 225-6
Fumoux, Jean-Charles, 400-1
Furmin, 1 Y., 221-3
Fylingdales, 67, 113
Galley, Robert, 129, 140
Gammie, Bert, 194
Gander, 200-1
Gansu Province, 210
Gardin, Walter, 172-3
Gardner, Robert, 272
Garland, William H., 336
Garreau, Charles, 134
Gamdo, Jose, 156
Gatwick Airport, 72
Gaydon, 50-1
Gebauer, Leo, 390, 394
Gehman, Ernest, 291
Gemini 4, 378-9
Gemini 7, 378
GEPAN, 135-7, 139-40
Gersten, Peter, 305, 306, 327-8, 416-7. 419
Gesell, Judge, 417, 419
Getman, A. L. 233
Gilles, Jean, 134, 135-6, 400
Gindilis, L. M , 222-3
Girvan, Wavency, 55, 57, 437
Giscard d'Estaing, President, 135, 136
Gobi Desert. 208-9. 210, 568
Goddard, Sir Victor, 27
Godfrey, Alan, 118-9
Godman AFB, 263
Goldwater, Barry, 288, 404-5
Goodhart, Sir Philip, 78-9
Goose Bay, 190-1
Gorbachev, Mikhail, 249
Gordon, Dick, 377, 379
Gorky, 243
Goudsmit, Samuel, 336
Government Communications Headquarters 
(GCHQ), 56, 120-1, 325, 340, 420
Graham, Lee, 405
Grant, John, 91
Grant, Patricia, 115, 116
Graves, Sclman E., 394-7
Gray, Gordon L., 258-9
Gray, Tony, 56
Greece, 19, 23
Green, Hughie, 572
Greenhaw, Jeff, 301-2
Green well, John, 98
Greenwood, Barry, 343, 351, 352
Greffet, Charles, 315, 316
Grime, George, 32
Gris, Henry, 240, 242
GRU, 223
Gu Ying, 208-9
Guerin, Pierre, 136-9
Guild, William, 267
Gunston, Bill, 222
Haines, Richard, 178
Halifax (N.S.), 184
Hall, Alan N., 349, 351
Hall, Maureen, 71
Hall, Richard H., 349, 350
Halt, Charles, 80-1, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 
89-91,92-3,95.96, 217,456
Hamley, P. H., 35
Harder, James, 346, 438
Harris, Harry, 89
Hart, C. R.,289
Hathaway, E. U.. 224,225
Hayashi, Fujio, 430
Hayes, Sqdn. Ldr., 104, 105
Healey, Denis, 59
Healey, John, 302, 303
Heath, Edward, 60
Heath, Ronald, 41-2
Heathrow Airport, 52, 71, 72
Heflin, Rex, 298
Heiland, Carl A., 390
Heilongjiang Province, 217
Henderson, A., 59
Henderson, Garry, 381, 385
Hemu, Charles, 139
Heseltine, Michael, 94
Hewitt, Adm., 20
Hillenkoetter, Roscoe, 258, 259, 289, 333, 346-7, 
444,544
Hill-Norton, Lord, 75, 94-5, 102, 123-4, 125
Hirano, Akira, 430
Hobana, Ion, 229, 234
Holcomb, Lt., 271
Holmes, E.R.T., 28
Holloman AFB, 403
Holt, Alan, 381-2
Home Office, 58, 119
Hoover, J. Edgar, 541
Hopkins, Budd, 168
Horseshoe Lagoon, 170, 171
Hough, Pvt., 281
House of Lords All-Party UFO Study Group, 75, 
112
Howard, James, 189-91
Hsieh Chu, 215
Huaihua, 214
Hucker, Peter M., 88-9, 112, 115
Huffer, Charles, 307, 321
Huffman (Tex.), 303-5, 404
Hughes, G. V., 179-80
Hunsaker, Jerome C, 258, 259, 390
Hunt, Stewart, 198-9
Hurtado, Nataniel, 323
Hynek, J. Allen, 169, 220, 248, 289-90, 330, 
336, 338-9, 343, 351, 352, 353, 367, 373, 
382
Indonesia, 429
Institute for Aerospace Studies, 193
Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit (IPU), 267, 389, 
390, 484
Iran, 318-22,497-502
Isaacs, Mr., 36
Isfield, 115-6,457 
lshikawa, Kanshi, 430
Isles, Paul, 115
Istrana Air Base, 143-4
Italy, 19, 141-7
Jacobs, Robert, 292-3
James, Barry, 149
JANAP, 191-2, 283, 443
Japan, 429-32
Jenkins, Brian, 61-2
Jerome, Edwin A., 290
Jezzi, Arrigo, 302, 303
J. K.,404
Johnson, Harry, 61
Johnson, T. S., 35, 53
Joint Air Reconnaissance Center (JAR1C), 125
Joint Chiefs of Staff, 282, 283, 321
Joint Intelligence Bureau, 121, 166
Joint Intelligence Committee (J1C), 120
Jones, E. Douglas, 29
Jones, Sir George, 161
Jones, Harry, 383
Jones, R V., 21-2
Jordao, Marcio, 428
Jung, C. G., 439-40
Kanon, Gregory, 201
Kaplan, Joseph, 266
Kapustin Yar, 221
Karyakin, Oleg, 241
Kazantsev, Aleksandr, 384
Keeble, Tom, 172
Keegan, George, 240
Keel, John, 14
Keirn, Donald J., 289
Kelley, Clarence M., 253, 475
Kempf, C. R., 21
Kenora, 200
Kervendal, Capt., 134 
Keyhoe, Donald, 265, 286-7. 310. 338, 339. 346, 
347, 348,349, 350, 351. 542
KGB, 232, 238, 241-2, 248, 352
Khan, Farooq, 318
Khan, Rasul, 318
Khrunov, E. V., 238
Kidd, J. L., 282
Kilbum, John, 31-2
Kilgallen, Dorothy, 43- 4. 231
Killian, Peter, 284
Kimberley. Earl of, 73, 101, 103
Kingman (Ariz.), 398-400
Kirtland AFB, 405-8, 522, 528
Klass, Philip J., 150, 240, 261, 345, 348, 363, 
368
Knox, US Navy Secretary, 16
Kodak Co., 170-1, 182
Komarov, Vladimir, 229
Komura, Hideki. 431
Korea, 316-7
Kozlov, Gennadi. 244
Krylov. M. M., 237
Kubota, Shiro, 430-1
Kyogle, 174
La Plume, Steven, 92
Labrador, 189-91
Lagarde, Femand, 136
Lakenheath, 44-6, 51
Landrum, Colby, 303-5
Landrum, Vickie, 303-5
Langelaan, George, 133, 232
Langford-Holt, Sir John. 60, 67
Langley AFB, 269, 404
Langmuir. Dr., 330
Lanzhou, 218
LaPaz, Lincoln, 266
Las Bardcnas Realcs. 151-2, 459
Lasich, William, 163
Lazurin, Gennadi, 244
Leary (Ga.), 368
Leatherland, Lord, 103
Leavey, J. A., 46-7
Lechkoutsov, Vladimir, 234
Lee,John, 113-4
Lee Green, 35-6
Leeds, 72-3
LeMay, Curtis, 404
Lenin, 248-9
Leon, Padron. 153-4, 460
Leping, Cha, 206
Leshkovtsev, V., 234
Leslie, Desmond, 39, 40, 53, 557
Levy, Paul, 383
Lewis, Steve, 305
Lexow, W. E., 342
Liang Renglin, 219
Lima, Otavo Julio, 428
Lin Bing-Xiang, 211
Lintiao, 213-4
Lipp, Dr., 330
Lisbon, 154
Lithuania, 236-7
Liu Zhangzhou, 210
Lomhard, Charles, 349
Long, Cheryl M.,419
Long, Viscount, 101-4
Lorenzen, Coral, 352
Lorenzen, Jim. 352
Los Alamos, 265-6, 267-8. 334. 406
Los Angeles, 15-7, 446
Lovcll, James, 377-8, 385
Low, Richard, 345, 346
Low, Robert J., 230, 236
Lowman, Paul D., 376
Lowry AFB, 274
Luda, 208
Ludoritz. 422
Lundahl. Mr., 345
Lwoff, Andre, 401
MacArthur. Douglas, 267
McAshan, James, 290
Maccabec, Bruce, 253
McCarthy, Colin, 163
McConc. John A., 350
McCormick. Donald. 120
McDill AFB, 404
McDivitt, James, 377, 378-9
MacDonald, Donald, 199
McDonald, James. 98, 173. 369
MacDonald Airport. 184-5
McGarey, Robert. 371, 372, 437
Machle, Dr., 330
McKay, Henry. 195
McLaughlin, Comdr.. 333
McLeaish. John, 384. 386
McMahon, William. 162
McNamara, Allen. 187, 192
McNamara, Robert. 306
Macneill, Rupert. 192-3
McSherry. Peter, 76-7, 78-9. 217
Madison (Wis.), 356-7
Madrid, 149-50, 151, 157
Magee, M., 298
Mahoney, Tim. 115
Majestic 12, 183. 188. 257-60. 265, 278. 333. 
363, 389-90. 416, 435. 439. 544-51
Malstrom AFB, 301
Mantre, Benito, 144-5
Manhattan Project, 258. 332, 339. 390
Manifold. Roy, 181
Manocchia. Benny. 380
Mansell, Derek, 69. 100, 228. 432-3
Mansfield (Ohio). 302-3
Mansmann, Florenz J , 292-3
Mantell, Thomas. 262-3. 481
Mao Tse Tung. 201, 211
Maralinga, 163
Marcel, Jesse. 254-6, 262
Marcelino, Manuel Neves, 147
Marchetti. Victor, 232. 363, 364-5
Mariano Melgar. 324
Marinho. Kleber Caldas, 427. 582
Marks. John, 363
Marshall, George C . 17. 267, 389. 391, 414-5. 
434, 446
Martinez, U. D . 309
Marynov, D . 236
Mason. Roy, 52
Masse. Maurice. 133-4
Massey, Lt. Gen.. 18, 27-8
Massy. Hugh R S.. 27
Mather, Barry, 199-200
Maury. John. 349-50
Maxwell AFB. 284-5, 493-4
Mayher, Ralph C . 355
Mclc. Vincent. 171
Melville, Brig., 423
Melville Sound, 285
Menzel. Donald H., 220, 231, 258, 259, 278-9, 
548
Menzies. Robert, 164
Mercurv7. 377, 381
Mcratn 8. 385
Meskell, John, 169
Messel, Harry, 167
Metzle, M., 140
Michalak, Stephen, 195-200. 204
Michel, Aime, 130, 132
Migulin, Dr., 237
Mildren, Lt. Col , 267
Miller, John, 233
Millman, Peter. 186, 187, 188
Mills, Peter, 65-6
Milthorp, Richard, 115
Ministry of Defense (MoD), 27, 28, 32, 33-4, 45- 
6. 58-9, 60-1, 64, 65-72, 74. 80, 81, 84. 
87-9, 94-5, 96, 97, 102-5, 112-4. 115, 
120. 121-6, 168. 325, 340
Ministry of Technology, 74
Minot AFB, 301
Mitchell. David, 114
Mitchell, Edgar, 382-3
Moeller, Walter H., 288
Moigne Downs, 63-4. 455
Moncla. Felix, Jr., 273
Montague, Robert M.. 258, 259
Moore, Olden. 291
Moore, William, 257, 262. 392, 419
More I and. Donald, 81
Morgan, Sam, 89, 91
Morland. Senor, 157
Morris, Lord, 103
Moscow, 228. 238-9, 240-1, 248
Mountbatten, Louis, Earl. 39-42, 44, 451, 557
Mount Batten (RAF), 99-100
Muirfield. Roger, 55
Mustel, E.. 235-6
Myers, Adrian, 39, 377
Nakamura, Toshio. 430-1
Nash. William, 269
National Aeronautics & Space Administration 
(NASA), 366 87.515
National Investigations Committee on Aerial 
Phenomena (NICAP), 166, 286, 287, 289. 
346-52. 371
National Reconnaissance Office (NRO). 242. 299- 
300, 366. 382
National Research Council (NRC). 184, 186, 187. 
192*3, 195, 198, 467
National Security Agency (NSA), 70. 120-1, 125, 
174-5, 259, 273, 278, 280, 284. 285, 286. 
321, 324, 325, 327, 328, 362-3. 369, 382, 
391, 416-26. 434. 488. 493. 535-9
National Security Council, 259. 328. 329. 335
Nazarov, Y. G., 238
Neasham. R. S.. 336
Nevells, Set.. 91
New Zealand, 313-5, 432-3
Newton, Silas. 394, 395
Nineham, Roy, 65
Nixon. G. Stuart, 348
Nocher, Jean. 129
Noel, Mel, 273-7. 573
Norman. Paul, 160. 178
Norris, Geoffrey, 47
Noms. Peter, 169
North American Aerospace Defense Command 
(NORAD), 104, 202-3, 298-9, 300-1, 
356, 379, 468-9
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), 
144-5
North West Cape, 174-5
Norway, 14, 15, 21
Novelli, Bruno, 114
Novelli, Ruth, 114
Noyes, Ralph. 34-5, 46, 59, 88 9, 93-5, 122, 
123, 124
Nurjadin, Roesmin, 429
Oak Ridge, 334
Oatway, H. C, 186
Oberg, James, 240, 242
Oberth, Hermann, 370
Odarenko, T. M., 341
Odell, William C, 290
Oder, F. C, 336
Odin. Charles L., 281
Official Secrets Act, 55-6, 72, 433
Ognev, Igor. 244
Oilinger, S. R., 229
Oliveira, Salvador Alberto, 147
Ontario Hydro Commission Plant. 98
Oppenheimer, J. Robert, 390, 413
Orly Airport, 131
Orr. William, 169
Orr-Ewing, Charles. 47, 51
Ortega. Augusto Vars, 310
Osborne, F. M , 174
Ota Air Base. 147
Pace, Antony, 67-8
Padellero, Franco, 146
Padrick, Sid. 293-8
Page, Thornton. 336, 337
Pakistan. 318
Paradise Valley (Ariz.). 394-7
Paris. R., 32
Parreno. Comandante, 154
Patterson. Gordon. 193
Pearson, Susan, 72-3
Pedley. George. 170
Peking, 206-7
Perego, Alberto, 48, 141-3
Perisse. Daniel. 310
Percy. George, 279
Peru. 324, 503-4
Peterson. Col.. 274. 573
Petit. Jean-Pierre. 140
Petrozavodsk. 247
Pezzi. Gen.. 143
Pflock. Karl. 348
Philip. Prince. 39
Phillips, Colin, 166
Pincher, Chapman. 11, 56
Pinotti, Robert, 227
P. J., 402-3
Plains of San Agustin, 256-7
Platov. Dr . 237
Ple^tsk. 239
Plymouth UFO Research Group (PUFORG), 98- 
100
Poher. Claude, 135, 136
Poland. Col.. 265 
Poole, Ronald, 115
Popov, Yuri, 223
Popov (A. S.) Society, 237-8
Popovitch, George, 188
Popovitch, Pavel, 243
Port Moresby, 162, 355
Porto Alegre, 311-2
Portugal, 19, 147-8, 154-6, 564
Possony, Stephen T., 336
PoMlethwait, V. A., 392-3
Pratt, J. C, 186
Press, Frank, 368-9
Previn, Andre, 381
Price, William, 345
Project Aquarius, 260, 425-6, 528
Project Blue Book, 32, 186, 267, 338, 442-3, 549
Project Magnet, 183-6, 187, 204
Project Moon Dust, 312-3, 322
Project Second Story, 186-8, 189
Project Sigma, 423
Project Sign, 268, 330, 391, 549
Project Snowbird, 305, 425
Project Tora, 240
Project VISIT, 382
Project "Y," 225-6
Public Record Office, 28, 32, 33
Purvine, Bruce, 408
Pushie, John, 194
Qilou, 211
Quarouble, 130-1
Queensland Flying Saucer Research Bureau 
(QFSRB), 164-6, 170-1
Quintanella, Hector, 345
Rachford, Dr., 345
Ramey, Roger, 255
Ramos, Comandante, 158
Randies, Jenny, 81, 84, 118. 163
Rankeillour, Lord, 74
Rapid City, 355
Reagan, Ronald, 249
Reeder, D. B, 297
Rees, Murlyn, 65-6
Rehn, Gosta, 44
Rcida, Alvah M., 19
Rcndlcsham Forest, 79-96
Reuterswaerd, Erik, 22
Reuterswacrd, Maj. Gen., 13
Riaz, Mohammad, 318
Ribera, Antonio, 149
Riccardelli, Lt., 145
Ridpath, Ian, 89, 91
Rist, Martin I., 405
Roach, Franklin D., 230, 378
Roberts, Steve. 82, 83
Robertson, D. F , 192
Robertson, H. P., 336
Robertson Panel, 258. 328. 335-9, 349, 352, 353
Robey, Steve, 175-7. 178
Robinson, Timothy, 62
Robson, B. E., 57
Rochester (Kent). 50
Rodeffer, Madeleine. 374, 376-7, 429
Rodngucs, Jose Francisco, 154-6
Rogers, Lt., 269,487
Romani. Romolo, 145
Rome. 141-3
Room 801, 49
Roosevelt, Franklin, 17, 446
Ross, David, 70
Roswell (N.M.), 254-7, 261-2, 333, 407, 434. 
547-8
Rothblatt, Henry, 327
Royal Air Force (RAF), 31-3, 35, 36-8, 43, 44- 
5, 47, 48-9, 50-1, 52, 53, 54, 56-8, 59, 
60-2, 63, 65, 67, 79-82, 97, 99-100, 
104-5, 113, 114, 121-5, 163, 423, 450
Royal Aircraft Establishment, 22, 64
Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), 160-2, 163, 
165, 167-8, 169, 170, 171-2, 174, 178, 
181, 182
Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF), 186, 191-2, 
194, 198, 199
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), 194-5, 
198, 199
Rudloc Manor, 122-5
Ruppcit, Edward, 32, 264-5, 270, 272, 287, 336, 
339
Rusbridger, James, 121
Russell, H., 29
Russell, Richard B., 224, 288
Russell, Ronald R , 33
Rutkowski, Chris, 195, 199
Ryan, Thomas, 224
Rybinsk, 227
S4 (Air), 58-9, 63, 67-9
Sadaba, 152
Saint Anthony (Newfoundland), 201
St. Davids, Viscount, 103
St. Laurent, Louis, 187
Salandin, James R., 36-8, 54
Saldanha, Jose Vicente, 155
Salisbury, Frank, 220
Saltonstall, Leverctt B , 288
Salutun, J., 429
Salyer, Walt, 394-7
Samford, Maj. Gen., 278
Sanarov, Valern, 247-8
Sandiland, Lt. Col., 308
Sandy Hook (N J.), 269
San Rafael (Calif.), 278
Santa Ana (Calif.), 298
Santa Cruz (Bolivia), 322-3
Santonni, Paul, 23
Santos, Vitor, 156
Sarbacher, Robert, 183, 370-1, 397, 413-4, 434, 
519-21,525-6
Sarney, Jose, 428
Sarnoff, David, 21-2
Sarychogan, 240
Sassoon, Sir Philip, 14
Saunders, David R., 339, 345
Scherer, Gordon H , 342
Scherer, Paul A., 391
Schidel, J. M., 282
Schirmer, Herbert, 441
Schirra, Walter, 385
Schnec, Nikita, 238
Scholes, Gordon, 182
Schofield, Lt. Col., 36
Schrevc, Bill, 270
Schreyer, Ed, 199
Schuessler, John, 305
Schulgen, Brig. Gen., 260 1, 262
Schwarz, Bcrthoki, 408-13
Schweinfurt. 28
Sciacca, Thomas P , Jr., 373
Scott, Ralph J., 288
Scully, Frank, 388-9, 39K 392, 394, 395, 397, 
519
Seal Chart, 77
Secret Intelligence Service (SIS, MI6), 21, 56, 
120, 121, 231-2, 326, 340, 412, 431
Security Service (M15), 56, 70, 120
Seers, Stan, 163, 164-6, 169, 170-1
Senn, Charles, 369, 519
Sept lies, 200
Sevenoaks, 28-9, 77
Sha Yongkao, 213
Shandera, Jaime, 257
Shanghai, 208
Shanxi Airport, 213
Sheaffer, Robert, 368
Sheldon, Charles, 349
Sheng Heng Yen, 206
Sherwood, William T., 374-5, 37t> 
Shinwell, Lord, 103
Shirleys Bay, 185-6
Silva, Alcir Pereira da, 427
Silva, Ozircs, 427
Silver Spring (Md ), 374-7, 429
Slayton, Donald, 383
Smith, David, 61-2
Smith, Edward J., 253-4
Smith, Gordon, 172-3
Smith, Walter Bedell, 224, 259, 328, 511, 544, 
546
Smith, Warren, 329-30, 333, 356-7, 358-9
Smith, Wesley S., 336
Smith, Wilbert B., 183-9, 203-5, 397, 434, 464- 
6, 519-21
Smythe, G., 35, 53
Socorro (N.M.), 343-5, 371
Solandt, O M , 184, 186, 465-6
Solomon Islands, 18
Soo Locks <Mich.), 273
Souers, Sidney W., 258, 259
South African Air Force (SAAF), 422-3
Soviet Union, 21-2, 65-6, 220-49, 307, 308, 
318. 330, 332, 334-5, 336, 337, 347, 348, 
372, 473,543
Spain, 149-54, 156-9, 317-8, 459
Sparks, Brad, 343, 350, 421
Spaulding, William, 355
Special Branch, 70
Sperry, Capt., 284
Stanford, Ray, 344, 371-3, 437-8
Stanford University, 362
Stanway, Roger, 67-8
Steiger, Brad, 357
Steinman, William, 259, 389-90, 391, 392, 
393-4,413
Sterling, Ross, 305
Stevens, Fit. Lt., 57
Stevens, Ralph, 253
Stevenson, D. B , 336
Stolyarov, Porfiri, 230, 232-6, 473-4
Strabolgi, Lord, 11-2, 74, 102
Strand, Howard, 290
Strawderman, Larry R., 361-2
Street, Dot. 81, 83, 84
Strickland Lee 354
StringnW, Leonard, 254, 392-3, 394, 398, 400, 
' 402, 403, 404
Strong, Philip G., 336
Sumatra, 19
Surrey Investigation Group on Aerial Phenomena 
(SIGAP), 110
Sverdlovsk, 227
Sweden, 13 4, 15, 20-3, 447
Sweeney, D. W., 51-2
Sydney (N.S.), 194
Sylvester, Arthur, 290
Tangier, 19
Tanq, Capt ,318
Tauss, Edward, 330-1
Taylor, Edward, 66
Tebbs, Lynsey, 72-3
Teerikorpi, Pekka, 239
Tehran, 318-22, 497-502
Tcjada, Francisco Lerdo dc, 156-7
Teller, Edward, 265
Terauchi, Kenju, 432, 532
Thames Television, 81
Thatcher, Margaret, 60
Thiebaud, K. E., 280
Thomson, Albert, 32
Thome, David,, 434
Tiedemann, Herbert A , 376
Tientsin, 215-6
Titchmarsh, Mrs., 81
Todd, Robert, 421
Todmorden, 118-9
Toffan, Bill, 194-5
Tombaugh, Clyde, 333-4
Topcliffe, 31-2,450
Traing Province, 209
Travis, Mollic, 40, 41, 44
Trefgarnc, Lord, 94-5
Trefry, Edward, 195
Trudeau, Pierre, 193
Truman, Harry, 257, 259, 416, 544, 551
Tsaldaris, M., 23
Turner, Stansfield, 325, 362-3
Tuve, Merle A , 390
Twining, Nathan F., 258, 259-60, 260-2, 280, 
476-8, 548
Tykhonov, Arkadii, 235
United Nations, 277, 379-80
Upper Heyford, 104-5
US Air Force (USAF), 30-1, 32, 44-5, 63, 79 
96, 104-5, 162, 166-7, 186, 190, 202-3, 
225, 260-4, 264-7, 268, 269, 270-7, 278- 
80, 281-2, 283-7, 288-90, 291, 292-3, 
297-9, 305, 313, 328, 329, 331, 333-4, 
335-7, 338-9, 347, 349, 350, 355-6, 362, 
364, 369, 398-400, 404-7, 420, 439-40, 
442-3, 487-96, 522-3, 528-9, 540, 560
US Army, 17, 258, 265, 266, 267, 280-1, 302-3, 
305, 306, 308, 334, 364, 370, 389, 392, 
482, 484-5
US Department of State, 20, 22, 235, 322, 447, 
473
US Intelligence Board, 258
US Navy, 17, 253, 268-9, 291, 305, 306, 308, 
314, 350, 372, 401-2, 403, 426, 486, 530
Utt, James B., 299
Valdehijaderos, 317
Valensole, 133-4
Valentich, Frederick, 160, 175-82, 214, 461-3
Valentich, Guido, 178, 180-1 
Vallfc, Jacques, 220, 230
Valley, George E,, 268
Valnet, Lt. CoL, 134
Vance, Cyrus, 322
Vandenberg, Hoyt S., 33-5, 258, 260, 264-5
Vandenberg AFB, 292-3
Van Valkenberg, Horace B., 390
Van Winkle, Matthew, 283
Velasco, Jean-Jacques, 137, 139, 140
Victorian UFO Research Society, 161, 173
Viriato de Freitas, Armindo Souza, 428, 582
Visse, LeonB., 400-1
Viveras, Gonzalo Menacho, 323
Volgograd, 230
Von Braun, Wernher, 370-1, 413
Von Kantian, Theodore, 266
Von Neumann, John, 390-413
Voskhod 7,229
Voskhodll, 229-30
Vostnikhin, V.,243
Waggoner, Miles, 367-8
Walker, Joseph A., 366
Walker, Lewis, 314-5
Wall, Sir Patrick, 43, 66, 87-8, 113-4
Waller, H, 35-6
Wanaque(N.J.), 299
Wang Dingyuan, 214
Wang Jianming, 214-5
WangShuting, 218
Ward, George, 51-2, 53-4, 436
Wardle, 46-7
Ware, Donald, 435
Warren, Larry, 83-4, 85, 86, 92
Warmambool, 160-1
Washington (D.C), 30, 188, 270-2, 350, 353
Watkinson, Harold, 58
Watton, 82, % 
Webb, Walter, 371
Webster, Brian, 88, 89
Weeks, Des, 99
Weitzel, Craig R., 405-7
Welles, Orson, 414
Wells, H. G., 248-9, 414
Werner, Fritz, 398-400
West, Nigel, 120
West, Terri, 114
West Drayton, 82, 125
West Freugh, 48-9
West Mailing, 35-6, 53
Westward Television, 100
Wetzel, Julia, 425
Weverbergh, Julien, 229, 234
Whedon, Spencer, 290
White, Ed, 379
White, Robert, 366
White Sands (N.M.), 186, 332, 333, 354-5, 
392-3
Whitman, Dr., 332
Whittcd, John B., 264
Whitworth, Walter, 48
Wigram, Andrew, 39
Willemstyn, Jan, 151
Williams, Gordon, 82, 86, 92- 3
Wilson, Gene F., 353
Wilson, Harold, 60, 67
Wikon, R. R., 273
Wimbledon, F.H.C.,45
Winchester, 62
Woo, Henry, 336
Wood, Frank, 71
Woodbridge, 79-96, 217, 456
Woodward, A. R., 179
Wright-Patterson AFB, 32, 124, 255, 261, 276, 
313-4, 364, 389, 400, 401-2, 403-5
Xingkiang Province, 210
Xuginglong, 214
Yanacsek, Robert, 302-3
Yeates, Eugene, 418, 422
Ycgorov, Boris, 229
Yorkshire UFO Society (YUFOS), 70, 112
Youscfi,B. G., 319
Zaitsev, V., 220
Zamora, Lonnie, 343-5, 371
Zechcl, Todd, 163, 326-7, 348-9, 354-5, 364, 
397-8, 420-21
Zcissig, Kurt, 289
Zhang Laigui, 219
Zhangpo County, 211
Zhang Zhousheng, 212
Zheltukhin, Nikolai, 246
Zhou Qingtong, 213-4
Zickler, Malcolm, 91, 92
Ziegler, Philip, 40, 42
Zigcl. Felix Yurevich, 220, 221, 223, 226-7, 232, 
233, 234, 235, 236, 238, 239, 240-1, 
473-4
Zimbabwe, 433-4
Zinsstag, Lou, 374, 380, 381
Zolotov, Aleksci, 239, 242
Zoppi, Francesco, 145


=========================================================================
PHOTO GALLERY

Above: This damaged and retouched photograph by a Los Angeles Times 
reporter shows searchlight beams converging on a mysterious aerial intruder over 
the Culver City area of Los Angeles on the morning of 25 February 1942. The UFO 
can just be made out. The small blobs of light are not UFOs, but bursts of anti- 
aircraft shells. 1,430 rounds of ammunition were fired at the UFOs during the five- 
hour alarm, as confirmed by General Marshall. (Los Angeles Times) 
Below left: General George Marshall, US Army Chief of Staff in World War II and 
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs (1947-49). In 1951 General Marshall 
informed Dr Rolf Alexander that the US authorities had established contact with 
UFOs, and that some of the craft and occupants had actually been retrieved. 
(Imperial War Museum) 
Below right: An Associated Press story reporting on the *foo-fighter' sightings, 
13 December 1944. (Gordon Creighton) 
Above: 'What does all this stuff about flying saucers amount to? What can it mean.

What is the truth? Let me have a report at your convenience.' Prime Minister 
Winston Churchill, in a minute to the Secretary of State for Air, Lord Cherwell, 
28 July 1952. (Popperfoto) 
Below left: '.. . More than 10,000 sightings have been reported, the majority of 
which cannot be accounted for by any 'scientific* explanation. ... I am convinced 
that these objects do exist and that they are not manufactured by any nation on 
earth.. . .' Air Chief Marshal Lord Dowding, Commander-in-Chief of RAF Fighter 
Command during the Battle of Britain, 11 July 1954. (Imperial War Museum) 
Below right: Ralph Noyes, former head of Defence Secretariat 8, a division in the 
central staffs of the Ministry of Defence which dealt with UFO reports from 
members of the public. While with DS8, Noyes was shown gun-camera film clips of 
UFOs taken by RAF pilots. (Author) 
James Salandin, whose sketch of three UFOs he encountered while flying in a 
Meteor jet on 14 October 1954, is shown below. One of the objects nearly collided 
with his plane. (Author) Bottom: A Gloster Meteor 8, similar to the aircraft Salandin 
was flying when the incident occurred. (Quadrant/Flight International) 

Above left: Balloon or UFO? This object was seen by thousands as it hovered over 
London and the home counties for several hours on 1 August 1963. While it is 
probable that it was a tetrahedral balloon released from Germany, its ability to 
remain stationary in the field of view of a telescope is still puzzling. This 
photograph was taken by an amateur astronomer through a 4-inch refractor 
telescope from Bushey in Hertfordshire. He estimated the span to be about 400 feet; 
altitude 80-90,000 feet. (Jan Wittemstyn) 
Above right: Four views of object seen by H.M. Coastguards at Brixham, Devon, on 
28 April 1967, sketched by Brian Jenkins. The witnesses immediately phoned the 
RAF and an aircraft similar to a Lightning interceptor was seen to approach from 
above, and then below the object. Sketch at top right shows size of aircraft in 
comparison to the object which was therefore estimated to be about 200 feet high 
and 150 feet wide at the base. The MoD denied that an aircraft had been sent up 
and the coastguards were told not to discuss the incident. (Brian Jenkins) 
Below left: Police Sergeant Tony Dodd, who together with PC Alan Dale, 
encountered this object (right) in the vicinity of Cononley, near Skipton, Yorkshire, 
in January 1978. (Author) The sketch, by Mark Birdsall of the Yorkshire UFO 
Society, has been approved by Sgt Dodd. (Mark Birdsall/YUFOS) 
.Wove left: Former PC Alan Godfrey encountered this object (right) hovering five 
feet above a road in Todmorden, Yorkshire, in the early hours of 29 November 
1980. Attempts to contact base by both VHF and UHF radio failed. A number of 
other witnesses, including police officers, reported sightings in the vicinity on the 
same morning. (Photo: Author; Sketch: Alan Godfrey) 
Below left: Denise Bishop, who was struck by a thin beam of light from a UFO 
outside her home in Weston Mill, Plymouth, on 10 September 1981, which 
immobilized her for thirty seconds. (Author) The scar on Denise's hand as it 
appeared the following day. A doctor gave his opinion that the scar was similar to a 
burn from a laser beam. (Bob Boyd) 

Above: Part of RAF Rudloe Manor in Wiltshire where, according to information 
received by the author, secret research into UFOs has been carried out for many 
years. This photograph shows the Headquarters, Provost and Security Services. 
(Author) 
Below: Admiral of the Fleet The Lord Hill-Norton GCB, Chief of Defence Staff 
1971-73. 

Above: 'I must say that if listeners could see for themselves the mass of reports 
coming in from the airborne gendarmerie, from the mobile gendarmerie, and from 
the gendarmerie charged with the job of conducting investigations, all of which 
reports are forwarded by us to the National Centre for Space Studies, then they 
would see that it is all pretty disturbing.' M. Robert Galley, French Minister of 
Defence, interviewed by Jean-Claude Bourret, 21 February 1974. (Jacques 
Vainstain) 
Below: Dr Pierre Guerin of the French Institute of Astrophysics, and a Senior 
Research Officer with the National Centre for Scientific Research. 'Unless you are 
in the know and are privy to the highest level of the secrets of the military 
intelligence services', he stated in 1982, 'nobody is capable of knowing for certain 
whether there do exist material, concrete (and therefore irrefutable) proofs of UFOs 
as such.' (Author) 

Above: Stephen Michalak, who encountered a landed UFO {below) near Falcon 
Lake, Canada, on 20 May 1967, is shown in hospital following the incident. When 
Michalak examined and touched the object a blast of hot air struck him, setting his 
clothes alight. He immediately became very ill, suffering initially from nausea and a 
pounding headache, followed by a host of alarming symptoms. Note the peculiar 
pattern of burn marks which matched the ventilation or exhaust grill from which 
the blast emitted. (Photo: Mary Evans Picture Library; Sketch: Canadian UFO 
Report) 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
HATCH 

Above left: Frederick Valentich, the young Australian pilot who disappeared 
together with his Cessna aircraft immediately after reporting a UFO hovering above 
him on 21 October 1978. (Guido Valentich) 
Above right: 'Unidentified flying objects are a very serious subject which we must 
study fully. We appeal to all viewers to send us details of strange flying craft seen 
over the territories of the Soviet Union. This is a serious challenge to science and we 
need the help of all Soviet citizens. . . .' Professor Felix Zigel of the Moscow 
Aviation Institute, Moscow Central Television, 10 November 1967. (Henry Gris) 
Below: In 1984 the Commission for the Investigation of Anomalous Atmospheric 
Phenomena was established in Moscow under the aegis of the Soviet Academy of 
Sciences. The commission was headed by Pavel Popovitch, who said that there were 
hundreds of UFO reports in the USSR each year and that although most could be 
explained, others could not. (Popperfoto) 

Above left: Dr. Vannevar Bush, who headed the Research and Development Board 
after the war, was mentioned by Wilbert Smith in 1950 as being the head of a small 
group investigating UFOs. That group was Majestic 12, secretly established in 1947. 
(Popperfoto) 
Above right: General Nathan Twining, who as Commanding General of Air 
Materiel Command in 1947 signed a document testifying to the reality of UFOs.

General Twining was also a member of Majestic 12. (Popperfoto) 
Below: President Truman (right) awarding the Distinguished Service Medal to 
Defense Secretary James Forrestal in March 1949. Two months later Forrestal 
committed suicide. He was another member of the Majestic 12 group, established 
under Truman. (Popperfoto) 
Above left: General Hoyt Vandenberg, Director of Central Intelligence (1946-47) 
and another Majestic 12 member. In 1948, as US Air Force Chief of Staff, he 
ordered a Top Secret 'Estimate of the Situation* by Air Technical Intelligence 
Center - which suggested that UFOs were interplanetary - to be destroyed. 
(Imperial War Museum) 

Above right: 'It is time for the truth to be brought out. . . . Behind the scenes high- • 
ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But through 
official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying 
objects are nonsense. . . .' Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, Director of the CIA 
(1947-50), and a member of Majestic 12, in a letter to Congress, 1960. (CIA) 
Below left: 'The Central Intelligence Agency has reviewed'the current situation....

Since 1947, approximately 2,000 official reports of sightings have been received and, 
of these, about 20% are as yet unexplained. It is my view that this situation has 
possible implications for our national security which transcend the interests of a 
single service. . ..' General Walter Bedell Smith, Director of the CIA (1950-53), in 
a 1952 memorandum to the National Security Council. (Imperial War Museum) 
Below right: *.. . The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States 
Government, rating higher even than the H-bomb. Flying saucers exist. Their 
modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made by a small group 
headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.. . .* Wilbert Smith, in a Top Secret Canadian 
Government memorandum, 21 November 1950. (Van's Studio Ltd) 
Above left: A UFO photographed by a US Marine Air Group pilot over the North 
East China Sea during the Korean War. The object came relatively close to the 
aircraft then flew off at over 1,000 mph, increased acceleration and disappeared. 
{W. Gordon Allen) 
Above right: Mel Noel, a USAF pilot who took gun-camera movie film of UFOs in 
1953 and 1954 while flying special reconnaissance missions to search for UFOs. 
{Author) 
Below: An F-86 Sabre jet of the type flown by Noel.

Above left: Major Donald Keyhoe on CBS TV in January 1958 when he was cut off 
the air in the middle of making a statement testifying to the reality of UFOs, as 
confirmed for him by Pentagon sources. (CBS) 

Above right: *... several days in a row we sighted groups of metallic, saucer-shaped 
vehicles at great altitudes over the base [Germany, 1951] and we tried to get close to 
them, but they were able to change direction faster than our fighters. I do believe 
UFOs exist and that the truly unexplained ones are from some other technically 
advanced civilization.' Gordon Cooper, former USAF pilot and NASA 
astronaut, United Nations UFO Debate, 27 November 1978. (Popperfoto) 
Below left: X-15 pilot Joe Walker after attaining a new speed record of 3,370 mph 
in the rocket-powered plane on 25 May 1961. A year later Walker admitted that it 
was one of his tasks to look for UFOs during his flights in the X-15, and he filmed 
some objects during another record-breaking flight in April 1962. (Popperfoto) 
Below right: Astronaut Scott Carpenter at the press conference following his 
problematic orbital flight in Mercury 7 on 24 May 1962. It is rumoured that 
Carpenter encountered a UFO on the flight but he denies this. (Popperfoto) 

Above right: 'I'm one of those guys who has never seen a UFO. But I've been asked, 
and I've said publicly I thought they were somebody else; some other civilization. . ..' 
Eugene Cernan, Apollo 17 Commander, 1973. (NASA) 
Below left: In 1974 Professor Hermann Oberth, the great pioneer of space travel, 
wrote in UFO News, 'It is my conclusion that UFOs do exist, are very real, and are 
spaceships from another or more than one solar system. They are possibly manned 
by intelligent observers who are members of a race carrying out long-range 
scientific investigations of our earth for centuries. . . .' (Author) 
Below right: One of four polaroid photos taken by Police Chief Jeff Greenhaw near 
Falkville, Alabama, on 17 October 1973. The 'spaceman' then ran off, taking huge 
paces, and the policeman was unable to catch up in his patrol car. Greenhaw 
suffered a spate of bad luck following the incident: someone burned down his 
mobile home; his car engine blew up; he was asked to resign from his job, and his 
wife left him. (Jeff Greenhaw) 

Above: *A purely psychological explanation is ruled out.. . the discs show signs of 
intelligent guidance, by quasi-human pilots . . . the authorities in possession of 
important information should not hesitate to enlighten the public as soon and as 
completely as possible.' Dr Carl Gustav Jung, 1954. (Douglas Glass/Popperfotd) 
Below: A British Aerospace Hawk of the Air Force of Zimbabwe. On 22 July 1985 
two Hawks were scrambled from Thornhill AFB to investigate a UFO that had 
been tracked on radar and seen by many. When the Hawks arrived above Bulawayo 
the UFO accelerated vertically from 7,000 to 70,000 feet in less than a minute. The 
Hawks returned to base where the object was still visible for a few minutes before 
disappearing at high speed. (Air Force of Zimbabwe) 

Above left:'... In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better 
explanation than that thus far given by the Air Force, I strongly recommend that 
there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomena. I think we owe it to the 
people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible 
enlightenment on this subject.' Former President Gerald Ford, in a letter he sent as 
a Congressman to L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman of the Armed Services Committee, 
28 March 1966. (Popperfoto) 
Above right: 'If I become President, I'll make every piece of information this 
country has about UFO sightings available to the public, and the scientists. I am 
convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one. . ..' Former President Jimmy 
Carter during his election campaign in May 1976. (Popperfoto) 
Below: Meeting at the United Nations on 14 July 1978 to discuss the need for UN 
support for UFO studies. Left to right: Gordon Cooper, Jacques Valine, Claude 
Poher, J. Allen Hynek, Prime Minister of Grenada Sir Eric Gairy, UN Secretary 
General Kurt Waldheim and (near right) David Saunders. In 1967 former UN 
Secretary General U Thant confided to friends that he considered UFOs to be the 
most important problem facing the UN next to the war in Vietnam. (United 
Nations/Saw Lwin) 

QUILL 
WILLIAM MORROW 
NEW YORK 
