=================================================================================
Title Pages

The UFO Evidence, Volume II
A Thirty-Year Report
Richard H. Hall
The Scarecrow Press, Inc.
Lanham, Maryland, and London
2000
SCARECROW PRESS, INC.
Published in the United States of America
by Scarecrow Press, Inc.
A wholly owned subsidiary of
The Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group, Inc.
4501 Forbes Boulevard, Suite 200, Lanham, Maryland 20706
www.scarecrowpress.com
POBox317
Oxford
OX29RU,UK

British Library Cataloguing in Publication Information Available
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
The UFO Evidence. Volume II, A
Thirty-year report I Richard H. Hall [editor].
p. em.
Patterned after an earlier report published: Washington, D.C. :National
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 1964.
Includes bibliographical references.
ISBN 978-0-8108-3881-9
1. Unidentified flying objects. l. Hall, Richard, 1930-
TL789.U137 2001
001.942--dc21
00-055624
@'"The paper used in this publication meets the minimum requirements of
American National Standard for Information Sciences-Permanence of Paper for
Printed Library Materials, ANSIINISO Z39.48-1992. Manufactured in the United
States of America.
This volume is dedicated to the memory of the following pioneering
U.S. students of the UFO mystery whose work has paved the way for
all of us:
Isabel Davis, cofounder of Civilian Saucer Intelligence (CSI), New
York City; staff member, National Investigations Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP); Board Member, Fund for UFO Research, Washington, DC.
Idabel Epperson, Los Angeles NICAP Subcommittee; state directorSouthern California, Mutual UFO Network, Seguin, TX.
Charles Fort, author, New York City; first to theorize that things
seen in the sky were of extraterrestrial origin.
john G. Fuller, Saturday Review columnist and author, Westport, CT.
Dr. ]. Allen Hynek, former scientific consultant to Air Force on
UFOs; founder and director, Center for UFO Studies, Chicago, IL.
Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.), director, National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena, Washington, DC.
Coral Lorenzen, founder and director, Aerial Phenomena Research
Organization, Tucson, AZ.
Dr. ]ames E. McDonald, atmospheric physicist, University of Arizona.
Leonard H. Stringfield, founder, Civilian Research-Interplanetary
Flying Objects (C.R.l.EO.), Cincinnati, OH.
iii

CONTENTS
Foreword .......................... vii
Acknowledgments .................... xi
Introduction ........................ xiii
Master Chronology .................... 1
Section I Overview and Guide to Other Sections .... 35
Section II Military Witnesses .................... 73
Section III Pilot and Aircrew Sightings ............ 115
Section IV Scientists and Technicians ............. 149
Section V Police Officers ...................... 169
Section VI Professionals and Citizens ............. 197
Section VII Special Evidence .................... 241
Section VIII Sighting Waves and Concentrations ...... 309
Section IX Structure, Lights, and Colors ........... 359
Section X Motions and Flight Patterns ........... 409
Section XI The UFO Profile .................... 437
Section XII Alien-Human Encounters ............. 451
Section XIII The Abduction Phenomenon ........... 507
Section XIV Roswell and Other Crash Retrievals ...... 591
Section XV Historical Developments .............. 603
Section XVI Implications and Issues ............... 627
Bibliography ....................... 651
Index ............................ 671
About the Author ................... 681

=====================================================================
Foreword
The greatest discoveries of science have always been
those that forced us to rethink our beliefs about the universe and our place in it.
-Robert L. Parks, Ph.D.
physics professor, University of Maryland

When astronomers talk about Quasars, "black holes," "worm holes,"
and other hypothetical constructs of cosmological theory for which
there often is little or no direct evidence, no one scoffs. Skeptics do
not reject their studies as being without merit because "black holes"
cannot be brought into a laboratory for study, or because they represent borderline phenomena that have only meager factual support.
Hypotheses that try to bridge the gap between established theory and
new ideas are merely part of scientific method.
In fact, the sometimes science fiction-sounding studies of cosmology hold great potential for revolutionary discoveries, possibly even
radically different theories of the universe. Yet, cosmology is almost
purely an observational science: Various observed phenomena lead astronomers to suppose certain things as hypotheses, and to seek new
observational and instrumental data to test their ideas. From their
findings they try to develop coherent theories. No one doubts that the
observed phenomena are real simply because their exact nature and
significance are not fully understood.
The reality of UFOs (down to very specific types and details) is
well grounded in both observational and physical evidence. On the
basis of recurring reports over many decades, UFOs are a real and unexplained phenomenon. Yet, the semantic problems and emotionally
charged controversy involved in discussing UFOs often confuse the
central issues.
The acronym "UFO" usually is taken to mean extraterrestrial
spaceships. In other words, the public has tacitly converted UFOs to
IFOs-Identified Flying Objects, meaning craft visiting us from some
other civilization in space. This popular belief is debunked by scientists, typically without any study, as "impossible." Various reasons are
cited for why "UFOs can't be spaceships because .... " Then the phenomena reported by credible witnesses worldwide are written off as
somehow being illusions or delusions or both.
The problem of obtaining recognition of UFOs as a genuine scientific mystery (whose origin may or may not be extraterrestrial) is compounded by credulous UFO proponents who uncritically believe
everything they read, and think every light in the sky is a UFO. These
so-called believers, with their wild-eyed speculation, apparently don't
understand science at all. Their sometimes paranoid rhetoric succeeds
only in giving ammunition to skeptics and debunkers, who tend to attribute the entire phenomenon to imagination: some combination of
wishful thinking and spiritual seeking by naive people.
The notion that UFO sightings represent only a religious impulse
to look for saviors from space is simplistic, though often advanced by
closed-minded debunkers, and occasionally by respected scientific
commentators like the late Dr. Carl Sagan. Far from leaping to the
conclusion that "lights in the sky" are spaceships carrying benevolent
beings whose intervention will save the earth, UFO witnesses typically engage in what the late Dr.]. Allen Hynek aptly termed "escalation of hypotheses." They try hard to fit what they have seen into conventional pigeonholes (it must have been a balloon . . . a
helicopter ... an experimental aircraft ... ). But even as they try, they
realize that something is wrong. Square pegs do not fit in round holes.
In his history of cosmology, The Sleepwalkers, Arthur Koestler said:
"Some of the greatest discoveries . . . consist mainly in the clearing
away of psychological road-blocks which obstruct the approach to reality."
This volume presents a Natural History of UFOs (see section XVI).
UFOs are something sighted in nature, sometimes photographed or
tracked by scientific instruments, sometimes leaving traces of their
presence. These specimens come and go, flying through the air. What
kind of "birds" are they? Where do they "nest"? What have we
learned about their appearance, their types, and behavior patterns?
Actually, we have learned a lot-descriptively-about these "birds"
and their "habits." The traces they leave behind include a variety of
physical evidence (see section VII). They do appear to be a new
"species," not merely misidentifications of known species. Now, the
appropriate segments of society need to support scientific investigation, including formulation and testing of hypotheses about their origins and their significance in the natural world. A vital element of this
program must be systematic data gathering and analysis, something
for which adequate funding has seldom been available.
As you read the following compelling human testimony, you may
be surprised by the degree to which human institutions apparently
have let us down, how all branches and levels of government, the scientific enterprise, and major news media have (perhaps all too "humanly") failed to come to grips with and honestly study the UFO
phenomenon. The military establishment overall, ironically, has been
the most forthright in confronting the facts, but it has received little
support from civilian agencies (see section XV).
There is no need to invoke some convoluted conspiracy to account
for these failures, as some zealots do. The unfolding of the UFO phenomenon clearly has been "mind-blowing," especially to those who
have experienced it personally, literally incredible. For those charged
with interpreting the reports for society, the potential implicationsunparalleled in human history-border on the indigestible. If UFOs
are what they appear to be, they could make the Copernican revolution look like a Sunday picnic. And the fate of unwelcome "messengers," unfortunately, often is unpleasant (see section XVI).
The most victimized segment of the public in this matter is those
unfortunate human beings who have been on the "front line" of experiencing UFO close encounters. They have been shocked, dismayed, sometimes badly frightened by what they have seen. Their
lives often have been changed forever. This is especially true of socalled UFO abduction victims (see section XIII), but also of hundreds
of individuals who have experienced intrusive and frightening close
encounters in their vehicles.
Recognizing that it is important to alert authorities and fellow human beings to what they have experienced, UFO witnesses have made
honest attempts to be "messengers," only to be greeted with laughter
and ridicule in far too many cases. Their lives often have been disrupted, uprooted, sometimes destroyed. They deserve far better; at the
very least they deserve to be heard. On one level, this report seeks a
fair hearing for them. Ridicule has never been part of the scientific
method.
This report is totally scientific in spirit, returning to the concept of
"naturalistic" observational science that has served us well in the past.
Credibly reported human testimony is presented that-so far-has
been rejected as literally unbelievable by key opinion makers who
shape the beliefs of society.
UFOs are not a matter of faith, but of facts, evidence, and logic.
How unscientific individuals filter the data through their preexisting
world views and reach unfounded conclusions is completely beside
the point. It is essential to apply the best scientific resources in seeking valid answers.
An array of data is presented that strongly demonstrates a need for
serious scientific attention to UFOs. One of the maxims of science is
that "facts precede theory." Any given theory must be adjusted to accommodate the facts, not vice versa. The factual data presented here
establish a surprisingly coherent and consistent picture of UFOs,
demonstrating them to be a physically real natural phenomenon (in
the literal sense). Examination of those data shows that this phenomenon, whatever it is, has potentially sweeping implications for
humankind.
The UFO phenomenon may well be evidence of spaceships or voyagers from elsewhere. There is no absolute proof of that as far as we
know (unless the Roswell, NM, crash story is true), but it is a reasonable hypothesis given the scope and nature of the data. Whatever this
phenomenon ultimately may turn out to be, it has already done substantial physical damage and psychological harm to thousands of witnesses, especially when their reports are rejected by science and other
institutions as nonsense. Controversy over UFOs has contributed to
mistrust of authority (both government and science), and that authority generally has set a bad example of how to resolve controversial issues.
For all these reasons, and especially because the extraterrestrial hypothesis is strongly suggested by the data, a high-priority scientific inquiry on a global scale is badly needed.
Throughout this report are references to files maintained by the
three organizations that are members of the UFO Research Coalition.
For the period of the 1960s and 1970s, there are frequent references
to NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena)
files. These are now archived by the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS)
in Chicago.
Occasional geographical notes, for analyzing possible correlations
or associations, are taken primarily from Webster~ New Geographical
Dictionary (1988). Other references throughout the report are keyed
to the extensive bibliography at the end. Separate bibliographies are
provided for section XII, Alien-Human Encounters, and section XIII,
The Abduction Phenomenon. Cross-references are provided in the
text to other sections where additional information may be found on
the same or closely related topics.

============================================================================
Acknowledgments

Compilation of the material in this report has been a joint effort by the
three member organizations of the UFO Research Coalition: the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR),
and the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON). The project was made possible by a grant from the Robert T. Bigelow Foundation, Las Vegas,
NV.
Major essays were contributed by Dr. Eddie Bullard on sighting
waves (section VIII) and abduction cases (section XIII), and Dr.
Michael Swords on the history of the Colorado UFO Project and the
Air Force investigation (section XV). Don Berliner contributed information on aviation history (section XV) and Barry Greenwood on
government secrecy issues (section XVI).
Walter N. Webb provided summaries of two important abduction
cases that he investigated (section XIII), and jennie Zeidman Q.Z.) of
two important cases that she investigated (sections II and VIII). Their
by-lines are included with their reports. Robert P. Swiatek (R.P.S.)
summarized several scientifically important UFO cases. Their bylines
or initials are included with their reports. Dr. Barry Downing kindly
granted permission to reprint his thought-provoking essay on religious implications of UFOs (section XVI).
Dr. Richard F. Haines contributed immeasurably to the section on
pilot and aircrew sightings (section III); Dominique Weinstein (Paris,
France) also contributed European and worldwide cases to this section.
Other UFOlogists around the world who provided information and
helped evaluate reports in their countries include: juan Eduardo
Failla (Argentina), Patrick Ferryn (Belgium), Edoardo Russo (Italy),
and Vicente-juan Ballester Olmos (Spain).
Photographs were supplied by Bruce Maccabee, Richard Haines,
Rob Swiatek, CUFOS, and MUFON. Artwork is by Susan Swiatek,
Rob Swiatek, Dominique Weinstein, and Richard Hall. Other contributors are named in the credits in the text or footnotes, as appropriate.
xi

===================================================================
Introduction

A volume titled The UFO Evidence was published in 1964 by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) in
Washington, DC, to summarize the best available evidence at that
time (Hall, 1964, 1997). Sightings were organized first by type of witness, then in various categories of special evidence such as radar cases
and electromagnetic effects. Among the topics discussed were evidence of intelligent control of UFOs, the Air Force investigation, Congress and UFOs, and the problems and dangers inherent in the UFO
mystery. Patterns in the evidence were analyzed, and a master
chronology of events was provided.
The current volume is patterned after the 1964 report, but covers
almost 35 more years of evidence, compared with the approximately
17 years of UFO history that had occurred by 1964. Since 1964, all of
the earlier patterns have been strongly confirmed by credible witnesses and by the same types of special evidence. The sightings of humanoid UFO occupants, extremely controversial in the early years,
has continued, and they have been investigated and documented
more thoroughly.
The 1967 and 1973 sighting waves, in particular, featured many
UFO occupant encounters (see section VIII, Sighting Waves and Concentrations). A major change or addition to the previous data, is the
emergence of the abduction phenomenon during the 1970s, and continues to this day (see section XIII).
In this report the sightings again are arranged by witness categories, and the same or similar topics are discussed in light of substantial new evidence since 1964. One of the best-documented and
most significant patterns shown by the cumulative evidence is that of
vehicle encounters and confrontations. The sheer number of such reports is remarkable, and the consistency of the features reported is
striking (see section XII).
Also, the witnesses in vehicle encounter cases come from all occupational categories, including military personnel, pilots, and police
officers. The beginning of vehicle encounter cases can be traced back
to the 1957 UFO sighting wave. These cases occurred with amazing
frequency during the 1967 wave, and have been an almost constant
feature since then.
Unfortunately, little has changed since 1964 with regard to government secrecy, the inability or unwillingness of science to come to grips
with the UFO problem, and the lack of vigorous inquiry by the news
media. The likely reasons for this rejection of data are complex (see
section XVI). They include the crackpot problem, and the tabloid trivialization of the UFO subject; scientists, often dependent on government funding, who accept inaccurate stereotypes of the UFO problem
and don't bother to study it for themselves; and evolutionary changes
in the news media in the way news is gathered and disseminated.
In addition, and perhaps most important, there is the "poison pill"
problem. If we "swallow" the fact that UFOs are real (not merely mistaken observations of prosaic things), then we are stuck with a veritable Tar Baby. Many of our cherished beliefs about the nature of the
real world will have to be reconsidered.
At most, we are faced with a potentially traumatic readjustment of
our basic world view, including the probable fact that we are not the
paragons of knowledge and achievement in the universe that we like
to think we are. Others have much more advanced science and have
demonstrated its engineering applications. If their intentions were unfriendly or incompatible with the values of our society, we could be in
deep trouble. However, no outright hostile intention has ever been
suggested by the data of UFO sightings and encounters.
It has now been 35 years since anyone has pulled together the most
important evidence, analyzed it, correlated it, and laid it out in a systematic way. Because of scientific aloofness and completely inadequate
news reporting, most people have no inkling of the amount and nature
of serious information available. It is hoped that this report will help
lay the groundwork for a long overdue comprehensive scientific study.
To sum up, the acceptance of UFO reality probably has been
stymied by (a) the belief that the reported appearance and performance of UFOs is "impossible" by our standards of science and technology, and (b) the implications of UFOs being real and extraterrestrial (or otherworldly) in origin are mind-boggling. Nevertheless,
hiding our heads in the sand will not make them go away; that has already been tried.
On August 21, 1965, the science editor of the Christian Science Monitor wrote a long story about the UFO sighting wave then in progress.
He said: "Flying saucers are all but literally knocking on the laboratory
door .... Something definitely is going on that cannot yet be explained."
They have been knocking even louder for more than 30 years since
then, and science has yet to answer.

==========================================================================
Master Chronology

Cross-references in parentheses refer to other sections of this report in
which a case summary or more information appears, or to the bibliography.
Pre-1964
March 29, 1952: Misawa, Japan. Small, shiny disc made pass at Air
Force plane (section IX).
May 1, 1952: Davis-Monthan AFB, AZ. Two disc-shaped UFOs approached close to B-36 bomber, also seen from ground (section II).
December 6, 1952: Gulf of Mexico. Air Force bomber tracked "mother
ship," smaller high-speed objects, on radar (section X).
November 14, 1956: Mobile, AL. Luminous object descended, hovered in front of airliner, then sped away at upward angle (section
X).
October 15, 1957: Minas Gerais State, Brazil. Villas Boas abduction,
sexual encounter case (section XIII).
November 23, 1957: Tonopah, NV. Air Force officer's car failed, he
saw disc-shaped objects on ground (section II).
July 13, 1959: Blenheim, New Zealand. Disc with dome illuminated
area in green light, two beings visible in dome (section XU).
Aprill3, 1960: Red Bluff, CA. State Police encounter with highly maneuverable elliptical object, red light beams swept ground
(section V).
September 19, 1961: White Mountains, NH. Barney and Betty Hill vehicle encounter, abduction case (section Xlll).
1964
April 24, 1964: Socorro, NM. Whitish elliptical object with legs seen
on ground by police officer, left imprints and scorched foliage
when it took off (section V).
April 24, 1964: Newark Valley, NY. Farmer found shiny elliptical object in field, confronted by two small humanoids who spoke with
him (section XII).
April 30, 1964: Canyon Ferry, MT. Glowing oval object landed, indentations and scorch marks found at site (section VII).
May 5, 1964: Comstock, MN. Object landed in field, physical traces
(section VII).
May 10, 1964: La Rioja, Argentina. Domed disc rose from woods, electromagnetic (E-M) effects on van, 10-meter (30-foot) burnt circle
found next day (section XII).
May 19, 1964: Hubbard, OR. Rectangular object with legs left flattened
wheat and three indentations on the edge of a circle (section VII).
June 29, 1964: Lavonia, GA. Brilliantly lit top-shaped object made
head-on passes at car, paced ahead of it, hovering and darting motions (section XII).
July 1964: NICAP report, The UFO Evidence, released to Congress and
news media.
July 16, 1964: Conklin, NY. Humanoid with dark suit and helmet,
climbed on top of craft. Physical traces found at site (section XII).
July 16, 1964: Houghton Lake, MI. Pilot observed formation of four
white lights joined by two others, paced aircraft for five minutes
(section III).
July 27, 1964: Norwich, NY. Aluminum-colored sphere with luminous ring hovered for four to five minutes. Air Force unidentified
case (section IV).
July 29, 1964: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
August 10, 1964: Wake Island. Blinking red light approached air base
runway, hovered, reversed direction. Air Force unidentified case
(section 1).
August 11, 1964: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
September 4, 1964: Cisco Grove, CA. A bow-and-arrow hunter separated from his companions was treed by humanoid and robot-like
beings after a UFO was observed descending (section XII).
October 11, 1964: Brockton, MA. Engineer, others, observed domeshaped object following jet fighters. UFO shot straight up and out
of sight (section IV).
November 25, 1964: New Berlin, NY. Two objects landed on hilltop,
large group of humanoid beings engaged in apparent repair operation for four hours (section XII).
December 21, 1964: Staunton, VA. Cone-shaped object crossed highway, car engine failed, object landed. Radioactive area found at
landing site (section I).
1965
December 1964-January 1965 sighting concentration around Washington, DC, which led to CIA contact with NICAP to obtain information.
January 3, 1965: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 5, 1965: Wallops Island, VA. Aerospace engineer watched
round glowing object move rapidly from horizon to nearly overhead (section IV; Section Vlll).
january 11, 1965: Washington, DC. Army Signal Corps communications system specialists observed 12-15 white ovals maneuvering
erratically, with jets seen in pursuit (section II).
January 12, 1965: Lynden, WA. Border Patrol officer saw bright disc
illuminating ground, swoop down, hover near car, accelerate up
into clouds with rushing air sound (section V).
january 19, 1965: Brand's Flats, VA. Humanoid beings emerged from
landed object at archery range, approached witness, who froze, apparently paralyzed (section XII).
january 23, 1965: Williamsburg, VA. Metallic-appearing, mushroomshaped object, red-orange glow, at low level. Sound like vacuum
cleaner heard, E-M effects on car (section Vlll).
january 27, 1965: Hampton, VA. NASA engineer saw V-shaped object
with red-orange lights zigzagging at low level. Object touched
down briefly, took off, rapidly climbed out of sight (section IV).
February 11, 1965: Pacific Ocean. Flying Tiger aircrew observed three
red oval objects, tracked on airborne radar. Paced aircraft for 30
minutes, departed upward at high speed (section 1).
March 15, 1965: Everglades, FL. Hovering cone-shaped object, animal
reaction. Witness struck on forehead by light beam, unconscious,
eye damage. Damaged foliage found at site (section I).
April 4, 1965: Keesler AFB, MS. USAF weather observer saw black
oval with body lights flying in and out of clouds (section 1).
May 24, 1965: Mackay, Australia. Circular UFO with three legs on or
near the ground, trees illuminated. Departed rapidly with buzzing
sound. Circular ring impression found at site (section VII).
May 28, 1965: Townsville, North Queensland, Australia. Elliptical object paced airliner, accelerated and sped away, photographs taken
(section III).
July 1, 1965: Valensole, France. Elliptical object with legs observed on
ground, two small humanoids pointed pencil-like device at witness, paralyzing him. Strong physical trace evidence at site (section
XII).
July 2-3, 1965: Antarctica. Meteorological observers at scientific research bases watched zigzagging and maneuvering objects, including a lens-shaped disc. E-M effects (sections IV, VIII).
July 8, 1965: Sunnyvale, CA. Police lieutenant and officer saw hovering white object that undulated, darted here and there, zigzagged,
and sped away (section V).
July 19, 1965: Vaucluse, N.S.W, Australia. Domed disc with legs on
beach, dogs barked loudly. Object took off with sound of rushing
air, yellow-orange glow from underside (section IV).
July 20, 1965: Chesterville, Ontario, Canada. Domed object paced car,
climbed out of sight (section XII).
July 29, 1965: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
July 31-September 3, 1965: Summer 1965 sighting wave mostly in
Southwestern U.S. and northward through the central tier of states,
later in eastern U.S. (See separate chronology, section VIII.)
August 3, 1965: Denver Post editorial: "Maybe it's time for more people to get serious about the UFO question .... If we still choose to
be skeptical, we nevertheless are not nearly so ready as we once
were to dismiss all reports of variously shaped but elusive flying
objects as products of midsummer night dreams."
August 3, 1965: Santa Ana, CA. Highway investigator Rex Heflin,
three Polaroid photos of domed-disc UFO (section VII).
August 4, 1965. Fort Worth Star Telegram (TX) editorial: "They can
stop kidding us now about there being no such thing as 'flying
saucers ... .' Too many people of obviously sound mind saw and reported them independently. . . . Their descriptions of what they
saw were too similar to one another, and too unlike any familiar
object. ... "
August 4, 1965: Abilene, KS. E-M effects on truck, domed disc
swooped overhead, hovered just above road, blocked highway
(section VI).
August 4, 1965: Michigan-Minnesota. U.S. Air Force and Royal Canadian Air Force radar tracked formations of 7-10 UFOs over Lake
Superior and Duluth, MN, moving at about 9,000 mph, altitudes
between 5,200 and 17,000 feet (section VII).
August 6, 1965: Cascade (ID) News editorial: "An objective observer
is about forced to the conclusion that there are objects of some sort
appearing in the skies that cannot be explained by any conventional circumstances. There is absolutely no reason to deny the
UFOs' existence because we don't understand them."
August 10, 1965: Seattle, WA. Boeing aerospace engineer saw two silvery, disc-shaped objects that hovered for several minutes, departed upward at high speed one after the other (section IV).
August 10, 1965: Pacific Northwest. 9:40 P.M. Fireball meteor traveling easterly across northeast sky.
August 11, 1965: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 13, 1965: Portsmouth (NH) Herald editorial: "Perhaps we really do have visitors from somewhere beyond our present ken."
August 16, 1965: Christian Science Monitor editorial: "[UFOs] sighted
early this month over Texas may give scientists something to think
about for a long time .... They give the clearest evidence of all that
something strange actually was in the sky .... It makes the clearest case yet for a thorough look at the saucer mystery."
August 19, 1965: Cherry Creek, NY. E-M effects in barn, elliptical object landed nearby, animals reacted, beeping sound. Object shot
straight up into clouds. Physical traces at site (section I).
August 21, 1965: Science editor, Christian Science Monitor: "Flying
saucers are all but literally knocking on the laboratory door ....
Something definitely is going on that cannot yet be explained."
September 3, 1965: Exeter, NH. Citizen reports of glowing red, elliptical object at low level, verified by police, row of bright pulsating
red lights, animal reactions (section V).
September 3, 1965: Damon, TX. Two sheriffs saw huge, brightly illuminated object speed toward their patrol car, hover, illuminate
them and the terrain in purple light. Heat felt (section I).
September 14, 1965: Langenhoe, Essex, UK. Domed disc descended,
humming sound, blue light. Motorbike engine failed, witness paralyzed, shock, static electricity (section IV).
September 16, 1965: Pretoria, South Africa. Constables in police van
encountered domed disc on highway, object lifted off emitting
flame; tar and gravel road severely damaged (section V).
September 27, 1965: Columbus, OH. At 5:15P.M., scientist saw metallic-appearing, cigar-shaped object that changed course (section IV).
September 27, 1965: Northeastern United States. Fireball meteor
sighting at 7:56P.M. American Meteor Society No. 2389.
September 28, 1965: Memo from Maj. Gen. E. B. LeBailly, USAF director of information, to USAF Scientific Advisory Board request-
ing a scientific panel to review the methods and findings of Project
Blue Book. LeBailly noted: "Many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically well-qualified
individuals whose integrity cannot be doubted."
October 7, 1965: Edwards AFB, CA. Radar-visual sighting of 12
UFOs, jet interceptor pursuit (section II).
November 10, 1965: Massive power blackout in northeastern United
States at about 5:25 P.M. (EST). Some reports of UFOs coincided,
with resulting speculation about a possible relationship (section
VII).
December 20, 1965: Herman, MN. Domed disc, E-M effects on engine
and headlights, truck spun off road into ditch. Object ascended
with whistling sound, sparks from underside (section VII).
1966
February 3, 1966: USAF Scientific Advisory Board met to review Project Blue Book. Issued report dated "March 1966" recommending
contracts to universities to study selected UFO sightings.
February 6, 1966: Aluche, Madrid, Spain. Brightly lighted disc with
legs seen landing and taking off again. Imprints and scorch marks
found at site (section VII).
February 11, 1966: Skowhegan, ME. Glowing orange object with
domed top hovered, maneuvered over area, seen by police and citizens. Tracked on Air Force and Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) radar (section VII).
February 17, 1966: NICAP contacted by United Nations Secretary
General U Thant's office requesting information and documents on
UFOs.
March 1966: Midwestern and northeastern U.S. sighting wave (see
separate chronology, section VIII).
March 14-20, 1966: Dexter, Milan, and Ann Arbor, MI. Sheriffs reported disc-shaped objects moving at fantastic speeds and making
sharp turns, diving and climbing, hovering. Selfridge AFB confirmed tracking UFOs over Lake Erie (section V).
March 20-21, 1966: Exeter, NH. Egg-shaped object with flashing
lights across the center (red-white-blue-green-red) hovered over
power lines, bobbed around, and rocked in a pendulum motion
(section V).
March 21, 1966: Hillsdale, MI. Officials, college students saw UFO
settle in a hollow, emitting orange, red, and white lights (section VIII).
March 23, 1966: Temple, OK. Huge, elongated craft blocking high-
way, flashing body lights, port, door, antenna on top, spindly legs.
Human-like figure entered, craft took off, hovered, sped away (section XII).
March 27, 1966: Columbus, GA. Control tower personnel, police;
radar-visual sighting of maneuvering object (section VII).
March 28, 1966. Roscoe Drummond, syndicated columnist: "The time
has come for either the President or Congress to name an objective
and respected panel to investigate, appraise and report on all present and future evidence about what is going on."
March 28, 1966: Rep. Gerald Ford (R-Mich.) issued call for UFO hearings.
March 28, 1966: NICAP press conference at National Press Club.
March 30, 1966: The Christian Science Monitor editorialized that the
Michigan sightings had "deepened the mystery" and "it is time for
the scientific community to conduct a thorough and objective
study of the 'unexplainable."'
March 31, 1966: Vicksburg, MI. Luminous object hovered, blocked
roadway, bobbed up and down, moved quickly. Car buffeted, humming sound. Object rose, sped off at steep angle (section VI).
March 31, 1966: Editorial, Indianapolis (IN) News: "What is needed, obviously, is more public inquiry conducted under scrupulously objective auspices .... Too many people have seen too many things for the
subject to be dismissed with mere off-hand explanations."
AprilS, 1966: House Armed Services Committee hearing on UFOs in
U.S. Congress. Only Air Force witnesses called to testify. Hearings
used as forum to announce that new independent scientific study
would be undertaken.
April 17, 1966: Ravenna, OH. Sheriffs confronted by glowing object,
light beam illuminated road, humming sound. Chased UFO across
state line, other police witnesses en route. Object shot straight up
out of sight (section I).
April 21, 1966: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
April 21, 1966: Rep. Gerald Ford (R-Mich.) issued news release announcing that USAF was arranging for a "study of UFOs by topflight scientists not connected in any way with the Air Force."
May 8, 1966: Gallup Poll reported 96 percent public awareness of
UFOs, and that nearly half of the adult population believed UFOs
were real.
May 10, 1966: CBS Reports "Flying Saucers: Friend, Foe or Fantasy?"
presented extremely negative Air Force and "scientific" views, primarily those of Dr. Donald Menzel and Dr. Carl Sagan, both skeptics.
May 21, 1966: Willow Grove, PA. Experienced pilot in light plane en-
countered disc with dome that made sharp tum, passed beneath
his wing (section I).
June 19, 1966: Nha Trang, Vietnam. Brilliantly lighted object illuminated terrain at Army base, widespread E-M effects on vehicles and
machinery. Object shot straight up out of sight within seconds
(section II).
June 24, 1966: Richmond, VA. Elliptical object with body lights, surrounded by mist or vapor, observed by police officer, led him on
cat-and-mouse chase. Object accelerated and sped away (section
V).
July 26, 1966: Atlanta, GA. Six FAA personnel observed oval UFOs,
radar-visual sighting. One object accelerated rapidly (section VII).
August 9, 1966: Robert]. Low, later coordinator of the Colorado UFO
project, sent a memo to University of Colorado officials suggesting
how they could deal with scientific disdain of UFO sightings. "The
trick would be" to make it "appear a totally objective study" (section XV).
August 22, 1966: "Plasma Theory May Explain Many UFOs," by
Philip J. Klass, Aviation Week.
August 27, 1966. Dr. J. A. Hynek released to the press a letter rejected
by Science magazine reporting a "pattern" to UFO sightings that
"suggests that something is going on" and disputing seven misconceptions about UFOs. Science had a belated change of heart and
published the letter on October 21, with the headline, "UFOs Merit
Scientific Study."
September-December, 1966: Uintah Basin, UT. Local concentration
peaking in late 1966 and 1967 (section VIII).
September 3, 1966: "The Disputed CIA Documents on UFOs," by
John Lear in Saturday Review discusses oddities about the january
1953 Robertson Panel report before it was declassified.
September 19, 1966: Air Force Regulation (AFR) 80-17 promulgated
to replace AFR 200-2, placing UFOs under the Research and Development command and reflecting the University of Colorado
Project study in progress.
September 20, 1966: Sebring, FL. Private pilot encountered coneshaped object, "singing" noise. Object descended, followed aircraft, accelerated up and away (section III).
September 22, 1966: Deadwood, SD. Hovering object with smaller
satellite objects operating independently, emitted light beams, finally sped away (section V).
October 3, 1966: "Many UFOs Are Identified as Plasmas," by Philip J.
Klass in Aviation Week.
October 7, 1966: USAF public announcement of grant to University
of Colorado for a UFO study to be headed by Dr. E. U. Condon.
October 11, 1966: Project Sign ("Saucer") report of February 1949 declassified from its formerly SECRET status.
October 15, 1966: Split Rock Pond, NJ. Red-orange disc-shaped object followed car, ground brightly illuminated, engine, headlights
failed. Physiological effects (section 1).
November 1, 1966: Official contract starting date of Colorado UFO
Project.
December 17, 1966: "Are Flying Saucers Real?" by Dr.]. A. Hynek in
Saturday Evening Post, stating that hundreds of puzzling UFO cases
exist and urging a serious inquiry.
December 30, 1966: Peru. Two luminous objects paced Canadian Pacific Airlines plane at 35,000 feet for seven minutes, emitted light
beams up, then down, accelerated away (section III).
1967
january-May, 1967. Intensive U.S. and international UFO sighting
wave (see separate chronology, section VIII).
january 3, 1967 (approximate): New Richmond, IN. Dome-shaped object
hovered over car, roadway brightly illuminated. Forward motion
slowed, unable to accelerate, loss of steering control (section VI).
january 3, 1967: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 16, 1967: Southeastern United States. Approximately 4:30-
6:30 A.M. Sodium vapor clouds from rocket launched at Eglin AFB,
FL, blue-green color, visible over wide area.
january 25, 1967: Dr. E. U. Condon, scientific director of the Colorado UFO Project, spoke to the Corning, NY, section of the American Chemical Society, stating that the government should get out
of the UFO business, since there was apparently nothing to it.
january 25, 1967: South Ashburnham, MA. Betty Andreasson abduction (section XIII).
February 2, 1967: Lima, Peru. Airliner buzzed by maneuvering coneshaped object, took position above tail. Lights in plane dimmed,
radio interference, radio compass oscillated (section 1).
February 12, 1967: Wharton, TX. Domed disc with revolving lights at
bottom edge flew over car just above phone lines. Later at treetop
level, stopped, banked, and took off (section IV).
February 14, 1967: Jefferson City, MO. Disc-shaped object in field,
small beings moved around beneath it. Beings disappeared behind
shaft, object sped away (section VIII).
February 26, 1967: Across U.S. and some other countries. 6:30-
9:30 P.M. Objects with streams of lights, erratic motions. No USAF
unknowns or Colorado Project cases for this date. Suspected extraordinary phenomenon (meteor train?) or military maneuvers.
March 2, 1967: White Sands Missile Range, NM. Radar-visual sightings of three to four silvery discs traveling about 2,000 mph. News
blackout invoked by military (section I).
March 5, 1967: Minot AFB, ND. Radar tracked object descending over
missile sites, security teams saw disc with flashing lights hover
about 500 feet off ground. Object departed straight up (section II).
March 8-9, 1967: Henderson and Galesburg, IL. Domed circular object with red body lights approached witnesses, gave off burst of
brilliant white light, hissing sound, accelerated away (section V).
March 16, 1967: Malmstrom AFB, MT. Security guards saw glowing
red disc hover near missile site, weapons shut down (section (II).
March 31, 1967: Wellington, TX. Carroll Watts contactee case. Cylindrical craft hovering just above ground, voice communicated with
witness (sections VIII, XII).
April 4, 1967: FAA Notice N7230.29 published, establishing procedures for "Reporting of Unidentified Flying Objects" to the Colorado UFO Project.
April 5, 1967: Jonestown/Lickdale, PA. Disc passed over car, gave off
sparks, car rocked, engine failed, humming sound heard. Sulphurlike smell. Physiological effects (section VI).
April21, 1967: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
April 22, 1967: American Society of Newspaper Editors sponsors
panel discussion on UFOs at its annual meeting in Washington,
DC. Panelists included Dr. James E. McDonald, Dr. Donald Menzel, and Maj. Hector Quintanilla.
May 4, 1967: Eta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
May 20, 1967: Falcon Lake, Manitoba, Canada. Witness approached
landed object, violet light, rushing air sound, voices heard; experienced severe burns on chest, weight loss, and vomiting (section VI).
June 3, 1967: Extremadura, Spain. Two Spanish Ai~ Force fighter pilots chased UFO, radios failed. Cat and mouse pursuit. Object shot
straight up and disappeared (section II).
June 7, 1967: Dr. James E. McDonald, University of Arizona atmospheric physicist, gave a presentation on UFOs to the Outer Space
Affairs Group of the United Nations. Secretary General U Thant expressed deep concern over UFO situation.
june ll, 1967: Da Nang, Vietnam. Silvery cylinder seen for several
minutes, chased by two F-102 interceptors (section II).
july-December 1967: Intensive U.S. and international sighting wave.
(See separate chronology, Section VIII.)
july 25, 1967: Garrison, ND. Round, blue-white object hovered near
missile site, animals reacted. Object started, stopped, moved up
and down; changed color to red when accelerating (section VI).
july 28, 1967: Gilroy, CA. Oval object approached fire lookout tower,
hovered, illuminated ground (section IX).
july 29, 1967: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
August 4, 1967: La Guaira, Federal District, Venezuela. Saturn-shaped
object with rotating ring emerged from sea, hovered, ascended
slowly, accelerated into sky and out of sight (section 1).
August 11, 1967: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 23, 1967: joyceville, Ontario, Canada. Huge disc on or just
above ground in field, three small humanoid beings emerged, apparently gathered specimens. Physical traces (section XII).
August 24, 1967: Wodonga, Victoria, Australia. Two humanoid beings
in silvery suits, round helmets, emerged from disc with dome (sections IX, XII).
August 26, 1967: Eagle Lake, Allagash Waterway, ME. Campers saw
glowing oval that beamed light down, engulfed canoe. Memory
loss and abduction. (See section XIII bibliography, Fowler, 1990a.)
August-November 1967: UK. Hundreds of sightings in wave that
peaked in October. House of Commons took interest in November.
September 10, 1967: Barcelona, Spain. Cone-shaped object, haze or
mist around lower portion, approached airliner from west, passed
under starboard wing, turning and maneuvering (section III).
September 23, 1967: Amherst, MA. Geology professor watched flight
of two silvery cigar-shaped objects (section IV).
October 2, 1967: Melville, NY. Aircraft engineer sighted disc-shaped
object with windows, blinking lights, light beam illuminating
ground (section IV).
October 20, 1967: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 24, 1967: Newfield, NY. UFO with windows approached,
tilted down. Two humanoid figures and control panels visible. Object tilted back up, shot out of sight in seconds (section XII).
October 27, 1967: Parshall, ND. Sphere rose, paced car, which began
steering hard. Object hovered near missile base, shot straight up
out of sight in seconds (section V).
November 2, 1967: Ririe, ID. Domed disc, lights along rim, two beings visible in clear dome, hovered above car. Car drawn into adjacent field, witnesses confronted by beings (section XII).
December 3, 1967: Ashland, NE. Officer Herbert Schirmer vehicle encounter and abduction case (section Xlll).
December 8, 1967: Idaho. Falls, ID. Bright illumination from domed
disc, object tipped forward, two humanoid figures visible inside.
Object rotated, moved away (section XII).
December 13, 1967: Geminid meteor shower (mean date).
1968
january 20, 1968: Vermillion, SD. Round orange-red object hovered
near ground, moved abruptly to position behind car, road illuminated; made repeated passes at car (section XII).
February 4, 1968: Redlands, CA. Barking dogs, unusual sound, attracted attention to round object with ports, flames from underside; object moved jerkily, rising and falling, hovered briefly, sped
away (section VI).
February 9, 1968: Dr. David Saunders and Dr. Norman Levine, members of Air Force-sponsored Colorado UFO project, fired by Dr.
E. U. Condon for alleged "incompetence" in controversy over project management (section XV).
February 13, 1968: Missoula, MT. Luminous elliptical object followed
car for 30 minutes, moved back and forth across road, made sharp
turns and unusual maneuvers, suddenly disappeared (section IV).
February 19, 1968: Bengough, Saskatchewan, Canada. Witness felt
"tingling sensations"; domed disc with ports maneuvered around
farm, emitting high-pitched whine. Dog cowered in snow, cattle
bolted (section 1).
March 3, 1968: Northeastern and central United States. About 9:50P.M.
(CST). Hundreds of people reported fiery objects streaking across
the sky, some showering sparks, leaving bright trails. Zond IV Soviet satellite reentry and decay (Sagan and Page, 1972, 155-161).
May 14, 1968: LOOK article, "Flying Saucer Fiasco" by john Fuller,
reporting internal controversy in the Colorado UFO Project and
the Low "trick" memo.
july 26, 1968: "UFO Project: Trouble on the Ground" by Philip M.
Boffey in Science magazine, reporting on the internal problems of
the Colorado UFO Project.
july 29, 1968: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
july 29, 1968: House Science and Astronautics Committee symposium on UFOs chaired by Rep. Edward Roush (D-Ind.). Witnesses
included Robert M. Baker, Robert L. Hall, james A. Harder,]. Allen
Hynek, James E. McDonald, and Carl Sagan.
July 30, 1968: Claremont, NH. Dome-shaped object hovered low over
ground, grayish light beam cast sharp shadows; humming sound,
dogs reacted strongly (section I).
August 7, 1968: Buff Ledge, VT. Dual abduction of male and female
summer camp staff members. Independent recall of event years
later (section XIII).
August 18, 1968: Cluj, Romania. Round silver object flew overhead,
reversed direction, three photos taken. Object finally shot upward
out of sight (section VII).
August 22, 1968: Kalgoorlie, Australia. Luminous white UFO emitted
six smaller "satellite objects" (section X).
October 31, 1968: Colorado UFO Project final report submitted to
secretary of the Air Force for review by the National Academy of
Sciences.
November 22-27, 1968: Flurry of sightings primarily in the southeastern and northwestern United States.
November 22, 1968: Biloxi, MS. Domed disc descended, flew over
shrimp boat, hovered briefly, shone light down on boat, then took
off straight up out of sight (section IX).
November 22, 1968: Albany, GA. Oval object beamed light down on
car, electrical system failed. After it departed rapidly straight up,
electrical system resumed functioning (section VII).
November 26, 1968: Bismarck, ND. Pilots saw two luminous objects
join up, hover about 10 seconds, then speed out of sight in seconds. Confirmed by Air Force radar (section III).
November 26, 1968: Lake Cyprus, FL. Four bright, oval objects paced
aircraft. Pilot turned plane toward them, objects formed vertical
stack, shot up and out of sight (sections III, X).
November 27, 1968: Belcourt, ND. Round object with body lights
hovered, shone red light beam to ground. When officer shone
flashlight at object, it immediately blacked out (section V).
December 8, 1968: Grey, South Australia. Top-shaped object paced
car, sped away (section XII).
1969
January 8, 1969: National Academy of Sciences letter by Dr. Frederick
Seitz, president, to secretary of the Air Force, stating that the NAS
review panel "unanimously approved" the Colorado University
(Condon Committee) report.
January 9, 1969: University of Colorado "Condon Report" publicly released.
January 11, 1969: Press conference at National Press Club, Washington, DC, with Donald Keyhoe, NICAP director; Richard Hall,
NICAP assistant director; Dr. James E. McDonald; and Dr. David R.
Saunders disputing conclusions of the Condon Report.
February 1, 1969: Roscoe Drummond, syndicated columnist, in
Christian Science Monitor (response to University of Colorado report): "I find it hard to escape the conclusion that there are too
many unexplained and presently unexplainable unidentified flying
objects from too many credible and responsible witnesses to banish the subject from public concern."
March 4, 1969: Atlanta, MO. Object emitting blinding light beam paced
ahead of vehicle, heat felt. Light beam associated with E-M
effects. Object rose and fell, veered off, flew out of sight (section I).
March 6, 1969: Lancaster, MO. Light beam shone on road ahead of
car, dog reacted. Witness drove beneath domed disc, car motion
slowed. Eye irritation (section I).
March 10, 1969: Westhope, ND. Disc with dome passed overhead,
stopped, emitted light beam onto road, illuminating police chief's
car. Finally ascended, flew away to south (section V).
March 14, 1969: Thailand. Flight surgeon, crew of KC-135, observed
huge black cylinder hovering, inclined in vertical position. Fighter
aircraft sent to investigate, object disappeared (section II).
April 1969: "The Condon Report and UFOs" by Dr.]. Allen Hynek,
Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, called the report: "a strange
sort of scientific paper [that) does not fulfill the promise of its
title .... [It) leaves the same strange, inexplicable residue of unknowns which has plagued the U.S. Air Force investigation for 20
years."
April 3, 1969: Southern UK. 7:38P.M. Bright fireball meteor traveling
south-southeast to north-northwest, leaving long trail, sparks.
June 19, 1969: Docking/Bircham Newton, UK. E-M effects on car,
static electricity; bluish object shaped like inverted mushroom
hovered overhead. Took off at high speed (section IV).
October 30, 1969: Waipukurau, New Zealand. Circular object with
lights hovering over airport sped away making high, whining
sound when security guard shone spotlight on it (section VI).
December 17, 1969: Secretary of the Air Force Robert C. Seamans, Jr.,
announced termination of Project Blue Book UFO study.
December 26-30, 1969: American Association for the Advancement
of Science (AAAS) annual meeting, in Boston, MA, included panel
discussion on UFOs. Scientists joined in statement asking for
preservation of Air Force UFO files for future study.
1970
january 1, 1970: Duncan, B.C., Canada. Hospital nurse saw craftlike
object hovering near building, two humanoid figures visible in upper portion (section XII).
january 3, 1970: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 7, 1970: Imjarvi, Finland. Two skiers saw disc-shaped object
approach, hover, humanoid appeared in light beam from object.
Memory loss, extensive physiological effects (section XII).
April 15, 1970: Mar del Plata, Argentina. Daylight disc photo similar
to August 3, 1965, Santa Ana, CA, photos (section VII).
june 27, 1970: Rio de janeiro, Brazil. Domed disc on ocean surface,
two humanoid figures visible, took off in an arc, headed out to sea
(section V).
August ll, 1970: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 13, 1970: Haderslev, Denmark. Egg-shaped object approached
police car, engine, lights, and radio failed; object took off at high
speed (section V).
October 29, 1970: Helleland, Norway. Disc with dome descended,
hovered over car, driver blinded by strong blue-white light, physiological effects. Object departed rapidly straight up (section VI).
November 1970: The UFO Subcommittee of the American Institute
for Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) published its report,
UFO, An Appraisal of the Problem, recommending continued investigation of UFO sightings.
1971
April 14, 1971: Callery, PA. Close-range sighting of disc with windows, two humanoid figures visible inside, light beam upward
from top (section VI).
May 24, 1971: Mendoza, Argentina. Saturn-shaped object darted
around, rocked back and forth while hovering, rapid acceleration
upward at angle (section VI).
August 6, 1971: U.S. KH-9 "Big Bird" spy satellite incinerated on reentry into atmosphere.
August 9, 1971: Minas Gerais region, Brazil. Airline flight paced for
20 minutes by glowing orange disc ("like two round basins, one on
top of the other") (section III).
August ll, 1971: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
September 4, 1971: Lago de Cote, Costa Rica. Aerial survey plane
photo showing disc on edge (section VII).
October 11, 1971: Soviet Salyut 1 space station burned up during atmospheric reentry.
November 2, 1971: Delphos, KS. Brilliantly lighted, mushroomshaped object hovered just off ground, sheep reacted, light beam,
landing traces, physiological effects (section 1).
1972
june 9, 1972: Algodonales, Cadiz, Spain. Motorist experienced engine
failure, pulsating yellow oval object visible on road ahead. Object
illuminated trees as it departed (section XII).
july 10, 1972: Alcaracejos, Cordoba, Spain. Luminous object beamed
light at car, engine lost power (section VII).
August 10, 1972: Western United States. Bright daylight fireball meteor filmed lasting up to 45 seconds or more.
August 11, 1972: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 12, 1972: Taize, France. Elliptical object with bright lights
hovered near ground emitting light beams downward; satellite objects emerged. UFO reacted to flashlight (section VI).
August 19, 1972: Colby, KS. Luminous, bowl-shaped object hovered near ground; blinding white light brightly illuminated terrain; object made "whooshing" noise, shot straight up (section
V).
November 26, 1972: Between Bedoga Bay and Woodland, CA. judy
Kendall abduction, three types of beings (section XIII).
1973
February 2, 1973: Auckland, New Zealand. Intense blue-white light
paced airliner for 20-25 seconds, navigation instruments malfunctioned (section III).
February 8, 1973: Conejo, CA. Youths photographed disc-shaped object, analysis supported authenticity (section VII).
February 14, 1973: McAlester, OK. Disc with dome maneuvered
around DC-8 aircraft, confirmed by airborne radar. Shadowy figures seen in dome (section III).
April1-8, 1973: Los Angeles Basin, CA. At least 16 sightings of round
or egg-shaped objects (section VIII).
April6, 1973: Ellsinore, MO. Domed disc with ports and legs hovered
in a grove of trees, physical traces found (section VII).
june 28, 1973: Columbia, MO. Mobile home park UFO landing,
sound, E-M, animal reactions, light beams, bright illumination,
physical traces (section 1).
August 11, 1973: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 31-December 1973: Flurry of sightings in Georgia, Alabama,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ohio. Fast-moving oblong objects with
bright flashing or revolving lights witnessed by local and state police. (See separate chronology, section Vlll.)
October 4, 1973: Chatsworth, CA. Elliptical object with dome hovered about 10 feet off ground, swaying back and forth. Humanoid
being appeared, reentered craft when observed (section XII).
October 11, 1973: Pascagoula, MS. Charles Hickson and Charles
Parker abduction case (section Xlll).
October 15-16, 1973: Pine, LA. Sheriffs saw and chased pulsating orange objects that alternately hovered, swinging like pendulum,
darted around at high speed (section V).
October 17, 1973: Elkhorn, WV. Pulsating object photographed during sighting wave (section VII).
October 18, 1973: Mansfield, OH. Army Reserve helicopter encountered domed, craftlike object that beamed green light into cockpit,
lifted helicopter off course (section II).
October 20, 1973: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
November 1973: Quebec, Canada. Numerous reported landings, humanoids, and E-M effects on cars in province (section VIII).
November 8, 1973: La Paz, Bolivia. Top-shaped object with windows
moved with "incredible speed," darted behind jet interceptor, shot
straight up in sky (section II).
November 28, 1973: Gallup Poll showed that 51 percent of Americans
believe UFOs are "real," 11 percent claim personal sightings, and
93 percent are aware of the subject.
November 30, 1973: Turin, Italy. UFO hovered and darted around
near Caselle Airport, seen by pilots and tracked on airport radar
(section lll).
December 10, 1973: Hochries, Germany. Egg-shaped object with body
lights sped toward witnesses, hovered; reacted to light signals, sped
off to south, departed upward at steep angle (section 1).
1974
January 7, 1974: Warneton, Belgium. UFO landed, humanoid encounter (section XII).
January 26, 1974: Lisbon, Portugal: V-formation of luminous orange
discs observed by airline crew (section III).
February 14, 1974: Ely, NV. Round orange object paced, approached
truck, E-M effects on lights and engine, truck lifted off road, steering control lost, feeling of vacuum (section VI).
March 9, 1974: Milan, Italy. Luminous saucer-shaped object with colored rings ahead of plane confirmed by Milan radar, chased by pilot (sections Ill, VII).
March 13, 1974: En route San Juan, Puerto Rico, to C6rdoba, Argentina. Argentine Airlines plane flanked by two glowing objects
that paced it for several minutes, then sped away (section Ill).
March 17, 1974: Taiwan. TWA airliner crew observed shiny oval or
cigar-shaped object, five smaller spherical-appearing satellite objects (section X).
March-June, 1974: Spain. Concentration of UFO sightings, including
vehicle encounters (section Vlll).
March 30, 1974: Hombreiro, Lugo, Spain. Blinding light from hovering object, car engine quit, lights went out. Object flew away with
whistling sound, car then functioned normally (section XII).
April 16, 1974: Casale Monferrato, Italy. Disc with dome descended,
three beings visible inside transparent dome (section XII).
July 9, 1974: Kingston, NY. Elliptical object with body lights hovered
low, moved toward police car; officer turned spotlight on it, brilliant white beam from object illuminated patrol car (section 1).
September 1, 1974: Langenburg, Saskatchewan, Canada. Five domeshaped objects in pasture, spinning and swirling grass; objects took
off, aligned in formation, climbed into clouds (section 1).
October 17, 1974: Maitland, N.S.W, Australia. Dogs barked furiously,
circular yellow-white object emitted two light beams to ground, illuminated terrain brightly (section IX).
October 20, 1974: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 25, 1974: Rawlins, WY. Carl Higdon abduction (section XIII).
October 27, 1974: Aveley, UK. Abduction case (section XIII).
1975
January 2, 1975: Navarra, Spain. Dome-shaped object observed on
ground by guard at Air Force base. Body lights visible, ground illuminated as object took off (section II).
January 2, 1975: Kauai, HI. Photo of Saturn-shaped object with squarish ring, similar to July 7, 1989, case (section VII).
January 3, 1975: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
February 14, 1975: Petite-He, Reunion, France. Three humanoid be-
ings in protective gear emerged from domed disc, witness injured,
paralyzed, by flash of light (sections IX, XII).
February 17, 1975: Harlowton, MT. Sheriff, county and state officials
observed bright, round object hovering near missile base. Object
made rapid darting movements, bobbed up and down (section I).
February 26, 1975: Lake Sorell, Tasmania. Intensely bright domed
disc, orange glow, emitted conical light beam down on lake, illuminated terrain, sped away at "colossal speed" (section VI).
March 1975: Project Blue Book files transferred from Maxwell AFB,
Alabama, to National Archives in Washington, DC.
April 3-9, 1975: Lumberton, NC. Concentration of sightings of Vshaped objects, hover-acceleration, bright illumination (section VIII).
April 15, 1975: San jose, CA. Disc-shaped object with dome, light
beam, made right-angle turn, approached, hovered; began to oscillate, shot straight up out of sight in seconds (section IV).
May 3, 1975: Tequesquitengo Lake, Mexico. Three domed discs paced
small aircraft, one off each wing and one behind, cmifirmed by
radar. E-M effects on radio, aircraft lifted (section Ill).
May 3, 1975: San Antonio, TX. Saturn-shaped UFO, E-M effects on
truck, two humanoids visible through transparent dome (section
XII).
May 4, 1975: Eta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
july-November 1975: Northern U.S. and Canada. Concentration of
sightings (section VIII).
july 2, 1975: Hawaii. Photos of Saturn-shaped object, very similar to
Hamazaki videotape of]uly 6-7, 1989 (section VII).
july 29, 1975: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
july 31, 1975: Loxton, South Africa. Oval object, occupants visible;
light struck witness in face, nose bleed and vomiting. Physical
traces at site (section XII).
August ll, 1975: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 13, 1975: Alamogordo, NM. Sgt. Charles L. Moody abduction
case (section XIII).
August 14, 1975: Stockton, CA. Pilots and air traffic controllers at airport observed red-orange disc, gray mist formed, object shot out of
sight (sections III, IX).
August 29, 1975: Muret, Haute-Garonne, France. Gray, disc-shaped
UFO, bright illumination, darted above car, hovered, cast pulsating
light beam down on it. Physiological effects (section VI).
September 30, 1975: Corning, CA. Domed disc hovered, illuminated
area "like daylight," cows fled; emitted bright red light, humming
sound, took off at high speed (sections IX, X).
October 17, 1975: Helena, MT. Large object with green flashing lights
passed over truck from behind, hovered ahead, lights and engine
failed, light beam directed toward truck (sections VII, IX).
October 20, 1975: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 27-28, 1975: Loring AFB, ME. Objects with body lights penetrated security areas on two consecutive nights, hovered near
weapons storage area, tracked on radar (section II).
October 30, 1975: Wurtsmith AFB, MI. Security police and others
watched objects breach security areas, hover low over weapons
storage area (section II).
November 5, 1975: Heber, AZ. Travis Walton abduction case (section
XIII).
November 7-8, 1975: Malmstrom AFB, MT. Base personnel saw orange disc that breached security area, illuminated missile site,
tracked on radar (section II).
November 11, 1975: Falconbridge, Ontario, Canada. Civilians, police
officers, military officers, and NORAD radar saw and tracked UFOs
that alternately hovered and darted around at high speed (section II).
1976
january 3, 1976: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 6, 1976: Stanford, KY. Domed disc with body lights descended, illuminated car interior with blue light; missing time, abduction, physiological effects (section XIII).
june 11, 1976: Le Martinet, Drome, France. Dome-shaped object hovered above road, E-M effects on car; missing time, abduction (section XIII).
july 29, 1976: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
September 10, 1976: Colusa, CA. Low-hovering disc with dome, rotating rim and bright lights, power failure. Object moved away,
shone beams of light down (section I).
September 19, 1976: Tehran, Iran. F-4 fighter aircraft attempted intercept of radar-visual UFO, E-M system failures, physiological effects (section II).
October 7, 197 6: Sir Eric Gairy, Prime Minister of Grenada, addressed
the UN General Assembly urging recognition of UFOs as a serious
international scientific problem.
October 17, 1976: Akita Airport, japan. Control tower and airline pilot on runway observed glowing disc like "two plates placed together" hovering to south; object then flew away (section III).
1977
January-May, 1977: UK. Miniwave of UFO sightings, including round
and triangular objects (section VIII).
January 21, 1977: St. Bernard Parish, LA. Boat brightly illuminated by
round glowing object, abnormal silence, heat, boat held back as if
by invisible force, light beam, time loss (section VI).
January 21, 1977: Bogota, Colombia. Brilliant white light zigzagging
erratically at high speed, confirmed on ground and airborne radar;
responded to pilot flashing his landing lights (section Ill).
February 18, 1977: Salto, Uruguay. Disc hovered, illuminated barnyard, farm animals reacted, watchdog later died. Witness felt electric shock, heat, paralysis; physiological and physical effects (section VI).
February 24, 1977: Langenargen, Lake Constance, Germany. Humanoid encounter (section XII).
March 7, 1977: Chaumont, Haute-Marne, France. Radar-visual UFO
approached Mirage bomber, sped away (section II).
March 9, 1977: Nelson, North Lancashire, UK. Brightly lighted ellipse
hovered, car engine failed, lights dimmed; pressure, tingling sensation felt; physiological effects (section VI).
May 1977: France. Groupe d'Etude des Phenomenes Aerospatiaux
Non-Identifies (GEPAN) organized under the auspices of the
French national space agency for the study of UFOs.
July 1, 1977: Aviano, Italy. Luminous round object with dome hovered above a NATO base security zone, spinning; changed color,
emitted sound like swarm of bees (section II).
July 29, 1977: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
August 3, 1977: Thaxted, North Essex, UK. Orange-red objects hovered nearby, car lost power (section VII).
September 22, 1977: El Paso, TX. Object with row of "windows" overtook airliner, accelerated, made 90-degree turn, soared upward out
of sight (section Ill).
September 22, 1977: Omaha, NE. Three objects like aircraft tracked
on FAA radar in V-formation at almost 17,000 mph (section VII).
October 26, 1977: Between Abilene and Dallas, TX. Red sphere ahead
of airplane, navigation instruments and radio E-M effects; UFO
changed color to white, climbed vertically at high speed (section Ill).
November 29, 1977: Waimata Valley, Gisborne, New Zealand. Hovering dome-shaped object sped toward witness, stopped, beamed
blue light onto dead tree, which fluoresced in bright colors. Sheep
fled (section VI).
December 8, 1977: Los Angeles, CA. Four UFOs tracked on radar;
bright, circular objects maneuvered around airliner (section III).
December 13, 1977: Geminid meteor shower (mean date).
December 17, 1977: Colorado and South Dakota. Two UFOs tracked
on radar giving "strong" returns, at speeds in excess of 1,000 mph.
One made head-on pass at an aircraft, observed on radar (section
VII).
December 22, 1977: North Atlantic. White disc, red blinking lights
top and bottom, paced airliner for 20 minutes; emitted green
"smoke" from underside, sped out of sight (section III).
1978
January 1, 1978: Santa Monica, CA. Veteran pilot observed domed
disc with portholes (section Ill).
January 3, 1978: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
January 9-10, 1978: South Middleton, MA. Humanoid case (section
XII).
January 18, 1978: McGuire AFB, NJ. Formations of UFOs seen, MP at
adjacent Fort Dix shot humanoid being, AF security police found
body on deserted runway (section II).
January 28, 1978: American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
held symposium on Space and UFOs in Los Angeles, CA.
March 1978: Minnesota. Widespread UFO sightings, including formations and disc-shaped objects with windows (section VIII).
March 18, 1978: Summerville, SC. William]. Herrmann abduction
case (section XIII).
April 2, 1978: Strinestown, PA. Round object with body lights hovered ahead of car, made pulsating sound; tilted down, beamed a
bright light from the top onto car (section XII).
May 14, 1978: Ocala, FL. Navy radar tracked an oblong object with
body lights, illuminating the terrain, observed by citizens. Object
alternately hovered and accelerated (section I).
June ll, 1978: Los Angeles, CA. Cessna pilot observed small silvery
oval that maneuvered near his plane (section III).
July-December, 1978: Italian, South American, Middle Eastern, and
Asian UFO wave. (See separate chronology, section VIII.)
July 6, 1978: Mendoza, Argentina. Car levitated, altered environment,
memory loss, translocation of vehicle (sections XII, XIII).
July 23, 1978: Lake Michigan. Several Coast Guard stations observed
cigar-shaped object with same pattern of body lights, moving at
very high rate of speed (section II).
july 27, 1978: Union, MO. Woman reported brilliantly lighted object
buzzed her car, briefly lifted it off road (section VII).
july 27-28, 1978: Union, MO. Rash of UFO sightings reported to police over two days, probably including Delta Aquarid meteors (section VIII).
july 29, 1978: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
August ll, 1978: Roosevelt, UT. Silver dome-shaped object, green
glow, hovered overhead, began circling; E-M effects, dogs whined;
UFO finally took off at high speed (section V).
August ll, 1978: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 22, 1978: Adelaide to Perth, Australia. Object ahead of airliner, opening appeared, smaller objects emerged, maneuvered
around it, reentered and "departed at a tremendous speed." (sections III, X).
September 17, 1978: Torrita di Siena, Italy. Car engine and lights
failed, domed disc descended onto road; two small humanoids
emerged, examined car, reentered object, took off (section XII).
September 18, 1978: Melaria, Porto Nogaro district, Italy. Whistling
sound, disc-shaped object with dome on mudflat. Small humanoid
emerged, made repair to craft, took off with loud explosive sound
(section XII).
September 22-23, 1978: Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Car participating in road rally brightly illuminated by glowing object,
lifted off road, driver and passenger blinded, steering control lost
(section VI).
October 20, 1978: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 21, 1978: Bass Strait, Australia. Cessna pilot Frederick Valentich aerial encounter with elongated object, plane and pilot disappeared (section III).
October 30, 1978: Tobalaba Airfield, Santiago, Chile. Pilots and air
traffic controllers saw shiny objects, one sped away, circled, maneuvered, descended in distance (sections III, IV).
November 9, 1978: Kuwait. Technicians observed landing of discshaped object in oil field, E-M effects on oil pumps and communications (section IV).
November 21, 1978: Newfoundland. Two airliner crews encountered
disc with dome, structural features, emitting light beams (sections
III, IX).
November 27, December 8, 1978: UN committee meetings on UFOs.
Speakers included]. Allen Hynek, jacques Vallee, Stanton Friedman, lawrence J. Coyne.
December 21-22,31, 1978: New Zealand radar-visual and photo cases.
1979
january 3, 1979: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 3, 1979: Mindalore, South Africa. Dog barked, mother and
child saw craft on ground, humanoid encounter (section XII).
january 5, 1979: Auburn, MA. Three glowing, red triangular objects
confronted car, forward motion impeded, physiological effects
(section VII).
February 5, 1979: Lawitta, Tasmania. Brilliant illumination of car,
E-M effects; driver shocked and dazed, memory loss (section XII).
March 6, 1979: Westminster, SC. Dome-shaped object skimmed treetops, moved up and down, illuminated area. Similar object hovered
over highway, swept area with light beam (section VI).
May 1, 1979: Vizcacheras, Argentina. Oil field landing, reaction to
light, landing traces (sections VII, X).
May 4, 1979: Eta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
May 26, 1979: Hailey, ID. Private pilot and airline crew saw string of
orange objects maneuvering and changing formation, tracked on
radar (section lll).
july-December 1979: Los Angeles and San Fernando Valley, CA. Flurries of sightings (section Vlll).
July 29, 1979: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
August 4, 1979: Canoga Park, CA. Large, glowing disc with bubblelike dome on top, two humanoid beings visible through transparent dome (section XII).
August 9, 1979: Hayfork, CA. Pilot observed two disc-shaped objects
below his plane, contour flying "on the deck" through hills and
valleys (sections lll, X).
August ll, 1979: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 29, 1979: Ernestowo, Poland. Silvery cigar with orange light
and square windows approached, hovered, finally sped away over
horizon (section IX).
September 14, 1979: Canoga Park, CA. Disc with flamelike jets
around perimeter hovered ahead of car, darted from point to point;
took off at "very high speed" (section X).
1980
March 8, 1980: Wilmington, NC. Object buzzed car, jetlike sound,
bright illumination; dog howled as if his ears hurt (section XII).
March 22, 1980: Burlington, VT. Three smaller objects were observed
on airport radar joining a larger, brighter object, then separating
again (section VII).
April 2, 1980: Pudasjarvi, Finland. Car drove into "fog," headlights
deflected upwards, driver abducted onto silvery domed object with
portholes, examined on metallic table (section XIII).
April10, 1980: Lincolnton, NC. Red disc-shaped object emitted light
beam to ground; took off with intense humming sound leaving exhaust trail (section IX).
April 20, 1980: San Mateo, CA. Five apparently metallic Saturnshaped objects, high-speed flight in formation at low altitude, visible against local terrain (section IV).
April 21, 1980: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
May 2, 1980: San Jose, California. Shiny sphere flying with rapid up
and down motions observed through binoculars; stopped, spinning, over Lick Observatory, accelerated rapidly and sped away
(section VI).
May 4, 1980: Eta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
May 7, 1980: Valdese, NC. Disc with dome maneuvered near car, E-M
effects on radio (section XII).
May 14, 1980: Simpson County, MS. Glowing disc cast light beam
onto road; car entered beam, headlights flickered off and on several
times, afterwards worked normally (sections VII, IX).
August 21, 1980: East Texas. Young woman and daughter driving
home, E-M effects on car, car lifted off road onto craft, humanoids
examined them on tables in room with "fog" on floor (section
XIII).
September 30, 1980: Rosedale, Victoria, Australia. Spinning topshaped object with body lights, whistling sound, landed near water tank, vibrations felt, uncomfortable sound, livestock reacted.
Physical traces (section I).
October 20, 1980: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 23, 1980: Morenci, AZ. Boomerang-shaped object with body
lights shone brilliant light beam down smoke stacks, accelerated,
made noninertial turn. Satellite objects (section 1).
November 16, 1980: Leonid meteor shower (mean date).
November 19, 1980: Longmont, CO. Light beamed onto car, lights
and radio failed, car levitated on board domed craft surrounded by
dense cloud or mist, couple examined. Car placed back on road
(section XIII).
November 24, 1980: Official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported
that an association to study UFOs had been established in Peking.
November 28, 1980: Todmorden, West Yorkshire, UK. Constable Alan
Godfrey encountered craft on road, time loss. Abduction scenario
emerged under hypnosis (section XIII).
December 4, 1980: Perth, Western Australia. Radar-visual sighting of
four objects at airport (section VII).
December 27-30, 1980: Bentwaters AFB, UK. Air Force security police encounter with landed craft in Rendlesham Forest, physical evidence (section 11).
December 29, 1980: Huffman, TX. Diamond- or spindle-shaped object blocked vehicle; heat, sound, strong physiological effects indicating radioactivity. Mystery helicopters followed UFO (section
VI).
1981
january 3, 1981: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
january 6, 1981: Payson, AZ. Four silvery discs executed turns, maneuvers, in a diamond formation. Objects flashed in sunlight as
they turned, crossed western sky (sections V, X).
january 8, 1981: Trans-en-Provence, France. Landing, physical trace
case investigated by official French agency (section I).
january 9-March 7, 1981: Northern California. Local concentration of
sightings (section VIII).
january 25, 1981: Chatsworth, CA. Hovering cigar- or spindle-shaped
object, disc with dome, darting motions, numerous photographs
taken (section VII).
February 9, 1981: San jose, CA. Red-lighted object made pass at aircraft, instant relocation; "very tight turns," hovered, accelerated
away at "extremely high rate of speed." (section I).
Aprill2, 1981: Goodhue, MN. Two-foot diameter aluminum-like disc
hovered a few feet off road about 40 feet away; climbed rapidly
through sky and disappeared in distance (section IV).
April20, 1981: Reno, NV. Small, shiny object below private plane; object fluttered or tilted, accelerated rapidly, sped away (sections Ill,
IX).
April 21, 1981: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
june 12, 1981: Alice, TX. Disc with dome hovered over truck, forward
motion impeded, truck lifted off road (section VII).
july 4, 1981: Over Lake Michigan. Major airline L-1011 jumbo jet en
route from San Francisco to New York City encountered silvery
disc-shaped object (section Ill).
july 12, 1981: Temuka, New Zealand. Brightly lighted, dome-shaped
object with windows approached, turned, followed car, bright illumination. Object finally shot away (section I).
july 29, 1981: Delta Aquarid meteor shower (mean date).
July 31, 1981: Lieksa, Finland. Black sphere and satellite lights seen,
two approached motorboat, one surrounded by "fog." Paralysis
felt, missing time, physiological effects (section VII).
August 30, 1981: El Cajon, CA. UFO brightly illuminated car, witness
badly frightened, memory loss. Fired pistol at object circling the
car, fled at high speed. Red dots like puncture marks found on
wrists (section IV).
September 18, 1981: Conejo Valley, CA. Triangular objects with body
lights, humming sound, observed three times over freeway and valley area (section VI).
October 1981: Texas Gulf Coast. Local concentration of sightings
(section VIII).
October 8, 1981: Vancouver Island, B.C., Canada. Daylight disc photo
(section VII).
November 1981: Hessdalen, Norway. Localized concentration began,
continuing off and on for several years. Many structured object
cases, photographs (see january-February 1984).
November 24, 1981: Marshall, TX. Domed disc hovered nearby,
beamed light down onto truck. Driver fled, object followed and
beamed light on truck a second time before departing (section VI).
December 19, 1981: Areal, Brazil. UFO swooped over vehicle, blocked
road (section XII).
1982
February 19, 1982: Allen, Rio Negro Province, Argentina. E-M effects
on car, dome-shaped object overhead, driver blacked out, taken to
hospital with memory loss, physiological effects (section VII).
March 1-5, 1982: A worldwide nuclear war game was directed from
the White House (source: House Committee on Foreign Affairs,
Subcommittee on International Security & Scientific Affairs hearing, April 2, 1982. Rep. Larry Winn, Jr. [R-Kans.] presiding).
May 22, 1982: Cleveland, TX. Diamond-shaped object with body
lights, bright "headlights," flew overhead, seen clearly in police
spotlight. Abnormal silence (section V).
June 10, 1982: Madbury, NH. Wedge-shaped object with body lights
hovered low over reservoir, lights reflecting in water; instant relocation, red light beam shone on house, then on car (section I).
November 2, 1982: Maxial, Estremadura Province, Portugal. Shiny
disc below two military aircraft darted up to their altitude, rapidly
circled one of them, sped out of sight (section II).
November 16, 1982: Leonid meteor shower (mean date).
November 19, 1982: Temperanceville, VA. Circular object with body
lights shone light beam down into field, three humanoid silhouettes visible inside. Object rose, flew directly over car, humming
sound (sections IX, XII).
November 27, 1982: Palatine, IL. Luminous object brightly illuminated police car, changed direction when pursued. Domed disc
shape seen to east, light beam toward ground, descended behind
tree line (section V).
Late 1982-early 1983: New York State and Connecticut. "Night Siege"
boomerangs, continuing for a long period of time (section Vlll).
1983
March 24, 1983: Bedford, NY, and vicinity. Wing or V-shaped UFO
hovered, emitted light beam downward (section IX).
April 10, 1983: Ross, OH. Luminous object landed, E-M effects, animal reaction; UFO rose from field illuminating area, body lights
visible, accelerated rapidly out of sight, physical traces (section I).
October 15, 1983: Altoona, PA. Silvery disc passed over car, right
wheels lifted off road, car lights blinked off and on; car dropped
hard back onto road, engine stalled; severe physiological effects
(section VI).
October 20, 1983: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
1984
january-February 1984: Hessdalen Valley, near Roros, Norway. Numerous sightings, radar trackings, photographs by scientific field
team with instruments (section VII).
Lull in sightings for nearly two years.
1985
September 15, 1985: Bagshot Heath, Surrey, UK. Disc-shaped object
hovered ahead of car; second object paced alongside car, bright illumination of area (section IX).
November 16, 1985: Leonid meteor shower (mean date).
November 19, 1985: Madison, WI. Silent, triangular object with body
lights (section IX).
November 22, 1985: DeForest, WI. Silent triangular object (section
IX).
December 26, 1985: Ulster County, NY. Whitley Strieber alien encounter (section XIII).
1986
January 3, 1986: Quadrantid meteor shower (mean date).
January 7, 1986: Butler, PA. UFO emitted six light beams toward
ground. About 20 minutes later in Pittsburgh, silver-gray disc with
body lights hovered, mist formed around it. Object tilted, moved
out of sight (section IX).
February 28, 1986: New Castle, PA. Hovering oval object, body lights,
brightly illuminated the area, moved up, down, and sideways. Dog
agitated during sighting (section VII).
March 19-June 15, 1986: Brazil. Concentration of sightings including
many physiological effects cases and traumatic effects (section VIII).
May 11, 1986: Sedona, AZ. Cessna pilot and wife saw dome-shaped
object make head-on pass at plane (section III).
May 19, 1986: Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Radar-visual and
pilot sightings, military jet interceptors scrambled in pursuit (section II).
August 11, 1986: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 12, 1986: Eastern United States. 9:50-10:10 P.M. Lighted object seen over wide area moving SW to NE was Japanese satellite.
August 15, 1986: Calalzo di Cadore (Bellino), Italy. UFO landed, witness had two-hour memory loss, strong physical traces at site.
Memory later returned of two humanoid beings, views inside a
craft (section XIII).
October 20, 1986: Orionid meteor shower (mean date).
October 20, 1986: Edmonton, Queensland, Australia. Blue-green oval
ahead of car, forward motion impeded (section VII).
November 16, 1986: Leonid meteor shower (mean date).
November 17, 1986: Fort Yukon, AK. Japan Airlines freighter aircraft
encountered lighted maneuvering objects; bright illumination,
heat, radar-visual, E-M effects, satellite objects (section III).
1987
January-March, 1987: Belleville, WI. Flurry of sightings including
cigar-shaped objects, a radar tracking, and other features (section
VIII).
February 7, 1987: Potters Mills, PA. Motorists encountered hovering
large oval object, lights around perimeter, terrain brightly illuminated (section IX).
May 16, 1987: Airliner en route from Toronto to Winnipeg, Canada.
Huge unidentified target on weather radar for four minutes (section VII).
August ll, 1987: Osbornville, NJ. Shiny oval, hovered; brightened,
took off like a shot, left white trail; stopped abruptly, maneuvered,
lights flashed, shot straight up out of sight (sections IX, X).
August ll, 1987: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
September 1, 1987: Bangor, WA. Ellipse with windows beamed light
down on children in playground, two humanoids visible in object
(section XII).
September-December, 1987: Foreman and Ashdown, AR. Sighting
concentration, including 60 reports to sheriff's office in Little River
County.
November-December, 1987: Central North Dakota. Flurry of sightings including oval objects with flashing body lights.
November ll, 1987: Gulf Breeze, FL. First five photos reported taken
by builder Ed Walters (section VII).
December 12, 1987: About 8:50P.M. (CST). Soviet rocket casing orbital decay and atmospheric re-entry, multiple fiery objects from
NW toSE.
December 13, 1987: Geminid meteor shower (mean date).
December 14, 1987: Launceston, Northern Tasmania. Elliptical object
landed ahead of car, blocked road; headlights and engine failed, blinding light from underside. Car dragged toward object (section XII).
1988
January 19, 1988: Foreman, AR. Glowing red object followed car,
moved up and down as if following contours of local terrain (section X).
January 20, 1988: Mundrabilla, Western Australia. Knowles family
encounter with oval object that buzzed car, car lifted off road,
physical traces (section VI).
February ll, 1988: Beira, Mozambique. Pilot saw hovering object, intense lights like searchlights in a triangle; climbed vertically out of
sight (section III).
March 4, 1988: Eastlake, OH. Coast Guard witnesses, large illuminated ellipse hovering over Lake Erie, landing on ice. Smaller triangular objects emerged, zipped around independently (section 1).
March 20, 1988: Wisconsin. john Salter, Jr., and john, lll, abduction
(section Xlll).
March 23, 1988: East Tamar Highway, Tasmania. Motorists saw bright
light ahead, engine lost power, radio failed. Four square yellow
lights and light beam visible. Car returned to normal after lights
disappeared (Basterfield, 1997 a).
December 4, 1988: Harrisburg, PA. Silvery oval object hovered, brilliant illumination, physiological effects. UFO maneuvered erratically, emitted silvery white trail when flew away (section V).
1989
February 1989: Fyffe, AL. Local concentration of sightings.
April 21, 1989: Crestview, FL. Witness aimed rifle at hovering disc,
brilliant white light on underside, humming sound. Light beam engulfed him, rifle misfired, object sped away (section IX).
April 21, 1989: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
July-October 1989: Soviet Union. Several abduction cases. (Vallee,
1992).
july 6, 1989: Hakui City, Kanazawa Prefecture, japan. Videorecorder
film taken of a white, Saturn-shaped object with squarish ring that
changed direction, rose at a steep angle at high speed (section VII).
July 22, 1989: Blue Hill Bay, ME. Private pilot saw shiny oval object
making quick starts and stops (section III).
August 10, 1989: Estepona, Spain. Videotape taken of hovering object
that rotated, split in two, then faded or "dissolved." (section VII).
August 11, 1989: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 31, 1989: Butler Township. PA. Luminous mushroom-shaped
object hovered over field, two smaller objects with red lights
emerged, operated independently, departed at high speed (section X).
September 21-0ct. 7, 1989: Voronezh, USSR. UFO sighting concentration in vicinity. Four landings and three different kinds of entities reported (sections VIII, XII); geodesic engineer saw maneuvering airship-like object September 24 (section IV).
October 1989-May 1990: Belgium. Concentration of triangular UFO
sightings, jet interceptor chases, radar-visual sightings (see November 29, 1989; March 30, 1990).
November 7, 1989: Western KS. Double abduction case investigated
by John Carpenter (section Xlll).
November 29, 1989: Eupen, Belgium. Police patrol car illuminated by
brilliant light beam, hovering dark triangular object, humming
noise, alternately moved and hovered (section I).
November 30, 1989: New York City. Linda Cortile's (pseudonym) abduction from 12th floor apartment, allegedly witnessed by international figure and security guards (Hopkins, 1996).
1990
january 8, 1990: Gulf Breeze, FL. Dark round or oblong object with
red body light photographed by several people (section VII).
january 20, 1990: Boyle, MS. Silvery object with two rows of lights
paced just ahead of car for two to three miles; engine, lights failed
until object departed (section XII).
January 24, 1990: Central United States. Fireball meteor observed
about 6:15A.M. arcing from northwest to southeast.
january 26, 1990: Eastern United States. Long-lasting fireball meteor,
blue-green with short tail, changing to white and orange as it broke
up, observed about 7:10P.M. moving northeast.
February 23, 1990: Northeastern United States. Prominent fireball
meteor changing color from white to green to orange observed
about 7:50 P.M.
March 2, 1990: Beavercreek, IL. Brilliant white pulsating oval paced
truck, hovered over road, instant relocation over truck; cast light
beam down (sections IX, X).
March 4, 1990: Wood End, Provincetown, MA. Sphere with windows
seen from boat near lighthouse. Several objects took off at high
speed with loud booms, stopped, hovered, flashed bright white
lights (section VI).
March 21, 1990: Pereslavl-Zalesskiy, Russia. jet interceptor scrambled
to identify radar target, saw two flashing white lights, locked radar
gunsight on object (section I).
March 27, 1990: Kokomo, IN. Blindingly bright oval object approached car, passed low overhead. Driver fled, looked back, saw
object hovering over a field (section XII).
March 30, 1990: Brussels and Wavre, Belgium. Gendarmes reported
luminous, high speed objects; jet interceptors scrambled, multiple
radar tracks of fast-moving objects (section II).
May 24, 1990: North Huntingdon, PA. Dark, delta-shaped object with
large white lights around edge hovered; departed at high speed
(sections IX, X).
October 10, 1990: Skibo, MN. Formations of white objects with red
and green body lights alternately hovered and darted around.
Unidentified objects also tracked on radar (section IV).
1991
january 13, 1991: Pittsburgh, PA. U.S. Air flight crew saw a rectangular, light-reflective object that flew into clouds (section III).
March 6, 1991: Northeastern United States. (Maine to West Virginia).
2:50 to 3:00 A.M. Fireball meteor, green and red sparks, moving east
or north.
March 6, 1991: Kingston, Ontario, Canada. 7:58A.M. Glowing bluegreen cigar-shaped object crossed path of airliner (section III).
April21, 1991: Heathrow Airport, London, UK. Alitalia Airlines plane
on final approach saw round object cross its path, confirmed by
radar (section III).
April 21, 1991: Lyrid meteor shower (mean date).
june 8, 1991: Concepcion, Paraguay. Pilots encountered and radar
tracked reddish oval object that paced a small aircraft and hovered
above airport, E-M effects on plane (section III).
September 19, 1991: Medjugorje, Yugoslavia. American tourist took
photo of church, unexplained image showed up in picture when
developed (section VII).
1992
February 24, 1992: Pacific Northwest (Oregon). 12:15 A.M. Bright
green fireball meteor, wavered, split up, bright illumination, sonic
boom.
March 19, 1992: Haines City, FL. Glowing green dome-shaped object
maneuvered around patrol car, E-M effects, officer badly frightened
(section V).
August 11, 1992: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
August 14, 1992: Homer City, PA. Triangular silvery object passed
over car, blue flashing body lights; made sharp turns, moved out of
sight (section IX).
August 19, 1992: Tucson, AZ. Manta ray-shaped object with body
lights approached car, falling leaf motions, hovered, light beam
brightly illuminated terrain (section VI).
October 9, 1992: Kentucky to New York State. About 7:50P.M. Greenorange fireball meteor southwest to northeast on flat trajectory for
about 17 seconds, broke up over southeastern New York; large meteorite fell in Peekskill, NY.
November-December, 1992: San Luis Valley, CO. Numerous sightings
in Saguache County (section VIII).
1993
May 20, 1993: Ottawa, Canada. Airliner crew saw dark blue, metallicappearing triangular object (section lll).
June-November 1993: Antelope Valley, CA. Numerous sightings,
photographs reportedly taken (section Vlll).
June 8, 1993: Antelope Valley, CA. Round UFO with satellite objects
(section X).
July 13, 1993: Syracuse, IN. Cigar-shaped object with red body lights
maneuvered at low level (section I).
July 20, 1993: Antelope Valley, CA. Round UFO with satellite objects
(section X).
August 8, 1993: Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Five people in two
separate cars encountered UFO on road, experienced missing time.
Memories returned gradually without hypnosis, including tall beings who abducted them (Chalker, 1996).
August ll, 1993: Perseid meteor shower (mean date).
1994
January 27, 1994: Kazakhstan Republic. Luminous UFO maneuvered
erratically near airliner (section Ill).
January 28, 1994: Paris, France. Air France airliner-UFO encounter,
tracked on military radar (section I).
February 1, 1994: Badalucco, Liguria, Italy. Cigar-shaped object illuminated car with light beam, E-M effects (section I).
February 15, 1994: Enkoping, Sweden. Vehicle encounter with glowing oblong object, E-M effects (section I).
July 24, 1994: Near Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Motorists encountered glowing orange oblong objects, one followed car; diamond-shaped object hovered overhead when they stopped to look.
Missing time period discovered upon arrival home (Basterfield,
1997b).
September 9, 1994: Racoon Lake, IN. Green- and red-lighted object
with satellite objects (section I).
1995
May 25, 1995: Bovina, TX. America West airline crew observed cigarshaped object with pulsating lights (section I).

==========================================================
SECTION I. Overview and Guide to Other Sections

The original volume of The UFO Evidence (1964) covered the first
15 years of modern UFO history, from 1947 through 1963. Strong
patterns among UFO sightings were recorded for the appearance, performance, and evidential features or effects of UFOs. This volume covers the next 30 years of UFO history, 1964-1993, in detail. Selected
reports since 1993 are summarized briefly. The wealth of new data
strongly confirms the established patterns of earlier years. In addition,
a few new patterns have been noted that were not obvious during the
first 15 years.
Recurring features of UFO sightings are emphasized in italics in
the following cases. Numerous other examples of the emphasized features may be found throughout this report. In fact, the descriptions of
objects seen and the associated features reported here constitute a definition of "UFO" (see section XI). They provide a cross section of the
UFO mystery.
Have UFO Sightings in Recent
Decades Confirmed Earlier Patterns?
Disc-shaped (plus elliptical, oval, cigar, and cone-shaped) objects
have been a staple of UFO sightings for 50 years. Among the many
other recurring features are body lights, light beams, brilliant illumination of the local terrain, electromagnetic (E-M) effects, physiological effects on witnesses, and objects that both hover (sometimes for
prolonged periods of time) and then accelerate rapidly to extraordinary speeds, often departing upward and disappearing in seconds (see
sections IX, X).
Far from the stereotype of remote "lights in the sky," credible witnesses have reported structured objects of standard configuration, observed at close range, that have displayed awesome performance capabilities.
Horace Burns, a gunsmith, was driving east along Route 250 between Staunton and Waynesboro, VA, on December 21, 1964, at
about 5:00P.M. Suddenly he saw an immense cone-shaped object cross
low over the highway ahead of him, the point (top) of the cone tipped
forward in the object's line of flight. It crossed the highway about 200
feet (60 meters) ahead and settled in a meadow to the right of the
road, landing gently "like a bubble." At the moment the object crossed
the highway, Burns's car motor Jailed, and he coasted to a stop on the
side of the road.
Burns got out of the car to get a better look. "It was 125 feet [37 meters) in diameter, at least, and 80 to 90 feet [24-27 meters] high," he
later told investigators. It had six layers and resembled a beehive (see
sketch below). The object was so large that it had more than filled the
width of his windshield. In the gathering darkness, Burns could not
make out the exact nature of the craft, but it seemed to have a dull metallic finish. Around the base of the object was a band of glowing light.
He watched the object for a minute or longer from a distance of
about 150 yards (135 meters), when it suddenly rose straight up to a
December 21, 1964: Waynesboro, VA
UFO crossed highway, landed in field, left radiation traces.
October 15, 1966: Split Rock Pond, Nj
Disc-shaped object beamed light onto car, engine and headlights failed,
physiological effects.
37
height of several hundred feet, emitted a soft "whooshing" sound, and
took off at a high rate of speed in a northeasterly direction, again with
the top tilted forward in the line of flight, and disappeared in seconds.
A professor at a local college tested the landing area with a geiger
counter on December 31 and found an extremely high reading. This
was confirmed by two DuPont research engineers independently on
the same day.'
(For other cone reports, see March 14, 1965, Everglades; September 20, 1966, Sebring, FL.; February 2, 196 7, Lima, Peru; September
10, 1967, Barcelona, Spain.)
jerry H. Simons, 22, a forester, was driving home about 4:30 A.M.,
on October 15, 1966, after camping out in Split Rock Pond, Nj. He
saw a red-orange glow around his car, then noticed a disc-shaped object following him. The light from the object brightly illuminated the
ground, and his headlights and engine Jailed. The E-M effects were correlated with the light beam, occurring only when the car was within
the illuminated area (see March 4, 1969, Atlanta, MO, below). When
he stopped to report the incident and then returned to his car, he
found that the engine had started up spontaneously.
Several weeks later the engine inexplicably exploded. Shortly after
the sighting, Simons had a cyclical recurring illness lasting three
months (physiological effects) and was hospitalized, but no cause
could be found' (see section VII, E-M Effects, Physiological Effects).
On February 19, 1968, at 11:50 A.M., Mrs. Martha Heggs, a farm
woman in Bengough, Saskatchewan, Canada, heard a high-pitched
whine and felt a tingling sensation throughout her body as she saw a
HAL. IFebruary 19, 1968: Bengough, Saskatchewan, Canada
Disc emitting high-pitched whine maneuvered around farm, frightened
animals.
dull aluminum disc-shaped object with dome and porthole-like markings over the farm. The object circled around a 29-foot (9-meter) pole
with an electric transformer on it. Her dog cowered in the snow with
its paws over its ears, and 16 head of cattle bolted when the object
moved into the pasture area (animal reactions).
The object moved around close to the ground, circling various vehicles and structures on the farm as if aware of and curious about
them (curiosity, intelligence). Finally it flew away to the north at low
altitude (see section VII, Animal Reactions).
William Overstreet, a mail carrier, was driving east near Atlanta,
MO, on March 4, 1969, when he encountered a round, glowing red
object emitting a blindingly bright light beam to the ground, and he felt
heat. The object paced just ahead of his vehicle. When the witness
drove into the light beam, his motor and radio failed. The E-M effects
were correlated with the light beam, and the vehicle functioned normally outside of its illumination. Overstreet trailed the object for
about four miles (6.4 km) at about 40 mph (64 kmlh) as it rose and
fell as if following contours of the terrain. After seven or eight minutes
the object veered off to the southeast and flew out of sight (see
Aprill7, 1966, Ravenna, OH case, below).
A woman (name on file) was driving home on March 6, 1969, in
Lancaster, MO, on a clear, sunny day with her St. Bernard dog sleep-
ing on the back seat. The dog suddenly started barking, jumped into
the front seat with the hair on its back bristling, frightened and whimpering, and tried to hide under the dashboard or front seat (animal reactions). At this point the woman saw a very bright blue-white light
beam shining down on the road just ahead. It illuminated the full 24-
foot (7-meter) width of the road and about a foot (30 em) beyond on
each side. What looked like dust particles were visible in the beam.
The road beyond the beam was distorted as though viewed through
heat waves.
The car was going 50-55 mph (80-90 km/h) when it entered the
beam, and slowed abruptly to about 10 mph (16 km/h), despite the
fact that the accelerator pedal was pressed to the floor (inertial effect).
The woman looked up and saw a silver, metallic-appearing domed disc
hovering above the road. Its brilliant light caused her to squint. The
beam was coming from a small opening in the base. After passing
through the beam, the car picked up speed again and ran smoothly.
The woman's eyes were irritated for about three days after the incident
(physiological effects).'
On September 10, 1976, near Colusa, CA, mechanic Bill Pecha experienced a power failure in his mobile home at 12:45 A.M. and stepped outside to check the circuit breakers. He felt static electricity,
looked up and saw a brightly lighted disc with dome hovering almost
overhead at an altitude of about 50-60 feet (15-18 meters). The object's diameter was estimated to be 150 feet (45 meters). The rim was
rotating, and the bright light that emanated from the bottom dimmed
when hovering. The object had a large red light in front and other
lights on either end (body lights). On the underside were six protrusions like dangling cables, and on each end were hooklike extensions.
When Pecha stepped toward the object, it retreated, moving slowly
out over a field, the "cables" retracting. The white light underneath
intensified and a cone of light projected downward, but initially the
beam was truncated before reaching the ground. (European investigators refer to this phenomenon as "solid light.") The object maneuvered above a neighboring house illuminating the ground with beams
of light. Two other similar objects were seen in the distance casting
blue light beams down onto power lines, and an arc of light extending
upward from the lines to the objects.
The nearby object shot away at high speed to the west, its light illuminating the foothills. Then it rushed back over the neighbor's property again as the other two, more distant objects sped away in different directions. The power came back on in Pecha's mobile home after
nine minutes' total elapsed time.
September 10, 1976: Colusa, CA
Structured disc hovered overhead, maneuvered around area beaming lights
to ground.
Pecha fled with his wife and children in his pickup truck to a
friend's house, with the object following him and crisscrossing the
road a few hundred feet away. The friends came out in time to see
the object in the distance. Damage to the foliage was found in the
close-range sighting area (physical traces)6 (see section VII, Physical
Traces).
Randall Rogers and Larry Mortensen, Phelps-Dodge Corporation
copper smelting site employees, were on a break at the Morenci, AZ,
plant at 8:55P.M. on October 23, 1980. They saw a dark, boomerangshaped object with rows of red lights on leading and trailing edges approach the plant and shine a brilliant light beam down two smokestacks, one after the other. The object then accelerated rapidly to the
south, reversed direction abruptly, and returned to the smelting area.
Finally it accelerated out of sight to the north.
A few minutes later the same or a similar object was observed with
smaller red lights emerging from it and speeding away, later returning
to merge with the parent object (satellite objects). The larger object
then sped away to the north7 (see section X, Satellite Objects).
On june 10, 1982, in Madbury, NH, three witnesses saw a wedgeshaped UFO with bright white lights and smaller blue-green-red body
lights hovering about 50 feet over a reservoir, its lights reflecting off
the water surface. The time was 10:30 P.M. As they tried to drive to a
better viewing location, the object moved away. It seemed to move
from one location to another almost instantly (instant relocation).
They saw it again hovering over a house, with a wobbling or oscillatory motion. A red light beam shone down on the house and then on
the car. After a while the object approached the car from behind and
passed over it about 30 feet above the ground. 8
Do Experienced Observers Still Report UFOs?
The night of September 3, 1965, was almost perfect in southeastern
Texas: no clouds, a clear sky, sparkling stars. A three-quarter, gibbous
moon hung above the south-southwest horizon, its light throwing the
shadows of trees and buildings onto the ground. It was 11 P.M., a Friday, and deputy sheriff Bob Goode, 50, sat at the wheel of his patrol
car, heading south out of Damon toward West Columbia on Highway
36. Although he normally rode his patrols alone, an alligator had bitten him on his left index finger earlier that day, and he'd asked chief
deputy Billy McCoy, 38, to ride with him in the event the pain flared
up and interfered with his driving. He'd been handling a baby alligator in a tub-trying to set it loose, in fact, after showing it to his sonwhen the thing had suddenly turned and bitten him.
Now Goode and McCoy rolled through the moonlit Texas night,
Goode resting his arm in the open window of the door, the expanse of
the prairie surrounding them. Suddenly McCoy spotted a bright purple light on the horizon to his southwest about five to six miles away.
The men discussed several possible explanations for what they were
seeing-lamps, an oil-drilling rig-but none of them seemed to fit.
Then, without warning, a blue light-smaller in diameter than the
purple one-emerged from it and moved fitfully to the larger object's
right before stopping. Both lights remained in this orientation for a
period of time before beginning to drift upward. This upward-floating
motion, as McCoy described it, continued until the objects assumed
an elevation 5-10 degrees above the horizon. Goode then turned the
car around and looked at the lights through a pair of binoculars, but
the effort proved fruitless; no further features were revealed.
Their interest piqued, the officers began to look for back roads that
might take them closer to the lights, heading back toward Damon in
the process. Near a pasture, Goode slowed the car, angling it to the
edge of the road, and once again used the binoculars to observe the
objects through the open car window. This time, as the men watched,
the lights swooped toward them, and in one to two seconds had cov-
ered the intervening distance, abruptly stopping practically overhead.
The brilliant light was now illuminating them and the surrounding
ground in purple light. The purple and blue lights were attached to opposite ends of an enormous object, hovering about 150 feet from them
over the pasture at an altitude of about 100 feet. In his subsequent
statement to Air Force Maj. Laurence R. Leach, Jr., on September 8,
1965, McCoy described what he saw:
The bulk of the object was plainly visible at this time and appeared to
be triangular-shaped with a bright purple light on the left end and the
smaller, less bright, blue light on the right end. The bulk of the object
appeared to be dark gray in color with no other distinguishing features.
It appeared to be about 200 feet wide and 40-50 feet thick in the middle, tapering off toward both ends. There was no noise or any trail. The
bright purple light illuminated the ground [emphasis added] directly
underneath it and the area in front of it, including the highway and the
interior of our patrol car. The tall grass under the object did not appear
to be disturbed. There was a bright moon out and it cast a shadow of
the object on the ground immediately below it in the grass.
Curiously, McCoy noticed that the purple light-by far the most
prominent feature of the object-had an oval shape, and its longitudinal axis was vertically oriented and about 15 feet long. This contrasted with the blue light, which was smaller and, insofar as McCoy
could recall, did not pulsate like the purple light. To both men, the
object seemed to be "as big as a football field." A considerable amount
of heat emanated from the UFO, to the extent that Goode could feel
it through his shirt-sleeved left arm.
After a few seconds of "hollering and yelling," and with the strange
object bulking almost directly above their patrol car, the officers "immediately put the car in motion and headed toward Damon as fast as
we could go." During the wild trip back to town at speeds of up to 110
mph, McCoy kept watch out the rear window of the car, monitoring
the object's actions. For 10 to 15 seconds, the UFO continued to
hover above the pasture, not moving. Then it abruptly shot back in the
direction from which it had come. "After arriving at approximately its
original position," McCoy observed, "it went straight up in the air and
disappeared at 25-30 degrees above the horizon."
Arriving back at Damon, the shaken McCoy and Goode calmed
down with a cigarette and decided to return to the road in an attempt
to identify the object. They maneuvered down an alternate stretchthe Damon-West Columbia Road-but saw nothing. In due course,
they found themselves on Highway 36 near the area where they had
first seen the lights. Once again they spied the purple light on the
horizon, once again the smaller blue light moved out from it with a
strange two-step motion. Then the lights floated upward. Lest the entire scenario unfold as before, the deputies left the area.
Shortly after McCoy and Goode returned to West Columbia, they
informed a city judge there of the sighting. Like the deputies before
him, he too traveled to the area in question, where he staked out a position for an hour and a half without seeing anything. Goode and McCoy continued on their shift until three or four in the morning, when
they decided to stop for breakfast at a cafe. While there, the men discussed Goode's alligator bite, and Goode mentioned in passing that it
was no longer sore. Curious, they unwrapped the bandage and discovered the swelling had gone done considerably, that in fact healing
seemed to be well advanced. When the wound was scrutinized the
next day, there was virtually no scarring.
As a matter of course, the deputies reported the sighting to Ellington Air Force Base, and Maj. Laurence Leach, Jr., arrived on September 8, 1965, to interview McCoy and Goode and take a statement.
Leach was puzzled after interviewing the two men, and his report to
Project Blue Book headquarters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base indicated this. "[T]here is," he wrote, "no doubt in my mind that they
definitely saw some unusual object or phenomenon .... Both officers
appeared to be intelligent, mature, level-headed persons capable of
sound judgment and reasoning." But Blue Book headquarters was not
impressed: They promptly slapped an astronomical explanation on
the case-"Refraction of Star Antares distorted due to inversion"-
despite the objections of the deputies that the object had looked nothing like this star, then low on the southwest horizon. Ultimately, however, Maj. Hector Quintanilla, director of Project Blue Book at the
time, retracted this explanation (supposedly after a telephone conversation with McCoy) and characterized the sighting as unexplained.
One final oddity followed the spectacular events of September 3,
1965. Two days after the sighting, two small men in derby hats and
dark suits-billing themselves as "roving reporters"-walked into the
Brazoria County Courthouse looking for McCoy. Learning that McCoy
was off that day, the men arranged to meet deputy Goode at a local
restaurant, whereupon they began telling him details about his sighting before he had even had a chance to begin his commentary. Goode
reported: "They suggested that if I am contacted by such an object
again, to try and cooperate with any being that might be on board and
to keep to myself any conversation I might have with those beings."
The men went on to explain that had he and McCoy not been
afraid, they would have been invited on board the UFO, taken on a
trip, and returned unharmed. Somewhat upset by these revelations,
Goode related them to McCoy that evening, and there the matter
ended. The self-styled "reporters from Pasadena" never returned9
(R.P.S., see Acknowledgments).
About dawn on April 17, 1966, in Ravenna, OH, Portage County
deputy sheriffs Dale Spaur and Wilbur Neff were investigating an
abandoned car when they were confronted by a glowing disclike object
that rose up out of the woods and stopped overhead, illuminating them
and their surroundings. The object was making a humming sound. After
conferring with the dispatcher, they chased the object into Pennsylvania, other police witnesses from various jurisdictions joining them
en route.
The object seemed to play a cat-and-mouse game with them, speeding up and then slowing down until they could catch up again. At the
conclusion of the sighting the object moved off into the distance and
hovered motionless for a while. Finally it shot straight up out of sight,
disappearing among the background stars. 10
Business pilot William C. Powell, a former KLM Airlines pilot with
18,000 flying hours, was flying a Luscombe aircraft near Willow
Sheriff's deputies confronted by disclike UFO illuminating the area, "hot
pursuit" chase.
Grove, PA, May 21, 1966, with a friend as passenger. About 3:15P.M.
they saw a disc with dome that made a sharp turn and approached
nearly head-on. The object apparently had followed a flight of Navy
jets outbound from Willow Grove Naval Air Station. It passed beneath
Powell's right wing at a slightly lower altitude, roughly 100 yards (90
meters) away and disappeared behind the plane. "It was just like looking at a Cadillac," Powell said, referring to the clarity of its structure. 11
A land surveyor and his wife (names on file) in Claremont, NH,
were awakened about 2:00A.M. on july 30, 1968, when their children
moaned and cried out in their sleep and their German shepherd dog
whimpered and whined. Their poodle also was visibly shaking and
upset (animal reactions). They saw a dome-shaped object-a hemisphere-about 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter hovering 10 feet off the
ground about 230 feet (70 meters) away. A wide grayish beam of light
extended from the object to the ground, making sharp shadows on the
terrain.
The UFO moved about 25 feet (7.5 meters), emitting a high-pitched
humming sound like a transformer, then stayed in the new position until4:30 A.M. At one point an armlike projection extended from the object to the ground. Finally, the humming sound grew very loud, the
light brightened to high intensity, and the object moved away to the
west and disappeared. As it departed, the German shepherd whined
loudly. The couple described the experience as "very terrifying." 12
Officers ]ames Wallace and Richard Ramsdell, while patrolling in
Kingston, NY, on the early morning of july 9, 1974, saw an elliptical
object hovering about 200 feet (60 meters) above a park. It was encircled by rows of alternating red and green lights. A hazy white glow emanated from its underside. The object glided silently to within 500 feet
(150 meters), and Ramsdell turned a spotlight on it. A beam of brilliant white light shot out from underneath the object and illuminated
the entire police cruiser. The light then went off, and the object raced
away at high speed (see section V).
A UFO was observed hovering over the ICBM site near Harlowton,
MT, on February 17, 1975. At about 9:00 P.M., Wheatland County
sheriff Richard Egebakken, three deputies, a county commissioner,
and a state game warden saw a bright, round object hovering at about
500 feet (150 meters) and maneuvering near the "Kilo One" ICBM
base. When Deputy Larry Clifford drove to a point about one mile
(1.6 km) from the base, the object suddenly shot up to about 2,000 feet
(600 meters), stopped, and hovered again (hover-acceleration). After a
while it disappeared into clouds.
Commissioner Edgar Langston, also a pilot, saw the object from
his ranch 15 miles (24 km) south of Harlowton, and studied it
through binoculars. "It climbed at one hell of an angle-moving too
fast and steeply to be an aircraft." He saw an antenna-like protrusion
from the top.
State game warden Gene Tierney, together with deputy Larry Clifford, watched the UFO from outside Harlowton. "I've never seen anything like it," Tierney said. "I don't know what it was-but it wasn't
an aircraft." Deputy Herb Lynn stopped his pickup truck a few miles
out of town to watch. He saw the object plunge down, then shoot
back up. "It flitted around the sky in all kinds of crazy directions," he
said. Deputy Russ Mull, within a mile of "Kilo One," described a
bright blue object that bobbed up and down near the missile site. Radar
at the local Air Force Base (AFB) did not track anything. However, Air
Force security guards also reported sightings. 13
Pilots and air traffic controllers at the San jose, CA, airport
watched a pulsating red-lighted object make several passes at an aircraft on February 9, 1981. Gary Rounds and Charles Shackleford were
flying a rented Cessna 150, making touch-and-go landings at the airport. As they were climbing away from the runway on one of the
passes at about 500 feet (150 meters), they saw ahead and above them
a bright, round red light which they changed course to avoid. Once
the object approached head-on, then instantly appeared behind the
plane (instant relocation).
Air traffic controllers Randy Blount and Rich Gutterud observed
the performance from the tower and saw the object make "very tight
turns" (non-aerodynamic flight). The object hovered, then accelerated
away at an "extremely high rate of speed" (hover-acceleration)} 4
Have UFO Sightings Continued in Other Countries?
Capt. Oswald Sanviti, the crewmembers, and 52 passengers of a Peruvian Faucett Airlines plane flying at 7,000 feet (2 km) near Lima,
Peru, at 12:30 A.M. on February 2, 1967, observed a huge cone-shaped
object that paced the airliner. The object made several turns, then took
a position above the tail of the aircraft. Finally it was joined by a second object, and both flew away at high speed. Passengers were badly
frightened by the apparition. Lights in the plane dimmed, there was
radio interference, and the radio compass oscillated (E-M effects)}5
On the morning of August 4, 1967, near La Guaira, Federal District, Venezuela, an attorney was fishing in a boat when the water was
violently disturbed ("like an earthquake"). A gray-blue double-saucer
with a rotating ring around the center (Saturn-shaped object) emerged
from beneath the sea and hovered just above the surface, water dripping off it. The ring was intense red and blue and it had triangular
windows. The object then moved away slowly and ascended in a long
curve, suddenly accelerating into the sky until lost from sight. 16
The proprietor of an alpine lodge in Hochries, Germany (Bavaria),
was a key witness to a lengthy UFO sighting with multiple significant
features on December 10, 1973. (Numbers in brackets are keyed to
the drawing.) At about 8:30P.M. Friedrich Lennartz, 33, an alpine rescue service man and proprietor of Hochries Hut, and Peter Zettel, 29,
a porter, were at dinner. It was a clear night with no clouds and visibility excellent. Through a large panoramic window overlooking the
Chiemgauer Mountains to the southeast they noticed a flaring light
near the cross on Mount Weitlahner Kopf, illuminating the surrounding terrain [ 1 I.
Thinking it might be a signal from mountaineers in trouble or a
downed aircraft, they opened the window for a better view and studied it through binoculars. The object was egg-shaped, pointed end up.
In comparison to the cross, its size was estimated to be about 9 meters (30 feet) in diameter and 12-14 meters (40-46 feet) tall. The top
portion looked like a yellow dome. Four rows of colored lights (redgreen-blue-white) were rotating counterclockwise around the lower
portion. Lennartz signaled with his flashlight, but there was no reaction.
At 8:40 P.M. Lennartz made an emergency call on his radio, talking
with several stations. Then at 8:50 P.M. he fired a red signal rocket toward the object. In moments the object emitted a red glow that concealed the rotating lights and started to rise slowly. It took four or five
minutes to clear the mountains. The object was now "a dazzling red"
with the dome remaining yellow. Then the object accelerated rapidly
and sped in the general direction of Hochries Hut, traveling 5-6 km
(3-4 miles) within 10 seconds and stopping less than 2 km away over
the Klausenberg slope [21. Loud static drowned out the radio. (E-M
effects)
As the object hovered in plain view, the body lights were visible
once again, pulsating like strobe lights against a dark body. After
about 30 seconds it moved away south toward the Klausenalm Hut, a
small building across the border in Austria. There it hovered over a
pasture [3 I. The crackling static continued, so Lennartz switched the
radio off. At 9:00 P.M. he heard his dogs whimpering to be let in
through a door normally locked throughout the winter. They seemed
confused.
Details of
Hochries Hut
UFO ~~~~;& 1J91rt
P..I'Ulkd the.
...... wflln. et.~oe.
Decelllber 10, 1973: Hocbries, Germany
View Frum HocJaie5 Hut
December 10, 1973: Hochries, Germany
! 0 ,
,
I
I
Egg-shaped object hovered, illuminated terrain, darted from place to place.
Nothing more happened until 11:40 P.M., so Lennartz decided to
fire another red signal rocket toward the object. There was an immediate reaction: The object turned red, accelerated rapidly upward "at
breakneck speed," and was lost among the stars [4] (reaction to light).
After it left, radio reception was clear again. Investigators found several corroborating reports. 17
On September 1, 1974, in Langenburg, Saskatchewan, Canada,
farmer Edwin Fuhr, 36, was driving a swather to harvest his rape crop.
At about 11:00 A.M. he noticed a metallic-appearing, dome-shaped
object about 50 feet away in a grassy area. He stopped to investigate and
walked to within 15 feet ( 4.5 meters) of it. When he saw that
it was making the grass beneath it spin and swirl, he became frightened
and backed away. Climbing back on the swather, he looked around and
saw four more domes arranged in a rough semicircle, all identical and
all spinning, hovering about a foot (30 em) above the ground.
One object suddenly took off, followed quickly by the other four, ascending in a step formation. At about 200 feet (60 meters) they
stopped, each emitting a puff of gray vapor from exhaust-like extensions at the base. The vapor extended about 6 feet (2 meters), followed by a downward gust of wind that flattened the rape in the immediate area. The objects then formed a straight line, hovered for a
minute or two, suddenly ascended into the low cloud cover, and disappeared.
Later Fuhr learned that cattle in a nearby field had bellowed and
broken through a fence about the time of the sighting (animal reaction). He went to the landing area and found five rings of depressed
grass swirled in a clockwise fashion. There was no evidence of heat or
burning. Some additional circles were found in the area later that
month.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Ron Morier, quoted by
Canadian Press, said: "Something was there and I doubt it was a hoax.
There's no indication anything had been wheeled in or out, and Mr.
Fuhr seemed genuinely scared." 18
After midnight on September 19, 1976, above Tehran, Iran, two
successive F-4 interceptors attempted to catch a radar-visual UFO.
Each time visual contact was made, and the crew attempted to arm a
missile and prepare to fire it, the weapons system electronics failed
(E-M effects). A U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency report labeled this
an outstanding UFO report (see section II).
A New Zealand couple driving home at 12:50 A.M., on july 12,
1981, suddenly were confronted by a brilliant, oddly lighted object.
Mr. and Mrs. Ken Thew were returning home to Temuka with their
three young daughters, driving east from Pleasant Point along a back
road, when a bright green-gold-red object approached from the opposite direction. The object stopped abruptly about 200-300 yards
(180-270 meters) away, then changed direction and began pacing the
car. When the object began descending closer to the car, Mrs. Thew,
who was driving, became frightened and sped up from 45 mph to 65
mph (70-100 km!h) in an effort to reach a lighted area of town away
from the open country. The UFO sped up to keep pace with the car.
tt~t.L
july 12, 1981: Temuka, New Zealand
Brilliantly lighted UFO paced car, maneuvered at high speed.
Mrs. Thew said the extreme brilliance of the light emanating from
the object made the car headlights appear dim, but there were no electromagnetic effects on the car. After a while the UFO moved closer,
and they could see considerable detail on it. Ken Thew, a mechanic,
said the object was completely silent and " . .. it was quite apparent
that it was a controllable flying object. " The top part changed from
dark green to a lighter shade as the object approached; the bottom was
red, with a gold tinge in between. On the upper part were two "slots"
like vertically elongated rectangles, and around the edge was a row of
square apertures like windows.
Mrs. Thew said, "One could look through them [the windows),
across a white area within. Near one end on the outside of the object,
in front of the windows, was a sort of figure-eight-shaped thing,
which they compared to a "fat person" in shape.
After a while the UFO suddenly shot away to the east, back in the
direction from which it had come. "One moment it was at point A,"
Ken said, "The next, at point B. You didn't see it move between the
two points, it was just there" (instant relocation). Reaching the outskirts of Temuka, the Thews elected not to go home right away, but
instead to try and observe the UFO further. However, it remained off
in the distance to the east, so they continued home, arriving at
1:20 A.M. There they were surprised to see the object hovering about
1,000 feet (300 meters) overhead, but it quickly moved away to the
east again, where it remained visible until 2:00 A.M.
When the UFO moved, it displayed a fanlike tail of yellow-red resembling an exhaust. This was not visible while the UFO hovered. 19
In Eupen, Belgium, at 5:24P.M. on November 29, 1989, hundreds
of witnesses observed strange triangular or delta-shaped craft maneu-
vering overhead. The sightings were part of a major wave over a period of months, also involving radar-visual cases and jet interceptor
pursuits (see sections II, V). Two police officers in a patrol car were
brightly illuminated by a brilliant light beam from a dark, triangular object hovering at 600 to 900 feet (180-270 meters) and making a faint
humming noise. The object alternately moved and hovered.
One officer said the light was so dazzling "that we could read a
newspaper under it." The object moved slowly in the direction of
nearby La Gileppe Dam, where it hovered for 45 minutes. Then it
moved southwest about 13 miles (20 km) and hovered over the city
of Spa for 30 minutes before disappearing. 20

November 29, 1989: Eupen, Belgium
Triangular UFO beamed brilliant lights onto police car.

At 9:38P.M. on March 21, 1990, in Pereslavl-Zalesskiy, Russia, Lt. Col.
A. A. Semenchenko was ordered to investigate an unidentified radar target detected at 2,000 meters (6,600 feet) altitude. A radar post in the
vicinity intermittently tracked unexplained objects between 2119 hours
and 2230 hours while also tracking several airliners flying in the area.
Aloft, Semenchenko saw two flashing white lights ahead. At 2205
hours the object moved up and down as much as 1,000 meters and
changed course, its movements confirmed by radar. Multiple radar-visual sightings continued over a period of about 45 minutes.
Semenchenko locked his gunsight radar on the object, which did not
respond to identification friend or foe (IFF) query. He banked into a
tum and closed in to within 500 or 600 meters (l ,650 or l ,980 feet)
flying over the object to try to identify it, but saw only two bright
flashing white lights and, briefly, a silhouette behind the lights observed against the backdrop of illumination from the city below. He
was ordered to terminate the mission and returned to base.
Radar Post Log
"2119 hrs. Reports of shining object with red lights moving faster than
any aircraft. A second similar object followed the first, range about 40
km, azimuth 260-270 degrees.
2135 hrs. Object with red lights disappeared at azimuth of 220 degrees.
2140 hrs. Alternate appearances and disappearances of an object with
white lights, range 40 to 100 km, azimuth 250-270 degrees.
2150 hrs. Steady appearance and hovering of object at azimuth of 270
degrees.
2155 hrs. Object disappeared at range of 40 km, azimuth 240 degrees.
2157 hrs. Object reappeared as above.
2159 hrs. Airplane tracked at range 30-50 km, azimuth 250 degrees on
a compass course of 330 degrees. The unidentified object in previous
entry turned and rapidly approached the airplane within about 20 km,
disappeared from scope, reappeared above and behind the airplane.
2201 hrs. Object hovering in place at azimuth 190-200 degrees, range
up to 100 km.
2203 hrs. Fighter aircraft [Lt. Col. Semenchenko) appeared on radar
scope at azimuth of 240 degrees. As the fighter closed in on unidentified object, the object disappeared.
2205 hrs. Object reappeared at azimuth 190-220 degrees, hovered for
l-2 minutes, then disappeared."
Other military witnesses were Capt. V. Birin, who described the object as "like a flying saucer with two very bright lights along the
edges"; C~pt. V. lvchenko; Capt. N. Filatov; and Capt. I. Lapin.21
Have Active Duty Military Personnel
Continued to Report UFO Encounters?
In addition to the above foreign military cases, U.S. military sightings
still were being reported during the 1960s. At least two were listed as
unexplained in the Air Force Project Blue Book files: 22
August 10, 1964: Wake Island. At 5:16A.M. Aircraft Commander
Capt. B. C. jones and Navigator 1st Lt. H.]. Cavendar, in a parke.d Air
Force C-124 transport plane, saw a reddish, blinking light approach
the runway, stop, and reverse direction several times over a period of
two minutes.
April 4, 1965: Keesler AFB, MS. At 4:05 A.M. N2C Corum, a
weather observer, confirmed by student R. Pittman, watched a black,
40-foot-diameter oval object with four body lights. The object flew in
and out of clouds for about 15 seconds.
Since 1969, when the Air Force closed Project Blue Book, there
have been few military sighting reports. However, intelligence agency
messages leaked to the public or obtained via the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) have occasionally included military UFO cases
(see section II).
On May 14, 1978, Navy radar at Pinecastle Electronic Warfare
Range near Ocala, FL, tracked a UFO at about 10:35 P.M. that made an
instant reversal of course. Navy sources reported that the object took
off at 400 to 500 knots and accelerated at a rate too fast to track, then
reversed course, stopped, and radar locked onto it again.
The object also was sighted visually by citizens in the Ocala National Forest area moving at treetop level starting at about 10:00 P.M.
It appeared to be a 50-60 foot (15-18 meters) in diameter oblong object with flashing body lights, its glow illuminating the trees. The object
occasionally hovered and once appeared to land in the forest. At one
point it passed directly over a police vehicle. 23
Coast Guard personnel responding to citizen reports of unusual aerial activity over Lake Erie on March 4, 1988, witnessed classic UFOs
near Eastlake, OH. Sheila and Henry Baker were driving home with
their three children about 8:35 P.M., after taking them out to dinner,
and were almost home. As they neared the waterfront, Sheila noticed
something hovering over the lake; they drove down to the beach to investigate and got out of the car. The moon was bright, and there was
ice on the lake; Sheila could hear it cracking like claps of thunder.
Plainly visible was a huge, gunmetal gray,football-shaped, silent object rocking back and forth, blinding white light emanating from both
ends. Then the object began moving, swinging one end toward the
shore and descending. The Bakers became frightened, ran back to
their car, and fled. When they got home, the object was still visible
from a window facing the lake. Sheila hid the children in a closet,
fearing that the thing might come and get them.
The object moved out over the ice and continued to descend, with
red and blue lights now flashing in sequence along its lower edge.
Sheila called the Eastlake police to report a UFO, and after several referrals, with no one expressing much interest, was told that unusual
activity over the lake would be the responsibility of the Coast Guard.
Suddenly five or six bright yellow triangular objects shot out of the
center of the large object and began darting around independently
(satellite objects). Once they stopped and hovered point up around the
parent object, then sped away to the north, turned east, then inland
toward the Perry nuclear power plant.
At this point Sheila called the Coast Guard, which sent a team to
their house to investigate. Seaman james Power and Petty Officer
john Knaub arrived towing a Boston Whaler (a seaworthy boat) just
in case. They told the Bakers that they had seen some lights over the
lake from Fairport Harbor and thought they were flares, maybe fishermen trapped out on the ice. However, when Sheila pointed to
the main craft and some of the triangular objects still zipping around
it, the men drove closer to the lake to investigate, accompanied by
the Bakers. At the lakefront they could hear the ice rumbling and
roaring.
In their incident report sent later by teletype to Coast Guard headquarters in Detroit, Ml, the men were quoted as saying that "the ice
was cracking and moving abnormal amounts as the object came closer
to it."
Power and Knaub gave a running report on what they were seeing
to their base via the two-way radio in their Chevy Suburban. The window was down, and the Bakers overheard them saying words to the
effect: "Be advised the object appears to be landing on the lake ....
There are other objects moving around it. Be advised these smaller objects are going at high rates of speed. There are no engine noises and
they are very, very low."
Abruptly one of the triangles zoomed straight toward the Coast
Guard vehicle, a blur of light, then veered east, straight up, and came
down beside the parent object. Two witnesses in separate locations
also reported seeing the triangles. Cindy Hale was walking her dog
when she noticed a triangular object hovering overhead, and her dog
began to whine and cower (animal reactions). She took the dog indoors and came back out to watch. The triangle flashed a series of
multicolored lights, then accelerated and was gone without making a
sound (hover-acceleration).


f209tile Number
OOG: INTO
OPC DCS DGP DPA B M 0 OLE OSR
FP D9AW
09 AW DE FP
ISN-FP02l.
P 05l40SZ MAR 88
FM OOGAR:) STA FAIRPORT 011/ /CO//
TO AW/COMCOGAJI.OGRU DETROIT 'KI/ /OPS/ /
INFO D9/CCGONINE CLEVELAND OK//OSR//
8'1'
UNCLAS //Nl6l44//
SU&J': INCIDENT IU:fOR'l'l UNIDOOIFIED PLYING OBJECTS
1. UNIDNTFIABU: FI.YIIIG OB.TECTS MILE EAS'l' OF CEI POWERP~W-T., 2. M 2035 'l'IIIS SHEILA IWQ:R~
,,.,"!IPI!i!!!!I!'~'~RPmG A IAFGE O!l]l:cr HOVERING ~ OK A DECENT, 'l'KE OBJECT HAD A WHITE
LlGifl' 10 WAS APPRO X, 1/ C !fiLE UP AND SHE WAS UNABLII '1'0 DETEIOOIIE HOW
FAA OUT IT WAS. 'l'HIS tliiiT SEN'l' 2 OEWMEMBERS '1'0 INVESTIGATE. BEFORE
'l'IIEY ARIIIVJI) 0/8, WE RCVD 2 MORE CAU;S RP'l'NO 'l'IIAT 'l'KE osn:cr IW>
APPARENTLY DISPERSED 35 SMAU.ER FLYING OaJ'ECTS 'l'HAT WERE ZIPPING
AROUND RATHER QUICKLY. 'l'HESE 08J'ECTS HAD !liD, GREDI, WHITE AND Y!U.OW
LlGH'l'S ON '1'HEM 'I'KAT STROBED lli'.I'DMI'l"l'DD'l't.Y. i'HEY ALSO HAD '1'IIE ASIUTll
TO STOP ANI) HOVER IN MID FLIGII'l'. WHD1 MOBILE 02 Gel' 0/S, 'l'l!l'i RPrO
THE SAME ACTIVI'N. TilEY WA'l'QIED THE OBJECTS FOR APPROX. l HOUR BEFORE
IU>1'NG THAT 'l'KE LARGE O&n:cr WAS ALMOST ON THE ICE. 'l'HE'l RPl'DTIIAT THE
ICE WAS CRACKING AND MOVING Al!NORMM. AMOUNTS AS THE OBJECT CIIKf: ct.DSER
'1'0 IT. '1'11& ICE WAS RUMBUHG AND THE OllJECT LIT HULTICOLOR LIGHTS AT
EACH END AS IT APPIJU:IITLY LANDED. 'l'KE LIGH'l'S ON IT H!NT OUT
MOMDITARILY AND THEN CAME ON AGAIN. 'l'HEY WENT OUT AGAIN AND '1'IIE
RUMBLING STOPPED AND '1'IIE ICE STOPPED MOVING. THE sMALLER OBJECTS
BEGAN HOVERING IN 'l'IIE AREA WilER! '1'II:E LMGZ oan:cr LANDED AND linER A
FEW MINUTES 'l'HEY BEGAN J'LYING AROUND AGAIN. MOBILE 02 RPrO THAT THEY
APP!ARED 'l'O BE SeotniNG '1'HE AREA. MOBIU: 02 JU'I'D 'mAT l OBJECT WAS
MOVING 'l'OWARD THEM AT A HIGH SPEED AIID LOW TO THE ICE. MOBil 02
BACl<ED OOWK THE HILL THEY MAD BEEN ON AND WHEN 'l'IIEY WENT BACK TO Til
HILL, '1'HE OllJEC'I' WAS GONE  THEY RPl'D 'l'IIA'l' '1'HE OSJCTS COULD ~ar BE
SEI:N IF '1'111:'1 'nllVIEP OFF THERE LIGIITS. ONE OF THE SMALL OSJ"rtTS TURNED ON A SfOTLIGifl' WHERE '1'IIE ~ 081ECT HAD BEEN BUT MOBILE 02 COULD
110'1' SEE ANlCTHING, AND THEil THE OBJECT SEE!a:O 'IQ; DISAPPEAR. A."'ITHER"
OllJCT APPROACIEO MOBILE 02 APPROX. SOO YDS. OFFSHORE ABOUT 20 Fl'.
ABOVE 'I'll! lCB, AND IT BEGAN MOVING CLOSER AS MOBILE 02 BEGAN
FLASHING I'l'S H!ADLlGIITS, 'l'HDI IT MOVED OFF TO 'l'KE WEST,
3. '1'IIZ au:wKEMBERS WERE UNABLE '1'0 IDEII'l'IFY ANY OF '1'HE OBJECTS USING
BINOCIJI.ARS AND AlTER OON'rACTIIIG LOCAL POLICE AND AlJU'ORTS, 'lliiS WIT
WAS I1NA.8LE '1'0 lDEm'IFY '1'IIE OllJECTS, AND RECALLED MOBILE 02.
~R-03:05:14:44 ~(Q)f>Y
55
COCARD STA FAI~RT 0~//CO// P 05l405Z MAR 88 I L
March 4, 1988: Eastlake, OH
Coast Guard teletype message on elliptical UFO and satellite objects over
Lake Erie.

Tim Keck was using his astronomical telescope when one of the triangles caught his eye. He had a cheap throwaway camera with him
and snapped a picture of the object before it flew away over the horizon. The photograph was analyzed by optical physicist Bruce Mac-
cabee, who considered it to be a legitimate image of an unexplained
object (see section VII, Photographs).
Back at the lake the Coast Guard team and Henry Baker continued
to watch for over an hour. Sheila went home and continued to observe
from the window. Henry overheard the men saying such things to
their base as, "You should be advised that the object is now shining
lights all over the lake and it's turning different colors." The noise of
the rumbling ice was thunderous, and the men had to yell to be heard
on the radio.
Suddenly the triangles returned and one by one entered the side of
the parent object as it seemed to land on the ice. The object flashed a
series of red, blue, and yellow lights, the light emanating from the end
of the object turned from white to red, and the triangles reemerged
and hovered above it. The noise from the ice abruptly ceased, and the
lights and triangles disappeared. When it was over the Coast Guard
men drove away, "white-faced," according to Henry Baker.
Next morning nothing was visible other than scattered chunks of
broken ice. But that evening the triangles reappeared. Sheila again
called the Coast Guard, which this time sent a three-man team, but by
the time they arrived, the objects were no longer visible. 24
What Physical and Instrumental
Evidence Is There for UFOs?
The evidence for UFOs includes radar tracking of visually observed
objects, physical traces on the ground and damaged foliage around
UFO landing sites, physiological effects on witnesses, electromagnetic
effects on vehicles (several examples cited above), and photographs
(see section VII).
Three glowing red oval objects were observed by crew members of
a Flying Tiger airliner over the Pacific Ocean on February 11, 1965.
The formation of objects was tracked on the aircraft radar 5 miles (8
km) off the wing. The objects paced the aircraft for about 30 minutes,
then "climbed straight out at a high angle," tracked at 1,200 knots
ground speed. 2;
James Flynn, a dog trainer, was camped out in the Florida Everglades on March 15, 1965. About 1:00 A.M. he saw a cone-shaped object hovering and approached to investigate. The object emitted noise
like a diesel generator, and his dogs howled. Thinking it might be an
aircraft in distress, Flynn waved his arms. At that point he heard a jetlike noise and felt a blast of wind, and a thin light beam flashed from
the object striking him in the head and knocking him unconscious.
Searchers later found damaged foliage at the site, including a 72-
foot (22-meter) in diameter circle of burned sawgrass. Flynn suffered
severe physiological effects, including partial blindness and measurable
eye damage (see ophthalmologist's report). 2"
Qed vapor when lOVed vertically N4LL
August 19, 1965: Cherry Creek, NY
Elliptical UFO landed near farm, left physical traces.
On August 19, 1965, in Cherry Creek, NY, Harold Butcher, 16, was
operating a milking machine in a dairy barn housing 17 cows. A
portable radio on the wall was turned to a newscast. At 8:20P.M. a sudden static-like interference drowned out the broadcast. Then the tractor that powered the milking machine stopped abruptly (E-M effects).
A moment later, a Holstein bull secured outside began to bellow and
pull at the steel bar to which it was chained (animal reactions).
Young Butcher ran to a window and saw a large elliptical object
nearing the ground about a quarter-mile ( 400 meters) away. A reddish
vapor was visible beneath the object, and he heard a steady beep-beep
sound. The object hovered briefly on or near the ground, then shot
straight up and disappeared into low clouds.
Harold phoned the house and other witnesses came out, who
noted a strange odor in the air and saw a greenish glow in the clouds
where the object had vanished. Half an hour later, when the object
reappeared and began circling around the area, Mrs. Butcher called
the state police. Two state troopers investigated and notified the Air
Force.
The next day, Capt. james Dorsey arrived with four Air Force technicians. They found an odd purplish liquid in several places, plus
small unexplained marks two inches wide and two inches apart, along
with patches of singed grass and foliage (physical traces).
After the Air Force team left, NICAP investigators obtained samples of the purplish substance and singed foliage for analysis by the
Kawecki Chemical Company, whose president was a NICAP adviser.
Spectrographic analysis showed the main constituents of the liquid to
be aluminum, iron, and silicon. Some phosphorous was found in the
foliage samples, which the analyst said might account for the odd
odor (phosphine). Harold Butcher thought the bull had bent the iron
bar, but Fred Fair (professor of engineering) doubted that was possible. The Air Force listed the case as unexplained. 27
An elaborate radar-visual sighting on March 2, 1967, at the White
Sands Missile Range (WSMR), NM, was reported to and investigated
by the then-active University of Colorado UFO Project (see section
XV). The sightings took place between 10:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M.
(a) At least 29 WSMR personnel saw one or more UFOs, silvery
discs flying at 20,000 to 25,000 feet (6-8 km) at about 2,000 mph
(3,200 kmlh). The objects were tracked on radar in groups of three or
four. According to contemporary news reports, "News concerning the
UFOs has been cut off by orders from the Pentagon. All service personnel and civilians working for the service have been forbidden to
discuss the sightings." The objects were observed at Ruidoso moving
toward Holloman AFB, south toward Orogrande, and disappearing
over the Sacramento Mountains.
(b) At 10:55 A.M., two range surveillance radars tracked the same
four objects 10 nautical miles east of Tularosa.
(c) At 12:25 A.M. a motorist on Highway 70 near Apache Summit
saw distant silvery objects passing on a north-to-south path. Radar at
Holloman AFB got intermittent targets but could not confirm a north
to south path. 28
The events behind the Delphos, KS, close encounter on November 2, 1971, are straightforward. What is not so easily recounted is the
physical aftermath of the sighting: The strange ring of material allegedly spewed from an equally strange object of a material whose
composition and characteristics have continued to puzzle researchers
decades after the sighting.
At 7:00 P.M. (CST) on this date, 16-year-old Ronald johnson was
tending sheep on the family farm when he heard a rumbling sound
and discerned a brightly lit object about 75 feet away and hovering
several feet above the ground near some trees. Although the object
had no individual lights, multicolored light of dazzling brilliance-
"like the light of a welder's arc," he noted-nonetheless played over
its surface. The object was so bright it hurt his eyes to look at it. He
estimated that the object was 10 feet high and 9 feet in diameter, with
a domed top, a bulging middle, and a flat bottom, from which incandescent light flared to the ground. The shape was mushroom-like.
After some minutes, during which the sheep grew agitated, the light
November 2, 1971: Delphos, K5
Brilliant UFO hovered just off ground, lefl physical traces.
at the base of the object intensified and it rose upward at an angle,
passing over a nearby shed. Ronald estimated the object missed the
shed by no more than four feet. Concurrently, the noise emitted by the
object changed from its previous rumble-akin to that of a vibrating
old washing machine-to a jet aircraft-like whine. Curiously enough,
at this point Ronald lost his vision-he could only hear the sound of
the object diminishing in the distance.
In short order, his vision returned and he could see the object
again, now merely a bright light in the southern sky. Thinking his parents might be able to see the object before it faded from view, the boy
ran to the house and excitedly told his mother and father about what
he had seen. Eventually his father, Durel johnson stepped outside,
saw the bright light Ronald had just described, now about half the apparent diameter of the full moon, and prevailed upon Mrs. johnson
and Ronald to join him. All three watched the light for some time before they went to the landing site.
In the darkness, the landing site revealed itself as a glowing ring of
light impressed on the soil. The bases of nearby trees were also said to
be glowing. About a foot wide and seven to eight feet in diameter, the
surface of the ring was slick and cool to the touch, and induced a
numbness in the fingers of the elder johnsons after they felt it. When
Mrs. johnson tried to clean her fingers by brushing them against her
slacks, her leg, too, became numb where she had brushed it. In Mrs.
Johnson's case, the numbness lasted for more than two weeks, while
Mr. Johnson's fingers returned to normal after only several days. Their
interest piqued, theJohnsons photographed the ring that night with a
Polaroid camera.
Of all the events surrounding the Delphos UFO close encounter,
the ring garnered most attention and rightly so: The ring would make
or break the case. A mundane explanation for it-a scattering of fertilizer, say, or a fungal growth of some kind-and the case would be
labeled a hoax or, at best, the unfortunate confluence of several very
ordinary events, misconstrued by a teenager into a singular occurrence. Yet if the ring material defied analysis as an easily identifiable
chemical and were revealed to be of a type rarely, if ever, encountered
in the general population, then the encounter would take on profound significance and lend credence to the concept that weird objects flew through the sky and occasionally approached or landed on
the ground.
Although a newspaper reporter and several law enforcement officers visited the Johnson farm within days of the incident and verified
the existence of the ring, as well as damage allegedly inflicted on several trees by the object during its close approach to the ground, it
wasn't until December 4 that UFO investigator Ted Phillips arrived at
the farm. He described what he found at the landing site (Phillips,
1981):
As we approached the site we walked around a small shed and through
scattered trees. To my amazement there was the ring, with snow melting from the ground in all the surrounding area, still to be seen after 32
days. It was perfectly outlined in the unmelted snow. Although the surrounding soil was extremely moist, we found that if the snow was removed from any portion of the ring the soil directly beneath the snow
was dry and light brown in color, in contrast with the black, moist soil
in the ring center and around the ring.
The ring soil was found to be hydrophobic in nature and composed
of white particles that extended on average 8 to 10 inches into the
ground, although in some areas the particles extended to a depth of
14 inches. Phillips took numerous samples of this ring material over
the months following the sighting, along with control samples of soil
from outside the ring, and sent them upon request to soil laboratories
in the United States, England, and the former Soviet Union. While
many of the laboratories apparently tested the unknown material, any
conclusions they might have arrived at were not communicated to
Phillips. At best the lab results he received merely iterated the properties of the ring material while not explaining its actual chemical
composition. Several of the laboratories forwarded no results whatsoever; one simply stated the ring was not the result of a lightning
strike, others said the filaments comprising the white particles were a
type of fungal mycelium, while yet another pronounced a polymeric
origin for the fibers. In short, the laboratory results straddled the scientific fence, making it difficult for UFO investigators to know what
actually had occurred at Delphos.
Phillips, however, comparing similarities from seven of the laboratory reports, stated:
The soil from the ring, compared to the control sample from the
ground nearby: does not absorb water, is more acidic and higher in soluble salts; contains five to ten times more calcium than the control and
somewhat more minerals; produces less seed growth than the control,
and is coated with a hydrocarbon that is removable by heating to 100
degrees C. or by washing with ethyl alcohol. The coating of soil particles is of a material of low atomic weight, with globules of higher
atomic weight imbedded in it.
Subsequently, chemist Erol A. Faruk, working with ring soil samples received from Phillips in 1977, conducted his own chemical
analysis of the material. After extensive testing, he declared the ring
material to be a water-soluble metal salt of an organic carboxylic acid,
a substance whose unusual properties "render it most unlikely that
the ring was the result of a hoax" (Faruk, 1989). Any explanation that
the Delphos trace was nothing but a fungal ring, moreover, had to
contend with the fact that six years of observations had shown no
increase in ring diameter, contrary to an actual fungal ring, which
expands outwardly from a central point over time29 (R.P.S., see Acknowledgments).
At almost half past midnight onJune 28, 1973, in Columbia, MO,
four residents of a mobile home-James Richards, 41; his wife Shirley;
daughter Vanea, 16; and three-year-old sonJamie-heard a "thrashing
sound" through an open window. Outside, they could see two brilliant
beams of light some 50 feet away projecting downward from above.
The twin light beams were about five feet apart, silvery-white in color
and, curiously, wider at the top than at the bottom. According to
James Richards, the surrounding area was "lit up as bright as day."
Soon the lights began to fade, and a glowing oval object, 12 to 15
feet in diameter, could be seen close to the ground. Concurrently, the
witnesses noted that trees around the object were shaking violently, as
if in a heavy storm. One tree, however, seemed to be drawn toward the
ground, one of its larger limbs eventually snapping off. Although
there was a noisy commotion all around them, several dogs Richards
owned were lying placidly on the ground outside the mobile home,
oddly oblivious to events.
The UFO soon began to move north, still remaining so close to the
ground that it passed below tree branches. Two hundred feet out it
paused, hovering, and the witnesses were able to see its silvery surface,
from which blue and orange lights shone. Alarmed by what he was seeing, Richards called the trailer court switchboard, directing the
switchboard operator to call the police. Simultaneously, the lights in
the trailer began to dim and, moments later, the telephone system began to malfunction. Five times the operator attempted to call
Richards, but the phone did not ring, and the line appeared to be
dead. Ultimately Richards reached the operator, who then contacted
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) at the regional airport.
By this time the UFO had maneuvered back to the original location
from which it had been seen by the Richardses. Ominously, however, it
now began to move toward the Richardses' house and then abruptly
changed its heading and began to move away. lt coursed among the
trees, on a slightly rising trajectory, before hovering once more. The orange and blue lights began to fade and eventually disappeared altogether. When the police finally arrived at 1:45 A.M., the object was gone.
Although the police downplayed the event, the physical evidence
remaining in the UFO's wake was abundant and clear: damaged foliage, scorched leaves high above the ground, broken tree limbs. Twofoot-deep impressions in the ground were discovered, as though
something had landed there, and a search along the flight path of the
UFO revealed an additional complex of imprints. The UFO's passage
also produced a delayed aftereffect in the form of healthy leaves that
were later found to have become brown and withered prematurely. 30
(This latter effect presages the Trans-en-Provence case of 1981
wherein alfalfa leaves in a landing imprint were unaccountably aged.)
(R.P.S., see Acknowledgments.)
On September 30, 1980, at "White Acres," a farm near Rosedale,
Victoria, Australia, station hand George Blackwell, 54, heard a
whistling sound and the livestock acting up at about 1:00 A.M. When he
went to investigate he saw a dark, top-shaped object moving low above
the ground, apparently landing near the station's water tank. The object was spinning and had blue and orange body lights.
Blackwell tried to approach, but felt a strong vibration-like sensation and the sound increased to an uncomfortable level. Then there
was a loud "bang," a blast of heat and air, and the object took off and
moved away, becoming silent. A shower of debris fell from under it to
the ground. Blackwell's watch stopped. A black ring about 8.5 meters
(28 feet) in diameter was found at the site. Blackwell later discovered
that 10,000 gallons of water had disappeared from the tank.31
A celebrated physical evidence case occurred on january 8, 1981,
in Trans-en-Provence, France. The case attracted widespread interest,
partly because a UFO was seen landing and physical markings found
shortly after it departed, but mostly because a French national agency
analyzed the samples and announced anomalous results.
The actual sighting was brief, but its aftereffects linger to this day.
A 52-year-old technician, Renato Nicolai, was outside working on an
upper-level terraced portion of his property at about 5:00P.M. when he
heard a whistling sound to the east. Turning, he observed an object resembling "a somewhat bulging disk like two plates glued to each
other by the rim, with a central ring some 20 em [8 inches) wide"
(Maillot and Scornaux, 1997). The disc passed over two trees adjacent
to Nicolai's garden, descended, and abruptly landed about 50 meters
(55 yards) away. Because his property was elevated, however, the object was blocked from view, and Nicolai was obliged to seek a vantage
point near a small building where he could look down on the object.
After some seconds on the ground, the object ascended, kicking up
some dust, and retraced its incoming flight path, once again emitting
january 8, 1981: Trans-en-Provence, France
UFO landed, environmental effects investigated by French national agency.
a low whistle, and disappeared in the east. As it flew away, Nicolai saw
two round protrusions on the underside like landing gear, and two
circular areas that looked like "trap doors" (GEPAN, 1983; Clark,
1990). The total elapsed time was 30-40 seconds.
Nicolai went to inspect the landing site and found a circle about 2
meters (7 feet) in diameter with tracks or traces at certain spots on the
circumference of the circle (GEPAN, 1983). Investigators described
finding two concentric circles about lO em ( 4 inches) wide, one 2.2
meters (7.3 feet) in diameter and the other 2.4 meters (8 feet) in diameter. (In a telex, the Gendarmerie [national police) initially described them as "like tyre skidding traces.")
The next day, after having been notified by a neighbor, the Gendarmerie arrived at the scene and gathered samples of the traces and
control samples from outside the traces. Ultimately, Groupe d'Etude
des Phenomenes Aerospatiaux Non-Identifies (GEPAN)-a unit of
the French space agency organized to investigate UFO reports-was
called in by the Gendarmerie, and 39 days after the landing they examined the site, collecting soil and vegetation samples for analysis.
Their investigation also encompassed an appraisal of the witness (his
background and story), a check of atmospheric conditions at the time
of the UFO encounter, and air traffic on the day in question. GEPAN,
in conjunction with the Gendarmerie, continued its investigation
over the course of the next two years.
When the final report-entitled, Technical Note 16-was released,
it came to the following conclusions:
1. Evidence indicates a strong mechanical pressure, probably due to
a heavy weight, on the ground surface.
2. At the same time or immediately after this pressure, the soil was
heated up to between 300 and 600 degrees C.
3. Trace quantities were found of phosphate and zinc.
4. The chlorophyll content of the wild alfalfa leaves in the immediate vicinity of the ground traces was reduced 30 percent to 50 percent, inversely proportional to distance.
5. Young alfalfa leaves experienced the highest loss of chlorophyll
and, moreover, exhibited "signs of premature senescence."
6. Biochemical analysis showed numerous differences between vegetation samples obtained close to the site and those more distant.
7. "It was possible to qualitatively show the occurrence of an important event which brought with it deformations of the terrain
caused by mass, mechanics, a heating effect, and perhaps certain
transformations and deposits of trace minerals."
8. Nuclear irradiation does not seem to account for the observed effects, but some type of electrical energy field might account for the
chlorophyll reductions.
No single case is likely to provide absolute proof. Although some
researchers have recently criticized the methodology used at Transen-Provence (Maillot and Scornaux, 1997), the case remains provocative and contains strong evidence suggestive of a real, unexplained,
physical evene2 (R.P.S., see Acknowledgments).
Two separate motorists in Ross, OH, experienced electromagnetic
effects on their engines and lights about 8:20 P.M. on April 10, 1983,
as they observed a large, bright white light descending. The main witness was at home watching TV when the set started acting up, followed by a power failure. After the lights came back on, the witness
went outdoors to investigate, because his dog was barking excessively
and growling, its hair bristling. He then saw a light glowing in the field
about 300-400 yards (270-360 meters) away. The light was brightening and dimming regularly (pulsating).
As he started in the house to call the sheriff, the light got very
bright, and his porch light went out. The object then began rising
slowly, illuminating the entire field. When it reached an altitude of a
few hundred feet, the bright light dimmed, and flickering body lights
were seen instead. The object then accelerated rapidly and took off.
Radiation tests in the field showed only normal background count.
A 50-foot (15-meter) in diameter circular impression in the ground
was found at the landing site with a 3-foot (1 meter) diameter burned
spot in the middle. Soil, water, and vegetation samples were analyzed.
Nothing unusual was found, except that results indicated the central
burned spot had been subjected to extreme heat. No traces of any
combustible substance were found. 33
Although photographic evidence often is difficult to evaluate by itself, cases reported by credible persons and analyzed carefully by
qualified professionals can furnish an important form of proof that a
real unexplained object was captured on film. Sometimes reasonable
conclusions can be drawn about the size, configuration, and structural characteristics of the UFO. The photograph taken in the Coast
Guard case reported above confirmed a triangular-shaped object as
witnesses had reported.
Another well-investigated photograph was taken on October 8, 1981,
on Vancouver Island, B.C., Canada, at about 11:00 A.M., showing a clear,
disc-shaped object. The photograph was analyzed by Dr. Richard E
Haines (see section VII, Photographs, for his report and other examples).
Are UFOs Still Being Sighted in the 1990s?
Yes, but daylight sightings of clear, geometrically shaped objects are
not nearly as common as in previous years. Part of the reason for
fewer UFO reports may be the ridicule factor, but even active UFO
groups report an apparent actual reduction in frequency of sightings
(see section VIII).
A classic cigar-shaped object with a row of brightly flashing lights
was observed over the Texas panhandle by the crew of an America
West B-757 airliner on May 25, 1995. The case was investigated thoroughly by Walter N. Webb on behalf of the UFO Research Coalition,
who interviewed the crew and air traffic controllers. Webb also obtained a copy of the FAA voice tapes of conversations between airplane and ground during the sighting.
Flight 564, commanded by Capt. Gene Tollefson, was cruising at
39,000 feet (12 km) near Bovina, TX, en route from Tampa, FL, to Las
Vegas, NV. First Officer john]. Waller and a flight attendant also were
in the cockpit. Off to their right and somewhat below them they saw a
row of bright white lights that sequenced on and off from left to right.
Waller contacted the Albuquerque FAA Air Route Traffic Control Center while the sighting was in progress, and checks were made with military installations in the area, but no explanation could be found.
As the airliner proceeded on its westerly course and the object began dropping behind, they observed it against a background of thunderclouds. When the background clouds pulsed with lightning, they
could see the silhouette of a dark, wingless, elongated, cigar-like object around the strobing lights. Though they did not know the object's
exact distance, the pilot and copilot estimated it to be 300-400 feet
(90-120 meters) long.
The object was not visible on FAA radar. One of the air traffic
controllers contacted the North American Air Defense Command
(NORAD), which monitors North American air space by radar, and
said that NORAD had confirmed an unidentified radar track in the
vicinity. This later proved to be a small aircraft whose transponder was
not initially operative.
Next morning the controller said he checked with NORAD again
and was told that they had tracked another, very unusual target in the
same general area a short time after the first-something that was stationary at first, then accelerated rapidly and stopped abruptly, repeating this sequence several times. The bursts of speed were computed
to be between 1,000 and 1,400 mph (1,600-2,240 kmlh). This report,
based on the word of one air traffic controller, could not be confirmed.
May 25, 1995: "lexas Panhandle
Copilot's drawing of UFO observed against thundercloud (Copyright
 l995,john]. Waller).
67
Webb conducted a thorough investigation, including filing Freedom of Information Act requests for government information about
the case. He also checked military installations for any activities that
might explain the sighting, but no known object or phenomenon
could be found that correlated with the sighting. 34
Table l provides a sample of other UFO reports for the mid-l990s
from around the world displaying typical features, notably including
several "satellite object" cases (see section X).
What Evidence Is There That Suggests
UFOs Are under Intelligent Control?
The categories of evidence that suggest intelligent behavior behind
the manifestation of UFOs were addressed in the original 1964 volume of The UFO Evidence summarizing data through 1963. They include:
 Inquisitiveness and reaction to environment.
 Powered, controlled flight.
 Formations and coordinated flight.
 Satellite object cases.
 Humanoid beings visible in association with craftlike UFOs.
Reports in this section include examples of almost all of these features, and numerous additional examples are included elsewhere in
this book. UFOs have approached, confronted, and circled around
isolated vehicles; reacted to flashes of light or activities of witnesses;
looked and behaved like powered craft, including emission of vapor
or sparks associated with particular maneuvers; and taken concerted
actions in groups or formations.
TABLE I. 1990s UFO SIGHTINGS
Date/Location
july 13, 1993
Syracuse, IN
9:15P.M.
january 28, 1994
Paris, France
1:14 P.M. GMT
February l, 1994
Badalucco,
Liguria, Italy
8:30P.M.
February 15, 1994
Enkoping, Sweden
11:00 P.M.
September 9, 1994
Racoon Lake, IN
8:30P.M.
Description
Generator sound, dark cigar-shaped object
at low altitude with red lights on each end;
object rose, turned and flew away."
Air France Airbus-300 crew saw a dark
object cross their path; at first it appeared
bell-shaped, then like two inverted plates.
The object was tracked on military radar for
six minutes. 36
Engine and headlights failed, car illuminated
by hovering cigar-shaped object. UFO then
"zoomed away.""
Glowing oblong object, E-M effects on car.
UFO sped away.'"
Green and red object took on and emitted
smaller luminous objects that darted around
independently. 39

Could They Be a Natural Phenomenon,
or Secret High-Performance Aircraft?
69
Technically, they are a "natural phenomenon." But in the sense meant
by skeptics, the arguments against UFOs being some unrecognized
natural phenomenon are numerous and well founded. They include
the reported craftlike features and structural details of UFOs, such as
geometrical shapes, domes, portholes, and legs, not to mention humanoid beings often seen in or on the apparent craft. The other features suggestive of intelligent behavior also militate against this interpretation.
Additionally, if an unrecognized natural phenomenon is capable of
confronting and blocking vehicles, causing electromagnetic disruptions and severe physiological effects on witnesses, and environmental damage, this threatening and harmful behavior in itself would justify a much higher priority for scientific investigation of UFOs than
the advocates of the Natural Phenomenon Hypothesis are aware of.
Only the false stereotypes of UFOs prevalent in the scientific community would lend themselves to such a simplistic explanation.
UFOs are not merely vague, amorphous lights briefly observed in
the sky in no particular pattern. As established in this report, the features that witnesses are actually reporting and the associated evidence
bear no resemblance whatsoever to any known natural phenomenon
(see section XI).
In some modern cases the idea that UFO reports may be sightings
of secret high-performance aircraft or missiles cannot be ruled out entirely. However, the "secret device hypothesis" at best might apply
only to a tiny minority of cases, and then primarily to alleged UFO reports that are marginal to begin with when it comes to the defining
characteristics of UFOs.
Some of the triangular, delta-shaped, or boomerang-shaped objects
sighted with increasing frequency in recent years may prove to be human technology. Still, many of them are reported to make "impossible" noninertial turns and to behave in distinctly nonaerodynamic
ways, such as flying blunt end forward, tumbling in flight, or flying
low overhead at speeds too slow to sustain aerodynamic flight.
Unless we assume some major unannounced breakthroughs in
propulsion systems and aerodynamics, secret aircraft or missiles supposedly contained in military inventories still could not perform as
UFOs have done over and over again for 50 years. Only the discovery
of antigravity flight technology could account for many UFO reports.
The UFOs in the 1960s and 1970s that hovered absolutely motionless
for extended periods of time and then suddenly shot straight up out
of sight in seconds, for example, could not have been human technology. Propulsion and flight systems that revolutionary in nature
could not possibly have been kept secret for 25 years or more.
If such secret devices were production-line craft in sufficient numbers to account for the hundreds and thousands of UFO reports all
over the world since 1947, and we still don't know about them, what
conceivable purpose could they have served for all these years? UFOs
have landed on highways ahead of cars and blocked their passage;
forcibly interfered with the motive power of cars, trucks, and aircraft;
flown through airport flight patterns and airlanes unannounced; and
generally engaged in what normally would be termed dangerous and
reckless behavior that has threatened human lives repeatedly, and in
some cases caused serious and painful injuries to humans. This pattern has been observed and documented all over the world, not just in
the United States, and certainly not just over established test ranges
for experimental aircraft or missiles.
UFOs remain a legitimate, potentially vitally important, scientific
mystery. The data make a compelling case for a systematic and wellfunded study by qualified professionals, with the full support of political leaders. This report documents the real UFO mystery.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 21-22.
2. Medical Times, October 1968. The witness's recurring medical problems were
considered sufficiently unusual to warrant this case history report.
3. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 113.
4. Witness report in NICAP files; see also Kansas City Star, March 6, 1969.
5. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 8 (December 1971): 11. Investigator: Ted Phillips.
6. International UFO Reporter Oanuary 1977): 6-8.
7. APRO Bulletin 29(7), (August 1981).
8. Report in MUFON files.
9. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 7-8; McCoy statement, Brazoria County Sheriff's Department, September 8, 1965;]. E. McDonald letter to R. H. Hall, October 3, 1966;
"Ellington [AFB) Probes UFO Seen by Local Deputies," Brazosport Facts, September 6, 1965; Rhonda Moran, "The Night of the UFO," Brazosport Facts, September 13, 1995.
10. NICAP investigation report by William B. Weitzel; U.EO. Investigator
(March-April1966): 1; see summary in Story (1980), 271-72.
11. McDonald (1968b), 45-46. McDonald reports on detailed interviews with
the two witnesses; see Vaughan (1995), 104-5.
12. NICAP Subcommittee report.
13. Fowler (1981), 190-91; MUFON UFO journal (February 1990): 20.
14. Haines (1981); see also San jose Mercury, February 11, 1981; and San Antonio Star, March 15, 1981.
15. Volunteer Flight Officer Network (VFON) report in NICAP files. The VFON
sighting network was coordinated by Herbert Roth, coordinator of the B-727 fleet,
United Airlines, during the 1960s; see also Le ]our, Agence France Presse, February 5, 1967.
16. El Universal, Caracas, Venezuela, August 20, 28, 1967.
17. Flying Saucer Review 21(1), (1975): 22-25.
18. International UFO Reporter (March-April1992): 4-11. Flying Saucer Review
(London), 20(3), (1974): 32-33. Skylook (MUFON), (October 1974): 4.
19. MUFON UFO journal (October 1981): 6. Timaru Herald, New Zealand,
July 31, 1981. Investigators: Fred and Phyllis Dickeson.
20. The Belgian sightings were reported extensively in MUFON UFO journal
Quly 1990): 3-7, (February 1992): 5-6, (May 1992): 8-12; SOBEPS, Vague d'OVNI
sur Ia Belgique (1991).
21. Rabochayo Tribuna, April 19, 1990, translation by Foreign Broadcast Information Service; see also MUFON UFO journal Qune 1990): 8-9; International UFO
Reporter Ouly-August 1990): 14-15.
22. Berliner (n.d.). Project Blue Book files are available on microfilm at the National Archives.
23. U.F.O. Investigator (September 1978): 1-2; Ocala Star-Banner, May 18, 1978,
with Navy quotes and eyewitness account; Gersten (1981), 21-33.
24. Christopher Evans, "Space Case: The Night the Coast Guard Got Buzzed,"
Cleveland Plain Dealer, July 12, 1992; see also Coast Guard teletype report on incident.
25. Capt. David E. Mullen, USAF, letters dated April30, 1965 and May 13, 1965,
in NICAP files. The witness, whose name is on file, was a military courier on a Flying Tiger freighter, Flight No. F-169, which arrived at Tachikawa, Japan, terminal
on February 12, 1965.
26. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 12-16.
27. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 42-44; see also Project Blue Book files, National
Archives.
28. M. VanArsdale, "Report of UFO Sighting March 2, 1967, in Alamogordo,
N.M.," University of Colorado UFO project (March 24, 1967), Reports of Investigators file; see also Sagan and Page (1972), xxxi; El Paso (TX) Times, March 5,
1967.
29. Phillips (1975), vi-viii, 79, 137-38; Story (1981), 84-91; International UFO
Reporter Oanuary-February 1987): 21-25, (May-June 1987): 19-21; Phillips,
(1981), 105-29; journal of UFO Studies, New Series, Vol. 1 (1989): 41-65 (soil
analysis and appraisai);Journal of UFO Studies, New Series, Vol. 3 (1991): 115-37
(soil analysis); Clark (1996), 148-51.
30. Phillips (1974), 54-68; Phillips (1975), 90; Flying Saucer Review (NovemberDecember 1973): 18-26.
31. Norman (1984), 37-38; W. C. Chalker and K. Basterfield, "The Rosedale
Landing With Physical Traces: Extraordinary Case Reported from Victoria, Australia," Flying Saucer Review 26(6), (1981): 4-5; Evans (1987), 193-94; Chalker
(1996), 175-77; see also Australasian Post, Melbourne, August 5, 1989, retrospective report.
32. GEPAN, 1983; Velasco, 1987; Clark (1990), 205-7; Maillot and Scornaux
(1997). Over the years, the Trans-en-Provence landing has been cited frequently
by researchers as proof of the anomalous nature of the UFO phenomenon inasmuch as the GEPAN investigation seemed to disqualify most of the mundane explanations that debunkers usually apply to such cases. Recently, however, the case
has come under fire from skeptical researchers in France who claim that GEPAN's
methodology was flawed from the start, and who hint strongly that the case might
even be a hoax. They dispute everything, from the sample-gathering procedures to
the logic and reasoning of the investigators (Maillot and Scornaux, 1997). One of
their criticisms is that the principal investigator of the vegetation samples, Michael
Bounias, was a biochemist with little knowledge of plant pathology. However, he
is identified elsewhere in the literature as a botanist and "specialist in plant traumatology" at the lnstitut National de Ia Recherche Agronomique (National Institute of Agronomy Research) (Clark, 1990). The various samples also were subjected to electronic diffraction studies at Toulouse University, and mass
spectroscopy by ion bombardment at the University of Metz.
33. MUFON UFO Journal (August 1983): 3-7.
34. W. Webb (1996a, 1996b).
35. MUFON UFO Journal (April1996): 18.
36. Dominique Weinstein, Paris, France; from French Space Agency.
37. Paolo Fiorino and Matteo Leone, Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici.
38. AFU Newsletter, No. 39 (September 1995), Norrkoping, Sweden.
39. MUFON UFO Journal (December 1994): 12.

=========================================================================================
SECTION II. Military Witnesses

From 1947 through 1969 the U.S. Air Force officially had the responsibility for investigating UFO reports under a succession of
projects, culminating with Project Blue Book. As a result, UFO reports
from all military agencies (and government personnel generally) were
routinely referred to the Air Force. Since there was some degree of
public accountability for the project, the Air Force was obliged to issue periodic reports, so news media representatives had a focal point
for their inquiries.
During this 22-year period UFO sightings by military witnesses
were constant, even though many additional reports were kept secret,
or at least not fully disclosed, by the Air Force. Groups like NICAP
were able to apply pressure and serve as outlets for "leaked" military
reports. One of the original NICAP board members, Rear Adm.
Delmer S. Fahrney, was known as the "Father of Guided Missiles."
Since many of his Navy pilot and guided missile engineer colleagues
had seen UFOs, these were often reported to the news media by
NICAP. Similarly, high-ranking Air Force officers who took UFOs seriously encouraged many Air Force witnesses to report their sightings
to NICAP, in confidence if necessary.
When NICAP compiled The UFO Evidence (1964), it included one
section on "Air Force Observations" dating back to World War II that
included 92 sightings, mostly by pilots and other flight crew members.
Another section on "Army, Navy, and Marine Corps" included 36
sightings. 1 Two important cases from this period that came to light
only after The UFO Evidence was published are summarized below.
Discs Pace B-36 Bomber
Early in the 1952 UFO sighting wave two discs approached and paced
a B-36 bomber in the vicinity of Davis-Monthan AFB, Tucson, AZ. On
May 1, 19S2, Major Rudy Pestalozzi, an intelligence officer, along
with an airman at Davis-Monthan AFB, looked up as a B-36 flew overhead and saw two shiny discs overtake the bomber, slow to its speed,
and position themselves alongside, one close to the fuselage.
Startled by the experience, the crew made an unscheduled landing
at the base and were interrogated at length by Major Pestalozzi, who
happened to be the base UFO officer. Members of the flight crew had
crowded into the starboard blister aft of the wing and looked down at
a slight angle to see the closest disc, which was lens- or double-discshaped and about 20-2S feet in diameter. After about 20 seconds, the
objects peeled off at an angle of 70-80 degrees from the flight path of
the B-36 and sped away.
Major Pestalozzi sent a comprehensive report of the incident to
Project Blue Book. Within the next two months, the summer of 19S2
UFO sighting wave reached a crescendo, generating national headlines and stirring up major government interest, as radar repeatedly
detected UFOs and jet interceptors engaged in cat-and-mouse pursuits.2
In 1966 Dr. James E. McDonald interviewed Pestalozzi and tried to
retrieve his original report from the Blue Book files, but it was missing. The report was reconstructed as carefully as possible and reentered in the files. 3
Air Force Officer Sees Four Discs on Ground
1st Lt. Joseph E Long, an Air Force pilot, had completed Advanced
Survival School at Stead AFB and was driving toward Las Vegas, NV,
early on November 23, 19S7. Near Tonopah, NV, at about 6:10A.M.
the engine of his 19S6 Chevrolet suddenly stopped. When he got out
to investigate the problem, he heard a steady, high-pitched whine or
hum coming from four objects sitting on the ground in the distance
off the highway.
Curious, Long walked toward the objects for several minutes and
got within about SO feet (IS meters) of the nearest one. They were all
identical, disc-shaped, about SO feet in diameter, and brightly glowing
(i.e., self-luminous), with a transparent dome on top. They rested on
three small, dark hemispherical landing gears. Around the edge of
each was a darker, apparently rotating ring.
As he neared them, the steady hum increased in pitch until it almost hurt his ears, and the objects lifted off the ground. The landing
gear quickly retracted and they rose to an altitude of about 5O feet.

HALL
November 23, 1957: Tonopah, UT

Disc with dome observed on ground by Air Force officer.
Then they leveled off and moved overhead very slowly toward the
north, "contoured over some small hills about a half mile away," and
disappeared behind the hills. No smoke, heat, exhaust, or trail of any
kind was observed. The sighting had lasted about 20 minutes.
Long inspected the landing site and found only slight impressions
of the landing gear: "very shallow and bowl-shaped." He returned to
his car, which started up immediately and ran perfectly, and proceeded down the highway to Indian Springs AFB, where he reported
the sighting to the base security officer.
When the Air Force closed Project Blue Book after the University
of Colorado UFO Project released its report in 1969 (see section XV),
and there was no longer a single government agency accountable to
the public, military reports tapered off drastically. Very few military
sightings have been made public since 1969 (which doesn't mean they
haven't occurred). Although the numbers have fallen off, those reports
that have found their way into the public domain are-if anythingeven more significant than the earlier cases.
Diligent research by UFO investigators, with the aid of the Freedom of Information Act (see section XV) and continued occasional
"leaks," have led to publication of some extraordinary military UFO
cases that have profound implications for our understanding of the
subject.
In general, military sightings since the 1970s have demonstrated
UFO behavior that indicates an increase in aggressiveness and confrontational behavior. Some very strange sightings and events have
been reported by security personnel on Strategic Air Command (SAC)
bases and other vital Air Force installations, often confirmed by radar.
They include repeated breaches of top security weapons areas. The
confusion of Air Force personnel about the nature of these events is
evident in the reports they have filed with higher headquarters. Several NATO bases have also experienced UFO intrusions.
Table llists military UFO sightings since 1965, with summaries of
important cases.
TABLE 1. UFO SIGHTINGS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL
Date & location
January 11, 1965
Washington, DC
February 11, 1965
Pacific Ocean
April4, 1965
Keesler AFB, MS
October 7, 1965
Edwards AFB, CA
March 19, 1966
Freeport, TX
June 19, 1966
Nha Trang, Vietnam
Witnesses
Army Signal Corps
staff
Flying Tiger crew, Air
Force courier
Weather observer
Radar and jet
interceptor pilot
Crew of Coast Guard
cutter Legare
Soldiers at Army base
Description
About 12-15 oval objects chased by military
jets in the vicinity of
the Capitol building
(see case summary
below)
Three red ovals paced
airliner, tracked on
radar, climbed upward
at high speed (see
section I)
Oval object with body
lights moving in and
out of clouds (see
section I)
12 UFOs tracked on
radar, seen by F-106
interceptor pilot'
Oval with windows
hovered, house lights
blinked off and on
UFO approached,
hovered, lit up terrain;
E-M effects all over
base (see case
summary below)
Date & Location Witnesses Description
March 5, 1967 Air Force security Disc with lights
Minot AFB, NO guards hovered over missile
site, tracked on radar
(see case summary
below)
March 16, 1967 Air Force security Glowing red disc
Malmstrom AFB, MT guards hovered near missile
site, weapons shut
down (see case
summary below)
June 11, 1967 Two Air Force F-102 Intercept attempt on
Da Nang, Vietnam pilots silvery cylinder'
March 14, 1969 KC-135 crew, flight Hovering black
Thailand surgeon cylinder (see case
summary below)
September 8, 1973 Bart J. Burns, Randy Disc with body lights
Hunter Army Air Shade, MP dove at and chased
Field, GA patrol car"
October 18, 1973 Capt. Lawrence Coyne, Domed object buzzed
Mansfield, OH Army Reserve helicopter, hovered,
helicopter crew beamed green light
into cockpit (see case
summary below)
November 8, 1973 Air Force pilot Chased top-shaped
La Paz, Bolivia object that "instantly
relocated," shot
straight up (see case
summary below)
January 2, 1975 Corporal and sergeant Dome-shaped object
Navarra, Spain rose, ground brightly
illuminated at military
base (see case
summary below)
October 27-28, 1975 Air Force security Craft with lights over
Loring AFB, ME police munitions area tracked
on radar (see case
summary below)
78
Date & Location
October 30, 1975
Wurtsmith AFB, MI
November 7, 1975
Malmstrom AFB, MT
November 11, 1975
Falconbridge, Ontario
Canada
September 19, 1976
Tehran, Iran
March 7, 1977
Chaumont, HauteMarne, France
july 1, 1977
Aviano, Italy
january 18, 1978
McGuire AFB, NJ
july 23, 1978
Lake Michigan
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Witnesses
Air Force security
police
Base personnel
Officers at NORAD
base
Iranian AF F-4
interceptor pilots
Maj. Rene Giraud,
Capt. ].-Paul Abraham,
French Air Force
NATO base personnel
Air Force security
police, Army MPs
Coast Guard personnel
Description
Objects breached
security areas, hovered
over weapons site (see
case summary below)
Orange disc breached
security area, illuminated missile site (see
case summary below)
UFOs hovered, darted
around, tracked on
radar (see case
summary below)
Chased radar-visual
UFO, E-M failures of
aircraft weapons
system (see case
summary below)
Elongated luminous
object buzzed Mirage
IV bomber (see case
summary below)
Round object with
dome over security
area, base power
blackout (see case
summary below)
UFO sightings,
humanoid being shot
by MP, found dead on
runway (see case
summary below)
Cigar-shaped object
with body lights, highspeed flight (see case
summary below)

Date &: Location
December 27-30, 1980
Bentwaters AFB, UK
November 2, 1982
Maxial, Estremadura
Province, Portugal
March 4, 1988
Eastlake, OH
March 30, 1990
Wavre, Belgium
Witnesses
NATO base personnel
Portuguese Air Force
pilots
Coast Guard team,
civilians
79
Description
UFOs sighted several
nights, light beams
shone into weapons
area; landing in forest
outside base (see case
summary below)
Disc made sharp turns,
maneuvered at high
speed (see case
summary below)
Large ellipse with
smaller satellite objects
touched down on Lake
Erie (see section I)
F-16 interceptor pilots Delta-shaped object,
cat-and-mouse chase,
multiple radar-visual
sighting (see case
summary below)
UFOs Cavort Over Nation's Capital
january 11, 1965: Washington, DC. At about 4:20P.M., from the windows of the Munitions Building, a group of Army Signal Corps communications specialists witnessed disclike UFOs with military jets in
pursuit over downtown Washington. About 12 government employees gathered to watch after someone noticed clusters of whitish oval
objects, about 12-15 in all, moving erratically from north to south
about 35 degrees above the eastern horizon. The objects moved up
and down in an oscillatory path as they flew.
Two delta-wing jet interceptors were seen chasing the objects, apparently unable to overtake them. Under closer observation the objects
were seen to be domed discs sometimes banking or turning on edge.
They moved in two major groups, with a few "stragglers," remaining
visible for two to three minutes before veering slightly to
the southeast and disappearing in the distance. Their path appeared to
the observers to go over the Capitol and the Washington Monument.
The sighting was publicized in the press, followed by reports that the
witnesses had been given a written directive not to talk about it.9
Vietnam War Army Base Illuminated by Hovering
UFO, Widespread Electrical Failures on Vehicles
On june 19, 1966, at the major U.S. Army base in Nha Trang, a
seaport town in South Vietnam, soldiers were watching an outdoor movie at about 9:45 P.M. The viewing was made possible by recent installation of six new, independently operated 100 kw dieselpowered generators. A Shell oil tanker lay anchored in the bay,
two Skyraider prop planes were warming up on a nearby airstrip,
and eight bulldozers were at work on nearby hills. In a letter home
to his parents, Sgt. Wayne Dalrymple described what happened
next.
Suddenly the sky to the north lit up, which first was thought to be
caused by a flare, but then a brightly glowing object approached, alternately moving at high speed and slowing down. The object descended toward the gathered soldiers, stopped dead, and hovered
about 300-500 feet (90-150 meters) above the ground. The entire
valley and surrounding hills were illuminated brightly by the object.
The generators failed, and everything on the base went black. The engines of the Skyraiders, the bulldozers, trucks-everything (including
some diesel engines) all failed for about four minutes.
The UFO finally "went straight up and completely out of sight in
about two to three seconds." After the incident, a planeload of officials
from Washington arrived to investigate. 10
Disc with Flashing Lights Hovers over
North Dakota Minuteman Missile Sites
On March 5, 1967, Air Defense Command radar tracked an unidentified target descending over the Minuteman missile silos of the 91st
Strategic Missile Wing at Minot AFB, ND. Base security teams quickly
converged on the area and saw a metallic, disc-shaped craft ringed
with bright, flashing lights moving slowly. The disc stopped and hovered about 500 feet (150 meters) off the ground, as security police
held their fire and watched in awe. Suddenly the object began moving
again and circled directly over the launch control facility.
F-106 fighter-interceptors were standing by on the flight line, waiting impatiently for an order from NORAD to scramble. When the order was not forthcoming, base operations decided on their own to
scramble the interceptors. At that moment the UFO "climbed straight
up and streaked away at incredible speed." 11

Air Force Flight Crew Spot
Unidentifiable Cylinder over Thailand
81
Col. Robert M. Tirman, an Air Force flight surgeon stationed in Thailand, was flying as a passenger in a KC-135 on March 14, 1969, in
daytime. The plane was at 15,000 feet (4.5 km) when the pilot and
crew suddenly noticed a black cylinder hovering in the air in a vertical position about two miles (3.2 km) away. The pilot circled closer to
investigate and determined that the object was not a balloon. After he
radioed back to base about the sighting, fighter aircraft were sent up
to investigate, but could not locate the object. 12
Army Reserve Helicopter Encounters Domed UFO
On October 18, 1973, the four-man crew of an Army Reserve UH-1H
helicopter, based in Cleveland, OH, flew to Columbus for regularly
scheduled physical examinations. When they were finished, they left
the medical facility at approximately 10:00 P.M., drove back to the airport (a distance of two miles), filed a flight plan, and departed for the
return to Cleveland at approximately 10:30 P.M.
The night was clear, calm, starry, and moonless; the temperature 43
degrees F, visibility was 15 miles. The helicopter was cruising at 90
knots at an altitude of 2,500 feet (750 meters) above sea level, over
mixed woods, farmland, and rolling hills averaging 1,100-1,200 feet
(330-360 meters) elevation. Lt. Arrigo ]ezzi, 26, was at the controls
from the left-hand seat, and Sgt. John Healey, 35, the flight medic, sat
behind him. In the right rear seat was Spec. 5 Robert Yanacek, 23, the
crew chief. Commanding the flight from the right front seat was Capt.
Lawrence]. Coyne, 36, a 19-year veteran of the Army Reserve.
It would be an. easy flight. The weather was perfect, and they had
all passed their physicals. Capt. Coyne had flown this 109-statutemile (175-kilometer) route many times.
Near Mansfield, OH, Healey saw a single red light off to the left (west)
heading south. It seemed brighter than a normal aircraft port wing light,
but it was not relevant traffic, and he does not recall mentioning it.
At approximately 11:02 P.M., an estimated three to four minutes after Healey's observation, Yanacek noticed a single steady red light on
the eastern horizon. It appeared to be pacing the helicopter. After
watching it continuously for perhaps a minute, he reported it to
Coyne, who instructed him to "keep an eye on it."
About 30 seconds later, Yanacek announced that the light appeared
to be converging on the helicopter. Coyne and Yanacek watched from
their seats; Healey unstrapped himself, rose from the left rear seat, and
stooped in the aisle to observe. jezzi's view was obstructed by Coyne's
body.
As the light continued its approach, Coyne grabbed the controls
from jezzi and began a powered descent of approximately 500 feet
(150 meters) per minute. Almost simultaneously he made radio contact with Mansfield approach control, requesting information on possible jet traffic. The radio was already set to the correct frequency because they had been cleared through the area a few minutes before.
Coyne knew there were F-100s based at Mansfield.
After initial acknowledgment by Mansfield, radio contact was lost
on both UHF and VHE Even the initial radio contact could not be
found on a later review of the FAA tapes.
The red light increased in intensity and appeared to be on a collision course at a speed estimated to be more than 600 knots (1,100
kmlh). (Federal Air Regulations stipulate that no aircraft shall operate faster than 250 knots below 10,000 feet/3 kilometers.) Coyne increased the rate of descent to 2,000 feet (600 meters) per minute. The
last altitude he noted-1,700 feet (510 meters)-put them about 600
feet (180 meters) above the treetops.
With the trees coming up fast, and the unknown object about to
ram them, the crewmen were sure these were their last moments. just
as a collision appeared imminent, the light suddenly stopped and assumed a hovering relationship above and in front of the helicopter.
Coyne, Healey, and Yanacek described a cigar-shaped, slightly domed,
gray metallic object that filled the entire front windshield.
The object appeared solid; it blotted out the stars behind it. Three
lights were precisely positioned on it: a red light at the nose, a white
light at the tail, and a distinctive green beam emanating from the
lower part of the otherwise featureless "fuselage." The green beam
swung up over the helicopter nose, through the windshield, and into
the upper tinted window panels. The cockpit was bathed in intense
green light. No noise or turbulence was noted.
After a few seconds had passed, the object accelerated and moved
off to the west, showing only the white "tail" light as it receded.
Coyne and Healey reported that it then made a distinct 45-degree
course change to the right, heading toward Lake Erie. jezzi did not
report the course change. Yanacek's view was partially obstructed.
While the object was still visible,jezzi and Coyne both noted that
the helicopter's altimeter read 3,500 feet (1,050 meters) with a rate of
climb of 1,000 feet (300 meters) per minute. Yet, the collective (steer-

-:
.::;:;~--.
Coyne
October 18, 1973: Mansfield, OH
' Yanacsek
Helicopter crewmember sketch of UFO that buzzed helicopter.
83
ing mechanism), Coyne reported, was still in the full-down position
set during his evasive descent.
Coyne cautiously raised the collective. The helicopter continued
climbing, as expected. At an indicated altitude of 3,800 feet (1,140
meters), Coyne finally felt that he had regained positive control. Then
the crew felt a slight "bump." Reviewing his instruments, Coyne realized that the magnetic compass was rotating slowly, while the Radio
Magnetic Indicator was functioning normally. He descended to the
previously assigned cruise altitude of 2,500 feet and made radio contact with Akron/Canton. The remainder of the flight to Cleveland was
without incident.
The Ground Witnesses
At about the time of Healey's initial observation of a red light moving
south, Mrs. Erma C. and her four children were returning from Mansfield to their rural home southeast of town. As they drove south on
Laver Road at approximately 35 mph (56 km!h), their attention was
attracted to a bright red light, flying south. It was brighter than a star
or airplane, and as it proceeded ahead of them, it remained just the
one steady light; no other colors, no strobe, no rotating beacon. By the
time the car reached the intersection where Laver Road ends at Route
430, the red light had disappeared from view over the trees.
Mrs. C. turned eastward and continued on to the Route 430 bridge
over the Charles Mill Reservoir, a distance of 3.6 miles (5.8 kilome-
ters), covered in about five minutes. The last 500 feet (150 meters) of
the approach to the bridge was desolate, flat, and swampy. The road
berm was trimmed back about 10 feet (3 meters) and then gave way
to brush and tall trees, a tangled, uninviting terrain. A line of utility
poles followed the south side of the road.
As they entered this portion of the road they saw ahead, at their
one o'clock position (almost due east), red and green lights, moving
together, coming down rapidly toward them. At first they assumed it
was a light plane flying low over the lake, but they changed their
minds almost immediately. The red was too bright, especially compared with the green. Mrs. C. began to slow the car. They could discern no shape and heard no sound.
Mrs. C. and the children (ages 13, 13, ll, and 10) agreed that the
red light was the brighter of the two, and that it was the leading, forward light. The object approached them from the right, and as it
reached about their three o'clock position, now passing behind partially denuded trees, its unusual qualities caused Mrs. C. to pull over
and stop. With the car halted, but the motor and headlights still on,
they saw a second group of lights, some of them flashing, approaching from behind them (the southwest). At this point they became
aware of a noise for the first time, and Mrs. C. thought the two sets of
lights were helicopters about to crash.
The noise was described as "a bunch of racket"; "A whole bunch of
noise"; "Like a knocking sound"; "It was like beating the air"-all excellent descriptions of the distinctive sound of a Huey helicopter.
For a few seconds the family watched from the open car windows
as the steady red light and the helicopter converged. "The one object
went over the top of the other one," they reported, "and then it
stopped." At that point the two oldest children piled out of the car and
stood by the right rear fender. Their descriptions: "It was a big old
thing." "It was something like a blimp." "You couldn't tell how it was
built." "The helicopter was smaller than the object."
After the red-lighted object stopped, the green light flared up. "When
we got out, everything was green. I saw that thing and the helicopter."
"Everything turned green. It lit up everything green." "I know it sounds
crazy, but everything just turned green. It kind of looked like rays coming down." The witnesses agreed that the helicopter was green "because
of the light from the thing up above .... It was so bright that you couldn't see too far. Everything was green. The trees, the car, everything."
As they watched, the helicopter with the other object above and
slightly ahead of it moved in tandem from southwest to northeast.
They reported this movement as a backward or zigzag flight path.

Ground witnesses' view of UFO-helicopter encounter.
Suddenly the green light went out, and the object was gone. "When
the light went out, you couldn't see the object And then the helicopter went northeast Then we got back in the car and went on, and saw
it [the helicopter) fly out over the lake."
A few minutes past 11:00 P.M.,]eanne Elias, 44, was in bed watching the news in her home southeast of Mansfield. She recognized the
sound of an Army helicopter approaching-so loud and near that she
feared it was going to crash into the house. She covered her head with
a pillow. The sound persisted for what she considered "a long time"
and when it was over, her son, John, 14, called out from his room. She
went in and he asked if she had seen "that green light." He had been
awakened by the sound and then had observed a bright green light
that lit up the bedroom. The light persisted long enough for him to realize that "there must be some kind of object right above the house,
because it was coming in so heavy in my room."
Time-Line Analysis
A second-by-second time-line analysis shows that the unidentified object was in view of the helicopter crew continuously for at least five
minutes-possibly closer to six minutes. This persistence of the sight-
ing, strengthened by both air crew and ground witness testimony that
the object was precisely shaped and opaque, with distinct edges and
no train or trail, absolutely precludes the object being a meteor. Further, the ground witness testimony that the object's flight path described a retrograde (zigzag) motion as it hovered above the helicopter is a striking point of corroboration with the flight crew's report.
The crew, in the forward-moving helicopter, would be aware only of
the object coming from the east, hovering above them, then continuing to the northwest; whereas from the ground, the object's pathfrom the east, joining with the southwest- to northeast-moving helicopter, then breaking off and moving northwest-would have been
observed correctly as a zigzag.
The two sets of ground witnesses were 1. 75 miles (2.8 kilometers)
apart. At a speed of 90 knots this distance would have been covered
by the helicopter in 60.79 seconds. The green beam, therefore, must
have been visible for at least that time.
The locations of the two sets of ground witnesses also show that
the helicopter was somewhat off course. At the Elias house it had deviated by 0.6 miles (about l kilometer). At the other location it was
1.4 miles (2.2 kilometers) off course. Backtracking suggests that the
helicopter went off course about 25 seconds before the Elias housepresumably about the time the object first reached the helicopter, and
possibly at the point where the helicopter's anomalous climb "saved"
it from further descent into the trees.
The helicopter radios functioned normally thereafter. The radio
compass continued to spin idly the next day and had to be replaced.
Captain Coyne advanced to the rank of colonel before his retirement
from military service. He and john Healey both reported disturbing
out-of-body type dreams in the period immediately following the incident. Coyne also reported that in that interval he had received several calls "from someone in the Pentagon" asking if the crew had experienced any psychic phenomena13 Q.Z., see Acknowledgments).
Top-Shaped Object Eludes Interceptor,
Shoots Straight up out of Sight
On November 8, 1973, the crew of a Lloyd Airlines plane reported
sighting a strange luminous object near La Paz, Bolivia, and the Bolivian Air Force was alerted. Maj. Norberto Saloman, already airborne
on a practice flight in a Super Sabre, investigated and saw a stationary
object shaped like a top with window-like openings on its sides.

When he closed to within 2,000 meters (2,200 yards), the object
moved away "at an incredible speed" with him in pursuit. The object
suddenly repositioned itself behind his aircraft, then went straight up
and vanished in a few seconds. 14
Dome-Shaped Object Illuminates
Grounds at Spanish Air Force Facility
A soldier on duty at the Bardenas Reales Air Force Firing Range, in
Navarra, Spain, saw a red light on the ground at 10:55 P.M. on january 2, 1975. Thinking it was an unauthorized vehicle, he notified the
Corporal of the Guard, who led a team to investigate. After 5-10 minutes the object rose up to 25 or 50 meters (80-160 feet) and flew
slowly in the direction of an auxiliary tower.
At 11:10 P.M., the corporal notified a sergeant on duty, who went to
an elevated point and, through binoculars, saw an object shaped like
an inverted cup. The object had white lights on top and bottom, and
pulsating amber and white lights around it. The environment around
the UFO was lit up over a radius of 100 meters (330 feet). The object
rose and flew in the direction of the tower. Other soldiers at the main
guard post also witnessed this motion.
The following morning, the local Civil Guard called the Air Force
facility to inquire whether any aircraft had crashed during the night.
Police in nearby Tudela had received reports of lights over the firing
range. The report was obtained by J.-V. Ballester Olmos from declassified Spanish Air Force UFO files. 15
UFOs Intrude on SAC Base Weapons
Areas, Confirmed by Radar
Over a period of about three weeks in October and November of
1975, several SAC bases in the northern tier states were placed on a
high-priority (Security Option 3) alert because of repeated intrusions
of unidentified aircraft flying at low altitude over atomic weapons
storage areas. The commander-in-chief of NORAD sent a four-part
message to NORAD units on November ll, 1975, summarizing the
events. Some of the salient points of the message are quoted and paraphrased here: 1" "Since 28 Oct 75 numerous reports of suspicious objects have been received at the NORAD CU; reliable military personnel at Loring AFB, Maine, Wurtsmith AFB, Michigan, Malmstrom
AFB, Montana, Minot AFB, ND, and Canadian Forces Station, Falconbridge, Ontario, Canada have visually sighted suspicious objects."
Part II contained some specifics, including this commentary: At
Malmstrom AFB, MT, November 7, F-l06s were scrambled to investigate a radar-visual UFO but "could not make contact due to darkness
and low altitude. Site personnel reported the object as low as 200 feet
[60 meters] and said that as the interceptors approached the lights
went out. After the interceptors had passed the lights came on again,
one hour after they returned to base. Missile site personnel reported
the object increased to a high speed, raised in altitude and could not
be discerned from the stars." UFOs disappearing upon the approach
of interceptors and reappearing after they leave has been reported before.17
Loring AFB, ME, October 27-28, 1975
At 7:45 P.M. SSgt. Danny K. Lewis, 42nd Security Police Squadron,
while on duty at the munitions storage area saw an apparent aircraft
at low altitude along the northern perimeter of the base. Other witnesses were Sgt. Clifton W Blakeslee and SSgt. William]. Long. The
craft had a red light and a pulsating white light.
A teletype message to the National Military Command Center in
Washington, DC, said: "The NC [aircraft] definitely penetrated the
LAFB [Loring Air Force Base] northern perimeter and on one occasion was within 300 yards of the munitions storage area perimeter."
About the same time SSgt. James P. Sampley, 2192nd Communications Squadron, was on duty in the control tower when he picked up
on radar the craft nearing the base. He tried without success to make
radio contact to warn the presumed aircraft that it was entering a restricted area. The craft began to circle in the vicinity of the nuclear
weapons storage area at an altitude of about 150 feet (45 meters).
When it penetrated the nuclear weapons storage area at an estimated
300 feet (90 meters) altitude, Lewis reported it to the command post.
The Commander of the 42nd Bomb Wing, Col. Richard E. Chapman, arrived at the weapons storage area shortly before 8:00 A.M. Security police units were ordered into the area, and security vehicles
with flashing lights converged from all over the base. Col. Chapman
implemented a Security Option 3 alert.
At 8:45 P.M. Sgt. Grover K. Eggleston was on duty in the control
tower when a call came from the command post requesting a radar
track on the mysterious craft. For 40 minutes he observed the object
on radar circling around, then it abruptly vanished from the screen as

if it had either landed or dropped below the minimum level of radar
coverage. Witnesses said the craft broke off the circling pattern and
flew away toward New Brunswick, Canada. Radar tracked it again as
it receded from the base until contact was lost in the vicinity of Grand
Falls, 12 miles (20 km) from Loring AFB.
Priority messages about the incident were sent to the National Military Command Center in Washington, DC, the Air Force Chief of
Staff, SAC headquarters, and other major commands. Loring remained on a high state of alert into the following morning. Efforts to
identify the "aircraft" through the Maine State Police, local police departments, and the FAA office in Houlton, ME, were unsuccessful.
The next night, at 7:45 P.M., a similar craft with body lights again
approached the base, tracked on radar, and maneuvered around in the
vicinity for more than 30 minutes. Its speed and motions were similar to those of a helicopter. The craft would appear and disappear from
view. Its lights went off, and the craft reappeared over the weapons
storage area at 150 feet ( 45 meters) above the ground. At about this
time Sgt. Steven Eichner, a B-52 crew chief; Sgt. R. jones; and other
crew members spotted an unidentified red and orange object over the
flight line. It looked like a "stretched-out football" (cigar-shaped) and
was hovering in mid-air.
As the B-52 crew watched, the lights on the object went out and it
disappeared; but it soon reappeared over the north end of the runway,
moving in a jerky, erratic fashion. When it stopped and hovered, Eichner and the others jumped into a truck and drove toward the object.
As they turned onto the road that led to the weapons storage area,
they encountered the object about 300 feet (90 meters) ahead hovering about five feet (1.5 meters) off the ground. It appeared to be about
four car lengths long.
Sgt. Eichner said that it was like looking at a desert scene: "You see
waves of heat rising off the desert floor. This is what I saw. There were
these waves in front of the object and all the colors were blending together. The object was solid and we could not hear any noise coming
from it." 1"
The object again was tracked on radar as it departed toward New
Brunswick, and, once again, priority messages about the intrusion were
sent to higher commands. No explanation of the events was ever given.
October 30, 1975: Wurtsmith AFB, MI
At about 10:10 P.M., base personnel saw the running lights of a lowflying craft they thought was a helicopter, except that it hovered and
moved up and down erratically near the base perimeter. One white
light was pointed downward, and two red lights were visible near the
trailing edge. Airman Michael]. Myers, an air policeman on duty near
the main gate, saw several unidentified lights near the western edge of
the base. The object turned north and appeared to lose altitude.
Between 10:15 and 10:25 P.M., base security police at the back gate
ofWurtsmith reported to the command post that an unidentified "helicopter" with no lights had come over the back gate and hovered at
low altitude over the weapons storage area. Radar was also tracking
low-flying objects intruding into the base, and an incoming KC-135
confirmed seeing two unidentified craft that sped away each time it attempted to close in for identification. 19
October 31-November 1, 1975: Loring AFB, ME
A teletype message November 2 from Loring AFB Office of Special Investigations (OSI) detachment to the National Military Command
Center and OSI headquarters in Washington, DC, reported another
"unidentified helicopter sighted at low level over Loring AFB" over
the past two nights. It also referred to the intruder as an "unknown
entity."
Capt. Richard R. Fuhs, Operations Officer, 42nd Security Police
Squadron (SPS), "advised that there had been three verified sightings
of an unidentified NC [aircraft] flying at low level over and in the
vicinity of LAFB [Loring Air Force Base)" during this period. The initial sighting was made by SSgt. Michael D. Scott, 42nd SPS, on duty
at 11:14 P.M. Tech. Sgt. David E. Mott, Flight Chief, 42nd SPS, spotted
the object from a position near the East Gate just past midnight, flying from east to west.
Four airmen in the communications squadron later reported hearing an engine sound that they thought was a helicopter, and other witnesses saw the lights of an apparent helicopter. However, an alert helicopter that had been launched following the initial UFO sightings
was probably what they saw and heard.
November 7, 1975: Malmstrom AFB, MT
About 3:00 P.M. electronic sensors at the Minuteman missile sites triggered an alarm indicating a breach of the K-7 site security. A Sabotage
Alert Team drove toward the site, and from a distance of about a mile,
saw a glowing orange object over the area. As they came closer they
could see that it was an enormous disc, the size of a football field,
whose light was illuminating the missile site. They reported this to the
launch control facility and were ordered to proceed into the site. But
they refused to do so because they were fearful of the consequences.
The object then began to rise and was picked up on NORAD radar
at about 1,000 feet (300 meters). Two F-106 interceptors were scrambled from Great Falls and sped toward the area, but the object continued to rise and disappeared off the radar screen at about 200,000
feet (60 km). As noted in the NORAD commander-in-chief's report
cited above, the pilots were unable to obtain a visual sighting. Later
investigation established that computer codes in the missile warhead
had been tampered with. Several other UFO sightings at the missile
sites later that evening and next day were documented in military
records. 20
November 7-10, 1975: 24th NORAD
Region Senior Director's Log
The following extracts are from the NORAD Director's Log at Malmstrom AFB, MT, released under an FOIA request; Z stands for Zebra
Time (GMT): 21
7 Nov 75 (1035Z)-Received a call from the 341st Strategic Air Command Post (SAC CP), saying that the following missile locations reported seeing a large red to orange to yellow object: M-1, L-3, LIMA
and L-6. The general object location would be 10 miles south of Moore,
Montana, and 20 miles east of Buffalo, Montana. Commander and
Deputy for Operations (DO) informed.
7 Nov 75 (1203Z)-SAC advised that the LCF [Launch Control Facility) at Harlowton, Montana, observed an object which emitted a light
which illuminated the site driveway.
7 Nov 75 (l319Z)-SAC advised K-1 says very bright object to their
east is now southeast of them and they are looking at it with lOxSO
binoculars. Object seems to have lights (several) on it, but no distinct
pattern. The orange/gold object overhead also has small lights on it. ...
8 Nov 75 (0635Z)-A security camper team at K-4 reported UFO with
white lights, one red light 50 yards behind white light. Personnel at K1 seeing same object.
8 Nov 75 (0645Z)-Height [radar) personnel picked up objects
10-13,000 feet, Trackj330, EKLB 0648, 18 knots, 9,500 feet. Objects
as many as seven, as few as two NC.
8 Nov 75 (0753Z)-J330 [radar track number assigned to UFO) un-
known 0753. Stationary/seven knots/12,000. One (varies seven objects). None, no possibility, EKLB 3746, two F-106, GTF, SCR 0754 [Interceptor aircraft were scrambled at this point). NCOC notified.
8 Nov 75 (0820Z)-Lost radar contact, fighters broken off at 0825,
looking in area o]331 (another height finder contact).
8 Nov 75 (0905Z)-From SAC CP: L-sites had fighters and objects [on
radar); fighters did not get down to objects.
8 Nov 75 (0915Z)-From SAC CP: From four different points: Observed objects and fighters; when fighters arrived in the area, the lights
went out; when fighters departed, the lights came back on; to NCOC.
8 Nov 75 (0953Z)-From SAC CP: L-5 reported object increased in
speed - high velocity, raised in altitude and now cannot tell the object
from stars. To NCOC.
9 Nov 75 (0305Z)-SAC CP called and advised SAC crews at Sites
L-1, L-6 and M-1 observing UFO. Object yellowish bright round light
20 miles north of Harlowton, 2 to 4,000 feet.
9 Nov 75 (0320Z)-SAC CP reports UFO 20 miles southeast of Lewiston, orange white disc object. 24th NORAD Region surveillance
[radar) checking area. Surveillance unable to get height check.
9 Nov 75 (0348Z)-SAC CP confirms L-1, sees object, a mobile security team has been directed to get closer and report.
9 Nov 75 (0629Z)-SAC CP advises UFO sighting reported around
0305Z. Cancelled the flight security team from Site L-1, checked area
and all secure, no more sightings.
10 Nov 75 (ll25Z)-UFO sighting reported by Minot Air Force Station, a bright star-like object in the west, moving east, about the size of
a car. First seen approximately 1015Z. Approximately 1120Z, the object passed over the radar station, 1,000 to 2,000 feet high, no noise
heard. Three people from the site or local area saw the object. NCOC
notified.
November 11, 1975: Falconbridge
Air Force Station, Ontario, Canada
During the same time period as the SAC base intrusions, civilians, police officers, military officers, and NORAD radar saw and tracked
UFOs that alternately hovered over and darted around at high speed
Falconbridge Air Force Station, a radar site near North Bay, Ontario,
Canada. The sightings occurred between 3:00A.M. and 11:00 A.M. local time. NORAD regional director logs obtained by Larry Fawcett
and Barry Greenwood give some indication of the events, with times
expressed in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) or "Zebra" (Z) time. 22
1205 GMT. "Unusual sighting report" made.
1840 GMT. jet interceptors were scrambled, airborne at l750Z
"due to unusual object sighting ... UFO report from Falconbridge."
At 0202Z on November 15, 1975, "Report sent to NCOC Surveillance, referred to Assistant Command Director Space Defense Center,
and intelligence. These three individuals considered the report a UFO
report and not an unknown track report."
A detailed NORAD report on the incidents and a subsequent press
release based on it both have been made public. Raymond E. Fowler
quotes the NORAD report: 23
"Falconbridge reported [at 4:05 A.M.] search and height finder
paints [radar targets] on an object 25 to 30 nautical miles south of the
site ranging in altitude from 26,000 feet to 72,000 feet [appearing visually as like a bright star]. With binoculars, the object appeared as a
100-ft. diameter sphere and appeared to have craters [sic] around the
. outside .... To date, efforts by Air Guard helicopters, SAC helicopters
and NORAD F-l06s have failed to provide positive identification."
On November 13, NORAD issued a press release in Sudbury, Ontario, containing essentially the same information. The press release
added that, "Two F-106 aircraft of the U.S. Air Force Air National
Guard's 17lst Fighter Interceptor Squadron at Selfridge ANGB [Air
National Guard Base], Michigan, were scrambled; but the pilots reported no contact with the object. "24
Some additional details were obtained by the Mutual UFO Network:25 Seven Ontario police officers were among the witnesses to the
UFOs that were also tracked on NORAD radar alternately hovering
and darting around at high speed. Capt. Gordon Hilchie, director of
public affairs for the 22nd NORAD Region Control Center at North
Bay, Ontario, acknowledged: "Yes, we saw this so-called UFO at the
same time people outside were seeing it too."
Lt. Col. Brian Wooding, Control Center director, said: "We get
quite a few UFO reports, but to my knowledge this is about the only
one we've actually seen on radar, and the only time we've gone to the
point of scrambling interceptors. The jets were scrambled because the
indications were there was something very evident to a large number
of people, and because we did manage to get some sort of radar sighting."
jets were scrambled from Selfridge AFB, MI, at 10:45 A.M. Del
Kindschi, spokesman for NORAD headquarters in Colorado Springs,
said the UFO was tracked on radar intermittently for six hours, first
spotted 25-30 miles ( 45 km) south of the radar site. The object
zoomed from 26,000 feet (8 km) to 45,000 feet (14 km), "stopped a
while, and then moved up very quickly to 72,000 feet [22 km]." The
first visual sightings were at 3:00 A.M. from Sudbury, Ontario, as brilliant lights that hovered low in the sky, then suddenly shot straight up
at tremendous speed.
Maj. Robert Oliver, commander at Falconbridge, said he and five
others on the base saw three bright yellow objects at 6:00 A.M. and
viewed them through binoculars.
UFO Displays "Inordinate Amount of Maneuverability,"
Disables jet Interceptor Weapons Systems
A Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) evaluation report on an especially significant UFO case was leaked to NICAP in 1976. A threepage Department of Defense teletype message on the case was obtained by Charles Huffer in 1977 under the FOIA. Attached to the
message was a copy of the DIA evaluation report. The main features
of the message are paraphrased here, with quoted excerpts.26
At about 12:30 A.M. September 19, 1976, in Tehran, Iran, the Air
Force Command Post received citizens' calls about some UFO activity. Subsequent sightings of a bright, glowing object led them to
scramble an F-4 Phantom jet from Shahrokhi AFB to investigate. The
F-4 was airborne at 1:30 A.M. and proceeded to a point 40 nautical
miles north of Tehran. Due to its brilliance, the UFO was easily visible from 70 miles (112 km) away.
As the F-4 closed in on the object, the jet lost all instrumentation
and communications (both UHF and intercom). The pilot broke off
the intercept and headed back to base. "When the F-4 turned away
from the object and apparently was no longer a threat to it, the aircraft
regained all instrumentation and communications."
A second F-4 was scrambled at 1:40 A.M., and the electronics officer acquired a radar lock-on at 27 nautical miles, l2 o'clock high position with the rate of closure at 150 knots. As the range decreased to
25 nautical miles, "the object moved away at a speed that was visible
on the radar scope and stayed at 25 nautical miles."
Part C of the message gave this description:
The size of the radar return was comparable to that of a 707 tanker.
The visual size of the object was difficult to discern because of its intense brilliance. The light it gave off was that of flashing strobes
arranged in a rectangular pattern and alternating blue, green, red, and
orange in color. The sequence of the lights was so fast that all the colors could be seen at once.
As the pursuit continued on a course to the south, another brightly
lighted object emerged from the first object and headed straight toward the F-4 like a missile, at a high rate of speed. The pilot attempted
to fire an AIM-9 missile at the UFO, "but at that instant his weapons
control panel went off and he lost all communications (UHF and
interphone). At this point the pilot initiated a turn and negative G
dive to get away. As he turned the object fell in trail at what appeared
to be about 3-4 nautical miles. As he continued in his turn away from
the primary object the second object went to the inside of his turn
then returned to the primary object for a perfect rejoin."
Shortly after the rendezvous and merging of the two objects, another object emerged from the other side of the primary object and
streaked straight down. The F-4 crew watched it approach the ground
and expected to see an explosion, but instead it appeared to slow and
land gently, brightly illuminating the terrain. The pilot descended to
about 15,000 feet (4.5 km) and continued to observe and mark the
position of the landed object before returning to base. On the return
flight the crew experienced some night vision problems that made the
landing difficult.
At daylight the F-4 crew was taken to the landing site (a dry lake
bed) in a helicopter, but could see nothing. As they circled around to
the west they picked up a beeper signal. Seeing a small house at the
point where the signal was strongest, they landed and asked the inhabitants whether they had noticed anything unusual the night before. The people talked about a loud noise and bright flash of light.
The DIA evaluation termed this "An outstanding report. This case
is a classic which meets all the criteria necessary for a valid study of
the UFO phenomenon." The analysis called the UFO performance
"awesome," noting that the objects displayed "an inordinate amount
of maneuverability."
Luminous Elongated Object Makes
Passes at French Mirage Bomber
A French Mirage IV bomber returning to base from a night navigation
exercise on March 7, 1977, encountered a UFO in the vicinity of
Chaumont, Haute-Marne. Maj. Rene Giraud, pilot, and Capt. jeanPaul Abraham, navigator, noticed a brilliant light trailing their aircraft
96
 Troya1
MJr~IV's
tctory
Mer. 7, 1977,oaofCheumont,
March 7, 1977: Chaumont, France
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
 Dljon
Diagram of UFO passes at French Mirage bomber (Credit: Dominique Weinstein, Paris, France).
at 8:34 P.M. trailing their aircraft. At first they thought it was a fighterinterceptor, and they radioed to ground control for identification, but
nothing showed on the radar screen.
The light grew in size as it closed in to the right rear of the bomber
at an estimated speed of Mach 1.4 or 1.5. Flying at Mach 0.98, the
bomber pilot banked to the right, then to the left. Then the object flew
away to the northwest at an estimated speed of higher than Mach 2.
Behind the light the pilot could distinguish an elongated mass. About
10-15 seconds later, the UFO made another pass at the bomber from
the right. Once again the pilot took evasive action, and the UFO sped
away. 27
UFO Hovers over NATO Base Security
Zone, Power Blackout Hits Base
james Blake and other military personnel at the NATO base in Aviano,
Italy, saw a brightly lighted, round, spinning object with a dome at
3:00A.M. on july 1, 1977. The object was hovering about 100 meters
(330 feet) above a security zone where aircraft were kept. It was about
50 meters (165 feet) in diameter, and kept changing color from white
to green to red. A sound was heard like a swarm of bees. The object
remained there for about an hour, during which the base experienced
a power blackout.
Benito Manfre, who lived near the base, was awakened by his dog
barking. While walking his dog he saw the object hovering, witnessed
the blackout, and saw the object moving away, after which the lights
came back on. 28
Alien Being Shot Dead by MPs, Body
Found on New jersey Air Force Base
During the early morning hours of January 18, 1978, UFOs were
sighted flying over Fort Dix and McGuire AFB, adjacent military
bases. Shortly afterward, an Air Force security patrol was ordered to
the back gate of McGuire AFB to allow entry to New Jersey State Police who were searching for something. One of the airmen on duty
was Sgt. Jeff Morse (pseudonym). The state trooper told Morse that a
Fort Dix MP was pursuing a low-flying object that had hovered over
his car; then a small being with large head and slender body appeared
in front of his car. The MP had panicked and shot the alien several
times with a .45 automatic. The being had fled over the fence between
the two bases, before falling and dying on the deserted runway.
Morse and his colleagues found the body lying on a deserted runway. As they followed routine procedure and roped off the area of the
"crime scene," other "blue beret" forces unfamiliar to Morse and his
companion took over. Morse was relegated to a back-up role, but
could see from a slight distance what was happening. Later that day a
team from Wright-Patterson AFB arrived in a C-141 cargo aircraft,
crated up the body, loaded it on board, and took off. Morse and his
companion were warned not to talk about the incident or they would
be court martialed.
Two days later Morse and other participants were taken to WrightPatterson AFB, OH, where they underwent intimidating interrogation
and were again warned not to talk about the incident. (Morse supplied the names of the interrogation team taken from their name
badges, and their identities have been verified.) Morse reported:
"[They) told me about my duty to keep my mouth shut. ... I signed
a form and it is supposed to bind me for life."
Shortly after returning to McGuire AFB, Morse was debriefed by
his commanding officer, a lieutenant colonel (name also known), and
heard no more about the incident. Shortly thereafter each of the airmen who had been involved was transferred to a separate overseas
base. Morse was shipped to Okinawa.
The author has met with Morse face-to-face several times, talked
with him on the telephone numerous times, and considers him completely credible. He has cooperated fully, answering all questions to
the best of his ability and agreeing to meet and talk with various colleagues. He has given a formal deposition on the incident in the presence of several witnesses, and was subjected to questioning on specific details.
As a direct consequence of innocently being in the wrong place at
the wrong time, Morse has been harassed and threatened, and his reputation defamed to the point that he had difficulty finding employment in the law enforcement field.
Another witness is George Filer (Major, USAF, Ret.), who was stationed at McGuire AFB in 1978, serving as an intelligence officer; one
of his duties was to brief the commanding general. He was not on
duty at the time of the incident, but the next morning he heard talk
about the "alien body" and saw a lot of unusual activity. He is prepared to testify on what he knows firsthand and what he has learned
since about the incident. 29
Coast Guard Stations Report CigarShaped Object with Flashing Lights
In the early morning of July 23, 1978, four Coast Guard stations
around Lake Michigan and civilians in the area saw a cigar-shaped object darting around at high speeds. Several independent witnesses described red running lights and a bright white strobe light on the object. The sightings occurred between 3:53A.M. and 7:30A.M. Official
records indicate that the UFO traveled at speeds in excess of 1,200
mph (1,920 kmlh) at times. The following chronology (paraphrased
here) was obtained from the Department of Defense under the FOIA. 30
The Coast Guard stations involved were located at St. Joseph, MI;
Ludington, MI; Two Rivers, MN; and Sturgeon Bay, WI.
Official Chronology
0353-Two Rivers Coast Guard Station (CGS) received a call from
Ludington CGS informing them that a UFO over the lake was headed
in their direction. The object had flashing red, white, orange, and
green lights and was moving at high speed.
0359-Two Rivers CGS called Sturgeon Bay CGS alerting them to
the UFO, giving the same description.
0359-St. Joseph CGS received a civilian report of a long silver
cylinder hovering in the sky for 30 minutes, starting at 0020 hrs. Object then began to move southwesterly.
0400-Sturgeon Bay CGS personnel sighted the object south of the
station.
0401-Ludington CGS observed a UFO with red lights and a very
bright pulsating white light heading westerly at extremely high speed.
0404-Two Rivers CGS saw an object with red body lights and
flashing white lights approach, heading northerly toward Sturgeon
Bay.
0425-Green Bay lighthouse reported to Two Rivers CGS that it
was observing the UFO with red and white lights moving westerly at
high speed. "The white light was very bright and flashed in a irregular manner."
0445-Two Rivers CGS reported a white light to the south moving
toward the station, blinking erratically. After three to four minutes it
"took off northeast and went straight up out of sight."
0455-Ludington CGS received civilian report of an object hovering over U.S. Route 31, then accelerating west at high speed. The object had flashing white lights. Station personnel looked out over the
lake and saw an object corresponding to the report.
Strange Phenomena, Apparent
Landing, at English NATO Base
The details of what happened at the RAF Bentwaters NATO base at
the end of 1980 are not known precisely, but testimony and documentation on record establish that something extraordinary occurred
on more than one night between December 26 and 30. 31 A january
13, 1981, memorandum by Lt. Col. Charles I. Halt, USAF, Bentwaters
Deputy Base Commander, to the British Ministry of Defence describing the basic events first leaked out to the public in 1983. It said, in
part:
Early in the morning of 27 December 1980 (approximately 0300L, or
3 A.M. local time), two USAF security police patrolmen saw unusual
lights outside the back gate at RAF Woodbridge. [Three patrolmen
went outside the gate on foot to investigate.) The individuals reported
seeing a strange glowing object in the forest. The object was described
as being metallic in appearance and triangular in shape, approximately
two to three meters [6.5 to 10 ft.) across the base and approximately
two meters [6.5 ft.) high. It illuminated the entire forest with a white
light. The object itself had a pulsing red light on top and a bank of blue
lights underneath. The object was hovering or on legs. As the patrolmen approached the object, it maneuvered through the trees and disappeared. At this time, the animals on a nearby farm went into a
frenzy. ...
The next day [28 December], three depressions l'h inches deep and
7 inches in diameter were found where the object had been sighted on
the ground. The following night (29 Dec 80) the area was checked for
radiation. Beta/gamma readings of 0.1 milliroentgen were recorded
with peak readings in the three depressions and near the center of the
triangle formed by the depressions. A nearby tree had moderate
(.05-.07) readings on the side of the tree toward the depressions.
Over the next few years several witnesses spoke out, but most remained anonymous. Colonel Halt and two of the key witnesses were
interviewed for a British TV program in 1994, and elaborated on their
experiences. Halt, now retired, also spoke about the case at a 1997
seminar sponsored by the Fund for UFO Research, and displayed
plaster casts made of the "tripod" indentations found at the site. He
acknowledged that his 1981 memorandum was a somewhat simplified version of the events that transpired. Anticipating that he and his
men would be interrogated thoroughly, he had not reported all the details.
Colonel Halt dates the first sightings of lights as about 0300 hours
in the early morning of December 27, 1980 (a Saturday), and his own
field search and sightings as occurring two nights later, December 29,
1980 (a Monday). Others date the two series of events as having both
occurred on the night and early morning hours of December 26-27,
beginning about 0200 hours.
Although the exact dates and timing of certain events remain in
dispute, the following overview has been reconstructed as carefully as
possible from witness testimony and the findings of investigators. Direct quotes from key witnesses are mostly taken from an ITN television documentary in England that aired on December 9, 1994, and a
subsequent internet interview by A. J. S. Rayl. 32 These have been supplemented and cross-checked via extensive personal interviews with
Charles Halt.
First Sightings
Several of the mostly anonymous law enforcement and security police
who witnessed various portions of the sightings have talked with in-
vestigators, and pseudonyms have been assigned to most of them because they reportedly fear the consequences of speaking openly. Some
of those present on the first night are identified by British investigators as "Sgt. Jerry Stevens" and "AlC Joseph Borman"; and by Ray
Boeche as a patrol near Woodbridge AFB under the command of "Airman A" (probably Adrian Bustinza, who is known to have been there
on the first night). The security police team included "Jim Archer,"
"John Cadbury," and "Steve Roberts."
Documented testimony confirms that AlC John Burroughs and
SSgt. Bud Steffans of the 8lst Security Police Squadron were on a law
enforcement patrol. While checking the back gate of Bentwaters AFB
in the early morning hours, they noticed some lights in Rendlesham
Forest and called other law enforcement personnel to observe the
lights. Then they called the desk sergeant at the law enforcement control center. (Three different base communications centers were law
enforcement, central security control, and the command post.) Three
security guards arrived about 30 minutes later. SSgt. Jim Penniston
was contacted by the security control center and instructed to go to
the gate and meet Burroughs.
When Penniston arrived at the gate, the others described what they
had seen and pointed out the light they were observing. "I gazed
about 300 meters [330 yards] into the distance," Penniston said, "and
saw what appeared to be a fire. My first impression was that we had
an aircraft down. I saw orange, red, and bluish types of glowing light,
pretty standard with aircraft crashes." Still thinking in terms of a
plane crash, he called the security control center and spoke with
MSgt.]. D. Chandler, the flight chief on duty, and asked about any
radar sightings.
Chandler, in turn, contacted the control towers and learned that
just 15 minutes earlier an unidentified radar target had been tracked
to the vicinity of Bentwaters before disappearing from the screen. The
"bogey" had also been tracked on RAF eastern regional radar and at
Heathrow Airport. At this point, Penniston received permission to go
off base and investigate.
Encounter No. 1
A team including Penniston, Burroughs, and Ed Cabansag started out
to investigate, on foot. Because they were experiencing unusual radio
problems, Cabansag was stationed at the gate to serve as a communications relay. The other two men went into the woods. Through the
trees ahead they saw some red and blue pulsating lights, but when
they tried to report it, their Walkie-Talkie failed. Penniston said, "The
air was filled with electricity. You could feel it on your skin as we approached the object." Although it was "eerily quiet," he said," ... the
animals around us were in a frenzy; we had wildlife running by us,
and lots of birds."
Burroughs confirmed the strange sensations in 1994. "You felt
[while approaching the object] like you were moving in slow motion.
Your hair on the back of your head was standing up. You felt like you
had very little control over your body."
As they got closer, Penniston saw that "it was about the size of a
tank, triangular in shape. [Elsewhere he estimated the object to be
about three meters tall and three meters wide)" The upper portion of
the object was glowing white. "Underneath the craft was a highintensity white light emanating out of it, and it was bordered by red
and blue lighting, alternating." Overall, it resembled an Apollo space
capsule. Penniston took out his notebook and made notes and
sketches on what he was seeing. Then he brought out his camera and
took photo after photo, quickly using up the 36 exposures.
After using up his film, he walked around the object, then walked
right up to it. Close up, Penniston could see that the surface resembled opaque black glass, and the red and blue areas of light seemed to
pulsate from within the object. In his attempt to describe what he was
seeing, he said: "The [blue and red) lights seem[ed) to be moulded as
part of the exterior of the structure, smooth, slowly fading into the
... --- ~..:=.... ~- - 
December 27, 1980, Bentwaters AFB, UK
UFO landed in Rendlesham Forest outside NATO base, left physical and
radioactive traces.
rest of the outside of the structure, gradually moulding into the fabric
of the craft." Obviously, he was struggling to find the right words to
describe something beyond ordinary human experience. Apparently
what he was trying to say was that when the lights dimmed and went
off, the surface at the point where they were glowing then appeared
dark and smooth, leaving no indication of an interior light source.
"I was pretty much confused at that point," he said. "I kept trying
to put this in some kind of frame of reference, trying to find some logical explanation as to what this was and what was going on."
On the upper portion of the craft he could see a two-foot-long
string of markings or "symbols" that felt like they were etched or engraved on the smooth surface when he touched them. The surface felt
warm to the touch, though the air temperature was approximately 32
degrees.
"At that point, I backed away from the craft, because the light was
starting to get brighter," Penniston said. The craft glided silently up to
a height of about six feet and moved away slowly, weaving its way
through the trees. Penniston and Burroughs began chasing after it.
When it had gone about 100-150 feet, the object rose up above the
treetops and disappeared from view. The two men went back to the
clearing and found three impressions in the ground arranged in a triangular pattern, about three meters on each side.
After reorienting themselves, they found their way back to the gate
and described their experience to anxious security personnel who had
heard nothing from them for nearly three hours. About this time,
someone higher up in the chain of command, sensitive to the fact that
the incident had happened on British soil, called in the British police.
By most accounts the British investigation was superficial at best.
Penniston was debriefed in the shift commander's office by the assistant operations officer who, he says, told him the incident was not
to be reported through Air Force channels. He was told to keep quiet
about it and forget it ever happened. After turning in his film at the
base photo lab, he was later informed that the pictures "didn't turn
out." Later, after the second encounter two nights later, Penniston
says he was ordered to the Office of Special Investigations unit on base
and debriefed for about 90 minutes. The session was tape recorded.
He agreed to be injected with sodium pentothal during the questioning. Another debriefing followed at the wing commander level.
The next day Penniston, shaken by the experience, requested and
was given authorized leave. Concerned about establishing that what
he had experienced was a real event, he obtained plaster from a friend
in the construction business and went back to the site to obtain plas-
ter casts of the three ground imprints arranged in a triangle, the sides
of which were about three meters apart. Soon afterward, other personnel from the base showed up at the site, including a field grade officer, but Penniston did not tell them about the plaster casts now
safely ensconced in the back of his car.
Encounter No. 2
Two nights after the close-range encounter in the forest, a security patrol near the East Gate area of Woodbridge base at about 2230 hours
saw a formation of lights in the sky that didn't correspond to any
known air traffic. After the lights disappeared, they noticed a glow in
the forest.
A report was made to central security control. On duty that night
was Sgt. "Alan Benson" of D Flight. He relayed the report to his shift
commander, Lt. Bruce Englund. It was Englund who notified Lt. Col.
Halt of the situation. When Halt arrived at the edge of the forest to investigate, Light-Alls (powerful lights with gasoline-powered generators) were in place to illuminate the scene. However, both the truck
and the Light-Ails had experienced electrical problems (" ... like all
the energy had been drained out of them," according to "Airman A").
Radio transmissions also failed intermittently.
The mysterious light in the forest was plainly visible through the
trees. Halt initiated a search for concrete evidence. Taking several men
with him, and equipped with Geiger counter, camera, night vision
scopes, and other special equipment, Halt advanced into the forest to
within 150 yards (135 meters) of the light. Among the members of
Halt's party were 1st Lt. Bruce Englund, Sgt. Monroe Nevilles, and
MSgt. Bobby Ball. (One or two other men were in the party, but their
names are not known.) Everyone else, under orders to stay in the
vicinity of the Light-Alls, remained behind.
In the ensuing search, Colonel Halt recorded what he observed on
a small tape recorder, including descriptions of the imprints found
and the damage to foliage. (Copies of the tape later were leaked to the
public.) Photographs were taken of the physical evidence, and a
"starlight" scope (infrared scope for nighttime viewing) detected heat
or some kind of radiation sources corresponding to the markings on
the trees about 10 feet from the ground traces. Freshly broken tree
limbs were observed overhead.
Later as they were leaving the woods and entering a clearing, Halt
and his party also observed various aerial phenomena, which he described two weeks later in his memo to the British Ministry of Defence:
Later in the night a red sun-like light was seen through the trees. It
moved about and pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw off glowing particles and then broke into five separate white objects and then
disappeared. Immediately thereafter, three star-like objects were noticed in the sky, two objects to the north and one to the south, all of
which were about 10 degrees off the horizon. The objects moved rapidly in sharp angular movements and displayed red, green and blue
lights. The objects to the north appeared to be elliptical through an 8-
12 power lens. They then turned to full circles. The objects to the north
remained in the sky for an hour or more. The object to the south was
visible for two or three hours and beamed down a stream of light from
time to time. Numerous individuals, including the undersigned, witnessed [these) activities ...
In the 1994 interview, Halt estimated that 30-40 base personnel
saw the objects and light beams. He also elaborated on his description
of the light beams. "At that same time [while talking on the radio to
the command post] I could hear on the radios voices talking about the
beams coming down on the base." Suddenly one of the objects sped
overhead and beamed a thin, pencil-like light down about 10 feet in
front of them. "It illuminated the ground ... and we just stood there
in awe wondering whether it was a signal, a warning, or what it was.
We really didn't know. [The object] then moved back toward Bentwaters and continued to send down beams of light, at one point near
the weapons storage facility. We knew that, because we could hear the
chatter on the radio."
A near play-by-play of these sightings is recounted in the audiotape
that Halt made during his search through the forest. Here he describes
seeing a "weird" light that seemed to be flashing red, then appeared
yellow. Halt has stated in other forums that the "red sun-like light" had
a dark center, and that when it pulsed it reminded him of an eye blinking at him. He said that the object had what looked like molten metal
dripping off of it around the edges. He added: "Here I am ... involved
in the middle of something I can't explain .... I was really in awe. "33
Back at the holding area, john Burroughs was still trying to repair
the malfunctioning Light-Ails. Suddenly a blue light streaked past
him at head height, and the Light-Alls instantly came on. The light
passed through the open windows of his truck, and disappeared in the
distance. Then the Light-Alls went out again.
The day following the finding of physical evidence (Tuesday, December 30), Col. Brian Curry, Wing Vice Commander (in the absence
of Col. Gordon Williams, Wing Commander) held the daily "stand-
up" briefing to review everything of significance that had happened
on the previous day. The events that had transpired in the woods outside the base, including the finding of physical evidence, were briefed
by Col. Ted Conrad, Base Commander.
In 1994 and 1997 Col. Halt reported that another set of photographs was taken at the site of the physical evidence and developed by
the photographer himself. They came out "fogged." Butler et al.
(1984) report that the consensus of their sources was that both sets of
photographs came out "fogged," apparently due to the radioactivity
present at the site. These are the basic facts as they can be pieced together from available sources.
Rumors, Speculation, and Embellishment
A lot of anonymous testimony portrays a somewhat lurid picture of alleged events on the night of the second encounter, but the information
reported in the literature is so riddled with errors and apparent confusion over names and dates that it does not inspire confidence. According to these unconfirmed stories, a search team found a brightly
lighted object hovering just above the ground, with a yellowish "mist"
or "fog" beneath it. It had a red light on top and blue lights around it.
The exact shape could not be seen. As they approached it, the object
receded through the woods with the men in pursuit. (This sounds like
a possible garbled or distorted version of the events on December 27.)
A variation of the story has the men encountering a yellow-green
"fog" or "mist," and watching a red light moving through the woods
and entering the "fog," whereupon a bright flash of light revealed a
structured craft, and this was followed by an encounter with alien beings. At least one witness placed Wing Commander Gordon Williams
at the site, seen interacting with the alien beings!
This encounter allegedly was reported by radio to Col. Halt, who
headed a response team as matters escalated. A convoy of vehicles with
up to 30 men was said to have headed for the site just after midnight.
After arriving at the edge of the woods, according to this version, Halt
sent "Benson" and "Cadbury" back to base to obtain some Light-Alls
and some additional men. Allegedly, one of the personnel "commandeered" on this trip was Larry Warren (who originally used the pseudonym "Art Wallace"). Halt states flatly that the Light-Alls were already
there when he arrived, disputing this and several other questionable
statements that have been reported in the literature. Among other errors, some investigators have reported the wrong name of the base commander at the time, wrong dates, and wrong sequences of events.
The rumor that there was a contact with alien beings on the second night is not supported by any strong or reliable testimony. When
interviewed by Ray Boeche in 1984, neither "Airman A" nor "Airman
B" would confirm the rumors, but they did say that there was more to
the story that they were reluctant to talk about. As to rumors that
Wing Commander Williams was present at the site on the second
night, "Airman A" told Boeche he knew that was true because he was
standing right next to Col. Williams. "Officer C," also interviewed by
Boeche, reportedly confirmed that Williams was there. He also said
that filmed records of the encounter exist. The film packet, he said,
was transferred immediately by a jet fighter aircraft to 3rd Air Force
Headquarters at Ramstein AFB, West Germany. However, Halt states
that no such thing happened; Col. Williams was not present, and the
special flight to 3rd Air Force Headquarters had to do with an important personnel matter unrelated to the UFO events. 34
Larry Warren has now written his own book about the Rendlesham
Forest affair (Warren and Robbins, 1997). His story differs in anumber of important respects from the others, including the date of December 30 for the second encounter and his initially secondhand
story of an alleged alien contact. Warren originally stated that others
present at the site had told him about the alien encounter, but he now
claims that he was present.
Although Warren may well have had knowledge of the basic incident or incidents and may have been present on the periphery for part
of it, well-informed sources are skeptical of the accuracy of portions
of his story, suspecting at least some unconscious embellishment.
Parts of his book about the aftermath of the encounter(s) read more
like fiction than fact. Unless credible witnesses come forth with testimony to the contrary, these stories sound suspiciously like barracks
room rumor and gossip.
The incidents were the talk of the two-base complex, and numerous people saw light phenomena from a distance. Even more heard
secondhand or thirdhand stories of what had happened. It seems clear
that several alleged "eyewitnesses" who have come forth were only on
the fringes, and are belatedly "painting themselves into the picture."
Comments and Conclusions
That events of extraordinary significance occurred on the two nights
in question seems to be beyond dispute, and the evidence overwhelmingly points to the landing of an intelligently controlled craft of
unknown origin. Col. Halt clearly and explicitly rules out known aer-
ial technology, but will not speculate on the nature of what he and the
men in his command saw.
At a 1986 symposium, investigator Ray Boeche (who personally interviewed three key witnesses) said, "It is quite apparent from comments made by these men that many of the close witnesses to the
events have experienced ongoing problems in dealing with what happened to them. . . . They are troubled by vivid nightmares of the
events, and are fearful of government reprisals if their role in exposing these events were to become known."
The Bentwaters case is sufficiently interesting and significant without even considering the mythology that has been built up around it.
Certain of its features are duplicated in other, totally independent,
military and police UFO sightings. The evidence so far supports the
following scenario:
On two nights in late December 1980, one or more structured objects were observed outside of Bentwaters AFB, UK, by U.S. Air Force
officers and enlisted men, including law enforcement and security personnel. On the first night, a structured, craftlike object with unfamiliar characters or markings on it was seen at close range on or near the
ground. The primary witness, a respected enlisted man, walked around
the object as bright light pulsated from it, touched it, and when it began moving away pursued it as it maneuvered through the forest.
On the second occasion, two nights later, the deputy base commander was among those who saw unidentifiable aerial phenomena,
including objects that shone light beams down in their vicinity, with
documented physical evidence, including ground imprints, damage to
trees, and abnormal radioactivity at the apparent landing site.
Although no one (except Halt's own commander), either from higher
Air Force command or the British Ministry of Defence, expressed any
follow-up interest, he says that unidentified investigators worked
around him and Ted Conrad to gather information, and that a complete
file on the case undoubtedly exists somewhere. In fact, Halt has said several times over the 15 plus years since the incident that he was very surprised by the lack of interest displayed in the sightings by higher command. In addition, no one told him not to talk about the case.
Small Silvery Disc Observed
by Portuguese Military Pilot
On November 2, 1982, near Maxial, Estremadura Province, Portugal,
Lt.]. M.G. of the Portuguese Air Force was flying a Chipmunk DHC-
1 trainer from the OTA Air Base at about 1,500 meters (5,000 feet).
The time was 10:50 A.M. The sky was clear, and visibility was unlimited. Below the plane close to the ground he saw a shiny object moving north to south. The object suddenly shot up to his altitude and
flew circles around his plane at high speed.
The round silvery object was about two meters (seven feet) in diameter, its lower hemisphere reddish in color. A circular dark area was
visible on the bottom center, and something like a "grid" was visible
around the edge. The object reflected sunlight brightly.]. M. G. performed a series of tight turns to keep it in sight and reported the sighting to his base.
Ensign A. G. and his passenger, Ensign C. G., in another Chipmunk trainer, saw the object at about 11:05 A.M. The central "grid"
seemed to give off flashes of red and green light. The object continued
circling for about lO minutes, once flying between the two aircraft,
allowing accurate estimation of its size. Finally it made a pass at
]. M. G.'s plane and sped off to the southwest out of sight. 1'

November 2, 1982: Maxial, Portugal
Silvery disc climbed, circled around Air Force plane, finally sped away.

UFOs Tracked on Radar,
Pursued by Brazilian Interceptors
A case reminiscent of the famous july 1952 radar-visual sightings over
Washington, DC, in which UFOs were chased by F-94 jets, occurred
on May 19, 1986, in southeastern Brazil. For nearly three hours, air
traffic control and military radar tracked up to 21 unidentified objects,
and jet interceptors pursued them, making visual contact in some
cases. The night was clear with good visibility. The objects appeared to
be red-orange, but changed color frequently to white or green.
Col. Ospires Silva, oil company president and former president of
EMBRAER Airlines, with his pilot, Commander Alcir Pereira da Silva,
was descending through 2,000 feet (600 meters) on their landing approach at Sao jose de Campos (near Sao Paulo) at 9:10P.M. Sao Paulo
radar notified them that an unknown object was in the area, so they
broke off the pattern and turned to follow a bright red-orange light
that seemed to dance around in the sky. Meanwhile, radar at Brasilia
confirmed the presence of an unknown object.
As they pursued the object in their twin-engine Xingu airplane, its
light blinked off every 10-15 seconds, only to reappear in a new location as if jumping from point to point. Their low-performance airplane could not gain on the object, which they estimated was traveling at 1,500 kmlh (900 mph), so they abandoned the chase after
about 30 minutes.
By that time the Brazilian Defense Center, which operates an integrated civil-military radar air traffic control system, was on full alert
due to numerous UFOs cluttering their radar screens in the vicinity of
Sao dos Campos and nearby Sao Paulo. All civilian air traffic was put
on hold, as jet interceptors were scrambled from Santa Cruz AFB, Sao
Paulo State, and Anapolis AFB, near Brasilia, the capital of Brazil.
As learned at a press conference the next day, three F-SE jets were
scrambled from Santa Cruz AFB, followed by three Mirage III jets
from Anapolis AFB. The first visual contact was made about 10:55 P.M.
Lt. Kleber Caldas Marinho, 25, F-SE pilot, was vectored toward a target indicated by radar to be 35 miles (56 km) distant, but he was unable to catch up with it. At one point ground radar showed the UFO
rapidly approaching his plane, but he saw nothing at that time. Later
he did see a very intense reddish light that changed color to white,
then to green, then to red again.
Another F-SE pilot, Capt. Marcio jordao, 29, managed to close in
to within about 12 miles (20 km) and saw a very strong light, intensely bright, continuously changing color from white to green.
When the object moved off the coast and out to sea, he broke off contact and returned to base.
Of the three Mirage Ill pilots, only one was able to make visual
contact. Capt. Armindo Souza Viriato de Freitas, 30, was informed by
ground control that 10-13 unidentified objects were about 20 miles
(30 km) ahead. He told the press: "I was also advised that the targets
were approaching my plane and finally that they were following me at
a distance of two miles. I had to lower my plane as the lights had descended, but from then on they climbed vertically [up to 33,000 feet].
This was my only visual contact, but I could see them on my radar at
a distance of 12 miles."
Lt. Hugo Nunes Freitas, radar controller at Anapolis AFB, testified
that he had advised Capt. Viriato that he had several targets behind
his plane, six to one side and seven to the other. Radar had tracked
the UFOs at speeds up to 800 knots (about 920 mph).
Capt. Viriato added that the objects at times made SO-degree turns.
"No plane I know can make turns like that at 1,000 kmlh [600 mph],"
he said.
Lt. Valdecir Fernando Coelho, one of the air traffic controllers,
stated: "In my 14 years of experience as a radar operator, I never saw
anything like this."
The decision to release the news to the public was made personally
by the president ofBrazil,Jose Sarney, and carried out by the Air Force
Minister, Brig. Gen. Octavio Moreira Lima, who conducted the press
conference. 36
Belgian Air Force jets Chase Elusive Triangular Craft
In june 1990 the Belgian Air Force released a report, including radarscope photographs, of a 75-minute chase by two F-16 fighters of a
UFO over Brussels on the night of March 29-30, 1990. During the
chase, both interceptor aircraft detected the UFO on their radar; two
ground radar installations also tracked it; and numerous witnesses
(including 20 national policemen) observed the triangular object visually.37
The Air Force report stated: "[On three occasions during the
chase] the pilots managed to get their radars locked on the object,
with the immediate result that the object's behavior drastically
changed. The object literally played hide and seek with the fighters. It
dived toward the ground to evade the airborne and ground radars.
Then it climbed back into radar range in a leisurely manner, thus initiating a new chase."
The Belgian government freely opened its files on the case to the
public, including a transcript of the conversation between the air traffic controller and the two F-16 pilots during the intercept mission.
Excerpts of the transcript, translated into English, were reported by
MUFON. 38 The communications indicate highly trained pilots with
topflight aircraft and radar, totally frustrated in their attempt to catch
the elusive UFO because of its incredible maneuverability and its capacity to abruptly change speeds.
Belgium experienced a wave of almost daily UFO sightings from
October 1989 through july 1990. Witnesses included police, military
and civilian pilots, and air traffic controllers. During part of this period the Belgian Air Force kept interceptors on standby status,
equipped with infrared video cameras, and the Air Force cooperated
with civilian groups in documenting and researching the sightings.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

1. Hall (1964), 19-32.
2. Hall (1964), 158-62.
3. Hynek (1977), 109-12, 292-94; McDonald files, University of Arizona library;
Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
4. Hynek (1977), 182--86.
5. Audiotape of Edwards AFB personnel from Air Force records, Independent International Pictures Corp., East Brunswick, Nj.
6. Houston Post, March 25, 1966; Coast Guard documents in NICAP files.
7. New York Post (Associated Press), June 15, 1967.
8. Tulsa (OK) Daily World (UPI), September 9-10, 1973; Army incident report
on file.
9. Witness reports in NICAP files. See also Washington Post, January 13, 1965;
National Observer, January 18, 1965.
10. Fowler (1974), 101-3.
11. Fowler (1981), 187.
12.]acksonville (AR) Daily News, March 27, 1969; phone call and interview with
Mrs. Tirman, May 12, 1969, by Dr. James E. McDonald. Air Force Master Navigator Major Paul A. Duich was among numerous witnesses to a vertically oriented
cylinder on September 8, 1958, at SAC headquarters in Omaha, NE. See Hall
(1964), 25-27.
13. Zeidman (1979); International UFO Reporter (November-December, 1988):
13-14; International UFO Reporter (March-April 1989): 17-18; Haines (1989);
13-30, "UFO-Helicopter Close Encounter over Ohio," Flying Saucer Review 22( 4):
15-19; Cincinnati Enquirer, October 22, 1973. Army Disposition Form incident report on case reproduced in Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 239.
14. Sky look (September 1974): 17, from La Nueva Provincia, November 10, 1973;
Haines (1979), 121.
15. Ballester Olmos (1995b).
16. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 50-51.
17. Interceptors were scrambled to investigate radar-UFOs over Washington, DC,
July 19, 1952. By the time the jets arrived "the objects had left the scene (confirmed
by radar), returning when the jets departed." See The UFO Evidence (NICAP, 1964),
159. There are suggestions in many cases that UFOs react to electromagnetic transmissions, including radar (see February 14, 1973, airline encounter case near
McAlester, OK, section lll) and radio transmissions (see November 4, 1956, airline
sighting near Mobile, AL, The UFO Evidence [NICAP, 1964], 4-5).
18. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 16-19. Although the description of the object hovering low over the weapons area is somewhat imprecise, it invites comparison to the Bentwaters NATO base sighting in late December 1980.
19. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 41-46.
20. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 27-31. See 24th NORAD Region Senior Director's log excerpt reproduced on page 29, and National Military Command Center memorandum reproduced on pp. 30-31; see also Fowler (1981), 190-191.
21. Copy of log extracts in Fund for UFO Research files.
22. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 46-47.
23. Fowler (1981), 191.
24. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 47.
25. MUFON UFO journal (November 1990): 19, 22.
26. See The U.EO. Investigator (November 1976); DIA Defense Information Report Evaluation, IR No. 6846013976, 22 Sept 1976, by Maj. Roland B. Evans,
USAF, Military Capability Analyst; the text of the teletype report to the Pentagon
and other Federal agencies appears in International UFO Reporter Oanuary 1978):
6-7; see also Tehranjournal, September 20, 1976; Fowler (1981), 193-4; Fawcett
and Greenwood (1984), 81-86; Evans (1987), 85-88.
27. Case summary provided by Dominique Weinstein, Paris, France, from various French sources, including Lumieres Dans La Nuit, No. 330.
28. Good (1987), 140; Antonio Chiumiento, "UFO Alert at a NATO Base in
Italy," Flying Saucer Review, 30(2), (1984): 2-5.
29. Records and documentation in authors files.
30. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984), 74-75.
31. Butler et al. (1984); Benton jamison, "A Fire in the Forest: New Light on the
Rendlesham Landing," International UFO Reporter, (September-October 1988):
4-17, 21; Time-Life Books (1987), 132, 136, 141; Barry Greenwood, "UFO
Secrecy-84: Big Brother Is Watching Them," in MUFON 1984 UFO Symposium
Proceedings (Seguin, TX.: MUFON), 100-04; Boeche (1986), 45-61; Good (1987),
78-95, 452; Flying Saucer Review 27(6), (1982): 4-8; Warren and Robbins (1997).
32. Pope (1996), 142-43; from TV interview.
33. Pope (1996), 143-44; from TV interview.
34. Boeche (1986).
35. Flying Saucer Review 32(5), (1987): 12-13. Investigators: jose Sottomayer
and Antonio Rodrigues.
36. MUFON UFO journal (September 1986) 3-5, 11, 14; (November 1986): 6-7,
9, 15; International UFO Reporter Ouly-August1986) 4-6. Evans (1987), 111-13.
jornal do Brasil, May 22, 23, 1986; Clarin, Buenos Aires, May 23, 1986; 0 Globo,
May 24, 1986; 0 Dia, May 22, 23, 1986; Folha de Sao Paulo, May 24, 1986.
37. Paris Match, july 5, 1990; English translation in MUFON UFO journal (August 1990) 3-7; Wall Street journal, October 10, 1990, MUFON UFO journal Ouly
1990): 3.
38. Robert Durant, "UFO Intercept," MUFON UFO journal, (December 1995):
3-8.

==========================================================================
SECTION III. Pilot and Aircrew Sightings

Because UFOs are reported to be craftlike in appearance and to fly
through the earth's atmosphere from extreme altitudes to ground
level, it would be exceedingly odd if commercial, military, and private
pilots (including business pilots and recreational aircraft) did not see
them. If we do have extraterrestrial visitors whose craft are analogous
to ours, the airways would be the highly likely domain of early and
frequent encounters.
Professional pilots, particularly, are among the most experienced
practical observers of the sky and everything that flies through the air.
Identification of and preparation for anything that might endanger
their flight (including other aircraft or aerial devices such as balloons,
rockets, and missiles) is part of their professional duty and is essential for flying safety.
If UFOs are intelligently guided craft, their pilots might be expected to be curious about and interested in the technology and capabilities of their earthly counterparts. The UFO Evidence (1964) reported 119 pilot sightings from World War II through 1963. The
World War II sightings typically involved objects that paced U.S. and
Allied bombers.
During the late 1940s and early 1950s, airline pilots often reported
UFOs that paced or maneuvered around their planes. In 1952 and
later, military jet interceptors were scrambled to identify radar-visual
UFOs and engaged in cat-and-mouse pursuits of objects that seemingly toyed with them. 1
Over the past 30 years similar aerial sightings and what must be described as "encounters" have continued, even though reporting channels have become far more restrictive. For decades, evidence has suggested that the presumed UFO pilots can distinguish between
harmless civilian aircraft and armed and potentially dangerous military aircraft, and have demonstrated defenses against military
weapons (see section II, Tehran, Iran, case, September 19, 1976).
When military pilots have attempted to intercept UFOs, the objects
have tended to evade the pursuing aircraft and to play cat-and-mouse
games with them, easily staying out of harm's way by performing maneuvers that are not in the fighter pilots' textbooks (see sections II,
Ill). But the UFOs have repeatedly approached unarmed civilian aircraft very closely, circled them, paced alongside, and remained in
plain view for extended periods of time (see section Ill).
London Daily Star, England, july 16, 1993
"Pilots Tell of Cockpit Close Encounters" by Amanda Perthen:
British Airways pilots yesterday told of sighting shiny spaceships just
yards from their cockpits.
One, Graham Shepherd, set up a 'Captain's Log' inviting other airmen to report their close encounters.
Captain Shepherd was astonished when he saw a UFO on a routine
flight from Edinburgh to London.
He revealed in a radio interview: 'It was a sunny day and the controller at Preston said we had very fast-moving opposite-direction traffic on the right-hand side. Three of us saw a shiny disc object moving
towards us at very high speed. I haven't come to any definite conclusions, but I would say it was a flying machine not of this technology,
not of this earth,' added Captain Shepherd.
Fellow pilot Captain Paul Coomber also had an amazing encounter
on a flight over Germany. He said: 'An aircraft going the other way
passed-with two shiny white spherical objects, one larger than the
other. Another small object appeared. All three were stationary for a
few seconds, then they all disappeared with great acceleration in different directions. It was such great acceleration that I doubt whether
any human could have stood it.'
Based on his original file on the sighting by Capt. Paul Coomber,
Richard Haines elaborated on the case in a letter to the author dated
May 12, 1995:
The first two ... objects were side by side seen behind the oncoming
jet above them (over Stuttgart, Germany) .... They both noticed a third
donut-shaped silver object approaching the [original] two objects from
the east. just as it passed [them] one of the two objects turned 90 degrees quickly and flew to the east. This left one sphere continuing
northerly, one easterly, and the donut going westerly. Local ATC [air
traffic control] didn't see any of this on radar.

TABLE I. AIRCRAFT ENCOUNTER CASES
This chart lists UFO sightings by pilots (AL = airline pilot; M = military; P =
private), the majority of whom reported typical round, elliptical, conical, or
disc-shaped objects. The patterns of observation, and the strong similarity to
reports by other reliable witnesses, are readily apparent.
Date &: Location
july 16, 1964
Houghton Lake, Ml
February 11, 1965
Pacific Ocean
March 18, 1965
Himeji, japan
May 28, 1965
Townsville,
Queensland,
Australia
August 10, 1965
Nashville, IN
April 25, 1966
Ocala, FL
April30, 1966
Pasadena, CA
May 21, 1966
Willow Grove, PA
Witnesses
(AL) K. jannereth,
Northern Air Service
(AL) Flying Tiger crew
(AL) Capt. Yoshiaka
lnaba, TOA Airlines
(AL) Ansett-A.N.A.
Airlines
(P) Attorney-pilot
(P) Capt. Nathan
Sharron, crew, four
reporters
(P) C. H. Carr,
chemist-pilot
(P) William C. Powell,
former airline pilot
Description
Four objects slowed,
joined more, paced
plane in echelon formation'
Three red ovals paced
plane, tracked on radar, high-speed climbout (see section I)
Green ellipse paced
plane, E-M effects on
instruments'
Disc buzzed plane,
raced away; photos
confiscated (see case
summary below)
Two discs below
clouds, took off and
sped away"'
Governor's plane paced
by two apparently connected globes; UFO
climbed away'
Three round objects
changing positions in
formation
Disc with dome
turned, made pass at
plane (see section I)
Date &: Location Witnesses Description
September 20, 1966 (P) James J. O'Connor, Huge cone descended
Sebring, FL attor.ney-pilot over plane, followed
pilot's evasive actions,
climbed away (see case
summary below)
November 30, 1966 (P) Cessna 150 pilot Disc with blinking red
New Kingston, PA light hovered alongside
plane, shot straight
up'
December 30, 1966 (AL) Capt. Robert Two objects paced
Peru Millbank, Canadian plane, shone light
Pacific Airlines beams up, then down,
climbed away (see case
summary below)
February 2, 1967 (AL) Capt. 0. Sanviti, Cone paced plane, E-M
Lima, Peru Faucett Airlines effects on instruments;
joined by second object, both sped away
(see section I)
April 6, 1967 (AL) Pacific Western Red-orange object
Edmonton, Alberta, Airlines paced plane, sped
Canada away, tracked on
radar"
April17, 1967 (AL) Ozark Airlines Two huge round, flat
Jefferson City, MO objects below plane on
final approach, bluewhite light, moved in
various directions
June 11, 1967 (M) two F-102 pilots Chased silvery
Da Nang, Vietnam cylinder'0
July 19, 1967 (AL) Henry Schindler, Pink object zigzagged
Enderby, B.C., Canada Pacific Western through clouds, hovCanada pilot ered, disappeared''
September 10, 1967 (AL) Capt. Fred Cone maenuvered near
Barcelona, Spain Underhill, Air Ferry plane, haze or mist
Ltd. around bottom (see
case summary below)

Date &: Location Witnesses Description
June 4, 1968 (AL) Cdr. Humberto Glowing red cylinder
Punta Arenas, Chile Guardabassi, Argentine seen above plane for
Airlines five minutes"
July 7, 1968 (P) Rudy Malaspina, Eight pulsating red-orSeattle, WA Cherokee-6 pilot ange ovals changing
formation11
July 8, 1968 (P) Richard K. Mont- Yellow-orange object
Warren, OH gomery, Cessna 1 72 with body light darted
pilot back and forth, hovered, sped away"
August 22, 1968 (AL) Capt. Gordon Glowing white object
Kalgoorlie, Australia Smith, Piper Navajo emitted six smaller cipilot gar-shaped objects"
November 26, 1968 (P) Robert K. Watts, Two round white obBismarck, ND chief pilot, Capital jects on opposite
Aviation Corp. paths, hover-acceleration (see case summary
below)
November 26, 1968 (P) Two pilots Four bright red ovals
Lake Cyprus, FL in echelon formation;
objects lined up vertically, shot straight up
out of sight'
March 14, 1969 (M) Col. Robert M. Observed a hovering
Thailand Tirman, Air Force black cylinder in vertiflight surgeon, KC-135 cal position; fighters
crew sent to investigate, object disappeared (see
section II)
March 17, 1969 (P) Herman Slater and 15-20 white ovals dipLake Havasu, AZ Ben Ripley in Cessna ping and undulating in
150 unison below the
plane, which was at
5,000 feet"
120
Date & Location
August 9, 1971
Minas Gerais, Brazil
December 29, 1971
San Martin de Los
Andes, Argentina
February 2, 1973
Auckland to
Wellington, New
Zealand
February 14, 1973
McAlester, OK
October 18, 1973
Mansfield, OH
October 19, 1973
Indianapolis to
Beckley, WV
November 11, 1973
La Paz, Bolivia
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Witnesses
(AL) Capt. Vicente L.
Buono
(AL) Chilean LAN
Airlines B-727 crew
(AL) Capt. P. ]. Telling,
Air North
(AL) Pilot and co-pilot,
cargo flight
(M) Capt. Lawrence ] .
Coyne, Army Reserve,
and crew
(P, AL) Cessna pilot
confirmed on radio by
Piedmont pilot
(M, AL) Air Force Maj.
N. Saloman, Lloyd
Airlines crew
Description
Glowing orange disc
paced plane for 20
minutes, suddenly
sped away (see case
summary below)
Several glowing red objects executing highspeed position
changes
Bright glowing sphere,
its light illuminating
cockpit, paced plane,
sped away; E-M effects
(see case summary
below)
Disc with dome rnaneuvered near plane,
flew up and down;
made sharp turns, confirmed by radar (see
case summary below)
Elliptical object with
dome buzzed helicopter, shone green light
into cabin (see section
II)
Pulsating green, pyramid-shaped object
swooped alongside
plane, shot up out of
sight; tracked by FAA
radar
UFO following airliner;
interceptor pilot saw
top-shaped UFO with
windows maneuvering
at high speed (see section (II)
Pilot and Aircrew Siglttings 121
Date & Location Witnesses Description
November 30, 1973 (P, AL) Riccardo Glowing blue-red obTurin, Italy Marano, Piper Navajo ject over airport darted
pilot, two airline pilots erratically back and
forth (see case summary below)
January 26, 1974 (AL) SAS B-727 crew Precise V-formation of
Lisbon, Portugal 10-15 glowing orange
discs'0
January 29, 1974 (P) Instructor and Five glowing red obSanta Ana, CA student pilot jects buzzed, circled
plane for an hour off
the coast"
March 9, 1974 (P) Alfonso lsaia, Chased glowing white
Milan, Italy chief pilot, Fiat Auto disc, tracked by radar"
Company
March 13, 1974 (AL) Argentine Flanked by two glowCordoba, Argentina Airlines crew ing objects that paced
airliner for several
minutes, then sped
away"
March 17, 1974 (AL) Capt. William Shiny cigar-shaped obTaiwan Kirschner, Trans ject, five smaller round
Airways satellite objects"
November 28, 1974 (P) Private pilot Magnetic compass roShabbona, IL tating, saw circular object pacing plane; object suddenly tipped
and shot away"
May 3, 1975 (P) Carlos Montiel, Three domed discs
Tequesquitengo Lake, Piper PA-24 pilot paced aircraft, conMexico firmed by radar (see
case summary below)
July 4, 1975 (P) Cessna 150 pilot Large oval object, acFairfield, NJ celerated rapidly out of
sight'
Date &: location Witnesses Description
july 6, 1975 (Al) Allegheny Air- Daylight disc made
Wilkes-Barre, PA lines BAC-111 crew tum, entered base of
thunderhead cloud27
August 14, 1975 (M) Maj. Claude Rid- Disc, red-orange glow,
Stockton, CA dle, Air Natl Guard flashing lights; made
helicopter pilot, air erratic motions, shot
traffic controllers straight up28
October 27, 1975 (M) Air National Pursued UFO that
Loring AFB, ME Guard helicopter pilot made 90-degree turns
during SAC base intrusions (see section II)
October 28, 1975 (AL) DC-9 pilot Aircraft followed by
Belgrade, Yugoslavia glowing UFOs, tracked
by radar, instruments
affected29
March 3, 1976 (M) French AF T-33 Luminous green object
Tours, Indre-et-Loire, pilot approached, illumiFrance nated the aircraft (see
section II)
March 11, 1976 (AL) Iberian Airlines Elongated object,
Palma de Majorca, pilot bright light from "winSpain dows," paced aircraft30
july 22, 1976 (AL) Capt. Franco de Large object at 35,000
Central India Rosa, Alitalia Airlines ft. with brightly illumiDC-10 pilot nated windows31
September 19, 1976 (M) Two F-4 pilots Radar-visual UFO
Tehran, Iran intercept attempt, electrical system failures
(see section II)
October 17, 1976 (AL) Capt. Masara Yellow disc hovered
Akita Airport, Japan Saito, Toa Airlines near airport for five
minutes, flew away toward sea (see case
summary below)

Date &: Location Witnesses Description
january 21, 1977 (AL) Capt. Gustavo Radar-visual UFO,
Bogota, Colombia Ferreira, Avianca zigzag flight; reacted to
Airlines flashing landing lights,
sped away (see case
summary below)
March 7, 1977 (M) Maj. Rene Giraud, Brilliant elongated
Chaumont, Haute- Capt. jean-Paul object made passes at
Marne, France Abraham, French Air Mirage IV bomber (see
Force section II)
September 4, 1977 (AL) Frontier Airlines Glowing oval object,
Billings, MT pilot white, green, red pulsations"
September 22, 1977 (AL) Capt. George Elongated object, row
El Paso, TX Didlake, Continental of lights, overtook
Airlines DC-10 pilot plane, 90-degree turn,
shot up out of sight"
October 26, 1977 (P, M) Private pilot, Small aircraft saw
Dallas, TX Air Force T-38 pilot bright red sphere
ahead, E-M effects on
instruments; UFO
changed color to
white, shot straight
up'4
November 18, 1977 (P) Light aircraft pilot Paced for three minTroy, MO utes by bright white
light, E-M effects; sped
away"
December 8, 1977 (AL) Golden West Radar-visual UFOs;
Los Angeles, CA Airlines crew two round glowing
objects maneuvered
around plane (see case
summary below)
December 9, 1977 (P) Cessna 206 pilot Metallic oval passed
Kunanurra, below plane at 1,675
North Territory, meters altitude, viewed
Australia against terrain 36
Date & Location Witnesses Description
December 22, 1977 (AL) TWA pilots White circular object
North Atlantic with body lights paced
plane for 20 minutes,
left contrail and green
smoke ring when it departed"
january 1, 1978 (P) Floyd P. Hallstrom, Silvery domed disc
Santa Monica, CA Cessna 170A pilot with portholes passed
aircraft at high speed
(see case summary
below)
February 5, 1978 (P) Corporate pilot V-formation of 10
Klamath Falls, OR bright lights paced
plane, climbed, sped
away38
june 11, 1978 (P) Robert W. Wessel, Shiny silver oval 2-3
Los Angeles, CA Cessna 150 pilot feet long flew below
plane, circled, climbed,
passed in front of aircraft'
june 24, 1978 (AL) North Central White oval, red lights
Madison, WI Airlines charter pilot around edge, circled
rapidly, turbulence
felt'"
August 22, 1978 (AL) Capt. Gordon Large object emitted
Perth, Australia Smith, Murchison Air small satellite objects;
Services aircraft radio failed
until small objects reentered and parent object sped away"
October 21, 1978 (P) Frederick UFO circled overhead,
Bass Strait, Australia Valentich, Cessna 182 pilot reported to air
pilot traffic control by radio;
aircraft and pilot disappeared (see case summary below)

Date & Location Witnesses Description
October 30, 1978 (P) Pilots, air traffic Round silvery object
Santiago, Chile controllers at Tobalaba circled airfield, second
Airfield object sped away to the
south12
November 21, 1978 (AL) Werner Utter, Disc with dome, legs,
Newfoundland chief pilot, Lufthansa antennae, emitting
Airlines; TWA pilot moving beams of
light"
May 26, 1979 (P, AL) Jim Gallagher, String of orange obHailey, ID private pilot; Braniff jects changing formaAirlines pilot tion; radar-visual (see
case summary below)
August 9, 1979 (P) State Police officer- Two discs below plane
Hayfork, CA pilot contour flying "on the
deck"; accelerated and
sped away"
September 28, 1980 (P) Aerostar PA60 pilot Two yellow discs cirBoca Raton, FL cled plane, sped away"
Pulsating red object
February 9, 1981 (P) Gary Rounds, buzzed plane, darted
San Jose, CA Charles Shackleford, around at high speed
Cessna 150 pilots (see section I)
Shiny object 3-5 feet
April20, 1981 (P) Cessna 210 pilot diameter hovered beReno, NV low plane, tilted, accelerated rapidly, sped
away<
Silvery disc with ports
July 4, 1981 (AL) L-1011 pilot around edge, maneuLake Michigan vered ahead of jumbo
jet (see case summary
below)
Both observed bright
October 31, 1981 (AL) Pedtro Heslop, round object flying at
Marcos Juarez, Austral Airlines; about 180 meters altiArgentina Alberto Paracampo, tude.,
Aerolineas Argentinas
126
Date & Location
October 24, 1982
Lowell, IN
November 2, 1982
Maxial, Portugal
May 11, 1986
Sedona, AZ
May 19, 1986
Brazil
November 17, 1986
Fort Yukon, AK
February 11, 1988
Beira, Mozambique
July 22, 1989
Blue Hill Bay, ME
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Witnesses
(P) Instructor and
student pilot
(M) Two Air Force
pilots in trainer aircraft
(P) Robert H. Henderson, minister-pilot,
Cessna 172
(P, M) Private and
military pilots
(AL) Capt. Kenju
Terauchi, Japan Airlines
(AL) Capt. Simplicia
Pinto, LAM Airlines
B-737 pilot
(P) Bill Reiff, attorneypilot, in Beechcraft
Description
Double globular object
flew beneath plane, instant course reversals,
heavy turbulence felt,
altimeter malfunctioned ...
Round, silvery object,
up and down motions,
made pass at plane,
sped away (see section
II)
Dome-shaped object,
head-on pass, flew beneath plane at estimated 1,200 mph ...
Radar-visual sightings
of pulsating red-orange
UFOs, sharp turns,
instant relocations
(see section II)
Huge Saturn-shaped
object maneuvered
near plane, sudden position changes, radar
confirmation (see case
summary below)
Hovering, slow-moving
object observed at
take-off; huge object
with blinding lights
took off vertically'"
Shiny metallic oval
hovered, darted
around, moved in front
of plane; glowed red,
sped away"

Date &: Location Witnesses Description
March 21, 1990 (M) Interceptor pilot Radar-visual sighting,
Pereslavl-Zalesskiy, UFO with flashing
Russia lights moved up and
down, changed course
(see section I)
March 30, 1990 (M) Air Force F-16 Radar-visual sightings,
Brussels and Wavre, pilots highly maneuverable
Belgium delta-shaped objects
(see section II)
(AL) Air Charter Glowing blue-green ciMarch 6, 1991 Flight 866 crew gar-shaped object on
Kingston, Ontario, easterly course,
Canada stopped ahead of aircraft, proceeded to
north"
(AL) Capt. Zho, One ring-shaped obMarch 18, 1991 regional airlines pilot ject, two rectangular;
Kunshan, China objects moved to and
fro, red blaze of light
from ring"
(AL) Capt. Zaghetti, Round, missile-like
April 21, 1991 Alitalia Airlines object 3 meters long
Heathrow Airport, MD-80 pilot crossed path of deLondon, UK scending airliner; radar
tracked UFO behind
plane"
(P, AL) Cessna 210 Radar-visual sighting;
June 8, 1991 pilot; LAP Airlines UFO paced Cessna,
Concepcion, Paraguay pilot E-M effects; UFO
buzzed airliner (see
case summary below)
(AL) Air Liaison Dark blue metallic triMay 20, 1993 Flight 112 crew angular object"
Ottawa, Canada
128
Date &: Location
January 27, 1994
Kazakhstan Republic
July 6, 1994
Budapest, Hungary
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Witnesses
(AL) Tajik Airlines
B-747 pilot
(P) Ex-RAF test pilot
Description
Brilliantly luminous
UFO circled, made
sharp turns, contraillike effect'
Bright light flying fast
on northerly course,
suddenly turned,
"shot off . . . at mindboggling speed""
Australian Airliner Buzzed by Disc, Photos Confiscated
On May 28, 1965, near Townsville, North Queensland, Australia (a
major seaport on Halifax Bay), the pilot and aircrew of an AnsettA.N.A. DC-6B (call sign VH-INH) was en route from Brisbane, Australia, to Port Moresby, New Guinea, at 3:25 A.M. The pilot called
Townsville Ground Control and spoke to operator William Orr, informing him that his aircraft was being buzzed by a UFO. The pilot
gave his position as above or abreast of Bougainville Reef. The object
was a flattened sphere with what looked like exhaust gases coming
from it. It paced the airliner for 10-15 minutes, then accelerated and
raced ahead and out of sight.
Photographs were taken during the sighting. The pilot was diverted back to Brisbane and from there flown to Canberra "where the
film was taken from him and I am told he was instructed to tell no
person of this incident." The audiotapes of air traffic control transmissions at Townsville also were confiscated. Some days after this, air
traffic controller Orr was told to "shut his mouth" about the incident,
with the added threat that if he didn't he might be dismissed by the
Department of Civil Aviation. ;a
Giant Cone Shadows Private Aircraft
james]. O'Connor, private pilot, attorney, and former Army investigator, was flying at 9,500 feet (about 3 km) on September 20, 1966
near Sebring, FL, when at about 10:00 A.M. he saw what first appeared
to be a delta-shaped object overhead. Curious, he climbed toward the
object, but leveled off at about 10,000 feet due to lack of oxygen
equipment. Suddenly the object descended toward his plane and began 
pacing him, its huge size blocking out the sunlight. It made a
"singing" noise like automobile tires on a wet pavement.
When his plane was completely in the shadow of the object for several minutes, O'Connor became apprehensive. He pulled up his plane,
reduced power and stalled out, diving as fast as he could without putting a strain on his plane. He dropped to 3,500 feet (1,050 meters) before looking up again. "That's when I was frightened," he reported.
"That thing had not changed size at all, but was still with me and pacing me. It was still as big as a football field."
Briefly O'Connor thought of shooting at the UFO with a .38 Special he kept in the cockpit, but about that time the object appeared to
change shape to a wedge, then a thin line. "I realized it was climbing,"
O'Connor said, "doing a reverse peel-off in a 360 degree turn. We
don't have an aircraft that could do this, I think. It was more like the
thing was 'falling up.' " He estimated that the object had followed him
for 17 minutes.
The sighting was in bright daylight with a clear sky, some light
altocirrus clouds high above. When he first noticed the object overhead, O'Connor opened his canopy and looked straight up at it. He
was flying visual flight rules (VFR) from Winter Haven to Miami at
the time. When the UFO broke off pursuit and climbed away, O'Connor got a view of the underside of a cone, point upward. 59
Two UFOs Pace Canadian Airliner, Emit Light Beams
At 3:00A.M. local time over the coast of Peru, on December 30, 1966,
a Canadian Pacific Airlines DC-8 was at 35,000 feet (ll km) on a
northwest course. Capt. Robert Millbank and five flight crew members observed a pair of objects that paced the plane for seven minutes.
The sky was clear and stars were visible. The sighting was reported to
VFON and in the news media. The phenomenon, appearing initially
as a pair of high luminosity lights separated by about three to four degrees, was first spotted 70 degrees to the left of the jet's flight path at
an estimated elevation angle of about 10 degrees.
Some of the crew members reported vaguely perceiving a connecting structure between the two lights. The lights hovered for about a
minute, pulsating, then moved down toward the plane and assumed a
position off the left wing for another minute or two. As it paced the airliner, the object emitted a V-shaped pair of thin light beams upward,
then later down. Finally it accelerated, pulled away, climbed rapidly
out over the Pacific to the west, and disappeared in the distance.
Capt. Millbank stated, "In 26 years of flying I have never seen anything like this before." Second Officer]. D. Dahl said, "In my opinion,
the only answer to this sighting is a craft with speed and controllability unknown to us. "60
Another Cone Maneuvers Near British Airliner
Capt. Fred Underhill, pilot, and his crew were flying an Air Ferry Ltd.
DC-6 bound for England from Majorca, at 16,000 feet (4.8 km) on
September 10, 1967. Near Barcelona, Spain, at 5:35 P.M. (just before
sunset) they saw an unusual object about 30 degrees to their left and
above, headed west. The object then crossed to their right, turned toward them, decelerated, and descended. As it neared they saw that it
was a metallic-appearing cone, point upward, haze or mist around its
lower portion. The object came head-on at an estimated 600-700
knots (690-800 mph), passed under the starboard wing, turning and
maneuvering, and disappeared to the south. A check with Barcelona
flight controllers indicated that there were no known aircraft in the
area.
Underhill said in an interview that it "must have been under control . . . it definitely altered course substantially." According to First
Officer Brian Dunlop, "There was a definite solid object the like of
which none of the four crew had ever seen before. "61
Pilots, FAA, Radar Confirm UFOs Near Airport
Alvin Bell, chief flight controller and jack B. Wilhelm, air traffic controller, Bismarck, ND, International Airport, and Robert K. Watts,
chief pilot, Capital Aviation Corp., airborne in the vicinity in a Cessna
aircraft, all observed a bright, round white light moving northerly at
moderate speed at 5:40P.M. on November 26, 1968. They then noticed
a second similar object moving south. The northbound object
stopped, and the other reversed direction, sped back, and took a position next to the first.
The two objects hovered about 10 seconds, then both shot away at
high speed to the north or northeast, disappearing in seconds. Watts
was a Military Air Transport System ferry command pilot in World
War II and had 30 years' commercial aviation experience.
During the sighting the control tower operators called the FAA
Flight Control Radar Installation at Malmstrom AFB in Great Falls,
MT. Radar operators confirmed that they were tracking the objects,
which were moving erratically at high speeds, and were about 10
miles (16 km) north-northeast of Bismarck. Weather was clear, 29 degrees, visibility unrestricted, 10-knots southerly winds. A report on
the incident was given to NICAP by Maj. Vallie E. Griffin, electronic
warfare officer at the Bismarck Strategic Air Command detachment.62
Glowing Disc Startles Veteran Brazilian Airline Pilot
Capt. Vicente Lopes Buono, commanding an airline flight (call letters
PP-DHU) between Belo Horizonte and Uberaba, Brazil, on August 9,
1971, at 9:00A.M., reported that his plane was paced for 20 minutes
at an altitude of 2,400 meters (7,920 feet) by a glowing orange disc
("like two round basins, one on top of the other") over mountainous
terrain. Sgt. Falcao, flight controller at Uberaba airport, suggested that
he investigate the object. When the pilot tried to move closer, the object maintained a constant distance, then suddenly increased its speed
and disappeared.
The sighting occurred between the cities of Pratinha and Sacramento in the Minas Gerais region. Lopes Buono, a pilot for 24 years,
said, "I never saw anything like it in my entire career as a pilot." He
gave a statement to Sgt. Silvio Motta, commander of the Brazilian Air
Force unit in Uberaba.63
Sphere Illuminates Airliner Cabin,
Instruments Malfunction
On February 2, 1973, Captain Peter Telling was flying a Grand Commander aircraft at 10,000 feet (3 km) over the Ohura Beacon area of
New Zealand when he thought he had a fire in his starboard engine.
While he was carefully assessing what was happening, a sphere of intense bluish-white light over 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter appeared
about 30 yards (27 meters) away, its brilliant light illuminating the
cockpit. Telling said the brightness of the light was "much like a welding arc." The object paced his plane for 20-25 seconds, then accelerated and sped away.
During the period the UFO remained near the aircraft, the automatic direction finder and both the gyroscopic and magnetic compasses went haywire and spun wildly. All directional equipment remained nonfunctional until the plane passed over the Wanganui area.
Telling, who also has a radio show, heard Vic Harris of Auckland on a
talk show and contacted him to discuss the sighting. 64
Domed Disc Cavorts Near Airliner, Confirmed by Radar
An airline DC-8 cargo flight was en route from St. Louis to Dallas on
February 14, 1973, at about 2:30A.M. At a point near McAlester, OK,
the copilot noticed what he first thought was another aircraft just below the leading edge of the right wing about 5,000 feet (1,500 meters)
away. The object was on the same course and speed as he was, keeping a constant position. Only its steady amber light seemed unconventional.
Suddenly the object rose straight up like an elevator, made a sharp
turn, and approached the plane, taking up a position about 300 yards
(270 meters) away and slightly above it. It was disc-shaped with a
transparent dome on top, its silvery, highly polished surface reflecting
the moonlight. Besides some stubby protrusions, no other features
were visible.
The captain switched on the weather radar and it confirmed that
something real and solid was there. When the radar beam hit its surface, the object reacted immediately, ascending straight up, then moving sideways over the DC-8 and briefly out of sight. The object reappeared quickly, descending straight down and taking up a new
position just below the leading edge of the plane's left wing. It then
dropped below and behind the plane, abruptly reappearing only about
300 feet (90 meters) below them.
Looking down into the dimly lit dome, the pilots saw two or three
shadowy entities moving around. The object then darted out in front
and performed various oscillatory motions and another sharp (noninertial) turn before speeding out of sight. It disappeared off the radar
scope at a distance of 50 miles (80 km). 65
UFO Darts "To and Fro" at Italian Airport
Pilot Riccardo Marano was about to land at Caselle Airport, Turin,
Italy, in a Piper Navajo on November 30, 1973, when the control
tower notified him that there was a UFO about 400 meters (1,320
feet) above the runway. He looked and saw a luminous, multicolored
ball of light changing from violet to blue to dark red. "When I got
closer and had a better view," he said, "the object at once made off,
flying in a most irregular fashion, maneuvering in a way I have seen
no plane do, making fantastic lateral deviations, and sudden vast
jumps to and fro, as if it enjoyed playing hide-and-seek. ... Its speed
was as high as 900 km per hour [540 mph)."
Col. Rustichelli, commandant of the Caselle military airfield, said
he had seen the UFO on his own radar screen. "It was something
solid, lit up, like a plane on my radar . . . . "
Commander Tranquillo, pilot of an Alitalia Air Line DC-9 en route
from Turin to Rome, called to the control tower: "I see a shining thing
giving out intermittent flashes of light, four miles from me. I dare not
approach. I give way. "
Commander Mezzalami in another Alitalia DC-9 said: "I was able
to observe the object ... notified by the control tower just as I was
about to touch down. I had a good view of it. .. . I can offer no theories as to its significance, and can only say that it was something very
strange indeed. "66
Discs Surround Aircraft, Confirmed by Radar
Carlos Antonio de los Santos Montiel, 23, was flying a Piper PA-24
from Zihuatenejo to Mexico City at about 15,000 feet ( 4.5 km) on
May 3, 1975. While passing over Lake Tequesquitengo at 1:34 P.M., he
felt a strange vibration in the plane. Then he saw to the right, pacing
alongside, a 10-to 12-foot (3 meters) in diameter disc with a dome on
top. Another appeared to the left of the plane, and a third disc apMay 3, 1975: Near Mexico City, Mexico
Airplane surrounded, "controlled" by UFOs.
proached head-on, dropping beneath the plane. Carlos felt a jolt as if
the object had collided with his plane.
He pulled the landing gear lever, but it failed to operate. The plane
felt as if it were being pulled or lifted, and the controls refused to respond. Although badly shaken, Carlos notified Mexico City by radio,
describing what was happening. At the same time air control radar
was showing unexplained objects near his plane that were capable of
sharp turns, unlike normal aircraft. Finally their blips merged on the
radar screen and sped away toward Mt. Popocatepetl. After the objects
left, Montiel was able to lower his landing gear manually and to land
safely. Aviation personnel who know him testified to his sobriety and
trustworthiness. 67
Disc Hovers Near japanese Airport,
Seen by Pilot and Tower
A brilliant golden disc hovered south of Akita Airport in japan on October 17, 1976, for five minutes starting at 10:40 A.M. The object was observed by control tower personnel and an airline pilot taxiing to take off.
Kenichi Waga, telecommunications officer in the control tower, said: "It
was disc-shaped, larger than a car, but smaller than an airplane."
Capt. Masara Saito, 34, Toa Airlines pilot, was preparing to take off
when he noticed "a strange looking disc-shaped object 5,000 feet
(1,500 meters) from the ground. It was something I had never seen
before." Tazawa Takumi, air traffic controller on duty, who observed
the object through binoculars, said it looked like "two plates placed
together, with the top one inverted." The unidentified object finally
flew away toward the sea.68
October 17, 1976: Akita, japan
UFO "like two plates placed together, the top one inverted," hovered near
airport for five minutes.
High-Speed Object Buzzes Airliner,
Tracked on Radar, Responds to Light Signals
On january 21, 1977, at 9:00P.M., Capt. Gustavo Ferreira, an airline pilot with 20 years' experience, was commander of Avianca Airline Flight
No. 132. He had just taken off from Eldorado Airport in Bogota, Colombia, bound for Pereira and was at 20,000 feet (6 km) when he suddenly
saw an extremely bright light approaching head-on. At the same time
radar operator jorge Jiminez picked up an object traveling at 44,000
km/h (26,400 mph), appearing on the radar screen three times the size
of a normal aircraft, and moving in a zigzag fashion. Copilot Pedro
Tapias, the flight engineer, and two stewardesses also saw it.
The crew asked Bogota air traffic control about other traffic in the
vicinity; the reply was: "Negative. I have no report of any traffic in that
quarter, but our [radar] screen is picking up an object flying in zigzags
at 44,000 kmlh. What are you seeing?" The crew replied that they were
watching a brilliant white light. "At times it is stationary, and at other
times it is moving." The sky was totally clear and starry. Capt. Ferreira
turned on the landing lights, and suddenly the unexplained light
turned red. When he switched the landing lights off and on again, the
object immediately flashed green lights, then sped away to the south
and out of sight. Jiminez reported that the object made a 90-degree
turn at high speed before disappearing from the radar scope.
Capt. Ferreira told the newspaper, El Tiempo, that he had never believed in UFOs before, but "now I am certain that they exist." The
newspaper quoted Eldorado Airport personnel as saying there had
been numerous sightings over the past two months that they had not
reported for fear of being considered crazy, but they would now break
their silence. 69
Radar-Visual Sighting by Airline Pilot
FAA radar tracked four UFOs on radar at 8:00P.M., December 8, 1977,
about 3-5 miles (6 km) north of Laguna Peak, CA. The objects appeared to travel five miles in one sweep of the scope. The observations
continued for more than an hour between Oxnard and Los Angeles,
CA. At 8:45 P.M. the aircrew of a Golden West commuter airliner en
route from Oxnard to Los Angeles watched two brilliant, large circular lights maneuver around the plane for 15 minutes. One paced the
aircraft for 10 miles (16 km), moved away, then came back across the
path of the airliner "at a tremendous speed. "70
Daylight Disc Buzzes Veteran Pilot, Alters His Life
A dome-shaped UFO with portholes was seen over Santa Monica, CA,
on January 1, 1978, in broad daylight by veteran pilot Floyd P. Hallstrom of Oxnard. Hallstrom had been flying for 3 7 years, 17V,. as a
Navy combat air crewman and personal crew chief to admirals, including the commander-in-chief of the Atlantic Fleet.
Hallstrom left Oxnard about 12:35 P.M. in a Cessna 170A bound for
San Diego via Los Angeles, following a friend, Jim Victor, who was delivering another plane to a customer at Browns Field, San Diego. The
plan was for Hallstrom to ferry Victor back to Oxnard after the delivery. The two kept in touch by radio.
As Hallstrom approached Santa Monica at an altitude of 7,500 feet
(2,250 meters), the sky was clear except for a smog layer in the vicinity of Los Angeles International Airport.
"At this time I was looking for Jim straight ahead," Hallstrom reported, "when I spotted [the UFO) just on the edge of the haze area
above LAX slightly to the east side .... I thought it was Jim, so I
watched it for about a minute because he had just given me his position report, but it seemed to get larger and coming toward me so I
naturally realized that it wasn't Jim ....
"I started looking to see what it was but I could see no wings on
this aircraft, although at this time I could see windows which appeared to be passenger windows in the aircraft. As it drew nearer,
though, I was able to determine that there were no wings or horizontal empennage assembly to the aircraft as a conventional aircraft .... "
Hallstrom began wondering if it was some kind of helicopter, but
it was approaching at high speed. As the UFO passed about 6,000 feet
(l ,800 meters) to his left, he was looking down on it an angle of
30-45 degrees. Then the true form suddenly became clear to him.
There were no rotors, no tail assembly.
"All of a sudden I was able to make out the complete form of a
saucer shape or round object . . . I could see the dome, also very
vividly clear, including all the windows .... [I) observed it to be of a
very bright metal . . . it was more of a nickel or highly polished
chrome or stainless steel type of metal than aluminum because it had
more of a mellow glow than [if) it was of the type finish on a highfinish aluminum."
About 16 to 20 evenly spaced windows were visible around the circumference of the dome, located just above the base. The dome appeared to be a perfect hemisphere about 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter resting on the base, which was about 30 feet (9 meters) in
january 1, 1978: Santa Monica, CA
Veteran pilot shocked by UFO encounter (compare to 1975 sighting by
Japanese ship).
diameter. The UFO continued on a course of about 310 degrees (opposite to Hallstrom's course) with no sign of rotation, oscillation,
pitch, roll, or yaw. Nor was there any sign of a propulsion system. The
sun reflected off the dome as a bright spot as the UFO passed. After

White flashing lights

April 6, 1975: Off Singapore

Sighting at sea by Japanese ship Shinto Maru; UFO skimmed water, ascended.
about a minute the object disappeared from view behind the Cessna.
Hallstrom estimated its speed at about 650 mph (1,000 kmlh). He
quickly took notes and made a sketch of the UFO.
Reaching for his radio microphone, he first called Jim Victor to report what he had seen. Then he notified various FAA authorities.
Hallstrom, who was shaken by the sighting, later had troubling
dreams, mostly about UFOs and aliens. He had never taken the subject seriously, but the implications of what he had seen struck him. He
later reported that the experience had altered his entire life. 71
On July 4 Hallstrom had a second sighting, this time of a small disc.
Pilot Reports UFO Circling Overhead, Aircraft Vanishes
Frederick Valentich was flying a Cessna 182 from Morabbin, Australia,
to King Island, Tasmania, on October 21, 1978. As he started across
the Bass Strait in the vicinity of Cape Otway, shortly after 7:00P.M., he
reported seeing an apparently metallic object with a green light. Using
his code name Delta Sierra Juliet, he radioed Melbourne air traffic control (V = Valentich; M =Melbourne Air Traffic Control): 72
1906:14 (V) Melbourne, this is Delta Sierra Juliet. Is there any known
traffic below 5,000?
1906:23 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, no known traffic.
1906:24 (V) Delta Sierra juliet, I am ... seems to be a large aircraft below 5,000.
1906:46 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, what type of aircraft is it?
1906:50 (V) I cannot affirm; it is four bright [lights?). It seems to me
like landing lights.
1907:32 (V) Melbourne, this is Delta Sierra juliet. The aircraft has just
passed over me at least a thousand feet above.
1907:43 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Roger; and it is a large aircraft? Confirm?
1907:47 (V) Er, unknown due to the speed it's travelling. Is there any
Air Force aircraft in the vicinity?
1907:57 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, no known aircraft in the vicinity.
1908:18 (V) Melbourne, it's approaching now from due east towards me.
1908:28 (M) Delta Sierra juliet ...
1908:42 [open microphone for two seconds)
1908:49 (V) Delta Sierra juliet, it seems to me that he's playing some
sort of game; he's flying over me two, three times at a time, at speeds
I could not identify.
1909:02 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Roger. What is your actual level?
1909:06 (V) My level is four and a half thousand, 4-5-0-0.
1909:11 (M) Delta Sierra Juliet, and confirm you cannot identify the
aircraft?
1909:14 (V) Affirmative.
1909:18 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Roger. Stand by.
1909:28 (V) Melbourne, Delta Sierra Juliet; it's not an aircraft, it is ...
[open microphone for two seconds)
1909:46 (M) Delta Sierra Juliet, Melbourne; can you describe the, er,
aircraft?
1909:52 (V) Delta Sierra juliet, as it's flying past it's a long shape [open
microphone for three seconds). Cannot identify more than that it
has such speed [open microphone for three seconds) before me
right now, Melbourne.
1910:07 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Roger; and how large would the, er, object be?
1910:20 (V) Delta Sierra Juliet; Melbourne, it seems like it's [stationary? chasing me?) What I'm doing right now is orbiting and the
thing is just orbiting on top of me; also it's got a green light and [is)
sort of metallic. It's all shiny [on) the outside.
There was a further exchange for about a minute, during which
Valentich reported that the "aircraft" had suddenly vanished. Then
the encounter resumed and took a sinister turn.
1911:23 (V) [It's now) approaching from the southwest.
1911:37 (M) Delta Sierra juliet.
1911:52 (V) Delta Sierra juliet; the engine is, is rough idling. I've got it
set at 23, 24, and the thing is [coughing).
1912:04 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Roger; what are your intentions?
1912:09 (V) My intentions are, ah, to go to King Island; ah, Melbourne,
that strange aircraft is hovering on top of me again [open microphone for two seconds]. It is hovering and it's not an aircraft.
1912:22 (M) Delta Sierra Juliet.
1912:28 (V) Delta Sierra Juliet; Melbourne [open microphone for 17
seconds)
1912:49 (M) Delta Sierra juliet, Melbourne.
No further transmission was received from the aircraft, which vanished. Despite an extensive search lasting several days, no trace of the
airplane or pilot was found. The disappearance remains a complete
mystery to this day. However, thorough investigation has revealed
many interesting details.
140
October 21 , 1978: Bass Straight, Australia
Frederick Valentich, pilot who disappeared during UFO encounter (Photo:
Mutual UFO Network).
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Dr. Richard F. Haines (a perceptual psychologist and member of the
International Society of Air Safety Investigators) reconstructed the entire flight, including family information and other background circumstances. Since odd metallic scraping or clicking sounds were reported to be on the air traffic control tapes during the final 17 seconds
of open microphone, Haines obtained a copy of the tape and analyzed
it intensively with regard to sounds and to voice stress, inflection, and
language clues.
In his 1987 book, Melbourne Episode: Case Study of a Missing Pilot,
Haines reports the results of applying a sound spectrum analyzer to
the tape, and attempting to reconstruct the sounds by various means
while in flight in a Cessna 182. The attempt failed. "It is still not possible to identify the source of the noises during this period of 17 seconds on Valentich's voice tape," he concluded.
Australian UFO investigators learned that there were several other
UFO sightings in the vicinity at about the same time. A local concentration of sightings was investigated by the Tasmanian UFO Research
Centre, peaking on October 21. That same day and night, witnesses
in widely scattered locations saw round and cigar-shaped silvery objects that hovered and moved unlike normal aircraft. 73
Orange Objects in Formation,
E-M Effects on Aircraft
Jim Gallagher, a private pilot, was flying at about 10,000 feet (3 km)
on May 26, 1979, leaving Blackfoot and approaching Hailey, ID, at
12:05 A.M. "I looked up in front of me," he said, "and saw these five
orange objects in a horizontal formation in front of me, and then they
tilted-like an airplane would dip its wings-and I thought it was
[lights on) some kind of aircraft. Then they spread out and I knew
damn well it wasn't an aircraft."
The objects regrouped, formed a vertical line, then moved around
randomly, apparently coming closer. When the objects moved to the
left of his aircraft, "my magnetic compass started spinning and my
ADF [automatic direction finder) started spinning. At that point they
were in a straight-line formation and then they just blinked out. ... I
did have trouble receiving on the radio because of heavy static, and
my engine started running rough." Throughout Gallagher's sighting,
ground radar was tracking unidentified objects moving around his
aircraft.
At 2:40 A.M. the crew of a Braniff airliner flying at 35,000 feet
(11 km) from Seattle to Fort Worth, TX, also observed unidentified
orange objects below their aircraft over Idaho, as did the pilot of a
private jet just ahead of the airliner en route to Salt Lake City. As
both the airliner and the private jet reached a point about 50 miles
(80 km) southeast of Twin Falls, ID, the objects that were being
tracked on radar suddenly disappeared from the screen. At 2:53 A.M.
the Braniff pilot, now about 70 miles (112 km) northwest of Ogden,
UT, reported seeing the orange objects again at his one o'-clock position. Ground radar was tracking the objects again in the same location."
Silvery Disc Buzzes jumbo jet
over Lake Michigan
Capt. P.S. was flying an L-1011 for a major U.S. airlines, en route from
San Francisco to New York City, on july 4, 1981. At 4:45P.M. the plane
was at 37,000 feet (lO km) over Lake Michigan when a silvery disc
darted into view ahead and above. The object moved rapidly in an arc
down to the left and rolled, presenting a side view (10: 1 length to
height ratio) with six evenly spaced black "portholes" along the edge.
It then disappeared on a northerly course. 7'
The accompanying photograph, taken by Dr. Richard E Haines at
San Francisco International Airport, shows the pilot in the cockpit of
the same L-1011 about two weeks before the sighting occurred. The
pilot reconstructed the location, size, and shape of the object and
other circumstances for Dr. Haines during the interview.
july 4, 1981: Lake Michigan
jumbo jet pilot witness in L-1011 cockpit (Photo: Richard F. Haines, used
with permission).
Gigantic Saturn-Shaped Object
Dwarfs Boeing 7 4 7 over Alaska
A japan Airlines Boeing 747 freighter aircraft had an encounter with
one or more UFOs on November 17, 1986, as it flew over Alaska at
35,000 feet (11 km), in the vicinity of Fort Yukon, on a southwestward course en route from Iceland to Anchorage. Capt. Kenju Terauchi and First Officer Takanori Tamefuji, along with Flight Engineer
Yoshio Tsukuda, said that two small objects and one huge Saturnshaped object were in sight and on radar for more than 30 minutes,
starting at about 6:15 P.M . The objects followed the airplane as they
flew 350 miles (560 km). The pilot changed course and altitude several times, with FAA permission, in an effort to identify the objects.
Two rectangular-appearing objects sparkling with arrays of lights
suddenly loomed directly in front of the airplane, one above the other.
After a few minutes they abruptly changed position and appeared side
by side. Terauchi said they moved quickly and stopped suddenly.
They were also swinging from side to side in unison, as if linked together. VHF radio communications were garbled at this time, and
ceased when the two objects moved away to the left of the aircraft.
Two flat white lights continued to pace the airplane, then dropped
back and were lost from view both visually and on radar.
About 5:30 P.M., while in the vicinity of Fairbanks, AK, Capt. Terauchi checked a white light behind the plane and saw "a silhouette of
a gigantic spaceship." It was walnut-shaped, symmetrical above and
below, with a central flange. Capt. Terauchi said, "It was a very big
one-two times bigger than an aircraft carrier." At its closest point,
the large object cast such a bright light that it illuminated the cockpit,
and Terauchi co.uld feel heat on his face. Radio communications again
became garbled during the close approach.
The veteran crew became frightened by the large object and requested permission to change course. After the course change they
looked back and saw the object still following them. Increasingly fearful, they requested a descent to get away from the UFO ("We had to
get away from that object.") After they descended and turned again,
the object disappeared.
The FAA at first confirmed that several of its radar traffic controllers
had tracked the B-747 and the large object, and that U.S. Air Force
radar had also done so. Later official statements backed away from this
and tried to ascribe the radar targets to weather effects. On December 29, 1986, the FAA issued a report stating, "We are accepting the descriptions of the crew, but are unable to support what they saw."'"
july 4, 1981: Lake Michigan
Disc with portholes maneuvered ahead of airliner over Lake Michigan.
.f!li .
,.,
;
{
~
) ,.\. \
'Jo
.! Zt 74'~1~~
... lMo'l''t,'.
..
November 17, 1986: Fort Yukon, AK
Japan Airlines pilot's sketches of UFOS.
. "'7, .,. '"'1'.; r.a
: $ t lf'\f' l ., ..... -: .. 1
Brilliant Oval Paces Plane to Airport,
Confirmed by Radar
all .... oil,
.,
' 1:
"' "t~
t
On june 8, 1991, near Concepcion, Paraguay, Cesar Escobar was flying two passengers to Asuncion in his Cessna 210. While monitoring
the airport frequencies about 6:00 P.M., he overheard a conversation
between the control tower and a Lineas Aereas Paraguayas (LAP) air-
liner, with the airline pilot reporting a brightly lighted object approaching on a convergent course. The object was also showing on
airport radar. He heard the pilot exclaim as the unidentified object
sped past the airliner.
A few minutes later Escobar saw a bright, blue-white light approaching on his right side. Just then radar control radioed to ask if
he had traffic on his right, and he replied affirmatively. The object
proceeded to pace his plane for 25 minutes within about 400 meters
(1,320 feet). Its intense light tended to conceal its exact shape, but it
appeared to be oval. Several times it moved in closer, as if playing a
game, and he became frightened. When it approached, his instruments "went crazy," including his automatic direction findet, which
drifted around aimlessly.
"It seemed to be under intelligent control," he said. "Therefore, I
believe there was somebody out there who knew what he was doing
to me. I've never been so afraid in all my life. I didn't believe these
things existed." As he began descending into Asuncion Airport at 7:22
P.M., the object stopped following and hovered.
Anibal Gavigan, air traffic control specialist on duty at the time,
was called by radar control and told that a strange object had followed
the Cessna 210 into the airport. He was asked if he could see it. "I immediately saw the luminous object flying next to Escobar's plane," he
said. After Escobar landed the airport lights were turned off to better
identify the red, glowing object, which remained motionless over the
field, confirmed by radar. At one point a luminous ray (described as a
perfect yellow line) briefly shot from the object to the western horizon. When the object departed, it accelerated so rapidly that it disappeared after one sweep of the radar scope, too fast to be tracked.
The investigator also tracked down and interviewed Angel David
Farina, who had been copilot on the LAP flight that had encountered
the object. He confirmed that the object appeared to be oval and was
casting a strong red glow. 77

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Keyhoe (1953, 1955); Ruppelt (1956); Haines (1990); Hall (1994b).
2. Haines (1994), 143.
3. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 6;]apan Times, March 21, 1965.
4. Report in NICAP files.
5. AFN News Service, April 26, 1966; Palm Beach (FL) Post, April28, 1966.
6. Report in NICAP files.
7. Pittsburgh NICAP Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
8. Report in NICAP files.
9. Haines (1994), 175-76.
10. New York Post (Associated Press), june 15, 1967.
11. Vancouver, British Columbia, Sun, july 25, 1967.
12. Flying Saucer Review, (September-October 1968): 23.
13. Haines (1994), 69-71.
14. j. E. McDonald letter toR. H. Hall, November 30, 1968.
15. Haines (1994), 144; Perth West Australian, August 24, 1968.
16. Subcommittee report in NICAP files; Haines (1994), 145.
17. Report in NICAP files; witnesses were interviewed by Dr.]. E. McDonal; see
also APRO Bulletin (May-june 1972).
18. Haines (1994), 166; APRO Bulletin (May-june 1972).
19. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
20. Haines (1994), 64.
21. Santa Ana (CA) Register, February 27, 1974.
22. MUFON UFO journal (March 1989): 19.
23. Skylook (October 1974): 9; UFOs, a Challenge to Science (Cordoba, Argentina,june 1974): 29.
24. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines. Capt. Kirchner said the objects flew in formation and were sharply outlined. At first four small
round objects were visible, then a fifth was seen to emerge from underneath the
larger object (see Satellite Objects cases, section X).
25. Skylook (Aprill975): 5; MUFON UFO journal (November 1989): 23-24. The
date is given as November 24 in the latter reference.
26. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines. Related
sighting reported in Morristown {NJ) Daily Record, july 6, 1975.
27. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines; Skylook
(January 1976): 16-18.
28. During the sighting, a gray mist formed around the UFO, and it darted
around in various directions, finally departing straight upward.
29. Report in Center for UFO Studies files.
30. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines. The pilot
said the object was shaped like a "dirigible gondola," emitting intense light from
window-like openings. It paced the airliner, with occasional bursts of speed.
31. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
32. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
33. Haines (1979a), 121; MUFON UFO journal (September 1987): 19.
34. MUFON UFO journal (March 1983): 6.
35. MUFON UFO journal (March 1983): 6.
36. Basterfield (1980), 11-13.
37. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
38. MUFON UFO journal (March 1983): 6.
39. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard E Haines.
40. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard E Haines.
41. Basterfield (1980), 8-9; Norman (1984), 30.
42. Huneeus (1987), 198-99.
43. von Ludwiger (1993a), 53.
44. MUFON UFO journal (December 1980): 8-9.
45. Haines (1994), 161.
46. MUFON UFO journal (October 1981): 6.
47. Buenos Aires (Argentina) Herald, November 2, 1981.
48. International UFO Reporter (May-June 1983): 6-7.
49. MUFON UFO journal (October 1986): 8.
50. Good (1991), 114-19.
51. MUFON UFO journal (November 1989): 19-20; Bay Harbor (ME) Times, August 3, 1989.
52. National Research Council of Canada, Report N91/26.
53. Credit Dr. Richard E Haines.
54. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard E Haines. Dr. Haines
also provided a British Civil Aviation Authority letter dated 25 July 1991 and attached "Near Collision-Air Traffic Incident Report Form" on the case, which
states: "After extensive civil and military investigations it has not been possible to
identify positively the object ... the possibility of a missile from an army firing
range has been ruled out [as has] any space related activity .... We have therefore
closed the investigation and listed the sighting as an Unidentified Flying Object."
The letter is signed by B. H. Dale, Head OFS 3, Safety Data & Analysis Unit.
55. Credit Dr. Richard E Haines.
56. From CIA telex, cited by Dr. Richard E Haines.
57. Report in Center for UFO Studies files.
58. Report from Detective john Meskell, Criminal Investigation Branch, Australia, in NICAP files; Basterfield (1980), 7.
59. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 7; report in NICAP files.
60.J. E. McDonald letters to R.H. Hall, dated January 21 and January 29, 1969,
reporting on interviews with Capt. Robert Millbank and two other crew members;
see also Vaughan (1995), 128-29, and Gillmor (1969), 280-82.
61. Volunteer Flight Officer Network report via United Airlines; McDonald
(1968a), case 6; MUFON UFO journal (September 1987): 19; London Daily Express, September 11, 14, 1967.
62. Subcommittee report in NICAP files; Bismarck Tribune, November 27, 1968.
63. U.F.O. Investigator (NICAP, August 1971): 1; Brazil Herald, August 11, 1971;
unidentified Sao Paulo newspaper, August 10, 1971; Flying Saucer Review
(November-December 1972): 32.
64. "UFO Sighting from Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard E Haines; personal communication from Vic Harris, Spaceview, Auckland, New Zealand, in MUFON files.
65. Fowler (1981), 183-85.
66. Flying Saucer Review 20(2), (1974): 27; La Domenica del Carriere, December 16, 1973; Lumieres Dans La Nuit, No. 133.
67. Skylook (May 1975): 14, (August 1975): 3-4.
68. MUFON UFO journal (October 1991): 22, 26.
69. Flying Saucer Review, 23(2), (1977) 25-26; El Tiempo, Bogota, Colombia,
February 18, 1977.
70. MUFON UFO journal (March 1983): 6.
71. MUFON UFO journal (January 1978): 3-5. Investigators: Robert K. Bowker
and Idabel Epperson.
72. Haines (1987); Frola (1990), 183-85, 243-49.
73. Basterfield (1980), 14-15; Frola (1990), 162-66; Flying Saucer Review 24(5),
(1979): 3-5; William C. Chalker, "Vanished-The Valentich Affair Re-Examined,"
Flying Saucer Review 30(2), (1984): 6-12; Chalker (1996), 168-71.
74. Haines (1994), 154-55; MUFON UFO journal (May 1989): 19; Phenomena
Research Report, 3(4), (1980).
75. Richard F. Haines, Flying Saucer Review, 27(4), (1982): 3-6; 27(5), (1982):
2-8.
76. Bruce Maccabee, "The Fantastic Flight of]AL 1628," International UFO Reporter (March-April,1987), 4-23; MUFON UFO Journal (February 1987): 3-8;
MUFON UFO journal (March 1987): 4-5; Clark (1990), 146-48; FAA report, December 29, 1986; Paul Steucke, FAA press conference, Anchorage, AK, March 5,
1987; Anchorage Daily News, March 6, 1987; sketches by the pilot appear in TimeLife Books (1987), 122-23.
77. MUFON UFO journal (February 1994): 8-10. Investigator: jorge Alfonso
Ramirez.

=============================================================================
SECTION IV. Scientists and Technicians

One of the many myths about UFOs is that no trained and experienced observers have reported truly puzzling sightings. Instead, it
is said that the witnesses are only unsophisticated and impressionable
persons who see prosaic things that they don't understand, and they
deluge authorities with low-grade reports. The implication is that UFO
witnesses only see vague lights in the sky (LITS) that could be anything, but because of some desire to seek "saviors from space," they
convert these trivial sightings into claims of extraterrestrial visitation.
An alleged desire on the part of UFO witnesses to see things that
really are not there is a staple of the argument presented by self-styled
skeptics (more aptly termed debunkers) in their ill-informed zeal to refute the notion that UFOs are something real and potentially important scientifically (see section XVI).
This section includes reports by scientists, engineers, and aviation
personnel other than pilots that refute the debunker stereotype, as do
the cases in the preceding three sections.' These reports document the
fact that intelligent, informed, technically trained persons have seen
and reported structured, craftlike objects (not merely LITS) behaving
in patterned ways that defy explanation. And who should know better than aviation personnel and aerospace engineers that the flying objects they see are not any known aircraft?
Far from being credulous simpletons primed to see "angels" and
finding their sightings supportive of their preconceived beliefs or
wishful thinking, witnesses typically have been shocked, frightened,
or confused by their UFO experiences. This point is so important in
the intellectual debate about the meaning of UFO sightings that it deserves extra emphasis. Many of the best and most inexplicable reports
have come from highly intelligent, sophisticated observers. These observers have expressed over and over how shocked they were by their
sightings, not how wonderful the experiences were.
TABLE 1. TECHNICALLY TRAINED AND EXPERIENCED OBSERVERS
Date & Location Name & Field Description
july 27, 1964 L. Duabert, engineer Aluminum sphere with
Norwich, NY supervisor luminous ring hovered
four to five minutes'
October 11, 1964 David Hanson, Dome-shaped object
Brockton, MA engineer following jets, shot
straight up out of sight
(see case summary
below)
December 19, 1964 Dr. Anthony W. Three oval objects in
Bethesda, MD Schrecker, research high-speed flight'
chemist
january 5, 1965 Dempsey Bruton, Glowing round object
Wallops Island, VA NASA aerospace moved rapidly from
engineer horizon to nearly overhead'
january 11, 1965 Paul Dickey, commu- Twelve to fifteen white
Washington, DC nications system ovals in erratic flight,
engineers jet interceptors observed in pursuit (see section II)
january 27, 1965 John Nayadley, A. G. V-shaped object with
Hampton, VA Crimmins, NASA aero- blinking red lights,
space engineers zigzag flight, climbed
out of sight (see case
summary below)
july 2-3, 1965 Scientists and Lens-shaped disc,
Antarctica technicians zigzagging objects,
E-M effects (see case
summary below)
july 19, 1965 Denis Crowe, technical Domed disc with legs,
Vaucluse, N.S.W., aviation artist resting on beach (see
Australia case summary below)
August 4, 1965 Meteorologist Object made 90-degree
Rochester, MN turn at high speed'
August 10, 1965 Francis C. Jennings, Two silvery discs hovSeattle, WA aerospace engineer ered, shot up out of
sight, one after the
other (see case summary below)
August 21, 1965 Aerospace technician Greenish disc that rnaCape Kennedy, FL neuvered around contrail of Titan launch
vehicle
September 14, 1965 Paul Green, engineer Domed disc with blue
Langenhoe, Essex, UK light descended,
motorbike engine
failed; paralysis (see
case summary below)
September 25, 1965 Chemist Two round white obRodeo, NM jects paced car at low
altitude'
September 27, 1965 Research chemist Silvery cigar-shaped
Columbus, OH object (see case summary below)
January 18, 1966 Robert E. Schomburg, Rotating round object
New Britain, CT metallurgist with row of red blinking lights
March 8, 1966 Ray Davis, ex-Marine Domed disc hovered,
Chesterton, IN Corps aircraft tilted, sped away
mechanic
March 20, 1966 K. C. Smith, USAFR, Bright light pulsating
Mims, Fl Cape Kennedy, NASA white to blue, erratic
ascent; accelerated and
sped away'"
March 27, 1966 FAA control tower Radar-visual sighting of
Columbus, GA operators maneuvering object"
Date &: Location Name &: Field Description
April30, 1966 C. H. Carr, pilot- Three round objects
Pasadena, CA chemist changing position in
formation"
July 26, 1966 Six FAA personnel Radar-visual sighting of
Atlanta, GA oval UFOs; one accelerated rapidly (see section VII)
August 25, 1966 Former naval aviator Disc with dome made
Malibu, CA complex high-speed
maneuvers13
August 27, 1966 Production engineer Saturn-shaped disc11
Cicero, IL
October 26, 1966 Mr. Ralston, FAA White object apCold Bay AF Station, control tower operator proached runway at
AK low altitude; when
runway lights were
turned on, object
climbed away at high
speed"
November 12, 1966 Former Navy radar Domed disc with portFort Ontario, NY operator holes hovered, shot up
out of sight'
February 12, 1967 Carl Nichols, airport Domed object with
Wharton, TX manager body lights buzzed car,
hovered, banked and
took off (see case summary below)
February 24, 1967 Robert King, airline Radar-visual sighting of
Atlantic City, NJ mechanic glowing orange object
that streaked down,
turned south, tracked
for two minutes"
July 4, 1967 Lawrence Bennett, Bright orange ellipse
Durban, South Africa former Air Force hovered, moved erratimissile tracker cally, flashed brightly'"
July 8, 1967 Capt. ] . Rasmussen, Saturn-shaped object
North Sea crew, MN Lifjord hovered off English
coast, moved into
distance"
August 6, 1967 Control tower Ten yellow-red-orange
Mexico City, Mexico operators objects changed formation, passed over airport10
September 23, 1967 Bryce M .Hand, Large silvery cigar, secAmherst, MA geology professor ond similar object on
parallel course (see
case summary below)
October 2, 1967 Philip E. Burkhardt, Disc with windows,
Melville, NY aviation engineer blinking lights, emitted
light beam; responded
to flash of car headlights (see case summary below)
November 15, 1967 Weather observer Blue-green sphere
Fort Simpson, North made sharp turns; disTerritory, Australia appeared behind
clouds"
February 13, 1968 Robert Union, former Glowing white ellipse
Missoula, MT FAA air traffic paced car, crossed road
controller back and forth, made
sharp turns (see case
summary below)
February 24, 1968 Karl E. Will, chemical Oval UFO with finlike
Westhill, PA engineer rear projection; red
body lights dimmed as
airplane flew past"
January 17, 1969 Roman K. Lupton, Cigar-shaped object,
Crittenden, VA NASA wind tunnel circle of lights on
employee underside, humming
sound; moved with
bobbing motion"
154
Date &: Location
june 19, 1969
Docking!Bircham
Newton, UK
April15, 1975
San jose, CA
October 13, 1978
Tucuman, Argentina
October 30, 1978
Santiago, Chile
November 19, 1978
Kuwait
November 12, 1978
Rome, Italy
March 22, 1980
Burlington, VT
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Name &: Field
Robin Peck, TV-radio
engineer
Ed Handley, science
teacher
Pilots and air traffic
controllers
Pilots and air traffic
controllers
Oil company
technicians
Control tower
operators, Air Force
personnel
Donald Kernan,
Richard Morris, FAA
air traffic controllers
Description
E-M effects on vehicle,
round object hovered
nearby (see case summary below)
Domed disc approached, hovered,
light beam; departed
straight up (see case
summary below)
Luminous object approached, hovered near
end of runway; moved
north, then south,
making sharp turns"
Round shiny objects
hovered; one sped
away, circled, descended"
Disc with dome landed
in oil field, E-M effects
on pumping station
and communications
(see case summary
below)
Three orange spheres
flew toward airport,
one crossed path of
runway (see section
VIII, 1978 Sighting
Wave)
Radar tracked object at
1,500 mph; objects
joined larger object,
separated again (see
section VII)

Date & Location
April 20, 1980
San Mateo, CA
April 12, 1981
Goodhue, MN
August 30, 1981
El Cajon, CA
September 24, 1989
Voronezh, Russia
October 10, 1990
Skibo, MN
Name & Field
Richard A. Jokinen,
electrical engineer
R. E. Schenk, civil
engineer, former
Navy pilot
Computer engineer
V. A. Kugatov,
geodesic engineer
Police and air traffic
controllers
155
Description
Five silvery Saturnshaped objects, highspeed flight at low altitude, visible against
local terrain (see case
summary below)
Small shiny disc hovered low next to road,
climbed away at high
speed (see case summary below)
Luminous object illuminated car interior,
circled car; witness
fired pistol at object
and fled the scene (see
case summary below)
Airship-like (elliptical)
object flew rapidly
eastward, reversed
direction'
Radar-visual sightings
of UFOs that alternately hovered and
darted around (see
case summary below)
Domed Disc Follows jets, Departs Straight Up
On October ll, 1964, in Brockton, MA, David Hanson, engineer, was
with Vincent Flaherty, an accountant, and a third friend. About 4:00
P.M. they heard two sonic booms, looked up and saw two jet fighters
leaving contrails. Behind them was a whitish, dome-shaped object.
When it caught up with the jets, the object descended slowly over the
city and leveled off onto a horizontal path. Finally, it accelerated
straight up and out of sight in seconds. 27
156
NASA Engineers Report HighPerformance, V-Shaped UFO
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
On january 27, 1965, Major john Nayadley, a retired Air Force pilot
and now a NASA research engineer, sighted a fast-moving object at
Hampton, VA. At first he thought it was a typical shooting star (meteor) because of its speed, but when it came closer and persisted, he
saw that it was a V-shaped object with blinking red-orange lights on
the outer edges, zigzagging at a low level. The sighting was fully confirmed by another NASA engineer, A. G. Crimmins, Jr., who filed areport with NICAP. Crimmins also saw the object maneuvering close to
the ground, but he interpreted the shape differently.
"It was zigzagging as if searching for a landing spot," Crimmins
said in his report to NICAP. "I watched it through 20 x 50 binoculars
and I could see the flashing lights. They appeared to be on the edge or
rim of a rapidly rotating disc." After a brief touch-landing, the flying
disc took off and climbed rapidly out of sight. The Air Force rushed
out the explanation that the so-called UFO was a helicopter, but when
an investigator from Langley AFB questioned Crimmins, who had already checked that possibility, Crimmins pointed out that "no helicopters were flying at that time. "28
Scientific Stations in Antarctica
Record Maneuvering Objects
july is mid-winter in Antarctica, and the region is cut off from the rest
of the world. While the summer 1965 UFO wave was in progress in
the United States, South America, and Australia, scientific observers
at Antarctic research stations manned by personnel of three nations
observed brightly colored objects maneuvering in the sky. Scientific
instruments detected a disturbance coincident with one of the sightings. Before this, there had been three sightings of puzzling phenomena in june. Then the july sightings triggered international news reports (see section Vlll, 1965 Sighting Wave).
july 2, 1965. English Base "B," Deception Island. 7:15 P.M. Clear
sky. Five meteorological observers saw a green and red light, occasionally turning yellow, to the north. The object zigzagged, hovered,
and at times accelerated, remaining 20 to 45 degrees above the horizon, Duration: 15-20 minutes.
july 3, 1965: Argentine base, Laurie Island. 5:03 P.M. Two meteorologists observed for 15 seconds a round, bluish-white object mov-
ing east to west "on a parabolic path." Two variometers (magnetic
field measuring instruments) "registered sudden and strong disturbances of the magnetic field .... "
July 3, 1965: Chilean base, Deception Island. 7:20 P.M. Clear and
starry night, waning moon. Nine meteorological observers watched
for 20 minutes a maneuvering yellow-red object, occasionally changing to green, yellow, and orange. The object traveled at high speed
with an oscillating motion, hovering at one point, leaving a steam-like
trail in its wake. It moved from about 40 degrees above the horizon in
the north to 45 degrees above the horizon in the southwest, where it
disappeared in the clouds.
july 3, 1965: Argentine base, Deception Island. 7:42P.M. Shortly after the sightings at the Chilean base, 17 people (including 3 visiting
Chilean personnel) observed a lens-shaped disc that maneuvered erratically across the sky for about an hour. The object changed colors
(red, yellow, green, orange, blue, white) as it zigzagged from a position about 30 degrees above the horizon in the north-northwest. During the sighting the object hovered, accelerated, reversed direction,
and changed in luminosity. At times it went behind some clouds, but
it was also seen in front of some cirrus clouds. Finally, it disappeared
to the northwest, decreasing in size and gaining altitude.
Argentine Navy Statement
On Tuesday, July 6, 1965, the Argentine Navy released the following
statement to news media about the sightings:
The Navy garrison in the Argentinean Antarctica, Decepci6n Island,
observed on july 3 at 19:40 hours local time, a giant, lens-shaped flying object, solid in appearance, mostly red and green in color, changing occasionally with yellow, blue, white and orange shades. The object
was moving on a zig-zag trajectory toward the east but several times it
changed its course to the west and north with varied speeds and without sound. It passed at an elevation of forty-five degrees above the horizon at a distance estimated to be about 10 to 15 kilometers from the
base.
During the maneuvers performed by the object, the witnesses were
able to register its changes in velocity and also the fact that it hovered
motionless. The meteorological conditions for the area of the sighting
can be considered as very good for this time of the year: clear sky, some
strata-cumulus, moon in the last quarter and perfect visibility. The object was witnessed by the meteorologist together with 10 members of
the garrison. The observation lasted for 15-20 minutes and photographs of the object were taken.
In the afternoon of the same day the same object was sighted from
the Argentinean base on the South Orkney Islands, moving away toward the northwest (330 azimuth), about 30 degrees above the horizon, estimated distance 10-15 kilometers.
In a radio bulletin broadcast on Wednesday, July 7, 1965, Lt. Daniel
Perisse confirmed the sightings:
[The garrison) observed an extremely brilliant object, moving toward
the north with variable speed, sometimes hovering, displaying sudden
accelerations and changes of direction. The characteristics of the object
and its motion were such that the possibility of a weather balloon, a
plane or a star were ruled out .... The sighting took place during the
night hours, in total darkness attenuated only by some moonlight. The
attempt to photograph the objects was doomed to failure considering
the low sensitivity of the film used, the distance, and the prevailing
darkness. 29
Dogs Bark at Domed Disc on Beach
At 5:30P.M. onJuly 19, 1965, Denis Crowe, a technical aviation artist,
saw a glowing light on the beach in Vaucluse, N.S.W, Australia. When
he approached to investigate, he saw a silvery-gray domed disc about
30 feet (9 meters) in diameter with its legs resting on the beach. A
blue-green glow was visible on the lower rim only.
When Crowe got within 50-60 feet (16 meters) of the object, it
took off with a sound of rushing air, emitting a yellow-orange glow
from its underside, and climbed rapidly into the clouds.
Dogs barked loudly while the object was stationary on the beach,
but became silent after it took off. A geologist analyzed physical traces
at the landing site, concluding that an unusual object had caused
them. Vegetation was severely damaged and dying. 30
Silvery Discs Hover, Depart Upward
On August 10, 1965, Francis C. Jennings, a Boeing aerospace engineer, and his wife were reclining in lawn chairs in their backyard on
9th Avenue West, Seattle, WA. About 8:00 P.M. Mrs. Jennings called
july 19, 1965: Vaucluse, N.S. W, Australia
Disc on beach took off as witness approached, left physical traces.
her husband's attention to two silvery disclike objects hovering in the
sky to the north. jennings noted that they were silvery and reflecting
sunlight. The sun was low on the western horizon. Scattered clouds
were visible, but the objects were in a clear area of the sky.
For several minutes the objects were motionless. Then the uppermost one departed rapidly upward and out of sight in a northeasterly
direction. After a few minutes the second object also sped away,
climbing out of sight to the northeast. They had been visible for about
six minutes.
The jenningses could not pinpoint the exact time of the sighting.
About two to three miles to the southeast an independent witness reported a partially confirming sighting. At about 9:20 P.M. Mrs. june
Webb noticed a reddish object near the horizon over the west Seattle
area. She felt that the color was due to reflected city lights. As she
watched, the object began to rise, disappeared into a low cloud bank,
then "reappeared going quite rapidly towards the north, traveling in
an arc." The object appeared distinctly disc-shaped and seemed to be
revolving. Finally, it disappeared in a cloud bank in the vicinity of
Seattle where the jenningses lived. 31
Motorbike Halted by Domed Disc,
E-M, Physiological Effects
In langenhoe, Essex, UK, Paul Green, 29, an engineer, was driving
home on his motorbike about 1:00 A.M. on September 14, 1965. Over
the sound of his motorbike engine he heard a high-pitched hum
changing to a louder high-pitched buzz as a blue-lighted flying object
approached. The motorbike engine coughed and spluttered, finally
quitting, and its lights went out. The object was seen to be a domed
disc, blue light emanating from a flashing light in the dome.
As the object descended it tilted, revealing an underside rimmed by
round objects around a dark central aperture. Green was paralyzed
and could not move or speak. The flashing blue light became intense
and painful to look at. His body tingled as if with an electric shock,
the buzzing diminished, and the object descended in an area of several houses in Wick. A motor scooter appeared, its engine coughed
and stopped, and the young driver stood staring at the blue light.
Green felt his chest constrict. Finally, he was able to push his bike
along, and the engine restarted. He immediately fled. The next day his
hair and clothing crackled like static electricity.'2
Scientist Observes Wingless Cigar in Flight
At 5:15 P.M. on September 27, 1965, near Columbus, OH, a research
chemist (name and affiliation on file) saw an aluminum-colored,
cigar-shaped object pass across the northern sky in front of his car.
The object moved from east to west, banking once slightly. "It puzzled
me," he said, "because I saw no wings or tails and heard no noise." After sighting the object, the scientist stopped his car and opened his
side window to observe it. The object banked slightly to the southwest, and still no wings or appendages were visible.
Continuing his drive home, he watched the object disappear behind the local horizon after being visible for 30-40 seconds. Newspaper reports mentioned sightings of a cigar-shaped UFO that night
in Westerville, OH (a northern Columbus suburb). 33
Domed Object Buzzes Car, Hovers at Treetop Height
During the evening of February 12, 1967, Kenneth R. Miller, airport
manager Carl Nichols, and many others in Wharton, TX, saw a round
object with a dome on top. The object had revolving red, green, blue,
and amber lights at its bottom edge and a bright light in its dome. The
object flew over the car in which Miller and Nichols were riding, just
clearing the telephone lines. Its size appeared to be large enough to
cover the roadway. Later the object coasted at treetop height, stopped
dead, then banked and took off. Numerous sightings were reported
during the evening. 34
Scientist Observes Flying Cigars
Bryce M. Hand, professor of geology at Amherst College, MA, was
driving north on Route 4 7 between Amherst and Sunderland on September 23, 1967. At 1:37 P.M. he noticed a silvery, elongated object in
the sky ahead. He first thought it was an airplane leaving a contrail,
but its size (about 10 seconds of arc) was too large, suggesting it was
close. Still he heard no sound. Suddenly he noticed a second similar
object below and to the left of the first, and both were moving northnorthwest on straight, parallel courses. He stopped the car to watch
closely, but didn't see any wings or tailplanes. The objects passed out
of view in about 10 seconds. 3'
UFO Responds to Light Signals
On October 2, 1967, in Melville, NY, Philip E. Burkhardt, a Grumman
Aircraft Company engineer, reported a white disc with "windows,"
and lights blinking in sequence at about 7:30P.M. A beam of light from
the disc was illuminating the ground. The object hovered for about 20
seconds, then moved away. Burkhardt got in his car to follow, and
blinked his headlights at the object. The lights on the UFO blinked
out in sequence, then came back on. 36
Ellipse Follows Car, Makes Sharp Turns
At 4:00A.M. on February 13, 1968, Robert Union, a former FAA air
traffic controller, and his wife watched a glowing white elliptical object that followed their car at an altitude of 2,000 to 5,000 feet (600
to 1,500 meters) near Missoula, MT. The object moved back and forth
across the road, made sharp turns and unusual maneuvers, and finally
disappeared abruptly. 37
Blue-Orange Disc Hovers, E-M Effects on Van
While driving his Ford Thames van on june 19, 1969, near Docking,
UK, at 12:25 A.M. Robin Peck, 28, a radio and television engineer, noticed that his headlights had started to flicker. Then both the headlights and motor failed. He got out to look under the hood, felt "static
electricity," and his hair stood on end. Peck looked up and saw a
bluish, inverted-mushroom-shaped object hovering at about 100-150
feet (30-45 meters) over the trees on a nearby farm. The object had an
orange glow around it. He felt very heavy static electricity in the air.
"It was like standing under a very powerful radar transmitter,"
Peck said. "There was something there, but I can't understand what it
was. It was a terrifying experience." After about a minute the object
took off and disappeared rapidly. The van's electrical system then
functioned normally. During the sighting Peck's luminous wristwatch
glowed intensely, but it appeared normal after the sighting. 38
Disc with Light Beam Hovers,
Shoots Straight up Into Sky
Ed Handley, 37, a science teacher, was washing his car in his driveway
on April15, 1975, in San jose, CA, at 9:23P.M. when his attention was
attracted to a light moving slowly across the darkening southwest sky.
Suddenly the object made a right-angle turn and headed toward him,
emitting a light beam. It moved very slowly, taking about 10 minutes
to reach him, then stopped and hovered about 100 feet (30 meters)
overhead.
April15, 1975: San jose, CA
Disc approached and hovered overhead, emitting light beam.
Handley's mother and five members of a neighboring family also
saw the object. It was disc-shaped, about 90 feet (27 meters) in diameter, with a cabin-like structure on top. A white beam of light was
pointing outward into the dark sky, moving up and down in a small
arc. Around the edges of the craft an orange glow was visible. Something that looked like red sparks were dropping off the underside and
disappearing after falling about 6 feet (1.8 meters).
After hovering for about five minutes, the object began to oscillate
or wobble, then shot straight up into the sky, diminishing to a tiny
point of light and disappearing in a matter of seconds.39
Disc with Dome Lands in Kuwait Oil Field, E-M Effects
Kuwait Oil Company employees reported a series of UFO sightings
from November 9 to November 21, 1978, including alleged photographs in some cases. On November 9, at Gathering Centre No. 24, a
disclike object with a dome on top was seen on the ground by technicians, coinciding with the failure of the oil pumping station and interruption of communications. The Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research conducted an investigation, but could not explain the
sightings. o
HAL.L.
November 9, 1978: Kuwait
UFO landed in oil field, pumping equipment shut down.
164
,ISS :':AI!ii.\P.l.T A
~U"<UT '~fH~CLAHIFlFD
KUWAIT r~4~6 29~82~Z
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
~! HSJFJF:::l
; I 1 ' ~]Ci N<:}.-n
FO OCT-.11
~0~-;62
'ISC-II'o
IUR-1:? ISCI-00 Oi.S-09 NASA-Ci'2 NH-02 DOI-15 CIA!-~~ P~-e5 P-P? IN~lP. L-0~ NSAi-00 ?A-~2 SF-02 fS-15 'IAF~l /095 W ------------------1~2,79 29e;30z 111
29ae.PE'-Z JAil 79 ~~~M~ASSY YU~'IT
~~CST,TE ~ASnDC 23~4
FO AH":UfH AP11 Dfi.UI
SM!!HSY DOFA 2M"'A~SY LON!lON
!MPMSY M.;.NAMA ~M!Al:iSY 11:JSCAT
:DFF \~ASiiDC
:INCIUR
! Cl. -~ASJ~DC
:LAS Km:AIT ~49~
~CIUR AL~O FOR ~OLAr.
), 122''5!:): 141A
IF: MPOL, P!NS, MASS. SOPN, !GEN, KD
FJICT: "UFO" ~I.:'lP.i,lNG~ CAUH HC11'HTY CONCF!!~' IN KU''AIT ~ ~r~IES Of UFO SJfteTINGS ON NOV!~IR 9 CAU~~D THI
' TO A?PO!NT A'l IN~lSTIGATORY COMMITTEE OF EXPFPTS YPOM  KUWJIT l'IS~IT~TF ~OP SCIINTIFIC RFStARCH (KJFR\, - CO~MITTII'S R!PORT WFICH ~AS R!LIASFD JANUARY 20 DffCRl]FD ;~1 SJ1HTJNGS FRO~ NOVJM!I~ TO DIC!~FI~ 14. A NUMFFF OF , FARLY SJ3FTl,3S TOOK PLACE NEAR A KnWAIT OIL COMPANY rFFFI~} CI~TER NCFTF OF KU~AIT CITY .
'I"OlY!'lED soE Of OUP MOST LEVFL-!"tAD!D .U\'AITI FRIEt!DS, ~ MAY ~AV! ~EE~ WFAT PtKSVA,ED TRE ~0~ TO M4KF A SERIOUS ''~F':ICATlO" OF TF.I !"'A'l"l'IP. A SENIOR IWWAIT OIL C011PAIII!'
\iC I OlFJ C I AI. TOLD II~- THI T~F '"uro" loiF.I CH FIRS"' PEA~!D OYi~ THE ~OETHfP.N OIL FIELDS SEEMJI\Ir.LY DID
nANGl TF.I~GE TO ~OC'S AtTO~A~IC PUMPI~~ E~UIPMENT.
If fQtTI?"'I~'l' IS DISIGNFJ'I TO SPUT I'IHLF !lOWt:
;1 !F.!R I~ SOME ''!LURE WPICF ~AY S~FIOUSLT DAMAGE
! P!TROLIUM GATFF~lNG 'ND T~ANSMI~SI~N SYSTIM A~D
CA'l O'ILY "''F'RF.f.'l'~RT!'l MA~JrALLY. A'!' TF.E TIME OF THE
FO'F" ~PP!!PANC! TFE PPMPIN~.F!SIEM ~f'~'JMATICALLT
UT lTSiLF DO~N AND ~~!N Trr UFO VANJFEID ~~~
ST!M STARTFr ITS~LF rP A~Al~. !FIS TVF~T ~A~ NOT DFE~SED ~y THE KIS?. COMMITTFE P.FPORT, ~Vt~ TFO~! VPn ~R! NOT I~CLINift TO IILI!VE IN OOL. ~SIFIE:>
Excerpt from State Department teletype message on 1978 Kuwait sightings.
Formation of Saturn-Shaped Objects
Richard A. Jokinen, an electrical engineer and marketing manager,
was driving north on 1-280 in San Mateo, CA, on April 20, 1980. He
was on a fishing trip with his 18-year-old son. At 5:30 A.M. they saw
five bright, apparently metallic Saturn-shaped objects flying very fast
in formation at low altitude. The objects traveled about 500 feet (ISO
meters) above the Crystal Springs Reservoir and were visible against
trees of the coastal mountains immediately west of the reservoir. The
sighting lasted about 5 seconds, during which the objects crossed 120
degrees of viewing angle.' 1
Small Disc Hovers, Accelerates Upward
On the afternoon of April 12, 1981, in Goodhue, MN, civil engineer
R. E. Schenk, 56, and his wife were driving south on Highway 58. At
about 1:30 P.M. they saw a small (estimated 2-foot or 60-cm diameter),
aluminum-colored disc shaped like two saucers, one inverted on top
of the other. The object was hovering a few feet off the road about 40
feet (12 meters) away, sunlight reflecting off its surface.
Puzzled by what he had seen, Schenk, a former Navy pilot, turned
and drove back to investigate. He and his wife then saw the object at
an estimated 2,000 to 4,000 ft. (600 to 1,200 meters) altitude climbing rapidly through the sky, headed northwest in the direction of Minneapolis. They watched it disappear high in the sky. The weather was
clear, and visibility was unlimited. It was a bright, sunny day."
HI\LL
April 12, 1981: Goodhue, MN
Edge-on view of small silvery disc sighted by civil engineer.
Frightened Motorist Fires Pistol at UFO
On the evening of August 30, 1981, a computer engineer (name on
file) was driving through El Cajon, CA. At about 10:35 P.M. he saw an
unidentified object directly ahead. As he drove closer, his car interior
became brightly illuminated. The car stopped, and the witness was
badly frightened. He became confused and he could not account for a
period of time. He felt that he had been out of the car, but had no concrete memory of what had happened. As he drove away a light circled
the car. Still frightened, he fired six pistol shots out of the car window
at the object and fled at high speed. Later he found red dots like puncture marks on his wrists.H
Note: The "missing time" episode and the puncture marks are classic elements of an abduction experience (see section Xlll), which often have begun with "highway encounters" in which a vehicle has
been illuminated.
Radar-Visual Sightings of Sharply Maneuvering UFOs
October 10, 1990: Skibo, MN. About 9:00P.M. Police and citizens reported formations of white objects with red and green body lights, alternately hovering and darting around southeast of Hoyt Lakes. Their
altitude was estimated to be about 10,000 feet (3 km). FAA Air Traffic Control (ATC) personnel at Duluth Airport had a series of ambiguous radar returns at 10:15 P.M., and confirmed radar echoes from
the Hoyt Lakes area. Two separate radars tracked several targets intermittently over the next hour.
One air traffic controller at Duluth continuously monitored a
roughly circular formation of three to five objects, one of which repeatedly darted away, reversed direction, and returned to the formation. An Air National Guard facility also called the Duluth tower to
express puzzlement over unexplained targets appearing on their radar
screen. During this period the Duluth ATC facility contacted an airliner flying at 11,000 feet (3 km) 40-50 miles (70 km) west of Hoyt
Lakes. The pilot spotted two distinct glowing red lights below his altitude and a few miles apart. The night was clear with excellent visibility.4"

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

l. See also Hall, The UFO Evidence (1964), 2-4,44-47,49-59. The UFO Evidence
included 64 reports by scientists and other technically trained witnesses.
2. Air Force unidentified case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
3. Report in NICAP files.
4. Report in NICAP files.
5. Rochester (NY) Post-Bulletin, August 4, 1965.
6. U.EO. Investigator (August-September 1965): 6; Orlando (FL) Sentinel, September 21, 1965.
7. Air Force unexplained case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives; see
also Young (1967), 106-11.
8. U.F.O. Investigator January-February 1966): 3.
9. Report in NJCAP files.
10. Air Force unexplained case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
11. U.EO. Investigator (March-April1966): 8; Columbus (OH) Ledger, March 28,
1966.
12. Report in NICAP files.
13. Report in NICAP files
14. Report in NICAP files.
15. Air Force unexplained case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
16. Report in NICAP files.
17. Associated Press in various newspapers, February 28, 1967.
18. Report in NJCAP files.
19. Report in NJCAP files.
20. Report in NICAP files.
21. Report in NICAP files.
22. U.EO. Investigator (May-June 1968): 3.
23. Air Force unexplained case; witness report in NICAP files; Newport News
(VA) Daily Press, january 18, 1969.
24. La Razon, Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 14, 1978.
25. Huneeus (1987), 198-99.
26. Vallee (1992), 46.
27. Subcommittee report in NICAP files. Investigator: Raymond Fowler.
28. Report in NICAP files.
29. Capt. Daniel A. Perisse, "Deception Island UFO Sightings," in MUFON 1987
International UFO Symposium Proceedings (Mutual UFO Network: Seguin, TX,
1987), 142-54. Transcriptions of official communiques were published in the july
1965 edition of Revista Nacional de Aeronautica (National Aeronautics Magazine) in
Argentina.
30. U.EO. Investigator (August-September 1965): 6; Frola (1990), 57-58;
Chalker (1996), 111.
31. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
32. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1965): 3-4.
33. Report in NICAP files.
34. Houston (TX) Chronicle, February 15, 1967.
35. Letter to Raymond E. Fowler, Subcommittee Chairman, in NICAP files.
36. Report in NICAP files.
37. Report in NICAP files.
38. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement Five Oune 1971): 1-2; Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 8, Investigator: Peter johnson; Norfolk, UK, Eastern
Evening News, june 19, 1969.
39. Report in MUFON files. Investigators: Slava Mach and Ross Redeker.
40. See "UFOs in Arab Nations," MUFON UFO journal Oanuary-February
1979): 5; Kuwait Times, November 16, 18, 1978; Arab Times, November 23, 25,
1978.
41. Report in MUFON files. Investigator: Thomas M. Gates.
42. MUFON UFO journal (October 1981): 7. Report in MUFON files. Investigator: Forrest R. Lundberg. Small discs on the order of one to four feet in diameter
have been reported periodically over the years. For other examples see section IX.
43. Report in MUFON files.
44. MUFON UFO Journal (February 1991): 11. MUFON Case Log #901206. Investigators: Bill McNeff and Richard Bauerlein.

=======================================================================
SECTION V. Police Officers

State and local police officers are on the firing line almost daily in
that they receive citizen "complaints" about almost anything, including reports of weird things in the sky that puzzle or frighten the
observers. Since about 1969 there have been no established national
reporting protocols for UFO sightings, and no generally recognized
and accepted repository. As a result police (and local news media)
tend to be the recipients of such reports, even though police departments typically are ill-prepared to handle them.
News media may mention the sightings on the airwaves or in print,
if at all, as transient phenomena that provide light relief from the
usual daily fare of death and destruction.
Police, like aviation personnel, have the advantage of being closely
tied into a communications network that allows them to alert colleagues in different locations to events in progress. These colleagues
may be able to witness the event from a different perspective and either find an explanation for it or confirm its anomalous nature. The
communications network also allows an immediate check with other
authorities (such as airport officials or scientists) to determine what
unusual activity may be going on that could account for the report.
Police, obviously, also are trained to observe events, question witnesses, make notes, and file reports in a systematic manner. For all
these reasons, their UFO sightings tend to be far above average in interest.
Several of the "classic" UFO reports on record from the early years
have been made by police officers. One of them was reported by Officers Charles A. Carson and Stanley Scott of the California Highway
Patrol near Red Bluff, CA, on August 13, 1960. The object they saw
was silvery, self-luminous, elliptical, with red lights on each extremity. It repeatedly cast a red beam of light that swept the area and "performed aerial feats that were actually unbelievable .... The object was
Red r Red
ligllt ... ...  li~ ~
!
IS"~ ;.
August 13 1960: Red Bluff, CA
State police observed highly maneuverable UFO that swept area with red
light beam.
capable of moving in any direction. Up and down. Back and forth ....
It moved at high (extremely) speeds and several times we watched it
change directions or reverse itself while moving at unbelievable
speeds." 1
TABLE 1. UFO SIGHTINGS BY POLICE OFFICERS
Date & Location
April24, 1964
Socorro, NM
june 8, 1964
Burlington, WY
January 12, 1965
Lynden, WA
Names
Lonnie Zamora,
Socorro P.O.
Sheriff L. C. Brinkerhoff, Big Hom County
Don Flickinger, U.S.
Border Patrol
Description
Elliptical object with
legs on ground, two
small beings; strong
trace evidence (see
case summary below)
Blue-green object hovered over badlands
area, reacted to spotlight by beaming light
into patrol car'
Bright round object
buzzed car, hovered,
accelerated away with
sound of rushing air'

Date &: location Names Description
july 8, 1965 Lt. john E. Haag, Brilliant object hovSunnyvale, CA Ronnie Girard, Sunny- ered, moved back and
vale P.D. forth, sped away, reversed course, climbed
at steep angle'
September 3, 1965 Eugene Bertrand, Glowing red ellipse at
Exeter, NH David Hunt, Exeter low altitude, pulsating
P.D. body lights, animal reactions (see case summary below)
September 3, 1965 Chief Deputy B. E. Structured object
Damon, TX McCoy, Deputy Robert buzzed patrol car, illuGoode, Brazoria minated terrain (see
County section I)
September 16, 1965 Constables john Encountered domed
Pretoria, South Africa Lockem, Koos de Klerk disc on highway; object lifted off; flame
from underside damaged and scorched road
(see case summary
below)
October 5, 1965 Deputy sheriffs Yellow-white object
Coldwater, MI hovered and moved
around, departed upward at high speed'
February 11, 1966 Robert E. Barnes, Glowing orange UFO
Skowhegan, ME Everett La Porte, with dome hovered,
Skowhegan P.D. sped away; tracked on
radar at Dow AFB,
Bangor, and FAA in
Augusta
March 14, 1966 Deputy sheriffs Buford Disc swung back and
Dexter, MI Bush roe, john Foster, forth, moved up and
Washtenaw County down, made turns (see
case summary below)
172
Date & location
March 17, 1966
Milan, Ml
March 20, 1966
Dexter, Ml
March 20, 1966
Exeter, NH
April17, 1966
Ravenna, OH
june 24, 1966
Richmond, VA
August 19, 1966
Donnybrook, ND
September 22, 1966
Deadwood, SD
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Names
Deputy sheriffs Nuel
Schneider, D. Fitzpatrick, Washtenaw
County
Deputy sheriffs Stanley
McFadden, David Fitzpatrick, Washtenaw
County
E. F. Bertrand,
Richard H. Page,
Exeter P.D.
Deputy sheriffs Dale
Spaur, Wilbur Neff,
Portage County
William l. Stevens,
Richmond P.D.
D. Flickinger, U.S.
Border Patrol
Several officers
Description
Top-shaped objects,
sharp turns and maneuvers, moved up and
down (see case summary below)
Domed, oval object
with "quilted" surface
landed in field; took off
and buzzed Dexter patrol car (see case summary below)
Ellipse with flashing
lights stopped, rocked
back and forth (see
case summary below)
Chased glowing disc
that beamed light onto
road, cat-and-mouse
pursuit; shot straight
up out of sight (see
section I)
Ellipse with body
lights hovered, sped
away, cat-and-mouse
pursuit (see case summary below)
Domed disc hovered
over reservoir, descended, rose rapidly
into clouds'
Round white object,
color changes, satellite
objects (see case summary below)

Date &: Location Names Description
March 8, 1967 Durl Rouse, Goodland Elongated object with
Goodland, KS P.D. flashing body lights,
light beams at each
end, sound like vacuum cleaner"
March 8-9, 1967 Deputy Sheriff Frank Dome-shaped object
Henderson and Courson, Knox with spinning rim, pulGalesburg, IL County, other officers sating red light, passed
low overhead; hissing
sound, brilliant light
beam to ground
May 11, 1967 Local police Two objects like inWareham, MA verted dishes, rotating
lights on rim, moved
up and down, descended into cranberry bog;
took off at high speed
when officers shone
spotlights on it'"
july 4, 1967 jim Overton, Corning, Oval object with light
Corning, CA P.D.; Frank Rakes, beams, accelerated,
Orland P.D. sped away in seconds"
October 27, 1967 Lt. Glen Brunsell, Brilliant object hovered
near Parshall, ND Parshall P.D. over missile site, shot
straight up (see case
summary below)
December 3, 1967 Sgt. Herbert Schirmer, Elliptical object with
Ashland, NE Ashland P.D. legs, portholes, on
ground, missing time;
abduction story
emerged under hypnosis (see section XIII)
November 27, 1968 joseph Trotier, Luminous UFO reBelcourt, ND Belcourt, P.D. sponded to spotlight
by blacking out (see
case summary below)
Date & location Names Description
March 10, 1969 Chief Lavern Janzen, Disc hovered over
Westhope, ND Westhope P.D. road, illuminated car,
shone light beam on
road (see case summary below)
August 13, 1970 Officer E. H. Maarup Car engine, lights, and
Haderslev, Denmark radio failed, eggshaped object over car;
took off at high speed
(see case summary
below)
August 19, 1972 Sgt. Paul Carter, Offi- Brightly luminous
Colby, KS cer Dennis Brown, bowl-shaped object
Colby P.D. hovered, illuminated
terrain, shot straight
up out of sight (see
case summary below)
September 8, 1973 Savannah P.O. officer Sent to investigate resiSavannah, GA dents' report, saw a
"large circular craft"
with spotlight and
smaller flashing lights"
September 9, 1973 Keith Broach, Auburn Airplane-size object
Auburn/Lanett, AL P.O.; Lanett P.D. officer changing colors; carsize object came
within 150 feet of the
ground"
October 4, 1973 Two state police Object with red body
Media, PA officers lights, light beam,
hovered~+
October 14, 1973 Pilot and copilot of Brilliant yellow-orange
Dover, DE police helicopter UFO descended rapidly, hovered; helicopter sent to investigate,
chased object into
Maryland"

Date &: Location Names Description
October 15-16, 1973 Deputies Jerry Brum- Puslating orange object
Pine, LA field, Ray Martin, Allen hovered, darted
Thomas, Washington around, swung back
Parish and forth (see case
summary below)
October 24, 1973 Sheriff Jim Taylor, Red-orange objects
Mount Airy, NC Surry County, others emitting sound, darted
back and forth16
July 9, 1974 James Wallace, R. Ellipse with rows of
Kingston, NY Ramsdell, Kingston lights approached poP.O. lice car; responded to
spotlight by beaming
light into car, then sped
away (see section I)
August 11, 1974 Mark E. Paine, Michael Domed ellipse apTilton and Concord, Alden, Tilton P.O. proached police car,
NH veered away; other police and citizen sightings"
February 17, 1975 Sheriff Richard Luminous round object
Harlowton, MT Egebakken, deputies, hovered near missile
Wheatland County base, bobbed up and
down, darted around
(see section I)
August 11. 1978 Officer David Murray, Dome-shaped object,
Roosevelt, UT tribal police green glow, flew overhead, hovered; E-M effects, animal reactions
(see case summary
below)
December 9, 1978 Police patrol Bright UFO with variReggio Calabria, Italy ous colored lights,
reacted to spotlight;
radio blackout (see
section Vlll, 1978
Sighting Wave)
176
Date &: Location
March 6, 1979
Westminster, SC
January 6, 1981
Payson, AZ
May 22, 1982
Cleveland, TX
November 27, 1982
Palatine, IL
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
November 29, 1989
Eupen, Belgium
March 19, 1992
Haines City, FL
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Names
Deputy Jimmy Roach,
Oconee County
Deputy Loyce Hamlin,
Gila County
Deputy Jon McDonald,
Liberty County
Commander Michael
McDonald
Dauphine County
officer
Two gendarmes
Luis Delgado,
Haines City P.D.
Description
Round luminous object
skimmed treetops, illuminated the terrain
(see section VI)
Four silvery discs
changing position in
diamond formation,
flashing in sunlight18
Diamond-shaped object with bright white
"headlights" flew low
overhead, clearly visible in spotlight; nature
sounds ceased during
sighting19
Car illuminated by
large UFO overhead,
chased by police,
turned, sped away;
minutes later domed
disc seen to east,
beamed light to
ground20
Blindingly bright oval
UFO over road, heat
felt; physiological
effects after sighting
(see case summary
below)
Patrol car illuminated
by beam from hovering
triangular object; UFO
alternately hovered and
moved (see section I)
Patrol car illuminated
by light from domed
object, officer badly
frightened (see case
summary below)
Police Officers
Elliptical Craft, Small Beings, Seen on
Ground by New Mexico Policeman; Leg
Imprints, Other Evidence, Found at Site
177
April 24, 1964: Socorro, NM. 5:45 P.M. While chasing a speeding car,
Officer Lonnie Zamora of the Socorro Police Department heard a roar
and saw flame in the sky to the southwest. He thought a dynamite
shack in that area must have blown up, so he abandoned the chase
and went to investigate. As he approached the area on poor, hilly, unpaved roads, he saw an elliptical object with supporting legs in a gully.
On its side was a red "insignia" or emblem. Standing near it were two
humanoid figures.
Zamora's first impression was that he was looking at an overturned
car, so he reported in to the dispatcher that he would be out of his car
"checking the car down in the arroyo." As he got out of his car he
heard two or three loud "thumps," like someone hammering or slamming a door. The beings were no longer visible. As the object took off
with a loud roar and blast of flames, Zamora-startled by the soundturned to run for cover, stumbled, and fell. Once it cleared the
ground, rising straight up, the craft became silent. It leveled off and
flew away horizontally, then on a slight upward angle, until it disappeared in the distance over the mountains, just clearing Six Mile
Canyon Mountain.
Zamora called the dispatcher to report the incident, and Sgt. M. S.
Chavez of the State Police was directed to the site as backup. As
Apri/24, 1964: Socorro, NM
Landmark UFO sighting by policeman.
178
Officer Lonnie Zamora (Photo: Mutual
UFO Network).
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Zamora waited for Chavez, he noticed that the underbrush was burning in several places. In his later report to Army investigators, Zamora
described what happened next: "Then Sergeant Chavez came up,
asked me what the trouble was, because I was sweating and he told
me I was white, very pale. I asked the sergeant to see what I saw, and
that was the burning brush. Then Sergeant Chavez and I went to the
spot, and Sergeant Chavez pointed out the tracks."
The Investigation
Socorro Deputy Sheriff] ames Luckie arrived a few minutes after Chavez,
and he also confirmed the imprints and the still-smoking foliage.
Zamora had not paid much attention to the "legs" on the object at
the time, but now they took on new significance. Clearly visible in the
sandy soil were four squarish imprints arranged in a trapezoidal pattern. Four burned areas were visible, three of them within the pattern
of imprints. Several small, shallow circular indentations also were
found; these are labeled "footprints" in the Air Force case file.
A patch of fused sand allegedly was found at the site and analyzed
by a Public Health Service scientist (see below), but this analysis is
missing from the official file. (In fact, official records contain no
meaningful analyses at all. The Air Force case file contains only one
qualitative soil sample analysis dated May 19, 1964 that identifies
"major elements" but gives no percentages.)
The first official investigators on the scene (other than Sgt. Chavez),
on April 25, were Army Capt. RichardT. Holder, Up-Range Cornman-
der of White Sands Proving Grounds, along with FBI agent D. Arthur
Byrnes, Jr., from the Albuquerque office. Maj. William Connor from
Kirtland AFB and Sgt. David Moody, who was in the area
on temporary duty, investigated for Air Force Project Blue Book on
April 26. Dr.]. Allen Hynek personally conducted a follow-up investigation on August 15, 1964, finding strongly favorable character references for Zamora. Following is an excerpt from Capt. Holder's report:
Present when we arrived were Officer Zamora, Officer Melvin Katzlaff,
[and) Bill Pyland, all of the Socorro Police Department, who assisted in
making the measurements. When we had completed examination of the
area, Mr. Byrnes, Officer Zamora, and I returned to the State Police Office [at) Socorro, then completed these reports. Upon arrival at the office location in the Socorro County Building, we were informed by Nep
Lopez, Sheriff's Office radio operator, that approximately three
reports had been called in by telephone of a blue flame of light in the
area ... the dispatcher indicated that the times were roughly similar ....
Major Connor's report included the following notes based on his
interview with Zamora:
Noise was a roar, not a blast. Not like a jet. Changed from high frequency to low frequency and then stopped. Roar lasted possibly 10
seconds-was going towards it at that time on the rough gravel
road .... At same time as roar, saw flame. Flame was under the object.
Object was starting to go straight up-slowly up .... Flame was light
blue and at bottom was sort of orange color .... Thought, from roar, it
might blow up ....
When the noise stopped, Zamora looked back, covering his face
with his arms. "I looked up, and saw the object going away from me,
in a southwest direction. When the roar stopped, heard a sharp tone
whine from high tone to low tone .... The whine lasted maybe a second. Then there was complete silence .... It appeared to go in straight
line and at same [constant] height-possibly 10 to 15 feet from
ground, and it cleared the dynamite shack by about three feet. ... Object was traveling very fast. It seemed to rise up, and take off immediately across country."
High-level military command interest in the report is indicated in
an April27, 1964, memo from Capt. Hector Quintanilla, chief of Project Blue Book, to Col. Eric de Jonckheere at the Air Force Foreign
Technology Division:
At 0330, 26 April, Col. Cole from the Air Force Command Post called
to see if any follow up action had been taken. At 0430 26 April, Col.
Harris from the Emergency Action Group, JCS Uoint Chiefs of Staff]
Communications Center called and wanted additional details, especially names. At 0530 26 April, Col. Perkins from the Air Force Command Post called and suggested we get in touch with Capt. Holden
[sic] from White Sands, at 0728 26 April, I placed a call to the OD at
Kirkland [sic] and asked him to locate Sgt. Moody for me.
Later Events
In 1968, Dr. james E. McDonald, an atmospheric physicist at the University of Arizona, stated that he had belatedly learned of an alleged
patch of "fused sand" at the Socorro landing site: "A woman who
is now a radiological chemist with the Public Health Service in Las
Vegas was involved in some special analyses of materials collected at
the Socorro site, and when she was there, the morning after [April25,
1964], she claims that there was a patch of melted and resolidified
sand right under the landing area. I have talked to her both by telephone and in person here in Tucson recently."
The woman had done analyses on the plant fluids exuded from the
scorched greasewood and mesquite plants, and told McDonald,
"There were a few organic materials they couldn't identify," but most
of the sample was just sap. According to McDonald, "Shortly after she
finished her work, Air Force personnel came and took all her notes
and materials and told her she wasn't to talk about it any more."
The Air Force Socorro file contains the names and addresses of two
additional witnesses, Paul Kies and Larry Kratzer of Dubuque, lA, that
were submitted to Dr. Hynek on May 29, 1968. However, no one interviewed these two men until May 1978. Ralph C. DeGraw, an Iowa
investigator, reported the results of his interview in the September
1978 issue of his publication, The UFO Examiner. They were driving
at a point about 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Socorro at about
6:00 P.M. that day when they noticed something shiny and a cloud of
smoke near the ground in the vicinity of the town. Later, while driving through the Texas panhandle, they heard a newscast about
Zamora's sighting, and the significance of what they had seen became
apparent.
Kratzer said he watched as "a round, saucer or egg-shaped object
ascended vertically from the black smoke .... After climbing vertically
out of the smoke, the object leveled off and moved in a southwest direction." He said the object was silvery and had a row of apparent
Front page of Socorro newspaper.
portholes across the side and a "red Z" marking toward one end. At
the time he thought it might have been an experimental vertical-lift
aircraft. Kies saw only a shiny spot and the smoke.
After making a strong effort to locate some experimental craft that
might explain the sighting, the Air Force labeled it as "unexplained."
Two years later, writing in a classified Central Intelligence Agency
publication, Studies in Intelligence, Hector Quintanilla, Air Force Chief
of Project Blue Book at the time of the sighting, confided to intelligence specialists that the Socorro case remained "puzzling." With the
help of many other agencies, he had conducted an exhaustive check of
military activities looking for an explanation, but none could be found.
"There is no doubt," he reported, "that Lonnie Zamora saw an object which left quite an impression on him. There is also no question
about Zamora's reliability. He is a serious police officer, a pillar of his
church, and a man well versed in recognizing airborne vehicles in his
area. He is puzzled by what he saw, and frankly, so are we. This is the
best-documented case on record, and still we have been unable, in
spite of thorough investigation, to find the vehicle or other stimulus
that scared Zamora to the point of panic. "21
New Hampshire Police Confirm
Citizen Reports of Elliptical UFO
September 3, 1965: Exeter, NH. 1:30 A.M. While hitchhiking home in
the early hours of September 3, teenager Norman Muscarello wasterrorized by a large object with four or five bright red lights that approached from nearby woods and hovered over a field near the road.
He went to the Exeter police station, pale and shaken, and reported
the incident. Officer Eugene Bertrand drove him back to the field to
investigate.
About an hour earlier Bertrand had come across a woman parked
on Route 101. "She was real upset," he said, "and told me that a red
glowing object had chased her." When he was called to investigate
Muscarello's report, the earlier incident caused him to pay attention.
At first Bertrand and Muscarello saw nothing, but when Bertrand
flashed a light around the field, a huge dark object with red flashing
lights rose up over the trees, moving back and forth, tilted, and came
toward them. The lights, on a dark elliptical object, pulsated in a regular sequence from left to right and then from right to left. He also
heard horses in a nearby barn neighing and kicking in their stalls, and
neighborhood dogs were howling.
Officer David Hunt was already on the way to the site as backup
when he received an urgent call from Bertrand. "By the time I got
there," Hunt told investigator Raymond Fowler, "the object was moving off to the tree line, performing fantastic maneuvers (see also the
1960 Red Bluff, CA, case reported above). It made right-angle turns
and sort of floated down like a falling leaf. Then it took off toward
Hampton and chased another guy in a car!" 22
South African Constables Encounter Domed Disc
on Road; Fiery Takeoff Severely Damages Road
September 16, 1965: Pretoria, South Africa. Two constables, John
Lockem and Koos de Klerk, patrolling just after midnight came upon a
round, gleaming object on the road illuminated by their car's headlights.
It was disc-shaped and about 30 feet (9 meters) in diameter, with a
dome on top. After about 10 seconds it lifted off emitting tongues of
flames from its underside. The tar and gravel road was badly damaged,
partly caved in as if from a heavy weight where the object had been.
District Commandant of Pretoria North Lt. Col. J. B. Brits admitted
the government's serious concern. In an interview with the news-
_: ~!.
.. . ; _ _::;::; ~:<.-~: ~r  ..
September 16, 1965: Pretoria, South Africa
Constables encountered disc on highway, road surface damaged on takeoff.
paper, Die Vaterland, he said the event was considered "as being of a
highly secret nature and an inquiry is being conducted in top circles."23
Michigan Sheriffs Watch High-Performance
Discs, "Swamp Gas" Plagues Air Force
March 14, 1966: Dexter, MI, 3:50A.M. Flurry of sightings for two and
a half hours. Sheriffs reported disc-shaped objects moving at fantastic
speeds and making sharp turns, diving and climbing, hovering. Four
UFOs in straight-line formation observed at one point. Selfridge AFB
confirmed tracking UFOs over Lake Erie at 4:56 A.M. Following is the
log of "Complaint No. 00967" signed by Cpl. Broderick and Deputy
Patterson of the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department:
3:50A.M. Received calls from Deputies Bushroe and Foster, car 19, stating that they saw some suspicious objects in the sky, disc, star-like colors, red and green, moving very fast, making sharp turns, having left to
right movements, going in a Northwest direction.
4:04 A.M. Livingston County [sheriff's department) called and stated
that they also saw the objects, and were sending ~ar to the location.
4:05 A.M. Ypsilanti Police Dept. also called stated that the object was
seen at the location of US-12 and l-94 [intersection of a U.S. and an
interstate highway I.
4:10. A.M. Monroe County [sheriffs department) called and stated that
they also saw the objects.
4:20A.M. Car 19 stated that they just saw four more in the same location moving at a high rate of speed.
4.:30 A.M. Colonel Miller [county civil defense director I was called; he
stated just to keep an eye on the objects that he did not know what to
do, and also check with Willow Run Airport.
4:54A.M. Car 19 called and stated that two more were spotted coming
from the Southeast, over Monroe County. Also that they were side by side.
4:56 A.M. Monroe County [sheriff's department) stated that they just
spotted the object, and also that they are having calls from citizens.
Called Selfridge Air Base and they stated that they also had some objects [presumably on radar) over Lake Erie and were unable to get any
lD from the objects. The Air Base called Detroit Operations and were to
call this Dept. back as to the disposition.
5:30A.M. Dep. Patterson and I [Cpl. Broderick]looked out of the office
and saw a bright light that appeared to be over the Ypsilanti area. It
looked like a star but was moving from North to East.
6:15A.M. As of this time we have had no confirmation from the Air Base.
Appended to the report is a statement from Washtenaw County
deputies B. Bushroe and ]. Foster: "This is the strangest thing that
[we I have ever witnessed. We would have not believed this story if we
hadn't seen it with our own eyes. These objects could move at fantastic speeds, and make very sharp turns, dive and climb, and hover with
great maneuverability. We have no idea what these objects were, or
where they could have come from. At 4:20 A.M. there were four of
these objects flying in a line formation, in a north westerly direction,
at 5:30 these objects went out of view, and were not seen again."
Deputy Bushroe told the press: "It would swing back and forth like
a pendulum, then shoot upward at tremendous speed, hover and then
come down just as fast." Dexter police and Livingston County sheriffs, contacted by Bushroe and Foster, "reported that they saw the
same objects engaging in the same maneuvers."
March 17, 1966: Milan, MI, 4:25 A.M. Sgt. Nuel Schneider and
Deputy David Fitzpatrick saw top-shaped objects making sharp maneuvers. They alternately hovered, rose and fell quickly, darted
around at jetlike speed, their light dimming and brightening periodically. In a report to NICAP, the officers stated that two objects were
operating together, circling and flying in formation, while a third object hovered at a lower altitude.
March 20, 1966: Dexter, MI. About 8:30 P.M. Frank Mannor and
family, and dozens of other witnesses, reported that a domed oval object with "quilted" or "waffled" surface and lights in the center and on
each end had landed in a swampy field. Deputies David Fitzpatrick
and Stanley McFadden parked car #34 adjacent to the area and began
a search with Frank Mannor.
"While in the woods area," their report states, "a brilliant light was
observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon [our I approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance .... The brilliant light [then) again
appeared, and then disappeared. A continued search of the area was
conducted, through swamp and high grass, with negative results.
Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were
informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the
area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and then [it) departed
in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed."
.
'
'Quilted' surface
March 20, 1966: Dexter, Ml
Dozens saw domed disc on ground.
As he and other officers were rushing to the scene, Officer Robert
Hartwell of the Dexter Police Department saw a luminous object buzz
his car. Robert Taylor, Dexter police chief, said he watched an object
in the field from Frank Mannor's home on a knoll overlooking the
area. It appeared as a pulsating red, glowing object. Through binoculars he saw "a light on each end of the thing."
There were additional sightings on March 21 at Hillsdale College,
with Civil Defense Director William Van Horn as one of dozens of witnesses, and March 24 in Ypsilanti, MI.H
Elliptical UFO with Flashing Lights
Baffies New Hampshire Police
March 20-21, 1966: Exeter, NH. 10:00 P.M.-2:40A.M. Sgt. Richard H.
Page, Officer Eugene E Bertrand, and other policemen saw an eggshaped object with flashing body lights. The object hovered over
power lines, rocking back and forth in a pendulum motion. Lights
around its center pulsated red-white-blue-green-red. Through binoculars a white domelike area was visible on top. As more witnesses
gathered, the object repeated the pattern of moving, stopping, bobbing around, swinging back and forth like a pendulum, then moving
on. The object finally ascended into the eastern sky, hovered briefly,
then moved out over the ocean and disappeared. 2'
Police Officers
Richmond Officer Chases Elliptical
UFO, Cat and Mouse Pursuit
187
June 24, 1966: Richmond, VA. About 3:30 A.M. Officer William L.
Stevens, Jr., of the city police department was patrolling the northeastern section of the city in Car 62S, going north on Meadow Bridge
Road near the city limits. About four blocks ahead was the Atlantic
Rural Exposition Grounds, site of the annual state fair. Looking in
that direction, Stevens noticed some odd greenish-yellow lights in the
air. To make sure he was not seeing reflections, he leaned out the window and confirmed the sighting. Stevens then radioed the dispatcher
and proceeded across the city line to investigate.
Above the Richmond-Henrico Turnpike he saw a large dirigiblelike object hovering, with a row of alternating green and yellow lights
around its perimeter. Surrounding the object was a mist or vapor. The
object seemed to be about 100-125 feet {30-37 meters) long and
30-40 feet (9-12 meters) high, but no structural details were visible,
only a sharp outline against the dark sky. The UFO filled a large part
of his windshield, appearing as wide as the steering wheel. Turning on
his emergency flasher lights, Officer Stevens accelerated toward the
object.
The object reacted immediately, turning laterally about 90 degrees
(and showing a circular outline to him) and moving swiftly above the
turnpike away from him. Stevens continued to speed up in an effort
to catch the object, but it maintained its distance. "The object seemed
to be playing tag with me," Stevens later said. The chase continued
across Henrico County and into Hanover County, with Stevens pushing his speed to over 100 mph (160 kmlh). After 10-15 minutes, the
object suddenly accelerated and disappeared into the night in a matter of seconds. Officer Stevens had radioed for assistance during the
pursuit, but before other police cars could arrive the UFO was gone. 26
Luminous UFO, Satellite Objects,
Observed from Several Locations
September 22, 1966: Deadwood, SD. 3:00A.M. Police from different
vantage points observed a large, hovering, round, white object that
changed color to green, then red, and back to white again. The object
remained motionless for 15-20 minutes. When on two or three occasions a police spotlight was shone at it, the UFO would black out until the spotlight was turned off. First one, then another, smaller white
object streaked in toward the larger object from opposite directions
and stopped near it.
The larger object began moving right, down, left, and up (square
pattern), occasionally emitting blue shafts of light toward the ground.
After about 30 minutes the smaller objects shot off in the directions
from which they had come, disappearing in about 5 seconds. The
larger object remained in position for another 25 minutes, emitting
shafts of blue light, then moved quickly back and forth, finally speeding away to the southeast. 27
Object Hovers Near Missile Base,
Shoots Straight up into Sky
October 27, 1967: Parshall, ND. 3:00A.M. Mrs. Ruth Kilber was driving
home from work when she saw a large, round revolving object rise up
from the ground. Her car began steering hard, jerking as if its tires were
flat. Lt. Glen D. Brunsell of the Parshall police also observed the object:
"It was so bright that at times it hurt my eyes to look at it," Brunsell
said. It bounced up and down and changed color from blue to green to
white. The object stopped and hovered near a missile base, then "it suddenly shot straight up into the sky and was gone in about 3 seconds."
About 30 minutes later and 30 miles ( 48 km) to the east, near Max,
ND, Chris R. Helgesen, a milk truck driver, reported a round spinning
object that paced his truck. The object was red at first. After following the truck for about a half-mile (0.8 km), the object hovered over
a field, pacing the truck each time it moved and hovering when it
stopped. Finally it turned blue, picked up speed, turned green, and
shot away to the southeast, turning yellowish as it disappeared. The
observation lasted about an hour. 28
Luminous UFO Responds to Light Signal
November 27, 1968: Belcourt, ND. 7:00 P.M. Officer joseph Trotier of
the Belcourt police department, on patrol, saw a round, glowing object
that had purple lights arrayed around its underside. The UFO alternately hovered and moved around the sky. As it hovered at about 500
feet (150 meters) above the ground, the UFO emitted a red beam of
light down to the ground. Officer Trotier shone a spotlight at the object, which immediately blacked out and disappeared. After about five
minutes it reappeared, seen moving south with its lights back on. 29
Police Chief's Car Illuminated by UFO
March 10, 1969: Westhope, NO. 10:10 P.M. Lavern Janzen, Westhope
police chief, was driving to the west of town when the interior of his
car was suddenly illuminated by bright white light. Looking up he
saw a disc shaped like a WWI helmet pass overhead and stop about
700 feet (210 meters) ahead, about 100 feet (30 meters) above the
road. The object had a glowing blue-green dome and a bright white
body with a revolving red band.
The object wobbled back and forth while hovering. At one point it
emitted a 10-foot (3-meter) diameter beam of light onto the road.
Chiefjanzen got out of the car, but was afraid to approach any closer.
He smelled an odor like burned rubber. After about 15 minutes the
object ascended at about a 60-degree angle and flew out of sight to the
south. The night was clear and cold (27 degrees F), with drifting
snow. 30
Police Patrol Car Buzzed by Egg-Shaped Object,
Officer Blinded by Light as Engine and Lights Failed
August 13, 1970: Haderslev, Denmark. 10:50 P.M. While driving home
police officer E. H. Maarup found his car surrounded by bright bluishwhite light, and at the same time the car engine stopped. "The lights
March 10, 1969: Westhope, ND
Disc buzzed police chief's car, beamed light down onto road.
190
August 13, 1970: Haderslev, Denmark
Hovering craft with "solid light" beam.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
of the car also went out, even the dashboard lights," he said. "I drove
to the side of the road and stopped. The bright neon-like light outside
was so dazzling that I could see nothing." He groped for his radio, but
it didn't work either. The temperature inside the car increased, and he
compared it to "the heat you feel when you drive against the sun on
a summer day" (see also the March 4, 1969, Atlanta, MO, mail carrier
case, section 1). The light was cone-shaped, widening at the bottom to
a diameter of about 4-5 meters (13-16 feet).
After a while the cone of light was drawn upward, as if solid,
into an opening in the bottom of a grayish, egg-shaped craft: "It appeared like a big oval plate about 15 meters [50 feet) in length and
5 meters [ 17 feet) across," he said. It was only about 20 meters
[68 feet) away. Maarup took three photographs of the object and
three more of the illuminated terrain with a mounted camera on
his patrol car, then stepped outside. When the beam fully retracted,
the craft began moving and, in seconds, vanished vertically into the
air.
After the object moved away, the car lights came back on, and
Maarup was able to start it without difficulty. He radioed to his station
to report the experience. An image was captured on the film, which
was turned over to defense authorities next day for analysis. 31
Police Officers
Hovering UFO Illuminates Terrain,
Shoots Straight up out of Sight
191
August 19, 1972: Colby, KS. 2:00 A.M. A series of sightings was reported involving 50-60 witnesses, taking on the dimensions of a local
concentration (with some possible misidentifications of meteors and
strobe lights mixed in). The first call to police came at 2:00A.M. from
John L. Calkins. Awakened by barking dogs, he went to his front door
and saw three objects hovering nearby, making shrill, high-pitched
whistling sounds. The larger object had six flashing red and green
body lights. He also heard beeping sounds. The sightings continued
until about 6:20 A.M.
Sgt. Paul Carter, Colby police officer, while patrolling at 2:07 A.M.
saw an apparent craft with red and green flashing lights approach
from the northeast. He radioed Officer Dennis Brown and began to
follow the object southward. The object stopped and hovered 10-15
feet {3-5 meters) above a pasture about a quarter-mile (400 meters)
away. He estimated that it was 30-35 feet (9-10 meters) long and
18-20 feet (5-6 meters) tall.
Suddenly the object emitted intense, blinding white light ("too intense to look at") that illuminated the terrain, including jackrabbits
sitting in the field, as bright as daylight. The brilliant light tended to
conceal the shape of the object, but twice Carter could see that it was
"like a cereal bowl turned upside down." The object then made a
"whooshing noise similar to a vacuum cleaner" and shot straight up
into the sky and out of sight in about three seconds. Officer Brown,
approaching Carter's position, saw the glow of the object and saw it
rocket up into the sky.
After that the object was seen heading southeast toward Oakley.
Police there were alerted and observed the object through binoculars.
Earl Wood, Jr., of the Oakley police department said he and his partner, Duane Nelson, could see six body lights on the large object, and
that it was circular in shape. Three lights on the front were white, and
those on the back flashed from red to green.
Dr. W L. Johnson of Colby saw a UFO from his front yard at about
6:08A.M. It had orange-red flashing lights, and moved from the southwest to the south, hovered, moved straight north, turned toward his
house, and rapidly gained altitude. At this point it changed to bluegreen. Then it moved southwest, hovered for a few minutes, then
started climbing and disappeared at about 6:20 A.M.'2
192
Louisiana Sheriffs Chase
Glowing Red-Orange Objects
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
October 15-16, 1973: Pine, LA, north of New Orleans, near Bogalusa.
About 8:30 P.M. Washington Parish deputy sheriffs jerry Brumfield,
Ray Martin, and Allen Thomas had several sightings of a pulsating orange object that alternately dimmed as it hovered, swinging like a
pendulum, and brightened as it darted around at high speed, occasionally disappearing in a cloudlike vapor. Later, another group of
Washington Parish deputy sheriffs pursued five orange-red flying objects for 12 miles (20 kilometers). When a deputy turned on his red
flasher light, the objects came down toward his patrol car. When he
turned off the light they vanished "like in a cloud." The sightings continued until early the next morning. 33
Tribal Police Officer Confirms
Citizen Reports of UFO
August 11, 1978: Roosevelt, UT. About 10:30 P.M. Dale Wood, 13, a
junior high school student, heard a "purring" sound, looked up, and
saw a silver, dome-shaped object surrounded by a green glow. The object moved overhead and hovered, a pattern of body lights visible on
its underside along with an intense light in the center. When the object began to circle around, Dale ran to his grandmother;s house
nearby to tell his brother. There the air conditioners and television
sets quit operating, and the dogs were whining and crying. His
mother, Larain Wood, came outdoors in time to see the object circle
twice, then take off rapidly toward the northeast.
Mrs. Wood called the tribal police office in Fort Duchesne, and Officer David Murray was dispatched to investigate. He also saw the object, which finally took off at high speed and disappeared. Two other
witnesses were found later who had observed a very shiny domeshaped object.34
Officer Confronted by Brilliant
Object, Suffers Physiological Effects
December 4, 1988: Harrisburg, PA. 5:25A.M. A Dauphine County police officer noticed a bright light through the trees ahead of his car.
Rounding a bend he saw a large silvery oval object hovering over an
intersection about 125 feet (37 meters) away. The brilliant light forced
him to stop abruptly. It was too bright to look at directly (he compared it to burning magnesium). He felt warmth, perceived a tinglinglike electrical shock, and felt dizzy. His eyes began to water, his
eardrums vibrated, and his hair stood on end. A mist developed, and
the car interior was illuminated with a bluish haze.
When the officer stepped out for a better look, the object began
moving to the left, then to the right, at times rising and falling. While
it was in motion he heard a humming sound varying from moderate
to high-pitched. The object suddenly shot straight up a short distance
and stopped again. Finally, it departed toward the southwest emitting
a whitish trail with a silvery color.
After it left, the officer felt a burning sensation on his face, his neck
muscles felt sore, his spine ached, and he had blurred vision. His ears
later turned red and painful, and his hearing was impaired. The officer then saw another car parked along the road and questioned its
driver, who had also seen the object. A powdery dustlike material on
the patrol car was analyzed and found to consist of clay, sodium, carbon, salt, and potassium chloride. 35
UFO Chases, Illuminates
Police Car, Frightens Officer
March 19, 1992: Haines City, FL. 3:52A.M. City patrolman Luis Delgado, 28, was driving his police cruiser north on 30th Street when he
saw a green light in his rearview mirror approaching his car. He called
the dispatcher and reported that something was following him; then
his radio failed, and there was no response to the dispatcher's repeated
calls. Three other officers, hearing the transmissions, sped to the
scene, arriving about 3:55 A.M. Sgt. L Bartley, Delgado's supervisor, reported: "When I arrived I found Delgado sitting in his police vehicle
with the left door open and one foot on the ground and he could not
talk at this time. Delgado was shaking and crying. I got him out of his
vehicle. He was shaking so bad I had him get into his vehicle. I asked
him was he able to drive to the police station. He said yes and I followed him to the station."
Delgado had first thought the green light was a small plane about
to crash, until it came up on the right side of his cruiser the interior
of which was brightly illuminated, turning his dark blue uniform to a
purplish hue. As he decelerated from about 40 mph the light moved
to the front of the car over the roadway. He had to squint his eyes due
to the brilliance of the light.
What I saw was a domed object approximately 15 feet [4.5 meters]
wide and 3'h to 4 feet [1+ meter] thick at the center. I was still slowing
when the object moved back to my right side. It then pulled back in
front of me again, then back to the right side, then back in front of me
again. This time the object was so close that I braked and pulled off
onto the shoulder of the roadway and stopped .... As I sat there watching the object my motor, lights and radio ceased to function. It was
hovering about 20 feet [6 meters] away at 10 feet [3 meters] altitude. I
attempted to contact dispatch but my radio would not work. After a
few seconds a white light came from the top of the dome and lit up the
inside of my patrol unit.
Delgado got out of the car and started backing away, trying to call
the dispatcher on his Walkie-Talkie, which also did not work. Even
though the temperature was 60 degrees F, he noticed that his breath
was fogging like it does on a cold morning. Shortly afterward the object shot out of sight at treetop level toward the northeast, emitting an
air current that fluttered his clothing and that he felt on his face.
Delgado was examined by a police doctor and a psychologist, both
of whom gave him a clean bill of health. He was regarded as a serious
professional who had been frightened by seeing something he could
not explain. A check determined that there were no known aircraft in
the area at the time.36

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

1. Excerpts from statements by Officer Charles A. Carson, California Highway
Patrol, Hall (1964), 61-62.
2. Billings (MT) Gazette, june 10, 1964 (United Press International, Burlington,
WY).
3. Report in NICAP files ..
4. Subcommittee report in NICAP files. Investigator: Paul Cerny.
5. Report in NICAP files.
6. U.EO. Investigator Oanuary-February 1966): 1-2.
7. Report in NICAP files; Hynek (1977), plate following 152.
8. McDonald (1967); Wichita (KS) Eagle, March 9, 1967.
9. Air Force unexplained case; United Press International story in various newspapers.
10. Fowler (1974), 348.
11. McDonald (1968b), 74.
12. Tulsa (OK) Sunday World, September 9, 1973.
13. San Jose (CA) Mercury News (United Press International), September 10,
1973.
14. Wilmington (DE) Morning News, October 16, 1973.
15. Ibid.
16. Mount Airy (NC) Times, October 26, 1973.
17. Shylooh (September 1974): 13.
18. Payson (AZ) Roundup/Rim Country News, January 1981.
19. MUFON UFO Journal (April1983): 3.
20. International UFO Reporter (March-April1983).
21. a. Hector Quintanilla, Jr., "The Investigation of UFOs," Studies in Intelligence
(CIA), 10(4) (Fall1966), 95-110; see also his similar comments in a reminiscence
titled, "Project Blue Book's Last Years," in Evans and Stacy (1997), 109-18.
b. RichardT. Holder (Capt., U.S. Army) "UFO Report, 24 April1964"
c. Socorro El Defensor Chieftan, April 28, 1964.
d. Air Force case file, Project Blue Book files, National Archives. (Tabs A-G
in main file, with four back-up folders of clippings and correspondence.)
e. FBI memo, April28, 1964, from Special Agent in Charge, Albuquerque, to
Director, FBI.
f. FBI memo, May 8, 1964, from Special Agent in Charge, Albuquerque office, to Director, with report of same date titled, "Unidentified Flying Object, Socorro, New Mexico, April 24, 1964." The report notes that Zamora has been personally known for about five years and is "well regarded as a sober, industrious,
and conscientious officer and not given to fantasy." The report also confirms the
scorched foliage and the imprints, noting that "Each depression seemed to have
been made by an object going into the earth at an angle from a center line [and
each) pushed some earth to the far side."
g.]. Allen Hynek, "Socorro Revisited," n.d. Report of August 15-16, 1964, interviews in Socorro.
h. Letter from Dr. james E. McDonald to Richard Hall, September 5, 1968,
re: "fused sand" at Socorro site.
i. Richard Hall, "Socorro (New Mexico) Landing," in Story (1980), 341-44.
j. Hynek (1977), 223-29.
22. Fowler (1981), 34-43; Hynek (1977), 154-65; U.F.O. Investigator (AugustSeptember 1965): 1, 3.
23. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1965): 9-11; Keyhoe and Lore
(1969a), 23-24; U.F.O. Investigator (August-September 1965): 5.
24. Michigan sightings. March 14: U.F.O. Investigator (March-April1966): 5-6;
Detroit News, "7 Police Officers Spot Mystery Flying Objects," March 14, 1966.
March 17: U.F.O. Investigator (March-April 1966): 6; Sheriff's reports in NICAP
files. March 20-21: U.F.O.Investigator (March-April 1966): 5; Ann Arbor News,
March 20, 1966; Louisville Courier-journal, "UFOs Fly Again in Michigan," March
23, 1966; "A Well-Witnessed 'Invasion'-By Something," LIFE (April 1, 1966):
24-31; Newsweek (April4, 1966): 22-23.
25. Massachusetts Subcommittee report in NICAP files; Fowler (1974), 112-15.
26. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 9. Investigator: Robert Morse, consulting engineer, NICAP Adviser.
27. Sagan and Page (1972), xxii-xxiii.
28. Subcommittee reports in NICAP files; see also MUFON UFO journal (October 1987): 19. Dr. james E. McDonald interviewed both Kilber and Brunsell. The
latter reported that he had to shield his eyes from looking directly at the UFO,
which emitted a brilliant light like a welding torch. McDonald letter to R. H. Hall,
December 19, 1968.
29. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
30. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
31. Inforespace No. 22 (August 1975), Brussels, Belgium; Evans (1987), 72-75;
Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement One (October 1970), 7-8.
32. MUFON UFO journal, August 1987, 20. Additional details from Flying Saucer
Review (November-December 1972): 30-31. Investigator: David Weidl.
33. Bogalusa (LA) Daily News, October 16, 1973; Arkansas Gazette, October 17,
1973; Washington Star-News, October 16, 1973; Washington Post, October 17, 1973
(United Press International).
34. Salt Lake City Deseret News, Utah, September 4, 1978.
35. MUFON UFO journal (May 1989): 10-12, 23. Investigator: Stan Gordon.
36. Report in MUFON files. Investigator: Fearon L. Hicks, former Navy intelligence officer.

===============================================================================
SECTION VI. Professionals and Citizens

Abroad cross section of citizens from all walks of life has reported
UFO phenomena. Although some are better observers than others, their reports are essentially identical to the cases reported by experienced and technically trained observers in previous sections. The
disc-shaped, elliptical, and other main types of UFOs, performing exactly the same types of maneuvers, have been reported by such responsible persons as professors, lawyers, clergymen, architects, park
rangers, nurses, and doctors. Many such professionals are accustomed
to careful analysis and presentation of data.
All testimony from citizens must be given serious consideration
when we know that it is (a) from people of good reputation, (b) detailed enough to allow for cross-checking and independent confirmation of key details, and (c) consistent with and often identical to 50
years of accumulated data.
197
198 The UFO Evidence, Volume 11
TABLE 1. PROFESSIONALS & CITIZENS
Date &: Location Name &: Field Description
May 10, 1964 Maximo Dughetti, Van engine, lights
La Rioja, Argentina businessman failed, light beam from
domed disc; physical
traces on ground'
June 29, 1964 Beauford Parham, Top-shaped object,
Lavonia, GA businessman hissing sound, made
passes at car, darting
motions, physical and
physiological effects'
August 4, 1965 Don Tenopir, truck E-M effects on truck as
Abilene, KS driver disc swooped overhead, settled on road
(see case summary
below)
January 20, 1966 Lee Marshall Blinding light, object
Katanning, N.S.W., with lights hovered,
Australia moved up and down,
sound like bees, paralysis; lights brightened,
object sped away'
March 23, 1966 John T. King Encountered elliptical
Bangor, ME object on ground, fired
pistol at it; E-M effects
on car, object sped
away'
March 31, 1966 Jeno Udvardy, carpen- Brightly lighted disc
Vicksburg, MI ter, former airman blocked road, car buffeted (see case summary below)
April23, 1966 Ronald Johnson, Cigar-shaped object on
Yorktown, IA farmer ground, red light illuminated area; imprints
found at site'
Date &: Location Name &: Field Description
january 3, 1967 Professional secretary Mushroom-shaped obNew Richmond, IN ject hovered over car,
road brightly illuminated, forward motion
slowed (see <:ase summary below)
january 20, 1967 Kimberly Lodge Disc with red lights,
Methuen, MA E-M effects on car; object shot away, car then
functioned normally
February 21, 1967 Mrs. Frederick Wolf, Orange-yellow flatToledo, OH registered nurse tened sphere hovered
over road, pulsating,
light beam emitted
down; object paced car,
speedometer and wristwatch affected'
March 8, 1967 Mr. &: Mrs. William L. Glowing oval rocked
Leominster, MA Wallace back and forth; E-M effects, numbness; object
departed rapidly upward"
March 24, 1967 Ken Williams, truck Luminous domeBelt, MT driver shaped UFO landed in
ravine; as witness approach, object took off
and moved to a new
position farther off the
highway
April 5, 1967 john H. Demler, Disc buzzed car, E-M
jonestown!Lickdale, PA justice of the peace effects, humming
sound, car rocked (see
case summary below)
April17, 1967 Lewis Summers, Round UFO with portNew Haven, WV pharmacist holes, light beams; witness flashed headlights,
UFO flashed lights in
apparent response; animal (dogs) reactions'"
200
Date & Location
July 25, 1967
Garrison, ND
July 28, 1967
Gilroy, CA
August 4, 1967
La Guaira, Venezuela
November 5, 1967
Fordingbridge,
New Forest, UK
November 15, 1967
Yerecoin, Australia
January 20, 1968
Vermillion, SD
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Name & Field
LaVern Affeldt, farmer
Randy Higgins, fire
tower lookout
Dr. Hugo Yepez,
attorney
Karl Farlow, lorry
driver
Description
Glowing round or topshaped object hovered
near missile site, dog
and cattle reacted; object darted around (see
case summary below)
Blue-white oval approached, hovered near
tower, emitted light
beam to ground, interference on CB radio;
object finally sped
away"
Water violently disturbed fishing boat,
Saturn-shaped UFO
with bright ring, windows, emerged from
sea, hovered just above
surface; finally ascended and flew away"
Diesel lorry radio and
engine failed, green ellipse above road; rapid
departure, physical
traces"
Alan Pool, farm Dome-shaped object,
manager portholes, loud hum,
approached, hovered
near vehicle, departed
upward; related E-M
effects on TV"
Robert & Lynn Ballard Round orange-red object, "jumped" to new
position behind car,
followed it, illuminated
road"
Date &: Location Name&: Field Description
February 4, 1968 About 200 witnesses Dome-shaped disc with
Redlands, CA whining sound, hovered low, shot straight
up out of sight (see
case summary below)
May 29, 1968 John Duberstein, Bright circular object at
Mosinee, WI factory supervisor low altitude, dogs
barked furiously, E-M
effects; object climbed,
sped away
July 29, 1968 Norberta Notario, Dome-shaped object,
La Atalaya, Argentina journalist glow on underside,
crossed road, E-M effects on car; object
landed, several motorists stopped to
look"
November 20, 1968 Milin and Doris Brilliant object rose
Hanbury, UK Milakovic from field, passed over
car, hovered above
house; beings visible
inside dome'"
October 30, 1969 ]. F. Cudby, airport Circular object hovered
Waipukurau, New security guard over airport, guard dog
Zealand reacted; guard shone
spotlight on object; it
sped away with whining sound (see case
summary below)
October 29, 1970 Reidar Salvesen, Blinding light, disc
Helleland, Norway marketing consultant with dome over car;
windshield shattered,
physiological effects
(see case summary
below)
202
Date &: location
Aprill4, 1971
Callery, PA
May 24, 1971
Mendoza, Argentina
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
December 16, 1972
Garah, N.S.W.
Australia
February 14, 1974
Ely, NV
June 6, 1974
South Hampton, MA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Name &: Field
Dennis Donaldson,
Marion Lang
julio Suarez Marzal,
artist
E Tantot, many others
Greg Hardy, farm
worker
Two brothers,
businessmen
Mrs. Vivian Stevens,
children
Description
Bright yellow-white
disc crossed road, hovered; couple encountered craft with figures
in windows, fled in
fear (see case summary
below)
Saturn-shaped object
moved to and fro, descended with rocking
motion, darted from
point to point (see case
summary below)
Elongated object
landed, illuminated
area, motorists
watched it for hours;
light beams, satellite
objects, reaction to
flashlight (see case
summary below)
Small circular or spherical luminous object
approached tractor,
hovered, instantly relocated to new position
Round orange object
paced, approached
truck, loss of steering
control, vacuum sensation, truck lifted off
road (see case summary below)
Domed object with
multicolored lights,
bobbing motion, descended near road; witnesses fled in fear'"
Professionals and Citizens
Date & Location
February 26, 1975
Lake Sorell, Tasmania,
Australia
August 29, 1975
Muret, Haute-Garonne,
France
january 6, 1976
Bethel, MN
january 21, 1977
St. Bernard Parish, LA
February 18, 1977
Salto, Uruguay
March 9, 1977
Nelson, lancashire,
UK
Name & Field
Professional man
R. Cyrus, businessman,
former gendarme
janet Stewart
Name on file
Angel Maria Tonna,
rancher
Brian Grimshaw, jeff
Farmer, textile workers
203
Description
Glowing orange domed
disk, light beam swung
back and forth on lake,
illuminated terrain; object sped away (see
case summary below)
Blinding light, UFO
over hood of car, witness had memory
lapse, physiological effects (see case summary below)
Domed disc descended,
paced ahead of car,
brilliant luminosity,
physiological effects"
Glowing object, bright
illumination, abnormal
silence, motion of boat
impeded, light beam,
time loss (see case
summary below)
Disc hovered with
rocking motion,
moved, glowed bright
orange, illuminated
terrain; severe medical
effects (see case summary below)
Ellipse with red-orange
lights descended, E-M
effects, pressure felt,
physiological effects
(see case summary
below)
204
Date &: Location
November 29, 1977
Waimata Valley, Gisborne, New Zealand
September 23, 1978
Buenos Aires Province,
Argentina
March 6, 1979
Westminster, SC
May 2, 1980
San jose, CA
December 29, 1980
Huffman, TX
September 18, 1981
Conejo Valley, CA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Name &: Field
Hamish McLean
Carlos Acevedo,
businessman;
Angel Moya, mechanic
Ben Chastain, two
others
Park ranger
Betty Cash,
Vicki Landrum
Ten witnesses
Description
Hovering dome-shaped
object sped toward witness, stopped, emitted
blue beam that fluoresced tree; sheep fled
from object (see case
summary below)
Luminous UFO approached car from rear,
bright illumination, car
moved to new location
(see case summary
below)
Dome-shaped object
brightly illuminated
area, light beam, sharp
turns (see case summary below)
Shiny, reflective sphere
with body lights, rapid
up and down motions;
hovered, accelerated
and sped away (see
case summary below)
Diamond-shaped object, fiery exhaust; helicopters seen following
object, severe physiological effects (see case
summary below)
Triangular objects with
body lights seen by
motorists over freeway
and Conejo Valley area
(see case summary
below)
Professionals and Citizens
Date & Location
November 24, 1981
Marshall, TX
October 15, 1983
Altoona, PA
September 15, 1985
Bagshot Heath, Surrey,
UK
January 20, 1988
Mundrabilla, Western
Australia
October 20, 1989
Hunstville, AR
March 4, 1990
Wood End, MA
August 19, 1992
Tucson, AZ
Name & Field
Dale Spurlock, electric
power company
employee
Woman
David & Susan
McMurray
Knowles family
Debbie Underwood,
Joanne Wilson
G. Costa, ship captain;
C. Hatley, crew
member
Motorist
205
Description
Disc with dome
crossed road, hovered,
beamed lights onto
truck; electric systems
damaged (see case
summary below)
Silvery disc passed low
over car, wheels lifted
off road; physiological
effects (see case summary below)
Disc with portholes
paced car, illuminated
area, humming sound,
physiological effects22
Oval object buzzed car,
lifted it off road; physical traces (see case
summary below)
Huge red oval paced
truck, hovered overhead, photographs
taken (see section VII,
Photographs)
Round objects with
windows took off
straight up from vicinity of lighthouse"
Manta ray-shaped object, "falling leaf' descent, hovered, illuminated terrain; object
twice approached car
(see case summary
below)
Domed Disc Bunes Truck, Lands on Road
August 4, 1965: Abilene, KS. About 1:30 A.M. Don Tenopir, a truck
driver, was hauling a load of peanuts north to Lincoln, NE. His truck
lights suddenly began blinking on and off and then failed, as an
unidentified object swooped over the cab of his truck from south to
north and hovered just above the road about 100 feet (30 meters)
ahead. The engine in his GMC diesel did not fail.
Tenopir jammed on the brakes to avoid hitting the object. It was hatshaped, the "brim" about 2 feet (60 em) thick vertically and about 15
feet (4.5 meters) across, estimated from the road width. The "crown"
extended about 4-5 feet (l-1.5 meters) above, its sides sloping in a bit
toward the top. The color was orange, and it appeared to have square
windows around the top. "I was scared to death," Tenopir said.
He had noticed a car approaching from the other direction when
the object swooped overhead. In the moments of confusion, the car
somehow got past both the UFO and the truck, and pulled over on the
shoulder behind Tenopir. The driver got out of his car and walked toward Tenopir's truck, speaking to him as he approached. Tenopir
never got his name, because the object suddenly began emitting
bluish sparks from the bottom center, making a sound like "wind
blowing through trees," and took off. Both men panicked. The other
man ran back to his car, Tenopir put his truck in motion, and they
both fled. Tenopir reported the incident to Abilene police, but was
never interrogated by any military representatives."
August 4, 1965: Abilene, KS
Disc with windows buzzed truck, blocked highway.
Professionals and Citizens
Car Buffeted by Brightly
Lighted UFO Blocking Roadway
207
March 31, 1966: Vicksburg, MI. 2:00 A.M. jeno Udvardy, a 1956 Hungarian refugee and former flier in the Hungarian Air Force, now a carpenter, was driving home when he encountered a brightly lighted object ahead that he first thought was an ambulance at an accident
scene. As he cautiously drove closer, he saw that the object was hovering just off the surface and blocking the roadway, bobbing up and
down. A large blinding white light concealed details. The apparent
craft also had blinking red, green, and purple body lights.
Udvardy became frightened and tried to back away from the
strange object. At that moment his car was buffeted violently as the
object moved quickly from point to point. He then noticed that his
engine had stalled. He rolled down his window to look out and heard
a low hum like a swarm of bees. Moments later the object rose
abruptly, sped off at a steep angle, and disappeared to the east.
Udvardy sat in the car for many minutes regaining his composure
before he was able to drive home. He told the investigator that he had
experienced terrorism and violence in his native country and did not
scare easily, but the encounter with something unknown had badly
shaken him. 25
.lo'lllll: (fllrpUoh aolor, bl1Di<i .. )
r
... ,,, / ~ I ',
I '
/~ ' '
~ .&~~& , / : ""'' ~ \. ' ---r-- ' ~__,.- I
~'
~"'
Road
(16 ft. wide)
March 31, 1966: Vicksburg, Ml
Motorist frightened by UFO blocking road.
208
Dome-Shaped Object Buzzes
Car, Inertial Effects Noted
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
January 3, 1967: New Richmond, IN. 2:00A.M. A professional secretary reported that an inverted, mushroom-shaped object hovered directly over her car, a 1964 Comet, on or about this date for 10-15
minutes. The area ahead was brightly illuminated. The forward motion of the car was slowed; the driver was unable to accelerate, and
she felt a loss of steering control. Next day the radio was weak and full
of static, the speedometer was malfunctioning, and the battery was
not charged properly.
David Moyer and Fred Hooven of Ford Motor Company, consultants to the University of Colorado UFO Project (see section XV),
arranged for a thorough analysis of the car at the Dearborn, MI, Ford
plant as a test of widely reported electromagnetic effects of UFO sightings. All the problems were attributed to gradual wear and deterioration of the three-year-old car. No unusual magnetic signature was
found on the car. However, this was not a typical E-M effect case,
which involves failure of engine, lights, and radio often preceding and
normally during (not after) a close-range UFO sighting. The test results, therefore, are not especially significant.26
Car Rocked by UFO, E-M
and Physiologiocal Effects
April 5, 1967: Jonestown/Lickdale, PA. 7:45 P.M. John H. Demler, a
justice of the peace, was driving near his home when his engine began sputtering. "It then stopped and [the] lights went out," he told
NICAP. "At the same time I saw an object coming towards the car
about 20 feet [6 meters] above the street." The disclike object, about
30 feet (9 meters) in diameter, moved low over his car giving off
spark&. Demler rolled down his window and noticed a smell of sulfur
and heard a noise like an electric motor.
As the object passed the car it stopped, tilted, started moving
slowly, then put on such a terrific burst of speed that the car "seemed
to be pulled to it." The car was rocked as if by some force from the object. Demler said, "the car settled down so fast" that he was pulled all
the way across the front seat. The next day Demler had a bad case of
"nerves," and by his own report "was wet with perspiration [and the]
skin peeled off my hands and feet. "27

Close Encounter Witness Suffers Severe Injuries
On May 20, 1967, the wilds near Falcon lake, Manitoba, Canada,
played host to one of the most bizarre close encounters in UFO history.28 Even now, decades after the alleged encounter, the substance of
it is mind-boggling, and investigators continue to weigh the merits of
a case that, according to the Condon Report, " ... would show the existence of alien flying vehicles in our environment" if its many details
were true.
Stefan Michalak, 52, was an industrial mechanic and amateur
prospector who often spent weekends rock collecting. At 12: l3 P.M.
on May 20, while collecting quartz samples from an outcropping he
had discovered, he heard the sound of startled geese from a nearby
marshy area. looking up, he observed two red, glowing cigar-shaped
objects flying one above the other at a high rate of speed.
The objects were angling downward, seeming to assume oval
shapes as they neared the ground. Eventually, the upper object ceased
its movement and hovered, while the lower one landed on a flat expanse of rock some 50 yards ( 45 meters) distant, scattering lichen and
leaves in the process. Michalak observed the objects to have cupolas
or domes on top.
After a brief pause, the upper object shot off westward, disappearing behind clouds. The lower one remained on the ground, radiating
heat and changing from the dull red it had shown in flight to a stainless steel color. A golden hue seemed to surround it, while purplish
light emanated from slits in its body. Michalak outlined the appearance of the object on a sketch pad he carried with him, estimating its
May 20, 1967: Falcon Lake, Manitoba, Canada
UFO landed, man severely burned on close approach.
diameter at 35-40 feet (10-12 meters) and its thickness at about 10
feet (3 meters).
As he sat sketching and observing the object, a door opened in the
lower portion of its main body, and purple light spewed forth. There
was a high-pitched noise as if of some type of motor could be heard
as well as a slight rush of air. Curious, and thinking he heard voices
coming from within the UFO, Michalak wandered closer to the opening, but the voices remained just beyond the threshold of understanding. In Michalak's mind, the device was a secret American test
vehicle of some type forced down by mechanical difficulties, so he
called out a few banalities to the supposed military personnel within.
There was no response.
Conversant in several languages, Michalak then tried again in
Russian, German, French, Italian, and Ukrainian, but nothing elicited
an answer. Close enough now to the UFO to touch it, Michalak pulled
a filter down over the welding goggles he was wearing and poked his
head inside the opening. A confusing array of lights met his gaze:
Beams extended horizontally and diagonally in front of him; individuallights blinked randomly on what resembled a "computer panel."
The wall of the object itself was 18-20 inches ( 45-50 em) thick.
After glancing about, Michalak pulled his head back from the
opening, the motor-like sound stopped, and almost immediately the
door closed-three sections sliding shut so precisely that no seam
could be seen from the outside of the object. His gloved hand accidently contacted the side of the UFO, and the glove's rubber coating
melted and burned, sliding from the surface. In front of him, the UFO
rotated slightly, and a gridlike vent or opening he had noticed earlier
somewhat off to the side now faced him. Hot gas flared from the vent
onto Michalak's chest even as the UFO tilted, ascended, and vanished-seeming to assume a cigar shape again once airborne-and
Michalak fell backwards to the ground, his clothes on fire.
Quickly, he ripped off his burning shirt and undershirt and then
stomped out a small moss fire that had started. But his troubles didn't
stop there: Nausea set in, as did a severe headache, and Michalak
vomited. Unable to stay at the site any longer, Michalak slogged back
through the brush and along roads, ultimately arriving at the hotel
where he had spent the night. It had been a torturous journey-miles
in length-with Michalak sick most of the way; to add insult to injury,
a Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officer he had stopped had
spurned his request for help and driven off, claiming he had had
"other business to attend to."
Michalak spared little time at the hotel, knowing he needed med-
ical assistance, so he returned that evening to Winnipeg and his family. Within hours he had checked into a hospital.
But the long, strange aftermath of his UFO close encounter was
just beginning. As UFO researcher jerome Clark has noted: "Stefan
Michalak's alleged experience in the wilds of Falcon Lake is, from one
point of view, an object lesson in the dangers of too close an approach
to a UFO" (Clark, 1996). Indeed, the dangers of close approach
wasted little time in manifesting themselves. The hospital stay resolved nothing, and Michalak was released after a brief time.
Within a week following his experience, he claimed he had lost 22
pounds. His personal doctor later wrote that Michalak complained of
suffering "band-like headaches," anorexia, nausea, and a feeling that
he was blacking out. The doctor further described an array of reddish,
aligned oval lesions on Michalak's chest, which were apparently indicative of a first-degree burn. He periodically fainted and vomited.
Eventually, Michalak was tested for radiation at the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment in Manitoba, but the tests were negative:
everything apparently was in order.
Succeeding months saw Michalak return to something like good
health. Once his burns had healed, only a reticulate, gridlike pattern-like a checkerboard-remained on his chest, an ugly reminder
of the experience. Sometimes it would fade away; at other times it
would flare up with a vengeance, forcing him to seek medical attention. His local doctors were unable to provide him relief and, in 1968,
Michalak voluntarily checked himself into the Mayo Clinic in
Rochester, MN. There, too, physicians were unable to diagnose his
condition, and they simply cataloged the symptoms: periodic lesions
on the chest and legs, bitemporal headaches, blackout spells, dermal
problems, dim eyesight verging on blackness. A psychiatrist who examined him found no evidence of mental disorders.
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) adviser Dr. Horace C. Dudley-onetime chief of the Radioisotope Laboratory, U.S.
Naval Hospital-looked into the Michalak case shortly after it occurred and stated that, if the description of Michalak's health problems were correct, it painted " ... a classical picture of severe whole
body radiation with X or gamma rays. I would guess that Mr. Michalak received on the order of 100-200 roentgens. It is very fortunate
that this dose of radiation only lasted a very short time or he would
certainly have received a lethal dose" (Lorenzen and Lorenzen, 1968,
38-41.
Investigation of the alleged site of Michalak's encounter with the
UFO revealed a number of anomalous trace effects, several seeming to
confirm Michalak's account, but none proving that a UFO had hovered
there and burned a man. A group of researchers at the site on july 28,
196 7, reported finding a circular area devoid of moss and dirt on the
rock surface that apparently had been beneath the UFO; earlier, others had found a small, broken tree lying on its side atop the rock, its
leaves discolored in an odd manner.
A july 2, 1967, visit to the site discovered traces ofradioactivity on
the rock in question, although researchers were stumped about the
origin of the radiation. In May 1968, Michalak and a friend found two
pieces of metal wedged in a crack in the rock, but whether the samples were placed there deliberately by Michalak or some other party
or simply overlooked by all who visited the site previously has never
been determined with certainty.
The University of Colorado UFO study (see section XV) looked
into Michalak's encounter, only to conclude that it lacked convincing
evidence of "unconventional craft" (curiously, however, the case is
listed under the entry "Sightings: unexplained" in the index). Dr. Roy
Craig, lead project investigator for the case, wrote that Michalak
"seemed honest" and "was convincing" in his description of his experience; in Craig's opinion, however, too many inconsistencies cast
doubt on the reality of the case.
But there was one thing Dr. Craig couldn't explain following his
visit with Michalak: "I left Winnipeg still puzzled at how this gentleman had gotten burned" (R.P.S., see Acknowledgments).
UFO Hovers Near Minuteman Missile Site, Darts
To and Fro, Farm Animals Alert Witnesses
july 25, 1967: Garrison, ND. 10:30 P.M. Farmer LaVern Affeldt and his
family had their attention attracted by their farm animals to a UFO
hovering near a Minuteman missile site. Affeldt was outside in the
barnyard doing chores when he noticed that the cattle were nervous,
and the dog was whining and looking off toward the east. Glancing in
that direction he saw a glowing blue-white object hovering in the
vicinity of the Minuteman missile site, about a mile (1.6 km) away. He
called to his family, and they saw it too.
Shortly afterward the object began to move straight north from the
missile site, darting with rapid bursts of speed, then slowing to a stop
again. Each time it accelerated, its color changed to bright red, then
gradually back to blue-white as it slowed down and stopped. The object also moved up and down as well as horizontally, almost touching
the ground at times. Finally it moved away to the north. The NICAP
investigator reported: "As Affeldt put it, [the object] either shot out of
sight very fast, or blinked out as it just seemed to disappear."
All of the family members stated that what they saw could not have
been an aircraft of any kind. Affeldt said the object was perfectly
round with well-defined edges, and one of his children agreed. The
other children and Mrs. Betty Affeldt thought it was more of a "top"
shape. All agreed on the color change with motion, and all stated that
the object appeared to be revolving like the light on a police car. 29
Professors among Witnesses to UFO with
Portholes, Erratic Motions, Rapid Acceleration
February 4, 1968: Redlands, CA. 7:20 P.M. Barking dogs and a disturbing and unusual sound (described by one source as "a highpitched, modulated whining") attracted attention to a large round object moving slowly east-northeast at an altitude of about 300 feet (9
meters). More than a hundred witnesses observed the UFO, including
three University of Redlands professors. Glowing ports were visible
around the upper perimeter, and orange-red flames shot from its
underside.
If the altitude estimate was correct, the object was about 50 feet (15
meters) in diameter. The object moved "jerkily," once abruptly rising
several hundred feet. It hovered briefly, then accelerated away to the
northwest. 30
Hovering Disc Reacts to Spotlight
Shone by Airport Security Guard
October 30, 1969: Waipukurau, New Zealand. 3:10A.M.]. F. Cudby,
33, airport security guard, was checking buildings when lights reflected in a glass door attracted his attention. He turned and saw a 60-
foot (18-meter) in diameter circular object with lights hovering low
over the airport. His guard dog "became unusually excited." Cudby
ran to his van about 20 feet (6 meters) away and shone a spotlight on
the object. It sped away, making a high whining sound. He examined
the ground beneath where the object had hovered and found that it
was hot and dry.
An independent witness, S. T. Grant, who was driving through the
area, confirmed the sighting. According to an area newspaper, "Mr.
Grant's report placed the object in exactly the same area as that mentioned by Mr. Cudby. Neither was aware the other had reported it."
Grant said the object was circular, and hovering about 100 feet (30
meters) off the ground. Then it rose, and accelerated away southward.11
Motorist Blinded by Light, Shiny
Disc with Dome Hovers over Car
October 29, 1970: Helleland, Norway. About 4:40 P.M. Reidar Salvesen, 35, a marketing consultant, was driving home on Highway
E-18 from Stavanger to Vagsbygd, Kristiansand, in a Hillman Sunbeam. After passing a transformer station close to the road on the
right-hand side, he was suddenly blinded by a strong blue-white light
that hurt his eyes and was forced to stop. A ball of light about 20 meters (66 feet) in diameter came down the slope adjacent to the road
and hovered over the car.
Salvesen opened the car door, looked up, and saw a shiny disc with
dome about 10 meters (33 feet) overhead. He shut off the engine, got
out, and stood next to the car to watch. The object glided forward
about 7-8 meters (23-26 feet) and stopped again. Salvesen took out a
notebook and sketched the object. Around the rim was a shining "belt"
that glinted a steel-blue color. No doors or apertures were visible.
After about 50 seconds, though he felt no particular sensations,
Salvesen suddenly collapsed and fell on his back. At the same time he
heard the front windscreen of his car shatter. As he struggled back to
October 29, 1970: Helle/and, Norway
Disc that descended, hovered over car.
April14, 1971: Callery, PA
Craft paced car, hovered off highway.
his feet, the craft "lifted straight up into the air," disappearing in seconds. He had a scratch on his right hand that was bleeding.
Salvesen started the car, drove it across the road to a pull-off area,
and removed the broken pieces of the windscreen from the front seat.
He realized that he would have to hurry to reach Ualand before local
shops closed to replace the windscreen. En route he noticed numbness in his tongue and mouth. At 5:00 P.M. he stopped at a shop in
Ualand and purchased some plastic material to replace the windscreen, and he dried the blood from his hand.
Arriving home at 11:30 P.M., he told his wife what had happened.
His eyes bothered him for two or three days after the incident; they
were bloodshot and sensitive to light. He found a dull spot on the roof
of his car which he thought was caused by the object. His portable
alarm clock performed erratically. 32
Luminous Disc with Light Beam, Humanoids
Visible in Windows, Terrifies Couple
April 14, 1971: Callery, PA. 8:00P.M. Dennis Donaldson and Marion
Lang were driving through a rural area outside of Pittsburgh when
they noticed a bright yellow-white light paralleling the car, then crossing the road ahead. At first they thought it was some kind of aircraft.
Dennis slowed the car to watch and saw that the object was following
the contours of nearby hills "as if using some kind of radar technique." He pulled off on side roads to try to observe the craft more
closely.
Suddenly they encountered a white, luminous object about 25-30
feet (7-9 meters) in diameter, like two bowls placed rim to rim, hovering a few feet off the ground about 250 feet (75 meters) away. The
air smelled unnaturally sweet and clean. The lower portion of the
craft had three round portholes, and the upper portion, five rectangular windows. A mist was visible around it, illuminated by light from
the object.
At about 8:20 P.M. a shaft of white light was emitted from the top
and shone upward at an angle. Reddish flickering light was visible
from the upper and lower windows. When they saw the silhouettes of
two humanoid figures, apparently about 10 feet (3 meters) tall, in the
rectangular windows, they fled in fear. 33
"An Agility that is Inconceivable"
May 24, 1971: Mendoza, Argentina. 12:10 P.M. julio Suarez Marzal, a
world-renowned painter and a professor at National University of
Cuyo, observed a distant unidentified object to the south from the
window of his dentist's office. The dentist, Dr. Walter Griehl, went to
get binoculars and missed part of the sighting, but confirmed some of
the main features. The Saturn-shaped object turned and moved slowly
past from east to west, a pearly bluish-gray color, bright against the
deep blue sky. It floated down with a pendulum or falling leaf motion,
rocking back and forth and revolving slowly.
Suddenly the object descended toward the witness at "astonishing
speed" until it was at eye level and poured out a dense cloud "like
steam in turbulence" that surrounded it. The object next darted sideways and vanished, reappeared at a lower altitude, stopped, and
rocked back and forth slightly. At this point its color had changed to
dark orange. It appeared to be about 70 meters (230 feet) away.
Marzal noticed a bright point of light on the object, then saw that
it was a short cylinder extending outward, which he interpreted to be
a telescopic viewer of some kind. The object rapidly climbed away at
an angle to the northeast and out of sight, but reappeared a few seconds later even closer, rocking back and forth, moving left to right, up
and down. The "telescopic eye" appeared to be focusing on the parabolic microwave antennas of the nearby central post office.
At the closest point, Marzal carefully estimated the object's size:
6 meters (20 feet) in diameter, and 2 meters (6.5 feet) high in the center. Finally, it sped away to the south, leaving a trail of vapor.
Marzal said: "[It) moved about in various directions, with an
agility that is inconceivable, like a butterfly, at an unimaginable speed,
beyond our laws of gravitation. "3'
Numerous Witnesses Watch Landed UFO, Light
Beams, Satellite Objects in Prolonged "Light Show"
August 12, 1972: Taize, France. 2:00 A.M. About 30 witnesses, including E Tantot and Mlle. R. Faa de Masullas, while driving along
National Highway N. 481, saw a starlike object approach with a
whistling noise and apparently land on the sloping bank of a ridge in
hilly terrain. They observed the subsequent events from various perspectives. The object was positioned on or just above the ground, its
light illuminating an adjacent large cereal crop field. Based on landmarks its diameter was estimated to be about 30 meters (100 feet).
The object had seven yellow lights and, as if on an extension to the
left, two small orange lights. Five of the seven lights began to emit
white beams that gradually extended toward the ground, giving the
impression of being "solid light." Two hemispheres or cupolas were
visible on the extreme left above two of the light beams.
Tantot felt a tingling in his fingers for several minutes, as did another witness. Shortly after the landing and emergence of the beams,
red sparks appeared at the right end of the object, followed by three
August 12, 1972: Taize, France
Large craft with light beams, satellite objects, observed by many witnesses.
218 The UFO Evidence, Volume 11
small white discs. The discs had red points of light at each end. For
two and a half hours the discs moved all around the "parent" object,
remaining within about 30 meters (100 feet) of it at all times. The
light beams swept around the ground, illuminating small circles on
the terrain.
just after 3:00 A.M. one of the light beams began to grow brighter,
which coincided with a flickering of the red points of light on the
discs. Then a complicated series of phenomena followed, including
the appearance of a multitude of red particles in the air and changes
in the appearance and brightness of some of the lights and light
beams.
Tantot and three other witnesses had gone down into the field for
a closer look. They saw a haystack- or projectile-shaped dark object
and something like a hedge (barrier) a few meters ahead of them. A
small point of red light was flitting around the dark object. When they
shone a flashlight toward the object, the light beam was reflected vertically upward just before reaching the "hedge."
About 4:00 A.M. the small discs approached the parent object and
flashed, and their lights went out, apparently as they entered the craft.
Almost immediately all lights blacked out, but came back on again after about a minute. Tantot signaled toward the object with his flashlight, and immediately the big light on the left end of the object directed its beam toward the people in the field. They were blinded by
the light, shading their eyes with their hands, and felt strong heat.
At about 4:40 A.M. the large object began moving, turned, and suddenly shot away to the south, rising and falling as if following the contours of the terrain. As it departed it was surrounded by a bluish halo.
A faint bluish halo also was visible in the field at the spot where it had
been. Tantot reported the incident to the Gendarmerie two days
later. 35
UFO Levitates, Disables Truck
February 14, 1974: Ely, NV. 4:15 A.M. Two brothers, businessmen,
were driving a U-Haul rental truck from Buhl, ID, to Hemet, CA,
carrying their parents' furniture. On Highway 93 about 55 miles (88
km) north of Ely, the driver woke his sleeping brother to point out a
round orange object low over the desert to the left that had crossed
over the road and apparently was pacing them. Three smaller lights
were visible to the right, one flickering off and on.
The orange object then approached the truck, and "at that moment
it felt like we had been hit by a blast of wind or force field. [Then they
discovered that the truck was floating just off the road.] The lights on
the truck flickered on and off and the engine started to miss .... He
[the brother driving] lost control of the truck and couldn't steer it. I
told him to stop, and then before we could stop, the transmission selector jumped out of 'drive' into 'neutral,' and we coasted to a stop in
the middle of the road."
A huge silver "metal ball with a dome on top and sharp wings" was
visible hovering over a hill to the left. Then they noticed a huge
lighted object ahead that seemed to be approaching them. The second
brother (the one who wasn't driving) got out and shone a flashlight at
the object, but nothing happened. He then looked under the truck
and discovered that the drive shaft was still turning. Frightened and
"fearing for my life" he got back in the truck and watched as the object moved closer. "We felt that we were in a vacuum of some kind
and isolated from the rest of the world." (See March 29, 1978, Indianapolis, IN, trucker case.) After about 20 minutes the phenomena
disappeared, and the effects ended.
Since the truck was totally disabled, they flagged down a passing
driver who took them into a town, where they rented another U-Haul
truck. The entire rear end of the first truck had to be replaced, including the tires, the axle, the outside housing, and the gears. The UHaul station owner who went to the scene said, "The back axle was
twisted right off." He said that when they tried to lift up the back of
the truck with their tow truck, "the rear wheels just fell right off! "36
(Note: Ely contains copper mines.)
Domed Disc Sweeps Light Beam
across Lake, Illuminates Terrain
February 26, 1975: Lake Sorell, Tasmania, Australia. About 8:45 P.M.
A professional man who requested anonymity (name on file at Tasmanian UFO Investigation Centre) and his companion were on a
week's fishing trip at a lakeside camp. The principal witness, was also
a former Royal Australian Air Force aircrew member. He saw three
glowing objects in the northeast sky, one smaller than the other two,
and watched them for some time since they appeared unusual. Then
he noticed that they were not moving in the same direction as the
clouds.
Two of the objects moved closer to him and hovered, then receded,
intermittently obscured by clouds. Each had a pulsating red light on
<:::~ . .._ Red light
February 26, 1975: Lake Sorell, Tasmania
PUlsating
red light
Discs illuminated area with light beams. Top: Distance view; Bottom: Closer
approach.
its underside, and a row of red lights was visible around the rim of the
closer of the two. Clouds then hid the objects from view.
After several minutes the clouds brightened up and he saw one object emerge, traveling in an easterly direction and stopping over the
north shore of the lake. The second object was visible farther to the
north, stationary toward Mt. Penny. "The main object was now very
clear in definition," he told investigators. "It was an elongated shape
[a disc) with the red light very strong, still pulsating, but the red lights
around the [rim) also seemed to be twinkling from red to white. At
times they seemed to be travelling around the disc; at other times
[they I seemed to be quite stationary. It remained in this area for 8 to
10 minutes." Again, clouds intermittently obscured the object.
After a bank of clouds went through with a passing storm, the object reappeared, glowed brightly, and suddenly zoomed toward the
witnesses "at phenomenal speed." It stopped abruptly about l ,000
yards (900 meters) away and 500 feet (ISO meters) up, its lights dimming again. The shape was now clearly outlined. A brilliant, coneshaped light beam was projected down toward the lake and swept
across the terrain, illuminating the side of the mountain. Then it
swept back across the lake beneath the object and faded out.
The surface of the lake glowed a fluorescent blue-white. The object
then shot away to the northeast "at a colossal speed," which the witness likened to "the trajectory of a tracer bullet." The second object,
which had been hovering to the north toward Mt. Penny, sped off in
the same direction at the same time. "I noticed that each time the vehicle [sic} moved it glowed very brightly," he said. 37
UFO Hovers over Car, Emits "Dazzling Light"
August 29, 1975: Muret, Haute-Garonne, France. 10:45 P.M. R. Cyrus,
48, businessman and former gendarme, was driving his Peugeot 404
on Route DIO. The sky was clear and temperature mild, with a gentle
southeast breeze. About 10 meters (33 feet) ahead on the right side of
the road, in a slightly elevated field, he saw an aluminum-gray "machine" apparently reflecting moonlight. It was about 7 meters (23
feet) long and 3 meters high.
As he drew abreast of it, the underside of the object lit up with a
phosphorescent glow. It tilted back and glided toward the car at the
level of the hood and, when close to it, emitted a "dazzling light" as
bright as day that blinded Cyrus. He pulled up, threw his arms up
over his head protectively, and the car ended up in a shallow ditch
next to the road. Then the object darted straight up above the carsoundlessly-and hovered there, directing a beam of pulsating light
August 29, 1975; Muret, France
UFO glided over car, light-blinded driver.
down on the car. At this stage its luminosity dimmed and brightened
several times, and it took on a reddish cast.
Cyrus seemed to have a short memory lapse, getting out of his car
only when another motorist who had witnessed the object approached from the opposite direction, stopped, and began to open the
door of Cyrus's car to check on him. Cyrus was in a state of shock. His
watch began to gain time after the event. He also experienced sleepiness and eyesight problems ("black patches before his eyes") two days
later. Oddly, there were no apparent effects on the car. Several witnesses were found who corroborated the sighting.38
UFO Induces Abnormal Silence, Halts Motion of Boat
january 21, 1977: St. Bernard Parish, LA. 8:45 P.M. While hunting for
nutria along a canal, a man's boat was engulfed in brilliant light. The
man (name on file) felt heat, and all sounds of nature ceased. A glowing object then sped away, and everything returned to normal. After a
while he picked up a friend and resumed his work. Then a light again
approached and hovered over the boat. Once again silence prevailed,
and his hair stood on end "like wire." Everything felt warm. The engine
continued to run, but the boat stood still as if being held by "strong
gravity forces." (Later investigation showed that there were no impediments in the water, and the channel had been dredged recently.)
The object appeared round, about 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter
with a textured surface showing a pattern of connecting diamonds or
squares. (See March 20, 1966, Dexter, MI.)
When the object departed, the boat suddenly lurched forward throwing both men down, as if the force gripping the boat had suddenly been
turned off. They saw the UFO retreat and hover near an oil refinery,
where a company guard also saw it. Then it moved and hovered again in
a new spot, where it emitted a light beam downward. After about 30
minutes it disappeared. The principal witness reported a period of about
20 minutes during the sighting that he could not account for. 39
Glowing Orange Disc Causes Severe Injuries, Leaves
Physical Traces; or, This Ain't Kansas, Topo
February 18, 1977: Salto, Uruguay. 4:00 A.M. Rancher Angel Maria
Tonna, 52, was herding cows to the milking shed when the generatorpowered building lights suddenly went off. Tonna and his watchdog,
Topo, ran to investigate a bright light that appeared at the east end of
the barn. As the cows milled around wildly, dogs barking, Tonna
heard some unspecified noise and saw a hovering disc-shaped object
("like two plates facing each other").
The disc began moving with a rocking motion, alternately moving
and hovering, and at one point broke off some tree branches. Glowing bright orange, it moved toward Tonna and his watchdog, then
stopped about 20 feet (6 meters) above the ground next to a water
tank, its light illuminating the whole barnyard.
Topo ran toward the object as if to attack, but suddenly stopped
and sat down about 15 feet (4.5 meters) from it and began howling.
Tonna saw six beams of lightning-like light, three on each side of the
object, and felt electric shock, intense heat, and paralysis. Finally the
object turned red, began moving, and gradually accelerated out of
sight. The generator resumed functioning, but without producing
electricity because the wires were burned out.
Physical traces left included broken trees, circular markings on the
ground, one a 35-foot {10-meter) circle containing burned grass and
three circular impressions arranged like a triangle within the circle.
Tonna experienced severe skin irritation on his right arm, the one he
put up to shield his eyes. Topo stopped eating, became lethargic, and
died three days later. He was found dead on the spot where he had
howled at the UFO. An autopsy by a veterinarian found strong evidence of extreme internal heating. 40
Ellipse with Body Lights Hovers Near Car,
E-M and Physiological Effects Noted
March 9, 1977: Nelson, Lancashire, UK. About 3:10A.M. Brian Grimshaw, 38, and a friend, jeff Farmer, both textile workers at a menswear
factory, were driving on deserted streets after a night shift. Suddenly
they saw a brilliant object drop down out of the clouds, hover for a
few seconds, then move slowly toward them. At first it looked like a
round ball of light.
Realizing it was something strange, they stopped the car, pulled on
the hand brake, and got out to watch, with the engine still running.
As it came closer, the object stopped and hovered, and they could see
a shiny black elliptical shape with an array of red-orange lights on its
underside against a dark black overcast sky. The object also had a row
of apparent windows around the middle. Around the edges of the object was a grey mist.
As they watched the object they felt a tingling sensation like an
electrostatic field. After about five minutes, the object made an indescribable sound, began moving slowly in the direction of Manchester
(30 miles [48 km] to the south), and disappeared over the horizon.
While the object hovered above the car (a 1968 Vauxhall Viva), its
headlights dimmed but did not go out entirely, and the engine
stopped. They got back in the car, but could not start it while the object was still present. There was no ignition light, and the engine
would not turn over. After the object moved away, the car lights came
back on, and "the engine then just started up." They felt physical effects both during and after the sighting. While standing outside the
car, they felt a downward pressure. After they returned to the factory,
both men had severe "pounding" headaches.
The morning after the sighting Grimshaw had "weeping" of the
right eye, still evident at the interview 15 days after the event. The car
was checked and found to be in excellent condition. The electrical
system had been serviced five weeks earlier. 41
Blue Light Beam from UFO Fluoresces Dead Tree
November 29, 1977: Waimata Valley, Gisborne, New Zealand. About
10:15 A.M. Hamish Mclean, a UFO investigator, received an anonymous phone call about a sighting in progress and drove to the scene
to investigate. He saw a dome-shaped object hovering at about 300
feet (90 meters) above a hill, about 500 feet (150 meters) away. When
Mclean stopped his car and got out to observe the UFO, it suddenly
sped directly toward him and stopped about 200 feet (60 meters)
away.
After about three minutes a bright blue beam of light shot out of a
small square aperture on the lower left side of the object and focused
on a dead Macrocarpa tree trunk about 50 feet (15 meters) from the
UFO and 150 feet (45 meters) from Mclean. The trunk instantly "lit
up like a Christmas tree," fluorescing a different color on each branch
(e.g., pink, orange, and violet) for seven seconds, until the blue beam
disappeared.
Sheep in the paddock bleated, ran down the hill away from the object, and milled around in small groups. The UFO then moved about
50 feet (15 meters) to the right, where it hovered for two more minutes before swooping back over the hill. Later investigation of the tree
site turned up nothing unusual. 42
(Note: Macrocarpa is an evergreen shrub or tree often used for
hedges in New Zealand; it sometimes causes abortion in cattle that
nibble on it.)
Road Rally Car Lifted off Road by UFO in Argentina
September 22-23, 1978: Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. About
3:00 A.M. Carlos Acevedo, 38, a businessman, and Angel Moya, 28, a
mechanic, were participating in a road rally (endurance race) and
were completing the final 1,000 km (600 miles) after withdrawing
from formal competition due to mechanical problems. Acevedo was
driving at about 100 kmlh (60 mph) on Route Z, headed for the city
of Bahia Blanca.
Suddenly a bright yellow light approached from the rear at high
speed, its light illuminating the car's interior and blinding its occupants. The light was yellowish with a violet tint. Acevedo lost control
of the steering, then suddenly realized that the car was floating about
four meters (13 feet) above the ground.
"I immediately thought that we had hit something, flying into the
air, and started getting ready for the moment when the car would hit
the road again," he said. But the car continued to float, and their vision was restricted by the brilliant light. Acevedo later estimated that
they had floated for about one minute. The two men were confused,
but remained conscious throughout.
Finally they felt a bump, and the car was back on the road a considerable distance from where the encounter began. They saw what
looked like a yellow cone of light retreating in the distance, its glow
illuminating the surrounding area. It then changed appearance to an
oval that continued west and disappeared in the distance.
"I was stunned," Moya said. "My hands were shaking, and I felt
something pressing against my chest. It was difficult to breathe." The
car was sitting on the opposite side of the road, on an embankment.
Acevedo's legs felt like they were asleep, and he felt a tingling sensation in them.
Continuing on to Pedro Luro in Buenos Aires Province, they
stopped to take stock of the situation. When they analyzed the circumstances, they found that it had taken 2 hours and 20 minutes to
travel a distance that should have taken only 1 hour and 15 minutes.
They also discovered that their reserve gas tank, recently filled, was
empty. Confused and apprehensive about these discoveries, they reported the incident to Inspector Daniel Osimi at the Pedro Luro police station!3
226
Dome-Shaped UFO Skims
Treetops, Beams Light onto Car
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
March 6, 1979: Westminster, SC. Evening. Ben Chastain saw a round,
luminous object about l2 feet ( 4 meters) in diameter, its bottom flat
and red-colored, slowly skimming above the treetops. Dogs in the
neighborhood barked. At one point the object came within 50 yards
( 45 meters), its light illuminating the entire area.
Oconee County Deputy Sheriff jimmy Roach, his wife, and a
neighbor saw the object from a distance. About 8:00 P.M. Bill Osborne
saw a similar object on Highway 221. The object hovered, sweeping
the area with a light beam, once beamed directly onto his car. Witnesses stressed the unusual maneuverability of the UFO: It could
hover, make right-angle turns, and move straight up and down. 44
Shiny Sphere Flies over
Erratically, Hovers, Speeds Away
May 2, 1980: San jose, CA. 10:15 A.M. G. D., a Santa Clara County
park ranger (and former submarine torpedoman) and R. L., another
county employee (names on file), were in the Diablo Range when
they saw a shiny, mirror-like spherical objeCt moving north to south,
and took turns studying it through binoculars. The object had a bluegreen band in the center and was orange at the bottom. It made rapid
up and down motions as it moved forward, and spun faster as its
speed slowed. The object stopped and spun over Lick Observatory to
the east of their position for about 10 seconds. Then it accelerated
rapidly and sped away to the south. Sighting duration: three to four
minutes. The investigator checked for balloon and aircraft traffic, but
none coincided with the UFO sighting. s
Women Suffer Apparent Radiation Illness after
Watching Flame-Spewing UFO, Mystery Helicopters
December 29, 1980: Huffman, TX. About 9:00 P.M. While driving
through the Piney Woods of East Texas, about 40 miles northeast of
Houston, Betty Cash and her two passengers noticed a bright light
ahead. With Betty were Vickie Landrum and her grandson, Colby. As
they drew within about 130 feet ( 40 meters), they were confronted by
a fiery diamond-shaped object, emitting flames down toward the road.
Professionals and Citizens
December 29, 1980: Huffman, TX
Flame-spewing object blocked roadway, witnesses suffered radiation
injuries.
227
(The object also could be described as cone-, spindle-, or top-shaped;
see sketch above.) Betty stopped the car to avoid the flames, but the
car interior became hot, and they were forced outside, where the heat
from the object burned their skin.
Though intensely bright, the object was silvery and metallicappearing, and small blue lights were visible around the center. Periodically, flames flared out of the bottom with a "whooshing" sound;
each time the object rose a few feet, only to settle back toward the
road when the flames ceased. The witnesses, who could feel a burning sensation on their faces, were terrified. Though it was a chilly
evening, the car was too hot to touch.
After several minutes, just as the object ascended slowly into the
sky, a number of helicopters (approximately l2 of them were determined later to be CH-4 7 Chinooks) showed up and appeared to be
trying to force the object to land. Instead, it flew away with more than
20 helicopters in pursuit. They finally were able to resume driving;
and Betty dropped the Landrums off at their house and proceeded
home. She immediately became ill, experiencing headache, nausea,
vomiting, diarrhea, red and blistered skin, and swollen eyes.
228
Right: Betty Cash, driver, hospitalized with
severe illness (Photo: Mutual UFO Network.
Above: Passengers Colby Landrum (left) and
Vickie Landrum (right) also had symptoms
of radiation poisoning (Photo: Mutual UFO
Network).
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Meanwhile, the Landrums were experiencing similar symptoms,
but less severe. They had upset stomachs and badly "sunburned" skin.
Betty, however, was admitted to the hospital on January 3, 1981, after
losing large patches of skin and clumps of hair and lapsing into semiconsciousness. She had severe medical problems for a long time afterward. Radiologist Peter Rank later concluded, after examining their
medical records, that the trio had been exposed to ionizing radiation,
possibly combined with some infrared or ultraviolet light, as well.
The case was investigated by aerospace engineer John Schuessler
and some of his MUFON colleagues, who interviewed many other
witnesses who had seen the UFO, the helicopters, or both. An investigation by Allan Hendry failed to determine the source of the helicopters; no civilian or military airport would admit to any knowledge
of them. Chinooks are used by both the Army and the Marine Corps.
Legal attempts to get answers from government agencies met with
failure because it could not be proven that the UFO or the helicopters
were U.S. Government property. A judge dismissed the case, citing expert testimony that no such craft as the reported UFO existed in the
military arsenal. Early in 1982 the Air Force stated that none of its
helicopters was involved.
The Department of the Army, Inspector General's Office, directed
Lt. Col. George Sarran to conduct an investigation. John Schuessler
received a call from Sarran on March 19, 1982, and provided complete
cooperation and guidance. Sarran found the witnesses credible, but
was unable to trace the helicopters to any Army, National Guard, or
Army Reserve unit. The implied scope of the hypothetical Army "exercise" during the normal year-end holiday season "stand-down" period would have required extraordinary logistical support, yet no
record could be found that such an operation actually occurred. Sarran seems to have conducted a thorough and objective investigation.
Although well witnessed and including strong physical evidence,
the case remains totally baffling. It has been speculated that the
"UFO" was a super-secret, U.S. atomic-powered aircraft that was experiencing engine problems. However, the site is very close to a major metropolitan area and far removed from the spacious military
reservations in the deserts of New Mexico, California, Nevada, and
Utah, where tests of revolutionary aircraft ordinarily occur. In these
highly secure areas, Top Secret experiments can be kept far away from
prying eyes. Why risk exposure of the secret, an accident, and potentially disastrous consequences by exposing residents of a metropolitan
area to experimental test flights?'6
Triangular UFOs Observed over California Freeway
September 18, 1981: Conejo Valley, CA. Three sightings of triangular
objects with bright body lights were made a few miles apart in the
vicinity of Moorpark and Simi Valley within a 45-minute period.
(1) Simi Valley, 8:45 P.M. Six members of a family watched a light
approach and saw a triangular object with five bright white lights at
the front and additional lights along the side. Viewed through binoculars, the unlighted center portion appeared to be like brushed aluminum with a grid pattern. As it passed overhead a faint noise could
be heard, like a low-pitched hum. A blinking red-orange light was visible at its rear. The object was too large and moving too slowly to be
a conventional aircraft. Two or three smaller lights were following in
its path. The night was clear, with no wind and no moon.
(2) Moorpark Freeway, 9:15 P.M. john Sharwath and Randy Bandurant were driving north on the freeway when, 5 miles (8 km) from
the end of it, they noticed three bright lights like floodlights on the
horizon to the north. As they approached the end of the freeway they
were able to resolve a single light into five bright white lights, three in
an upper row and two in a lower row. When they were nearly under
the lights, each set was seen to be associated with a triangular body
that was illuminated in many colors, but mainly white with some yellow and red areas.
(3) Moorpark Freeway, 9:25P.M. Cherie Thompson and joyce Bandurant, Randy's mother, were driving somewhere behind john Sharwarth when they saw in the northwest some lights at low level that
they took to be an aircraft about to crash. Then they noticed two additional moving light sources, and all were dropping in altitude.
As they drew closer, they could see that the lower two were triangular objects with three bright white lights, and red, blue, and yellow
areas within the triangle. The lowest object passed over the car in the
vicinity of Olsen Road at an altitude estimated to be between 50 and
100 feet (15 and 30 meters). They stopped the car along the freeway,
but by then the objects were disappearing behind the hills. They
heard no sound.
An advertising plane operator in the Simi Valley area was contacted, and advertising planes were ruled out as an explanation.+]
Domed Disc Beams Light onto Truck
November 24, 1981: Marshall, TX. 9:30P.M. Dale Spurlock, an electric
power company employee, and his female companion were driving in
his 1976 pickup truck on a small asphalt road off the main highway,
when they saw a lighted aerial object on a crossing path. The object
November 24, 1981: Marshall, TX
UFO approached truck, tilted, beamed lights onto it.
turned and came directly toward them, hovered about 40 feet (12 meters) away, tilted, and beamed two white lights onto the truck from
forwardly placed "headlights."
The object was disc-shaped, with a small "cupola" or dome on top,
and had four pulsating lights at the base of the dome (red, blue, green,
amber), and a red blinking light on top of the dome. Below the headlights along the lower edge of the disc was a row of square windows
dimly illuminated with white light. Investigators later computed the
disc to be just over 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter.
No sound could be heard from the object as it hovered. Frightened
by this spectacle, they fled, but the object followed them. When they
stopped the truck, the object stopped, hovered, and again beamed
light down on them. Spurlock fled onto the main highway, and this
time the object flew away. The next day the truck's alternator and battery had to be replaced. 48
(Note: Marshall manufactures foundry products, and has oil, gas,
and lignite-fuel-deposits.)
Disc Lifts Car off Road,
Physiological Effects on Driver
October 15, 1983: Altoona, PA. A woman driving home about 8:30P.M.
heard a loud "whirling" sound and saw a bright silvery, saucer-shaped
object approaching on a crossing path from the right. The object was
flat on top, curved on the underside, and about 24 feet (7 meters) in
diameter. As it passed about 30 feet (9 meters) over the car, the right
wheels were lifted off the road, and the car lights blinked off and on.
When the car was dropped back hard onto the road, the engine
stalled. The frightened witness watched the object disappear in the
distance over a ridge. The car wouldn't start for 20-25 minutes. Afterward the woman experienced partial hearing loss in her right ear. She
also experienced shoulder, chest, and spinal problems, and severe
headaches. +9
(Note: Altoona is an industrial city in south-central Pennsylvania,
in the bituminous coal region.)
UFO Lifts Car off Road, Terrifies Australian Family
january 20, 1988: Mundrabilla, Western Australia. 4:00A.M. An Australian family driving on an isolated stretch of highway in the early
morning hours had a frightening close encounter with a UFO, partially corroborated by independent testimony from truck drivers. The
incident resulted in physical traces on the car and a black, sooty substance that fell during the encounter. A team of investigators associated with UFO Research Australia interviewed the principal witnesses, inspected the car, and obtained official records of the incident.
Investigation was partially supported by a grant from the Fund for
UFO Research, and Keith Basterfield submitted a preliminary report
to the fund dated November 1988. The results of follow-up investigations and laboratory analyses were reported in other publications.
It all started onjanuary 19, 1988, when Faye Knowles, 43, and her
sons, Patrick, 24, Sean, 21, and Wayne, 18, decided on short notice to
drive some 3,500 kilometers (2,100 miles) from Perth in Western
Australia on the Eyre Highway eastward across the continent to visit
Mrs. Knowles's sister in Melbourne, Victoria. Because of the long distance, they were sharing the driving and kept moving to make the trip
pass faster.
It was a clear night with no moon. Early the next morning, at a
point west of Mundrabilla, Sean, who was driving, saw ahead what he
first thought were the headlights of an approaching truck. Suddenly
the white light began jumping around erratically. As it came closer,
Sean and the others could see an egg-shaped object, basically white
with a yellow light in the center. The object loomed in front of the car,
and Sean swerved to avoid a collision. As he did so, the Knowleses'
car narrowly avoided colliding with another car approaching from the
east, behind the UFO.
Road surface
january 20, 1988: Mundrabilla, West Australia
Yell011
liqbt
Object "like egg in egg cup" that harassed motorists.
In a later interview, Sean described the object as "egg-shaped with
a round circle in the center, orange-yellow in color." The car that had
passed at that moment was a station wagon towing a trailer. The UFO
chased the passing car and momentarily disappeared from the
Knowleses' perspective, but a little later they saw it behind them.
At this critical moment, a whole series of things occurred that the
Knowles family could remember only vaguely, suggesting a possible
abduction encounter (see section XIII). Sean made two or more
abrupt U-turns as the object kept confronting them, and finally tried
to flee. The family had the impression that the object landed on the
roof of their car, though they did not see it.
Investigators were unable to determine the exact sequence of
events, which included the following:
 They heard a humming or whirring sound.
 The car seemed to be lifted off the road
 Mrs. Knowles reached her hand out the window onto the roof and
felt a "spongy" substance, after which her hand briefly felt warm.
 The sound of their voices changed in pitch and slowed down.
 They became hysterical, shouting and crying.
 The car dropped heavily back onto the road, and the right rear
tire burst, forcing them to stop.
 Sean blacked out for an undetermined period of time.
 A "greyish-black mist" drifted into open windows.
 Their two dogs were "going crazy."
 The car started shaking.
 There was a rotten smell in the air.
Sean was in the right front driver's seat, Patrick in the left front
seat. Wayne was behind Patrick, and Mrs. Knowles was behind Sean,
seated over the tire that burst. When they stopped, they got out and
ran into the scrub to hide, fearing the UFO would return. After about
15 minutes they returned to the car, quickly changed the tire, and
drove at high speed on to Mundrabilla.
In Mundrabilla they stopped and, somewhat hysterically, told some
truck drivers what had happened, urgently suggesting that "something
ought to be done." Then they drove on to Ceduna, where word of their
experience had preceded them, and they were stopped and questioned
by the police. Finally they drove on to Wudinna, where personnel from
Channel 7 TV intercepted them and persuaded them to be interviewed.
The station paid them $5,000 for exclusive coverage.

The Knowles Vehicle
Their car, a blue 1984 Ford AT Telstar GL front-wheel-drive, automatic sedan, was made available for inspection by UFO investigators
at the Channel 7 parking lot. It was in very good condition except for
road dust. Four small indentations were visible on the roof, roughly
at the four corners. The battery was a six-cell model with clean terminals and adequate fluid levels. The engine was a four-cylinder
model. All gauges were operative.
The tires were Dunlop Grand Prix steel-belted radials, all new except for the replacement tire on the right rear. The damaged tire was
in the trunk. It had ruptured in a circular pattern around the edge
where the steel-belt leaves off and the sidewall begins. Its tread was
good.
During their inspection the investigators saw no unusual black deposit on the inside of the car, but Paul Norman of the Victoria UFO
Research Society had preceded them and used a vacuum to obtain
samples for analysis. On the outside all they saw was a dark deposit
on the metal trim of the two front tires, which they felt could have
been from brake linings.
At the time of the incident the vehicle was being financed by a
company in Perth. After continuing on to Adelaide, the family abandoned the car, and it was ultimately repossessed and sold at auction
injune 1988.
Testimony of Graham Henley
Graham Henley, 57, a truck driver from Forest Hill, Victoria, and john
"Porky" Dejong had started off in separate trucks from Norseman,
West Australia, headed east along the Eyre Highway. When they
stopped at Caiguna, they noticed a blue car pull in containing a
woman and three young men at about 1:30 A.M. The family filled a
four-gallon petrol can and then left, headed east. The truckers continued on, with Henley in the lead.
At about 4:00 A.M. Henley had reached a point just past Madura
when he noticed a bright light in his rearview mirror shaped "like a
big egg .... " It was too high up to be another vehicle. He arrived in
Mundrabilla about 4:30 A.M. and had just started walking to the back
of his truck when the Knowleses' car pulled in. He recognized them
as the people he had seen in Caiguna about three hours earlier. They
appeared frightened.
Henley joined the group around them as they excitedly tried to explain what had happened to them, all talking at once. They mentioned
having been picked up and dropped by a "flying saucer." He noticed
an apparent burn on the woman's right hand and redness on her face.
One of the boys had bare and bleeding feet.
His attention was drawn to an ashlike substance on the car, and he
saw traces of it both inside and outside, including on the back window. He described it as a "silicon-type sand ... very, very fine, almost
like ground glass ... fine and dry and it was black, and had this horrible Bakelite smell about it." Being familiar with racing cars, he said
the substance was not like brake dust. When he looked in the car he
noticed a dog cowering inside.
A black-gray dawn was just beginning to break. Henley took a
flashlight and looked under the car. There was no grass, suggesting to
him that there had been no high-speed spinout. He inspected the
burst tire, noting: "It was the most unusual burst tire I had seen in my
life." He felt the indentations on top of the roof.
The Knowleses departed about 4:50 A.M., when the first pink of
daylight was beginning to show in the sky.
Testimony of Dejong and Friend
Dejong was traveling with a friend, Anne, who shared the driving. At
a point about 40 kilometers (24 miles) west of Mundrabilla, Anne saw
two people waving on the right-hand side of the road and woke the
drowsing "Porky" to ask him whether she should stop. He advised her
not to stop because of the late hour and the remoteness of the location. About 150 meters (500 feet) further on they saw a car, also on
the right, facing in a southwesterly direction (i.e., back toward Perth).
Later a car sped past them with its lights off, then its lights came
on. When they arrived in Mundrabilla shortly afterward, they saw
Henley talking with a group of people standing around a car. They established that it was the people they had seen by the side of the road,
and who had passed them at high speed. The woman appeared hysterical, and one of the boys was very white in the face. They listened
as the family described the encounter and noted that Mrs. Knowles
was worried about a red blotch on her hand. Their behavior convinced Dejong and Anne that something unusual had occurred.
According to Dejong when he was interviewed, the Knowleses said
that when the object came over their car with a high-pitched noise,
their minds and bodies were taken over. His version substantially
agreed in all essential respects with those of the Knowles family and
Henley. He did not notice any black dust, but he didn't inspect the car
that closely except to confirm the indentations on the roof.
The truck drivers offered to take the family back to inspect the site,
hut they declined and went on their way. After they left, Henley,
Dejong, and Anne-convinced that something strange had happenedwent back to the spot to examine it. What they found generally confirmed the Knowleses' story. The footprints were visible where the family had run off into the bushes to hide. They could see where the car
had dropped back onto the road and the tire had burst. The place where
they had driven off the road with the flat tire was also evident.
The police in Ceduna confirmed that the family had "displayed
great anxiety and were visibly shaken by the ordeal." The Knowleses
spent the night at a motel in Wudinna, where the car was examined
by police and investigators. After extensive interviews on Channel 7
TV, the family continued on to Melbourne. On january 21 their experience was a national news story.
When interviewed by Paul Norman and others in Melbourne, Mrs.
Knowles's arm was red and swollen, and one of the dogs had patches
of hair falling out. This raised concerns about possible radiation poisoning.
Channel 7 arranged for chemical analysis of samples of the black
dust by Amdel Laboratories and compared it to a control sample of
brake dust. The analysts concluded that the sample, taken from the
front wheels, was consistent with residual dust from worn brake pads
and discs.
Samples from both the interior and exterior of the vehicle taken by
Paul Norman were sent to Richard Haines in California and subjected
to electron microscope analysis. The samples from the interior were
found to be different from the samples from the wheels; they were not
road dust, hut nothing truly anomalous was found.
Norman also reports another analysis done by a laboratory in Melbourne where potassium particles were isolated and were found to
have identical straight edges, "unknown to occur naturally."50
(Note: The Nullabor Plain area near the southern coast of Australia, where the incident occurred, has a harsh desert climate with little vegetation other than scrub brush. The Eyre Highway runs parallel to the coast, a short distance inland from the Great Australian
Bight on the Indian Ocean. The Woomera rocket range and satellitetracking base is located on the eastern end of the Plain about 850 kilometers [500 miles] east of Mundrabilla.)
Object Similar to Manta Ray
Illuminates Terrain with light Beam
August 19, 1992: Tucson, AZ. About 1:00 A.M. A male motorist, 31, saw
a distant strange light approaching from the northeast. The object
moved like a falling leaf (oscillating side to side), descended rapidly,
came across a field, stopped, and hovered about 250 yards (225 meters)
away. A cone oflight from its underside illuminated the ground and surrounding vegetation. The object was manta ray-shaped, about 30 feet (9
meters) in diameter, dark with a row of lights wrapped around its leading edge, and had a raised ridge down the center of the object.
The driver pulled over, stopped, and got out to watch. The object
silently approached to within 300 feet (90 meters), then began to ascend.
Moonlight reflected off it as it moved directly overhead. The driver got
back in the car and fled. Looking back, he saw the object hovering about
15 feet (4.5 meters) above a nearby farmhouse, bright light from its
underside illuminating the entire house and area around it for almost 20
seconds. Then it moved away, illuminating a large area of trees.
Once again the object approached the car within 50-75 yards
(45-68 meters), finally moving away to the soutltwest after 15 minutes' elapsed time."
(Note: A major commercial city, Tucson includes aircraft parts,
electronics components, guided missiles, and plastics manufacturing,
and is the home of Davis-Monthan AFB.)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

1. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 12 (December 1972): 11; El
Sureno, Bahia Blanca, Brazil, july 12, 1965; Anganuzzi (1976); Banchs (1976), 14.
2. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 5-7.
3. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1966): 32; Newcastle Morning Herald, january 24, 1966.
4. Report in NICAP files.
5. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 22.
6. Fowler (1974), 138-43; see also Sagan and Page (1972), xxvi-xxvii.
7. Report in NICAP files.
8. Fowler (1974), 144-48; see also Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 7.
9. Air Force unexplained case; see project Blue Book files, National Archives.
10. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 41-42; report in NICAP files.
11. U.EO. Investigator (October 1967): 3; report in NICAP files; Gillmor (1969),
case 28.
12. El Universal, Caracas, Venezuela, August 20, 28, 1967. (Note: La Guaira is
the leading seaport of Venezuela, with a good harbor, dry dock, and shipbuilding
plant.)
13. Hilary Evans, "UFO Research in Britain," MUFON 1987 UFO Symposium Proceedings (Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1987), 113; Good (1987), 63-64;
Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1967): 4; report by julian Hennessey
in NICAP files. Evans dates the case at 1:00 a.m. November 6, and has different
details, including engine failure, and a magenta color for the object. Hennessey
also reports engine failure but confirms the November 5 date and time.
14. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1968): 32; The West Australian, November 17, 1967.
15. MUFON UFO journal Oanuary 1988): 20; Vermillion (SD) Plain Talk, january
25, 1968.
16. Report in NICAP files; see also Wausau (WI) Daily Record-Herald, May 31,
1968.
17. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 13 (February 1973): 14; La
Capital, Mar del Plata, Argentina, july 30, 1968.
18. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1969): 2-3, 24, with sketch.
19. Flying Saucer Review (September-October 1973): 19-21. Investigator:
William C. Chalker.
20. Christian Science Monitor, August 2, 1974. Investigator: Raymond E. Fowler.
21. Skylook (April1976): 4-7.
22. Crowthorne News, Berkshire, UK, September 20, 1985; London Sunday Mirror, September 29, 1985.
23. Provincetown (MA) Advocate, March 15, 1990.
24. Case report in NICAP files, including interview by Dr. james E. McDonald.
25. Report in NICAP files; Investigator: Dr. Gordon Sayer; see also Keyhoe and
Lore (l969a), 23.
26. Gillmor (1969), Case 12, 282-85.
27. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 1; Lebanon (PA) Daily News, April 8, 1967. Investigator: Dr. james E. McDonald. In a letter dated July 31, 1967, McDonald
stated that he considered the case to be "fairly strong" based on two interviews
with Demler and positive character testimony by a former coworker. The latter
told McDonald that on the day following the incident, Demler was in an "obvious
state of physical or psychological shock for many hours."
28. Story (1980), 230-231; Phillips (1975), 48; Gillmor (1969), Case 22, 316;
International UFO Reporter (November-December 1987): 21-24; journal of UFO
Studies, New Series, Vol. 5 (1994), 1-34; Flying Saucer Review 27(1) (1981):
14-16, 27(2) (1981): 15-18, 27(3) (1981): 21-25; Winnipeg Free Press, May 23,
1967; Craig (1995), 14-27; Clark (1996), 191-200.
29. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
30. McDonald (1968b), 52-53; Story (1980), 299-300.
31. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1970); Napier Daily Telegraph, October 31, 1969.
32. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement Four (April1971): 4-7.
33. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1971): 3-5. Investigator: Robert A.
Schmidt; U.F.O. Investigator (May 1971): 3, misdated as Apri118 and giving location as Pittsburgh.
34. Flying Saucer Review (March-April1972): 7-12; Fabio Zerpa, El Hombre en
el Universo [Man in the Universe) (Buenos Aires: Cuarta Dimension-Cielosur Publishers, S.A.C.l., 1976), 93-100.
35. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1973): 16-22; translated from Lumieres
dans Ia Nuit, No. 122 (February 1973).
36. Hall (1988), 275-76; Skylook, No. 78 (May 1974); Klinn and Branch column, Santa Ana (CA) Register, March 27, 1974.
37. Skylook Oune 1975): 3-6, with sketches; Flying Saucer Review, 22(6) (1976):
30-31, with quotes from the Saturday Evening Mercury, Hobart, Tasmania,
March 29, 1975; Chalker (1976), 3-4 (The UFO is described here as a "circular
object, with a bright golden orange dome.")
38. Flying Saucer Review, 22(2) (1976): 7-10, translated from Lumieres dans Ia
Nuit, No. 153 (March 1976). Investigators: G. Cattiau, R. Gayral, and D. Lacenal.
39. MUFON UFO journal (February 1977); Hall (1988), 289-90.
40. MUFON UFO journal (April1978): 3-5. Investigator: Mario Rodriguez; Hall
(1988), 290-91.
41. Flying Saucer Review 23(2) (1977): 3-5, 12. Investigators: Tony Grimshaw and
jenny Randles; jenny Randles, "Nelson (England) Sighting," in Story (1980), 246.
42. Aerial Phenomenon Research Group, Gisbome, New Zealand, investigation
report; Xenolog, Timaru, New Zealand (1st Quarter 1978); Hall (1988), 293-94.
43. MUFON UFO journal (October 1979); Buenos Aires, La Cronica, September 24,
25, 1978; Alonso, et al. (1978), 35-36, 167-71; Hall (1988), 49-52, 297-98.
44. MUFON UFO journal (March 1989): 19.
45. Witness reports in MUFON files. Investigator: Richard A. Henry.
46. Schuessler (1981, 1982a, 1982b, 1983, 1984, 1986a, 1986b, 1986c, 1988,
1998); Stowe (1982); Hendry (c. 1981)
47. Report in MUFON files. Investigator: William F. Hassel.
48. Investigators: john Combest and jean Fuller. MUFON UFO journal (April
1982): 6; International UFO Reporter (May-june 1982): 5-8.
49. MUFON UFO journal (November 1983): 3-4. Investigator: T. Scott Crain, Jr.
50. Basterfield (1988); MUFON UFO journal (March 1988): 16-22; (April1988):
14-19; Norman (1990); Clark (1990), 21-24; MUFON UFO journal (March
1988): 16-22, (April1988): 14-19; International UFO Reporter Oanuary-February
1990): 12-13; Melbourne Sun, january 21, 22, 25, 30; Melbourne Australian, january 21, 1988; Melbourne Age, january 22, 1988; Melbourne Sunday Observer, January 24, 1988; Adelaide News, February 1, 1988; Australasian Post, Melbourne, November 26, 1988; Albuquerque journal, January 22, 1988 (Associated Press);
Chalker (1996), 183-89.
51. MUFON UFO journal (December 1992): 18. MUFON Sighting Log
# 921908W Investigator: Kathy Woodward.

===========================================================================
SECTION VII. Special Evidence

UFOs often leave behind physical traces or imprints on the environment, and these constitute important, measurable evidence of
a sighting. The following "UFO fingerprints" are considered in turn:
 Radar Tracks
 Electromagnetic Effects
 Environmental Effects
- Physical traces
- Physiological effects
- Mass displacement/inertial effects
- Animal reactions
 Photographic Cases
Radar Tracks
The UFO Evidence (Hall, 1964) listed and discussed 81 radar-UFO
cases that occurred between 1948 and 1962, including ground-based
radar, airborne radar (usually on jet interceptors), and, in many cases,
UFOs that were tracked by both ground and airborne radar at the
same time. Radar-visual cases also were numerous, notably in 1952
and 1953. 1
At least 34 new radar-UFO cases are on record since 1964, though
technical data important for evaluating them often is lacking. The late
Dr. james E. McDonald subjected several radar cases to rigorous
analysis. 2 Because of the potential significance of radar data, this category of evidence deserves far more complete study than it has received to date.
The radar reports strongly suggest that odd and unexplained phenomena are occurring. At the same time, there is no procedure for systematic collection and study of the radar data; at least no unclassified
system that brings to bear the necessary scientific resources that
would result in a meaningful scientific study.
Table !lists a sample of radar-tracking cases from 1965 to 1991.
TABLE I. RADAR CASES
G = ground radar; A = airborne radar; V = visual sighting
Date &: location
February 11, 1965
Pacific Ocean
(A,V)
July 31, 1965
Wynnewood, OK
(G,V)
August 2, 1965
Wichita, KS
(G,V)
August 4, 1965
Michigan-Minnesota
(G,V)
October 7, 1965
Edwards AFB, CA
(G,V)
February 11, 1966
Skowhegan, ME
(G,V)
March 14, 1966
Dexter, MI
(G,V)
March 27, 1966
Columbus, GA
(G,V)
July 26, 1966
Atlanta, GA
(G,V)
Description &: Notes
Three glowing red ovals paced Flying Tiger
airliner for 30 minutes; climbed up out of sight at
1 ,200 knots (see section I)
UFOs tracked on Air Force and Weather Bureau
Radar; numerous police sightings'
Weather Bureau radar tracked four to five UFOs;
visual sightings coincided
.U.S. Air Force and RCAF radar tracked 7-10 unexplained objects at 9,000 mph; objects moved from
SWto NNE'
Prolonged radar-visual sighting of l2 UFOs; jet
interceptors scrambled, could not reach objects
(see section II)
Glowing orange UFO with dome hovered,
maneuvered; tracked on Air Force and FAA radar"
Selfridge AFB tracked UFOs over lake Erie; objects
observed moving at high speed, making sharp turns'
Radar-visual sighting of maneuvering UFO;
witnesses included control tower personnel
FAA personnel observed oval UFOs, tracked on
radar; one object accelerated sharply
Special Evidence
Date & Location
February 24, 1967
Atlantic City, NJ
(G,V)
March 2, 1967
White Sands
Missile Range,
NM (G,V)
March 5, 1967
Minot AFB, ND
(G,V)
April 6, 1967
Alberta, Canada
(G,V)
November 26, 1968
Bismarck, ND
(G,V)
February 14, 1973
McAlester, OK
(A,V)
November 30, 1973
Turin, Italy
(G,V)
March 9, 1974
Milan, Italy
(G,V)
May 3, 1975
Tequesquitengo Lake,
Mexico (G,V)
November 11, 1975
Falconbridge,
Ontario, Canada
(G,V)
September 6, 1976
Port Austin, Ml
(G,V)
Description & Notes
UFO tracked for two minutes on FAA radar;
airport employee saw glowing orange object
coinciding10
Groups of three to four UFOs tracked on radar;
silver discs seen widely (see section I)
Radar detected UFO hovering over missile
base; security guards saw disc-shaped object
(see section II)
Civil, military radar tracked UFO; airline crew
reported orange object moving slowly, then
accelerating"
FAA radar tracked two UFOs; pilot, air traffic
controllers observed two luminous objects (see
sections I, III)
243
Weather radar confirmed UFO below aircraft; disc
with dome seen, reacted to radar beam (see
section III)
Military radar tracked UFO near airport; pilots saw
glowing ball changing colors (see section III)
Milan radar tracked UFO; business pilot saw
disc with colored rings, gave chase (see
section III)
Small aircraft surrounded by three domed discs;
objects tracked on radar at speeds up to 500 mph
(see section lll)
Hovering, darting UFOs tracked on radar; part of
several-day intrusions over SAC bases (see
section II)
Bat-wing-shaped UFOs seen; next morning
Air Force radar tracked 5 UFOs for 30 minutes"
244
Date & Location
September 19, 1976
Tehran, Iran
(G,V)
January 21, 1977
Bogota, Colombia
(G,A,V)
September 22, 1977
Omaha, NE
(G)
December 8, 1977
Oxnard to
Los Angeles, CA
(G,V)
December 17, 1977
Colorado and
South Dakota
(G,V)
May 14, 1978
Ocala, FL
(G,V)
December 21, 1978
New Zealand
(G,V)
May 26, 1979
Hailey, ID
(G,V)
October 15, 1979
Dover, DE (G,V)
March 22, 1980
Burlington, VT
(G)
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description & Notes
Brightly luminous UFO tracked on radar, pursued
by F-4 jet interceptors; widespread citizen reports
(see section II)
Multiple radars tracked UFO at speeds up to
44,000 kmlh (26,000 mph); airliner saw zigzagging
object coinciding with radar (see section lll)
FAA radar tracked three objects like aircraft only
larger; speed computed to be 17,000 mph
(27,000 km/h)l3
FAA radar tracked four objects; airliner reported
two luminous objects maneuvering around
aircraft (see section Ill)
Radar facilities in two states tracked two UFOs
giving "strong" returns, moving at 1,000+ mph
(1,600 kmlh); one made head-on pass at airliner~<
Citizens reported object with body lights
maneuvering at low level, Navy radar tracked UFO
at 500 knots; object made instant course reversal
(see section I)
Radar-visual sightings by airline crews and civil
radar; photographs taken (see section Vlll, 1978
Sighting Wave)
FAA radar tracked UFOs; private pilot and airliner
saw orange objects changing formation (see section
lll)
Air Force base radar tracked two hovering
UFO; objects observed by State Police15
FAA radar tracked three UFOs at 1,500 mph
(2,400 kmlh). Objects joined up with a larger
UFO, then separated again (see case summary
below)
Special Evidence
Date & Location
December 4, 1980
Perth, Western
Australia (G,V)
january-February
1984, Hessdalen
Valley, Norway
(G,V)
May 19, 1986
Rio de Janeiro,
Sao Paulo,
Brazil (G,A,V)
November 17, 1986
Fort Yukon, AK
(G,V)
May 16, 1987
Toronto to
Winnipeg,
Canada (A)
March 21, 1990
PereslavlZalesskiy,
Russia (G,A,V)
March 30, 1990
Wavre, Belgium
(G,A,V)
October 10, 1990
Skibo, MN
(G,V)
June 8, 1991
Concepcion,
Paraguay
(G,V)
Description & Notes
Four unidentified objects tracked on airport
radar, observed glinting in sun
245
Numerous radar and visual sightings by scientific
expedition, photographs taken (see case summary
below)
Multiple radar-visual sightings by civilian and
military pilots; unexplained nature of UFOs openly
acknowledged by authorities (see section II)
Japan Airlines B-74 7 encounter with several UFOs,
tracked on FAA radar; crew saw giant Saturn-shaped
object (see section III)
Canadian Air International crew tracked UFO on
weather radar for four minutes; object "about the
size of an aircraft carrier" (see case summary below)
Ground and airborne radar and visual sightings by
airline pilots; military aircraft scrambled to
investigate, chased UFOs (see section I)
Ground and airborne radar, visual sightings by
military pilots and gendarmes; UFOs displayed
extraordinary maneuverability (see section II)
FAA and Air National Guard radar tracked UFOs;
visual sightings by police and citizens (see
section IV)
Civil radar tracked UFOs, visual sightings by
pilots (see section III)
CASE SUMMARIES
Following are summaries of selected radar-UFO sighting cases illustrating some of the commonly reported features. Some cases involving
radar tracking are summarized in other sections (see cross-references
in table notes). Radar reports seldom are subjected to careful scientific
study by scientists or aviation authorities. The accumulated data
strongly suggest that they should be.
UFO WITH SATELLITE OBJECTS TRACKED ON RADAR
On March 22, 1980, at Burlington, VT, about 10:00 P.M., airport traffic controllers Donald Kernan and Richard Morris tracked an unidentified object on radar traveling about 1,500 mph (2,400 km/h). Three
smaller objects were observed on radar joining a larger, brighter object, then separating again. "[They] were not like anything I had ever
seen before," Kernan said. The single object moved about four miles
in two sweeps of the radar17 (see section X, Satellite Objects).
PROJECT HESSDALEN
January-February 1984: Hessdalen Valley, near Roros, Norway. Between January 21 and February 18, while Project Hessdalen was in
operation, investigators had numerous radar and radar-visual sightings, and the first four of numerous photographs were taken on February 18. Project Hessdalen was an instrumented study that first went
public on june 3, 1983; started work on January 21, 1984; and ended
on February 26, 1984. Its purpose was to document sightings over the
valley that had been occurring more or less continuously from 1981
to 1986, with a lull in 198318 (see also Photographs, below).
AIRLINE CREW TRACKS UFO ON WEATHER RADAR
On May 16, 1987, a Canadian Air International Boeing-737 was en
route from Toronto to Winnipeg, Canada. Capt. Rick Olsen was flying
at 31,000 feet (9,000 meters) when he and his first officer observed an
unidentified object on their weather radar. The radar track indicated
an object "about the size of an aircraft carrier" about 50 miles away at
approximately their altitude, and traveling on roughly the same
course at 5,400 mph (8,600 km/hr). The radar target lasted about four
minutes. Weather was hazy, and the aircraft was not close enough to
make visual contact. 19

Electromagnetic Effects
Electromagnetic effects associated with UFOs, especially on vehicles,
were first widely reported during the 1954 European sighting wave,
and then again during the 1957 sighting wave, primarily in the United
States and South America. These and later cases were listed in The
UFO Evidence (Hall, 1964). By 1964 there were over 100 cases on
record.
UFO reports have been associated with three general types of electromagnetic effects: on vehicles (surface and airborne); electric power
system grids; and radio networks. Since electrical failures of power
grids and radio networks are a fairly common occurrence because of
power shortages or natural forms of interference, and may not always
be clearly linked with a UFO sighting, the vehicle effect cases are potentially the most significant in terms of evidence of an extraordinary
phenomenon. In vehicle effect cases, the UFO link usually is clear and
unambiguous.
Power Systems
UFO sightings on occasion have been associated with disruptive effects on television sets locally and with larger-scale failures of electric
power systems on a neighborhood or regional basis. One of the more
famous of such incidents happened on November 9, 1965, when the
entire northeastern United States suffered a major and unprecedented
power failure throughout the interstate power grid.
Although a cause and effect relationship in these cases is not always as clear-cut as it is with E-M effects on vehicles, these cases still
require careful study to determine possible UFO-related effects on
human energy systems. The power systems act as a sort of "instrument network," and it might prove productive to determine the exact
nature and quantity of the effects when a UFO connection can be established.
The late Dr. james E. McDonald was intrigued by the possible association of UFOs with the 1965 northeastern power failure, and
studied the question intensively. In a 1966 memorandum to Col.
Louis DeGoes at the Air Force Foreign Technology Division, McDonald wrote:
These cases [power outages) remain puzzling. When Major Quintanilla
was able to confirm that Hynek had been told by New Yorker staffers
that they'd seen a UFO moving at skyscraper level during the Nov. 9
blackout, I felt this was a bit too much to pass over lightly .... Although
it is by no means obvious that there was any physical relation between
the scattered UFO observations before and during the Northeast Blackout, there seem to be enough puzzling factors to push this problem up
to some higher priority .... My own inquiries at FPC [Federal Power
Commission] did not leave me with the impression that they knew
much about the surge that triggered the breakdown. Also, they mentioned that, yes, they had quite a few letters from people up there who
had seen UFOs, but they'd paid no attention to them.'
In his testimony before the 1968 House Science and Astronautics
Committee on UFOs, McDonald said:
There are scattered instances in which substantial power distribution
systems have failed at or very near the time of observation of aerial phenomena similar, broadly speaking, to one or another UFO phenomenon. I have personally checked on several such instances and am satisfied that the coincidence of UFO observation and power outage did at
least occur. Whether there is a causal connection here, and in which direction it may run, remains quite uncertain. Even during the large
Northeast blackout, November 9, 1965, there were many UFO observations, several of which I have personally checked.
I have inquired at the Federal Power Commission to secure data that
might illuminate the basic question of whether these are merely fortuitous, but the data available are inadequate to permit any definite conclusions. In other parts of the world, there have also been reports of
system outages coincident with UFO sightings. Again, the evidence is
quite unclear as to causal relations. 2
Radio Networks
In many cases radios (in cars, aircraft, and homes) have failed or experienced strong interference during close encounters with UFOs.
Broad-spectrum electromagnetic interference could account for some
of these cases, but what is the source of the interference when it is associated in time and place with the sighting of a typical UFO?
Aircraft sightings that involve E-M effects are a special case. 3 The
effects on aircraft associated with UFO sightings tend to be confined
to radio interference, malfunctioning navigational instruments, and,
occasionally, engines that run roughly but do not fail.
Table 2 presents a representative sample of electromagnetic effects
on surface vehicles that happened during sightings of typical UFOs.
(A much larger sample of cases could be cited for the years 1967,
1968, and 1973, each of which had an extraordinary number of vehicle encounter and E-M effect cases.)
TABLE 2. E-M EFFECTS: SURFACE VEHICLES
(E = engine; R = radio; L = lights)
Date & ID Time Effects Features
May 10, 1964 9:30P.M. E,L Light beam, landed craft,
La Rioja, Argentina humming noise, physical
van traces (see section VI)
December 21, 1964 5:00P.M. E Cone-shaped object crossed
Staunton, VA road, landed, sound heard,
van radioactivity detected
(see section I)
janusary 14, 1965 10:00 P.M. E,R,L Luminous object hovering,
Wilmot, NH humming sound; electric
car power returned when object
sped away'
january 23, 1965 8:40A.M. E Mushroom-shaped object
Williamsburg, VA hovering near ground,
car sound like vacuum
cleaner'
August 4, 1965 1:30 A.M. L Domed-disc swooped over
Abilene, KS truck, landed on road,
diesel truck blocked passage (see
section VI)
August 18, 1965 E,R Top-shaped object with
Noblesville, IN dome, body lights, hovered
car over car
September 14, 1965 1:00 A.M. E,L Glowing blue-domed disc,
Langenhoe, buzzing sound; paralysis
Essex, UK and shock (see section
motorbike IV)
Date&: ID Time Effects Features
December 20, 1965 11:45 P.M. E,L Disc with dome hovered
Herman, MN just above road, whistling
truck sound; truck thrown off
road'
March 23, 1966 11:50 P.M. R,L Landed ellipse with body
Bangor, ME lights, humming sound"
car
June 19, 1966 9:45P.M. E,L Bright, glowing object
Nha Trang, illuminated terrain; wide
Vietnam spread electrical failures (see
aircraft, trucks section II)
October 15, 1966 4:30A.M. E,L Disc-shaped object,
Split Rock Pond, NJ effects associated with
car light; extreme
physiological effects
(see section I)
November 30, 1966 5:55P.M. E,L Ellipse approached car,
Taylorsville, IN buzzing sound heard'
car
January 20, 1967 6:30P.M. E,R,L Inverted-bowl-shaped UFO
Methuen, MA moving slowly, accelerated10
car
March?, 1967 11:00 P.M. E,R,L Luminous inverted-bowl
Dry Creek Basin, CO shaped object moving
car slowly, accelerated"
March 8, 1967 1:05 A.M. E,R,L Luminous oval hovering,
Leominster, MA rocking, shock felt,
car paralysis (see section VI)
AprilS, 1967 7:20P.M. E,L Round object moved over
Jonestown/ car, sped away; car lifted
Lickdale, PA off road as UFO departed
car (see section VI)
April 12, 1967 8:59P.M. E Bell-shaped object buzzed
Phoenix, AZ car, banked, turned and
car flew away"
Date&: lD Time Effects Features
June 6, 1967 1:30 A.M. E,L Mushroom-shaped object
ltajuba, Brazil buzzed car, humanoid faces
car seen through window"
October 11, 1967 8:00P.M. E,L Oval with dome circled
Aldersyde, car, driver felt cold;
Alberta, Canada engine restarted by itself
car as object departed 1'
October 25, 1967 4:30A.M. E,R,L Domed disc hovered ahead,
Hook, Hampshire, UK driver felt pressure on
truck eardrums 1'
October 30, 1967 9:20P.M. E,L Luminous pulsating
Kulikup, ellipse, forward motion
Australia stopped abruptly 16
car
November 2, 1967 9:30P.M. E Disc with dome above car,
Ririe, ID small beings descended,
car entered car (see section
XII)
November 5-6, 1967 midnight E,R,L Luminous green ellipse
Fordingbridge, to above road, whining sound;
UK 2:30A.M. batteries dead after
truck&: car sighting1'
December 13, 1967 2:00A.M. E,L Dome-shaped object
Edmonton, Alberta, hovering, rocking; heat
Canada felt 1
"
car
April 4, 1968 8:15P.M. E,L Glowing red-orange object
Cochrane, WI hovering, heat and
2 cars "weightlessness" felt 19
May 27, 1968 9:45P.M. E,L Domed disc, green-blue
Punta Gorda, FL glow, below treetop
car height, landed20
July 25, 1968 E Silvery, spinning top near
La Pastora, road, rose quickly, sped
Argentina away; engine restarted by
car by itself' 1
Date & ID Time Effects Features
July 29, 1968 3:15A.M. E,l Object like inverted bowl,
La Atalaya, glowing underside, flew
Argentina low over road, landed"
car
September 1, 1968 3:30A.M. E,l Huge circular object
Mendoza, hovering nearby, three
Argentina small humanoids23
car
November 1, 1968 4:30A.M. E,l Orange disc approached
los Monegros, car, landed, E-M effects,
Spain watches stopped; after UFO
car took off, car and watches
operated normally"
November 22, 1968 8:10P.M. E,R,l Glowing yellow-white oval
Albany, GA ahead of car, light beam
car struck car; color changed
to orange-red as object
flew away"
January 25, 1969 12:30 A.M. E,l Cone-shaped UFO stopped;
Platteville, ll outdoor farm lights also
car went out26
February 20, 1969 3:00P.M. E luminous cigar followed
Norseman, car, rose quickly kicking up
Australia dust and leaves beneath it"
car
March 4, 1969 6:40A.M. R,l luminous red object paced
Atlanta, MO ahead of car, effects
car associated with light beam
from object (see section I)
March 11, 1969 4:45P.M. E Color-changing object
Campinas, hovered in front of car;
Sao Paulo, Brazil witness felt paralysis'"
car
June 19, 1969 12:25 A.M. E,L luminous mushroomDocking!Bircham shaped UFO hovered about
Newton, UK quarter-mile away (see
car section IV)
Date & ID Time Effects Features
January 30, 1970 9:30P.M. L Three shiny ovals hovered
Mrewa, Zimbabwe nearby; headlights stayed off
police car for 10 minutes after UFOs
departed'9
August 13, 1970 10:50 P.M. E,R,L Ellipse approached at low
Haderslav, altitude, heat felt (see
Denmark section V)
police car
May 25, 1971 10:50 P.M. E,R,L Luminous white disc over
Ibstock, car, bright illumination;
Leicestershire, lights dimmed, engine lost
UK power'"
car
August 8, 1971 6:45P.M. E Glowing orange disc lit
Kadina, South area, buzzing sound (see
Australia section VI)
car
September 24, 1971 nighttime E,R Luminous oval with dome
Caleta, Buena, approached car"
Chile
police car
March 10, 1972 9:25P.M. E Ellipse with red light
Eure, Normandy, landed about 200 meters
France away"
car
June 9, 1972 10:30 P.M. E Pulsating yellow oval on
Algodonales, road five meters ahead"
Cadiz, Spain
car
August 21, 1972 2:30A.M. E,L Orange object hovering
Waukesha, WI over treetops, beeping
car sound; radiator boiled
over"
November 30, 1972 11:15 P.M. E,R,L Diamond-shaped object in
Murray Bridge, paddock, "beeping" sounds
South Australia on radio"
car
Date & lD Time Effects Features
January 1, 1973 midnight E Disc with green and red
Osorno, Chile (E) lights flew over car;
car engine restarted by itself
after UFO departed'
February 9, 1973 3:00A.M. E Bright yellow sphere
St. Albans, UK hovered low over road;
car engine restarted by itself
when UFO departed"
April 22, 1973 10:00 P.M. E Four yellow lights as if
Guadalcanal, on one object beside road,
Spain buzzed car, burn marks
car found where UFO first
seen'"
May 22, 1973 3:00A.M. E,R Oval object hovered overltajobi, Brazil head, light beam shone
car onto car, heat felt'
July 21, 1973 9:00P.M. E,R,L E-M effects, paralysis,
Gavignano, cold felt; bright UFO rose
Corsica, France from ground, shot into
car sky; engine restarted by
itself'"
July 27, 1973 2:10A.M. R,L Dome-shaped object at side
Lake Isabella, CA of road; rose and crossed
car overhead"
September 3, 1973 evening R Radio "went berserk,"
Athens, GA silver ellipse landed on
car road, humanoid encounter
(see section XII)
October 17, 1973 7:45P.M. E,L Bluish object landed on
Europa, MS road, creature seen
car (see section XII)
October 19, 1973 8:30P.M. L During humanoid encounter
Draguignan, lights went out, car moved
France off road (see section
car XII)
Date&: lD Time Effects Features
October 20, 1973 1:00 A.M. E,R,L Glowing disc descended
Fort Smith, AR close to car, "computercar like" sound heard"
October 24, 1973 9:00P.M. E,L Oval UFO landed,
Dobson, NC humanoid encounter; engine
car restarted by itself when
being departed"
November 19, 1973 E Orange oval emerged from
Sidrolandia, cloud, hovered near truck;
Brazil small humanoid visible
truck inside craft (see section
XII)
January 7, 1974 8:40P.M. E,R,L Helmet-shaped object with
Warneton, tripod legs on ground
Belgium nearby, shock felt,
car humanoid encounter (see
section XII)
January 24, 1974 4:00P.M. E,R Disc-like object on ground
Aische-en-Rafail, by road; engine restarted
Belgium by itself when UFO left
car (see section VI)
February 14, 1974 4:15A.M. E,L Round orange object, other
Ely, NV UFOs nearby, force felt,
truck lifted off road (see section
VI)
March 21, 1974 2:30A.M. E,L Two descended, one landed;
Valdehijaderos, humanoids in "diving
Salamanca, Spain suits" seen"
diesel truck
February 19, 1975 7:19P.M. E,L Large circular object
Orbak, Denmark over car, heat, prickly
car sensation felt"
May 3, 1975 9:15P.M. E,L Saturn-shaped UFO over
San Antonio, TX truck, beamed light down;
truck Humanoids visible in dome
(see section XII)
Date&: ID Time Effects Features
October 17, 1975 12:30 A.M. E,L UFO with flashing green
Helena, MT lights flew over truck,
cement truck hovered above road ahead;
shone light beam onto
truck"
November 16, 1975 3:00A.M. E Red ellipse hovered about
Curiel, Valladolid, 1-1.5 km away; suddenly
Spain flew away"
car
December 23, 1975 11:00 P.M. E,L Orange disc passed nearby;
Goodridge, MN engine restarted by itself
car when UFO departed'"
April 22, 1976 11:10 P.M. E,R,L Huge orange UFO, figures
Elmwood, WI inside, blue flash, witness
police car stunned, TV interference
June 11, 1976 1:00 A.M. E,L Orange dome-shaped object
Hostun, Drome, hovered over bridge;
France memory loss, appwent car
abduction (see section
Xlll)
March 9, 1977 3:10A.M. E,L Ellipse with red-orange
Nelson, lights approached,
Lancashire, UK hovered, tingling sensation
felt, physiological effects
(see section VI)
June 6, 1977 nighttime E Oval object over two
Yorkshire, UK vehicles, heat felt, mass
displacement'0
June 16, 1977 5:15A.M. E,L Glowing object, van
Middelburg, engulfed in light; buzzing
South Africa sound, engine restarted by
van itself"
July 8, 1977 6:45P.M. E Silver disc with dome,
Jessup, MD windows, moved erratically
tractor around farm, flew away
slowly"
Date & ID Time Effects Features
December 17, 1977 4:00P.M. E Blue-white glowing oval,
Kenyon, Rl windows; one witness
pickup truck and car reported eye irritation."
July 27, 1978 10:45 P.M. E,L Elongated object with
Sheffield flashing lights, close to
Village, OH ground; moved up and
car down, flew away; witness
had trouble restarting
engine"
August 11, 1978 11:00 P.M. E,L Glowing yellow domed disc
Buffalo Shoals, N C passed nearby, hovered,
motorcycle shot straight up, humming
noise"
August 24, 1978 10:00 P.M. E Red-orange object flew in
Ottumwa, lA front of car, windshield
car fogged up; engine
restarted by itself'
August 24, 1978 11:40 P.M. E,R Two orange lights, humming
Ginghamsburg, OH sound, light beam shone
car onto car"
August 30, 1978 11:30 P.M. E Cone-shaped object with
Nisula, Ml body lights flew low
pickup truck overhead'"
September 17, 1978 8:15P.M. E,L Orange domed disc ahead of
Torrita di car illuminated area,
Siena, Italy light beams, humanoid
car encounter, physical traces
(see section XII)
September 26, 1978 12:05 A.M. R,L Disc with dome moved back
Strongsville, OH and forth, heavy static on
car FM radio, headlights out
briefly'
January 5, 1979 6:20A.M. R Three red triangles over
Auburn, MA road; heat, paralysis, physiocar logical effects, car slowed(>!)
Date & lD Time Effects Features
February 5, 1979 9:50P.M. E,R,L Car engulfed in intense
Lawitta, white light, memory loss,
Tasmania dazed driver admitted to
car hospital'
February 8, 1979 9:00P.M. E,L Beehive-shaped object
Liverpool Creek beside road, rose about
Queensland, a meter, light flash6'
Australia
car
May 5, 1979 nighttime E,R Object with portholes,
Pampulhas, blinding red-orange light,
Bela Horizonte, landed within 50 meters63
Brazil
police car
August 1, 1979 1:35 A.M. R White sphere made two
Lewisboro, NY passes, radios failed64
police car
February 11, 1980 11:40 P.M. E,R,L Brilliant orange light in
Council Bluffs, IA field, memory loss,
car physiological effects6'
May 14, 1980 3:30A.M. L Glowing disc shone light
Simpson Cty, MS beam on road, E-M when
car car entered beam66
November 19, 1980 11:45 P.M. R,L Blue beam engulfed car,
Longmont, CO swishing sound, car
car levitated; abduction
(see section XIII)
December 19, 1981 evening E,L Silo-shaped object with
Areal, Brazil three legs landed on road
car ahead of car (see section
VI)
February 19, 1982 8:45P.M. E,L Mushroom-shaped object
Allen, Rio above car, sound, witness
Negro Province, blacked out, physiological
Argentina effects'
car
Date&: lD Time Effects Features
AprillO, 1983 8:20P.M. E,L Luminous object descended,
Ross, OH power failure, animal
two cars reaction, physical traces
(see section I)
October 15, 1983 8:30P.M. E,L Silvery disc passed
Altoona, PA overhead, two wheels
car lifted off road; physiological
effects (see section VI)
December 14, 1984 9:30P.M. E,L Gray ellipse, blinding
Launceston, light from underside,
Northern landed ahead of car; car
Tasmania dragged toward UFO""
car
October 20, 1986 9:30P.M. E,L Bright blue-green oval
Edmonton, paced ahead of car,
Queensland, buzzing sound, forward
Australia motion impeded""
car
january 20, 1990 1:20 A.M. E,L Silvery object, flashing
Boyle, MS blue and green lights,
car paced ahead of car70
March 20, 1990 9:00P.M. R,L UFO approached car,
Carney, OK hovered, red illumination,
car heat felt"
March 19, 1992 3:52A.M. E,R,L Domed object approached,
Haines City, FL green illumination, chill,
car wind felt (see section V)
A study of electromagnetic effect cases by Donald johnson suggests
a distance (proximity) relationship between the UFO and the vehicle
for E-M effects. 72
In a study of E-M effects on automobiles, James M. McCampbell
suggests a hypothesis to account for some of the main features: "The
proximate cause of engine interference ... is ionization of the atmosphere." He suggests that when UFOs ionize the atmosphere, the lu-
minosity and colored halos often seen around them result from the recombination of free electrons with ions of the atmospheric gases. He
also proposes a mechanism to explain the cases in which an engine
restarts by itself after the UFO departs, and includes a table of 27 engine restart cases. 73
McCampbell devotes a chapter to electrical interference cases in
his 1973 book and discusses the possible propulsive power of UFOs.
His "unifying theory" is microwave radiation, which could account
for many of the reported features of UFO sightings (see section IX).
In regard to E-M effects on automobiles, McCampbell argues that microwave radiation could affect (a) headlights, by increasing the resistance of their tungsten filaments; 71 (b) engines, by increasing resistance of the distributor points and suppressing the current in the
primary windings; and (c) batteries, by direct absorption of energy in
the acid and by heating. 75
Environmental Effects
Features illustrated throughout this report include observations of an
altered environment (a sense of vacuum, isolation, absence of ordinary sound, abnormal appearance of surroundings) experienced by
witnesses in close encounter cases. What actually may be involved in
these cases is an alteration of the witness's perceptions. If so, one can
only speculate on the cause. The altered perceptions could be deliberately induced or merely be a side effect of the propulsive forces of
UFOs. We are only beginning to learn about the effects on humans of
exposure to powerful electromagnetic fields. Following are examples
of "altered environment" cases:
January 21, 1977: St. Bernard Parish, LA. 8:45P.M. Bright illumination of boat by round, glowing object, abnormal silence, heat, boat
held back as if by invisible force, light beam, time loss (see section VI).
July 6, 1978: Mendoza, Argentina. 9:00P.M. Man and son driving,
car levitated, engine stopped, altered appearance of environment, very
cold. Unfamiliar illuminated five-lane highway with very tall buildings. Next memory found them 9 kilometers (5.4 miles) away from
where they had been, headed in the opposite direction (see section
XIII).
September 21, 1979: Sztum, Poland. 9:00A.M. Two men saw object
descend, became enveloped in dense white "fog," bright illumination,
squeaking or high-frequency sound. Altered environment, strange visual and audible perceptions, space-time distortion (see section XIII).
Well-established effects on the environment that have been associated with UFO sightings include (l) physical traces; (2) physiological
effects on human witnesses; (3) mass displacement and/or inertial effects on objects or vehicles; and ( 4) animal reactions.
Physical Traces
Cases in which UFOs were reported to have left traces on the ground,
crushed or damaged foliage, or otherwise made some lasting imprint
on the environment were not numerous in the early years. The 1954
European wave included some physical trace cases, and there was a
scattering of reports after that. However, cases of this type increased
markedly after 1963.
After a lull of six years, sightings began picking up in 1964 and
1965. This was followed by the massive sighting wave of 1966-1967
(see section VIII). During these years physical trace cases became
commonplace. Imprints often were found in the ground that corresponded to legs or landing gear observed on the apparent craft. Instances of scorched, depressed, or damaged foliage at landing sites
multiplied.
In the weeks following the Socorro, NM, landing (see section V),
several other reports were made of landings with physical traces. On
April 30, 1964, in Canyon Ferry, MT, five youngsters saw a glowing
white oval object descend and land, remaining on the ground for a
few seconds. The object took off slowly at first, then sped away to the
south at an upward angle of 30-45 degrees emitting a whooshing or
whirring sound.
Four indentations about 13-14 feet apart, 9-16 inches in diameter,
and 5-8 inches deep were found at the site, along with a 3- to 4-foot
burned patch slightly off center. The case was written off as a hoax by
the Air Force because it resembled Socorro and was assumed to be a
"copycat case."
Table 3 lists a sample of physical trace cases from 1964 through
1993.
TABLE 3. PHYSICAL TRACE CASES
Date &: Location
April 24, 1964
Socorro, NM
UFO Type &: Description
Ellipse with legs on ground, two humanoids
next to object; leg imprints, scorched foliage (see
section V)
262
Date & Location
April24, 1964
La Madera, NM
April30, 1964
Canyon Ferry, MT
May 5, 1964
Comstock, MN
May 10, 1964
La Rioja,
Argentina
May 19, 1964
Hubbard, OR
February 3, 1965
Christchurch,
New Zealand
March 15, 1965
Everglades, FL
May 24, 1965
Mackay,
Australia
July 1, 1965
Valensole,
France
August 19, 1965
Cherry Creek, NY
August 19, 1965
Mt. Airy, NC
September 16, 195
Pretoria,
South Africa
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
UFO Type & Description
Cylindrical object observed; four imprints, other
markings found'
Glowing white oval landed; indentations, burned
area found'
Glowing oval on ground, rose into clouds; small
holes around central hole in ground'
Domed disc rose from ground; 10-meter area of
scorched foliage at landing site
Rectangular, silvery object with legs on ground,
took off with beeping sound; flattened wheat,
three imprints'
Large UFO ascended from beach with
"whistling" noise; flattened grass at site
Cone-shaped UFO hovered, witness injured by
light beam; circle of scorched sawgrass, damaged
foliage at site (see section I)
Saucer-shaped object with legs, body lights; circular impression, scorched foliage (see case
summary below)
Elliptical object with four legs on ground,
humanoid being emerged; craft took off with
whistling sound, imprints found (see section
XII)
Silvery elliptical object landed, E-M effects;
animal reactions, physical traces found (see
section I)
Bright cigar-shaped object hovered; ring
depression, tree damage found'
Domed disc on highway, took off with flame
exhaust; road surface scorched, damaged (see
section V)
Special Evidence
Date &: Location
November 29, 1965
Spring Hill,
Nova Scotia,
Canada
February 6, 1966
Aluche, Madrid,
Spain
March 24, 1966
Cook, MN
April23, 1966
Yorktown, lA
September 13, 1966
Gwinner, ND
February 11, 1967
Milford, OH
March 21, 1967
New Baden, IL
April21, 1967
South Hill, VA
May 7, 1967
Edmonton,
Alberta,
Canada
May 31, 1967
Beausejour,
Manitoba,
Canada
june 1, 1967
Santa Monica,
Madrid, Spain
UFO Type&: Description
UFO with dome and portholes descended;
snow blown away, bushes flattened"
263
Luminous orange disc with three legs landed;
three rectangular imprints, burned grass at site
Oval object with dome landed; scrape marks,
melted snow found10
Cigar-shaped object on ground, cattle bolted;
circular imprints found"
Domed ellipse with legs hovered near ground,
took off with whirring sound; imprints, burn
marks at site"
Glowing oval hovered low above creek bed;
splintered tree limbs and twigs found11
Glowing disc on ground; holes, stains, large
area of dehydrated foliage at site"
Vertical cylinder with legs on road, took off with
blast of flame; burned area on road, imprints in
square"
Disc like two bowls rim to rim hovered low,
whistling sound, light beam; charring, physical
markings found'"
Object illuminating ground in red light, landed;
large area of flames, radioactive traces at site"
Yellow-orange disc with three legs, windows,
landed; three holes, ~urned grass at site
264
Date &: Location
August 4, 1967
Philpot, KY
August 23, 1967
joyceville,
Ontario, Canda
August 26, 1968
Needham, AL
August 26, 1968
Gleeson, CO
May 11, 1969
Pembroke, Ontario,
Canada
july 13, 1969
Vinton, lA
November 2, 1971
Delphos, KS
April6, 1973
Ellsinore, MO
june 28, 1973
Columbia, MO
july 7, 1974
Mount Pleasant,
Ontario, Canada
September 1, 1974
Langenburg,
Saskatchewan,
Canada
March 22, 1975
Nebo, Queensland,
Australia
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
UFO Type &: Description
Cylindrical object took off straight up emitting
flame, leveled off, flew away; 20-foot diameter
scorched area found19
Disc with three legs, humanoid beings; burn
marks, indentations at site (see section XII)
Bright oval with three luminous bands on road:
scraped, burned area at landing point20
Two discs atop a mountain peak; scorched
plants and grass found at site"
Dome-shaped object with blinding light, on
or near ground; scorch marks, leg-like
imprints"
Black, metallic object over soybean field;
15-foot diameter circular burned area at site"
Blindingly bright mushroom-shaped object;
luminous ring, physical traces at site (see
section I)
Disc with dome, portholes, legs, landed; three
holes in triangle pattern, damaged foliage"
Brightly illuminated object landed, light beams,
physical traces, animal reactions (see section I)
Shiny dome-shaped object in tobacco field;
30-foot-diameter area of plants flattened,
wilted and burned"
Five dome-shaped objects rotating, swirling
grass, took off upwards; five rings of depressed
grass found in field (see section I)
UFO with flashing lights hovered near
ground; three oval, one rectangular imprints
in ground26
Special Evidence
Date &: Location
July 31, 1975
Loxton,
South Africa
September 10, 1976
Colusa, CA
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
September 2, 1978
San Michele,
Italy
September 17, 1978
Torrita di
Siena, Italy
September 18, 1978
Melaria, Porto
Nogaro district, Italy
December 22, 1978
Naples, Italy
May 1, 1979
Vizcacheras,
Argentina
September 30, 1980
Rosedale,
Australia
January 8, 1981
Trans-enProvence,
France
April 10, 1983
Ross, OH
265
UFO Type &: Description
Oval object on legs, humanoids visible inside;
30-foot circle, leg imprints found, physiological
effects (see section XII)
Disc with dome maneuvered around area;
E-M effects, damaged foliage (see section I)
Disc hovered over barnyard, physiological
effects; extensive traces at site (see section VI)
Cigar-shaped object took off from maize field;
crushed, dehydrated plants at site (see section
VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Domed disc with vari-colored light beams just
above road, humanoid encounter; scorched
circles on road (see section XII)
Domed disc with legs on ground; circular
imprints (see section XII)
Dark domed object hovered above power lines;
triangular imprint at site (see section VIII, 1978
Sighting Wave)
Luminous object observed landing; large circle of
petrified sand found at site"
Top-shaped object with body lights landed, took
off with explosive sound showering debris down;
black ring at site, water missing from tank (see
section I)
Metallic-appearing disc landed, took off, sped
away; concentric circular impressions, plant
damage (see section I)
Brightly illuminated object landed in field; circular imprint, burnt spot in field (see section I)
266
Date &: Location
December 14, 1984
Launceston,
Northern Tasmania
CASE SUMMARY
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
UFO Type&: Description
Ellipse with brilliant light landed on road ahead
of car, E-M effects; road surface melted at
landing spot'"
A meaningful physical trace case involves a close observational link
between a UFO and the site of the physical evidence. Example:
May 24, 1965: Mackay, Australia. 12:05 A.M. james W Tilse, airline
pilot and hotel owner, was standing outdoors with Ericjuden, a hotel
guest, and john Burgess, a truck driver at Tilse's Retreat Hotel, when
they noticed a structured object with lights on or just above a distant
ridge. It was circular, "like an upturned saucer," dark on top, and had
three triangular legs. To Tilse it appeared to be a "well-defined machine, solid and metallic." It had bright lights that pulsated continuously at the top of each leg. Around the main body was a string of
about 30 lights. The undersides of trees near the object were illuminated by the lights.
When the object took off and moved up over the treetops in the direction of the witnesses, Tilse called the Mackay police department.
The object remained visible for about 20 minutes, then rose quickly
and disappeared to the northeast. The next day a circular ring impression was found at the site on the ridge and was measured by local
police. The inside diameter of the ring was 20 feet (6 meters) in a perfect circle. The ring itself was a little over three feet (about one meter)
wide. Constable B. Self of the Nebo police department confirmed that
the treetops and grass near the hotel were scorched. 29
Physiological Effects
The first widespread physiological effects in connection with UFOs
were reported during the fall1954 sighting wave in France, and again
during t~e November 1957 wave in the United States (see section
VIII). Close encounter witnesses in 1954 reported feeling a prickling
sensation, like an electric shock, and sometimes paralysis, almost always coinciding with electromagnetic failures in vehicles. In 1957, reports of reddened skin, burns, and eye problems began to surface. 1 All
of these symptoms and more have been reported in the years since
then, and they offer avenues for scientific investigation. 2

Table 4, physiological effect cases, indicates the variety and frequency of such reports.
TABLE 4. PHYSIOLOGICAL EFFECT CASES
Date & Location Description Effects
january 19, 1965 Humanoid beings emerged Witness paralyzed (see
Brand's Flats, VA from cone-shaped UFO section XU)
March 15, 1965 Hovering conical UFO, Lost consciousness, eye
Everglades, FL light beam struck damage (see section (I)
forehead
july 1, 1965 Elliptical UFO landed, Witness paralyzed when
Valensole, humanoid encounter being pointed device at
France him (see section Vlll)
September 3, 1965 Elongated UFO lit area, Skin lesion healed
Damon, TX heat felt rapidly (see section I)
September 14, 1965 Domed disc, hum, E-M Paralysis, strong
Langenhoe, effects static electricity next
Essex, UK day (see section IV)
january 20, 1966 Oval object with Motorist paralyzed'
Katanning, blinding yellow light
N.S.W, hovered, sound like
Australia swarming bees
October 15, 1966 Disc-shaped object Fatigue, muscular
Split Rock Pond, illuminated car, E-M soreness for months
NJ effects (see section I)
February 21, 1967 Orange-yellow spheroid Skin condition cleared
Toledo, OH hovered, light beam, up'
effects
March 5, 1967 V-shaped object over Motorist felt numb'
Hayes, SO car, ground illuminated,
humming sound
March 8, 1967 Luminous oval hovered, Witness felt shock,
Leominster, MA whirring sound, E-M paralysis (see section
effects VI)
268
Date & Location
April 5, 1967
Jonestown/Lickdale,
PA
May 1, 1967
Peel Tree, WV
May 3, 1967
Philadelphia, PA
May 20, 1967
Falcon Lake,
Manitoba,
Canada
October 25, 1967
Hook,
Hampshire, UK
May 29, 1968
Mosinee, WI
March 6, 1969
Lancaster, MO
June 19, 1969
Docking!Bircham
Newton, UK
January 7, 1970
Imjarvi,
Finland
October 29, 1970
Hell eland,
Norway
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Disc passed over car,
E-M effects
Ellipse hovered near
car, heat, E-M effects
Disc low ahead of car,
shot straight up into
overcast
Landed UFO, violet
light, rushing air
sound, heat
Disc hovering over
road, E-M effects
Blindingly bright disc
at low altitude, dogs
barked, E-M effects
Domed disc, light beam
onto road, vehicle
slowed when passed
through beam, dog reacted
E-M effects, mushroomshaped object, orange
glow
Humanoid encounter,
sound, light beam
Shiny disc, blinding
bluish light
Effects
Skin peeled off face
and hands (see
section VI)
Motorist experienced
headaches, vision
loss6
Motorist experienced
severe jawache'
Burns, weight loss,
vomiting (see section
VI)
Motorist felt pressure
on eardrums8
Witness felt pressure
on eardrums
Motorist's eyes
irritated for three
days (see section I)
Static electricity,
hair stood up (see
section IV)
Paralysis, extensive
swelling, headaches,
other aftereffects
(see section XII)
Windshield shattered,
eyes bloodshot and
light sensitive (see
section VI)
Date & Location Description Effects
November 2, 1971 Mushroom-shaped UFO Eyes hurt for days
Delphos, KS near ground, blinding (see section I)
light, animal reaction,
physical traces
July 16, 1972 UFO illuminated road, Numbness, itching in
Arroyito, time distortions small circular area of
Argentina back for four days'0
August 12, 1972 Elongated object near Witnesses felt heat,
Taize, France ground, light beams tingling sensation
(see section VI)
February 14, 1975 Domed disc near ground, Heat, paralysis, shock,
Petite-He, humanoid encounter, eye irritation (see
Reunion, France beeping sound section XII)
July 31, 1975 Oval object with legs, Light beam struck face,
Loxton, occupants visible. nose bleed, vomiting
South Africa (see section XII)
August 29, 1975 Dome-shaped object, Motorist in state of
Muret, blinding illumination, shock, drowsiness,
Haute-Garonne, light beamed onto car vision problem (see
France section VI)
October 17, 1975 UFO with green flashing Eye soreness"
Helena, MT lights over truck, E-M
effects
January 6, 1976 Brilliantly lighted Cramps, burning and
Bethel, MN domed disc low over runny eyes; menstrual
car cycle affected"
January 6, 1976 Disc-shaped object Head pain, burning
Stanford, KY over car, bright light, eyes, skin redness and
abduction swelling, weight loss
(see section XIII)
April 22, 1976 UFO with windows, body Witness stunned,
Elmwood, WI lights, blue flash, E-M briefly unconscious,
effects hospitalized"
270
Date &: Location
April23, 1976
Quixada,
Brazil
january 5, 1977
Nysater,
Varmland,
Sweden
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
February 24, 1977
Langenargen,
Lake Constance,
Germany
March 9, 1977
Nelson, North
Lancashire, UK
September ? , 1977
Parks tone,
Dorset, UK
September 17, 1978
Torrita di
Siena, Italy
january 5, 1979
Auburn, MA
February 5, 1979
Lawitta,
Tasmania
April 2, 1980
Pudasjarvi,
Finland
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Large lighted object,
door opened on bottom,
light beam struck witness
Disc with legs just
above road
Disc hovered, brilliant
illumination, animal
reactions
Elliptical UFOs with
ports, bright
illumination
Brilliant elliptical
object, E-M effects.
Disc with dome, bright
illumination,
aproached and hovered
Orange domed disc,
humanoid encounter
Three glowing red
objects over road,
E-M effects
E-M effects on car,
brilliant illumination
Motorist abduction
Effects
Nausea, diarrhea,
headache"
Truck driver felt
paralyzed"
Electric shock, heat,
paralysis, later skin
irritation (see
section VI)
Paralysis, humanoid
encounter, sleep
disturbance, stomach
ulcer (see section XII)
Tingling sensation,
pressure, headaches,
weeping eye (see
section VI)
Heat, skin irritation
(see section XII)
Burning eyes for three
days (see section XII)
Heat, paralyis, later
facial rash (see case
summary below)
Memory loss, shocked
and dazed, taken to
hospital (see section
XIII)
Small dots on shoulder,
felt fatigued for a
week (see section XIII)
Date &: Location Description Effects
November 19, 1980 E-M effects, abduction Melanoma condition
Longmont, CO improved, witness felt
stronger, more energetic
(see section XIII)
December 29, 1980 Brilliant conical UFO Skin burns, eye damage,
Huffman, TX over road, heat felt hair loss, diarrhea,
vomiting, weight loss,
headaches (see section
VI)
july 31, 1981 Black sphere and lights Paralysis, missing
Lieksa, seen from boat time, disruption of
Finland balance'
September 10, 1981 Luminous object with Paralysis, burn marks
Weston Mill, multi-colored light on hand"
Plymouth, UK beams, green light
struck hand.
December 15, 1981 Blinding light; vague Tingling, blacked out;
Corrientes memory of humanoid hospitalized in state
Province, encounter of confusion, shock,
Argentina disorientation (see
section XIII)
February 19, 1982 Dome-like UFO, E-M Burning sensation,
Allen, Rio effects, "electronic" blacked out, sent to
Negro Province, sound hospital with memory
Argentina loss, burns'"
October 15, 1983 Silvery disc over car, Hearing loss; shoulder,
Altoona, PA mass displacement chest, spinal problems;
headaches (see section
VI)
September 15, 1985 Disc with portholes Family tired and weak
Bagshot Heath, paced car, bright for several days'
Surrey, UK illumination
February 28, 1986 Oval UFO with body Eye pain and itchiness,
New Castle, PA lights, bright glow, severe headaches'0
over house
272
Date &: Location
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
CASE SUMMARY
Description
Silvery oval, blinding
light, humming sound
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Effects
Dizziness, muscle
aches, vision problems,
ears red and painful,
hearing impairment
(see section V)
At 6:20A.M., while driving to her parents' home near Auburn, MA, on
January 5, 1979, Anmarie Emery saw three red, glowing, triangular
objects over woods to the left. Rounding a comer, she was confronted
by three red objects hovering over the road. Her radio failed, and the
car automatically slowed to a stop, with the engine still running. She
felt heat and paralysis and smelled a pungent odor. When another car
approached, the objects accelerated upward one at a time and disappeared. Her radio then began working again. Emery had a mild rash
or heat effects around her eyes and nose next day. 21
Mass Displacement/Inertial Effects
A category of UFO reports that was first identified and labeled by the
late Dr. James E. McDonald comprises cases in which physical objects
(usually vehicles) were lifted and moved to a new location during a
UFO encounter. He termed these "mass displacement" cases. The implication was that some exterior force associated with the UFO caused
the object to be displaced. Other cases that may be related to this concept have been added here. Not only have vehicles (and inert objects)
been displaced during UFO sightings, but the forward progress of vehicles also has been impeded in a way highly suggestive of the application of exterior forces.
Central to these cases is the fact that the witness, usually the driver
of the vehicle, saw a typical UFO and experienced the displacement
simultaneously. These reports suggest that UFOs operate on some
electromagnetidgravitic principle that is on the borderline of our understanding. The anecdotal evidence tends to support the notion that
the objects may be advanced-technology craft from elsewhere. Table 5
summarizes examples of reports of this type.

TABLE 5. MASS DISPLACEMENT/INERTIAL EFFECT CASES
Date/Location Description Effects
December 20, 1965 Domed disc E-M effects on truck;
Herman, MN truck thrown off road'
11:45 P.M.
March 31, 1966 Structured UFO Car buffeted violently
Vicksburg, Ml with body lights (see section VI)
2:00A.M. blocked road
April 1, 1966 Luminous green E-M effects on truck,
Concepcion del object surrounded which slowed and
Uruguay, by haze overturned'
Argentina
night
January 3, 1967 Mushroom-shaped UFO Forward motion
New Richmond, IN hovered over car, slowed, unable to ac2:00A.M. road brightly celerate, loss of steerilluminated ing (see section VI)
March 21, 1967 Brilliantly lighted Vehicle rocked
Hillsboro, KS domed object over violently, engine
evening car failed'
April 5, 1967 Round object moved Car lifted off road and
Jonestown! over car, tilted, moved four feet as UFO
Lickdale, PA flashed blue light departed (see section
7:20P.M. VI)
September 21, 1967 Round luminous Car "reared" (see
Barcelona, Spain UFO on ground, section XII)
no time reported humanoid encounter
October 27, 1967 Revolving object Car began steering
Parshall, ND rose from ground hard, riding roughly
3:00A.M. (see section V)
October 31, 1967 Blue ellipse beamed E-M effects, forward
Kulikup, near light onto car motion abruptly halted'
Boyup Brook,
Australia
9:20P.M.
274
Date/Location
November 2, 1967
Ririe, ID
9:30P.M.
March 4, 1968
Syracuse, NY
no time reported
June 29, 1968
San Luiz de
Palmer,
Argentina
March 6, 1969
Lancaster, MO
11:00 A.M.
September 25, 1971
ltaperuna, Brazil
2:00A.M.
July 10, 1972
Alcaracejos,
Cordoba, Spain
October 16, 1973
Hattiesburg, MS
4:00A.M.
October 17, 1973
Crooked Mt., PA
October 19, 1973
Draguignan,
France
8:30P.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Hovering disc,
humanoid encounter
UFO, multi-colored
flashing lights,
passed in front of
car
Disc-shaped object
buzzed car, bright
orange light
Car entered beam of
light during UFO
encounter
Glowing red object
on road ahead,
humanoid
encounter
Rotating object
hovering nearby,
directed light beam
at car
Luminous object
landed on top of
car
Circular object,
rotating lights,
hovered over car
E-M effects on car,
humanoid encounter
Effects
Car was moved off road
into field (see section
XII)
Car slowed almost to
stop, witness felt sluggish, immobile until
UFO departed'
Car shook violently,
gearshift went into
reverse, car moved
backwards (see case
summary below)
Forward motion
slowed, unable to accelerate until car exited
beam (see section I)
Car went out of
control, slowed and
stopped (see section
XII)
Car slowed though
driver had not removed
foot from accelerator
(see case summary
below)
Doors flew open, then
closed again; driver felt
weight lifted off as
UFO departed
Car suddenly spun 180
degrees though driver
had not turned steering
wheel'
Car thrown off road
then returned without
driver turning wheel
(see section XII)
Date/Location Description Effects
February 14, 1974 Highway encounter Buffeting force felt,
Ely, NV with several UFOs E-M effects, truck lifted
4:15A.M. off road (see section
VI)
March 23, 1974 Luminous object Car slowed almost to
Sanlucar de rose as car neared stop, wavered back and
Barremeda, Spain forth (see section VIII,
3:00A.M. 1973 Sighting Wave)
May 31, 1974 Highway encounter, Car levitated above
Umvuma, humanoid, possible road"
Rhodesia abduction
early A.M.
May 3, 1975 Aircraft surrounded Vibration, jolt felt;
Lake by three discs plane lifted (see
Tequesquitengo, section III)
Mexico
1:34 P.M.
May 3, 1975 Saturn-shaped UFO, Truck severely
San Antonio, TX dome, humanoids, buffeted (see section
9:15P.M. light down XII)
January 6, 1976 Disc illuminated Steering control loss,
Stanford, KY car with blue light altered environment,
11:15 P.M. beam abduction (see section
XIII)
January 21, 1977 Glowing object Heat, abnormal silence,
St. Bernard illuminated boat forward motion imParish, LA peded;boatsurged
8:45P.M. forward as UFO departed (see section VI)
june 6, 1977 Oval object near Heat felt, both vehicles
Yorkshire, UK motorcycle and car lost power, dragged
night along road
August 3, 1977 Round orange-red Car lost power; later
Thaxted, UFOs hovered off suddenly surged
North Essex, UK road forward (see case
3:30A.M. summary below)
Date/location Description Effects
july 27, 1978 Brilliant lighted Rear end lifted off road,
Union, MO object approached control lost (see case
12:45 A.M. car from behind summary below)
September 23, 1978 Brilliant yellow Car lifted off road,
Buenos Aires UFO approached altered environment
Province, car (see section VI)
Argentina
3:00A.M.
january 5, 1979 Three red, glowing Car slowed to stop
Auburn, MA triangles in front engine still running;
6:20A.M. of car physiological effects
(see case summary
above)
june 12, 1981 Domed disc hovered Forward motion
Alice, TX over vacuum truck slowed, truck lifted off
2:10P.M. road, water missing
(see case summary
below)
October 15, 1983 Silvery disc passed Right wheels lifted off
Altoona, PA over car road, car dropped
8:30P.M. heavily back onto road,
engine stalled (see
section VI)
December 14, 1984 Gray ellipse ahead E-M effects, car
Launceston, of car dragged toward UF0'0
North Tasmania
9:30P.M.
October 20, 1986 Blue-green oval Engine lost power, car
Edmonton, ahead of car moved sluggishly,
Queensland, pulled to right; E-M
Australia effects"
9:30P.M.
january 20, 1988 Oval object buzzed Car lifted off road,
Mundrabilla, car various anomalous
Western Australia phenomena (see
4:00A.M. section VI)

CASE SUMMARIES
January 29, 1968: San Luiz de Palmer, Argentina. Eduardo Sanchez
Aguilar, Pablo Pastor Ortega, and Damian Vega, driving along National Highway No. 5, saw a flat, circular object emitting a bright orange light. As the UFO passed nearby, the car shook violently, and the
gearshift went into reverse, moving the car backward. The motion
stopped when the UFO departed.' 2
July 10, 1972; Alcaracejos, Cordoba, Spain. Rafael Aranda, a young
salesman, was driving his Renault-8 at 90-100 kmlhr (55-60 mph) on
a back road approaching Alcaracejos when suddenly the car slowed
down. He pushed the accelerator to the floor, but could not make the
car go any faster than about 70-80 kmlhr (40-50 mph). Then he became aware of a bright light in the sky like "a great white light bulb,"
directing a beam of light toward the car. The luminous object, about
1-1.5 meters (3-5 feet) in diameter, was rotating in a clockwise direction and moved on or near the ground to the right of the highway,
partly concealed by oak trees.
As Aranda continued to drive, he finally lost sight of the object,
and his car began functioning normally. The next day he took the car
to the Renault dealer in Cordoba for an examination, but mechanics
could find no explanation for the loss of power. 13
August 3, 1977: Thaxted, North Essex, UK Mike Stevens, 24, a
postman and musician, was driving home on road Al30 from Cambridge to Chelmsford after a recording session. He was driving a rental
car, a three-month-old Vauxhall Chevette-E. When he noticed a redorange glow off the road, he stopped to investigate, leaving his motor
idling. Then he saw two orange-red objects hovering about 300-400
yards (270-360 meters) away, about 50 feet (15 meters) off the
ground. The more distant object on the left was oval-shaped. The
closer object had a circular center and some visible structural features.
As he watched, the closer object moved up, then back down to its
original position, its color deepening, then began moving slowly toward him. Concerned, he put the car in gear and began driving away.
As he topped a hill and started down the other side, he shifted into
fourth gear, but the car would not accelerate beyond 35 mph (56
km!hr). Otherwise it seemed to be running normally. After continuing like this for about 400 yards (360 meters), the car suddenly surged
forward in full power, accelerating to over 50 mph (80 kmlhr), forcing Stevens to jam on the brakes.
At Chelmsford, Stevens went directly to the police station to report
the incident. An investigation at the site turned up no other evidence.
The rental car was examined and road tested, and no abnormalities or
operating problems were found. t+
july 27, 1978: Union, MO 12:25 A.M. Mrs. Clora E. Winscher had
been visiting her brother in Beauford, MO, and had started driving
home to Arnold, Missouri. She was driving a 1974 four-door Mercury
Comet. As the car was traveling east on Highway 50 at about 45 mph
(72 krn/h), approaching the Union city limits, she noticed in her
rearview mirror a blindingly bright light approaching from behind at
high speed. There was a sharp rear-end impact, and the rear wheels
raised off the road so that the car was tilted forward. A beam of light
illuminated the highway ahead of her car.
Her vehicle was out of control, weaving from side to side as she
fought to avoid running off the road. As if a force were abruptly released, the car suddenly leveled off, and the wheels were back on the
road. At this moment she could see the light rise up over the roof of
the car and disappear upward to the left. After stopping to regain her
composure, Mrs. Winscher continued home and reported the incident
to police. She and the Union police both saw two indentations about
22 inches (55 em) apart on the top edge of the trunk lid. 15
june 12, 1981: Alice, TX. 2:10P.M. Robert Gomez, a vacuum truck
driver, saw a brilliant white domed disc hovering in the sky, a dark
ring around its center. The truck slowed, apparently lifted just off the
road, and the radio stopped playing. After the object disappeared into
clouds, everything returned to normal. Later Gomez discovered that
about 165 gallons (630 liters) of water were missing from the tank. 16
(Note: Alice is an oil, cotton, and agricultural town in South Texas.)
Animal Reactions
Beginning with the earliest sightings of UFOs in this century, witnesses have reported effects on pet animals and livestock that occurred during the sightings. Animal reaction cases provide an opportunity to obtain scientific evidence about UFOs if they can be
documented properly. Both the behavior and nervous system physiology of animals has been thoroughly studied. Also, pet owners and
farmers tend to know what are normal behavior and routine medical
symptoms for their animals.
When unusual or extraordinary symptoms are reported whose onset
coincides with a UFO sighting (especially a close-range sighting), these
cases deserve careful study. If a cause-and-effect relationship can be reasonably assumed, the precise physiological effects might be identified by
veterinarians. This probably would provide clues to the nature of UFOs.
A preliminary catalogue of 232 animal reaction cases through 1974
was published by the Center for UFO Studies. 1 The author stated,
"When the distinct possibility of extracting data of UFOs is considered, it is imperative to pursue animal cases, both past and current, as
a source of information."
Table 6 lists a sample of animal effect cases since 1963. 2
TABLE 6. ANIMAL REACTION CASES
Date/Location
March 15, 1965
Everglades, FL
July 19, 1965
Vaucluse, N.S.W.,
Australia
July 27, 1965
Carnaravon,
Western Australia
August 19, 1965
Cherry Creek, NY
September 3, 1965
Exeter, NH
March 16, 1966
Eliot, ME
April23, 1966
Yorktown, lA
February 22, 1967
Milton, IN
March 4, 1967
Sandwich, NH
March 7, 1967
Elgin, IL
Description
Cone hovered low, light beamed at witness,
physiological effects and physical evidence,
hunting dogs howled (see section I)
Landed UFO, loud barking by dogs, unusual
environmental silence (see section IV)
Oval UFO dove at car, dog cowered, hackles
up'
Landed elliptical UFO, bull bellowed and
bent steel bar (see section I)
Low-level elliptical UFO, dogs howled,
horses neighed and kicked (see section V)
Pulsating, beeping UFO, dogs barked
Elongated UFO landed, cattle bolted'
Disc at low level, dogs reacted strongly'
Disc followed car at low level,
dog highly agitated, hair bristled'
Disc descended into woods, cast two
light beams into car, dog agitated, bristled"
280
Date/location
March 21, 1967
Homer,AK
Aprill7, 1967
New Haven, WV
April22, 1967
Elizabeth, IL
April 22, 1967
LaPoint, UT
july 25, 1967
Garrison, ND
August 31, 1967
Cussac, France
October 26, 1967
South Dorset, UK
November 2, 1967
Ririe, lD
February 4, 1968
Redlands, CA
February 19, 1968
Bengough, Saskatchewan
Canada
May 29, 1968
Mosinee, WI
July 30, 1968
Claremont, NH
November 20, 1968
Hanbury, UK
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
UFO with windows, whirring sound, cows
reacted strongly
UFO with windows, light beams, German
shepherds barked and howled, one broke
its chain10
UFO hovering at low altitude, sped away, dog
and cattle reactedn
Red ellipse landed, dogs barked12
Glowing UFO hovered, dog whining and
agitated, cattle nervous (see section VI)
Humanoid beings with craft, cows agitated
during sighting (see section XII)
Circular object with projecting arms hovered,
climbed away rapidly; two dogs with witness
extremely distraught during sighting13
Disc with dome, humanoids, dogs frightened,
cattle stampeded (see section XII)
Barking dogs, unusual sound, attracted
attention to round UFO with portholes
(see section VI)
Domed disc maneuvered around farm,
high-pitched sound, dog cowered in snow,
cattle bolted (see section I)
Blindingly bright UFO hovered at low altitude,
E-M effects, dogs barked furiously (see section
VI)
Disc hovered near ground, humming sound,
dog whined loudly as object departed (see
section I)
Domed disc with windows, humanoid figures,
took off from field, rabbits fled. (see section VI)
Special Evidence
Date/Location
November 25, 1968
Marcellus, NY
March 6, 1969
Lancaster, MO
November 2, 1971
Delphos, KS
June 28, 1973
Columbia, MO
October 19, 1973
Goshen, OH
October 19, 1973
Copeland, NC
September 1, 1974
Langenburg,
Saskatchewan, Canada
October 17, 1974
Maitland, N.S.W.,
Australia
September 30, 1975
Corning, CA
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
August 11, 1978
Roosevelt, UT
September 1, 1978
Llanerchymedd,
Anglesey, Wales
January 3, 1979
Mindalore,
South Africa
Description
UFO ahead of car, E-M effects, English
Setter cried, clawed, covered eyes and ears"
281
Domed disc, light beamed down to road,
Saint Bernard barked, bristled, tried to climb
under seat (see section I)
Brightly luminous object hovered near ground,
sheep agitated, bellowed (see section I)
Oval object near ground, light beams, dogs
strangely quiet (see section I)
Domed disc with legs on ground, humanoids,
dogs reacted strongly (see section XII)
Oval UFO hovered, humanoid being; family
dog frightened, ran away until next day (see
section XII)
Whirling discs in field took off, cattle bellowed
and broke through fence (see section I)
Dogs barked furiously, luminous object
emitted light beams to ground"
Domed disc hovered, bright illumination,
cows fled from area
Disc hovered, bright illumination, cows
panicked, dog howled, later died of
internal injuries (see section VI)
Dome-shaped object, E-M effects, dogs
whined and cried (see section V)
Bright ellipse landed, cows panicked, dogs
barked furiously, three beings seen (see
section XII)
Dogs barked, landed craft, humanoid beings
encountered (see section XII)
282
Date/Location
May 1, 1979
Vizcacheras,
Argentina
March 8, 1980
Wilmington, NC
September 30, 1980
Rosedale, Victoria,
Australia
April10, 1983
Ross, OH
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
April 21, 1989
Crestview, FL
Photographic Cases
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Herd of goats at oil field agitated as
luminous object was observed landing"
UFO illuminated car, small dog howled as if
its ears hurt'"
Top-shaped object landed, horses frightened,
galloped around, cattle acted up (see section I)
UFO landed in field, dog barked, growled,
hair bristled (see section I)
Oval with body lights hovered over house,
darted around, dog agitated'
Dogs barked, man saw disc hovering nearby'"
In the original 1964 volume of The UFO Evidence the following principle was stated: "A still photograph purporting to show a UFO is, at
most, approximately as reliable as the person who took it." This principle is still appropriate. Motion pictures, in general, are more difficult
to fake. However, film special effects technology has improved and become more widely accessible with the proliferation of computers. At
the same time the use of video cameras has multiplied.
Thorough and professional evaluation for establishing evidentiary
value of UFO photographs or film footage requires the following six
elements:
l. character assessment of photographer and/or witnesses;
2. "strangeness" (unusual nature vs. likelihood of prosaic explanation);
3. knowledge of camera technical data;
4. direct witness testimony on what was observed and sighting circumstances;
5. analysis of all pertinent information; and
6. peer review of analysis.
Very few photographic cases can be documented that satisfactorily
meet all (or even most) of these requirements. In many or most cases,
the underpinning of the entire case-the character of the photographer-is either unknown or questionable. The stultifying effects of
government secrecy on UFO research also can be seen in militaryrelated photographic cases wherein film and analysis data have been
withheld from public inspection. Some of these cases contain potentially very strong evidence for a real UFO phenomenon.
Because of the proliferation of photographic UFO images and the
difficulties of evaluation, no attempt has been made to provide a comprehensive survey of what has been reported since 1963. Instead, a
sample of interesting and sometimes potentially significant cases is
presented and evaluated. These cases are rated on a scale of 0-5 on
each of the six evaluative factors cited above: 0 = unknown, l = poor
(questionable or inadequate); 2 =fair; 3 =average; 4 =good; 5 =very
good.
The first two digits, corresponding to witness character and sighting "strangeness," represent the best predictors of a potentially significant case. The next four digits represent completeness and adequacy
of investigation and analysis. A hypothetical perfect case would be
(5/5)-(5-5-5-5) = (10)-(20). Any case with low or nonexistent character assessment must be viewed as lacking in probative value, regardless of the other ratings.
The following case histories provide a cross section of photographic UFO evidence, from low-rated to high-rated.
May 28, 1965: Townsville, North Queensland, Australia
An Ansett-A.N.A. airliner was en route from Brisbane, Australia, to
Port Moresby, New Guinea, when it was buzzed by a UFO and photographs were obtained.
Summary: At 3:25 A.M. local time, the plane was abreast of
Bougainville Reef. A flattened spherical object emitting what looked
like exhaust gases suddenly appeared and paced the DC-6B for 10-15
minutes, during which photographs of the object were taken. The
UFO finally accelerated and raced out of sight. The pilot reported the
incident to air traffic controllers. He was diverted back to Brisbane
and flown to Canberra. There "the film was taken from him and I am
told he was instructed to tell no person of this incident." The audiotapes of the conversation with air traffic controllers also were confiscated, and the operator on duty, William Orr, was told to "shut his
mouth" about the incident or face dismissal. 1
Technical data: None
284 The UFO Evidence, Volume Il
Rating: (5/4)-(0-2-0-0) = (9)-(2). Highly credible, incomplete data,
analysis lacking.
August 3, 1965: Santa Ana, CA
A county highway traffic engineer took three Polaroid photos of a
domed-disc UFO, and a fourth of a black "smoke ring" the object left
behind.
Summary: While at work in a county vehicle at 12:37 P.M., Rex
Heflin, Orange County highway inspector, saw a hat-shaped (disc
with dome) object hovering above the road. Grabbing his Polaroid
camera that he normally used to record highway obstructions or other
problems, he took three photographs of the metallic-appearing object,
and a fourth of a black "smoke ring" left behind by the object after it
departed at high speed. He reported seeing a rotating band of light on
the underside of the object (like the sweep of a radar beam).
During the sighting, Heflin twice tried to radio his base, but the radio would not work. (It functioned normally after the object departed.) One of the photographs was published by the Santa Ana Register on September 20, 1965; then the story was picked up by the
national wire services.
August 3, 1965: Santa Ana, CA
Photograph taken through windshield of work van, object crossing from left
lO right (Photo: Ann Druffel, Pasadena, CA).
August 3, 1965: Santa Ana, CA
Photograph taken when UFO tipped, revealing dark underside with thin
radial, ight ray rotating; light confirmed by computer enhancement (Photo:
Ann Druffel, Pasadena, CA).
The Los Angeles Subcommittee of NICAP, headed by Idabel Epperson, investigated all aspects of the case, including a thorough character and background check, on-site investigation and measurements
(by engineer John Gray), and photoanalysis. Both Heflin and the
newspaper cooperated fully in the investigation.
Computer enhancement and other analysis was conducted by
Robert Nathan at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, working with firstgeneration prints and copy negatives made by the newspaper. Among
other things, the analysis established photographic evidence to confirm the "light beam" on the underside of the object. The Air Force released a statement declaring the photographs a hoax, which was
strongly disputed by NICAP.
Attempts to tamper with the evidence and manipulate information
were undertaken by parties unknown. The copy negatives were obtained from Heflin under false pretenses, by someone pretending to be
from the North American Air Defense Command. Years later, Bill
Spaulding of Ground Saucer Watch-using computer enhancement
techniques-reported finding a linelike marking above the object, suggestive of a supporting string, implying that the UFO was hoaxed by
using a small model. However, the alleged "line" clearly was either an
artifact created by multigenerational copying of the photographs or a
deliberately introduced marking to discredit Heflin. No such line was
found in the originals by Nathan, the newspaper, or NICAP analysts.
In 1993, MUFON photoanalystjeffrey Sainio reexamined Spaulding's work and rejected the string hypothesis. 2
Technical data: Polaroid Model101, 114 mm focal length, variable
aperture, built-in light meter, automatic settings; Type 107 black &:
white film, ASA 3000.
Rating: (4/5)-(5-5-5-5) = (9)-(20). A highly credible, thoroughly
investigated case that meets all the criteria for significant evidence of
a real, structured, craftlike UFO.
january 24, 1967: Yorba Linda, CA
A young boy looked out a window and saw a strange object hovering
over houses; he grabbed a cheap camera and snapped a picture.
Summary: Tom_, 14, went upstairs to do his homework on a
dark, rainy afternoon. At 5:25 P.M. he glanced out an upper-story window and saw an object shaped like a top hat apparently hovering over
houses across the street, in a northeasterly direction. (Later analysis
suggested it was much closer.) It appeared very large (about one and
a half times as long as the house), was rounded or cylindrical, of dull
metallic color, and had four legs (three show in the photograph).
The witness ran to another room to get his camera, returned and
snapped a picture of the object, which by then apparently had receded
into the distance. Then he ran downstairs to alert family members. Before they could look out, the object had disappeared. The picture includes the window frame and telephone poles.
Investigators determined that when the object was first seen, its apparent size was 11 inches on a ruler held at arm's length. By the time
the photograph was taken, its apparent size was 1.5 to 2 inches on a
ruler held at arm's length.
Distance measurements were taken at the house, and family members were interviewed. los Angeles photographer joseph Carson
ruled out simple hoaxes (e.g., a small model) and considered it a genuine image, estimating its size at 30+ feet in diameter. William Hamilton, senior photo technician with 20 years' experience, examined the
negative in February 1968 and declared it a "genuine photographic
image" of something possibly large, at least six feet from the camera,
and in sharp focus.
An unnamed commercial photographer conducted densitometer
analysis and found no evidence of a hoax, concluding that the object
was 100 feet or less from the camera. Al Cocking, president of a geodetic survey company, concluded it was an image "of an actual object
at a distance of plus or minus 100 feet away from the camera." 3
Technical data: Sears Roebuck Mark XII $5.00 camera, fixed focus,
january 24, 1967: Yorba Linda, CA
Top hat-shaped UFO filmed by youth (Photo: Ann Druffel, Pasadena, CA).
620 film. Film developed in amateur darkroom of friend.
Rating: (3/3)-(4-5-4-5) = (6)-(18). Good detail, interesting. The
strangeness and value is reduced because of the poor quality of photography, the lack of independent witnesses, and the fact that the object did not display "typical" UFO features or motions. Yet, it remains
a credible report of something unexplained.
August 18, 1968: Cluj, Romania
A couple saw and photographed a silvery disc in daylight.
Summary: About noon, E. B., 45, a technician on a picnic with a female friend , saw a large, round, silver, apparently metallic object fly
overhead at an estimated height of 600 meters (660 yards), moving
from northeast to southwest. The object reversed direction. It was a
clear, sunny day, temperature 36 degrees C. He took three photographs. The pictures look somewhat like the 1965 Heflin photos (see
above). The object finally accelerated and shot upward out of sight.'
Technical data: FED-2 camera with INTERSTAR 2.8lens, 17 DIN film.
Rating: ( 4/4 )-(3-4-0-0) = (8)-(7). Apparently reliable, potentially
good evidence.
April15, 1970: Mar del Plata, Argentina
A news photographer took a clear, daylight photograph of a domed
disc.
Summmy: Raul Galan, a news photographer for La Capital in Mar
Apri/15, 1970: Mar del Plata, Argentina
Photgraph taken by Argentine newsman; note resemblance to 1965 Santa
Ana, CA, photos (Photo: Mutual UFO Network).
del Plata, Argentina, took a photograph at 1:38 P.M. The photo
strongly resembles the 1965 Heflin photos (see above). 5
Technical data: None.
Rating: (3/2)-(0-0-0-0) = (5)-(0). Interesting because of similarity
to earlier photographs, data almost totally lacking.
August 13, 1970: Haderslev, Denmark
Police officer photographed disc-shaped object that approached and
hovered over his patrol car, then sped away vertically.
Summary: Officer Evald Hansen Maarup was driving home in his
police car at 10:50 P.M. when suddenly his car was surrounded by
bluish-white light, and the engine and headlights failed. The light was
so bright that he had to shield his eyes with his arm. He tried to call
the police station on his radio, but it, too, was dead. The interior of
the car began to feel warm. After a time the light beam, conical in
shape, started to recede into the bottom of a disc-shaped object hovering about 20 meters overhead. The beam behaved as if made of
"solid light"; the bottom of the cone was truncated as it moved up
into an aperture in the disc. During the sighting Maarup activated an
automatic camera on the patrol car. Finally the object accelerated
swiftly and disappeared upward. The next day, when the film was developed, there was a spot of light on three exposures.
The photographs were turned over to the Defence Command,
which conducted an investigation. No conventional explanation
could be found. Major Brons-Hanson, press officer of the Danish Air
Force, said of Maarup: "We have the greatest confidence in the police
officer. He is a trained observer, and we do not seek in any way to dismiss this kind of observation. We look for an explanation, and already
we can say for sure that no Air Force aircraft was responsible. "6
Technical data: Fujaxa automatic focus camera, automatic wind,
approximately one exposure per second. Neopan SS film.
Rating: (5/5)-(3-4-0-0) = (10)-(7). Reliable, very promising; analysis results needed.
February 12, 1971: Bastia, Corsica
A family, about to take photographs of its new house, spotted a UFO
in the sky and took three color photographs of it.
Summary: A family from Grenoble, France, had purchased a second
home in Corsica and had just set up a camera on a tripod to take photographs of it at about 7:00 P.M. They saw a strange object in the sky
and took three photographs of it. The object appears to be in front of
some small white clouds in the background, and there are tree lines
as reference points. It appears to be a disc with a dome and superstructure. No information is given about the family. 7
Technical data: None.
Rating: (0/4)-(0-2-0-0) = (4)-(2). Interesting visually, but totally
lacking in data and analysis.
September 4, 1971: Lago de Cote, Costa Rica
A Costa Rican geographic survey plane photographing the terrain obtained an unexplained circular, disclike image below the aircraft.
Summary: A survey plane of the Costa Rican National Geographic
Institute (CRNGI) was taking aerial photographs in the region of
Arenal, Costa Rica. While flying at 10,000 feet (3 km) above Lago de
Cote (a lake) at 8:25A.M. (EDT), the crew exposed frame 300 of a series of photographs of the surface below the aircraft taken about 20
seconds apart. An intriguing circular or disclike image was obtained
of an apparent solid object between the aircraft and the water surface.
The crew, whose identities are known, did not see anything visually. Ground Saucer Watch in Phoenix, AZ, and Dr. Bruce Maccabee
made a preliminary evaluation (mostly favorable) but were unable to
obtain critically important data from CRNGI. Some of the facts were
also garbled in the initial reporting.
In 1985, Dr. Richard E Haines and Dr. Jacques E Vallee obtained a
September 4, 1971: Lago de Cote, Costa Rica
Daylight disc photo taken from aerial survey plane; inset: computer enhancement (Courtesy of Richard F. Haines and Jacques Vallee; this photograph may not be reproduced without prior written approval of R. F. Haines
and J. Vallee).
second-generation negative and positive black and white transparencies for study, along with relevant camera data. Using astronomical
data and geological maps, they determined the angular position of the
sun for the date, time, and location; conducted photogrammetric
analysis; and inspected the film grain at key positions of the photograph. Digital enhancement was performed, with color-coded density
distribution measurements. Their findings, which were critiqued by a
referee, were reponed in the journal of the Society for Scientific Exploration.
"The image was large, in focus, and provided significant detail."
The oval image on the negative measured 4.2 mm. Frames 299 and
301, preceding and following frame 300, contained no other images
of the apparent object. Since the camera was pointed downward, the
maximum distance and size of the object are known. If at 10,000 feet
from the camera (i.e., on the surface), the object's maximum dimension would be 210 meters (693 feet). The image contains light and
dark shading typical of a three-dimensional object reflecting sunlight.
Internal evidence suggests that the object was not moving relative
to the earth background, and that it was not the result of a double exposure or any form of deliberate fabrication. It is concluded to be an
anomalous and presently unexplained image apparently of a disclike,
conical object.
An unsuccessful search was made for a shadow of the object on the
terrain. Such a shadow probably should have been visible if the object
was at some intermediate distance, but not necessarily if the object
was either close to the surface or relatively close to the airplane so that
the shadow would be too diffuse to be easily visible. There was no apparent explanation for why the image has a sharply defined edge on
the side toward the sun, and a fuzzy edge on the opposite side.
In 1990 the authors were able to obtain the original connected negatives of frames 299-301 for further analysis. Additional tests and
careful examination of the film grain confirmed the anomalous nature
of the image. Close inspection revealed some interesting structural
and surface details, including dozens of thin parallel "fingers" of light
emanating from the body of the object outward on the "fuzzy" (less
sharply focused) edge. The details, including a thin dark line and two
dark regions near the center of the disc, are obliquely oriented on an
axis through both edges of the disc.8
Technical data: R-M-K 15/23 camera, fixed focus, 6-inch focal length.
Shutter speed l/500 second at f:5.6. Black and white film, ASA 80 (fine
grain). Negative printed on Kodak Safety aerial film, type 3665.
Rating: (5/3)-(5-5-5-3) = (8)-(13). Very high reliability, unquestionably an authentic photograph. The lack of a visual sighting or any
observed or recorded extraordinary performance reduces the
"strangeness" level. Yet, the evidentiary data is strong and the investigation thorough, resulting in a well-documented and well-investigated anomaly.
February 8, 1973: Conejo, CA
Two youths taking photographs for a class project saw and photographed a rotating disc-shaped object.
Summary: Richard Coimbra and Kurt Huettner, both 15, were taking photographs at 4:45 P.M. when they noticed a disc-shaped object
that remained visible for about 30 seconds until it disappeared behind
trees and clouds. They estimated that it was about 88 feet up and onehalf to three-quarters of a mile away. They obtained one exposure,
which shows a tree line in the foreground.
The image measures almost exactly two millimeters in width. It
shows an apparent disc with dome and bright spot of light on the
underside, with a ratio of 4:1 of length to width. Analysis suggested that
the object was no less than 1,000 feet from the camera, at which distance its diameter would be 18 feet; however, a distance of 2,000 feet
was considered more likely, and the diameter then would be 36 feet.
The report concludes: "The Conejo photograph appears to be authentic. The young men have made a good impression on the investigators who have talked with them. Their story is consistent with the
photographic evidence, and what they have recorded is consistent
with other pictures of UFOs. "9
Technical data: Polaroid "Square Shooter" camera, focal length 114
mm.
Rating: (3/4)-(4-4-3-0) = (7)-(ll). Interesting and well-investigated, but incomplete analysis.
October 17, 1973: Elkhorn, WV
A young man went outdoors at night hoping to photograph a UFO
during the October 1973 sighting wave and obtained an extraordinary
image on film.
Summary: At 9:15P.M. David Bodner, 17, saw something very bright
in the sky to the northwest. The object passed overhead in about 45
to 60 seconds, exhibiting a fluttering motion, and its luminosity pulsated or flashed brightly for about 5 seconds, with a period of about 3
seconds between flashes.
The photograph is consistent with the verbal description. The image measures about 3 mm on the negative, which suggests that it subtended an angle of about 3.5 degrees. It appears to be 120 feet in diameter at a distance of 2,000 feet.
A very similar object, with a blinking light pattern and varying intensity, was photographed in Columbus, OH (170 miles northwest of
Elkhorn) the same night. The object observed by David Bodner approached from that direction. The investigator concludes: "If we can tie
the two photographs together the sighting evaluation could be changed
from Unknown-Significant to Unknown-Great Significance." 10
Technical data: Pentax 35 mm camera, Tri-X film. Shutter set at
"Bulb," lens wide open, focal length 50 mm. Exposure 10-15 seconds.
Camera hand held, some blurring of image probably due to camera
motion.
Rating: (3/4)-(5-4-4-0) = (7)-(13). Well-investigated, potentially
important evidence.
March 23, 1974: Albiosc, France
A color slide purporting to show a UFO was left on the windshield of
a French UFO investigator's car with a note from someone who said
he was a doctor who wished to remain anonymous. He reported the
alleged circumstances of taking the photograph.
Summary: jean Bedet received the note and slide on April14, 1974.
The note said that it was taken on the evening of March 23 while the
doctor was en route home. It shows a red object resembling a domed
disc and four green beamlike extensions, two extending at a downward angle from either extremity of the object.
Bedet's wife and others witnessed a UFO of similar description
about 11:00 P.M. on March 23. The UFO moved up and down and side
to side. The green extensions pointed upward when first seen, then
later downward. Witnesses were shown the slide and identified the
image as exactly what they had seen. 11
Technical data: Canon 35 mm camera with 135 mm 2.8 telephoto
lens.
Rating: (0/4)-(3-2-2-0) = (4)-(7). Interesting, potentially good evidence due to multiple witnesses, critical information lacking.
january 2, 1975: Kauai, HI
Vacationers relaxing on the beach saw and took three photographs of
an unorthodox object strongly resembling one videotaped 14 years
later in japan.
Summary: Michael Lindstrom and his wife, teachers from Minneapolis, were relaxing on the beach. At 2:45 P.M. Mrs. Lindstrom noticed a strange object moving southward over the beach toward them.
She pointed it out to her husband. The object was close enough for
structural details to be visible to the unaided eye. From below it had
a square shape, a black stripe around the center, and slightly domed
top and bottom. It moved at moderate speed and remained in view for
about two minutes. Lindstrom took three pictures.
Detailed analysis of the pictures was performed, showing a series
of five bright dots on the top of the ring. Assuming the cloud height
to be 5,000 feet, the object's slant range was computed to be about
18,100 feet (5,480 meters) and its diameter 33 feet (10 meters). These
are maximum figures. Assuming a lower altitude, the distance and
size would be correspondingly smaller. At an altitude of 1,000 feet
(300 meters), the object's diameter would have been about seven feet
(2 meters). 12
Technical data: Pentax Spotmatic camera, 135 mm focal length. lens,
UV filter, Kodachrome II 35 mm slide film.
Rating: (4/4)-(5-5-5-0) = (8)-{15). Very strong evidence for an
anomalous phenomenon, especially in conjunction with the july 7,
1989, videotape fromjapan.
October 1978: Weather Satellite Photograph
Weather satellite photographs containing an anomalous image were
obtained in October 1978 by James Bounds, Anchorage, AK, from the
weather center at Elmensdorf AFB, where DMSP satellite data are received and processed.
Summary: Dr. Bruce S. Maccabee obtained photographs made from
the original negative for analysis from James Bounds and Terry
Slaughter, Anchorage, AK. He studied data on the DMSP satellite photography system (line scanning mechanism), and conducted image
analysis of the photograph and model analysis for possible causes. He
ruled out random system noise, distorted cloud image, and aircraft as
explanations. The possibility of the image being another satellite or
piece of space junk that passed close to the DMSP could not be entirely
ruled out, though he considered that "such a passage would be a very
rare occurrence indeed." 13
Technical data: Detailed description of satellite optical system provided.
Rating: (4/4)-(5-1-5-0) = (8)-(ll). Genuine anomalous image. Potentially significant case. Weakened by uncertainties about exact date
and circumstances.
january 25, 1981: Chatsworth, CA
Numerous independent witnesses saw and filmed (in three different
media) an object displaying typical UFO appearance and performance.
Summary: From 3:30 p.m. to 4:15 P.M. on the afternoon of the
Super Bowl (football game), 20-30 people in a two-block area saw a
white, needle-like (elongated cigar) object with tapered ends, inclined
at a 10- to 20-degree angle from the horizontal. Witnesses in several
locations took still photographs, slides, and 8 mm color movies as the
object hovered and moved around the sky Finally, the object appeared
to roll up into a ball, darted around, and went straight up out of sight
"as if shot from a slingshot."
Witnesses who observed it through telescopes and binoculars saw
a pattern of pink-red lights moving from left to right along the edge
of the object. One witness, through 8 x 35 binoculars, saw a disc with
dome, with two rows of blinking red lights around the edge. Most of
the photos have trees or other landmarks in the foreground; the object appeared to be many miles distant.
On the film, the object is much brighter than airplanes, which
show in five of the photos. Computer enhancement analysis by Bill
Spaulding of Ground Saucer Watch led to the conclusion that the im-
age(s) was "not attributable to weather or atmospheric phenomenon,"
but (based on the image alone and disregarding witness testimony) a
high-flying aircraft could not be ruled out. Image analysis confirmed
the lights along the edge of the UFO. Conclusion: "Unknown." 14
Technical data: (l) Canon AE-1 camera with 200 mm lens, ASA 400
film first roll, ASA 100 second roll; (2) Olympus OM-2 camera, automatic setting, ASA 200 Ektachrome slide film, Olympus 75-150 zoom
lens, aperture f 2.2, focus infinity; (3) 8 mm color movie film, no camera data.
Rating: (5/5)-(4-5-4-0) = (10)-(13). Maximum reliability and high
strangeness. Potentially very significant case. Status of additional
analysis unknown. Rates high priority.
October 8, 1981: Vancouver Island, B.C., Canada
A sharply focused disc-shaped object was photographed against a
clear blue sky, with a mountain peak in the frame.
Summary: Mrs. D.M., 26, with her husband, took snapshots of the
scenery at about 11:00 A.M. and did not see any object in the sky. The
disc showed up on one frame of 35 mm film when it was developed.
Richard Haines reconstructed the event on-site using topographic
maps, interviewed family members, and obtained the color negative.
He conducted extensive image analysis, microdensitometry scans, and
computer image enhancement, and made brightness and reflectance
calculations. The disc subtended an angle of 1.3 degrees of arc. Elevation angles were measured with a surveyor's transit.
No evidence was found for a suspension line above the disc. Haines
also thoroughly tested the hypothesis that the disc was a Frisbee 
thrown in the air and photographed, including experimental measurements under similar lighting conditions, and found it "highly unlikely." The family was found to be highly credible. Analysis overall
supports the view that the disc was a three-dimensional object, its nature unidentified. 15
Technical data: Mamiya 35 mm camera, model 528AL, single lens
reflex with permanently attached Mamiya!Sekor 48 mm. lens with
1:2.8 aperture, automatic exposure. Kodacolor II film, ASA 100.
Rating: (5/3)-(5-5-5-0) Interesting, very clear, reliable picture,
thoroughly investigated, but the lack of visual sighting and lack of any
reported UFO-like behavior reduce its "strangeness" quotient.
February 18, 1984: Hessdalen Valley, Norway
The first four of numerous photographs were taken by Project Hessdaten personnel.
Summary: January-February 1984: Hessdalen Valley, near Roros,
Norway. Between January 21 and February 18, while Project Hessdaten was in operation, investigators had numerous radar and radarvisual sightings, and the first four of numerous photographs were
taken on February 18. Project Hessdalen was an instrumented study
that first went public on June 3, 1983; began working on January 21 ,
1984; and ended on February 26, 1984. Its purpose was to document
sightings over the valley that had been occurring more or less continuously from 1981 to 1986, with a lull in 1983. 16
Rating: Not rateable. Complex series of photographic data. Worthy
of priority analysis.
November 11, 1987: Gulf Breeze, FL
Ed Walters, a builder, took the first five in a long series of photographs
purporting to show UFOs, multitiered with rows of portholes, from
the front of his house.
Summary: Glancing out the window of his study in the late afternoon, Walters noticed a lighted object in the sky behind a pine tree.
When he went outside to look and saw the object gliding across the
sky, he ran back inside for his Polaroid camera. He then took four successive photographs, ran out of film, loaded a new film pack, and took
November 11 , 1987: Gulf Breeze, FL
One of the controversial photographs taken by Ed Walters (Photo: Bruce
Maccabee).
the fifth picture. Afraid for his reputation, he submitted the pictures
to the local newspaper anonymously on November 17, and they were
published on November 19.
From November through the following spring, he took about 15
more pictures of UFOs, a few with a stereo camera and one with a
videocamera. Eventually he went public, and various investigators
studied his reports and the photographs. Because of Walters's reputation
as a prankster in his community, a criminal record from his teenage
years, and curious circumstances related to the taking of the pictures,
many skeptical questions were raised, including character issues.
The primary photoanalyst (Maccabee) and a MUFON consultant
(Sainio) found no internal evidence of fraud and gave the photographs
a clean bill of health; others (especially Hyzer, Overall, and johnson)
found reasons to be skeptical and suspected a hoax using a doubleexposure technique. Opinion of Walters's credibility is sharply divided,
with serious and respected investigators on both sides of the issue. 17
Technical data: The November ll photographs were taken with a
Polaroid Model 108 camera, handheld.
Rating: Photos No. l-5: (2/2)-(5-5-4-3). Either an outright hoax or
among the most significant UFO photographs ever taken. Weaknesses
in "reliability" and "strangeness" include questions about the witness's character and past, his reputation in the community, and the
fact that the object did not do anything distinctively "UFO-like," instead appearing to drift like a balloon.
The photographs remain extremely controversial within the UFO
research community. Objective reappraisal by independent, noncommined investigators would be highly desirable.
july 6, 1989: Hakui City, Kanazawa Prefecture, japan
A videotape was taken of a Saturn-shaped UFO that strongly resembles other films.
Summary: At about 7:00P.M. on a clear, sunny day with a blue sky,
Yasuhiko Hamazaki obtained videotape footage of a brightly luminous
object that passed in a continuous motion nearly overhead. At one
point he used a zoom lens to get a clearer image. The object has a central ring like the planet Saturn, except that it is squarish, and domeshaped.
About a minute of the videotape captured the motion, during
which the object descended rapidly at a shallow angle, then suddenly
changed direction and rose at a steep angle at very high speed. (The
image strongly resembles the one obtained in Hawaii on January 2,
1975; see above.)
july 6, 1989: Hakui City, Kanaz.awa, japan
Frame from videotape showing Saturn-like UFO (Photo: Bruce Maccabee).
Analysis indicates that the object was not an airplane, balloon, kite,
or model airplane. There is a possibility, unproven as yet, that the
shape of the object during use of the zoom lens could have been affected by defocus. The videotape is considered by the analysts to be
important evidence. '8
Technical data: Sony 8 mm video recorder, built-in 6:1 zoom lens.
Rating: (3/S)-( 4-4-5-4) = (8)-( 17). Strong evidence of an anomalous phenomenon, especially taken in conjunction with the 1975
Hawaii photographs.
August 10, 1989: Estepona, Spain
A Dutch psychologist vacationing in Spain obtained videotape footage
of an object that changed shape and divided into two parts.
Summary: Dr. William Heijster, a Dutch military psychologist, was
vacationing in Spain with his family. At about 9:00P.M., while driving
southwest along the eastern coastal highway, the family noticed an object northwest of them in the late evening sky. They stopped to watch,
and Heijster filmed it on and off over a period of about an hour. The
camera was handheld.
The object appeared to rotate at high speed. The rotation was not
visible on the film; instead, the object appeared to undergo a slow
change in shape from "coolie hat" (flat cone or disc) to circular. The
upper surface was bright, the lower surface shadowed. The object
hovered in one place. After about an hour the object split into two
parts, which then separated and faded from view. Only part of the disappearance was recorded on film. Palm fronds are visible in the foreground. There were reported to be many other witnesses.
Dr. Heijster contacted the Fund for UFO Research and made a copy
of the film available for analysis during the winter of 1989. The UFO
image measures about 3.3 em on the film. The image appears for 3
minutes and 53 seconds. Calculations were made of the object's size
assuming various distances. At 1,000 feet (300 meters), the diameter
was l3 feet (4 meters). At one mile, it would have been 69 feet (21
meters). At 30,000 feet (9,000 meters), it would have been 396 feet
(120 meters). 19
Technical data: Panasonic S-VHS NV-MS50E videocamera with
9-54 mm zoom lens, automatic iris, and Fl.2 lens.
Rating: (5/2)-( 4-5-5-0) = (7)-(14). The length of observation, lack
of violent movements, and even the final split and disappearance are
consistent with a high-altitude research balloon hypothesis. The
"strangeness" is marginal. However, the size seems excessive for a
high-altitude balloon.
january 8, 1990: Gulf Breeze, FL
A dark object with a red light hovered and bobbed around overhead
below a cloud cover at about 1,300 feet. A total of five photographs
were taken of it by three different people.
Summary: Ed and Frances Walters were taking a walk at about
6:30 P.M. when they noticed a bright red, round light that appeared to
be "dynamic" or "boiling." Behind it was a dark round or elliptical
shape silhouetted against the cloud cover, which was backlit by the
moon. Ed ran two blocks home to get his camera and alerted several
people by telephone. At least six other witnesses saw the red light
and/or dark object; it remained visible at a high angle above a church
long enough for them to reach the scene.
Using a tripod, Walters got four photographs (one of them taken
by Chip Holston). The object/light remained visible for about 20 minutes before disappearing in the clouds. Though it bobbed and
"darted" around more or less in place, making it difficult to photograph, the object never moved very far from the same location.
Photographs 3 and 4 were taken after the apparent size of the object increased, apparently as it moved closer to the camera. The red
light gradually faded until only the dark shape remained visible.
Brenda Pollak, who described the object at this point as looking like
january 8, 1990: Gulf Breeze, FL
Multi witness sighting of hovering object captured on several cameras
(Photo: Bruce Maccabee).
a "round black dot," took one long-exposure photograph of the now
darkened object.
Analysis by Bruce Maccabee indicated that, given the cloud altitude of about 1,300 feet, the light was about 1 foot in diameter and
the object approximately 15 feet. He could find no photographic evidence of the dark object. Pollak's long-exposure photograph yielded
evidence of rapid motion and unusual color changes, even though it
was not visibly emitting light at the time.
The fact that witnesses observed unusual military helicopter activity
in the vicinity of the church soon after the object disappeared, including
a searchlight beamed down nearby, adds some intrigue to the report. 20
Technical data: Walters's camera, Canon A-1, 70-222 mm f/3.5
Soligor zoom lens, ASA 400 film. Pollak's camera, Minolta Maxxum
3000 single-lens reflex, 100-300 mm zoom lens, autofocus, ASA 200
film.
Rating: (4/3)-(5-5-5-3) = (7)-(18). A well-witnessed case, but
"strangeness" (not counting the helicopter activity) is reduced by the
lack of significant lateral displacement and other UFO-like features.
The bobbing around in place suggests a tethered balloon hypothesis,
although Maccabee's analysis of photograph 2 yielded accelerations
apparently excessive for a wind-driven balloon.
September 19, 1991: Medjugorje, Yugoslavia
An American tourist took a photograph of a church; an unexplained
image showed up in the picture when developed, similar to the 1975
and 1989 Saturn-like object photos.
Special Evidence
Tourist's 1991 photograph in Yugoslavia; inset is an enlargement of the
object.
301
Summary: Maria Kulis of Clinton, MA was vacationing in Yugoslavia. At 6:35 P.M. (the time was visible on church tower clock) she
took a photograph of St. James Church from a distance of about 500
feet (150 meters). When she had the film developed, she noticed an
odd object in the sky almost above the church. In October she attended a UFO conference and met John Timmerman of CUFOS. She
later sent him the photograph and original negative.
The image is sharp and silhouetted against a purplish-blue sky. The
analyst also examined other photographs on the same roll of film,
which were of very good quality because of good focus and "a reasonably fine film grain." The shape is very distinct and similar to the
1975 Lindstrom photos and the 1989 Hamazaki videotape.
The image size on the film is about 6.6 milliradians, which corresponds to 6.6 feet (two meters) if the object was 1,000 feet (300 meters) distant; 13.2 feet (four meters) if the object was 2,000 feet (600
meters) distant; etc. The size was considered to be probably several
feet or more in width. 21
Technical data: Canon MC-S 35 mm auto focus camera with ASA
200 Kodak Gold color film (type 5096).
Rating: (4/1)-(4-5-5-0) = (5)-(14). Without any eyewitness testimony, a kite hypothesis cannot be ruled out. Strangeness is marginal
(image only). Interesting only in comparison to the other films.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
Radar Tracks
1. See Keyhoe (1953); Ruppelt (1956); Hall (l994b).
2. McDonald (1970c).
3. Wire service reports, August 2, 1965.
4. Wire service reports, August 3, 1965.
5. MUFON UFO Journal (August 1990): 19; United Press International, August 5, 1965.
6. Bangor (ME) Daily News, February 14, 1966; U.F.O. Investigator QanuaryFebruary 1966): 1-2.
7. Sheriff's reports in NICAP files; see also section V.
8. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April1966): 8; Columbus Ledger, March 28, 1966.
9. Atlanta Constitution, july 27, 1966; Orlando (FL) Sentinel, july 27, 1966.
10. Associated Press, February 28, 1967.
11. Report in NICAP files.
12. Huron (MI) Daily Tribune; September 9, 1976; Saginaw (MI) News, September 25, 1976.
13. MUFON UFO Journal (March 1983): 6.
14. MUFON UFO Journal (March 1983): 6.
15. Wilmington, Delaware,Journal, October 17, 1979.
16. MUFON UFO Journal (February 1981): 4.
17. MUFON UFO journal (March 1990): 22.
18. For an overview and history see "Hessdalen Lights," Clark (1990), 131-34;
see also Evans (1987), 88-92. For analysis results see MUFON UFO Journal Qanuary 1988): 3-16.
19. Clark (1990), 40; MUFON UFO Journal (October 1987): 15.
E-M Effects
1. Vaughan (1995), 55.
2. McDonald (l968a), 79.
3. Haines (1992); see also section III.
4. Manchester (NH) Union Leader, january 16, 1965.
5. Project Blue Book unexplained case, National Archives
6. Report in NICAP files.
7. Report in NICAP files.
8. Report in NICAP files.
9. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 31.
10. Fowler (1974), 138-143; Sagan and Page (1972), xxvi-xxvii.
11. Gillmor (1969), 295-97.
12. Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
l3. Flying Saucer Review, 14(6); see Rodeghier (1981), 35.
14. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 37.
15. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1967): 6.
16. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1968): 15-16; journal of UFO Studies,
New Series, Vol. 2 (1990): 27-28.
17. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1967): 4.
18. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 39.
19. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 40.
20. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 41.
21. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 16; see Rodeghier (1981), 41.
22. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement l3 (February 1973): 14.
23. Flying Saucer Review (November 1968); see Rodeghier (1981): 43.
24. Flying Saucer Review, 15(1); see Rodeghier (1981), 43.
25. Project Blue Book files, National Archives, dated as November 23, Newton
(GA) U.EO. Investigator Oanuary 1969): 8.
26. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 44.
27. Perth West Australian, February 21, 1969.
28. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 6; see Rodeghier (1981), 45.
29. Flying Saucer Review, 16(5); see Rodeghier (1981), 48.
30. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement ll (August 1972): 9-11.
31. APRO Bulletin (March-April1972).
32. APRO Bulletin (May-June 1972).
33. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 37.
34. Flying Saucer Review, 18(6); see Rodeghier (1981), 55.
35. Frola (1990), 121.
36. Flying Saucer Review, 19(3); see Rodeghier (1981), 55.
37. Flying Saucer Review, 19(2); see Rodeghier (1981), 56.
38. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 40-41.
39. Flying Saucer Review, 21(3-4); see Rodeghier (1981), 57.
40. Flying Saucer Review, 23(6); see Rodeghier (1981), 57.
41. MUFON UFO journal (July 1988): 19.
42. Southwest Times Record, October 21, 1973; cited in Rodeghier (1981), 59.
43. D. Webb (1976), 17.
44. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 44-45.
45. MUFON UFO journal (August 1976): 15;jylland Posten, February 25, 1975.
46. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 20, 22.
47. Flying Saucer Review, 22(6); see Rodeghier (1981), 66.
48. Rodeghier (1981), 67.
49. Rodeghier (1981), 68; Schuessler (1995), 109.
50. Flying Saucer Review, 23(5); see Rodeghier (1981), 70.
51. Die Vaterland, june 23, 1977.
52. CUFOS report; see Rodeghier (1981), 71.
53. APRO Bulletin (July 1978); Rodeghier (1981), 72.
54. International UFO Reporter (September 1978); Rodeghier (1981), 72.
55. MUFON UFO journal (August 1988): 16; Maiden (NC) Times, August 16,
1978.
56. International UFO Reporter (December 1978); Rodeghier (1981), 73.
57. International UFO Reporter (December 1978); Rodeghier (1981), 73.
58. International UFO Reporter (December 1978); Rodeghier (1981), 73.
59. International UFO Reporter (July 1979); Rodeghier (1981), 73.
60. MUFON UFO journal (March-April1979): 8-9.
61. MUFON UFO journal (August 1980): 6.
62. MUFON UFO journal (December 1979): 5-6
63, Buenos Aires, Argentina, La Cronica, May 7, 1979.
64. International UFO Reporter (September-October 1979); Rodeghier (1981),
74.
65. MUFON UFO journal (February 1990): 20-21; Omaha (NE) Morning WorldHerald, February 14, 1980.
66. Biloxi-Gulfport (MS) Daily Herald, May 14, 1980.
67. La Raz6n, February 23, 1982.
68. Clark (1990), 21 (case dated 1987); Chalker (1996), 182-83.
69. Chalker (1987), 176.
70. MUFON UFO journal (April 1990): 15.
71. MUFON UFO journal (May 1990): 17; MUFON Log #900416.
72. johnson (1989).
73. McCampbell (1983).
74. See also McCampbell (1977).
75. McCampbell (1973), 50-59, 94-95.
Physical Traces
l. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 54-55.
2. Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
3. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 56-58.
4. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 13 (February 1973): 14; La
Capital, Mar del Plata, Argentina, july 30, 1968.
5. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 53-54.
6. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 69.
7. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 62
8. U.F.O. Investigator Oanuary-February 1966): 4.
9. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 9.
10. Report in NICAP files.
11. Keyhoe and Lore (l969a), 22.
12. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 58-59; Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue
Book files, National Archives.
13. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 21.
14. Phillips (1975), 46.
15. Report in NICAP files; Phillips (1975), 47; Richmond (VA) News-Leader,
April 24, 1967.
16. Phillips (1975), 48; Edmonton journal, May 8, 1967.
17. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 2; Winnipeg Free Press, july 21, 1967.
18. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 11.
19. Report in NICAP files.
20. Report in NICAP files.
21. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 73.
22. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 45.
23. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 73.
24. MUFON UFO journal (Apri\1988): 20.
25. Simcoe, Ontario, Reformer, july 14, 1965.
26. Chalker (1976), 4-5; Chalker (1996), 159-160.
27. Hall (1988), 206-07.
28. Clark (1990), 21 (case dated 1987); Chalker (1996), 182-83.
29. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 63.
Physiological Effects
l. Hall (1964), 97-98.
2. McCampbell (1987).
3. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1966); Newcastle Morning Herald, january 24,
1966.
4. Report in NICAP files.
5. Rapid City (SO) journal, March 7, 1967.
6. Report in NICAP files.
7. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 12.
8. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1967): 6.
9. Report in NICAP files; Wausau (WI) Daily Record-Herald, May 31, 1968.
10. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1973): 6-12; Galindez (1975).
11. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 20, 22.
12. Skylook (April1976): 4-7; Hall (1988), 284.
13. Schuessler (1995), 109.
14. Schuessler (1995), 109; Flying Saucer Review (March 1989).
15. MUFON UFO journal Qanuary 1978): 18.
16. UFO Research of Finland, Kylama, Third Quarter Report (1981).
17. Good (1987), 97-100; Flying Saucer Review, 28(3) (1983): 15-19.
18. La Razon, Argentina, February 23, 1982.
19. Crowthorne News, Berkshire, UK, September 20, 1985; London Sunday Mirror, September 29, 1985.
20. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
21. MUFON UFO journal (March-April1979): 8-9.
Mass Displacement/Inertial Effects
1. Report in NICAP files.
2. Rodeghier (1981), 29.
3. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 5.
4. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1968): 15-16;journal of UFO Studies, New
Series, vol. 2 (1990): 27-28.
5. U.F.O. Investigator (May-June 1968): 3.
6. Hattiesburg American, October 23, 1973.
7. Skylook (December 1973): 10.
8. Flying Saucer Review, 21(2) (1975): 3-10; Hall (1988), 276-78.
9. Flying Saucer Review, 23(5); see Rodeghier (1981), 70.
10. Clark (1990), 21, giving date as 1987; Chalker (1996), 182-83.
11. Chalker (l987a), 176.
12. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Suppl. 18 (February 1974): 15; La Cronica,
Buenos Aires, july 4, 1968; Rodeghier 1981,41.
13. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 38.
14. CE2 at Thaxted: Vehicle Interference (Enigma Design &: Publishing, Burnely,
Lancashire, England, February 1977). Investigator: Andrew Collins, UFO Investigators Network.
15. St. Louis Globe-Democrat, july 28, 1978; St. Louis Post-Dispatch, july 30,
1978; The UFO Enigma, 1(1) (September 1980). Investigator: Leo Wicklinski.
16. MUFON UFO]oumal,]anuary 1982, p. 8.
Animal Reactions
l. Heaton (1976).
2. See also Gordon Creighton, "A New FSR Catalogue: The Effects of UFOs on
Animals, Birds, and Smaller Creatures," Parts 1-13 (Flying Saucer Review, London,
England, january-February 1970 through May-june 1972).
3. Frola (1990), 27.
4. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April1966): 3.
5. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 22.
6. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 34.
7. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April1967): 6.
8. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 34; Elgin Courier-News, March 9, 1967.
9. Report in NICAP files.
10. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 41-42.
11. Elizabeth (IL) Weekly News, April 26, 1967.
12. Salisbury (1974), Appendix B.
13. Good (1987), 61-63; Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1968): 3.
14. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 40-41.
15. Frola (1990), 138.
16. Shylooh (October 1975): 14.
17. Hall (1988), 206-07.
18. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Quly 1980), Case #21-80.
19. MUFON UFO Journal (December 1986): 8.
20. MUFON UFO Journal (November 1989): 18.
Photographic Cases
1. Source: Detective john Meskell, Criminal Investigation Branch, Townsville,
Australia. Report in NICAP files; see also Keyhoe and Lore (l969a), 6.
2. NICAP case file compiled by the author; Gillmor (1969), 437-55; see also
Story (1980), 165-67.
3. Ann Druffel, "The Yorba Linda Photograph," Flying Saucer Review, Special Issue (November 1983): 26-35; supplemented by personal communications from
the author who was a primary investigator.
4. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1969): 12-16. Investigator: Florin
Gheorghita, engineer, Cluj, Romania.
5. Shylooh (August 1975): cover photo and caption.
6. Inforespace No. 22 (August 1975), Brussels, Belgium; Evans (1987), 72-75.
7. Shylooh (August 1974): cover photo, 4-6.
8. MUFON UFO Journal (December 1981): 18, from Ricardo Vilchez, Costa Rica,
who obtained the photograph from CRNGI and interviewed the flight crew;
Richard F. Haines and jacques F. Vallee, "Photo Analysis of an Aerial Disc Over
Costa Rica," journal of Scientific Exploration, 3(2) (1989): 113-31; Richard F.
Haines and jacques F. Vallee, "Photo Analysis of Aerial Disc Over Costa Rica: New
Evidence," journal of Scientific Exploration, 4(1) (1990): 71-74.
9. Skylook (May 1974): cover photo, 6-7. Investigator: Robert F. Bowker (Lt.
Col. USAF, Ret.) Analyst: Adrian Vance.
10. MUFON UFO journal Oune 1977): cover photo, 3, 7. Investigator and analyst: Ted Spickler.
11. Skylook (February 1975): cover photo and caption, 18 (Translated from
Lumieres dans Ia Nuit, October 1974).
12. International UFO Reporter (May-june 1990): 4-9, 22 (Includes detailed
comparison with july 7, 1989 videotape from japan); MUFON UFO journal (May
1990): 3-7. Analyst: Bruce S. Maccabee.
13. Bruce S. Maccabee, Analysis of an Anomalous Image Found in a DMSP Weather
Satellite Photograph (Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1987).
14. Walt Greenawald, "Chatsworth UFO Photos" (1981), investigation report in
Mutual UFO Network and Fund for UFO Research files.
15. Richard F. Haines, "A Scientifically Based Analysis of an Alleged UFO Photograph," MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium Proceedings (Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1986), 112-29; Richard F. Haines, "Analysis of a UFO Photograph,"
journal of Scientific Exploration, 1(2) (1987): 129-47.
16. jerome Clark, "Hessdalen Lights," UFOs in the 1980s, Vol. I, The UFO Encyclopedia, Vol. 1 (1990), 131-34. For analysis results see MUFON UFO journal Oanuary 1988): 3-16.
17. Boyd (1988); Maccabee (1988b); Rodeghier (1988b); Hall and Smith (1988);
Overall (1989a, 1989b, 1990); Hyzer (1991, 1992); johnson (1988, 1989); Salisberry and Salisberry (c. 1992); Sainio (1992); Time-Life Books (1992); Hall
(1997); Walters and Maccabee (1997).
18. MUFON UFO Journal (March 1990): 18-19; MUFON UFO journal (May
1990): 3-7; International UFO Reporter (May-june 1990): 4-9 (comparison with
january 2, 1975 Hawaii photographs). Analysts: Bruce S. Maccabee, Richard F.
Haines.
19. MUFON UFO journal (May 1990): 3-7. Analyst: Bruce S. Maccabee.
20. Bruce S. Maccabee, "just Another Evening Stroll: Discussion and Analysis of
the UFO Sighting of]anuary 8, 1990 in Gulf Breeze, Florida" (Washington: Fund
for UFO Research, 1990); Walters and Maccabee (1997).
21. International UFO Reporter (March-April1992): 12-13, 23. Analyst: Bruce 5.
Maccabee.

===============================================================================
SECTION VIII. Sighting Waves and Concentrations

The periodic nature of UFO sightings-the increases and decreases
in the numbers over time-have been commented on through the
years by numerous analysts. UFO reports plotted year-by-year do not
produce a straight-line graph or anything close to it. Instead, there are
sudden increases and often notable quiet periods of reported sightings. Why is this so? The following essay was prepared especially for
this report by Eddie Bullard, who holds a Ph.D. in folklore from the
University of Indiana. (See his essay on UFO abduction reports in section XIII, as well.)
UFO Sighting Waves
by Thomas E. Bullard, Ph.D.
One of the most striking characteristics of UFO activity is its penchant for concentration in time and place. The old description of a
soldier's life as being long periods of boredom interrupted by short periods of terror suits the UFO situation well, where months or years
may pass with only a few reports a week for an entire country. Then
comes a sudden and dramatic upsurge as the rate climbs from its base
level to a climax of hundreds of reports a week, only to diminish once
again to its former low level.
These surges typically last a few weeks to a few months and may
cover an area from local to international in size, but instances on the
national and international in scale are the most spectacular. Known as
flaps in the 1950s and waves today, these deluges of reports have
marked the most exciting periods in UFO history. Not only do the raw
numbers of reports increase, but high-quality reports usually accompany a wave, and the subject sometimes enjoys a brief period of
heightened media attention and public awareness. 1
A UFO wave in the broadest sense is any notable and temporary
rise in reports above the usual (base level) rate, but quantity alone
does not make a wave. Some sort of cohesiveness is also required. The
unifying factor may be time, if the increase concentrates in a few
weeks or months; place, if UFO activity favors some specific locality;
or type, if reports feature a distinctive kind of UFO, such as the Hudson Valley flying wings in 1983-1984.2
Publicity and waves only sometimes go hand in hand. Waves usually begin and end in obscurity, with only spectacular sightings or the
peak of activity ever making news. The term flap designates a rush of
reports accompanied by media attention and public excitement, while
the term concentration applies to increased UFO activity despite a lack
of media interest.
The tendency for mysterious aerial phenomena to cluster in time
dates back at least a hundred years. Phantom airships in 1896-1897,
1909, and 1913, ghost fliers in the 1930s, and ghost rockets in 1946 followed a wavelike pattern as the numbers of reports rose, crested, and
subsided over a span of weeks. A series of great national or international waves punctuate modern UFO history, where instances in 1947,
1952, 1954, 1957, 1965, 1966-1967, and 1973 stand out as classic examples of this phenomenon.
Waves sometimes happen on a smaller scale and occasionally on a
larger scale. The following four categories encompass the full picture:
l. Short-term, narrow distribution (miniwave). Such UFO activity
may concentrate in a small area for a limited time, creating a localized flap or mini wave. These flurries of reports may provoke intense local interest and excitement, but neither the UFOs nor the
publicity spread very far. The activity begins and ends within a circumscribed area over a period ranging from a few days to a few
months, and is essentially a one-time affair, without chronic recurrences.
TABLE I. SHORT-TERM, NARROW DISTRIBUTION WAVES
Date &: Location
September 1965
Exeter, NH
February-july 1973
Piedmont Region, MO
Features
Large luminous objects at close range
(see section V)
Nocturnal lights'
Date &: Location
April3-9, 1975
Lumberton, NC
January-May 1977
UK
October 1978
wv
July-August 1979
San Fernando Valley, CA
February 1989
Fyffe, AL
Summer-Fall 1989
Soviet Union
Fall 1989-Spring 1990
Belgium
June-November 1993
Antelope Valley, CA
Features
Lights and V-shaped objects (see case
summary below)
Round and triangular objects
Lights, lighted objects, photo and radar
cases'
Luminous objects at night, a few sightings
Large objects with body lights'
Numerous sightings, landing at Voronezh"
Delta-shaped objects, brilliant light beams, jet
interceptor pursuit (see section II)
Satellite objects, photo cases
2. Long-term, narrow distribution (window). Certain places become
UFO-prone for years at a time, and acquire a reputation as haunted
areas or UFO windows. A window duplicates the full range of UFO
dynamics in microcosm: Along with an overall higher rate of
sightings in this area, reports surge from time to time into localized wave activity. Some of these local/regional waves (e.g., Uintah
Basin, UT) are part of and embedded in larger-scale, broader distribution waves-focal points, as it were.
TABLE 2. LONG-TERM, NARROW DISTRIBUTION WAVES
Date &: Location
Summer 1965-
December 1968
Uintah Basin, UT
Features
Full-feature intensive wave"'
312
Date & location
1966-1968
Ohio Valley, WV
1960s
Warminster, UK
1973-1974
Pennine Mountains, UK
1975-1976
Yakima Indian
Reservation, WA
july-December 1978
Italy
1981-1982
Hessdalen Valley,
Norway
late 1982-Summer 1984
Hudson Valley, NY
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Features
Frequent nightly UFO watches"
A mecca for UFO watchers; diverse types of
lights and objects"
First of several waves, mystery "helicopters"
and cigar-shaped objects"
Intensive nocturnal light and other sightings11
Full-feature wave, humanoid encounters
(see 1978 Sighting Wave, below)
Nocturnal lights, film and radar cases
(see section VII)
Huge boomerang-shaped objects with body
lights"
3. Short-term, broad distribution (classic). The time span and geographic distribution of UFO activity in this category corresponds
to the usual notion of a wave. For two weeks to perhaps three or
four months, UFOs by the thousands appear in national and international skies, attract temporary media attention, then disappear once again. These classic waves were the most spectacular
aspect of the UFO phenomenon during its first decade.
Two patterns characterize the classic waves: explosive development and gradual development. An explosive wave begins with a
spectacular, well-publicized triggering event, builds up in a few
days and spreads quickly over a widening area, peaks, and then
falls off rapidly, typically spanning about three weeks. A gradual
wave grows slowly over weeks or months of unpublicized activity,
spreads over a wide area, is publicized belatedly, peaks, and tapers
off slowly with declining publicity.
TABLE 3. SHORT-TERM, BROAD DISTRIBUTION WAVES
Date Characteristics
1947 june 24 Kenneth Arnold sighting, explosive development
1952 Gradual wave, jet interceptor and Washington, DC, radar cases"
1957 October-November White Sands military, southwestern U.S. sightings, explosive development18
1973 Fall, southeastern U.S. police sightings, Hickson abduction
4. Long-term, broad distribution (pandemic). One level of UFO activity surpasses even classic waves in scale. At least twice in this
century, from 1908 to 1917 and again from 1964 to 1968, UFOs
appeared worldwide in extraordinary numbers. The somewhat
fainter outlines of another possible extended worldwide wave may
be seen in the period from August 1953 through December 1955. 20
Although there was relatively little publicity, the period encompassed numerous military aircraft and airliner encounter cases,
the intensive European wave (primarily France and Italy) in the
fall of 1954, and the U.S. humanoid occupant wave of 1955.
Not only was the overall tally of reports exceptional in these
megawaves, but they gathered into waves of every scale-local, regional, national, and international-so frequently that a wave of
some sort was underway somewhere in the world almost all the
time. If the classic wave is an epidemic of UFOs, a worldwide,
multiyear cluster of waves qualifies as a pandemic, or a wave of
waves.
The 1908-1917 pandemic wave included phantom balloons,
airships, and airplanes appearing in sporadic sightings and in 17
or more waves of various sizes during this period. The overall
number of reports was low by modern standards, but far exceeded
the baseline level for the era. 21
The 1964-1968 pandemic wave remains unrivaled for sheer
sustained quantities of UFOs and complexity of activity (see summaries below). North American sightings tapered off sharply after
1967, but waves persisted in the international arena through 1968
that included several South American countries in june and july,
Romania in August and September, and Spain from August to November.12
Various flurries and concentrations of sightings have occurred
locally, regionally, and nationally (with only limited international
spread) since the final classic wave of 1973, especially in
1975-1981. A major wave occurred in China throughout 1980,23
and in England from September through December 1980, peaking
in late November. 24
England had a yearlong sighting wave in 1996, including objects that made close approaches to airliners25 (T.E.B., see Acknowledgments). 
1965 Sighting Wave
After the 1957 sighting wave, few UFOs were reported for more than
six years. In 1964, sightings began to pick up and the April 24, Socorro, NM, case garnered widespread attention (see section V). Late
in 1964, an intensive flurry of sightings around the greater Washington, DC, area, including suburban Maryland and Virginia, attracted
the attention of government officials. It lasted from December 1964
through january 1965 and included a number of sightings by expert
witnesses. 26
In mid-December, radar at Patuxent Naval Air Station, MD, tracked
UFOs at high speed near the base. On January S, physicist Dempsey
Bruton at the NASA Wallops Island station in Virginia observed a
round, white object traveling overhead from a point near the horizon.
A group of Army Signal Corps engineers in downtown Washington,
DC, watched jet interceptors chase a group of disclike objects just east
of the city on january 11.
A motorist in Williamsburg, VA, experienced electromagnetic failure of his vehicle on january 23 as he observed a gray metallic, mushroom-shaped object at low altitude, emitting a sound like a vacuum
cleaner. NASA engineers in Hampton, VA, saw a disclike UFO descend, touch down, and take off again on january 27 (see section IV).
(Note: Hampton is home of the Air Force Tactical Air Command and
a NASA research center.)
The sightings tapered off at the end of january, and continued at a
slower pace through spring. A national, and to some degree, international wave began in June, featuring sightings by scientific stations
of three countries in Antarctica (see section IV), and continued at a
brisk pace through September.
After weeks of mostly foreign sightings, a sudden upsurge of reports in the United States occurred between July 31 and August 5.
Concentrated at first in the southwestern United States, the reports
gradually spread northward through the central tier of states. Police
and Air Force personnel in Oklahoma saw UFOs and tracked some of
them on radar. On August 2, Weather Bureau radar in Wichita, KS,
tracked four to five unexplained objects during the early morning.
(Note: Wichita is an important aircraft manufacturing center and produces precision tools and chemicals.)
On August 3, Orange County Highway inspector Rex Heflin obtained three clear Polaroid photographs of a disc-shaped UFO in Santa
Ana, CA (see section VII, Photographs). That month, meteorologists
in Tennessee and Minnesota, a Forest Ranger in Idaho, an attorneypilot in Indiana, an ex-Air Force fighter pilot, and a Cape Kennedy,
FL, engineering technician were among those who witnessed strange
flying objects.
In September, police in Exeter, NH, along with numerous citizens,
witnessed a classic UFO sighting; police in Damon, TX, had a frightening close-range encounter with a low, hovering craft; and police in
Pretoria, South Africa, encountered a disc-shaped object sitting on the
road that took off abruptly when their headlights hit it, leaving the
road badly charred and damaged (see section V). (Note: The Damon
sighting was in the near vicinity of oil wells.)
Department of Defense Intelligence Information Report forms (DD
Form 1396), uncovered by jan L. Aldrich during his intensive search
of archives in 1995 and 1996, document the fact that data on Latin
American and Antarctica sightings during the 1965 sighting wave
were circulating in the U.S. intelligence community. Report Number 1
817 0046 65, dated 23 july 1965, originated by the U.S. Air Attache
in Santiago, Chile (prepared by Col. Hubert A. Brandon, USAF, and
approved by Capt. G. E Sharp, USN) contains many interesting tidbits. It also includes quotes from radiograms and news reports.
The basic information conveyed was that Chilean nationals stationed at an Antarctic base had seen an object zigzagging through the
sky, sometimes hovering, and changing color from red to yellow to
green on july 4 (see section IV for a detailed report). About the same
time personnel at the Argentine base on Decepcion Island saw a lensshaped UFO (disc) on an "oscillating course" sometimes hovering,
changing colors (yellow, green, and orange). The object was tracked
by "theodolite and powerful field glasses. Corporal Uladislao Duran
Martinez who was with the detachment took 10 dispositive [sic] pictures in color through the theodolite and field glasses.
"Nine members of the [Antarctic) base Pedro Aguirre Cerda observed the apparition of a curious celestial body while doing routine
meteorological observations for a period of 20 minutes. They followed
its maneuvers noting its white luminosity at an angle of 45 degrees
seen in the southwest of Decepci6n Island moving northeast-southeast at high speed on an oscillating course."
A few hours earlier the same day, Argentine meteorological observers had watched a luminous white object moving at high speed
from east to west that "caused magnetic changes in their geo-magnetic
instruments, registering changes notably out of the normal. .. "27
The report quotes from the july 7, 1965, edition of El Mercurio
(Santiago, Chile): 
The Commander of the [Antarctic] Base (Pedro Aguirre Cerda) of the
Chilean Air Force, Mario jahn Barrera explained the phenomenon seen
by the members of his base [on july 4]. They saw an object moving at
tremendous speeds giving off a blue-green light which caused interference (electro-magnetic) in meteorological equipment located in the Argentine base directly in front of our location .... The color of the body
was red yellowish changing to green to yellow and to orange. [It took
a zigzag course, and once hovered for 20 minutes, during which Cpl.
Martinez) took 10 photographs (more or less) which he believes to be
perfect.
He not only took the pictures directly but he also took them using
the theodolite and the long range binoculars. Unluckily, we must wait
until March of the coming year in order to develop these pictures. [Barrera consulted with the Argentine base.] In this case, we were more certain that we were dealing with a strange solid object because their electro-magnetic equipment showed abnormal interference from the
moment during which it appeared.
The Department of Defense Intelligence Report went on to recount
other newspaper reports of sightings in South America during july:
july 17, 1965: Colonia, Uruguay. "Landing of a flying saucer on a
beach." The UFO remained on the ground nearly two minutes, glowing bright red and "difficult to look at due to its luminosity." Then it
took off vertically with no sound, stopped and hovered over the River
de la Plata for several minutes at an altitude of 10 meters (35 feet). Finally, it flew away horizontally. The object left a marking on the beach
"similar to a retractable mechanical foot. "28
july 19, 1965: Tarapace and Antofagasta, Chile. A strange coneshaped object, point to the rear, flew over at high speed making loud
explosive noises. (Several newspapers, including La Naci6n, carried
accounts of this phenomenon on july 20. Although no time duration
is reported, the description fits that of a bolide meteor. A COSMOS
satellite also reentered the atmosphere on this date.)
july 20, 1965: Chanaral, Chile. A hotel occupant was awakened by
a loud noise, looked out the window and saw an intense red object
about 10-12 meters (36 feet) in diameter land on the sand. After four
to five minutes it took off with a "violent noise" and disappeared. 29
(Note: Chanaral is a port city that exports nitrates and copper.)
The sightings that began late in 1964 marked the beginning of
what Eddie Bullard in his accompanying essay calls a pandemic wave,
both long-lasting and widely distributed geographically. Sightings
continued at a high rate into 1968, and included hundreds of close
encounters of the 1st and 2nd kind, structured objects at relatively
close range, and a variety of physical and physiological effects.
In the Uintah Basin of Utah a local concentration of sightings, documented by scientist Frank Salisbury, spanned the pandemic wave. 30
There it peaked in late 1966 and 1967. Sightings: 1965-5; 1966-35;
1967-35; 1968-19; 1969-0. The UFOs usually were red-orange at
night, silvery during the day, and included typical shapes and features.
1966 Sighting Wave
The 1966 wave began in the spring, concentrated in Michigan from
mid- to late March, and the eastern part of Massachusetts in late
March and April. Two distinctive clusters stand out: (1) concentrated
in and near the Michigan peninsula and Ohio; and (2) concentrated
in Massachusetts and the adjoining New England states. The wave
quickly spread out through the central states and then to other parts
of the United States. (Notice the numerous strategic correlations in the
following reports.)
The Michigan sightings were featured in major news media reports
and Life magazine, leading directly to congressional hearings after the
Air Force investigation came under heavy fire (see section XV). The
Massachusetts sightings were thoroughly documented by Raymond E.
Fowler. 31
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, then chief scientific consultant to the Air Force
on UFOs, was called in to quell the extraordinary press interest and
discuss possible explanations for the Dexter, Ml, area sightings. When
he diffidently suggested that perhaps "swamp gas" might be involved,
his answer was trumpeted to the world as the official Air Force explanation. In later years, a staple of Hynek's UFO lectures was slides
showing examples of some of the deluge of highly critical editorial
cartoons that resulted. One showed small aliens demanding to be
taken to the scientist who had called them swamp gas.
Sightings continued at a high rate through the summer and fall,
and received more news attention than in the past because of the
heightened public interest and stirrings in Congress. Ultimately, with
the strong support of House Majority Leader Gerald Ford (R-Mich.),
a one-day hearing was held on April 5 to announce a shake-up of the
Air Force Project Blue Book UFO study. University scientific teams
were to be established to monitor UFOs; the result was the University
of Colorado UFO Project under Dr. E. U. Condon (see section XV).
The following March-April chronology indicates the scope and intensity of the 1966 wave: 32
March 13, 1966: Portsmouth, NH. Reporter and family told New
Hampshire NICAP Subcommittee of seeing egg-shaped object about
150 feet over power lines, TV and house lights dimmed, vibration felt.
(Note: Portsmouth is a seaport and submarine pen, and produces gypsum products and machine tools.)
March 14, 1966: Southport, CT. UFO with dome on top, row of red
lights, paced car, then landed on road ahead of car.
March l4, 1966: Dexter and Ann Arbor, MI. Police officers reported highly maneuverable disc-shaped UFOs with flashing red and
green lights; Selfridge AFB reported tracking UFOs over Lake Erie.
March 17, 1966: Ann Arbor and Milan, MI. Police officers saw topshaped UFOs with green and white body lights that hovered and maneuvered at variable speeds.
March 19, 1966: Big Rapids, MI. Elliptical UFO with row of body
lights; lights on bottom flicked on and off one at a time.
March 19, 1966: Freeport, TX. Oval UFO sighted by Coast Guard
Cutter Legare, E-M effects on local electric power systems. (Note:
Freeport is a port city that mines, processes, and ships sulfur, has Dow
Chemical Company plant.)
March 19, 1966: LaPorte, IN. Police, others, saw round luminous
object with projections on underside; object paced car.
March 20, 1966: Dexter, MI. Domed, structured UFO with crinkled-appearing surface landed, took off, and buzzed police cars (see
section V, Michigan Sheriff sightings, March 14-20, 1966).
March 21, 1966: Hillsdale, MI. Numerous students at Hillsdale
College saw a UFO with orange, red, and white body lights settle
down in a hollow.
March 22, 1966: Key West, FL. Discs with flashing lights around
edges reported from outdoor theater. Objects hovered, then shot
away. (Note: Key West includes a naval station.)
March 23, 1966: joppa, IL. Oblong object surrounded by smaller
bright lights observed by dozens of people.
March 23, 1966: Crown Point, NY. Elongated object with rays of
light from underside hovered over house, shot up out of sight.
March 24, 1966: Holland, MI. Glowing red and white circular object buzzed car.
March 24, 1966: Sheboygan, WI. Bowl-shaped UFO with body
lights landed on road.
March 24, 1966: Cook, MN. A trapper and guide saw oval object
with dome approach angling downward, flashing lights around center,
emitting loud generator-like humming sound, land in distance. Large
melted oval area found in snow at site next day.
March 25, 1966: Upper Sandusky, OH. Top-shaped UFO with
bright body lights seen hovering over woods by farm couple.
March 25, 1966: Bangor, ME. Elliptical object with body lights on
ground near road. Motorist fired at it with pistol, object glowed
brightly and took of at high speed, making "zinging" sound. (Note:
Bangor manufactures electronic equipment.)
March 26, 1966: Ann Arbor, MI. Engineers and technicians
watched glowing red disc maneuver, descend, fly parallel with road
for several moments.
March 26, 1966: Texhoma, OK. Flashing light approached car from
front, hovered above it (Air Force unexplained case).
March 28, 1966: Niles, MI. Truck driver in early morning saw UFO
with red, green, and white body lights pace his truck. When he
blinked his headlights, the UFO veered away and disappeared.
March 29, 1966: Eliot, ME. Nurse's aide in car saw a large elliptical
object with dome and portholes hovering near electric power transmission lines. Its body was dull silver and "like crumpled aluminum
foil" (see Dexter, Ml, March 20, 1966).
March 29, 1966: Haverhill and Merrimack, MA. Several professional people saw a pulsating luminous white object moving back and
forth; color changed from white to red to green to blue, and back to
white. UFO circled, hovered, sped away.
March 30, 1966: Rehoboth, MA. Three separate groups of witnesses had a series of sightings over a period of nearly two hours in
the evening, including an object with amber body lights that passed
over car and hovered just off the road; an oval object with bright red
and orange body lights that hovered over road ahead of car, took off
at high speed as car approached; and an object with flashing red body
lights emitting a whistling or humming sound.
March 30, 1966: Montauk, NY. Ford 1965 truck experienced total
E-M failure, cigar-shaped or elliptical UFO seen low over sand dunes,
circled area, flew overhead.
March 31, 1966: Vicksburg, MI. Motorist encountered brightly
lighted object hovering just off the surface and blocking roadway. Car
was buffeted violently, object moved quickly from point to point, hum
like swarm of bees (see section VI).
April 1, 1966: Dearborn, MI. Ellipse with dome maneuvered near
car, static on car radio.
April 3, 1966: Franklin, N]. Disc-shaped object with portholes
hovered above radio transmitter tower, seen by station owner and
wife. (Note: Franklin is an important zinc mining area.)
April 3, 1966: Los Angeles, CA. Oblong object with body lights
seen near airport by veteran helicopter pilot and others.
April 4, 1966: Liberal, KS. Blue-green sphere hovered at low altitude, ascended and departed to southwest.
AprilS, 1966: Washington, DC. House Armed Services Committee
hearing on UFOs, shake-up of Air Force project.
April 7, 1966: Lincoln, NE. Luminous objects with bright red body
lights hovered at low altitude, suddenly sped away, seen by doctors,
lawyers, and pilots.
April 17, 1966: Ravenna, OH. Disclike UFO illuminated ground,
chased by sheriffs through two states (see section I).
April 18, 1966: Lancaster, OH. Motorist almost struck blindingly
bright object on road, intense red body lights; turned back to investigate, UFO flew off through com field illuminating terrain, lights
blinked off. Eyes sore and bloodshot next day.
April18-20, 1966: Eastern MA. Concentration of sightings, including several reports of an egg-shaped object with red lights on each end.
April 22, 1966: Beverly, MA. Disc-shaped UFO flashing multicolored body lights observed low over school.
April 22, 1966: Alliance, OH. Domed disc with rotating red lights
around rim approached car within about 40 feet, hovered; the frightened witnesses fled at high speed, and the UFO apparently followed,
finally seen speeding away to the northeast.
April 23, 1966: Yorktown, IA. Cigar-shaped object illuminated
ground, lights at each end; cattle bolted, imprints found on ground.
April 24, 1966: Dorchester, MA. Domed disc with blinking red
lights around edge, bright yellow light on top, moved between two
apartment buildings emitting humming sound; E-M effects.
April 24, 1966: Johnson City, TX. Disclike object with row of lights
or ports around rim hovered at treetop height, rotating, fluttering sound
heard; blue light pulsated around rim; object moved away to southwest.
California Local Concentration
May 16 and 24, 1966: Temple City, CA. About 12:30 P.M. a newspaper
editor (name and interview report in NICAP files) and office manager
were called out to the parking lot to see an unusual object in the sky.
A grayish-green object changing shape from rectangular, roughly diamond-shaped, to domed disc reflecting sunlight, apparently metallic,
was visible high in the northern sky. Hazelike heat waves surrounded
it. For 15 minutes the object moved around lazily, then it suddenly
sped off to the northeast and disappeared. The editor compared the
speed to that of a jet aircraft.
About 1:10 P.M. at a school in the area, the principal (name and interview report in NICAP files) noticed the children on the playground
staring at something in the sky. He saw a dark disc-shaped object with
dome on top moving from high overhead toward the east.
About the same time Charles Hardman was walking on Alessandra
Street in Temple City when he noticed something that he first thought
was a kite or balloon in the north-northwest sky moving slowly northeast. Through binoculars he saw that the object's surface was glossy,
gray or black, yet light-reflective. At times the top was obscured by
hazelike smoke. Without the binoculars the UFO seemed to change
shape, but with binoculars Hardman could see that this was due to
different angles of vision as the object tumbled over in its path. It was
shaped like a diamond with concave sides.
About 1:30 P.M. Mrs. Beverly Harding of Temple City was driving
about a mile north of the center of town when she saw an aerial object paralleling the path of her car, but traveling a little faster than she
was. It looked like "a big bowl of jelly, plastic-like and shiny. ... " The
object was roundish, but irregularly shaped.
About 3:25 P.M. Mrs. Janice Oyler of San Gabriel was driving
through Temple City when she saw a "black and silver cone-shaped"
object in the sky. She stopped her car to watch, and saw the object
bobbing around and circling lazily in one small area of the sky for
about three minutes. Finally she drove to her mother's home seeking
another witness, but when they came out to look the object was gone.
(This could have been a kite.)
On May 24 a Mrs. Taylor was driving in Temple City about 4:15P.M.
when she saw a strange object approach in the southwest sky, hover, and
bob around. She stopped her car and watched the object at relatively
close range, at treetop level across a wide highway. "It was the shape of
two geranium pots put together with the bands in the center," she said.
Although the object was clearly outlined, there was a slight haze
surrounding it. Its color was bright green. Flashes of sunlight reflected
off the surface, giving it a metallic sheen. On the body were what appeared to be a row of louvers and an antenna-like projection. After
several minutes the object climbed to the northeast, witnessed as it
moved away into the distance by employees of a nearby restaurant
alerted by Mrs. Taylor.
The Los Angeles NICAP Subcommittee investigated the incidents
and interviewed key witnesses. Winds below 3,000 feet on both dates
were generally from the west-southwest at S-15 knots. The structural
details, motions, and speed ruled out conventional explanations in
most cases. Several typical UFO features that lacked mundane explanations also were noted.33
Summer and Fall
Sporadic but often spectacular sightings continued throughout the
summer. On June 24 a Richmond, VA, police officer encountered a
hovering elliptical UFO and chased it at high speed in cat-and-mouse
pursuit (see section V). In Sebring, FL, on September 20, a coneshaped object paced a small airplane and climbed away at high speed
(see section III).
Sightings picked up again in the fall, continuing at a high rate
through the end of the year:
September-December, 1966: Uintah Basin, UT. Concentration of
sightings.
October 14, 1966: Newtown, IL. Disc with body lights hovered at
low level illuminating ground.
October 15, 1966: Split Rock Pond, N]. Disc followed car illuminating terrain, E-M and physiological effects (see section I).
December 14, 1966: Cedarville, CA. Ellipse with undercarriage,
red body lights.
December 25, 1966: Monroe, OR. Landing report, witness thrown
against car by blast of air when three objects took off from field (Air
Force unexplained case).
December 30, 1966: Peru. Airliner paced by luminous object, light
beams emitted first upward, then down; object accelerated and sped
away (see section III).
December 30, 1966: Haynesville, LA. Brilliant red luminous object
seen below treetop level, illuminated highway, driver had to shield
eyes. Object changed to white briefly, then back to red (Colorado Project unexplained case).
1967 Sighting Wave
During the one full year of operation of the University of Colorado
UFO Project, a major sighting wave-one of the largest of all timeoccurred. The irony of the situation is that, despite assistance in
screening reports provided to a Colorado University "Early Warning
Net" by NICAP personnel, the project was totally unable to cope with
the wave. The Condon Report addresses only 59 cases from 1967 (and
most of them inadequately) out of the many hundreds reported directly to the project. Furthermore, 15 of the 59 were left unexplained
(see section XV, Colorado UFO Project).
In 1967 NICAP received 3,340 UFO reports. Ted Bloecher and
David Webb have established that there were more than 100 humanoid UFO occupant reports during the year, with a peak of 18 cases
in August. Among many other oddities of the Condon Report, it is
noteworthy that the 1967 cases selected for study did not include any
of the 17 Air Force "unidentified" cases for that year.
According to NICAP data the wave started strong in january,
peaked in March, and tapered off in May. However, sightings continued at a steady pace throughout the rest of the year, and the sightings
in October were comparable in number and quality to those in january through April.
jacques Vallee presents a catalogue of Soviet Union UFO sightings
that includes 32 cases for 1967.34 Many of these may have been meteO'"S or man-made space debris reentering the atmosphere, but some
sound like typical UFOs. On November 6 a couple in Kazan saw a red
Saturn-shaped object that hovered for many minutes, spinning on its
axis. Then it gradually accelerated and sped away. On November 14
in Liepaya several witnesses reported a luminous hemispherical
(dome-shaped) object that hovered low above the ground. As it
moved away rapidly, its brilliant light made it painful to look at.
A NICAP rating of "substantial cases" (containing detailed information and remaining unexplained after preliminary screening) indicates that 55 percent of the 1967 cases occurred in january through
April, averaging about 38 cases per month. There were 30 cases in
October. Sightings in the remaining months (May-September,
November-December) averaged l3 a month.
A special study of 179 solid object cases indicates that the 1967
wave was concentrated east of the Mississippi River; about 51 percent
of the sightings occurred between 6:00 P.M. and midnight; there were
two or more witnesses in 58 percent of the cases. These reports oc-
curred on the average of 15 per month for the year, conservatively indicating what sort of information was readily available to the Colorado investigators. Of the 179 solid object cases, the Condon Report
discusses only seven. 35
Regularly occurring features of the 1967 wave included vehicle encounters (an average of three per month), landings or near-landings
(an average of four per month), and audible sound (an average of four
per month). About once or twice a month, on average, witnesses reported humanoid beings, light beams, electromagnetic effects on vehicles, physical traces, and physiological effects on witnesses. The
performance features included hovering and rapid acceleration, rapid
departure upwards, sharp (noninertial) turns, zigzag and other erratic
flight (see section X, Motions and Flight Patterns).
The following brief summaries focus on structured object or solid
object cases. Structured means that the witnesses observed geometrical
configurations (usually metallic-appearing in daytime) and other indications of technological structure such as antennae, windows or
ports, flashing body lights, and legs. The UFOs, in other words, appeared craftlihe, but performed in ways unlike any human craft.
1967 Sighting Wave Case Abstracts
(AB = abduction; AC = aircraft encounter; AR = animal reaction; BI =
bright illumination; BL =body lights; CE = close encounter; DD = disc
or oval with dome; EM = electromagnetic effect; FO = formation
flight; HU = humanoid sighting; HA = hover-acceleration; LB = light
beam; MI = mass displacement/inertial effect; PH = physiological effects; PT = physical traces; RL = reaction to light; RV = radar-visual;
SA = satellite objects; VE = vehicle encounter; WP = windows or
ports)
january 1967 Summary (11 Cases)
Other cases could be cited, but structured object sightings were made
at least every few days, and often daily during january 1967. Body
lights were reported in 64 percent of the cases. Light beams and windows or ports were common. One humanoid report. The reports were
scattered throughout daylight and night hours. Sample cases:
january 3?, 1967: New Richmond, IN. 2:00A.M.
(Features: BI, MI, VE)
Inverted mushroom-shaped object hovered over car for 10-15 min-
utes. Area ahead was brightly illuminated. Forward motion slowed,
unable to accelerate, loss of steering controP6 (see section VI).
January 6, 1967: Harwich, MA. 11:45 P.M.
(Features: BL, RL)
Disc with lights on underside and pulsating colored lights, reacted to
switching on and off of outside house lights by blinking in same sequence.37
January 7, 1967: St. Louis, MO. 5:45P.M.
(Features: DD, BL, HA)
Disc with dome, lights on dome, hovered, tilted, sped away.38 (Note:
St. Louis manufactures aircraft, chemicals, electrical equipment, and
iron and steel products, and has oil refineries.) -
January 13, 1967: lola, KS. 1:30 A.M.
(Features: DD, BL, WP, HU)
Round object with dome, body lights, windows hovered over alfalfa
field, circled, flew away. Being in crinkly green garb seen in doorway,
sometimes lit by rotating red light.39
January 15, 1967: Granville, MA. 5:45-6:05 P.M.
(Features: WP, LB, BI)
Three successive sightings of disc with ports, treetop level, light
beams, low hover, buzzing sound. Ground brightly illuminated.40
January 17, 1967: Omaha, NE. 7:20P.M.
(Features: WP, LB, BL)
Elliptical object with eight square windows, light beam at front, blinking red and green body lights, stopped, hovered at low altitude near
country club. 41 (Note: Omaha manufactures electronic components
and is home of the Air Force Strategic Air Command).
January 18, 1967: South Williamstown, MA. 12:15 A.M.
(Features: DD, BL, EM)
Disc with dome, body lights, paced car. Power failure in area immediately prior to sighting. 42
January 19, 1967: Dunbar, WV. 9:05A.M.
(Features: WP, VE)
Spherical object estimated 20 feet in diameter, with four leglike
protrusions underneath, hovered a few feet above Interstate 64, blocking roadway. One port and two "antennae" visible on upper portion.3
January 20, 1967: Methuen, MA. 6:30P.M.
(Features: BL, EM, HA)
Metallic-appearing inverted bowl ("dome-shaped") about 20 feet in
diameter moved slowly over field and hovered, two red and two white
body lights. Car motor, radio, and lights failed. Object started moving
slowly, then shot away at high speed. 
January 25, 1967: South Ashburnham, MA. Early evening.
(Feature: AB)
Betty Andreassen abduction (see section XIII).
January 26, 1967: Heidelberg, Germany. 8:30P.M.
(Features: BL, CE, HA)
Witnesses first heard a pulsating sound, then saw a shiny, metallic-appearing, dirigible-shaped object hovering over a building 100 feet
away. As jets approached to investigate the object, it took off, lights
flashing in a regular cycleY
February 1967 Summary (23 Cases)
An average of nearly one structured object a day was reported during
February 1967. Sightings were made nearly every day from February
9 through 27. There were three sightings on the 23rd, and four on the
27th. Disc and oval shapes were most common. The objects displayed
body lights in more than half the cases. During the period February
20-27 glowing orange or red objects were reported at least five times,
typically hovering at low altitude and/or pacing cars, from the East
Coast to the Mountain States. The feature of hovering, then accelerating away at high speed was reported in nearly one-third of the cases.
Two humanoid reports. Sample cases:
February 2, 1967: Lima, Peru. 12:30 A.M.
(Features: AC, EM)
Cone-shaped object approached, paced Faucett Airlines plane; cabin
lights dimmed, radio interference, and radio compass oscillated:6
(Note: Lima has diversified industries, foundries, and oil refineries.)
February 5, 1967: Hilliard, OH. Evening.
(Feature: HU)
Ellipse with legs landed, humanoid beings emerged and placed small
spheres on ground around craft. Witness observed them interacting
with humans. 47
February 6, 1967: Deming, NM. About noon.
(Features: WP, HA, FO, VE)
Two green cigar-shaped objects with row of windows; one paced car,
joined by second from ground, both sped away in seconds.'8 (Note:
Deming contains copper mines.)
February 9, 1967: Odessa, DE. 8:45P.M.
(Features: DD, LB, WP)
Disc, "cupola" with ports underneath, light beam; hovered, light
beam swung upward, object moved away.'9
February 10, 1967: Worcester, MA. 5:30P.M.
(Features: BL, HA, EM)
Object with three bright body lights hovered over house, moved to
south, stopped and hovered, sped away. Color TV faded to black and
white, and contents of refrigerator froze solid during sighting. 5
February 12, 1967: Grand Rapids, MI. 3:40A.M.
(Feature: FO)
Four glowing oval objects observed by witness who first heard a
"chirping noise." Three objects in line, fourth off to one side. Objects
disappeared behind buildings. 5 '
February 13, 1967: Davis, CA. 7:15 P.M.
(Features: BL, HA, VE)
Object with three lights in triangular array buzzed car, tipped up displaying a disclike base with one central red light, five to six dimmer
white lights. Object turned and sped away to the southwest. 52
February 14, 1967: Jefferson City, MO. 7:00A.M.
(Feature: HU)
Disc-shaped object seen resting on shaft in field, small beings moving
around rapidly beneath it. They disappeared behind the shaft, object
rocked back and forth, took off, and sped away. 51
February 14, 1967: Hannon, Ontario, Canada.
(Features: BL, PT, VE)
Disc-shaped object with red blinking lights forced car off the road, re-
turned, hovered in view of numerous witnesses, landed nearby. Landing marks later found in snow. 54
February 16, 1967: Kingman, AZ. 11:45 P.M.
(Features: BL, LB, FO, VE)
While driving through the state, Max Recod, a soldier, and his wife
saw an oval object with three red lights and one green one approach
their car at low altitude, beneath a ceiling estimated to be 300 feet. As
the object passed over the car, the ground was illuminated momentarily by a beam of light. The object then moved out of sight behind a
hill, and reappeared followed by two white lights in step formation,
one of which landed. The object then ascended toward an odd "star,"
seemed to absorb it, then continued up and out of sight. 55 (Note:
Kingman has gold, zinc, lead, and feldspar mines.)
February 17, 1967: Lawrence, MA. 6:55P.M.
(Features: BL, Bl, VE)
V-shaped UFO of "dazzling brilliance," variety of body lights, hovered
low over highway. Witness drove under it. Similar sightings close by
at Methuen and Andover, MA, at about the same time. 56
February 19, 1967: Hollywood, FL. 4:30P.M.
(Features: BL, WP)
Oval, metallic-appearing object with row of revolving green lights,
and above that a row of yellow-lit windows, antenna, hovered about
20 feet off ground. 57
February 19, 1967: Lane City, TX. Nighttime.
(Features: DD, BL, WP, HA, VE)
Disc with dome and band of colored lights around lower portion,
large window in upper center, crossed highway ahead of car at treetop
level, hovered, accelerated.58
February 20, 1967: Oxford, WI. 3:10A.M.
(Feature: VE)
Orange-red, dome-shaped object descended, paralleled truck, disappeared behind trees. 59
February 21, 1967: Toledo, OH.
(Features: LB, EM, PH)
Orange-yellow flattened sphere hovered over road at treetop height,
pulsating; wide light beam emitted downward, object paced car; various E-M and physiological effects reported. 60 (Note: Toledo is a port
city that ships coal, petroleum products, and iron ore.)
February 22, 1967: Milton, IN. 6:30A.M.
(Features: BL, AR, CE)
Disc with row of white lights along length, two bright lights at front,
flew slowly 100-200 feet above a creek; two dogs belonging to the
witnesses reacted strongly. 6'
February 23, 1967: Boneta, UT.
(Features: HA, VE)
Luminous orange object paced car, shot straight up on departure.62
February 23, 1967: Marion, IL. 9:30P.M.
(Features: HA, VE)
Red oval object surrounded by a glow hovered over a truck, then over
the witness' car, then sped away. 63 (Note: Marion manufactures explosives and batteries, has coal mines.)
February 25, 1967: Minneapolis, MN. 7:02P.M.
(Features: BL, FO)
Seven witnesses saw three "brushed aluminum" discs with row of
lights around center of each; objects banked into a turn; lead disc
glowed red once like molten iron. 64
February 27, 1967: Topeka, KS. 7:05P.M.
(Features: BL, EM)
Wide top-shaped object with red and blue body lights hovered over
trees; TV interference noted during sighting.65
February 27, 1967: Grand Haven, MI. 8:19P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
Luminous object with red and green lights made 90-degree turn, hovered over road; movements too fast to follow. 66
February 27, 1967: Vernal, UT. 7:30P.M.
(Features: BL, VE)
Luminous orange dome-shaped object, blue-green and occasional red
flamelike lights on underside, paced car, dipped low, disappeared over
hill after 30+ minutes.67 (Note: Vernal has asphalt and phosphate mines.)
February 27, 1967: Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. 9:00P.M.
(Feature: BL)
Cigar-shaped object with red light on bottom, white light on top, hovered over hospital spinning, siren-like noise. 68 (Note: Edmonton has
oil refineries and manufactures petrochemicals.)
March 1967 Summary (31 Cases)
Structured objects were reported about one per day. There were either
two or three sightings per day on at least nine days, and sightings
were made on nine days in a row March 2 through 10. Discs, ellipses,
or ovals were reported in 74 percent of the cases. The color red (or redorange) strongly predominated, with blue-green a distant second. Three
humanoid reports, in two cases associated with cone- or top-shaped
craft.
March 2, 1967: White Sands Missile Range, NM. 10:30 A.M.
(Feature: RV)
Radar-visual sightings of three or four silvery discs traveling about
2,000 mph (see section I).
March 2, 1967: Memphis, TN. 11:30 P.M.
(Feature: BL)
Ellipse (or cigar shape) with lights along length pulsating in rhythmic
pattern opposite to direction of motion. 69
March 3, 1967: Lewistown, IL.
(Features: WP, HA)
Oblong object with windows hovered above trees, banked, flew away
fast making a humming or whining sound. 70
March 3, 1967: Toledo, OH. 5:30P.M.
(Features: DD, BL, HA)
Silvery disc with red-lighted dome, pulsating blue lights on underside, descended rapidly, moved from side to side, hovered over expressway construction site, then sped away. 71
March 3-4, 1967: Sandwich, NH. just past midnight.
(Features: BL, PH, AR, VE)
Disc (clam shape) with brilliant light on top hovered, moved up and
down like a yo-yo, followed car for 20 minutes at 100 feet altitude.
Motor-like sound heard, "ping-type electrical charge" heard and felt
in car; dog highly agitated, hair standing on end. 72
Sighting Waves and Concentrations
March 5, 1967: Minot AFB, ND. Daytime.
(Features: RV, BL, HA)
331
Radar tracked metallic disc with ring of bright flashing lights that descended over Minuteman missile site and hovered, seen by security
guards. When jets were ordered to scramble, object climbed straight
up and streaked away73 (see section II).
March 5, 1967: Pierre, SD. Nighttime.
(Features: BL, Bl, PH, VE)
V-shaped object with bright light approached car, light illuminated
ground around car; humming sound heard, witnesses felt numb when
object at closest point. Object sped away erratically. 74
March 6, 1967: Benton Harbor, MI. 12:01 A.M.
(Features: BL, FO)
Oval object with red, green, and yellow lights around bottom rim,
pulsating red light from rim, level flight east to west; joined by second
object from west that hovered for 30 seconds, disappeared. Hissing
sound heard. 75
March 6, 1967: Henderson, IL. 4:25A.M.
(Features: DD, BL, LB, CE)
Sheriff saw disc with dome, bottom spinning rapidly, pulsating red
light from rim; passed overhead at low altitude making hissing sound,
bright light beam emitted to ground. 76
March 6, 1967: Olpe, KS. 8:15 P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
Cone-shaped object with blue-green light and illuminated interior,
passed over house emitting red-orange light; witnesses followed it
in car, object circled, hovered, once shot up into air, descended
slowly. 77
March 7, 1967: Elgin, IL. 12:30 A.M.
(Features: BL, Bl, LB, AR)
Disc with red blinking lights descended into woods, hovered, illuminated area in red light, light beams shone into witness's car, family dog
frightened, hair standing up. Gray mist drifted in afterwards/8
March 8, 1967: Leominster, MA. 1:05 A.M.
(Features: EM, PH)
Glowing oval hovered over cemetery rocking gently; whirring sound
like dynamo heard, car lights, motor, and radio failed, witness felt
shock and paralysis. 79
March 8, 1967: Goodland, KS. 2:00A.M.
(Features: BL, LB)
Torpedo-shaped object with multicolored flashing lights, bright light
beam at each end, sound like vacuum cleaner; through binoculars
witness saw central shaft with red light on top and bands of color.80
March 8, 1967: Denver, CO. 9:00P.M.
(Feature: DD)
Greenish disc with dome moving on level course, dropped in slight
curve and disappeared after 30 seconds.81
March 9, 1967: Galesburg, IL. 7:10P.M.
(Features: DD, BL, BI, CE, HA)
Pulsating red disc with dome, with red lights around its rim, approached witnesses, emitted an explosive, blinding burst of brilliant
white light, then accelerated to the north and disappeared. 82
March 9, 1967: Onawa, lA. 9:05P.M.
(Features: none)
White disc as large as a jet airliner observed for two minutes in level
flight. 83
March 10, 1967: Dareton, Australia. 6:30P.M.
(Features: DD, HA, VE)
Oval object with tall dome, silhouetted by sun, surrounded by haze; hovered about 90 feet above road ahead of car, accelerated and sped away.&~
March 12, 1967: Paragould, AR. Early A.M.
(Features: LB, CE)
Disc with white light beams sweeping the ground, emitted red lights
like Roman candles; hovered, floated at low altitude within about 150
feet of witnesses.85
March 12, 1967: Glens Falls, NY. 10:30 P.M.
(Features: BL, HU, CE)
Metallic gray top-shaped object with lights around circumference,
"vapor trails" emerging from points on outer edge, hovered near
ground; occupant seen moving inside windows, object rose silently
and departed. 86
Sighting Waves and Concentrations
March 16, 1967: Freesoil, MI. 12:30 A.M.
(Feature: BL)
333
Glowing ellipse ringed by lights observed six to eight feet off the
ground, emitted loud humming sound, twice bobbed up and down
rapidly, rose straight up. 87
March 16, 1967: Malmstrom AFB, MT.
(Feature: EM)
Glowing red saucer-shaped object hovered near Minuteman missile
silo, seen by security guards; missiles inexplicably shut down. Missiles later resumed functioning on their own, no explanation found.
Similar experience next day at another missile site 20 miles away.88
March 21, 1967: New Baden, IL. 2:00A.M.
(Features: BL, PT)
Disc-shaped object landed, bright light in center, ring of red lights on
lower section and lighted panels at base; object rose vertically, hesitated, flew away horizontally making two sharp turns before disappearing; five holes, staining liquid, and 54-foot diameter area of dehydrated plants found at site.89
March 21, 1967: Homer, AK. 7:30P.M.
(Features: WP, BL, AR)
Glowing orange object with row of square windows, red light to one
side, hovered, made whirring sound, disappeared behind trees; cows
strongly reacted. 90
March 21, 1967: Hillsboro, KS. Evening.
(Features: DD, Ml, EM, VE)
Brilliantly lighted domed disc ("like an upside-down cup on a
saucer") approached, hovered over car which rocked violently, engine
failed."'
March 22, 1967: Wapello, lA. 10:20 P.M.
(Features: DD, WP, BL, HA)
Circular object with dome and leglike protrusions, central row of
ports, multicolored lights; hovered, flew away at high speed. 92
March 24, 1967: Belt, MI. 9:00P.M.
(Feature: BI)
Huge dome-shaped object emitting intensely bright light landed in
ravine; when witness approached it, object lifted off and settled back
down in an inaccessible ravine hidden from the highway; highway patrolman saw "an unusual light" emanating from the landing area.93
March 25, 1967: Joplin, MO. Early A.M.
(Features: DD, WP, FO, VE)
Three red circular objects, flat on bottom, domed on top, white light
from windows around circumference; hovered above Highway 10C
for two to three minutes, ascended to west joined by fourth similar
object. 94 (Note: Joplin produces military missiles.)
March 26, 1967: Minitare, NE. 7:30P.M.
(Features: HU, AR)
Two luminous objects hovered near ground. Five and a half-foot humanoid in white coveralls seen, dog agitated.95
March 28, 1967: Munroe Falls, OH. 2:30A.M.
(Features: HU, PT)
Glowing red-orange, cone-shaped object landed, four to five humanoids with large heads running back and forth across road, one apparently hit by car, dents found on car bumper.96
March 29, 1967: New Ulm, MN. 7:45P.M.
(Features: WP, HA)
Disc with windows hovered, accelerated rapidly and disappeared. 97
March 31, 1967: Wellington, TX. 10:30 P.M.
(Feature: CE)
Cylindrical object 100 feet long hovered just off ground, motor sound
heard, door opened and panels and gauges seen, voice communicated
with witness.98
April1967 Summary (22 Cases)
Reports were fairly evenly distributed throughout the month (9 cases
April1-15, l3 cases April16-30). There were three sightings on April
21 and six sightings April22 to 28. Discs, ellipses, or ovals accounted
for 70 percent of the cases. Red (or red-orange) again strongly predominated. There were no humanoid reports in this sample.
April1, 1967: Hessel, CA. 7:15P.M.
(Features: DD, BI, VE, HA)
Glowing red object with dome approached car, hovered in front of it
emitting brilliant light; moved at treetop height, sped away. Highpitched whine heard.99
Sighting Waves and Concentrations
April 5, 1967: ]onestown/Lickdale, PA. 7:45P.M.
(Features: EM, VE, MI, PH)
335
Disc passed over car, humming sound heard, car rocked, sulfur smell,
total electrical failure; skin later peeled off witness's hands and
feet. 100
April 5, 1967: Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. 7:45P.M.
(Feature: VE)
Small glowing sphere with "metallic" band, emitting two vapor trails,
humming sound; approached car, receded, paced car. 101
April 5, 1967: Belleville, KS. 8:30P.M.
(Features: DD, VE)
Disc with peaked top surmounted by green light, body yellowish
with red sections; flew over witness's car at estimated 3,000 feet altitude.102
April6, 1967: Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
(Features: RV, AC)
Radar-visual observation of red-orange lighted object that paced
Canadian Pacific Airlines plane, sped away. 103
April 11, 1967: Orange, MA. 6:45 P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
Flat disc with red light moving around underside, moved slowly, then
accelerated and sped away. 104
April12, 1967: Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 8:15P.M.
(Features: CE, BL, FO)
Four lens-shaped discs with flashing lights on rims circled a group
of about 20 witnesses; two shot away on approach of an airplane.105
Aprill2, 1967: North Granby, CT. 8:30P.M.
(Features: Bl, HA)
Glowing red-orange bowl-shaped object emitting "painfully" bright
light, making rapid motions; rod extended from object for five minutes, then it shot away. 11l6
Aprill4, 1967: Downsville, Ontario, Canada. 1:15 A.M.
(Feature: HA)
Two rotating red glowing dome-shaped objects separated by a bar,
hovered overhead, then accelerated away to north. 107
April17, 1967: Worthing, Sussex, UK. 2:15A.M.
(Features: none)
Loud humming sound heard, glowing oval like an "upturned saucer"
flew across sky and behind hill; later sound heard again and object
seen moving sideways. 108
Aprill7, 1967: New Haven, WV. 8:45P.M.
(Features: WP, LB, EM, AR)
Elliptical object with ports, two light beams directed downward; dogs
howled and barked, violent TV interference. 109
April19, 1967: Tully, MA. 7:30P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
White domed object with body lights flashing white, then red, hovered, made sharp turns. 110
April20, 1967: Bolten, MA. 9:40P.M.
(Features: DD, WP, BL, HA)
Domed disc with eight glowing yellow ports around perimeter, varicolored lights, sound like buzz of shorted electric motor; moved
slowly, then sped away. 111
April 21, 1967: Cocoa Beach, FL. 4:00P.M.
(Features: DD, AC)
Disc with dome hovered to west, tilted as small aircraft passed beneath it; plane then reversed course, apparently to take closer look at
UF0. 112 (Note: Cocoa Beach produces missile equipment.)
April 21, 1967: South Hill, VA. 9:00P.M.
(Features: VE, PT)
Cylinder with legs resting on road, took off straight up with burst of
flame from bottom, burned area and indentations found on road. 113
April 21, 1967: Tucson, AZ. 9:55P.M.
(Feature: LB)
Yellow dome-shaped object, flat on bottom, shaft of light pointing upward; descended tipping and swaying, apparently to land. 114
April 22, 1967: Elizabeth, ll. Early A.M.
(Features: BL, VE, RL, AR)
Elongated object with red light on one end, green on other end, large
pulsating red light in middle, hovered at an altitude of 20-30 feet;
when car headlights hit it, object sped away to southwest; cattle and
dog reacted. 11 '
April 22, 1967: LaPoint, UT. Evening.
(Features: AR, CE)
Coming into driveway, dogs barking, 50-foot-diameter red ellipse on
ground; driver turned off car lights, object rose and left rapidly. 116
April 24, 1967: Richmond, VA. 8:30P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
Silvery oval object with green body lights, bright light underneath,
hovered near ground; children screamed, object began vibrating, shot
straight up in the sky with beeping and shrill whistling sounds. 117
April 26, 1967: St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada. 8:30P.M.
(Features: Bl, BI, LB)
Object with intense, blinding red light descended, turned green and
emitted a beam of light onto a neighbor's dog; object then flashed,
turned yellow-white, and moved away erratically. 118
April 27, 1967: Kingston, NH. 10:10 P.M.
(Features: DD, Bl)
Elliptical object with dome and two legs, red lights in circular pattern,
two to three lights flashing, paced car at treetop level, shrill beeping
sound; object tilted, moved away. 119
April28, 1967: Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 9:00P.M.
(Feature: Bl)
Metallic-appearing elliptical object with belt of alternate red and
green lights, hovered, descended; witness became frightened and fled
scene. 120
May 1967 Summary (16 Cases)
The frequency of sightings continued to taper off, resulting in an average of about one case every other day in May 1967. The most concentrated period of sightings was May 11 through May 17 (seven
days, six sightings). Ellipses, discs, and ovals accounted for 56 percent
of the reports; if two objects reported as cigar-shaped are included,
then 69 percent of the sightings were one of these geometrical shapes.
The color red (or red-orange) again strongly predominated, with two
additional objects described as amber or yellow that would increase
the total representation of the red-orange-yellow end of the color
spectrum to 44 percent of all cases. The second most commonly reported range of colors is silvery or white (usually meaning objects reflecting sunlight in daytime sightings). About one-third of the May
196 7 reports involved vehicle encounter cases, already noticeable in
earlier months.
May 1, 1967: Peel Tree, WV. Nighttime.
(Features: EM, VE, PH)
Car motor and radio failed, ellipse about 40 feet in diameter emerged
from behind shed, hovered 15 feet from car, tilted, intense heat felt,
horn rim and dashboard hot; witness experienced headaches and partial vision loss. 121
May 2, 1967: Montezuma, IA. 8:25P.M.
(Features: BL, HA)
Gray misty oval with four red blinking lights, steady white light on
top, hovered; finally rose straight up and angled west, climbing rapidly.122
May 3, 1967: Philadelphia, PA. 6:30A.M.
(Features: WP, VE, HA, PH)
Metallic-appearing gray disc paced ahead of car at altitude of about
150 feet, top section revolving, row of window-like markings around
center, thin stream of vapor; vapor changed to red sparks and object
shot straight up into overcast, witness experienced severe toothache
or jawache at the moment of departure. 113 (Note: Philadelphia is a major deepwater port and U.S. Navy Yard, has petroleum refineries, and
manufactures electrical machinery and chemicals.)
May 6, 1967: St. George, UT. 1:43 A.M.
(Features: DD, VE)
Driver on U.S. 91 heard loud humming sound, stopped car and got
out, saw 40-foot-diameter amber-colored circular object with dome
on top hovering 20 to 30 feet overhead; emptied clip of pistol bullets
at object, heard bullets ricochet. m
May 7, 1967: Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. 2:00A.M.
(Features: CE, LB, PT)
Disc hovered at an altitude of about 200 feet, muffled whistling sound
heard, light beam emitted to ground in cemetery; banging and
"screaming" noises heard when object took off, charring, and other
physical traces found at site. 125
Sighting Waves and Concentrations
May 11, 1967: Wareham, MA. 2:05A.M.
(Features: BL, RL, HA)
339
Two objects like inverted dishes, rotating red and white lights around
rim, hovered, descended behind trees into cranberry bog, moved up
and down like a yo-yo; sped away when police shone spotlight on it. 126
May 12, 1967: Putney (London), UK. 11:10 P.M.
(Feature: WP)
Glowing yellow elliptical object with three round spots on underside
passed below clouds, observed through 7 x 50 binoculars. 127
May 12, 1967: Neola, UT. 8:00P.M.
(Feature: VE)
Silver ellipse approached rapidly, slowed, descended level with road,
tilted, went over crest of hill out of sight. 128
May 13, 1967: Vermillion, SD. 8:00P.M.
(Features: none)
Lens-shaped disc passed beneath cloud cover, occasionally turned
over; first moved north to south, then northeast to southwest. 129
May 14, 1967: Alamosa, CO. 11:15 P.M.
(Features: PT, HA)
Brilliant cigar-shaped object with pulsating red glow about 100 yards
away, both rear tires of car blew out, object shot away. 130
May 17, 1967: Rural Hall, NC. 8:30P.M.
(Feature: AC)
Round orange-colored object about the size of a small aircraft, zigzagged back and forth for five minutes above a jet that was headed
northeast. 131
May 20, 1967: Falcon Lake, Manitoba, Canada. Noon.
(Features: CE, PH, PT)
Witness (Michalak) approached shiny, metallic landed object, saw violet light, heard rushing air sound, heat burned shirt and left visible
markings on chest; later experienced weight loss and vomiting132 (see
section VI).
May 25, 1967: Castro Valley, CA. 10:30 P.M.
(Features: none)
Metallic-appearing disc descended, hovered at about 5,000 feet above
ground emitting bright red flame from aperture in underside; flame
withdrew, object zigzagged away. 133
May 28, 1967: Mankato, MN. 12:30 A.M.
(Feature: DD)
Brightly luminous red-orange oval with hump (dome?) on top,
swooped over town rapidly, making a "roaring swoosh" sound. 134
May 28, 1967: Wallingford, CT. 12:01 P.M.
(Feature: WP)
Cigar-shaped object with windows and protrusions observed at estimated altitude of 3,000 feet with clouds as reference, moving about
500 mph; object disappeared behind clouds. 135 (Note: Wallingford
produces chemicals and electronic components.)
May 31, 1967: Beausejour, Manitoba, Canada. 11:30 P.M.
(Features: BI, BL, PT)
Luminous red object with smaller blue light, illuminated ground,
landed; 30- X 50-yard area was found in flames next morning, radioactive traces. 136
1973 Sighting Wave
The 1973 sighting wave was concentrated in the last half of the year,
and featured the largest number of humanoid occupant sightings in
many years. Several abductions were reported during this period (see
section Xlll). The sightings peaked in mid- to late October, with
October 17 representing perhaps one of the most extraordinary
single days for "high-strangeness" cases in UFO history (see section
XII).
Spring 1973
April 1-8, 1973: Los Angles Basin, CA. Concentration of at least 16
separate sightings, including round and elliptical objects. 137
April1-l7, 1973: Bernie and Piedmont, MO. In Charleston on April
6, Mrs. Dorothy Thompson saw an egg-shaped object at treetop level
after her TV set went off and on, and she saw a bright flash of light in
her kitchen. Stoddard County sheriffs and others on April lO reported
at least three UFOs over Bernie and in Dexter. Objects changed color
from white to red to blue, moved irregularly across the sky, starting
and stopping and changing speeds. 138
Summer-Fall1973
August 31-0ctober 19, 1973: Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Concentration of sightings in Deep South, witnessed by local
and state police and many others. Fast-moving oblong objects with
bright flashing or revolving lights. Those on August 31 in Georgia
flashed blue, yellow and green. Others displayed red, green, orange,
and white lights. 139
September 3, 1973: Athens, GA. Motorist driving home encountered
egg-shaped object that descended onto road ahead of car. Two small
beings emerged (see section XII).
September 8, 1973: Hunter Army Air Field, GA. "Saucer-shaped" object with flashing bright red and white lights dove at MP patrol vehicle (Bart]. Burns and Randy Shade, occupants) repeatedly and chased
it at high speeds (see section II).
September 9-18, 1973: Northern California. Flurry of sightings.
September 16, 1973: Elmwood Township, MI. Brightly glowing ellipse
hovered near house.
September 27, 1973: Bedarrides, France. Humanoid occupant case
(see section XII).
October 4, 1973: Chatsworth, CA. Elliptical object with bubble dome
on top hovered near ground in a canyon, swaying back and forth. Humanoid being in silvery garb seen (see section XII).
October 5, 1973: Saint-Mathias-de-Chambly, Canada. Five small humanoids in orange garb observed in vicinity of orange domelike object. Circle of flattened grass found at landing site (see section XII).
October 10, 1973: Magnolia, MS. Round, shiny, metallic object on or
near ground, something rectangular about the size of a small person
emerged; later reentered, and object took off.
October ll, 1973: Pascagoula, MS. Hickson and Parker abduction
case (see section XIII). (Note: Pascagoula contains a major shipbuilding facility.)
October 12, 1973: Cincinnati, OH. Humanoid being observed in object like transparent "bell jar" (see section XII). (Note: Cincinnati produces electric motors, machine shop products, and jet engines.)
October 14, 1973: West Central OH. About 80 reports ofUFOs (discs
with red and green lights, elliptical objects) by citizens and police.
October 15, 1973: Morgantown, WV. Numerous witnesses at Raleigh
County Airport reported a UFO with red, green, and white lights. Local pilot chased it, reporting that the whole thing would change color
at the same time. The object kept moving away from him and he
could not catch up with it. 140
October 15, 1973: Lambert and Marks, MS. Woman saw an orange
oval giving off red glow hovering at treetop height; husband in a separate location also saw object and watched it move at high speed. 141
October 15-16, 1973: Pine, LA. Sheriffs saw pulsating orange objects
that alternately hovered, swinging like pendulum, darted around at
high speed, occasionally disappeared in cloudlike vapor (see section V).
October 15, 1973: Henryville, MS. Motorist encountered elliptical object with blue and orange body lights, legs, standing on the road. 142
October 15, 1973: Berea, TN. Family awakened by barking dogs, saw
strange lights through woods apparently from an object on the
ground. Object rose above trees, body lights visible all around it.
Something that looked like a human with oversized head was seen
crossing road. Leg imprints found at site. 113
October 16, 1973: Hattiesburg, MS. Motorist driving to work, object
landed on top of his car, all four doors flew open, then closed and he
felt weight lift off car, saw a lighted object with blue, yellow, and gold
rings around it moving away to south. 144
October 16, 1973: London, OH. School bus driver saw a glowing yellow-orange oblong object moving west to east. Object hovered above
some trees, its glow completely lighting up the area. Finally rose
straight up and moved away. 145
October 16, 1973: Chillicothe, OH. Motorist buzzed by three luminous objects; one with blinding green light followed her home. About
15 minutes later a nearby Greenfield police officer reported following
a huge object, white with a glowing red light, for about five miles. 146
October 16, 1973: Burbank, CA. Landed UFO with humanoid figures
inside (see section XII). (Note: Burbank contains airplane factories,
produces electronic equipment.)
October 17, 1973: Clinton, IL. Police and citizens saw as many as
eight yellow-orange, highly maneuverable objects. 147
October 17, 1973: johnson City, TN. Several sightings of UFOs: circular copper-colored object that descended, hovered near ground,
took off straight up; tall humanoid being who accosted children;
glowing red sphere that alternately hovered and moved. 148
October 17, 1973: Crowley, LA. Offshore oil platform crew saw oblong object with several colored lights hovering about 1,000 feet overhead emitting a whining sound. As object descended to within 100
feet, platform's electric power system failed. 149
October 17, 1973: Powhatan, LA. At least 10 reports from central
Louisiana. Pulsating luminous object changing colors seen near
woods, illuminating the terrain; luminous object hovering and gliding
along above ground in a field; luminous object with window-like
markings hovering overhead. 150
October 17, 1973: Danielsville, GA. Cone-shaped object landed on
road ahead of car, two small beings emerged (see section XII).
October 17, 1973: Eupora, MS. Dome-shaped object landed on road,
blocked traffic, as another hovered overhead, E-M effects on car.
Grotesque creature reported (see section XII).
October 17, 1973: Loxley, AL. Witness in truck on Interstate 10 abducted on board craft that hovered over the truck, examined for about
30 minutes. 151
October 18, 1973: Mansfield, OH. Army Reserve helicopter encountered a domed elliptical object that shone a green light beam into the
cockpit, disrupted the flight pattern (see section II).
October 19, 1973: Ashburn, GA. Woman had power failure in car, encountered a small humanoid with metallic-appearing garb and bubble
helmet (see section XII).
October 19, 1973: Copeland, NC. Bluish oval object hovered near mobile home, three-foot-tall humanoid in golden metallic suit seen
nearby (see section XII).
October 19, 1973: Goshen, OH. Disc with dome, tripod legs, body
lights, seen on ground. Three humanoid figures moved around craft
(see section XII).
October 22, 1973: Blackford County, IN. Motorists saw two small humanoids (about four feet tall) in silvery attire in the road (see section
XII).
October 23, 1973: Russell Springs, KY. Two three-foot-tall, red humanoid beings encountered near house, entered a craft "shaped like a
washing tub" and took off (see section XII).
October 24, 1973: Mt. Airy, NC. Rash of UFO sightings by citizens
and police. Round, red-orange objects, rapid flight, erratic maneuvers
(see section V).
October 24, 1973: Dobson, NC. Motorist experienced E-M effects as
oval object landed near his car. Encounter with frightening being (see
section XII).
October 25, 1973: Christy Creek, KY. Glowing orange oval hovered
300 feet above car, light reflected brightly off of car hood; object then
sped out of sight. 152
October 28, 1973: Villa Bordeu, Bahia Blanca, Argentina. Dionisio
Llanca humanoid encounter, abduction (see section XIII).
November 1973: Quebec, Canada. Thirty-seven UFO cases in
province during November, including landings, humanoids, and E-M
effects on cars. 153
November 1, 1973: Morehead City, NC. Round object with red and
green blinking lights around circumference hovered near car. 154
November 2, 1973: Goffstown, NH. UFO with bright yellow light
paced car, moved in front of it; motorist felt dizzy and numb. Police
officer responding to call also observed it.
November 7, 1973: Chesapeake, VA. Disc-shaped object surrounded
by bright green halo, red light emitted from underside. 155
November 7, 1973: Winnfield, LA. Woman driving from Winnfield to
Sikes on a foggy night encountered along the roadway a three-foot-tall
humanoid being with a large oval head and two bright red eyes (see
section XII).
November 8, 1973: Blythe, CA. Motorist observed circular object with
red, green, and amber lights moving up and down, side to side. 156
Spanish Concentration, 1973-1974
A Department of Defense Intelligence Information Report (No. 6 889
0174 74) dated August 22, 1974, obtained by jan L. Aldrich, indicates
a concentration of sightings in Spain from September 1973 through
the following june. The report is signed by Capt. Richard T. Fox,
USN, Acting Defense Attache in Madrid. A table lists 28 sightings. The
following excerpts include examples of widely reported features.
September 11, 1973: El Ferrol del Caudillo, Spain. "Bright, circular,
with two hoops, appeared to have feet on bottom part. Emitted a very
powerful light." Object was hovering; multiple witnesses. (Note: The
site includes an important naval station and shipbuilding facilities.)
December 11, 1973: Malaga, Spain. "Circular, like a flying saucer, had
an intense red light." Hovered for about 15 minutes, "then departed
suddenly." Multiple witnesses. (Note: Malaga is an important port and
manufacturing city.)
March 23, 1974: Near Castillo de las Guardas, Spain. "Mother shipaluminum, 150-200 meters [450-600 feet] long. Three smaller ships
resembling mushrooms. Flew silently, had no windows but towers
above and below." The witness, a salesman, "Was pursued by one
of the smaller ships, which disappeared as observer entered village .... "
March 23, 1974: Sanlucar de Barremeda, Spain. "Luminous, metallike .... Object moved upward with great brilliancy. As observer approached object, he felt a strange sensation. His car finally came practically to a stop, wavering back and forth like a feather." Witness was
chauffeur for a provincial dignitary. (Note: Site is a famous seaport.)
March 26, 1974: Valdehijaderos, Spain. 2:00A.M. Truck driver. "Luminous. Strange object like a plate placed above another large, round
object. ... Was motionless over the highway about 200 meters [ 650
feet] from observer. A similar object, also motionless, was seen 15-20
meters [60 feet] away. Two beings came out of the first vehicle,
pointed to observer's truck, then went in again, and both UFOs flew
away." 11:30 P.M. Same witness. "Three silver ships parked on the
highway with light similar to floodlight. Observer stopped motor of
his car and some figures approached him. He ran, frightened, and they
followed him .... They were about 2 meters [ 6.5 feet] tall, had arms
and legs but he did not see their faces .... Next day the Guardia Civil
made an investigation. They found a hole in the ground, which the
truck driver said he had not made" (see section XII).
April15, 1974: Ceuta and Algeciras, Spain. "Round, intense torch-like
light .... Rose out of the water near a huge rock, traveled at low altitude, then fell into the water again. This happened twice." Witnesses
were passengers on a ferry between the two cities. (Note: Ceuta is a
military station and seaport; Algeciras is also a seaport.)
May 15, 1974: Pedroche, Spain. "Round, size of a table .... UFO pursued their car and when it intercepted their travel on the road, they
turned around rapidly." Witnesses were a businessman and a teacher.
june 16, 1974: Caceres, Spain. "Luminous, emitting brilliant light on
the highway. ... Was pursued by UFO for several kilometers at great
speed. Saw three tall figures standing inside the ship. When observer
extinguished the lights on his car, the object drew away. Then, as he
turned them on again, UFO approached again at enormous speed
some 70 meters [230 feet] over his car. It followed him home and
when he turned out his car lights, it slowly flew away." Witness was a
farm laborer.
North Carolina Miniflap, 1975
During the period April 3 to April 9, 1975, 57 separate UFO events
were reported in the area of Lumberton, NC. Forty-eight police officers plus an unknown number of private citizens observed a brightly
lighted "vee," triangular or delta-shaped object, that exhibited speed
ranging from hovering to over 200 mph. The object (or objects) appeared to be about the size of an automobile.
Aplil1975:
North Carolina Miniflap witness sketches.
In three reports, the object made flat (as opposed to banked) turns.
In 11 reports, the object was at or below treetop level. In nine reports,
the object featured a bright spotlight with directional maneuverability
and variable intensity. On two occasions, that spotlight appeared to
"signal" in response to automobile headlight or spotlight blinking (a
feature that later appeared in Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters of the
Third Kind). Only three witnesses (out of more than 50) reported any
sound from the object, despite the fact that most felt they were within
200 feet of it.
A detailed report of the investigation was published by the Center
for UFO Studies157 Q.Z., see Aknowledgments).
1978 Sighting Wave
Perhaps the largest worldwide wave of all time occurred in 1978, concentrated in South America (especially Argentina), Italy, the Middle
East, Australia, and New Zealand. In his accompanying essay, Eddie
Bullard defines this as a pandemic wave, both long-lasting and geographically widespread. Important sightings also were reported in the
United States, but not with the frequency or intensity of reports from
Southern Hemisphere countries. The following chronology lists highlights of the wave.
February 4, 1978: San Luis, Argentina. Airline employee, while fishing with five friends, saw a saucer-shaped object hovering near the
ground about 25 meters away. A being with space helmet and luminous clothing descended a ladder, waved, climbed back aboard, and
the craft took off at high speed. 158 (Note: San Luis produces hydroelectric power.)
March 22, 1978: Minnesota-Wisconsin border area. About 7:30 P.M.
and 8:45 P.M. Two waves of sightings, formations of red lights, single
round objects with red body lights, orange globes, straight line and
oblique formations. Some oscillatory flight and maneuvering within
formations. Some disc-shaped objects with rows of body lights. "The
greatest UFO flap that this state has ever recorded," according to investigator Robert E. Engberg. 159
May 16, 1978: Tucuman, Argentina. Motorist stopped at a police
checkpoint, area suddenly brightly illuminated by a large sphere at
low altitude, slowly following the course of the Huacra River from
east to west. Officer and motorist both felt heat. As the UFO crossed
over high-tension electric power lines, lights in the police building
went out and the car engine stopped. The lights gradually came back
on as the UFO disappeared in the distance. 160
July 3, 1978: Naples, Italy. At 1:30 A.M. motorist saw bright rotating
sphere descending about 50 meters (160 feet) away, stopped and hovered about 10 meters (30 feet) off the ground. After a while it began
spinning more rapidly, accelerated and sped out of sight in seconds. 161
(Note: Naples is a major seaport, produces steel, aircraft parts, electrical machinery, oil refinery.)
July 6, 1978: Mendoza, Argentina. Francisco Nunez abduction case
(see section Xlll).
July 18, 1978: Lurate Caccivic, Italy. A red-orange revolving UFO was
observed at 9:00 P.M. moving in zigzag fashion and leaving a short
white trail. The object stopped and hovered above a cemetery, no
longer spinning. After a while it began revolving again, made a hissing sound, and moved away. Tree leaves fluttered as it passed, dogs
barked, and local electric power dimmed. 161
july 27, 1978: Union, MO. Motorist driving home about 12:25 A.M.
saw a blindingly bright light approach rapidly from the rear, felt an apparent impact as the rear wheels raised off the road and light illuminated the road. The object then rose over the car roof and disappeared
upward (see section VII, Mass Displacement Cases).
September 2, 1978: San Michele, Italy. A metallic-appearing, cigarshaped object was seen taking off from a maize field at 8:10A.M. emitting a hissing sound. An area of crushed and dried out plants 6.5
meters X 3 meters (20 feet x 10 feet) was found in the field. 163
September 14, 1978: Italy. Hundreds of UFO sightings for over
two hours in the early morning, including a flying disc and a triangular object over Rome, a cigar-shaped object near Florence, and luminous objects in many locations. The cigar-shaped object flew overhead
at about 500 meters (1,650 feet) altitude, emitting powerful light
beams. 164
September 17, 1978: Torrita di Siena, Italy. Rivo Faralli humanoid encounter case (see section XII).
September 23, 1978: Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Road rally car
levitated off road by UFO (see section VI).
September 24, 1978: Santiago, Chile. Alejandro Hernandez Perez abduction from car (see section XIII).
October 7-30, 1978: Lansing, MI. Local concentration of sightings. 165
October 13, 1978: Tucuman, Argentina. Meteorologist Juan Carlos
Teseira, control tower operator Juan Batista Villafahe, and others at
Benjamin Natienzo Airport saw luminous object approach, hover near
end of runway, making two sharp course changes and flying away to
south. 166
October 14, 1978: Villa Carmela, Tucuman, Argentina. Electronics
technician Victor Hugo Suarez heard dogs howling at 1:00 A.M., saw
an elongated silvery object with fluorescent glow on top maneuvering
over a hilly area where his wife had seen a luminous object earlier as
a small fire broke out in the woods. "It seemed to be looking for something," he said. Its light illuminated the terrain. 167
October 14, 1978: Miraflores, Catamarca, Argentina. An object shaped
"like an inverted plate" and glowing with intense white light moved
rapidly in various directions at 9:00P.M.; hovered for several seconds,
sped away. 168
October 19, 1978: Casilda, Santa Fe, Argentina. Two intensely luminous objects shaped "like inverted plates" appeared in the west at 8:30
p.m., flew away and returned several times. They had red, white, yellow, and green lights, and occasionally hovered, once over a police
station. Through binoculars, one witness could make out a Saturn
shape with spinning central ring. About 9:00 P.M. an unexplained
power drain was noted by the Energy Department. The UFOs departed at 10:10 P.M. 169
October 21, 1978: Bass Strait, Australia. UFO hovered above aircraft
piloted by Frederick Valentich, aircraft disappeared (see section Ill).
October 30, 1978: Santiago, Chile. Aviation personnel at Tobalaba
Airport on a clear, bright day saw a metallic-appearing object, flashing brightly like a mirror reflecting sunlight. The UFO was shaped
like "two superimposed plates." A pilot took three photographsY"
November 9, 1978: Kuwait. Disclike UFO with dome on top landed
in oil field, E-M effects on pumping station and communications (see
section IV). 
November 12, 1978: Rome, Italy. At 7:30P.M., Air Force personnel attached to Piumicino Airport and control tower operators saw three
bright orange (or red-orange) spheres approaching from the sea. One
descended and crossed the path of incoming airliners. 171
November 21, 1978: Al Sibriyah, Kuwait. Several photographs taken
of UFO that flew over a water tower, hovered for 30 minutes; E-M effects on communications system. 172
December 8, 1978: Portegrandi, Venezia, Italy. A couple driving home
at 1:30 A.M. encountered a disc-shaped object hovering 3 meters (10
feet) above the road. It was about 7-8 meters (23-26 feet) in diameter, with four bright orange lights around it and smaller orange lights
at top and bottom. Four white beams of light were emitted downward.
When they came within 40 meters (130 feet) of it, they became frightened and fled. As they left they could see the disc intermittently pulsating into a red ball. m
December 8, 1978: Barletta, Italy. An inverted cone was observed hovering and rotating on its axis. When it moved away, witnesses followed in a car. Suddenly it disappeared, then reappeared in front of
the car, blinding the driver, who stopped and got out. Later he was
hospitalized for nervous breakdown. Carabinieri (police) arrived in
time to see the UFO and call their station, where the commander observed it through binoculars." (Note: Barletta is a seaport, produces
electrical equipment, chemicals.)
December 9, 1978: Reggio Calabria, Italy. A police patrol watched a
bright object that intermittently flashed various colored lights. When
the patrol pointed a spotlight toward the UFO, it seemed to enlarge
and emitted a light beam down toward the car; at the same time five
body lights came on. When the police switched off the spotlight, the
UFO lights also turned off. Police tried to call their station, but the radio did not work. 175
December 12, 1978: Messina, Italy. A brightly luminous yellow circular object moved-slowly southward, its light mirrored in the sea. It
stopped above the strait and emitted small spheres that flew away to
the south, later returning and merging again with the parent object.
Radios blacked out during the sighting. 176 (Note: Messina is a seaport,
produces chemicals.)
December 12, 1978: Marzocca, Italy. A motorist driving at 10:15 P.M.
experienced engine failure, his lights went out, and his tape player
ceased functioning. He saw a luminous object that emitted a light
beam onto his car. When the object departed, the lights came back on
and the tape player resumed playing. 177
December 17, 1978. New York Times reported a story from Rome by
Henry Tanner on the Italian UFO wave, also published in the International Herald Tribune, December 19.
December 21, 1978: Kaikoura coast, New Zealand. Radar-visual sighting of UFOs from cargo aircraft. Ten days later, near Wellington, film
footage was obtained during another radar-visual sighting from a similar aircraft. 178
December 22, 1978: Castelnuovo, Naples, Italy. Two motorists driving
at 12:15 A.M. encountered a dark, domed object hovering a few meters
above power lines. When they flashed car headlights at it, the UFO
beamed a light onto the car. Frightened, the motorists fled. The UFO
pursued and buzzed the car before disappearing. A triangular patch of
calcinated ground and imprints 21 em x 45 em (8.5 inches X 18
inches) were found at the site. 179
December 23, 1978: Fonteblanda, Grosseto, Italy. A huge object
shaped "like two plates" was observed by motorists at night, twice illuminating the road with a white light beam as it flew at treetop
height. Smaller body lights were visible around it as it flew away. 180
December 29, 1978: Cordoba, Argentina. Three power company employees in a truck reported a time lapse, "teleportation" to different
location (see section Xlll).

--------------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Bullard (1996).
2. Hynek et al. (1987).
3. Rutledge (1981).
4. Randles (l983a), 45-46, 108.
5. MUFON UFO journal (1978): 9-10, (1980): 9-10.
6. MUFON UFO journal (1980): 3-6.
7. Baker (1990).
8. Vallee (1992).
9. MUFON UFO journal (April1994): 10-11, 20.
10. Salisbury (1974), Appendix B.
11. Keel (1975).
12. Shuttlewood (1967).
13. Randles (l983a).
14. Long (1990).
15. Hynek et al. (1987).
16. Bloecher (1967); Aldrich (1997).
17. Hall (1964), 158-63; Gross (1982, 1986).
18. Hall (1964), 163-70.
19. See section VIII, 1973 Sighting Wave; D. Webb (l976a).
20. Hall (1964), 133-35.
21. Watson et al. (1987); Bullard (1996), 570-71.
22. Creighton (1968); Hobana and Weverbergh (1972); Ballester Olmos
(1976b).
23. Dong (1984).
24. Randles (l983a).
25. UFO Magazine (November-December 1996): 28-35.
26. Hall (1988), 57-59; Hanlon (1966).
27. Diario Illustrado, Santiago, Chile, july 4, 1965.
28. La Naci6n, Santiago, Chile, july 18, 1965.
29. Diario Illustrado, Santiago, Chile, july 23, 1965.
30. Salisbury (1974).
31. Fowler (1974).
32. All cases are documented in CUFOS or NICAP files, and many are reported
more completely elsewhere in this report with specific references; see especially
sections Ill and V.
33. Subcommittee report in NICAP files, archived at CUFOS, Chicago, IL.
34. Vallee (1992), 188-95.
35. Hall (1978).
36. Gillmor (1969), Case 12, 282-85.
37. Air Force report form in Colorado Project files.
38. Report in NICAP files.
39. Report in NICAP files.
40. Gillmor (1969), Case 13; Keyhoe and Lore (l969a), 45; Hartford (CT)
Courant,january 16, 1967.
41. Omaha World-Herald, january 18, 1967; APRO Bulletin (January-February
1967): 4 (case dated as january 18).
42. Fowler (1974), 343; Air Force report, Project Blue Book files, National
Archives.
43. Report in NICAP files; sketch in Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 46; Flying Saucer
Review, 13(3) (May-june 1967): 4; Huntington (WV) Herald, january 20, 1967;
Charleston (WV) Gazette, january 20, 1967.
44. Fowler (1974), 138-43; Sagan and Page (1972), xxvi.
45. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 4.
46. Volunteer Flight Officer Network report via United Airlines; Lejour, Agence
France Presse, February 5, 1967.
47. U.F.O. Investigator (May-june 1967): 6; Project Blue Book files, National
Archives.
48. Lubbock (TX) Avalanche-journal, August 10, 1967; report in NICAP files.
49. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 12; Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book
files, National Archives.
50. Worcester (MA) Evening Gazette, February 20, 1967; compare to other case
same date in Connecticut, Fowler (1974).
51. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
52. j. E. McDonald talk to American Society of Newspaper Editors, April 22,
1967, Case 7.
53. Report in NICAP files.
54. Report in NICAP files.
55. U.EO. Investigator (November-December 1967): 3; Keyhoe and Lore
(1969a), 44.
56. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April 1967): 6; Project Blue Book files, National
Archives; Fowler (1974), 344.
57. Hollywood (FL) Sun-Tattler, March 11, 1967.
58. Houston (TX) Tribune, February 23, 1967.
59. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
60. Report in NICAP files.
61. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 34; Richmond (IN) Palladium-Item, March 3, 1967.
62. Salisbury (1974), Table 1, Case 41F.
63. Report in NICAP files.
64. Air Force Intelligence Report in Colorado Project and NICAP files.
65. Topeka (KS) State journal, February 28, 1967.
66. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
67. Salisbury (1974), 39-46.
68. Edmonton (Alberta) journal, February 28, 1967.
69. Air Force report, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
70. Report in NICAP files; Air Force report, Project Blue Book files, National
Archives.
71. Toledo (OH) Record, March 4, 1967.
72. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April 1967): 6.
73. Fowler (1981), 187.
74. Rapid City (SD) journal, March 7, 1967.
75. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
76. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
77. Topeka (KS) State journal, March 7, 1967.
78. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 34; Elgin (IL) Courier-News, March 9, 1967.
79. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 7; Fowler (1974), 144-48.
80. ]. E. McDonald talk to American Society of Newspaper Editors, April 22,
1967, Case 6; Wichita (KS) Eagle, March 9, 1967.
81. Air Force report No. 00534B in Colorado UFO Project files.
82. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
83. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
84. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1967): 30; APRO Bulletin (March-April
1967): 11.
85. Akansas Gazette, March 14, 1967.
86. Glens Falls (NY) Times, March 14, 1967.
87. Manistee (MI) News-Advocate, March 17, 1967.
88. Fowler (1981), 186-87; missile site launch commanders were interviewed
on "Sightings" TV program, broadcast March 16, 1997.
89. Phillips (1975), 46.
90. Report in NICAP files.
91. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 5.
92. MUFON UFO journal Oune 1976): 10; Air Force unexplained case, Project
Blue Book, National Archives.
93. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book, National Archives.
94. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 1.
95. Report in NICAP files.
96. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 28; APRO Bulletin (March-April 1967): 1;
Ravenna (OH) Record-Courier, March 31, 1967.
97. Air Force report in Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
98. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1967): 31; Washington (DC) Star, April2,
1967; Air Force report in Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
99. Report in NICAP files.
100. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 1; Lebanon (PA) Daily News, AprilS, 1967.
101. Peterborough (Ontario) Examiner, April14, 1967.
102. Belleville (KS) Telescope, April6, 1967.
103. Report in NICAP files.
104. Fowler (1974), 346.
105. Henry McKay report in NICAP files, April17, 1967.
106. Report in NICAP files.
107. Report in NICAP files.
108. Flying Saucer Review, july-August 1967: 30.
109. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), pp. 41-42.
llO. Fowler (1974), 347.
lll. Fowler (1974), 347; subcommittee report in NICAP files.
112. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
113. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April 1967): 1; Richmond (VA) News-Leader,
April 24, 1967.
ll4. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 7.
ll5. Elizabeth (IL) Weekly News, April 26, 1967.
ll6. Salisbury (1974), Appendix B, Table 1, Case 47.
ll7. Report in NICAP files. UFOCAT computer data base lists a sighting same
day at Quantico, Virginia, Marine Corps Naval Air Station.
118. Report in NICAP files.
ll9. Fowler (1974), 348.
120. Report in NICAP files.
121. Report in NICAP files.
122. APRO Bulletin (May-June 1967): 8.
123. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 12.
124. U.F.O. Investigator (May-June 1967): 6; APRO Bulletin (May-June 1967): 6
(case dated as May 13); Salt Lake City Tribune, May 7, 1967.
125. U.F.O. Investigator (May-June 1967): 3; APRO Bulletin (May-June 1967): 7;
Phillips (1975), 48; Edmonton (Alberta) journal, May 8, 1967.
126. Fowler (1974), 348.
127. Flying Saucer Review (September-October 1967): 31.
128. Salisbury (1974), Appendix B, Table 1, Case 48.
129. Report in NICAP files.
130. Report in NICAP files.
131. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
132. Phillips (1975), 48.
133. U.F.O. Investigator (November-December 1967): 3.
134. Mankato (MN) Free Press, May 30, 1967.
135. Report in NICAP files.
136. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 2; Winnipeg (Manitoba) Free Press,
july 21, 1967.
137. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 15 Oune 1973); Supplement 16 (August 1973).
138. The Daily Standard, Sikeston, MO, April17, 1973.
139. Chicago Daily News, September 1-2, 1973 (Albany, GA, United Press International).
140. Morgantown (WV) Raleigh Register, October 16, 1973.
141. Clarksdale (MS) Press Register, October 16, 1973.
142. Starkville (MS) Daily News, October 18, 1973.
143. Pulaski (TN) Citizen, October 24, 1973.
144. Hattiesburg (MS) American, October 23, 1973.
145. London (OH) Madison Press, October 17, 1973.
146. Chillicothe (OH) Gazette, October 17, 1973; London (OH) Madison Press,
October 17, 1973.
147. The Pantagraph, Bloomington-Normal, IL, October 18, 1973.
148. johnson City (TN) Press Chronicle, October 18, 1973.
149. Arkansas Gazette, October 19, 1973; Baton Rouge (LA) State-Times, October
19, 1973.
150. Monroe (LA) News Star. October 19, 1973.
151. Pensacola (FL) News, October 18, 1973.
152. Grayson (KY) journal-Enquirer, November 1, 1973.
153. Claude Macduff report cited in International UFO Reporter (December
1976): "UFO Newsfront" insertion.
154. Carteret County News Times, Morehead City, NC, November 8, 1973.
155. Norfolk (VA) Ledger Star, November 9, 1973.
156. Marlin (TX) Daily Democrat, November 9, 1973.
157. Zeidman (1976).
158. Buenos Aires (Argentina) Herald, February 16, 1978.
159. The Dalles Visitor, Taylor Falls, MN, No. 11, May 1979.
160. La Raz6n, Buenos Aires, Argentina, june 1, 1978.
161. Maurizio Vega, unpublished manuscript (circa 1979).
162. Gian Paolo Grassino, et al., "Provisional Catalogue of 1978 Italian UFO
Sightings," Centro Ufologico Nazionale, Milan, Italy (circa 1979).
163. Ibid.
164. La Cronica, Buenos Aires, Argentina (EFE news service), September 15, 1978.
165. Lansing (MI) State journal, February 19, 1979.
166. La Raz6n, Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 14, 1978.
167. La Gacata, Tucuman, Argentina, October 15, 1978.
168. La Raz6n, Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 16, 1978.
169. La Naci6n, Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 21, 1978.
170. La Cronica, Buenos Aires, Argentina, November 11, 1978.
171. Eduardo Russo, "The Italian UFO Wave of 1978," unpublished manuscript
(circa 1979).
172. Arab Times, November 23, 1978.
173. Grassino, et al. (c. 1971).
174. Russo, (c. 1979).
175. Ibid.
176. Ibid.
177. Ibid.
178. Clark (1996), 350-52.
179. Grassino, et al (c. 1979).
180. Ibid.

=================================================================
SECTION IX. Structure, Lights, and Colors

UFOs have displayed characteristic descriptive features for 50
years. When observed in daylight they are geometrical in form
(most commonly disc-shaped, elliptical, or oval). They display craftlike features such as windows, portholes, or apertures, legs, and "antennae." At night they either glow uniformly or have body lights in
typical configurations on darker shapes. Particular colors are predominant for certain circumstances. A variety of light phenomena occur (most commonly, light beams and brilliant illumination). Several
features suggestive of technological propulsion are often reported
(sound, vapor, smoke, sparks).
Shapes
UFOs shaped like the planet Saturn (a slightly flattened sphere with a
central ring) have been reported all over the world. Another commonly reported type of UFO is described as "like two plates [or
saucers, or bowls], one inverted on top of the other." These are very
similar to, and overlap with, objects described as "Saturn-shaped."
Reports of inverted saucer-shaped and Saturn-shaped UFOs are included in table 1.
ee < :.:>
-<::: )-
Types of disc-shaped objects.
TABLE 1. INVERTED SAUCER- OR SATURN-SHAPED UFOs
Date & Location
july 18, 1966
Baytown, TX
May 11, 1967
Wareham, MA
july 31, 1967
Churchville, NY
August 4, 1967
La Guaira, Venezuela
September 8, 1967
Newton, NH
August 28, 1968
Ucero, Spain
November 8, 1968
Taguatinga, Brazil
Description
Object "like two saucers turned together
with a row of square windows in between"'
"Like inverted dishes" 2
Saturn-shaped'
Grayish double-saucer object with rotating
ring (see section I)
Saturn-shaped with body lights
"Like two deep plates"'
"Like two basins placed face to face
Date & Location
january 1, 1970
Duncan, B.C.,
Canada
june 27, 1970
Rio de janeiro, Brazil
August 16, 1970
Valladolid, Spain
April 14, 1971
Callery, PA
August 9, 1971
Minas Gerais region,
Brazil
March 4, 1974
Brisbane Valley,
Queensland, Australia
May 3, 1975
San Antonio, TX
October 17, 1976
Akita, japan
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
December 22, 1977
North Atlantic
October 8, 1978
Ord, NE
October 19, 1978
Casilda, Santa Fe,
Argentina
October 30, 1978
Santiago, Chile
Description
Saturn-shaped craft descended over hospital,
humanoid beings visible in dome (see section
XII)
Saturn-shaped (see section V)
E-M effects in house, Saturn-shaped craft
and small humanoid being seen on ground'
"Like two bowls" (see section VI)
"Like two basins" (see section III)
"Like two saucers""
Saturn-shaped (see section XII)
"Like two plates" (see section III)
"Like two plates" (see section VI)
Double-disc
Like one plate inverted on another10
Like "inverted plates"; Saturn shape"
Like "two superimposed plates""
362
Date & Location
December 23, 1978
Fonteblanda,
Grosetto, Italy
September 14, 1979
Canoga Park, CA
january 8, 1981
Trans-en-Provence,
France
April12, 1981
Goodhue, MN
November 17, 1986
Fort Yukon, AK
Small Discs
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
"Like two plates" (see section Vlll, 1978
Sighting Wave)
"Like two bowls""
"Like two saucers" (see section I)
Double-disc (see section IV)
Saturn-shaped (see section III)
Throughout UFO history, small discs have been reported from time to
time that may be remote-controlled devices. The estimates of size
range from about eight inches to a few feet in diameter. An officially
confirmed sighting by an Air Force pilot on March 29, 1952, in the
vicinity of Misawa, Japan, is one example. Lt. David C. Brigham, flying a T-6 as target plane for an intercept exercise by two F-84 jet fighters, saw a small, shiny disc about eight inches in diameter make a pass
at one of the F-84s.
It flew a pursuit curve and closed rapidly. Just as it would have
flown into Brigham's fuselage it decelerated to his airspeed, almost instantaneously. In doing so, it flipped up on its edge at an approximate
90-degree bank. It fluttered within two feet of his fuselage for perhaps
two or three seconds. Then it pulled away around his starboard wing,
appearing to flip once as it hit the slipstream behind his wing-tip fuel
tank. Then it passed him, crossed in front, and pulled up abruptly, appearing to accelerate, and shot out of sight in a steep, almost vertical
climb. An unusual flight characteristic was a slow, fluttering motion.
It rocked back and forth in 40-degree banks, at about one-second intervals throughout its course. 14
Similar reports from more recent years are included in table 2.
TABLE 2. SMALL DISCS
Date &: location
October 16, 1965
Spring Grove, PA
June 11, 1978
Los Angeles, CA
july 4, 1978
Santa Paula, CA
September 4, 1979
New Richmond, WI
April 12, 1981
Goodhue, MN
April 20. 1981
Reno, NV
Description
Small disc about 20 in. in diameter, like
"highly polished chromium" landed in school
yard; scraping sound heard as it took off,
blue-orange flame from underside"
Shiny silver oval two to three feet long flew
below plane, circled, climbed, passed ahead of
Cessna 150'"
Domed disc three- to four-ft. in diameter, rotating
parts on top, made head-on pass at Cessna 170,
pilot turned and chased object for better look"
Small silvery disc 2~3 ft. in diameter
hovered with wobbling motion low over field;
rose and moved away still wobbling'"
Aluminum-like disc about 2 ft. in diameter
hovered a few feet off ground; took off
and climbed rapidly (see section IV)
Shiny object three to five ft. in diameter
stationary below Cessna 210; tilted, accelerated
rapidly, and sped away
Other Geometrical Shapes
Other commonly reported geometric forms include dome-shaped
(hemispherical, or "like a World War I helmet"), conical, top-shaped,
and triangular or delta-shaped. Occasionally a wing or boomerang
shape is reported. Notably, these UFOs tend to have body lights
and/or portholes. The cones and tops are mathematical "solids of revolution" (i.e., three-dimensional figures formed by the rotation of a
plane figure around an axis; a triangle rotated around its axis forms a
cone). judging by the following sample reports, cones and top-shaped
objects (perhaps both the same "model") are humanoid carriers and
behave aggressively toward human vehicles. Table 3 lists reports of
cone-shaped UFOs.
Beaispbere Musbrool Will Helaet
cone sbadowed aircraft
Septelber 20, 1966
[See Section III)
Dome- and cone-shaped objects.
TABLE 3. CONES
Date & location
january 19, 1965
Brands Flats, VA
March 15, 1965
Everglades, Fl
September 20, 1966
Sebring, Fl
February 2, 1967
Lima, Peru
March 6, 1967
Olpe, KS
Description
Huge, highly reflective cone descended,
humanoid beings emerged (see section XU)
Hovering cone-shaped object emitted light
beam, injured witness (see section I)
Huge cone confronted private plane (see
section III)
Cone paced airliner, sped away (see section III)
Blue-green cone with body lights maneuvered,
hovered, accelerated rapidly upward20
Date &: Location
March 28, 1967
Munroe Falls, OH
September 10, 1967
Barcelona, Spain
October 17, 1973
Danielsville, GA
December 14, 1973
Paso Robles, CA
june 14, 1974
Medellin Castle,
Spain
December 8, 1978
Barletta, Italy
Top-Shaped UFOs
Description
Cone landed, humanoid beings observed within
it (see section XII)
Cone maneuvered near airliner (see section Ill)
Cone landed ahead of car, forcing emergency
stop, humanoid encounter (see section XII)
Dark cone protruding from an amber sphere21
Cone with beings visible inside observed22
Rotating inverted cone casting brilliant
light (see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
"Top. A child's toy that is commonly cylindrical, pear-shaped, or conoidal
[cone-shaped) and has a tapering ... point on which it is made to spin ... "
- Webster!; Third New International Dictionary
Objects described as "top-shaped" have been reported widely, but
without a witness sketch, the exact shape is sometimes unclear. There
could be cultural differences in the shapes of children's tops. Even in
the United States "top-shaped" can be ambiguous. The most common
tops are (a) a flattened inverted cone (point downward) with a diameter greater than its height, and a circular superstructure, or (b) more
a teardrop shape (rounded on top and pointed on the bottom). Some
UFOs reported as "double discs" could also be described as "topshaped." Examples of these variants are listed in table 4.
366
Top-shaped objects.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Typical children's tops
June 29, 1964: Lavonia, GeoiCJia
Top-sbaped object buzzed car
TABLE 4. TOP-SHAPED UFOs
Date & location
june 29, 1964
lavonia, GA
August 18, 1965
Noblesville, IN
March 17, 1966
Milan, Ml
February 27, 1967
Topeka, KS
Description
Rotating top with body lights repeatedly buzzed
car, physical effects (see section XII)
Top with dome and body lights hovered over
car, E-M effects"
Top hovered near police car, maneuvered
erratically (see section V)
Top with body lights hovered, E-M effects"
Date &: Location
March 12, 1967
Glens Falls, NY
july 25, 1968
La Pastora,
Argentina
December 8, 1968
Grey, South
Australia
November 8, 1973
La Paz, Bolivia
September 30, 1980
Rosedale, Victoria,
Australia
Description
Gray top with perimeter lights, vapor trails,
hovered near ground, being seen inside (see
section XII)
Silvery, spinning top hovered near road, E-M
effects, rose quickly and sped away"
Top descended ahead of car, paced for a while,
sped away'
Top with windows chased by jet interceptor,
darting maneuvers, shot straight up (see
section 11)
Spinning top with body lights, whistling
sound, landed, physical effects (see section I)
Triangular or delta-shaped UFOs rarely were reported in the
1960s and 1970s. In relatively recent years, they have been more common. Flying-wing-shaped or boomerang-shaped objects are occasionally reported (see North Carolina Miniflap, section VIII). Table 5 lists
typical examples.
Triangle Delta Booaerang
"lifting body" shapes.
TABLE 5. TRIANGULAR, DELTA-SHAPED, AND WINGLIKE UFOs
Date &: Location
january 27, 1965
Hampton, VA
March 5, 1967
Minot AFB, SD
November 26, 1978
Corona, CA
january 5, 1979
Auburn, MA
October 23, 1980
Morenci, AZ
September 18, 1981
Conejo Valley, CA
june 10, 1982
Madbury, NH
March 24, 1983
Bedford, NY
November 19, 1985
Madison, WI
November 22, 1985
DeForest, WI
March 25, 1986
Downingtown, PA
May 24, 1990
North Huntingdon,
PA
Description
V-shaped object with blinking red-orange
lights zigzagged at low level, touched down,
took off, and climbed rapidly out of sight
(see section IV)
V-shaped object with bright light approached
car, illuminated ground, sped away"
Orange delta-wing craft approached, hovered
near ground, moved slowly, took off at high
speed'8
Three red glowing triangular objects in sky;
motorist confronted by three red objects hovering over road moments later'
Boomerang-shaped object with red body lights,
light beam (see section I)
Three sightings of triangular objects with
body lights (see section VI)
Wedge-shaped object hovered, moved instantly
from point to point (see section I)
Wing- or V-shaped object with body lights
hovered, emitted light beam downward30
Triangular object with body lights, no
sound"
Triangular object, no sound"
Triangular object with rounded apexes
approached, hovered ahead of car33
Delta-shaped object with bright perimeter
lights near ground; vibration felt, object
sped away"
Structure, Lights, and Colors
Date & Location
November 5, 1990
France
August 14, 1992
Homer City, PA
May 20, 1993
Ottawa, Canada
August 11, 1993
Lethbridge, Ontario,
Canada
Colors
Description
Widespread reports in early evening of
triangular and other objects flashing bright
lights"
Roughly triangular silvery object with
flashing blue lights crossed road at treetop
level, made sharp turns, flew out of sight
behind trees36
Metallic-appearing triangle seen by airline
crew (see section III)
Dark, triangular objects, batwing-shaped
object, sped overhead"
369
UFOs in daylight tend to appear silvery or light metallic-colored,
sometimes with a blue-white glow or corona. At night, when a UFO
is seen as a luminous or glowing object, the colors range across the
spectrum (see section XI), and the colors often change with motion
or acceleration (see Color Changes, below). Various-colored smaller
lights on the body of the object are commonly reported.
Body Lights
The body lights of UFOs, their positions, luminosity, and colors, fit
clear-cut patterns. More often than not, UFOs display more than one
type of body light. A few common types are:
l. Rows of lights-typically around the circumference of the object.
At night, these lights sometimes flash or pulsate in a sequence, or
are described as "rotating." Very often they are multicolored, commonly red, green, blue, yellow, and white lights in various combinations.
2. Running lights-in addition to rows of lights, UFOs often have
other separately located lights, singly or in pairs, which may be
370
Harcll19, 1966: Big Rapids, Mich.
l.igbts pulsated on IDd off aioql y
~-~
October 16, 1988: Lellinqrad, JWssia
Pulsati119 ligbts ill row
Harclll8, 1982: Asblilld, Kentucky
llulti-colored lights oo edge
Portholes and body lights.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
January 15, 1967: flo. Granby, CoiUI.
illite sllafta of ligbt frot portholes
Septelber
~ 1, 1966: Ft. Dllcbesna, otab
llulti -colored lights around edcje
June 10, 1982: Albany, llell York
FOIII proainant villdows Wlderneatb
white or colored and often are very prominent. They may be on
the top, the underside, or the extremities of the object.
3. Strobe lights-UFOs often have brightly flashing lights resembling aircraft anticollision strobe lights.
4. Headlights-sometimes when seen at close range, moving slowly
overhead, UFOs have displayed two extremely bright lights, on
the leading edge of a dark object, that beam light at an angle toward the ground. They often resemble car headlights, and sometimes sweep around like searchlights.
Table 6 contains examples of various types of body lights and their
patterns.
September 15, 1985: Bagshot Heath, Surrey, UK
UFO with row of lights, seen by family.
November 8, 1968: Taquatina, Brasilia, Brazil
UFO with lights and ports swooped over town.
TABLE 6 . BODY LIGHT PATTERNS
Date & Location
January 27, 1965
Hampton, VA
September 3, 1965
Exeter, NH
March 19, 1966
Big Rapids, MI
March 20, 1966
Exeter, NH
March 30, 1966
Rehoboth, MA
Description
Blinking reddish lights on perimeter of rotating
disc (see section IV)
Glowing elliptical object with row of bright,
pulsating red lights (see section V)
Ellipse with central row of rectangular ports, row
of lights along bottom edge flashed on and off
one at a time"'
Egg-shaped object with lights around center,
colors pulsated red-white-blue-green-red
(see section V)
Three separate groups of witnesses saw UFOs
with bright red, pulsating body lights'"
372
Date &: Location
March 31, 1966
Vicksburg, MI
April 24, 1966
Dorchester, MA
june 24, 1966
Richmond, VA
january 17, I967
Omaha, NE
February 12, 1967
Wharton, TX
February 22, 1967
Milton, IN
March 5, 1967
Minot AFB, ND
March 6, 1967
Benton Harbor, MI
March 9, 1967
Galesburg, IL
Aprill2, 1967
Toronto, Ontario,
Canada
April 20, 1967
Bolten, MA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Elliptical UFO blocking road, blinding luminosity, blinking red, green, and white lights,
blinking purple light on top (see section VI)
Domed disc with blinking red lights around
edge, bright yellow light on top that flashed
alternately with red lights.40
Elliptical object with green and yellow lights
around perimeter (see section V)
Dark object with eight square windows, divided
in two by a red light; red blinking light on one
end, green blinking light on bottom of trailing
end, spotlight beam from front"
Circular object with bright light in dome,
revolving red, green, blue, and amber lights at
bottom edge; flew low over car (see section IV)
Disc with row of white lights along length, two
bright lights like headlights at front; flew slowly
along a creek.+>
Disc with ring of bright, flashing lights hovered
over missile site (see section Vlll, 1967 Sighting
Wave)
Round or oval object with row of red, green,
and yellow lights around bottom rim, pulsating
red light on underside0
Pulsating red circular object with red lights
around rim (see section V)
Four lens-shaped discs with flashing colored
lights on rims circled witnesses ..
Hovering bowl-shaped object with glowing
yellow ports, white light on top, red light
on bottom, turquoise lights fore and aft"
Date &: Location
April27, 1967
Kingston, NH
May 11, 1967
Wareham, MA
June 29, 1967
Scotch Plains, NJ
July 9, 1967
Harrisburg, PA
September 8, 1967
Newton, NH
October 13, 1967
Elnora, Alberta,
Canada
December 22, 1967
Millersburg, OH
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
December 10, 1973
Hochries, Germany
April16, 1974
Casale Monferrato,
ltaly
July 9, 1974
Kingston, NY
December 21, 1974
Darmstadt, IL
February 26, 1975
Lake Sorrell,
Tasmania
Description
Elliptical object with dome paced car, red lights
in circular pattern, seven or eight red lights
around edge, some flashing
Two hovering UFOs shaped like inverted
dishes; red and white lights rotating around
a rim"
Disclike object with large red lights at
each end, and one on the bottom, row of
lights on bottom; object followed car
Circular object with red lights on top and
bottom, white blinking lights on side49
Saturn-shaped object with white light on each
end, red light on top; passed back and forth'"
Domed object flat on bottom paced train,
circle of colored flashing lights around rim;
E-M effects on radio, object sped away"
Glowing silvery disc with multicolored lights
revolving around its perimeter buzzed car"
Disc passed over police car, hovered over
road; blue-green light from dome, revolving
red band around object (see section V)
Egg-shaped object with four rows of rotating
red-green-blue-white lights (see section I)
Disc with clear dome, central ring of
revolving red, green, and yellow lights (see
section XII)
Elliptical object with rows of red and green
lights (see section V)
Disc with rotating, alternately red and yellow
lights around rim"
Disc with pulsating red light on underside,
lights around rim that were either changing
from red to white or rotating (see section VI)
374
Date & Location
October 19, 1978
Casilda, Santa Fe,
Argentina
December 8, 1978
Portegrandi,
Venezia, Italy
March 17, 1979
Hertford, UK
November 24, 1981
Marshall, TX
May 22, 1982
Cleveland, TX
june 10, 1982
Madbury, NH
November 19, 1982
Temperanceville, VA
january 7, 1986
Pittsburgh, PA
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
August 11, 1987
Osbornville, NJ
january 20, 1990
Boyle, MS
May 24, 1990
North Huntingdon, PA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Two brightly luminous objects like "inverted
plates," red, white, yellow, and green body
body lights"
Motorist encountered 25-ft.-diameter disc
hovering above road; orange lights around
edge and on top and bottom (see section
VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Yellow sphere with two red lights on top, two
on bottom"
Disc with dome, row of red, blue, green,
amber lights at base of dome (see section VI)
Diamond-shaped object with red body lights,
two bright white "headlights"; flew low
overhead 56
Wedge-shaped object with bright white lights
like headlights, smaller blue-green-red body
lights (see section I)
Silvery circular object with a green light on
each side and two red lights between the
green lights and the center of the object"
Hovering silvery disc with pinkish lights
around edge, changing to blue, then red'"
Metallic-appearing oval with blue, red, and
white lights sometimes visible around edge;
blue light most prominent59
Hovering oval with three rows of pulsating
lights across the base60
Hovering silvery object with two rows of
lights alternating in pattern blue-bluegreen, one near the base, the other around
the flat underside
Hovering delta-shaped object with large white
lights around the edge'
Windows/Portholes
Innumerable witnesses have reported windows or portholes on UFOs,
usually round or square (rarely triangular or oblong), often softly illuminated in white or yellow light, sometimes emitting very bright
light, and typically positioned in a row around the perimeter of the
UFO or around its superstructure.
Table 7 provides a small sample of descriptions of windows or
portholes.
TABLE 7. WINDOWS OR PORTHOLES
Date & Location
August 4, 1965
Abilene, KS
january 15, 1967
Granville, MA
January 17, 1967
Omaha, NE
February 6, 1967
Las Cruces, NM
November 15, 1967
Yerecoin, Australia
February 19, 1968
Bengough,
Saskatchewan, Canada
Aprill4, 1971
Callery; PA
january 24, 1974
Aische-en-Rafael,
Belgium
Description
Disc with dome, square windows around the
top, descended ahead of truck (see section VI)
Disc with portholes emitting bright white
light passed over car at treetop height'
Silhouetted object with eight yellow-lighted
square windows in two groups of four, divided
by a red light61
Two greenish cigar-like objects with a row of
illuminated windows paced car'
Inverted saucer-shaped object with two square
portholes bracketed by two round ports landed
on farm66
Disc with dome, large windows around domed
top, circled around farm (see section I)
Disc with five rectangular windows around
upper part, three round ports on lower part,
hovered low off ground (see section VI)
Disc with dome, two rows of round portholes,
E-M effects on car (see section VI)
376
Date & Location
April6, 1975
Indian Ocean
March 9, 1977
Nelson, North
Lancashire, UK
january 1, 1978
Santa Monica, CA
August 29, 1979
Emestowo, Poland
july 4, 1981
Lake Michigan
july 12, 1981
Temuka,
New Zealand
September 15, 1985
Bagshot Heath,
Surrey, UK
Legs/Protrusions
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Disc with dome and row of square ports or
windows across upper portion approached the
Shinto Maru, japanese freighter, at sea, changed
course and ascended'
Elliptical object with row of central windows
body lights on underside, approached car,
hovered (see section VI)
Domed disc with oblong windows observed by
pilot (see section III)
Cigar-shaped object with square windows,
rounded comers, hovered, sped away leaving
sparks68
Silvery disc with six evenly spaced portholes
around edge passed airliner (see section III)
Dome-shaped object with square windows,
followed car (see section I)
Huge disc with brightly lighted round
portholes hovered above road69
Craftlike UFOs have been observed sitting on the ground, resting on
legs that look like landing gear. The legs usually are in a tripod or
quadripod arrangement, slanted outward at an angle. In the April 24,
1964, Socorro, NM, landing case (see section V), the legs appeared to
be designed to adjust to uneven terrain. Legs have also been observed
on UFOs in the air, usually while hovering or descending at low levels. Protrusions of various types are reported frequently, including apparent antennae.
Table 8 includes typical examples ofUFOs with legs. Note that legs
often are visible on the craft that are involved in humanoid encounter
cases.
March 14, 1969: Lins, Sao Paulo State, Brazil
Double-saucer with antennae hovered over athletic club.
TABLE 8. UFOs WITH LEGS
Date &: Location
July 1, 1965
Valensole, France
August 23, 1967
joyceville, Ontario,
Canada
April6, 1973
Ellsinore, MO
October 19, 1973
Goshen, OH
january 7, 1974
Warneton, Belgium
March 21, 1974
Valdehijaderos,
Salamanca, Spain
Description
Egg-shaped object with dome, with legs resting
on ground, imprints found (see section XII)
Disc with three legs seen on or near ground,
humanoid beings seen; burn marks and
impressions found on ground (see section XII)
Disc with dome, portholes, legs visible;
ground traces included three holes in triangular
pattern70
Domed disc with tripod legs sitting in field;
humanoid beings observed (see section XII)
Disc in field resting on three legs; tripod
legs retracted as object took off (see section XII)
Luminous object on road resting on three
legs (see section XII)
378
Date &: Location
July 31, 1975
Loxton,
South Africa
September 18, 1978
Melaria, Porto Nogaro
district, Italy
November 21, 1978
Newfoundland
January 3, 1979
Mindalore,
South Africa
March 17, 1979
Hertford, UK
December 19, 1981
Areal, Brazil
Light Phenomena
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Silvery oval object with pronglike legs seen
on ground, four imprints found in ground
(see section XII)
Disc with dome resting on three legs, left
three circular imprints about SO em. (20 in.)
in diameter (see section XII)
Domed disc seen by pilots, leglike protrusions
on underside, antenna-like extension on top"
Truncated egg-shaped object on ground resting
on four legs (see section XII)
Sphere with two leglike protrusions on
bottom and two on top72
Silo-shaped object with windows, three legs
blocked road"
Light, in one form or another, plays an important role in the performance of UFOs and the activities of reported UFO occupants. The
recurring manifestations of light fit definite patterns and may provide
important clues about the nature of UFOs (see Propulsion Clues, below). Apparently, the various uses made of light are at the heart of the
phenomenon. Careful study of the forces involved might add immeasurably to our knowledge.
Light Beams
Light beams described in UFO reports indicate that whatever the object may be, it serves as a platform for powerful light energy, usually
emitted downward. The beams tend to be very bright white (sometimes red, blue, or green), often are directed at vehicles or individual
human beings (occasionally at animals), and may be accompanied by
electromagnetic and/or physiological effects.
The beams sometimes seem to function as spotlights, sweeping the
ground. They may be conical (fanning out at the bottom), and some-
Structure, Lights, and Colors
lloveeer 3, 1992: Bad Salzuflen, Geruny
'Solid light' beaa (llllfOII-cES)
I . January 18, 1967: SbaloklD, Pennsylvania
Pinkvllite light beu
UFOs with light beams.
llay 5, 1989: Gengenbach, Geruny
'Solid ligbt' bea11 (HUPOII-CES)
August 16, 1968: Greeabriar Lake, Ohio
IIUltiple light beau reflected off lake
379
times are thin and laser-like. Thin beams sometimes shine out horizontally or at an upward angle, suggesting that they may be some sort
of navigational beacon or communication link.
Light beams used as transport beams have been reported in UFO
occupant cases, where humanoid beings descend from hovering craft
and return to it via a beam, and in abduction cases, where humans
have been carried up to a craft in light beams (see sections XII, XIII).
In a surprising number of cases, UFOs have reacted to a spotlight
shone at them by either displaying sudden rapid movement or beaming a light back toward the witness (see Light Reaction cases, below).
Some reports describe light beams used as apparent weapons (stun
guns) directed at individual humans.
Truncated light beams have been reported that behave like solid
light, and have been observed to extend or withdraw gradually from a
hovering object. Table 9 includes examples of the various features and
patterns of light beam reports.
TABLE 9. LIGHT BEAM REPORTS
Date &: Location
March 15, 1965
Everglades, FL
Description
Witness waved arms at hovering, cone-shaped
object, light beam struck him in head, knocking
witness unconscious (see section I)
380
Date & Location
March 30, 1966
East Hampton, NY,
August 20, 1966
Uintah Basin, UT
September 22, 1966
Deadwood, SD
january 18, 1967
Shamokin, PA
February 9, 1967
Odessa, DE
March 7, 1967
Keeneyville/Elgin, IL
March 10, 1967
Galesburg, IL
April17, 1967
New Haven, WV
july 4, 1967
Corning, CA
july 28, 1967
Gilroy, CA
August 16, 1968
Hamilton, OH
August 28, 1968
Ucero, Soria,
Spain
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Luminous object maneuvered around power
lines, radio tower emitted brilliant light
beam down on a utility pole"
Glowing orange disc hovered, emitted red beam
of light"
Large round white object hovered, moved
around in square pattern, occasionally emitting
blue shafts of light to the ground (see section V)
Disc approached at low altitude, shone two
light beams downward; maneuvered, sped away'"
Hovering disc with "cupola" on underside and
forwardly placed light beams; beams swung up
at 45-degree angle into sky, object began moving
away"
Disclike object with red blinking lights
descended, beam of light shone into car'"
Bowl-shaped object emitted a white light beam
to the ground'
Round object with portholes flew along Ohio
River emitting light beams downward; E-M
effects and animal reactions80
Oval or disc moved slowly with light beam
shining upward, dimmer beam directed downward; accelerated and sped away in seconds"'
Oval object circled fire tower, hovered, emitted
blue-white light beam to ground; E-M effects"'
Domed disc moved over dam, stopped, "flipped
over," emitted five light beams downward
focusing into one beam that swept area,
reflected off Greenbriar Lake; object reversed
course, flew away to south"'
Disc with windows descended, shining a light
beam upward; swept the ground with light
beam, blinding the witness81
Date & location
November 22, 1968
Biloxi, MS
November 27, 1968
Belcourt, ND
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
january 7, 1970
1mjarvi, Finland
August 13, 1970
Haderslev,
Denmark
April14, 1971
Callery, PA
November 14, 1971
Lachapelle,
Lot -et -Garonne,
France
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
December 14, 1973
Paso Robles, CA
May 31, 1974
Umvuma, Rhodesia
Description
Inverted domed disc hovered briefly over a
shrimp boat, beamed a light down on the boat,
shot up out of sight"'
Round glowing object with body lights hovered
at about 500 feet (150m.) altitude, emitted
a red beam of light to ground (see section V)
Disc with blue-green dome light, revolving
red band, shone 10-foot (3-meter) diameter
light beam onto road (see section V)
Disc hovered, emitted light beam from central
tube in bottom; humanoid being appeared in
beam (see section Xll)
Oval object emitted cone-shaped light beam,
wider at the bottom; light beam drawn up as
if solid into opening in bottom of UFO (see
section V)
Double-bowl-shaped UFO with windows hovered
close to ground; shaft of white light from top
shone upward at an angle as it hovered (see
section VI)
Elongated object approached, hovered over
tractor emitting five light beams brightly
illuminating the area
Elongated object hovered emitting "solid light"
beams to ground; when spotlight was shone at it,
a blinding light beam immediately was projected
onto the witnesses (see section V)
Cone-shaped object protruding from sphere
emitted red light beam to ground; at impact
point soil and debris were thrown into air"'
Prolonged vehicle encounter; at one point a
light beam extended from the object to the
horizon"'
382
Date &: Location
july 9, 1974
Kingston, NY
October 17, 1974
Maitland, N.S.W.,
Australia
February 14, 1975
Petite-He, Reunion
France
February 26, 1975
Lake Sorell,
Tasmania
April15, 1975
Sanjose, CA
May 3, 1975
San Antonio, TX
july 31, 1975
Loxton,
South Africa
October 17, 1975
Helena, MT
january 6, 1976
Stanford, KY
September 10, 1976
Colusa, CA
April 2, 1978
Strinestown, PA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Hovering elliptical object with body lights; police
officer shone spotlight at it; brilliant white beam
from UFO illuminated patrol car (see section V)
Circular yellow-white object cast two light
beams to ground illuminating terrain
Disc with dome, humanoid beings emerged;
flash of light struck witness, knocked him down;
beings reentered craft, took off; witness suffered
shock, reddened eyes (see section XII)
Glowing orange disc emitted cone-shaped light
beam down, reflected off lake (see section VI)
Disc with dome approached, hovered overhead,
white beam of light pointed outward into dark
sky (see section IV)
Saturn-shaped UFO approached, beamed
spotlight down onto truck (see section XII)
Oval object with legs, occupants visible within,
emitted light beam that struck witness in face,
causing injuries (see section XII)
Large object with green flashing body lights
swooped over truck, hovered ahead, E-M
effects; beam of light directed toward truck90
Disc with dome, body lights, descended over
car, cast blue light beam that illuminated
interior of car preceding abduction of
passengers (see section XIII)
Disc with dome hovered and maneuvered
around, cast light beam to ground, initially
truncated, illuminating ground (see section I)
Circular object with body lights hovered
ahead of car, tilted down, projected bright
light beam from the top onto the car91
Date & Location
September 17, 1978
Torrita di Siena,
Italy
October 8, 1978
Ord, NE
November 21, 1978
Newfoundland, Canada
December 8, 1978
Portegrandi,
Venezia, Italy
December 1978
Fonteblanda,
Grosetto, Italy
March 6, 1979
Westminster, SC
April 10, 1980
Lincolnton, NC
May 14, 1980
Simpson County,
MS
October 23, 1980
Morenci, AZ
November 19, 1980
Longmont, CO
September 10, 1981
Weston Mill,
Plymouth, UK
November 24, 1981
Marshall, TX
Description
Orange disc emitted red light beam; other
varicolored light beams seemed to support
UFO on road (see section XII)
Disc with windows and flashing lights hovered
at about 200 feet (60 m); two beings descended
in a beam of yellow light9'
Disc with dome observed by airline pilots,
emitted narrow rays of light9'
Disc with orange body lights hovered over road,
four beams of white light emitted downward
(see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Double-disc at treetop height, twice illuminated
road with white light beam (see section VIII,
1978 Sighting Wave)
Dome-shaped object hovered over highway,
beamed light down onto car, swept area with
light beam (see section VI)
Hovering bright red disc cast light beam down
to ground
Glowing disc emitted light beam onto road;
when car drove into beam, headlights went off
and on several times'
Boomerang-shaped object shone brilliant light
beam down smokestack of copper smelting
plant (see section I)
Domed craft beamed intense blue light onto
car, E-M effects; abduction experience""
Huge lighted object hovered above hill
emitting six to seven light beams, pink, purple,
and white; thin green beam of light struck hand
of witness, caused wounds"
Disc with dome tilted, beamed light down onto
truck from two forwardly placed spotlights
(see section VI)
384
Date & Location
June 10, 1982
Madbury, NH
November 19, 1982
Temperanceville, VA
March 24, 1983
Bedford, NY
January 7, 1986
Butler, PA
September 1, 1987
Bangor, WA
February 11, 1989
San Antonio, TX
April 21, 1989
Crestview, FL
March 2, 1990
Beavercreek, IL
March 20, 1990
Carney, OK
June 8, 1991
Concepci6n,
Paraguay
August 19, 1992
Tucson, AZ
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Wedge-shaped object alternately hovered, moved
rapidly, once shone red light beam down onto
house, then onto car of witness (see section I)
Hovering silvery circular object with body lights
shone a bright shaft of light down into a field98
Hovering wing- or V-shaped object emitted
light beam downward99
UFO emitted six light beams toward ground""'
Round object hovered, beamed light down onto
house; object then moved over children,
beamed light down on them (see section XII)
Hovering disc emitted a light beam that
blacked out a streetlight; light came back on
when UFO departed'0 '
Man aimed rifle at brightly lighted hovering
disc making humming sound, light beam
engulfed him and weapon misfired; object then
sped away102
Pulsating oval, cylindrical objects, cast
wide light beam down on truck and roadway;
witnesses fled 103
Object approached, beamed red light 50 ft.
(15 m) in diameter down on car, E-M effects;
hovered over field, white beams visible
within the red""
Brightly luminous oval object followed plane
to airport, hovered over field, confirmed by
radar; at one point a ray of light (like perfect
yellow line) shot from the UFO to the western
horizon (see section Ill)
Manta ray-shaped object with lights around
leading edge hovered, cast cone of light from
the underside that illuminated terrain (see
section VI)
Bright Illumination
A characteristic manifestation of UFOs that, along with several other
typical features, tends to rule out prosaic conventional explanations is
the intensely brilliant light, typically described as being "blinding" or
"bright as daylight," they often display. The surrounding terrain is
brightly illuminated. Given the characteristics of these cases, few if
any natural phenomena or man-made technologies can duplicate the
reported dazzling brilliance, and illumination of the terrain around the
witness.
Exceptionally large "fireball" meteors can illuminate clouds and
the ground, but only briefly, since their typical duration is about 5-10
seconds. Also, they pass over at high speed and do not hover. In the
UFO cases, the light typically emanates from a hovering object whose
exact shape may be obscured by the luminosity, and a humming
sound often is associated with the object. After a protracted period of
time, the UFO then accelerates and speeds away.
Brightly luminous UFOs also have illuminated trees and other terrain while passing over them, but the phenomenology in those cases
is totally unlike that of fireball meteors and includes changes of
course. Note the recurring features and the geographical spread in the
sample cases in table 10.
TABLE 10. BRIGHT ILLUMINATION FROM UFOS
Date & Location
July 13, 1959
Blenheim, New Zealand
5:50A.M.
January 12, 1965
Lynden, WA
1:30 A.M.
May 24, 1965
Mackay,
Australia
12:05 A.M.
January 20, 1966
Katanning, N.S.W.,
Australia
12:30 A.M.
Description
Vivid green light from descending disc brightly
illuminated terrain (see section XII)
Disc-shaped object swooped down toward Border
Patrol car, brightly illuminating ground; hovered,
then accelerated and sped away with rushing air
sound10'
Saucer-shaped object with three legs on or just
above a ridge; underside of trees above it
brightly illuminated; object rose quickly and
flew away (see section VII, Physical Traces)
Motorist suddenly blinded by light from oval
UFO with flashing colored lights, emitting
sound like a swarm of bees; object hovered,
then sped away
386
Date & Location
April17, 1966
Ravenna, OH
dawn
June 19, 1966
Nha Trang,
Vietnam
P.M.
January 3?, 1967
New Richmond, IN
2:00A.M.
October 11, 1967
LaPoint, UT
nighttime
October 27, 1967
Parshall, ND
3:00A.M.
November 25, 1968
Marcellus, NY
6:00P.M.
March 4, 1969
Atlanta, MO
6:40A.M.
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
10:10 P.M.
May 11, 1969
Pembroke, Ontario,
Canada
2:00A.M.
August 13, 1970
Haderslev,
Denmark
10:50 P.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Disclike object moved overhead, brightly
illuminated road around policemen; cat-andmouse pursuit (see section I)
Brightly glowing object approached camp,
hovered, valley and surrounding hills brightly
illuminated, extensive E-M effects; object departed straight up at high speed (see section II)
Bowl-shaped object hovered above car, brightly
illuminated terrain; car slowed as if affected
by external force (see section VI)
Luminous orange object approached, hovered
over truck, changing color to green and blue, its
light illuminating the area bright as day; UFO
followed truck around turns, finally departed
upward at high speed107
Spinning object "so bright that at times it
hurt my eyes to look at it" (see section V)
Glowing ball "blinding, like a welding torch,"
pulsating dimmer and brighter'""
Luminous red object paced vehicle, emitted
blindingly bright light beam to ground, paced
ahead of car on turning path (see section I)
Disc-shaped object hovered, cast bright white
light that illuminated interior of police car
(see section V)
Dome-shaped object near ground cast brilliant
white light "so intense the witness had to
avert his eyes" 109
Hovering disc illuminated police car, "so
dazzling that [witness) could see nothing"
(see section V)
Date &: Location
October 29, 1970
Helleland,
Norway
4:40P.M.
August 8, 1971
Kadina,
South Australia
6:45P.M.
November 14, 1971
Lachapelle,
Lot-et-Garonne,
France
1:50 A.M.
June 9, 1972
Algodonales,
Cadiz, Spain
10:30 P.M.
August 19, 1972
Colby; KS
early A.M.
October 16, 1973
London, OH
6:45A.M.
March 30, 1974
Hombreiro, Lugo,
Spain
9:30P.M.
July 9, 1974
Kingston, NY
1:00 A.M.
October 17, 1974
Maitland, N.S.W.,
Australia
nighttime
Description
Motorist suddenly blinded by strong blue-white
light that hurt his eyes, domed disc hovered
over car, departed upward at high speed (see
section VI)
Hovering disc emitted bright orange glow that
illuminated area; E-M effects on caruo
Elongated object approached, hovered over
farmer's tractor, dazzling light concealing its
shape; emitted light beams that bathed area in
yellow light"'
Motorist suddenly blinded by bright light from
pulsating yellow oval ahead of car, E-M
effects; UFO lit up trees as it passed them
while departingm
Hovering dome-shaped object cast blinding
white light "too intense to look at," illuminated
terrain; departed upward at high speed (see
section V)
Luminous yellow-orange oblong object stopped,
hovered above trees, its glow illuminating the
area; rose straight up and sped away113
Motorists blinded by brightly luminous yellowgreen object alongside road, E-M effects;
object rose with buzzing or whistling sound,
flew away horizontally'"
Hovering ellipse emitted brilliant white light
beam that illuminated police car (see section V)
Circular yellow-white object emitted dual light
beam that illuminated the ground as brightly as
sunlight"'
388
Date & Location
February 19, 1975
Orbak, Denmark
7:19P.M.
February 26, 1975
Lake Sorell, Tasmania
8:45P.M.
August 29, 1975
Muret, HauteGaronne, France
10:45 P.M.
September 30, 1975
Corning, CA
3:30A.M.
October 17, 1975
Helena, MT
12:30 A.M.
February 11, 1980
Council Bluffs, lA
11:40 P.M.
March 8, 1980
Wilmington, NC
9:30P.M.
April10, 1983
Ross, OH
8:20P.M.
September 15, 1985
Bagshot Heath,
Surrey, UK
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
11:30 P.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Circular object descended over car, E-M
effects; brilliant blue illumination116
Glowing orange disc emitted conical light beam
down onto lake, illuminated surrounding terrain
(see section VI)
"Dazzling light" from hovering dome-shaped
object blinded motorist, pulsating light beam
shone on car (see section VI)
Domed disc hovered, emitted bright red light
that illuminated dairy farm "like daylight";
humming sound heard, cows fled; UFO took off
at high speed. 117
UFO with flashing lights buzzed truck, hovered,
E-M effects; light beam directed at truck; "the
whole canyon was lit up bright as day" 118
Brilliant orange object in field, too bright to
look at, E-M effects on car; missing time,
possible abduction case"
Glowing object swooped over car, brightly
illuminating it in white light""
Luminous UFO landed in field; began rising,
illuminating the entire field, sped away; E-M
associated with the light (see section I)
Huge disc with brightly lighted portholes
hovered over road, suddenly took off; second
object paced car, its light "so intense [it] lit up
the whole area," emitted humming noise
as it took off' 21
Oval object with varicolored perimeter lights
hovered, brightly illuminating the area"'
Date & Location
February 7, 1987
Potters Mills, PA
11:00 P.M.
December 14, 1987
Launceston,
Northern Tasmania
9:30P.M.
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
5:25A.M.
November 29, 1989
Eupen, Belgium
5:24P.M.
March 27, 1990
Kokomo, IN
10:30 P.M.
August 19, 1992
Tucson, AZ
1:00 A.M.
Light Qualities
Description
Oval with string of perimeter lights hovered,
light directed downward illuminated terrain
"like daylight" 123
Elliptical object landed on road ahead of car,
emitted light so bright that it hurt the
driver's eyes to look at it121
Police officer forced to stop by blinding light
from hovering silvery oval object over road,
experienced extensive physiological effects
(see section V)
Police car illuminated by brilliant light beam
from dark triangular object; light so dazzling
"that we could read a newspaper under it"
(see section I)
Motorist blinded by light from bright oval
object that passed low overhead, hovered over
field"'
Manta ray-shaped object with body lights
approached, descended with erratic motions,
hovered, cone of light illuminated the terrain;
(see section VI)
The light associated with UFOs sometimes displays unusual qualities:
shimmering, corona-like glows, kaleidoscopic merging of colors,
afterglows, in addition to the solid light behavior described above.
Many reports indicate that the glow surrounding UFOs at times
masks structural details, including portholes or windows. Sometimes
the features become visible when the object hovers and the luminosity diminishes. Example: In Old Saybrook, CT, a glowing elliptical object hovered outside a window on December 16, 1957. Only when its
motion ceased and the glow faded did four square windows become
visible along its horizontal axis.
Table 11 contains typical examples of unusual light qualities.
TABLE 11. UNUSUAL LIGHT QUALITIES
Date & Location
june 24, 1966
Richmond, VA
August 24, 1967
Wodonga, Victoria,
Australia
November 20, 1968
Hanbury, UK
March 6, 1969
Lancaster, MO
june 19, 1969
Docking!Bircham
Newton, UK
December 10, 1973
Hochries,
Germany
july 26, 1974
Camden, N.S.W.,
Australia
February 26, 1975
Lake Sorell,
Tasmania
August 29, 1975
Muret, France
October 28, 1975
Loring AFB, ME
August 11, 1978
Roosevelt, UT
Description
Elliptical object with row of body lights, diffused
by surrounding mist or vapor (see section V)
Blindingly bright lens-shaped disc with surrounding pinkish glow (see section XII)
Brilliant object took off from field, passed over
car, hovered, appeared to "quiver like jelly" as it
hovered""
Domed disc beamed light onto road, particles
visible in beam, road beyond distorted as if
viewed through heat waves (see section I)
Bluish dome-shaped object with surrounding
orange glow (see section VI)
Egg-shaped UFO with rotating body lights
glowed red, lights obscured as moved to new
position; when stopped and hovered, lights
again became visible (see section I)
Egg-shaped object with numerous body lights
swooped low over a paddock, creating a 50-
foot circle of shimmering light on the ground127
UFO emitted light beam onto lake, surface
glowed a fluorescent blue-white (see section VI)
UFO with pulsating light beam (see section VI)
UFO with shimmering light like heat waves,
blending colors (see section 11)
Silver dome-shaped object surrounded by
green glow (see section V)
Date &: Location
September 22, 1978
Buenos Aires Province,
Argentina
August 29, 1979
Ernestowo, Poland
April10, 1983
Ross, OH
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
Propulsion Clues
Description
Yellow oval UFO with violet tint (see section VI)
Silver cigar with orange light, windows,
hovered, sped away leaving orange afterglow
that gradually faded""
Glowing object landed in field, its light pulsating; object rose slowly, stopped, its light dimmed and flickering body lights became visible;
object accelerated away (see section I)
Bluish haze in car brightly illuminated by
UFO (see section I)
just as automobiles or aircraft do, craftlike UFOs often emit exhaustlike smoke or sparks, make engine-like sounds, and display rotating
or moving parts. When human vehicles are revved up for acceleration,
or they make certain maneuvers, these effects typically are increased
or modified, depending on the circumstances. Parallels have been observed with the appearance and performance of UFOs, especially during acceleration and deceleration and while hovering.
Witnesses in close encounters also have reported air movement,
pressure, and heat, and such physiological effects as tingling or shock.
UFOs blasting off from the ground have scorched foliage and modified
soil structure through heating or compression (see section VII, Physiological Effects and Physical Traces). Cases of UFOs being surrounded by clouds or vapor suggest that the surrounding air has been
ionized. Collectively, these features could provide valuable clues
about the motive power of UFOs.
All of the bits and pieces of observational evidence charted below
point to application of antigravity fields as the probable source of energy for the UFO propulsion system. Former NASA engineer Paul Hill
credits rocket pioneer Hermann Oberth with first suggesting that
UFOs are propelled by "gravity conversion," and Hill analyzes the
antigravity propulsion concept in light of features like those reported
here. 129 Rotary motion observed on UFOs is reported in section X.
Tables 12a through 12c furnish examples of UFO phenomena that
can be interpreted as components or by-products of the propulsion system: (a) bands or rings; (b) exhaust or by-products; and (c) sound.
TABLE 12A. PROPULSION CLUES-BANDS OR RINGS
Date & location
December 21, 1964
Staunton, VA
August 4, 1967
La Guaira, Federal
District, Venezuela
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
October 29, 1970
Helleland, Norway
March 9, 1974
Milan, Italy
April15, 1975
Sanjose, CA
May 2, 1980
San]ose, CA
Description
Band of glowing light around base of cone (see
section I)
Saturn-shaped object with intense red and blue
rotating ring emerged from sea, flew away (see
section I)
Domed disc with revolving red band (see
section V)
Shiny blue band around rim of hovering disc
(see section VI)
Disc with yellow and red rings around it,
brilliant white light in center (see section Ill)
Orange glow around rim of disc (see section IV)
Shiny sphere with blue-green band in center,
orange on underside (see section VI)
UFO Exhaust or By-Products
Unlike human aircraft, UFOs are not generally known to create sonic
booms. Otherwise, they replicate familiar effects of human technology. Commonly reported UFO features suggestive of exhaust products
or physicaVchemical interactions with the environment, examples of
which are described in table 12b, include:
 Surrounding fog, haze, mist;
 Flame or sparks;
 Trails (fiery or luminous); or
 Wind or rushing air.
TABLE 12B. PROPULSION CLUES-EXHAUST OR BY-PRODUCTS
Date & Location
March 15, 1965
Everglades, FL
May 28, 1965
Townsville, Queensland
Australia
August 19, 1965
Cherry Creek, NY
September 16, 1965
Pretoria,
South Africa
December 20, 1965
Herman, MN
May 16, 1966
Temple City, CA
january 15, 1967
Granville, MA
March 10, 1967
Dareton, Australia
May 3, 1967
Philadelphia, PA
September 10, 1967
Barcelona, Spain
july 29, 1968
La Atalaya,
Argentina
December 20, 1968
Havelock North,
New Zealand
Description
Wind blast, jetlike noises from low-hovering
cone (see section I)
Disc buzzed airliner, exhaust gases visible
(see section III)
Ellipse emitted red vapor underneath, left
yellow trail while moving horizontally (see
section I)
Disc with dome took off from highway,
emitting flames from underside; scorched
road surface (see section V)
Hovering disc with dome and windows
ascended with whistling sound, sparks from
underside""
Disc with dome and surrounding haze,
apparent shape changes (see section VIII,
1966 Sighting Wave)
Disc with bright lights, red flamelike
jets from one end while in motion131
Domed oval object surrounded by haze
hovered ahead of car, sped away132
Disc with ports, top section revolving, emitted
thin vapor that changed to red sparks as UFO
shot straight up into overcast 133
Haze or mist around lower portion of shiny
cone that buzzed airliner (see section III)
Dome-shaped object with brilliant glow on
underside flew across road; E-M effects on
car, landed in field'"
Disc with dome and body lights hovered,
flames and vapor emitted from underside;
shot up out of sight leaving a vapor trail"'
394
Date & location
May 24, 1971
Mendoza,
Argentina
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
October 4, 1973
Chatsworth, CA
October 16, 1973
Pine, LA
April16, 1974
Casale
Monferrato, Italy
April15, 1975
SanJose, CA
August 14, 1975
Stockton, CA
March 9, 1977
Nelson, North
Lancashire, UK
June 18, 1978
Lurate Caccivic,
Italy
September 18, 1978
Melaria, Porto
Nogaro district,
Italy
August 29, 1979
Ernestowo, Poland
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Saturn-shaped UFO descended, emitting smoke
cloud; later sped away leaving vapor trail
(see section Vl)
Elongated object near ground, emitted red
sparks or particles; finally flew away
surrounded by bluish vapor or halo (see
section Vl)
Humanoids boarded hovering elliptical object;
foglike vapor enveloped entire craft as it took off
with whining sound (see section XII)
Luminous orange objects obscured at times
by cloudlike vapor (see section V)
Jets of flame from bottom of disc, rotation, blast
of air as it took off (see section XII)
Domed disk approached, hovered overhead,
orange glow visible around edge, sparks fell
from bottom, disappearing after falling about
six ft. (see section IV)
Red-orange disc with bright orange glow;
gray mist formed around it, object darted
around, finally sped away (see section Ill)
Ellipse with body lights, gray mist formed
as it hovered, pressure felt (see section Vl)
Revolving red-orange object emitted short
white trail as it zigzagged (see section Vlll,
1978 Sighting Wave)
Disc with dome and three legs on ground;
bluish tongue of flame from underside as it
took off (see section XII)
Hovering silvery cigar emitted sparks from
trailing end as it sped away over horizon136
Date &: Location
September 14, 1979
Canoga Park, CA
AprillO, 1980
Lincolnton, NC
July 12, 1981
Temuka, New
Zealand
january 7, 1986
Butler, PA
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
Sound
Description
Disc like two bowls ahead of car, apparent
jets of flame around its perimeter; object
Hovered, moved rapidlym
Red disc emitted light beam to ground,
took off at 45-degree angle, making intense
humming sound and leaving exhaust trail138
Dome-shaped object with windows followed
car; fanlike yellow-red exhaust when in motion
(see section I)
Hovering silver-gray disc, "mist" formed
around it, object tilted, moved away""
Hovering oval emitted a bright ball of fire
from underside as it began moving away'""
Hovering silvery oval, hummingbird-like
motions, emitting humming sound while in
motion; finally flew away leaving silverywhite trail (see section V)
Although the stereotype of silent UFOs generally is true, at least compared with known aircraft, UFOs do make a variety of sounds that can
be heard at relatively close range. These typically include "humming"
or "buzzing" (often described as sounding like a swarm of bees);
"whistling," "whirring," "hissing," and "whoosh" (rushing air)
sounds, which may be air rushing in to fill a vacuum created by the
sudden departure of a solid object. Occasionally "beeping" sounds are
also heard.
These sounds may provide some clue to the nature of UFO propulsion, so examples are listed in table l2c, along with indications of
what the UFO was doing at the time, and whether changes of motion
or direction affected the nature of the sound. Often the sounds appear
to correlate with rapid acceleration from a hovering position or if the
UFO has landed and is taking off from the ground. Hovering UFOs often emit a humming sound.
TABLE 12C. PROPULSION CLUES-SOUND
Date &: Location
November 23, 1957
Tonopah, NV
April24, 1964
Newark Valley, NY
April24, 1964
Socorro, NM
May 10, 1964
La Rioja, Argentina
june 29, 1964
Lavonia, GA
December 21, 1964
Staunton, VA
March 15, 1965
Everglades, FL
May 24, 1965
Mackay, Australia
july 19, 1965
Vaucluse, N.S.W.,
Australia
August 4, 1965
Abilene, KS
September 14, 1965
Langenhoe, Essex,
UK
December 20, 1965
Herman, MN
Description
Four discs with domes on ground, steady
humming sound; hum increased in pitch when
they took off (see section II)
Egg-shaped object hovered near ground,
emitting humming sound; humanoid encounter
(see section XII)
Egg-shaped object on ground; loud roar, rose
vertically, noise stopped, whine from high
to low tone for one second; object flew away
horizontally (see section V)
Soft humming sound as UFO rose from
ground14'
Hissing sound as UFO repeatedly buzzed car
(see section XII)
"Whoosh" sound just before UFO took off from
ground at high speed (see section I)
Hovering UFO made generator-like sound;
emitted jetlike sound and blast of air, witness
knocked unconscious (see section I)
UFO on ground took off with soft buzzing sound
(see section VII, Physical Traces)
UFO on ground took off with sound of rushing
air (see section IV)
Windlike sound and bluish sparks as UFO
took off from on or near the road surface
(see section VI)
High-pitched hum changing to buzz as UFO
approached to close range; E-M effects and
paralysis (see section IV)
Low-hovering UFO ascended with whistling
sound, emitting sparks from underside'"
Date &: Location
january 20, 1966
Katanning,
N.S.W., Australia
March 31, 1966
Vicksburg, MI
April17, 1966
Ravenna, OH
january 15, 1967
Granville, MA
March 5, 1967
Pierre, SO
March 6, 1967
Benton Harbor, MI
March 8, 1967
Henderson, IL
March 8, 1967
Leominster, MA
April1, 1967
Hessel, CA
April 20, 1967
Bolten, MA
May 6, 1967
St. George, UT
july 9, 1967
Harrisburg, PA
November 15, 1967
Yerecoin, Australia
Description
Blindingly bright oval UFO hovered with
sound like swarming bees"'
Buzzing sound like swarming bees just before
hovering UFO took off and sped away (see
section VI)
Humming sound as UFO rose overhead from
side of road, illuminated ground (see section V)
Disc with portholes, bright illumination of
grounrl, humming sound "like a giant bumblebee"111
Humming sound heard as V-shaped object
passed low over car'"
Hissing sound heard as oval object with body
lights hovered""
Dome-shaped object with spinning rim,
pulsating red light, passed overhead with
hissing sound'"
Hovering UFO emitted humming sound,
accelerated upward (see section VI)
Luminous red object with dome hovered in
front of car emitting brilliant light, highpitched whine""
Hovering bowl-shaped object emitted humming
sound"
Circular yellowish object with dome hovered
overhead, making a loud humming sound' 50
Hovering circular UFO made humming sound
before moving away"'
Hum like generator as UFO descended near
farm vehicle (see section VI)
398
Date &: Location
April3, 1968
Beausejour, Manitoba,
Canada
july 30, 1968
Claremont, NH
October 30, 1969
Waipukurau,
New Zealand
january 7, 1970
lmjarvi, Finland
August 16, 1970
Puente de Herrera,
Valladoid, Spain
January 8, 1971
La Picada, Argentina
August 8, 1971
Kadina,
South Australia
December 2, 1971
Osuna, Sevilla, Spain
August 19, 1972
Colby, KS
September 27, 1973
Bedarrides, France
October 4, 1973
Chatsworth, CA
October 17, 1973
Danielsville, GA
October 19, 1973
Goshen, OH
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
UFO with body lights emitted loud humming
sound as it hovered over highway"'
Hovering UFO made loud humming sound and
luminosity increased just before taking off
(see section I)
Hovering UFO made whirring sound as it sped
away (see section VI)
Buzzing sound attracted attention to approaching
UFO; sound grew louder as it neared (see section
XII)
UFO took off from ground with intense
whistling sound"'
UFO on or near ground emitted loud whistle
as it sped away (see section VI)
Disc approached and hovered, emitting a
"buzzing" or "purring" sound'"
UFO hovering just off ground emitted shrill
whistle (see section VI)
Brightly luminous hovering UFO made
"whoosh" sound like a vacuum cleaner as it shot
up into sky (see section V)
Oval object took off from ground with a
whistling sound (see section XII)
Elliptical object hovered near ground, took
off with whining sound (see section XII)
Egg-shaped UFO took off from on or near
ground with whooshing sound (see section XII)
Disc with dome took off from ground with low
humming sound (see section XII)
Date & Location
March 30, 1974
Hombreiro, Lugo,
Spain
April 16, 1974
Casale
Monferrato, Italy
February 14, 1975
Petite-lie,
Reunion, France
july 31, 1975
Loxton, South Africa
September 30, 1975
Corning, CA
September (late), 1977
Parkstone, Dorset, UK
February 3, 1978
Seven Mile Beach,
Tasmania
july 18, 1978
Lurate Caccivic,
Italy
August 11, 1978
Roosevelt, UT
August 11, 1978
Buffalo Shoals, NC
September 2, 1978
San Michele, Italy
September 18, 1978
Melaria, Porto Nogaro
district, Italy
October 8, 1978
Ord, NE
Description
Yellow-green UFO rose off ground with soft
buzzing or whistling sound"'
Disc with clear dome, humanoids visible,
took off and flew away with whistling sound
(see section XII)
Disc with dome, humanoids emerged, encounter
with witness; took off rapidly with loud
whistling sound (see section XII)
Silvery oval on ground, took off with loud
whine (see section XII)
Domed disc emitting bright red light made
humming sound as it hovered"6
Humming sound attracted witness to
approaching domed disc (see section XII)
Witness attracted to disc-shaped UFO by
whining sound (see section XII)
Red-orange object hovered, resumed revolving
and emitted hissing sound as it departed
(see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
UFO emitted purring sound as it moved
overhead (see section V)
Domed disc hovered, shot straight up into
sky with loud humming noise"'
Metallic cigar-shaped object emitted hissing
sound as it took off from field (see section Vlll,
1978 Sighting Wave)
Disc with dome, three legs, made loud
rumbling noise and piercing whistle, rose
vertically from ground (see section XII)
Disc hovered at low altitude with loud
buzzing sound""
400
Date & location
january 3, 1979
Mindalore, South Africa
April 10, 1980
lincolnton, NC
September 30, 1980
Rosedale, Victoria,
Australia
May 22, 1982
Cleveland, TX
November 19, 1982
Temperanceville, VA
September 15, 1985
Bagshot Heath,
Surrey, UK
December 14, 1987
launceston,
Northern Tasmania
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
February 11, 1989
San Antonio, TX
November 29, 1989
Eupen, Belgium
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Truncated egg-shaped craft on ground, took
off with buzzing sound (see section XII)
Hovering red disc took off at 45-degree
angle making intense humming sound1""
UFO emitted whistling sound while spinning
(see section I)
Diamond-shaped object with body lights flew
over at treetop height; whining sound heard as
object sped away160
Circular object with body lights flew over car
emitting a humming sound "like a generator"161
UFO paced car, brightly illuminating area;
made humming noise, took offl62
Elliptical object on road, rose with highpitched whine163
Silvery oval UFO emitted humming sound while
in motion (see section V)
Witness attracted by humming sound saw
hovering disc1""
Dark triangular object making faint humming
sound, cast light beam onto police car (see
section I)
Color Changes/Motion
Hundreds of cases contain descriptions of UFOs that changed color
(or luminosity) while accelerating or decelerating, or while initiating
motion from a hovering position. These reports may provide important clues about the nature of UFO propulsion.
The UFO Evidence in 1964 included a "Study of Color Changes Related to Motion" based on a much smaller sample of data than is now
available. 165 It was hypothesized that when UFOs accelerate, their colors tend to shift from the blue end of the spectrum to the red-orange.
This has been tested against a much larger sample with some partial
confirmation, but overall mixed results. Other uncontrolled variables
may be the type of craft, its position (on the ground, hovering, in slow
motion) when the acceleration or deceleration occurs, and the vector
of motion (vertical, horizontal).
Table 13 includes a sample of relevant cases since 1964.
TABLE 13. COLOR CHANGES AND MOTION
Date &: Location
july 19, 1965
Vaucluse, N.S.W:,
Australia
july 25, 1965
Carnaravon,
Western Australia
April 26, 1967
St. Catharines,
Ontario, Canada
july 25, 1967
Garrison, ND
August 24, 1967
Wodonga, Victoria,
Australia
October 27, 1967
Parshall, ND
April4, 1968
Cochrane, WI
November 25, 1968
Marcellus, NY
Description
Domed disc on beach, blue-green glow on lower
rim; yellow-orange glow emitted from underside
when it took off with rushing-air sound (see
section IV)
Luminous green oval or ellipse dove toward
car headlights changing color to orange,
then bright red' 66
Blinding red object descended, beamed light
onto dog; flashed green, turned yellow-white
and moved away erratically167
Round blue-white object hovered, moved
erratically, changed color to red when accelerating, back to blue-white when slowing (see
section VI)
Blindingly bright blue-white disc turned pinkish,
hovered; color changed to bright red as object
tilted up and shot away (see section XII)
Red UFO turned blue, green, and finally
yellow with acceleration (see section V)
Glowing orange UFO hovered over car; color
changed to bright red when in motion
UFO with red blinking lights; color changed
to blue-white as object executed turn and
accelerated' ..
402
Date & Location
August 19, 1972
Colby, KS
December 10, 1973
Hochries, Germany
May 3, 1975
San Antonio, TX
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
October 26, 1977
Between Abiline
and Dallas, TX
july 22, 1989
Blue Hill Bay, ME
Luminosity/Motion
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Orange-red UFO hovered, moved, turned bluegreen as it gained altitude (see section V)
Elliptical UFO changed color from yellow to
red with acceleration (see section I)
Saturn-shaped UFO with reddish glow, light
on front changed from amber to "bright, cherry
red" as it stopped and hovered (see section XII)
Disc glowed orange with motion, changed to
red with acceleration (see section VI)
Red sphere ahead of plane, changed color to
white and climbed vertically at high speed
(see section III)
Shiny oval making quick stops and starts moved
ahead of plane glowing red, sped away (see
section III)
In 18 of 25 cases sampled in The UFO Evidence report (1964), luminosity increased with acceleration. This pattern appears to be strongly
confirmed by more complete data. Reports of color and luminosity
changes coinciding with acceleration or deceleration (sometimes accompanied by sound) have become a distinct pattern, suggestive of a
propulsion system powering up and powering down. Examples of these
are included in table 14.
TABLE H. LUMINOSITY INCREASE WITH ACCELERATION
Date & Location
March 23, 1966
Bangor, ME
March 9, 1967
Galesburg, IL
Description
UFO on ground, humming sound heard; object
brightened and took off at high speed170
Circular object with body lights, emitted
explosive, blinding burst of brilliant white
light before accelerating away (see section V)
Date &: Location
July 30, 1968
Claremont, NH
November 20, 1968
Hanbury, UK
August 19, 1972
Colby, KS
October 15, 1973
Pine, LA
August 29, 1975
Muret, HauteGaronne, France
September 10, 1976
Colusa, CA
October 14, 1978
Villa Carmela,
Tucuman, Argentina
August 11, 1987
Osbornville, NJ
June 8, 1991
Concepcion,
Paraguay
Description
Low-hovering disc, loud humming sound and
increased luminosity as it took off (see section I)
As UFO took off from field and began climbing,
its luminosity increased until so intense that it
hurt witnesses' eyes to look at it'"
Hovering UFO suddenly emitted intense,
blinding white light, "whooshing" noise,
shot straight up out of sight in seconds
(see section V)
Pulsating orange object dimmed as it hovered,
swinging like pendulum, brightened as it darted
at high speed (see section V)
Hovering silvery object emitted "dazzling" light,
moved above car, stopped; light pulsated from
dim to bright and took on a reddish cast (see
section VI)
Disc with dome, bright light from underside,
moved around; light dimmed when object
hovered (see section I)
Light from UFO illuminated terrain, luminosity
increased as object sped away (see section VIII,
1978 Sighting Wave)
Bright silvery oval object hovered, brightness
increased as as it took off "like a shot" 172
Brightly luminous blue-white oval followed
plane to airport, hovered, glowing red (see
section III)
Mass Displacement/Light Deflection
Cases of mass displacement and inertial effects (cars and other physical objects being lifted, moved, or slowed in the presence of UFOs)
are reported in section VII. They, and light deflection cases, which are
somewhat rare but not unknown, suggest that control or manipulation of gravity may be at the heart of UFOs' propulsion systems. This
would be consistent with the numerous electromagnetic effects they
cause (see section VII) and with various light phenomena reported
above. Examples of UFOs evidencing light deflection are included in
table 15.
TABLE 15. LIGHT DEFLECTION CASES
Date & Location
April4, 1966
Burkes Flat,
Victoria, Australia
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
April 2, 1980
Pudasjarvi,
Finland

Description
Motorist driving toward a UFO "shaped
like an ice cream cone of colored light, and
an associated disc"; car headlights were bent
toward the phenomenon173
Object and satellite objects on ground observed
by numerous motorists; flashlight beam shone
at object in field was deflected upward at
right angles (see section VI)
A car drove into a mysterious "fog," and its
headlights were deflected upward during the
beginning of an abduction (see section XIII)

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

1. McDonald (1968b), 57-58.
2. Fowler (1974), 348.
3. Rochester (NY) Democrat & Chronicle, August 3, 1967.
4. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
5. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 15.
6. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement Four (April197l): 12.
7. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 30-31.
8. Frola (1990), 129.
9. "UFO Sighting From Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
10. Grand Island (NE) Independent, October 18, 1978.
11. La Naci6n, Buenos Aires, October 21, 1978; see section VIII, 1978 Sighting
Wave.
12. La Cronica, Buenos Aires, November 11, 1978; see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave.
13. MUFON UFO journal, December 1981, 13.
14. U.EO. Investigator (November-December 1965): 3.
15. U.EO. Investigator (November-December 1965): 3.
16. "UFO Sighting From Aircraft" report form, Dr. Richard F. Haines.
17. Ibid.
18. New Richmond (WI) News, September 27, 1979.
19. MUFON UFO journal (October 1981): 6.
20. Topeka (KS) Statejournal, March 7, 1967.
21. Skylook (February 1974): 9.
22. Skylook (September 1974): 14; Bloecher (1975), 58-59.
23. Report in NICAP files.
24. Report in NICAP files.
25. Rodeghier (1981), p. 41.
26. Melbourne Sun, December 13, 1968.
27. Rapid City (SD) journal, March 7, 1967.
28. Riverside (CA) Enterprise, November 28, 1978.
29. MUFON UFO journal (March-April1979): 8-9.
30. Clark (1990), 218.
31. International UFO Reporter Oanuary-February 1988): 17-18.
32. Ibid., 18.
33. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
34. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 17.
35. MUFON UFO journal (May 1992): 6-7.
36. MUFON UFO journal (December 1992): 18.
37. International UFO Reporter (May-june 1994): 4-8, 23.
38. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 46.
39. Fowler (1974), 125-27.
40. Fowler (1974), 340.
41. Omaha (NE) World-Herald, january I8, 1967.
42. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 34.
43. Air Force unexplained case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
44. Investigation report by Henry McKay, April17, 1967, NICAP files.
45. Fowler (1974), 347.
46. Ibid., 348.
4 7. Ibid., 348.
48. Air Force unexplained case; see Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
49. Harrisburg (PA) Evening News, july 12, 1967.
50. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
51. APRO Bulletin Oanuary-February 1968): 3.
52. UFO Fact & Comment, Goodyear UFO Society, Akron, OH, january 9, 1968.
53. Skylook (May 1975): 12-14.
54. La Naci6n, Buenos Aires, October 2I, 1978; see section Vlll, 1978 Sighting
Wave.
55. Hertfordshire Mercury, Hertford, UK, April6, 1979.
56. MUFON UFO journal (April1983): 3.
57. MUFON UFO journal (October 1983): 16.
58. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 7.
59. Ibid., 8.
60. Ocean County Observer, Brick Town, NJ, August 16, 1987.
61. MUFON UFO journal (April1990): 15.
62. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 17.
63. Gillmor (1969), 285; Hartford (CT) Courant, January 16, 1967.
64. Omaha (NE) World-Herald, January 18, 1967.
65. Lubbock (TX) Avalanche-journal, August 10, 1967.
66. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1968): 32; The West Australian, November 17, 1967.
67. MUFON UFO journal (November 1976): 14.
68. International UFO Reporter (May-June 1987): 17.
69. Crowthorne News, Berkshire, UK, September 20, 1985.
70. MUFON UFO journal (April1988): 20.
71. Von Ludwiger (1993a), 53.
72. Hertfordshire Mercury, Hertford, UK, April 6, 1979.
73. MUFON UFO journal (February 1987): 14-15.
74. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
75. Salisbury (1974), Appendix B.
76. Keyhoe and Lore (l969a), 43.
77. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 12; Air Force unexplained case.
78. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 34.
79. United Press International story; Air Force unexplained case.
80. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 41-42.
81. McDonald (1968b), 74; Corning (CA) Daily Observer, July 6, 1967.
82. U.EO. Investigator (October 1967): 3.
83. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 43.
84. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 15.
85. New Orleans (LA) Times Picayune, November 24, 1968; Gulfport (MS) Daily
Herald, November 23, 1968.
86. Flying Saucer Review (May-June 1972): 4-7.
87. Skylook (February 1974): 9.
88. Skylook (March 1975): 3-7.
89. Frola (1990), 138: UFOIC Newsletter (April-May 1975).
90. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 20, 22.
91. York (PA) Dispatch, April3, 1978.
92. Grand Island (NE) Independent, October 18, 1978.
93. Von Ludwiger (1993), 53.
94. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Oune 1980).
95. Biloxi-Gulfport (MS) Daily Herald, May 14, 1980.
96. International UFO Reporter (September-October 1982).
97. Good (1987), 97-100; Flying Saucer Review 28(3) (1983):15-19.
98. MUFON UFO journal (October 1983): 16.
99. Clark (1990), 217.
100. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 7.
101. MUFON UFO journal (February 1990): 15-16.
102. MUFON UFO journal (November 1989): 18.
103. MUFON UFO journal (May 1990): 21.
104. MUFON UFO journal (May 1990): 17.
105. Report in NICAP files.
106. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1966): 32.
107. Salisbury (1974), 55-61.
108. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 40-41.
109. Ibid., 45.
llO. Frola (1990), 115.
lll. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1972): 4-7.
112. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 37, Case 155.
113. Madison Press, London, OH, October 17, 1973.
114. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 46-47, Case 180.
115. Frola (1990), 138.
116. MUFON UFO journal (August 1976): 15;jyllands Posten, February 25, 1975.
117. Skylook (October 1975): 14.
118. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 20, 22.
119. MUFON UFO journal (February 1990): 20-21.
120. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter (July 1980): Case 21-80.
121. Crowthorne News, Berkshire, UK, September 20, 1985; London Sunday Mirror, September 29, 1985.
122. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
123. MUFON UFO journal (October 1987): 15.
124. Clark (1990), 21.
125. MUFON UFO journal (july 1992): 19.
126. Flying Saucer Review (January-February 1969): 2-3, 24.
127. MUFON UFO journal (July 1989): 20.
128. International UFO Reporter (May-june 1987): 17.
129. Hill (1995).
130. Report in NICAP files.
131. Hartford (CT) Courant, january 16, 1967.
132. Flying Saucer Review (July-August 1967): 30.
133. APRO Bulletin (May-june 1967): 12.
134. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 13 (February 1973): 14.
135. U.F.O. Investigator, IV(10) (1969): 3.
136. International UFO Reporter (May-june 1987): 17.
137. MUFON UFO journal (December 1981): 13.
138. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Oune 1980).
139. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 7.
140. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
141. Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Suppl. 12 (December 1972): 11
142. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 50.
143. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1966): 32.
144. Hartford (CT) Courant, january 16, 1967.
145. Rapid City (SD) journal, March 7, 1967.
146. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
147. UPI story in various newspapers; Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue
Book files, National Archives.
148. Report in NICAP files.
149. Fowler (1974), 347.
150. Salt Lake City (UT) Tribune, May 7, 1967.
151. Harrisburg (PA) Evening News, july 12, 1967.
152. Beausejour (Manitoba, Canada), Beaver, April 9, 1968.
153. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 30-31.
154. Frola (1990), 115.
155. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 46-47.
156. Skylook (October 1975): 14.
157. Maiden (NC) Times, August 16, 1978.
158. Grand Island (NE) Independent, October 18, 1978.
159. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Oune 1980).
160. MUFON UFO journal (April1983): 3.
161. MUFON UFO journal (October 1983): 16.
162. London (UK) Sunday Mirror, September 29, 1985.
163. Clark (1990), 21.
164. MUFON UFO journal (February 1990): 15-16.
165. Hall (1964), 152.
166. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1965): iv; Perth West Australian, August 14, 1965.
167. Report in NICAP files.
168. CUFOS Report; see Rodeghier (1981), 40.
169. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 40-41.
170. Report in NICAP files.
171. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1969): 2-3, 24.
172. Ocean County Observer, Brick Town, NJ, August 16, 1987.
173. Chalker (1976), 5; Chalker (1996), 114-15.

==============================================================================
SECTION X. Motions and Flight Patterns

UFOs have displayed the following characteristic flight and maneuver patterns:
 Hover-Acceleration  Hummingbird-like Motions
 Formations  Instant Relocation
 Satellite Objects  Contour Flying
 Oscillation  Intelligence/Awareness
 Rotary Motion
Hover-Acceleration
A characteristic maneuver of UFOs is the frequently reported act of
hovering, followed by sudden, rapid acceleration. Typical UFOs (i.e.,
disc-shaped, elliptical, oval) have been observed over and over again
to hover silently (or with a humming sound), often for long periods
of time, then to speed away abruptly and disappear in seconds. Often
the direction of departure is either straight up or at a steep upward angle, until the object dwindles to a speck and disappears into the upper atmosphere or beyond.
A number of awed witnesses have described watching a relatively
large typical UFO, hovering at night, suddenly streak upward until it
diminished in size to a pinpoint of light and was lost to view in the
stars. Sections I-VI include many reports illustrating this feature.
Table l includes typical examples of UFOs that have pulled a rapid
disappearing act.
TABLE l. HOVER-ACCELERATION CASES
Date & Location
April24, 1964
Newark Valley, NY
November 12, 1966
Fort Ontario, NY
November 30, 1966
New Kingston, PA
May 3, 1967
Philadelphia, PA
February 4, 1968
Redlands, CA
November 22, 1968
Biloxi, MS
December 8, 1968
Grey, South Australia
November 8, 1973
La Paz, Bolivia
November 28, 1974
Shabbona, IL
April 15, 1975
San jose, CA
September 30, 1975
Corning, CA
August 11, 1977
Hayden, AL
Description
Egg-shaped object rose at a slight angle, sped away
"so fast I could hardly see it" (see section XII)
Domed disc with portholes hovered, shot up
out of sight'
Saucer-shaped object with blinking red light
approached, hovered alongside airplane, shot
straight up out of sight'
Disc with row of spots like windows hovered
ahead of car, shot straight up into overcast sky'
Round object with portholes moved erratically,
hovered, then sped away (see section VI)
Inverted domed disc hovered over shrimp boat,
beamed a light down, shot straight up out of
sight
Top-shaped object descended, paced car,
suddenly sped away "almost faster than the
eye could follow"'
Hovering top-shaped object pursued by jet interceptor, shot straight up out of sight (see section II)
Circular object paced alongside plane, tilted at
angle, "accelerated to a fantastic speed," out of
sight in less than a second
Domed disc approached, hovered overhead;
after about five minutes, shot straight up into
sky diminishing to tiny point of light, out of
sight in seconds (see section IV)
Domed disc hovered, emitting bright red
light; finally took off at very high speed'
Domed disc with legs, body lights, alternately
moved rapidly and hovered; finally accelerated
and sped out of sight"
Date & Location
August 11, 1978
Buffalo Shoals, NC
October 8, 1978
Ord, NE
May 5, 1979
Pampulhas, Belo
Horizonte, Brazil
August 29, 1979
Ernestowo, Poland
September 14, 1979
Canoga Park, CA
August 11, 1987
Osbornville, NJ
May 24, 1990
North Huntingdon, PA
June 8, 1991
Concepcion,
Paraguay
Formations
Description
Domed disc hovered for about one minute,
shot straight up into sky
Saucer-shaped object with windows hovered,
humanoid beings seen; craft shot straight up
and disappeared10
Object with portholes landed in field, bright
illumination; took off "vertically at great
speeds""
Silvery cigar with windows hovered, suddenly
sped away over the horizon"
Disc like two bowls rim-to-rim hovered low
ahead of car; tilted, darted to new position, took
off at "very high speed," and disappeared"
Metallic-appearing oval with body lights
hovered, suddenly took off like a "shot out
of a rifle," stopped; finally "shot straight up""
Hovering delta-shaped object with body lights
suddenly departed at high speed"
Hovering oval object accelerated so rapidly that
it disappeared after one sweep of the radar
scope, too fast to be tracked (see section III)
UFOs frequently are observed operating jointly, often in pairs and in
formations of three or more objects. The observed performance suggests coordinated activities among sentient beings rather than random
actions. Some typical examples appear in table 2.
TABLE 2. FORMATION FLIGHTS
Date &: Location
june 23, 1964
Vero Beach, FL
july 16, 1964
Houghton Lake, Ml
September 25, 1965
Rodeo, NM
March 14, 1966
Dexter, MI
january 18, 1967
Shamokin, PA
February 6, 1967
Deming, NM
February 25, 1967
Minneapolis, MN
March 6, 1967
Benton Harbor, MI
November 26, 1968
Bismarck, ND
November 26, 1968
Lake Cyprus, FL
Description
Fifteen+ discs paced car, tipping back and forth,
formed V, then circular formation; objects split
formation, passed on either side of trees16
Pilot observed formation of four white lights in
echelon, joined by two others, paced aircraft for
five minutes"
Two round white objects flew side by side at an
altitude of 30-50 feet, paced car for six minutes18
Sheriffs reported disc-shaped objects moving at
fantastic speeds and making sharp turns, diving
and climbing, hovering; four UFOs in straight-line
formation observed at one point (see section V)
Disc-shaped object approached at low altitude,
emitted two light beams downward; turned, rose
suddenly and joined second object, both sped
away horizontally'
Two green cigar-like objects with windows; first
hovered low over road, paced car; second rose
from ground, joined first, both sped away in
seconds20
Three silvery discs with body lights, banked into
a turn; lead disc once glowed red like molten
iron"
Oval object with body lights joined by second
object, both hovered, oscillatory motions"
Two luminous objects moving in opposite
directions stopped, hovered; one sped toward the
other and took position next to it, then both
sped away (see section Ill)
Two pilots observed four oval objects pacing
their airplanes; when one pilot turned toward the
UFOs, they changed formation to a vertical stack
and shot up out of sight"
Date & Location
March 17, 1969
Lake Havasu, AZ
january 26, 1974
Lisbon, Portugal
August 11, 1974
Concord, NH
September 1, 1974
Langenburg,
Saskatchewan, Canada
August 11, 1977
Hayden, AL
February 5, 1978
Klamath Falls, OR
March 22, 1978
Minnesota-Wisconsin
border
january 6, 1981
Payson, AZ
Satellite Objects
Description
White ovals (15-20) dipped and undulated
in unison"
V-formation of 10-15 orange discs"
Three luminous objects in triangle formation;
fourth object rose from trees, flew overhead'
Five dome-shaped objects rose from field,
formed in straight line formation, ascended
into low clouds (see section I)
Disc with dome, body lights, hovered, darted
around; joined by second UFO, both shot out of
sight to the north"
V-formation of 10 white-orange lights paced
airplane on starboard side for about 10 seconds,
then climbed and sped away'"
Two waves of sightings, formations of red lights,
single round objects with red body lights, orange
globes, straight-line and oblique formations'
Four silvery discs maneuvered and turned in
diamond formation30
Cases involving relatively small objects that emerge from and operate
independently of a larger object, something like an airborne aircraft
carrier, strongly suggest intelligence behind the performance of UFOs.
These satellite object cases are common. The UFO Evidence (1964)
listed more than two dozen examples of this phenomenon in which
the parent objects usually were cigar-shaped, oval, or elliptical. 31
On occasion, the mother ship phenomenon has been tracked on
radar. A particularly dramatic case occurred on December 6, 1952,
when an Air Force B-29 bomber crew tracked up to 20 unidentified
objects, in separate groups, flying at over 5,000 mph (8,000 km!h)
above the Gulf of Mexico. Crew members saw blue-white lights cor-
0 0
UFO with "satellite objects" (see section lll, Pilot Sightings).
responding to radar blips as they streaked by the plane. Finally, the
smaller objects were observed on radar merging with a huge objecta half-inch (0.25 em) blip on the scope-which then sped away at "a
computed speed of over 9,000 mph [14,400 kmlh]." 32
Table 3 lists a sample of satellite object cases since 1964, with the
same pattern of shapes as reported in earlier cases.
TABLE 3. SATELLITE OBJECTS
Date &: Location
June 2, 1966
Massillon, OH
September 17, 1966
Cranes Beach,
Ipswich Bay, MA
September 22, 1966
Deadwood, SD
February 18, 1967
Chatsworth, GA
January 13, 1968
Carlisle, PA
Description
Luminous cigar-shaped object stopped, discharged three smaller objects that flew off in different directions"
Hovering luminous yellow cigar-shaped object
emitted smaller glowing objects that moved
around independentlyl'
Round white object hovered, changed colors;
two smaller objects streaked toward parent
object from opposite directions, stopped near it,
parent object gyrated around (see section V)
Cigar-shaped object with two satellite objects"
Large round white object, at times reddish,
emitted smaller objects that maneuvered
independently'
Date &: Location
july 6, 1968
La Habra, CA
August 22, 1968
Kalgoorlie,
Australia
August 28, 1968
Ucero, Soria,
Spain
October 30, 1968
Rossville, GA
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
March 17, 1974
Taiwan
March 23, 1974
Castillo de las
Guardas, Spain
December 13, 1977
Leitchville,
Australia
August 22, 1978
Adelaide-Perth,
Australia
December 12, 1978
Messina, Italy
Description
Cigar-shaped object hovered, two circular objects
beneath it rose and entered parent object, which
then took ofP7
Pilot saw luminous white object, six smaller
cigar-shaped objects emerged, three flew away,
all returned and reentered parent object'"
Luminous disc with windows descended, swept
ground with light beam, small dark objects
emerged, later reentered; disc rose and sped away
in seconds'"
Circular object hovered, four starlike objects
darted away in straight lines, then returned, one
disappeared over horizon'0
Cigar-like object hovered, emitted light beams,
three white discs emerged, operated independently (see section VI)
Pilot saw shiny oval object with four smaller
round objects maneuvering around it fifth object
emerged from underneath' 1
Motorist pursued by one of three mushroomshaped objects associated with larger elongated
object"
Orange-red object descended, emitted three
smaller objects that operated independently;
one zigzagged, abruptly shot up to higher
elevation, descended again"
Pilots observed large object, opening appeared
in it, smaller objects emerged, flew around,
reentered; parent object departed at high speed
(see section III)
Luminous yellow circular object stopped,
hovered, small spheres emerged and flew away;
later returned and merged with parent object
again (see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave)
416
Date &: Location
March 22, 1980
Burlington, VT
October 23, 1980
Morenci, AZ
July 31, 1981
Lieksa, Finland
March 5, 1988
Fairport, OH
August 31, 1989
Butler Township, PA
June 8, 1993
Antelope Valley, CA
Oscillation
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Three smaller objects observed on FAA radar
joining a larger, brighter object, then separating
again"
Dark boomerang-shaped object, red body lights,
light beam; red lights emerged, flew around,
reentered parent object which sped away (see
section I)
Black sphere with satellite lights that operated
independently, two approached boat, men had
missing time (see section Xlll)
Brightly lighted ellipse descended onto ice,
five to six smaller triangular objects emerged,
darted around independently (see section I)
Mushroom-shaped object hovered over field,
two smaller objects with red lights emerged,
flew around; finally all three shot away at
high speed"
Round UFO with satellite objects seen, again
on July 2016
UFOs are often observed rocking back and forth or wobbling on their
axes, swaying from side to side in a pendulum or falling leaf oscillatory motion, and sometimes flying on a bouncing sine wave path. The
wobble frequently occurs while the object is hovering. These oscillations are interesting from an aerodynamic standpoint, suggesting
(among other things) gyroscopic action and patterned, rhythmic motion.
In the famous june 24, 1947, sighting over Washington State by
private pilot Kenneth Arnold, the objects flew in a manner that gave
rise to the term flying saucer. Arnold told newsmen that the objects he
had seen flew like a saucer does when you skip it across water. Examples of oscillation by UFOs are included in table 4.

Oscillatory motions: wobble, "falling leaf," undulation.

TABLE 4. OSCILLATION
Date & location
January 11, 1965
Washington, DC
july 8, 1965
Sunnyvale, CA
February 22, 1966
South Kingston, NH
March 14, 1966
Dexter, MI
March 20-21, 1966
Exeter, NH
March 23, 1966
Trinidad, CO
September 1 7, 1966
Ipswich, MA
February 14, 1967
Jefferson City, MO
Description
Twelve to 15 ovals moving in up-and-down
oscillating path as they flew along (see section II)
Brightly luminous object hovered, swung back
and forth as it began to rise in the sky (see
section V)
Domed disc with ports, "falling leaP' motion"
Disc-shaped objects that "swung back and
forth like a pendulum" (see section V)
Egg-shaped object hovered over power lines,
bobbed around and rocked back and forth like
a pendulum (see section V)
Two dome-shaped objects tilted, bobbed up
and down in flight'"
Glowing objects emerged from parent craft,
moved around with up-and-down skipping
motion
Disc hovered just off ground, rocked back
and forth, beings visible (see section XII)
418
Date &: Location
March 3, 1967
Toledo, OH
March 4, 1967
Sandwich, NH
March 8, 1967
Leominster, MA
june 1, 1967
Shaunavon,
Saskatchewan, Canada
October 27, 1967
Parshall, ND
january 17, 1969
Crittenden, VA
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
March 17, 1969
Lake Havasu City, AZ
january 8, 1971
La Picada, Argentina
May 24, 1971
Mendoza, Argentina
December 22, 1971
Osuna, Sevilla, Spain
October 4, 1973
Chatsworth, CA
October 15, 1973
Pine, LA
june 6, 1974
South Hampton, MA
june 14, 1974
Medellin, Spain
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Domed disc hovered over highway construction
site, shifted from side to side50
Disc bobbed up and down, followed car51
Glowing oval hovered, rocked back and forth
(see section VI)
Silvery domed disc hovered, rocked four
times before departing straight up"
Brightly luminous object bounced up and
down, hovered near missile base, shot
straight up (see section V)
Cigar-shaped object bobbed up and down as it
moved; humming sound rose and fell in pitch
(see section IV)
Domed disc passed over police car, hovered
over road, wobbled while hovering, emitted
light beam down on road (see section V)
Large group of white ovals dipped and
undulated in unison"
Saturn-shaped object approached, hovered,
rocked back and forth (see section VI)
Saturn-shaped object rocked back and forth,
among other complex motions (see section VI)
Hovering luminous object rocked back and forth
just off ground to side of road (see section VI)
Elliptical object with dome hovered, swaying
back and forth "like a boat at anchor" (see
section XII)
Sheriffs saw pulsating orange object that swung
back and forth like a pendulum (see section V)
Domed disc hovered over field with "bobbing,
fluttering motion""
Pot-shaped object paced car, bright illumination,
hovered over farmhouse, back and forth motions"
Date &: Location
September 29, 1974
Finistere, France
April 15, 1975
Sanjose, CA
February 18, 1977
Saito, Uruguay
September 4, 1979
New Richmond, WI
May 2, 1980
San jose, CA
April 20, 1981
Reno, NV
june 10, 1982
Madbury, NH
March 4, 1988
Eastlake, OH
August 19, 1992
Tucson, AZ
Rotary Motion
Description
Dome-shaped object with portholes, brilliant
lights, hovered near ground swaying back and
forth (see section XII)
Domed disc approached, hovered, projected
light beam outward; after about five minutes
began to wobble, shot straight up, and
disappeared in seconds (see section IV)
Hovering disc, rocking motion as it began
moving (see section VI)
Small silvery disc hovered over field with a
wobbling motion"
Shiny sphere made rapid up and down motions
as it crossed sky, stopped, spun, accelerated rapidly, and sped away (see section VI)
Small shiny object hovering; fluttered or
tilted, accelerated rapidly, sped away"
Wedge-shaped UFO hovered over house with
wobbling motion (see section 1)
Elliptical object hovered above lake, rocking
back and forth (see section I)
Manta ray-shaped object oscillated from side
to side as it descended over field (see section VI)
Rotation (or revolution) of UFOs is frequently reported, which may
serve to balance disc-shaped craft and, possibly, play a role in energy
generation (see section IX, Propulsion Clues). The rotation may be
observed on: (1) whole object; (2) one hemisphere; (3) rim or flange;
(4) centrally located lights; (5) band (usually colored). Some examples are listed in table 5.
TABLE 5. ROTARY MOTION CASES
Date & Location
july 8, 1965
Sunnyvale, CA
August 10, 1965
Seattle, WA
April 24, 1966
johnson City, TX
February 12, 1967
Wharton, TX
March 8/9, 1967
Henderson and
Galesburg, IL
May 11, 1967
Wareham, MA
October 27, 1967
Parshall, ND
April3, 1968
Beausejour,
Manitoba, Canada
March 10, 1969
Westhope, ND
December 10, 1973
Hochries, Germany
September 1, 1974
Langenburg,
Saskatchewan, Canada
july 1, 1977
Aviano, Italy
Description
Brightly luminous hovering object began
climbing away, displayed rotating red light that
gave it a reddish hue (see section V)
Reddish rotating disc moved rapidly in an arc
(see section IV)
Hovering circular object with perimeter lights
rotated as it accelerated and sped away58
Round object with dome; revolving red, blue,
green, and amber lights around bottom edge;
flew overhead (see section IV)
Dome-shaped object with spinning rim,
pulsating red light from rim, flew overhead59
Two discs with red and white lights rotating
around rims, hovered and descended60
Luminous round object revolved as it rose
from ground; second witness later saw round,
spinning object chasing truck (see section V)
Luminous object with bands of rotating
lights, loud humming sound, hovered above
road, followed truck61
Disc with rotating red band hovered over road
(see section V)
Egg-shaped object hovered, rows of colored
lights rotated counterclockwise around lower
portion (see section I)
Dome-shaped objects in farmer's field rotated
rapidly, wind felt as they took off (see section I)
Round spinning object with dome hovered over
NATO base (see section II)
Date & Location
july 3, 1978
Naples, Italy
july 18, 1978
Lurate Caccivic, Italy
October 19, 1978
Casilda, Santa Fe,
Argentina
May 2,1980
Sanjose, CA
September 30, 1980
Rosedale, Victoria,
Australia
December 10, 1981
Areal, Brazil
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
Description
Rotating sphere descended, hovered; rotation
increased, object sped off in seconds (see section
Vlll, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Revolving red-orange object zigzagged, hovered,
stopped revolving; rotary motion resumed, hissing sound heard, object departed (see section
Vlll, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Two luminous UFOs like "inverted plates" with
spinning central rings (see section Vlll, 1978
Sighting Wave)
Spinning sphere stopped, hovered, its rate of
rotation increasing as it slowed; finally sped
away (see section VI)
Spinning top-shaped object landed; various
physical effects, uncomfortable sound level;
object took off (see section I)
Silo-shaped object with legs blocked road,
top portion spinning'
Oval object with body lights hovered,
revolved63
Hummingbird-Like Motions
A variation of the oscillatory flight feature has been seen with typical
UFOs that move up and down quickly (like an elevator or lift), side
to side, and dart quickly from point to point, often making abrupt maneuvers in three dimensions, including sudden starts and stops. Witnesses sometimes describe these motions as zigzagging. A number of
examples were listed in The UFO Evidence in a table labeled "Violent
and Erratic Maneuvers. "
These hummingbird-like motions are an exceptionally interesting
feature, and they strongly suggest that the UFO operators-if they are
biological beings-must have a physiological makeup very different
from ours. Either that, or they are somehow shielded from the gravitational and inertial forces that-in similar circumstances-would
cause human pilots to be crushed or thrown around violently. The
same, obviously, is true of oft-reported sharp-angle turns. The answer
may lie in the apparent electromagnetic-gravitational propulsion system suggested by a wide range of observational evidence (see section
IX, Propulsion Clues).
Note the frequency, in the 1980s, of silvery oval objects among the
examples of these motions provided in table 6.
TABLE 6. HUMMINGBIRD-LIKE MOTIONS
Date & Location
June 29, 1964
Lavonia, GA
March 17, 1966
Milan-Ann Arbor, MI
March 30, 1966
East Hampton, NY
March 31, 1966
Vicksburg, MI
May 16, 24, 1966
Temple City, CA
September 22, 1966
Deadwood, SD
May 11, 1967
Wareham, MA
May 17, 1967
Rural Hall, NC
July 25, 1967
Garrison, ND
February 4, 1968
Redlands, CA
Description
Top-shaped object made repeated passes at car,
hovering and darting motions (see section XII)
Top-shaped object hovered, made sharp turns,
turns, rose and fell quickly (see section V)
Luminous object alternately hovered,
circled, darted quickly from point to point6'
Structured object with body lights blocked highway, darted quickly from point to point, finally
rose abruptly and sped away (see section VI)
Disc with dome, other shapes, bobbed and
darted around erratically (see section VIII,
1966 Sighting Wave)
Round white UFO hovered, changed position
with quick darting motions, up, down, sideways;
satellite objects observed (see section V)
Two objects like inverted dishes descended,
hovered, moved up and down "like a yo-yo" 66
Round orange object zigzagged back and
forth for five minutes above a jet aircraft'
Luminous object hovered near missile site,
moved erratically, stopped, started, moved
up and down (see section VI)
Round object with ports moved jerkily, rose, fell,
hovered, sped away (see section VI)
Date & Location
July 8, 1968
Warren, OH
November 25, 1968
Marcellus, NY
May 24, 1971
Mendoza,
Argentina
February 14, 1973
McAlester, OK
October 15, 1973
Pine, LA
December 10, 1973
Hochries, Germany
February 17, 1975
Harlowton, MT
October 30, 1975
Wurtsmith AFB, Ml
November 11, 1975
Falconbridge,
Ontario, Canada
September 10, 1976
Colusa, CA
January 21, 1977
Bogota, Colombia
December 13, 1977
Leitchville, Australia
Description
Yellow-orange luminous object alternately
hovered, darted back and forth; finally sped
away""
White dome-shaped object with body lights
made U-turn, stopped abruptly; a little later
during second sighting luminous object
zigzagged around sky"9
Saturn-shaped UFO darted from point to point
in various directions "with an agility that
is inconceivable ... " (see section VI)
Domed disc paced airplane, rose straight up
like elevator, made sharp turn, other up
and down motions (see section III)
Sheriffs saw pulsating orange object that
alternately hovered, swinging back and
forth, and darted around at high speed
(see section V)
Luminous elliptical object hovered, darted
from point to point (see section I)
Bright round object hovered at about 500 feet
(150 meters), bobbed up and down, made
rapid darting movements (see section I)
Dark object with red body lights hovered,
moved erratically up and down, sped away
when pursued (see section II)
Military personnel and civilians saw and tracked
on radar UFOs that alternately hovered and
darted around at high speed (see section II)
Domed disc hovered at low altitude, darted
around, stopped, reversed direction (see section I)
Airline crew saw luminous object that
zigzagged, also tracked on radar (see section III)
Orange-red object from larger craft zigzagged
and moved up and down70
424
Date & Location
july 18, 1978
Lurate Caccivic,
Italy
October 14, 1978
Miraflores, Catamarca,
Argentina
March 6, 1979
Westminster, SC
September 14, 1979
Canoga Park, CA
November 11, 1979
Valencia, Spain
September 17, 1982
Ipswich, MA
November 2, 1982
Maxial, Estremadura,
Portugal
February 28, 1986
New Castle, PA
August 11, 1987
Osbornville, NJ
March 5, 1988
Fairport, OH
December 4, 1988
Harrisburg, PA
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Revolving red-orange object, zigzagged, hovered,
moved away (see section Vlll, 1978 Sighting
Wave)
Brightly luminous UFO "like an inverted
plate" moved rapidly in various directions,
hovered, sped away"
Round object hovered above highway illuminating car, made right-angle turns, moved straight
up and down (see section VI)
Disc with flamelike jets around perimeter ahead
of car, alternately hovered and darted around;
took off at "very high speed""
Dark object with red body lights maneuvered
sharply near airliner, moved up and down"
Boomerang-shaped object zigzagged erratically
across the sky74
Round silvery object flying below military aircraft, suddenly shot up vertically to level of
plane, circled around it (see section II)
Silvery oval hovered at about 900 feet (270
meters) altitude, moved up, down, and
sideways''
Silvery oval object hovered, suddenly took
off like a shot, stopped abruptly, darted
around in triangular pattern, finally shot
straight up out of sight76
Small triangular objects emerged from large
ellipse, alternately hovered, darted around (see
section I)
Silvery oval object hovered, bright illumination;
moved back and forth, up and down, darted
straight up, stopped; finally flew away, emitting a
trail (see section V)
Date &: Location
July 22, 1989
Blue Hill Bay, ME
March 21, 1990
Pereslavl-Zalesskiy,
Russia
October 10, 1990
Skibo, MN
Instant Relocation
Description
Silvery oval object observed by pilot, made
quick starts and stops, suddenly moved dead
ahead of plane; finally sped away"
Radar-visual UFO moved rapidly up and down,
made abrupt course changes (see section I)
Objects with body lights alternately hovered,
darted around; one witness saw formation of
three to five objects, one of which repeatedly
darted away, reversed direction, and returned
(see section IV)
An equally extraordinary, and puzzling, performance feature is the frequently reported ability of UFOs to disappear abruptly from one point
and suddenly reappear at another (here termed instant relocation).
Perhaps they move too fast for the human eye to follow, or this feature
may indicate a relativistic effect. The hummingbird-like motions may be
a comparatively slower version of instant relocation that remains perceptible to our vision and brain.
The apparent ability to move instantaneously (or extraordinarily
rapidly) from one point to another suggests a propulsion system that,
if we consider potential applications of relativity physics, may not be
all that far beyond our current conceptual understanding. Table 7 lists
examples of this phenomenon. Here, as in many other instances of extraordinary UFO data, careful scientific study of UFOs could lead to
important scientific breakthroughs.
TABLE 7. INSTANT RELOCATION CASES
Date &: Location
March 31, 1966
Vicksburg, Ml
January 20, 1968
Vermillion, SD
Description
Disclike object with body lights blocked road,
suddenly appeared behind car (see section VI)
Round orange-red object followed car, "jumped
or leaped" to a spot directly behind the car'"
426
Date & Location
December 16, 1972
Garah, N.S.W.,
Australia
November 8, 1973
La Paz, Bolivia
November 30, 1973
Turin, Italy
December 8, 1978
Barletta, Italy
February 9, 1981
SanJose, CA
July 12, 1981
Temuka, New Zealand
June 10, 1982
Madbury, NH
October 24, 1982
Lowell, IN
November 17, I986
Fort Yukon, AK
March 2, 1990
Beavercreek, IL
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Round luminous object approached about 10
feet (3.7 meters) off ground, hovered about
20 yards (18 meters) away, bright illumination;
abruptly disappeared, reappeared behind
witness'
Air Force interceptor chased top-shaped object
with ports; UFO accelerated with "incredible
speed," abruptly appeared behind the aircraft,
then shot straight up and disappeared in seconds
(see section Ill)
Hovering luminous UFO took off as plane
approached, made sharp turns and "sudden
vast jumps to and fro" (see section lll)
Hovering rotating cone began moving, witness
followed in car; UFO abruptly jumped to position in front of car, blinding driver (see section
Vlll, 1978 Sighting Wave)
Luminous red object approached plane head on,
instantly reappeared behind it, made very tight
turns, shot away at high speed (see section I)
Dome-shaped UFO with square windows jumped
from one position to another instantly (see
section I)
Wedge-shaped UFO hovered about 50 feet
(15 meters) above reservoir, moved from point
to point almost instantaneously (see section I)
Double spherical object with appendages
passed plane, abruptly appeared behind it,
twice made instant course reversal80
Two luminous objects abruptly darted directly
in front of airliner, bright illumination, warmth
felt (see section lll)
Pulsating white oval paced truck, two tapered
cylinders below it; one cylinder "jumped" to a
position directly over truck, beamed light down"'
Contour Flying
In some cases UFOs have adjusted their flight pattern to conform to
local terrain, in a manner suggestive of sonar, radar, or other electromagnetic range-finding navigation techniques. A preflying saucer era
example of this was reported in 1914 (see table 8).
TABLE 8. TERRAIN NAVIGATION CASES
Date &: Location
1914
Indiana
November 23, 1957
Tonopah, NV
December 11, 1968
Seville, Spain
March 4, 1969
Atlanta, MO
Aprill4, 1969
Hill City, KS
April14, 1971
Callery, PA
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
September 2, 1973
Mullumbimby,
N.S.W., Australia
Description
Three lights apparently "intelligently controlled
maneuvered to avoid local terrain"'
Four discs took off and "contoured over
nearby hills (see section II)
UFO followed a car at low level adapting
its flight path to the terrain"'
Blindingly bright UFO paced ahead of vehicle,
rose and fell as if following contours of ground
(see section I)
UFO with various color body lights descended,
hovered near car, engine failed; after three minutes, object moved away toward east following
the highway toward Stockton
Luminous UFO paced car, crossed road,
followed contours of nearby hills; driver pulled
off road to investigate, encountered low-hovering
disc (see section VI)
Structured UFO hovered near ground in hilly
terrain; finally shot away to south, rising and
falling, apparently following the contours of the
hills (see section VI)
Bright red object paced ahead of car casting
brilliant light beam onto the road, followed
winding road and contours of terrain"'
428
Date &: Location
October 14, 1978
Tucuman, Argentina
August 9, 1979
Hayfork, CA
January 19, 1988
Foreman,AR
January 20, 1990
Boyle, MS
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Elongated silvery object with fluorescent glow
on top maneuvered over hillside, moved away,
following contours of the hill86
Two discs contour flying below airplane,
accelerated and sped away (see section lll)
Glowing red object with body lights followed
car, illuminated car interior, moving up and
down as if following contours of local terrain;
shot away at high speed"'
Large silvery object with body lights hovered
over road at treetop height, paced ahead of car
for two to three miles, moving left and right to
avoid trees88
Intelligence/ Awareness
Well-qualified witnesses often have commented that the UFOs they
encountered apparently were intelligently controlled. An airline pilot
flying near Barcelona, Spain, on September 10, 1967, was confronted
by a UFO. "[It] must have been under control," he said. "It definitely
altered course substantially" (see section III).
An electronics technician in Tucuman, Argentina, saw an elongated
silvery object on October 14, 1978, its light illuminating the hillside
as it maneuvered over an area where there had been a small fire earlier. "It seemed to be looking for something," he said. "It came and
went. It accommodated itself. Someone was controlling it" (see section VIII, 1978 Sighting Wave).
A mechanic whose car was followed by a brightly illuminated,
dome-shaped object with windows on July 12, 1981, near Temuka,
New Zealand, said: "It was quite apparent that it was a controllable
flying object" (see section 1).
A pilot flying near Concepci6n, Paraguay, on June 8, 1991, saw a
brightly luminous UFO that paced his plane. "It seemed to be under
intelligent control," he said. "Therefore I believe there was somebody
out there who knew what he was doing to me. I've never been so afraid
in all my life. I didn't believe these things existed" (see section III).
The indicators of intelligence and environmental awareness also include formation flights, curiosity (demonstrated by approaching and
pacing human vehicles), and emission of smaller objects that operate
independently and then return and rejoin very much like an aircraft
carrier (see satellite object cases above). Additionally, in a surprising
number of cases UFOs have reacted to light signals from humans.
Some of the light response cases suggest a startle reaction; a lowhovering UFO or one on the ground is suddenly caught in car headlights or has a spotlight beamed on it, and quickly speeds away. Another frequent occurrence is a reaction to signal-like flashing lights,
when the UFO typically either moves toward the source of the light or
flashes lights in apparent response. Some examples follow in table 9.
TABLE 9. LIGHT REACTION CASES
Date & Location
june 24, 1966
Richmond, VA
September 22, 1966
Deadwood, SD
October 26, 1966
Cold Bay AF Station,
AK
January 6, 1967
Harwich, MA
April 1, 1967
Hessel, CA
Aprill7, 1967
New Haven, WV
April22, 1967
Elizabeth, IL
Description
Hovering elliptical object with body lights
reacted to police car flasher light, moved away
(see section V)
Hovering round luminous object changed to
green and red; several times object blacked
out when police shone a spotlight at it89
Control tower operator saw luminous white
object approach runway at an altitude of about
50 feet (15 meters); when runway lights were
turned on, object accelerated and climbed away
at high speed""
Disc with body lights reacted to outdoor house
lights being switched off and on by blinking in
same sequence91
Motorist flashed headlights at UFO, object
moved closer and hovered in front of car;
finally emitted bright flash and sped away"'
Round object with ports and light beams flew
over at about 500 feet (150 meters) above
ground; witness flashed car headlights at object,
it flashed lights in apparent response'
Elongated object with body lights hovered at
20-30 feet (6-9 meters); wl:.en car headlights
struck it, UFO sped away
430
Date &: Location
May 11, 1967
Wareham, MA
june 1, 1967
Shaunavon,
Saskatchewan,
Canada
july 9, 1967
Harrisburg, PA
july 31, 1967
Churchville, NY
September 8, 1967
Newton, NH
October 2, 1967
Melville, NY
january 13, 1968
Wattamolia Beach,
N.S.W., Australia
February 24, 1968
Westhill, PA
November 27, 1968
Belcourt, ND
October 30, 1969
Waipukurau,
New Zealand
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Two UFOs like inverted dishes, rotating lights,
hovered, descended into bog; when police shone
spotlight on them, objects took off at high
speed95
Domed disc followed school bus, stopped when
bus did, hovered, moved ahead; when headlights
hit it, UFO stopped; driver flashed headlights
four times, UFO rocked four times, shot straight
up ..
Circular object with body lights approached
to within 500 feet (150 meters), witnesses shone
spotlight on it, UFO beamed a white light back
at them, moved away with humming sound97
Truck headlights shone on Saturn-shaped object
with body lights, two small beings boarded, object took off straight up (see section XII)
Saturn-shaped object with body lights reversed
direction twice, flashed lights in response to light
signals from witnesses98
Disc with windows, lights blinking in sequence,
light beam to ground, hovered, moved away; witness got in car to follow, blinked headlights at
UFO, its lights blinked out in sequence, came
back on (see section IV)
Luminous disc approached campers, hovered
with light off; responded to flashlight signals
before moving away99
Oval UFO with red body lights; witness blinked
spotlight at it, lights went out""'
Glowing object with body lights, light beam to
ground; police officer shone spotlight at it, object
immediately blacked out; later seen moving away
with lights on again (see section V)
Circular object with lights hovered over airport,
security guard shone spotlight on it, object sped
away making a high-pitched, whining sound (see
section VI)
Date &: Location
November 14, 1971
Lachapelle, Lot-etGaronne, France
August 12, 1972
Taize, France
October 16, 1973
Pine, LA
December 10, 1973
Hochries, Germany
July 9, 1974
Kingston, NY
January 21, 1977
Bogota, Colombia
December 9, 1978
Reggio Calabria,
Italy
December 22, 1978
Castelnuovo, Naples,
Italy
May 1, 1979
Vizcacheras,
Argentina
Description
Elongated object with body lights approached
to within about 40 meters (130 feet); when
farmer shone spotlight on it, his tractor was
brightly illuminated by yellow light, UFO began
to descend, he fled' 0'
Elongated object with body lights, light beams,
hovered near ground; when witnesses shone a
flashlight at it, a brilliant light beam was projected onto the witnesses, who also felt heat (see
section VI)
Sheriffs pursued orange-red UFOs; when deputy
turned on red flasher light, objects descended toward his car; when he turned light off, they vanished "like in a cloud" (see section V)
Egg-shaped object with body lights; witness fired
red signal flare, UFO turned red and shot up into
sky (see section I)
Elliptical object with green body lights hovered
at about 200 feet (60 meters); object started
moving toward police car, officer shone spotlight
on it, brilliant white light beam illuminated police car (see section V)
Airline pilot flashed landing lights at zigzagging
UFO, it turned red; flashed landing lights again,
object flashed green lights and sped away (see
section III)
Police shone spotlight at luminous UFO, it
emitted a light beam down, and five lights came
on; when spotlight was switched off, UFO lights
also went off (see section VIII, 1978 Sighting
Wave)
Motorists flashed car headlights at low-hovering
UFO, it beamed a light onto the car, buzzed car
as they fled (see section VIII, 1978 Sighting
Wave)
Luminous UFO landed in oil field, livestock
frightened; object reacted to light shone by
oil field workers'"'
Analogous to light reaction cases, UFOs on occasion have reacted
to other forms of electromagnetic radiation. On November 14, 1956,
an airliner piloted by Capt. W ] . Hull of Capital Airlines was approaching Mobile, AL, when a luminous object descended from left to
right and hovered ahead of the plane. As Hull radioed a report of the
sighting to the control tower, the UFO began darting around, making
sharp turns. "[We] sat there completely flabbergasted at this unnerving exhibition," Hull reported.
After about 30 seconds the object stopped and hovered again. just
as the control tower called to say that it was trying to contact an area
Air Force base, the UFO began another series of "crazy gyrations" and
shot away over the Gulf of Mexico, rising at a steep angle and quickly
disappearing. 103 The crew had also witnessed an early example of hummingbird-like motions (see above).
The crew of a DC-8 cargo flight encountered a domed disc on February 14, 1973, near McAlester, OK, that maneuvered within about
300 yards (270 meters) of the plane. The captain switched on weather
radar, which confirmed that something real and solid was there. But
when the radar beam hit the object, it reacted immediately and
climbed up above the plane (see section III).
Other radar-visual cases also suggest that UFOs detect-and react
to-electromagnetic radiation beamed at them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

Hover-Acceleration Cases
1. Report in NICAP files.
2. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
3. APRO Bulletin (May-June 1967): 12.
4. New Orleans (LA) Times Picayune, November 24, 1968; Gulfport (MS) Dally
Herald, November 23, 1968.
5. Melbourne, Australia, Sun, December 13, 1968.
6. Skylook (April1975): 5.
7. Skylook (October 1975): 14.
8. International UFO Reporter (October 1977): "UFO Newsfront" insert.
9. Maiden (NC) Times, August i6, 1978.
10. Grand Island (NE) Independent, October 18, 1978.
11. Buenos Aires, Argentina, Cronica, May 7, 1979.
12. International UFO Reporter (May-June 1987): 17.
13. MUFON UFO Journal (May-June 1987): 13.
14. Ocean County Observer, Brick Town, NJ, August 16, 1987.
15. MUFON UFO journal (October 1990): 17.
Formations
16. U.F.O. Investigator (July-August 1964): l.
17. Haines (1994), 143.
18. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
19. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 43.
20. Lubbock (TX) Avalanche-journal, August 10, 1967.
21. Air Force intelligence report in Colorado UFO Project and NICAP files.
22. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
23. Haines (1994), 145.
24. APRO Bulletin (March-April1969): 1; Phoenix (AZ) Gazette, March 21, 1969.
25. Haines (1994), 64.
26. Skylook (September 1974): 13.
27. International UFO Reporter (October 1977): newsletter insert.
28. MUFON UFO journal (March 1983): 6.
29. The Dalles Visitor, Taylor Falls, MN, May 1979, no. 11.
30. Payson Roundup/Rim Country News, Payson, AZ, january 1981.
Satellite Objects
31. Hall (1964), 16-17.
32. Keyhoe (1953), 161-66.
33. Report in NICAP files.
34. Fowler (1974), 341.
35. Report in NICAP files.
36. Report in NICAP files.
37. Report in NICAP files.
38. Perth (Australia) News, August 23, 1968; Perth West Australian, August 24,
1968.
39. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 56.
40. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
41. MUFON 1979 UFO Symposium Proceedings, Seguin, TX, 1979, 127.
42. Department of Defense Intelligence Information Report, 22 August 1974.
43. Australian UFO Bulletin, Victorian UFO Research Society (February 1978):
1-2.
44. MUFON UFO journal (March 1990): 22.
45. Butler (PA) Eagle, September 2, 1989.
46. MUFON UFO journal (April1994): 10-11, 20.
Oscillation
47. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 44.
48. McDonald (1968b), 51.
49. Fowler (1974), 341.
50. Toledo (OH) Record, March 5, 1967.
51. U.F.O. Investigator (March-April1967): 6.
52. Report in NICAP files.
53. Phoenix (AZ) Gazette, March 21, 1969.
54. Christian Science Monitor, August 2, 1974.
55. Skylook (September 1974): 14; Bloecher (1975), 58-59.
56. New Richmond (WI) News, September 27, 1979.
57. MUFON UFO journal (October 1981): 6.
Rotary Motion
58. Report in NICAP files.
59. UPI newswire report; Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files,
National Archives.
60. Fowler (1974), 348.
61. Beausejour Beaver, Manitoba, Canada, April 9, 1968.
62. MUFON UFO journal (February 1987): 14-15.
63. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
Hummingbird-Like Motions
64. Hall (1964), 155-56.
65. New York NICAP Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
66. Fowler (1974), 348.
67. Air Force unexplained case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
68.]. E. McDonald letter toR. H. Hall, November 30, 1968, Donald E. Keyhoe
Archives.
69. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 40-41.
70. Australian UFO Bulletin, Victorian UFO Research Society (February 1978):
1-2.
71. La Raz6n, Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 16, 1978.
72. MUFON UFO journal (December 1981): 13.
73. Flying Saucer Review 25(5) (1979); UPI, Madrid, Spain, November 15, 1979.
74. Report in MUFON files.
75. MUFON UFO journal (December 1986): 8.
76. Ocean County Observer, Brick Town, Nj, August 16, 1987.
77. Bar Harbor (ME) Times, August 3, 1989.
Instant Relocation
78. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 37; Vennillion (SD) Plain Talk, january 25,1968.
79. Flying Saucer Review (September-October 1973): 19-21.
80. International UFO Reporter (May-june 1983): 6-7.
81. MUFON UFO journal (May 1990): 21.
Contour Flying
82. Lore and Deneault (1968), 103.
83. Ballester Olmos (1993), 131.
84. Ulysses (KS) News, April 24, 1969.
85. Frola (1990), 125-26.
86. La Gacata, Tucuman, Argentina, October 15, 1978.
87. Northwest Arkansas Times, Fayetteville, AR, February 5, 1988.
88. MUFON UFO Journal (April1990): 15.
Intelligence/Awareness
89. Sagan and Page (1972), xxii-xxiii.
90. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives.
91. Air Force intelligence report in Colorado Project files; report in NICAP files.
92. Report in NICAP files.
93. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 41-42.
94. Elizabeth (JL) Weekly News, April26, 1967.
95. Fowler (1974), 348.
96. Report in NICAP files.
97. Subcommittee report in NICAP files; Harrisburg (PA) Evening News, july 12,
1967.
98. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
99. Frola (1990), 93.
100. U.EO. Investigator (May-june 1968): 3.
101. Flying Saucer Review (May-june 1972): 4-7.
102. MUFON UFO journal (September 1979): 6; Hall (1988), 206-07.
103. Hall (1964), 4-5.

=========================================================================
SECTION XI. The UFO Profile

Studying UFO reports is like trying to piece together a complicated
picture puzzle, except that we are not even sure all the pieces we
have are part of the same picture. The pieces of more than one puzzle
may have been intermixed. Also, we are not sure what the final picture
is supposed to look like, so we search for recognizable patterns. Nevertheless, the outlines of a meaningful picture are beginning to emerge.
Throughout the past 50 years UFOs have displayed completely consistent patterns of both appearance and behavior. They are a thoroughly
documented, recurring phenomenon. The cumulative evidence indicates a true anomaly, an unexplained phenomenon that has had profound effects on people's lives. The strong patterns rule out simplistic
explanations, such as the skeptical notion that all UFO reports are mistaken observations. The question no longer is, Do UFOs exist (i.e., as a
unique, unexplained phenomenon)? The question is, What are they?
The reported patterns of appearance and behavior are the defining
features of the UFO mystery, and constitute an operational definition of
UFO. These are the data that any hypothesis or theory must take into
account to explain the phenomenon. Even without considering the
reports of humanoid beings seen in association with UFOs, and ignoring the abduction phenomenon, UFO reports constitute a major
scientific mystery. With the "alien encounter" reports, the evidence
strongly suggests visitors from elsewhere.
Contrary to the skeptical stereotype that UFOs are merely vague, remote lights in the sky that could be anything, craft/ike objects have
confronted human vehicles (see section XII); cast blinding light that
brightly illuminated the terrain; performed maneuvers unknown to
human technology; and demonstrated intelligence (see sections IX, X).
The craftlike appearance includes geometrically shaped objects
(usually discs, ovals, or ellipses), body lights in particular arrays, windows or portholes, domes, legs, sound, and signs of propulsion (exhaust or emissions). The lights sometimes pulsate or revolve, and ro437
tation of the object (or some portion of it) has been observed in closerange sightings. Light beams, often having unusual qualities, are emitted from the object to the ground or onto a vehicle.
The countless cases in which UFOs have been blindingly bright, so
intensely luminous that the witness cannot look directly at it and the
surrounding terrain is illuminated like daylight, have no parallel in
human experience. The objects emitting the blinding light usually are
hovering motionless, before suddenly accelerating and speeding away.
Their extreme luminosity indicates that they serve as aerial platforms
for powerful light energy beyond current human knowledge or understanding. In turn, various physical and physiological effects apparently are associated with the brilliant light (see sections VII, IX).
The extraordinary maneuverability of UFOs, totally beyond the capabilities of even the latest human technology of flight, includes the
ability to hover motionless (sometimes gently rocking back and
forth), and then to accelerate suddenly at phenomenal speed and disappear from view in seconds. The direction of departure, disconcertingly often, is straight up or at a steep upward angle!
The reported noninertial turns made by UFOs have long been a
puzzle and still defy understanding by any known principles of
physics. However, it is illogical to conclude that UFOs don't exist
merely because we can't understand how they work. As the history of
science shows, meteorites, the flight of bumblebees, and space travel
all were deemed "impossible" by scientists at one time.
An equally extraordinary and puzzling performance feature is the
often-reported ability of UFOs to abruptly disappear from one point
and suddenly reappear at another (instant relocation see section X).
Part of the UFO mystery is its seemingly cyclical nature, with new
features emerging from time to time. Information culled from the 50
years of modern UFO history suggests a progression of events since
World War II, perhaps an unfolding of some program that remains
only dimly perceived by us. Certain turning points in UFO history can
be identified, events that marked a change in activity or some new development. We need to study such overall patterns in our effort to decipher the UFO mystery. The following chronology illustrates historical trends.
Historical Trends
1947: First mass sightings of UFOs (wave), commonly including formations of objects.
1952: Major sighting wave, concentrations over weapons and aerospace test centers and military bases; large number of radar-visual
sightings and jet interception cases.
1954-1955: International sighting wave, numerous reports by pilots; first wave of occupant sightings in Europe and South America
(1954), wearing "diver suits," disc- and cigar-shaped craft; U.S. occupant sightings (1955).
1957: Major sighting wave, first wave of E-M effects on vehicles,
close encounters, occupant sightings; disc- and elliptical-shaped craft.
Villas Boas abduction.
1958-1963: Lull in sightings. Barney and Betty Hill abduction
(1961).
1964: Resurgence of sightings increasing through 1967; Socorro,
NM, landing with small beings and physical traces (April 1964).
1966-1967: Unprecedented large and extended sighting wave, numerous vehicle encounters, occupant sightings, landing cases, continuing into 1968. Betty Andreassen and Herbert Schirmer abductions
(1967).
1969-1972: Significant lull in sightings.
1970s: Emergence of abduction phenomenon. judy Kendall abduction (1972).
1973-1974: Major sighting wave, numerous vehicle encounters,
occupant sightings; Ohio Army Reserve helicopter encounter (1973);
Charles Hickson (1973), Carl Higdon (1974), and many other abductions.
1975-1976: SAC base penetrations by "mystery helicopters"
(1975), Iran F-4 jet encounters (1976); numerous abduction cases,
including Charles Moody, Sandra Larson, and Travis Walton (1975)
and Louise Smith and two friends (1976).
1977: Sighting wave, concentrations in the USSR and Canada (September-December).
1978: Reported shooting of alien at McGuire AFB, NJ (January);
William Hermann abduction (May); major international sighting
wave (July-December); disappearance of Australian pilot during UFO
encounter (October).
1980: Bentwaters AFB, UK, landing and physical trace case (December); Huffman, TX, road-blocking and physiological injuries case
(December).
1982-1985: Significant lull in sightings.
1986: Brazil radar-visual, jet interceptor, aerial encounter cases
(March); japan Airlines B-747 aerial encounter over Alaska (November).
1988: Australian family in car buzzed by UFO Qanuary); John
Salter abduction (March).
1989: Sighting wave (September-November), concentrations in
Canada, Russia, and Belgium; triangular UFOs with body lights.
1990: Sighting concentration in Belgium Qanuary-May), including
F-16 radar-visual and pursuit incidents (March 30-31).
Although a comparison of UFO events with certain historical developments (especially in weapons and aerospace technology) produces some intriguing correlations, any logical connection remains
speculative. Putting aside such speculation, the accumulated factual
data strongly suggest that UFOs are high-performance craft piloted by
intelligent beings operating, at least in part, by physical science principles currently beyond our understanding.
Although their complete physics and engineering, obviously, is
well beyond our own knowledge, this hypothesis deserves thoughtful
attention from the scientific community and society, and serious inquiry should not depend on having knowledge of their motives and
purposes.
In examining the case for real UFOs, it is important to understand
that, given the UFO data, there are very few viable alternatives to the
Extraterrestrial Hypothesis. (Extraterrestrial here is meant to include
other nonearthly realms of any kind, such as hypothetical other dimensions or parallel universes.) Only two sensible alternatives have
been advanced: (l) an unrecognized natural phenomenon, and (2)
secret earthly devices.
The reader may study the evidence in this book, and the wellestablished patterns, and decide for himself among these three hypotheses. However, if a natural phenomenon can do all the things
UFOs have done, and can cause the reported effects, then a highpriority, well-funded scientific investigation is in order. The supposed
natural phenomenon is far from benign.
The idea that secret devices can explain UFOs quickly falters when
the historical record is studied. This hypothesis requires a belief that
there has been a secret scientific breakthrough that has resulted in a
near miraculous hidden technology, somehow kept under wraps for
half a century (see section XV, Human Technology). Occasional false
UFO reports may have been caused by advanced human technology
(especially in recent years), and this possibility needs to be examined
systematically as part of any study of UFOs.
In any case, with conscientious study by scientists we might begin
to understand something about the forces and principles involved in
the UFO phenomenon. Potential approaches to study of UFOs are examined elsewhere (see section XVI).
The News Media Filter
Something that confuses the issue and distorts public perception of
the UFO mystery is the lack of timely and accurate reporting of events
by national and international news media. Unless they strike a chord,
individual sightings seldom are reported at all. During waves of sightings (at least in the past), news media tend to report that something
is going on, but mostly with tongue in cheek and ample skeptical
commentary. Unless spectacular sightings continue unabated, the
coverage ends up as just a 24-hour wonder.
Erratic and negative reporting feeds the skeptical impression that
UFOs are only will-o'-the-wisps, insubstantial rumors, and fairy tales
that pop up from time to time. Why aren't they seen more regularly?
Why else do officials ignore them, and the media pay little attention?
Skeptics then encourage the notion that UFO reports are psychological in origin, and the vicious cycle completes another turn (see section XVI).
For anyone aware of the real-time unfolding of UFO events, the conclusion is inescapable that less biased, more timely, and more complete
reporting of UFO incidents as they occur would quickly result in scientific and public attention to UFOs as an important mystery. As things
stand now, many important UFO sighting reports are obtained only after long delays because of the information-filtering process.
Due to news media disinterest and skepticism, UFO reports often
come to light belatedly via indirect or unorthodox channels. Only national news and international news gets disseminated rapidly and widely,
and only the news that is so-called legitimate. In the eyes of major news
media decision makers, UFO reports are considered none of the above.
Imagine that instead of this perception-altering filter, you have a
centralized news- and intelligence-gathering post with immediate access to information about UFO incidents reported by credible people.
Then browse through the Master Chronology included here and
imagine how you would have interpreted and reacted to the reports if
you were learning about them from reliable and authoritative sources
within minutes or hours of occurrence.
The news mediation process that tends to filter out serious UFO reports also tends to overload public perception of the UFO phenomenon with weak and trivial cases. The average media reporter seems to
be incapable of sifting the chaff from the wheat, with the result that
obvious meteors and other common phenomena get reported as UFOs.
Reporters seldom ask the critical and inquiring questions necessary
to determine whether a sighted object was something prosaic or
something truly extraordinary. For example: "Exactly why do you
think the object you saw was something extraordinary?" "How long
was it in view?" "Did it have any visible structural features?" "Did it
change course or maneuver?" "How did it behave differently from a
meteor (or balloon, or aircraft)?" "How did it disappear from view?"
"Are you a trained or experienced observer in any way?"
With the answers to such questions, both laymen and scientists
can begin to evaluate the potential significance of the core reports and
learn to discard the "noise" as irrelevant.
Statistics*
Geographical Spread
The cases were reported from 36 U.S. states, 4 Canadian provinces, 30
other countries, Antarctica, and the Pacific Ocean area.
United States: California, 20; Michigan, 9; Texas, 8; Pennsylvania,
7; Florida, 6; New York, 6; North Dakota, 6; Montana, 5; Ohio, 5; and
27 states with fewer than 5 each.
Other countries: Australia, 11; Italy, 9; Spain, 7; Argentina, 6; England, 6; France, 6; Brazil, 5; New Zealand, 5; and 22 countries with
fewer than 5 each.
Geopolitical areas: North America, 138; Western Europe, 38; South
America, 18; Australia-New Zealand, 16; Asia-Middle East, 6; RussiaEastern Europe, 3; Africa, 3; and other, 3.
Month-Year
Since the cases in this sample were selected on the basis of detail and
quality rather than any other criteria that might skew the results, the
fact that they break down so equally across seasons is interesting. Considered seasonally (in the United States), the distribution is as follows:
*These statistics are based on the 225 cases summarized in some detail in sections
I-XII of this book. Cases mentioned only in a table or reported only briefly are not
incorporated here. The criteria for case selection include "strangeness" (unusual
nature of appearance and/or behavior), completeness of information, and witness
credibility. An important criterion was clear-cut indication of a "solid" or "structured" object).
Locations of U.S. cases summarized in this report.
Winter (December-February): 55
Spring (March-May): 54
Summer Qune-August): 55
Fall (September-November): 61
To some degree, these data reflect the major UFO wave periods when
many of the most significant cases were occurring (see section VIII).
On the other hand, they provide some independent evidence (based
on the selection criteria used) for pointing toward certain "vintage
years" in which especially significant cases occurred: 1965, 1966,
1967, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1978, 1981, and 1990. The data for the years
since 1990 are less complete.
Time of Day
Based on the 225 cases in this sample, the time data break down as
follows:
Not reported: 12
6:00A.M. to 12 Noon: 19
Noon to 6:00 P.M.: 39
6:00P.M. to 12 Midnight: 91
Midnight to 6:00A.M.: 64
6A.M.
Noon
UFO sightings by time of day.
If this sample is representative, UFOs show a strong tendency to appear after 6:00 P.M. and before 12:00 midnight and, less often, between
midnight and 6:00 A.M. By far the fewest sightings were reported between 6:00 A.M. and 12:00 noon.
Colors
When seen in daylight, UFOs tend to appear silvery, white, or light
metallic-colored, sometimes with a blue-white glow or corona. At
night, when UFOs are seen as luminous or glowing objects, the colors range across the spectrum, and the colors often change with motion or acceleration (see section IX, Color Changes). Most reported
colors fall at the red-orange-yellow end of the spectrum.
Primary color of object. Of the 225 summarized cases, 87 (39 percent) did not mention a distinctive or predominant color. (Very likely
many of these were whitish or neutral light when glowing.) Silver or
metallic, 55 (24 percent); white, 18 (8 percent); red, orange, or yellow, 37 (16 percent); green, blue, or violet, 12 (5 percent); and dark
or silhouetted, 16 (7 percent). Of the 49 cases in which a distinctive
color was reported (as opposed to white, metallic, or silhouette/dark),
37 (76 percent) were in the red-orange-yellow portion of the spectrum, and 11 (22 percent) were green-blue.
TABLE 1. COLOR SPECTRUM GRAPH
Red .................... Green ................. Violet
Colors R 0 Y G B I V
Primary: xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx X X XX XXX X
XX XXX XXX XX XX XX xxxx
X
Partial: xxxx X X X xxxx XX XXXX X
XXX X
Lights*: XX XXX XXXX XXXXX X XXXXX X xxxx X xxxxx XX
XX XXX XX XXX xxxx
XX XXX
XXX XX
*Each x represents a light of this color appearing on a UFO, whether or
not all of the body lights were of the same color.
Partial colors. In 25 cases some portion of the UFO (e.g., dome,
ring, lower hemisphere) had a distinctive color. Red-orange-yellow,
13 (52 percent), and green-blue-violet l2 (48 percent). Red as a single color predominated in 7 cases (28 percent); however, blue and
green as single colors plus blue-green totaled ll cases (44 percent).
Body lights. In 46 cases the UFOs displayed body lights, typically
in rows. The lights were of a single color in 34 (74 percent) of the
cases: red, l2 (35 percent); red, orange, and yellow combined, 20 (59
percent); green and blue combined, 8 (24 percent); and white, 6 (18
percent). In the remaining l2 cases the UFOs displayed various combinations of colored lights, again with a slight predominance toward
the red-orange-yellow end of the spectrum (see table 1).
Shapes
Unless witnesses are very precise in their descriptions, or include
sketches with their reports, the exact shape they are trying to describe
can remain ambiguous. What does round or circular mean? A sphere?
A disc? What is mushroom-shaped (a fairly common descriptor)? Does
the witness mean the object was literally dome-shaped with a stem?
The word top-shaped (as in a child's top) is imprecise, since there
are several kinds of tops; the meaning may be culturally dependent,
-E> ,r.--.... ' -~
Changes in aspect as UFOs bank, turn, and recede into distance.
as well. Also, some shapes can change appearance depending on perspective when they wobble or tilt or make a turn. A disc, for example,
would look perfectly circular in plan view (from underneath), but
would look elliptical if viewed at an angle.
Viewed edge-on from a distance, a disc would look like a narrow
ellipse or cigar. A disc with a dome on top can look almost triangular
at a distance, and a Saturn-shaped disc can look diamond-shaped.
Some of the alleged shape changes reported during a sighting probably
are due to this factor. However, almost 90 percent of the 225 UFOs in
this sample were geometrical in shape (see also section IX).
Taking these factors into account, the shapes reported in this sample break down as follows:*
Discs 100 (44%)
Ellipses/Ovals 29 (13%)
Balls 28 (12%)
Hemispheres 14 (6%)
Cigars ll (5%)
Cones/Spindles ll (5%)
Light sources 9 (4%)
Deltas 8 (4%)
Others 16 (7%)
*Discs with domes, 51; saucer- or lens-shaped, 39; and Saturn-shaped, 10.
Balls includes balls or globes of light, generally spherical, but sometimes brilliant or blinding objects without distinct shape.
Hemispheres includes objects reported as dome-shaped, bowlshaped, or mushroom-shaped.
Light sources means starlike or point sources of light.
Deltas include lifting body configurations (e.g., triangular, winglike, and boomerang-shaped objects).
Others were mostly dark or concealed objects with body lights or
top-shaped objects, fewer than 3 percent of any one shape.
Other Features
The various forms of light and luminosity associated with UFOs (see
section IX), and the nonaerodynamic flight patterns (see section X)
are defining features of the phenomenon. Of the 225 cases in this sample, there were 34 reports of light beams (15 percent); 41 reports of
bright illumination of the terrain (18 percent); and 53 reports of body
lights (24 percent). The unorthodox flight patterns (including hoveracceleration, sharp turns, darting and bobbing motions) were reported in 75 cases (33 percent).
Occupant Case Profile
Unorthodox craft flying around in the sky are one thing; then there
are the reported occupants (see section XII, Alien-Human Encounters). These reports constitute prima facie evidence of alien visitors.
The same types of craft observed by thousands of credible witnesses
have been observed to let off landing parties. These reports, too, are
consistent and patterned.
Based on the 109 occupant reports charted in section XII, the number of beings sighted strongly tends to range from one to four (77 percent of the 109 cases). Excluding cases in which the number of beings
was not known or not reported, the tendency is even stronger (90 percent of the 93 cases). In only two of the cases were more than five beings reported.
The associated craft was a disc in 45 cases (54 percent) in which a
shape was reported; ellipticaVoval in 18 cases (21 percent); all other
shapes (e.g., cigar, dome, cone), 21 cases (25 percent).
Some kind of clothing was reported in 50 cases, typically coveralls.
In the 43 cases that reported a color, it was silver in 11 cases (26 percent); black or dark in 7 cases (16 percent); all other colors (6 white,
4 gray, 3 green, 2 yellow), 15 cases (21 percent).
The Dyad cases in section XII (not included in these statistics) lend
further support to this profile:
Humanoid occupants sighted in their craft or on the ground usually operate singly or in very small groups. They wear coverall-type
garb normally silvery, white, or grayish in color, and their craft are
disc-shaped or elliptical.
The Model UFO
Given this overview of what UFOs look like, and how they perform,
table 2 presents a sample of 10 UFO cases that epitomize the UFO
mystery. Summaries of these cases appear in sections I-VI.
The prototypical UFO case in other respects is the Socorro, NM,
landing of April 24, 1964 (see section V). The Socorro incident involved a reputable witness with a back-up witness who arrived on the
scene while the physical evidence was still fresh. The witness was
shocked and frightened by what he saw: a whitish elliptical object
resting on legs, and two child-size beings standing near it. The beings
apparently saw him, entered the craft, which made a loud, roaring
sound, then became silent as it rose vertically, leveled off, and rapidly
flew away on an ascending course.
Mesquite bushes at the landing point were smoldering, and distinct
imprints were visible in the ground where the object had been. Independent witnesses had seen the object from a distance. The case was
investigated promptly by both military personnel and civilians, and
no conventional explanation could be found, even after an extensive
Air Force effort over many years.
TABLE 2. TYPICAL FEATURES
1. Multiple witnesses
2. Disc or ellipse shape
3. E-M effects
4. Body lights
5. Bright illumination
6. Light beams
7. Hover-acceleration
8. Sharp maneuvers
9. Physiological effects
10. Physical effects
All except one are multiple witness cases.
CASE 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Red Bluff, CA X X X X X X X
1960
Damon, TX X X X X X
1965
Haderslev, Denmark X X X X X
1970
Mansfield, OH X X X X X X
1973
Lake Sorrell, Tasmania X X X X X
1975
Tehran, Iran ? X X X X
1976
Nelson, Lancashire, UK X X X X X
1977
Mundrabilla, Western Australia X X X X X
1988
Lake Erie, OH X X X X X X X
1988
Concepcion, Paraguay X X X X X
1991

===================================================================
SECTION XII. Alien-Human Encounters

The history of alleged eyeball-to-eyeball contact between humans
and otherworldly beings is a long and fascinating one that tends
to merge with myth and folklore the farther back we go. Some people
interpret certain Biblical references to angels as reports of alien contact, including descriptions of vehicles. Be that as it may, this volume
is confined to a discussion of the modern history of such reported
contact.
The modern era of UFOs began in World War II when so-called
foo-fighters were reported by military fliers. In the immediate postwar
years, "ghost rockets" were reported over Scandinavian countries.
Then, in 1947, "flying saucers" captured headlines when they were
reported in great numbers. 1 Some humanoid being reports began
showing up in 1947, but not in any significant numbers until the
1950s.
Vehicle Encounters
The many hundreds of vehicle encounter cases on record, in which
motor vehicles were closely approached-even confronted-by
UFOs, are one of the most striking features of the UFO mystery. They
include craftlike objects that buzz or pace cars, hover directly overhead, and even land on roadways and block passage. During these
close encounters and confrontations, the vehicles typically experience
electromagnetic failures and occasionally are levitated or forcibly
moved to a new location (see section VII, Mass Displacement). Brilliant light beams also are frequently reported (see section IX).
Vehicle encounters tend to be of approximately five types, in increasing order of close interaction with the witnesses, aggressiveness,
confrontation, and strangeness. Examples are given of each type.
Type 1. Flyover or Pacing-No close contact or interaction with the vehicle. The UFO may fly overhead, follow or precede the vehicle, hover
briefly, or engage in cat-and-mouse behavior. Usually there is no interference with the vehicle.
july 20, 1965: Chesterville, Ontario, Canada. Motorist encountered domed object with antenna-like projections from sides hovering
just above road. Tried to speed past it, but object accelerated and
stayed ahead of car for about a minute at speeds up to 100 mph, then
climbed away out of sight. 1
February 19, 1967: Lane City, TX. Prominent citizens saw a disc
with dome, 50-60 feet (15-18 meters) in diameter, with various body
lights, that crossed the highway at treetop height about 60 yards (54
meters) ahead of car, stopped and hovered, then accelerated and sped
away. 2
April 27, 1967: Kingston, NH. Elliptical object with dome on top,
body lights, skimmed over treetops as it paced car about 100-200 feet
(30-60 meters) away for 1-2 minutes. Object tilted and moved away
to west, made shrill beeping noise.3
December 8, 1968: Grey, South Australia. Top-shaped object descended to altitude of about 100 feet (30 meters) ahead of car, paced
car en route to Grey from Millicent. Object then suddenly sped off
and out of sight "almost faster than the eye could follow. "
May 7, 1980: Valdese, NC. Motorist experienced interference on
car radio, once blacked out completely, saw object move beneath
cloud cover directly ahead of car. Object made U-turn then banked,
revealing shape of upsidedown soup bowl with dome on top, red rectangle on underside. Object appeared hat-shaped as it flew away.'
january 20, 1990: Boyle, MS. Large silvery object hovered over
road at treetop height, two rows of blue-green body lights. Object
picked up speed and paced just ahead of car for two to three miles
(three to five km), moving left and right to avoid trees. Engine, headlights, and dashboard lights failed. Object continued down the road,
turned smoothly and climbed out of sight.6
Type 2. Buzzing or Harassing-UFO makes one or more close passes
at the vehicle or maneuvers nearby. May include bright illumination;
witness usually frightened by the aggressive actions.
june 29, 1964: Lavonia, GA. A brilliantly lighted, spinning, topshaped object about eight feet in diameter darted toward a car, making a loud hissing sound. Portholes and other structural features were
visible as the object paced about five feet ahead of the car directly in
front of the headlights a few feet off the road for at least a mile, its top
tilted toward the witness. Once it moved away, then returned, leaving
physical traces on the car and causing physiological effects. 7
September 3, 1965: Damon, TX. Sheriffs saw huge, brightly illuminated object speed toward their patrol car, hover, illuminate them and
the terrain in purple light. Bright lights on each end of object. Heat
felt. They fled in fear. Later they returned to investigate and had another encounter (see section 1).
October 15, 1966: Split Rock Pond, NJ. Forester driving home saw
red-orange glow, disc-shaped object following directly behind and
above car, bright illumination of ground, headlights and engine failed.
UFO made three approaches to car, with E-M effects each time (see
section I).
October 11, 1967: LaPoint, UT. Orange glowing object approached
and hovered over truck, pacing the truck up hill and illuminating the
area bright as day. Others in area saw it depart upward at high speed.
Separate groups saw a dome-shaped object with flat bottom, pulsating
body lights.8
january 20, 1968: Vermillion, SD. Round orange-red object about
30 feet in diameter hovering near ground, followed car, suddenly
"jumped or leaped" to a point directly behind car, illuminating the
road. Driver sped up to over 100 mph (160 kmlh), but object kept
pace, repeatedly dove at car, finally rose and disappeared to the east.9
March 8, 1980: Wilmington, NC. Local businessman saw object
swoop down over his car, brightly illuminating it in white light. His
small dog began howling as if his ears hurt. Witness got out of car,
fearing impact, saw object hover 5-10 seconds longer before taking
off. 10
March 27, 1990: Kokomo, IN. Brilliantly lighted oval object with
body lights approached car, driver had to cover eyes because of blinding light, slowed car, tried to maneuver away from object, heard
buzzing sound from tape player. Object passed about lO feet (3 meters) over car. Frightened driver sped away, looked back and saw object hovering 35-40 feet (10-12 meters) off the road above a field. 11
Type 3. Interrupted journey-Hovers or lands nearby, frequently beams
light down. Strong physical effects, E-M interference, vehicle slowed
or disabled. "Menacing" behavior.
May 10, 1964: La Rioja, Argentina. Man driving a van with his son
and nephew as passengers. Sudden engine failure, lights went out.
Dazzling light beam came from nearby thicket. Domed disc rose,
crossed the road diagonally about 20 meters away. Engine and lights
came back on after object left. 12
September 14, 1965: Langenhoe, Essex, UK. Engineer on motorbike heard humming-buzzing sound, domed disc with blue light approached, engine coughed and spluttered, finally quit, lights went
out. Object descended. Witness paralyzed, could not move or speak,
body tingled like electric shock. Buzzing diminished, object descended near some houses (see section IV).
january 3, 1967: New Richmond, IN. Professional secretary reported that an inverted mushroom-shaped object hovered over her car
for 10-15 minutes. Area ahead was brightly illuminated. Forward motion slowed, unable to accelerate, loss of steering control (see section
VI).
December 12, 1967: Ithaca, NY. Disc with dome, square windows,
white light from underside passed near car illuminating the interior,
hovered nearby at telephone pole height. Car forced off road, engine
stalled, horn and lights affected. Humming sound. Voices heard from
UF0. 13
February 14, 1974: Ely, NV. Round orange object paced, then approached truck, wind or force felt, E-M effects on truck lights and engine, truck lifted off road, steering control lost, feeling of vacuum, isolation (see section VI).
March 30, 1974: Hombreiro, Lugo, Spain. Motorists blinded by
light from yellow-green object on or near ground to right of road, motor quit, lights went out. After three to four minutes object rose
slightly, moved away horizontally. Object made soft buzzing or
whistling sound. Physical traces found. 14
April 2, 1978: Strinestown, PA. Round object with red body lights
loomed in front of car, hovered about 100 feet (30 meters) above road,
making a pulsating sound. Driver stopped quickly, rammed the car
into reverse to back away. Object tilted toward car, beamed bright
light onto car in a menacing way. Passengers ran into friends' house
to escape. 15
Type 4. Confrontation-Lands or nearly lands on road, blocks passage.
Brilliant lights, strong physical effects. Entities sometimes seen. Possible abduction in some cases.
August 4, 1965: Abilene, KS. Truck lights blinked on and off, then
failed as a domed disc swooped overhead and hovered just above the
road ahead. Diesel engine continued running. Driver jammed on
brakes to avoid hitting object. After a time object suddenly began
emitting sparks, making a sound like wind, and took off. Witness fled
in fear (see section VI).
March 31, 1966: Vicksburg, MI. Motorist encountered brightly
lighted object ahead, drove closer, saw that it was hovering just off the
surface and blocking the roadway, bobbing up and down. Blinding
white light, multicolored body lights. Car was buffeted violently as
object moved quickly from point to point. Low hum heard. Object
rose abruptly, sped off at a steep angle and disappeared. Witness was
badly frightened (see section VI).
April21, 1967: Ephrata, WA. Motorists encountered luminous object on road, slammed on brakes about 10 feet away. The UFO took
off, moved behind the car and followed it for five minutes. The witnesses were frightened. 16
june 9, 1972: Algodonales, Cadiz, Spain. Motorist driving through
mountains suddenly blinded by bright light, engine failed but headlights stayed on. Pulsating yellow oval object seen in the middle of the
road about 5 meters (16 feet) ahead. After about two minutes object
flew away at treetop height illuminating trees, disappeared in distance.17
October 17, 1973: Danielsville, GA. Cone-shaped object landed
ahead of car forcing emergency stop. Two small beings in silvery garb
emerged from underneath object. Witness stepped out of car with gun
in hand, beings turned and reentered object, which took off with
"whooshing" sound. Witness fired at departing object with no effect
(see table 4).
October 17, 1973: Eupora, MS. Object like inverted cup hovered a
few feet above highway, blocked traffic. Car lights and motor failed
with object about 100 yards (90 meters) away. Grotesque creature
with flipper-like feet and webbing between legs seen (see table 4).
December 19, 1981: Areal, Brazil. Brilliant "silo-shaped" object
with three legs, body lights, its top spinning, swooped in front of car
and blocked road. Driver hit brakes, engine and headlights went out.
Object rose, hovered, followed car as driver sped toward home, took
off and disappeared to the east. 18
December 14, 1987: Launceston, Northern Tasmania. Large light
abruptly landed on road ahead, car lights and motor failed, grayish
elliptical object blocked road, light from underside so bright it hurt
eyes to look at it. Witness fled car and hid in bushes, saw his car
dragged toward UFO, even though hand brake was on, leaving rubber
marks on road and scuffed tires. Another car approached, light went
off, object lifted off road with high-pitched whine, moved away to
south. 19
Type 5. High strangeness-Altered environment, perceptual anomalies,
frequently levitation, alien contact.
May 31, 1974: Umvuma, Rhodesia. Car paced by luminous object
for about three hours, E-M effects, humanoid encounter, abnormal silence, dry terrain appeared wet and lush; suggested abduction. 20
January 6, 1976: Stanford, KY. Red disc-shaped object with white
glowing dome and body lights descended, illuminated car interior
with blue beam of light. Loss of steering control, altered environment,
mass displacement, missing time, abduction, physiological effects (see
section Xlii).
July 6, 1978: Mendoza, Argentina. Car levitated, engine stopped,
altered environment, very cold. Next conscious memory of passengers
found them 9 kilometers (5.4 miles) away from where they had been,
headed in opposite direction. 21
September 22, 1978: Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Luminous
yellow object approached road rally car from behind, bright illumination, visibility restricted, car levitated, perceptual anomalies, car dropped back onto road considerable distance from starting point of encounter (see section VI).
February 5, 1979: Lawitta, Tasmania. Intense white light enveloped car, E-M effects, restricted visibility, memory loss, amnesia;
driver stopped by police for driving without headlights, couldn't remember name, taken to hospital in dazed condition, in shock. Suggested abduction. 22
April2, 1980: Pudasjarvi, Finland. Car drove into "fog," headlights
deflected upward, driver stopped, saw silvery domed object with
portholes; taken on board, examined on metallic table. Physiological
effects (see section XIIl).
Dyad "Scout Craft"
A striking pattern of reports has emerged describing what appears to
be a standard model UFO, of intermediate size between the smallpossibly remote-controlled-discs and the often-reported 35-40 foot
(10-12 meter) in diameter or larger models. Dating back to the 1950s,
many witnesses have described discs (often Saturn-shaped) with
transparent domes through which two small humanoid beings are
visible.
Although size estimates vary, most appear to be somewhere between 15 and 30 feet (4.5 and 9 meters) in diameter. The proportional
size of beings to craft suggests a small two-seater "scout" vehicle with
barely enough space to accommodate the two-entity crew. The reports
imply a mission-oriented purpose.
The beings in these cases often exhibit awareness of the witness,
looking right at him or her. The craft performs characteristic maneuvers that include a downward tilt, during which instrument panels
on board become visible, and rotation. Certain colors and light arrays
recur. The following case summaries illustrate the Dyad "scout
craft."
july 13, 1959: Blenheim, New Zealand. 5:50A.M. Mrs. Frederick
Moreland, a part-time nurse's aide, was helping her husband tend
their nine-acre farm. It was dark with low cloud cover when she went
to the barn to do the morning milking. She noticed a green glow in
the overcast and was halfway across the paddock when two large
green lights emerged from the clouds and descended rapidly toward
the ground in her direction.
"I noticed that I was bathed in a green light [emphasis added] and
that all the paddock was green, too," she later reported. In a statement
Lo local police, she said that the green glare was so bright that she
could nol see her own "torchlight" (flashlight beam). "It was a horrid
sort of color. My first thought was, 'I shouldn't be here,' and I made a
dive for the trees on the other side of the paddock."
From the protection of the trees, Mrs. Moreland saw a distinct
saucer-shaped object with two extremely bright sources of green light
on its underside that illuminated an area of 50 yards (45 meters). Two
july 13, 1959: Blenheim, New Zealand.
rows of what seemed to be jets around the center of the object were
emitting orange-colored flame. The rows appeared to revolve in opposite directions. The object, about 20-30 feet (6-9 meters) in diameter,
hovered at rooftop level, about 15 feet (4.5 meters) above the ground.
It was no more than 50 yards ( 45 meters) away from her.
"The jets stopped," she said, "and a light was switched on in what
appeared to be a Perspex [plastic] or glass roof or dome [emphasis
added], which glowed." The underside was a gray, metallic color.
She could hear a faint hum, and "the air became very warm." Inside
the transparent dome were two men "dressed in fairly dose-fitting
suits of shiny material." She compared the color to aluminum
foil. They wore "opaque helmets" that rose straight from their shoulders. They seemed to be of normal size. One, she noticed, never
moved.
"I could not see their faces," she said. "One of the men stood up
and put two hands out in front of him, as if leaning over to look
downward. He then sat down and, after a minute or two, the jets
started off again and, tilting [emphasis added] slightly at first, the
thing shot up vertically at great speed and disappeared into the
clouds. When it did this, it made a soft but high-pitched sound [emphasis added]." A peculiar peppery smell lingered in the air. 1
October 24, 1967: Newfield, NY. 9:30 P.M. An object with "knob"
and "antenna" on top approached, tilted down. Two humanoid figures
and control panels were seen through windows. The UFO then tilted
back up and shot out of sight in seconds. Static was heard on handheld radios during the sighting. 2
I .
I
November 2, 1967: Ririe, ID.
.......
rot.t+V,e_
lith+s
Alien-Human Encounters
. 1-
'n, . l\/ r' ... ,...-,
,s;- ~
.. ,_
----"
,.-
December 8, 1967: Idaho Falls, ID.
. "', \. - \
\:.\
459
November 2, 1967: Ririe, ID. 9:30P.M. Two men driving along the
highway saw a light flash, then a small disc with two beings visible inside the transparent dome hovered directly in front of their car. The
area was bathed in green light. A ring of flashing green and orange lights
rotated around the edge of the object. The men had a frightening encounter with two small beings who "floated" down from the craft.
(See complete case summary below.)
December 8, 1967: Idaho Falls, ID. 7:40P.M. Marilyn Wilding, 15,
went out on her front step to look for a friend who was coming to pick
her up. The evening was dark and overcast, and there was snow on
the ground. A light reflecting on the snow caused her to look up, and
she saw a brightly lighted circular object "about as big as a car"
hovering above the house.
As she stood looking at it, the object tipped and rotated so she could
see that it had a transparent dome on top. Within the dome were two figures whose features were indistinct because of the bright glare. The
object rotated clockwise (as seen from below), but maintained its
tilted attitude while rotating, therefore giving the appearance of wobbling. The object then began moving away and, as it receded into the
distance, its light dimmed and turned orange in color. The departure
was observed by Wilding's siblings inside the house. 3
january 1, 1970: Duncan, B.C., Canada. About 5:00 A.M. Mrs.
Doreen Kendall, a registered nurse, looked out a window at the hospital and saw a spacecraft-like object hovering one story above her,
about 60 feet (18 meters) off the ground and 40 feet (12 meters) away.
january 1, 1970: Duncan, B.C., Canada
The object was Saturn-shaped, about 50 feet (15 meters) in diameter,
silvery metallic, with a row of lights around the middle. Two humanoid
figures in dark tight-fitting clothing were visible in the upper portion.
They wore headgear that obscured their facial features.
One stood at an instrument panel and the other behind the first. The
second being turned and looked directly at the nurse and touched the
first being, who then operated a lever, and the craft tilted down, providing a view of its interior. Mrs. Kendall called other witnesses who
arrived in time to see the object as it departed.
June 27, 1970: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 11:40 A.M. Aristeu Machado,
his wife and children, and Joao Aguiar, of the Brazilian Federal police,
saw a domed disc resting on the surface of the Atlantic Ocean, an estimated 700-1,000 meters (770-1,100 yards) offshore. It was a gray
metallic color. Two humanoid figures were standing on the rim of the
disc. After a while the object skimmed the surface of the water and took
off, lights flashing from its underside. Once airborne, the wife could see
clearly the two occupants sitting inside the object (see section V).
April 16, 1974: Casale Monferrato, Italy. 12:50 A.M. Mauro
Bellingeri, 26, and his wife, Carla, were driving home to Santa Maria
del Tempio when they noticed a bright object in the sky. The object
dove abruptly toward the car, stopping at a height of about 12 meters
( 40 feet). The Bellingeris both got out of the car to look at the now
motionless and silent object. It was disclike with a bright, transparent
dome and a central ring of revolving red, green, and yellow lights. Inside the round dome were three human-like beings with large round,
April16, 1974: Casale, Monferrato. Italy.
opaque grayish helmets. At the base of the headgear was a hoselike
apparatus reminiscent of oxygen equipment used by frogmen.
The being closest to them turned in their direction, then returned to
his original position. All three beings then rotated in unison. At this
point, three top four jets of flame appeared beneath the craft, the central portion with lights on it began to revolve rapidly, and a whistling
sound was heard. The Bellingeris felt a blast of air, and the UFO sped
away, continuing to emit a whistling sound.5
May 3, 1975: San Antonio, TX. 9:15 P.M. Alois Olenick, 48, was
driving his 1959 Chevrolet pickup truck westward on Mogford Road,
south of the city, when an unidentified aerial craft approached and
beamed a spotlight down on him. At the same time, his truck was
nearly buffeted off the road as if by a strong wind. As the UFO approached, the main light on its front changed from amber to a "bright,
cherry red," becoming most intense during the close encounter.
"When the craft got directly over the top of my pickup," Olenick
said, "my lights went completely out and my engine was dead." The
object was basically globular in shape with protrusions on either side
that could have been a central ring (making an overall Saturn-shape).
The bottom looked like "highly polished metal" with a reddish glow,
possibly a reflection of the primary red light. Visible inside the transparent dome on top were two humanoid beings.
During the close-range sighting, the craft was tilted at about a 40-
degree angle and oriented so that one of the occupants was directly in
Olenick's line of sight. He said, "They appeared to be just as interested
in me as I was in them. One of the occupants, the one farthest away
from me, appeared to be the pilot and had his hands on what looked like
controls [emphasis added). He was looking up and away from me. The
462 The UFO Evidence, Volume ll
May 3, 1975: San Antonio, TX.
other occupant looked directly at me [emphasis added) . . . and appeared to be observing me. I got a good look at both of them. They
weren't human beings like we see here."
The beings appeared to be five feet tall or under, bald, with prominent ears and a prominent nose. Their eyes were like slits, and their
skin was smooth and gray. As the UFO departed almost instantaneously, Olenick heard a very loud wind sound that he compared to a
cyclone, and his truck was buffeted.
While the craft hovered over his truck, Olenick detected a strong
odor "like burning copper or electrical wiring" (he was a sheet metal
worker). "I feel like they got a look at me, and maybe got my picture
or something, and then turned their lights off and vanished. "6
Late September 1977: Parkstone, Poole, Dorset, UK. 11:00 P.M. Mrs.
Ethel May Field, 62, was in her backyard taking clothes off the clothesline. She heard a humming noise and looked up. The sky was clear. Approaching from the south-southwest she saw a circular object with a
dome on top emitting brilliant light. Its surfaces were gray, and brilliant
blue-yellow (green?) light was being emitted from the underside.
The object appeared to be about 20 feet (6 meters) in diameter.
Through windows in the dome she saw two humanoid figures visible almost to the waist. The object stopped and hovered above her garden,
its light so brilliant that she put her hands up to shield her eyes. When
she did, she felt heat on her hands and a trembling or vibration of the
ground for a second or two.
September 1977: Parkstone, Dorset, UK.
The occupants had silver suits and headgear. Their faces appeared
slender, their arms normal, their hands covered by silvery material. The
figure on the right appeared to be operating controls, his hands extended
downward and out of sight. The being on the left was looking directly at
her, and made a gesture as if pointing downward, which she interpreted
as being an intention to land. This alarmed her and she ran back to the
house to alert her husband and child. She paused at the door to glance
back and saw the object speeding away to the northwest.
In the following week she developed skin irritation on the palms of
her hands, which had been facing outward when she shielded her eyes
from the bright light. She had never before had a skin condition of
this kind.7
August 4, 1979: Canoga Park, CA. 10:35 P.M. A woman and her
grandson saw a disc-shaped craft with clear dome on top approach from
the west. Two humanoid beings with oversized heads were visible inside.
The object stopped and hovered above an apartment building across
the street, within a few hundred feet. It tilted to one side, then returned
to horizontal, and flew behind a tree, stopped, tilted the other way. Finally it flew away back toward the west. The weather was clear and
warm. Both witnesses were frightened by the craft. 8
Small craft with two beings have been observed on or near the
"6
August 4, 1979: Canoga Parh, CA.
ground in many other humanoid encounter and confrontation cases.
For example, see April 24, 1964, Socorro, NM; April 24, 1964, Newark Valley, NY; August 24, 1967, Wodonga, Victoria, Australia; and
September 17, 1978, Torrita di Siena, Italy.
UFO Occupants
Sightings of UFO occupants have tended to increase during sighting
waves, but have been reported steadily over the years. Although a variety of beings have been described, by far the most common type is
the small humanoid wearing "coveralls" and some kind of headgear,
usually round or helmet-like (see section XI).
During close-range encounters with beings outside of their UFO
craft, witnesses have heard unintelligible vocalizations and observed
technological "tools." The beings have been observed "taking samples," "repairing their craft," and engaged in other activities.
Background History, 1947-1963
When Socorro, NM, police officer Lonnie Zamora reported seeing two
small humanoid beings standing next to a landed craft on April 24,
1964, it helped to legitimize 10 years of prior UFO occupant sightings
that had been lingering on the fringes of acceptability. Zamora was a
highly regarded officer known to state police and scientists, and his
sincerity and honesty were universally acknowledged. His report
made headlines nationally and, to some degree, internationally (see
section V).
Scattered reports of entities being observed in association with
UFOs date back at least to 1947. However, the earliest wave of UFO
occupant sightings occurred in Europe late in 1954, primarily in
France and Italy. Major U.S. publications such as Life and The New
Yorker magazine reported the sightings, though inevitably with
tongue-in-cheek commentary.
The reported beings typically were 3-4.5 feet (0.9-1.4 meters) tall
and wore coveralls and round, translucent headgear resembling
"diver's helmets." Light beams or other electromagnetic energy from
the craft (or from the beings) had effects on animals and frequently
paralyzed human witnesses. At the same time, vehicle engines and
headlights failed. Some sort of aerial craft, usually round or discshaped, was observed. 1
The following spring and summer scattered witnesses throughout
the southern and midwestern United States reported sightings of UFO
occupants. The most famous case occurred on August 21, 1955, near
Kelly, KY. Small beings with large heads and prominent ears besieged
a farmhouse for hours shortly after the sighting of a descending UF0. 2
The 1955 U.S. sightings were not much like those in France and Italy
the year before. As expressed by highly regarded contemporary investigators, Isabel Davis and Ted Bloecher:
Most of the European and South American cases described beings associated directly with objects [i.e., apparent craft); in the United States,
the beings' association with an actual UFO was uncertain or even absent altogether. In several cases, the entities displayed details of appearance strikingly similar to some of the foreign humanoid reportssmall size, large glowing eyes and clawed hands. In other respects,
there were some notable differences; for example, none of the domestic reports described the "diving suits" that were so often reported in
the French and Italian cases.
Many entity reports are ambiguous about whether the beings were
wearing clothing, even when anatomical details like musculature
were evident. Very tight, form-fitting coveralls often are described.
Also, the entire issue of whether the entities in some cases had lifesupport systems or were breathing our atmosphere-or were in fact
robots-requires close study. Quite a few reports describe backpacks,
hoses, or tubes, elaborate headgear, and handheld boxes or instruments, indicating some form of technology analogous to ours.
june 27, 1959: Papua, New Guinea.
The occupant reports are strongly consistent in describing humanlike ("humanoid") beings, in that they have bilateral symmetry (two
eyes, two arms, two legs, one on each side of a vertical centerline),
and apparently binocular vision. The hands (though sometimes showing only two, three, or four fingers) have been observed to grasp objects and manipulate devices. The beings generally walk (or float) in
an upright position.
After 1955, the next major wave of UFO sightings, late in 1957,
was concentrated in the southwestern and central United States, and
featured unidentified glowing elliptical objects that landed on roadways in Levelland, TX, as cars stalled. Scattered reports of UFO occupants came from all over the country during this wave. 3 Similar reports were made occasionally during the early 1960s. Then came
Socorro, a growing frequency of UFO sightings in 1965, and, finally,
the major UFO sighting wave of 1966-1967 (see section Vlll). UFO
occupant sightings multiplied in these years; some of these are included in table 1.
TABLE 1. UFO OCCUPANT SIGHTINGS, 1954-1963
Date/Identification
September 10, 1954
Antoine Mazaud,
Mourieras, France
8:50P.M.
Description
One being of average height, "helmet"-like
headgear; cigar-shaped craft; being confronted
witness, extended arm and touched him'
Alien-Human Encounters
Date/Identification
September 10, 1954
Marius Dewilde,
Quarouble, France
10:30 P.M.
September 17, 1954
Yves David,
Cenon (Vienne),
France
10:30 P.M.
September 26, 1954
Mme. Leboeuf,
Chabeuil (Drome),
France
4:00P.M.
September 2 7, 1954
Raymond Romand,
Premanon (Jura),
France
8:30P.M.
October 3, 1954
Bernard Devoisin,
Rene Coudette,
Ligescourt, France
6:45P.M.
October 3, 1954
Angelo Girardo,
Bressuire, France
October 9, 1954
Roger Barrault,
Lavoux, France
7:00P.M.
October 9, 1954
Gilbert Calda, l2
Pournoy-la-Chetive,
(Moselle), France
6:30P.M.
467
Description
Two beings 3~ ft. tall, coveralls, diver's helmet;
dark mass on ground; dog howled, witness
blinded by light from craft, paralyzed'
One being smaller than a man; bicyclist felt
shock, paralysis, being touched him on
shoulder, uttered unintelligible sound; object
on road took off, green light
One being 3 ft. tall, diving suit, helmet, large
eyes; flat circular craft; dog barked, being
approached, witness fled; circle of crushed
foliage found at site'
Two beings, squarish with legs; fiery ball hovered
over meadow, light from barn reflected off
being, child threw pebbles that struck it with
metallic sound; 12-foot circle of flattened grass,
imprints, at site'
One child-sized being, diver's suit; glowing
orange domed disc on road, bicyclists
approached, being entered craft and took
off"
One small figure in diver's suit; bicyclist came
upon 10-foot disc on ground, being next to it;
being entered craft and took off'"
One 4~-ft.-tall being, diver's suit, bright eyes,
two lights on chest; bicyclist at dusk
encountered being, who disappeared into woods;
no craft seen"
One 4-ft.-tall being, dark coveralls, large eyes;
children roller-skating, shiny round craft landed
near them, being emerged, made unintelligible
sound; they ran away"
468
Date/Identification
October 11, 1954
Henri Gallois,
Louis Vigneron,
Clamecy (Nievre), France
4:30A.M.
October 11, 1954
Three motorists,
Tapignac (Charente,
Maritime), France
7:30P.M.
October 16, 1954
Dr. Henri Robert,
Baillolet (SeineInferieure), France
nightfall
October 18, 1954
Marie-L. Bourriot,
St.-Point (Doubs),
France
10:45 P.M.
November 28, 1954
Gustavo Gonzalez,
jose Ponce,
Caracas, Venezuela
December 10, 1954
Lorenzo Flores,
jesus Gomez,
Chico, Venezuela
nighttime
May 25, 1955
Robert Hunnicutt,
Branch Hill, OH
3:30A.M.
july 3, 1955
Margaret Symmonds,
Stockton, GA
3:30A.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Three small figures; en route to a fair, felt shock,
paralysis, engine and lights failed; beings entered
round craft and took off!'
Four 3-ft.-tall beings; motorists stopped to
watch hovering disc that descended into woods;
two entered woods to investigate, saw beings
enter domed disc and take off!
One 3-ft.-tall being; one of four circular objects
zigzagged down in front of car, witness felt
shock, engine and lights failed; being visible
in light from UFO"
One human in coveralls, two dwarflike beings;
luminous object over road, motorcycle almost
struck human form, joined by small beings,
craft departed; small footprints found'
Three hairy dwarfs with glowing eyes; glowing
sphere blocked road; Gonzalez struggled with
being which knocked him down, second
emerged, blinded him with light beam"
Four 3-ft.-tall, hairy, strong beings; UFO like two
bowls rim to rim just off ground; beings tried
to drag witnesses on board'"
Three 3~-ft.-tall gray beings, wide mouths,
lopsided chests; driving home from work, saw
beings by road, one held sparkling rod overhead,
alfalfa-almond odor; Ground Observer Corps
UFO sighting earlier that evening'
Four 3'h- to 4-ft.-tall beings, gray garb, long
arms, large reddish eyes, pointed chins, small
mouths, clawlike hands; beings in road
apparently digging with sticks; witness swerved
car to avoid hitting them'"
Alien-Human Encounters
Date/Identification
August21-22, 1955
]. C. Sutton family,
Mrs. Glennie Lankford,
Kelly, KY
8:00P.M.
May 10, 1957
Michel Fekete,
M. &: Mme. Rene Lepot,
Beaucort-sur-Ancre,
France
10:45 P.M.
October 15, 1957
Antonio Villas-Boas,
Siio Francisco de
Sales, Brazil
1:00 A.M.
November 6, 1957
Everett Clark,
Dante, TN
6:30A.M.
November 6, 1957
john Trasco,
Everittstown, NJ
dusk
November 7, 1957
Malvan Stephens,
House, MS
7:25P.M.
December 16, 1957
Mary M. Starr,
Old Saybrook, CT
2-:00-3:00 A.M.
june 26, 1959
Fr. William Gill,
Papua, New Guinea
6:45P.M.
469
Description
Two or three 3~-ft.-tall beings, large heads, big
ears, large luminous eyes, long arms, clawlike
hands, luminescent torsos; disc-shaped craft
landed, dog barked violently, beings approached
house one or two at a time, floated at times"
Four beings under five feet tall, gray skin or
garb, oversized heads; darkness and distance
concealed features; bicyclist blinded by light,
saw silhouettes of small beings in road, fled;
luminous object pulsating from red to white
flew away at 45-degree angle"
Five small beings, headgear, one female;
abducted onto landed disc craft (see section XIII,
Abduction Case Summaries)
Four human-looking beings, unintelligible vocal
sounds, entered cigar-shaped craft on ground as
if "walking through glass," took off silently;
elliptical imprint 5 ft. x 24 ft. found in grass"
One 2~- to 3-ft.-tall being, green garb, puttycolored face, chin, large bulging eyes; man saw
9- to 12-ft.-long luminous egg-shaped UFO, confronted by being who spoke in broken English"
Three 4~-ft.-tall beings, gray garb, dark hair,
"pasty white" faces; truck driver blocked by large
gray egg-shaped craft on road; door opened,
beings emerged, made chattering sound; craft departed straight up at high speed"
Two robot-like beings, squarish heads, one arm
upraised; visible through windows of 20- to 30-
ft.-long-ellipse hovering near house; craft
glowed, windows vanished, took off'
Four "men" illuminated by blue light on top
of hovering disc-shaped craft with four legs;
responded to waves by witnesses"
470
Date/Identification
july 13, 1959
Mrs. Frederick,
Moreland, Blenheim,
New Zealand
5:50A.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Two shiny beings, close-fitting garb, "opaque
helmets," visible in dome of hovering discshaped craft (see case summary above)
UFO Occupant Sightings, 1964-196 7
Subsequent major UFO sighting waves in the mid-1960s and in 1973
included dozens of occupant sightings (see section Vlll). The 1978
wave included the internationally reported disappearance of a young
pilot over Australia during his sighting of a UFO as he was describing
it to air traffic controllers (see section Ill).
The relationship of these reports to abduction reports is a matter of
great interest. Abductions first began entering public awareness in the
1960s and multiplied in the 1970s (see section Xlll). To what extent
do earlier descriptions of UFO occupants match abductee descriptions of their reported captors? In some of the 1954 cases the witnesses saw very large or especially noteworthy eyes through the headgear, and in one case, on October 18, a human-appearing being was
seen cooperating with two small humanoids.
On November 6, 1957, in Dante, TN, Everett Clark saw beings apparently enter their craft through its side without benefit of a door.
Some of these features were reported before abduction reports.
Were some clues concealed in the numerous occupant reports suggesting a change in the behavior or strategy of the presumed aliens
leading up to increasing abductions of human beings? Can a progression of occupant sightings, passive encounters, aggressive encounters,
and abductions be traced? Did the growing rate of abductions signal
the end of some previous phase of activities?
In addition to the more-or-less human-like entities about four to
five feet tall, there have always been sporadic reports of less "humanoid"-even monstrous-beings associated with UFOs. Some
were reported to be gigantic and/or grotesque in appearance, but usually there were no confirming examples by independent witnesses in
other cases.
There is no way currently to determine the validity of these
"fringe" reports. They could be observational errors in some cases, but
if even a fraction of them are valid, we are faced with a bewildering ar-
ray of data. None should be discarded only because their story content
is bizarre. If observational conditions were poor, or the witnesses are
of uncertain credibility, then we can only suspend judgment pending
better data.
Socorro and Beyond, 1964-1967
When sightings began to increase noticeably early in 1964, for the
first time in six or seven years, the pace picked up gradually, accelerated in 1965, and remained at an unprecedented high rate throughout
1966 and 1967. Late in 1964 and early in 1965 a flurry of sightings
was reported in and around Washington, DC, that attracted the attention of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). It was rumored that
government officials had been among the witnesses.
Throughout the four years high-strangeness cases were common,
but often they were high credibility, as well. By the end of 1966 revolutionary changes were in the air; the Air Force Project Blue Book
UFO investigation was under heavy fire, Congress was taking a closer
look, and an independent scientific study was mandated (see section
XV, The Colorado UFO Project).
Occupant cases during this period often included "coveralls" and
helmets or headgear of some kind, elliptical or disc-shaped craft, and
face-to-face encounters. A number of examples are listed in table 2.
TABLE 2. UFO OCCUPANT SIGHTINGS, 1964-1967
Date/Identification
April 24, 1964
Gary Wilcox,
Newark Valley, NY
10:00 A.M.
April 24, 1964
Lonnie Zamora,
Socorro, NM
5:45P.M.
July 16, 1964
Five boys,
Conklin, NY
afternoon
Description
Two 4-ft.-tall beings, silver-white garb, eggshaped craft just above ground; beings communicated in English (see case summary below)
Two 4-ft.-tall beings, white garb; beings fled
into egg-shaped craft when spotted (see
section V)
One 3-ft.-tall being, black garb, helmet, glasslike faceplate; dome-shaped craft seen on
ground; whistling sound attracted attention
to being perched in tree, who floated to ground'
472
Date/Identification
September 4, 1964
Donald Shrum,
Cisco Grove, CA
nighttime
November 25, 1964
New Berlin, NY
january 19, 1965
William Blackburn,
Brands Flats, VA
6:15P.M.
july 1, 1965
Maurice Masse,
Valensole, France
5:45A.M.
September 1, 1965
Huanuco, Peru
5:00A.M.
September 10, 1965
Saojoao,
Pernambuco State,
Brazil
8:30A.M.
March 23, 1966
Temple, OK
5:05A.M.
February 5, 1967
Hilliard, OH
evening
March 12, 1967
Glens Falls, NY
10:30 P.M.
March 28, 1967
Munroe Falls, OH
2:30A.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Several humanoids plus robots; luminous object
landed, beings trapped witness in tree, prolonged
confrontation'
Twelve humanoids observed at distance after
two discs landed on hill; appeared to be engaged
in repair operation for hours'
Three small humanoids floated from hovering
craft, confronted witness (see case summary
below)
Two to three small humanoids, one-piece garb;
whistling sound, saw craft and beings; tried to
approach, paralyzed (see case summary below)
One humanoid, large head; oval object landed on
estate, being emerged, gestured, reentered craft,
took off straight up at high speed'
Two small, brown-skinned humanoids, onepiece garb; two discs landed, beings emerged,
objects rose a few meters, unintelligible
vocalizations'
One human-like being and elongated craft
with flashing lights encountered on road;
being entered it and took off'>
Several human-like beings emerged from
elliptical craft with three legs, placed small
spherical objects around craft'
One being seen moving inside windows of
hovering top-shaped craft with lights around
circumference
Four to five humanoid beings with large heads
ran back and forth across road, one hit by car;
dents found on car bumper
Date/Identification
April14, 1967
Melville, NY
9:00P.M.
june 13, 1967
Caledonia, Ontario,
Canada
2:30A.M.
july 17, 1967
Belfast,
North Ireland
evening
july 20, 1967
Elizabeth Douglas,
Titusville, Fl
9:15P.M.
july 31, 1967
Sidney Zipkin,
Churchville, NY
10:15 P.M.
August 3, 1967
Caracas, Venezuela
11:30 P.M.
August 23, 1967
Stanley Moxon,
joyceville, Ontario
Canada
4:00A.M.
August 24, 1967
Ron Hyde,
Wodonga, Victoria
Australia
5:00P.M.
August 31, 1967
Cussac, France
September 15, 1967
Winsted, CT
9:00P.M.
Description
One small being appeared in doorway of circular
craft that landed beside road, E-M effects on car;
soil samples taken10
Three 3- to 4-ft.-tall beings, light-colored
clothing, helmets, moved around beneath cigarshaped craft with windows; physical traces found
at site"
Two silver-suited humanoids emerged from
craft, entered woods; returned and "drifted"
back into craft"
One humanoid visible inside disc with dome,
square windows, as craft flew low past house"
Two small beings, shiny black garb. Saturnshaped craft seen near ground in truck headlights; beings boarded, took off straight up14
One 3-ft.-tall being, emerged from hovering
luminous disc, took gravel samples"
Three 3- to 4-ft.-tall beings, white garb, translucent helmets from disc with three legs,
gathered specimens (see case summary below)
Two humanoids about five ft. tall, silvery suits,
round helmets, emerged from disc with dome;
one moved toward witness and gestured, he fled
in fear (see case summary below)
Two small beings, black garb, entered discshaped craft and took off'
Three beings about 4~ ft. tall, large heads, scurried around glowing, pulsating object; light dimmed when cars approached"
474
Date/Identification
September 21, 1967
Jose Edrosa,
Barcelona, Spain
12:30 A.M.
October 24, 1967
Newfield, NY
9:30P.M.
November 2, 1967
Guy Tossie,
Willie Begay,
Ririe, lD
9:30P.M.
November 24, 1967
Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil
2:30P.M.
December 8, 1967
Marilyn Wilding,
Idaho Falls, lD
7:40P.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Small beings, large heads, white garb; beings
seen moving toward brilliant round object on
ground, car lifted, witness in severe shock18
Two humanoid figures seen in window of saucershaped craft (see Dyad cases above)
Two small humanoids from disc with dome,
aggressive encounter (see case summary below)
Three small white-clad figures around disc with
dome, red lights; physical traces found at site19
Two humanoid figures visible in disc with dome
(see case summary below)
CASE SUMMARIES, 1964-1967
April 24, 1964: Newark Valley, NY. 10:00 A.M. Dairy farmer Gary T.
Wilcox, 27, saw a bright flash of light like reflected sunlight in his
field and went to investigate. He found a shiny, egg-shaped object
hovering a few feet off the ground, emitting a humming sound. It was
metallic-appearing, something like aluminum, about 20 feet (6 meters) long. Wilcox walked up and touched it, and it felt "just like
touching an automobile."
Two small humanoid figures, about four feet tall, emerged from beneath the object, ducking their heads as they came. They wore onepiece, seamless uniforms from head to foot, the same silvery color as
their ship. Their heads and faces were concealed by the garment. Each
entity carried a small tray held at waist height, also silvery. The trays
contained samples of sod with alfalfa and grass in it, apparently cut
from the field. Wilcox was unable to see their hands, which were covered by the trays. One approached to within five feet and said, in perfect English, "Don't be alarmed. We have talked to people before."
Alien-Human Encounters
September 4, 1964: Cisco Grove, CA
Robot-like being.
475
Wilcox reported having a two-hour conversation with the beings,
who said they were from Mars. They asked him what he was doing,
and when he told them he was spreading manure, they asked what
manure was and where it came from, and why he spread it on the
ground. They expressed interest in agricultural information in general. On Mars, they said, they obtained their food from the atmosphere, and they were visiting Earth to get information on organic materials to restore their soil and raise food crops. They asked him if they
could have some fertilizer.
Finally the beings reentered the craft from underneath, and after
about a minute, took off horizontally on a slight rising angle, then
sped away "so fast I could hardly see it [the craft)." After they left,
Wilcox noticed some small impressions in the ground where they had
stood; a small patch of red, jelly-like film; and a small pile of leaves
and dead grass that seemed to be drawn together. Later he picked up
a bag of fertilizer from his barn and left it at the spot where the craft
had been. When he returned to the spot next morning, the bag of fertilizer was gone.
Wilcox gave the county sheriff a statement, and the sheriff notified
the regional FBI office, which, in turn, notified a local Air Force base.
FBI, or other federal agents, visited the sheriff's office and, according
to Wilcox, mentioned certain parts of the story that should not be divulged because they might alarm the public. Wilcox also said that the
local civil defense agency checked a soil sample from the site for radioactivity and found a moderate reading that was higher than background count and a little below a contamination level. 20
January 19, 1965: Brand's Flats, VA. About 6:15P.M. William Blackburn was chopping wood for an archery meet to be held that evening.
The weather was snowy and inclement. A glint of light attracted his
attention, and he looked up to see a huge cone-shaped object, estimated to be 200 feet (60 meters) in diameter, descending. It stopped
at about 3,000 feet (900 meters) above the ground, and a smaller object, estimated to be 60 feet (18 meters) in diameter, landed in the
cleared area next to the clubhouse.
A draftsman, Blackburn was impressed by the highly polished,
light-reflective metal of the craft, later saying: "I bet you couldn't see
that thing at 5,000 feet [1,500 meters] on a clear day!" (The "Martians" had told Gary Wilcox that they preferred to land during the
daytime because the glow of their craft could be detected too easily at
night, whereas they were not so readily visible in daylight from beyond 100 feet/30 meters.)
The craft had landed within 50 feet (15 meters) of Blackburn, and
as he stood staring at it an opening appeared "like someone took a
slice of pie from it." Three small humanoid beings emerged and
floated toward him, their feet never touching the ground. The soles of
their "shoes" were several inches thick. They were about 3 feet (0.9
meters) tall, but otherwise human-like.
Blackburn froze, apparently paralyzed, as the beings approached
within 35 feet (10 meters). They made unintelligible sounds as if trying to communicate. He noted that the one on his right had what appeared to be an abnormally long finger on its left hand. Moments later
the beings turned around and floated back to their craft, reentering the
opening, which then closed, seeming to "mold itself to the ship" and
leaving no indication of a door. Both objects then quickly departed.
Under later questioning, Blackburn observed that there was an oval
or bubble on top of the landed craft that was "quite strange ... you
felt quite strange when you looked at it." During a face-to-face interview he refused to elaborate on this comment, but he seemed to be
suggesting that it had a hypnotic effect. Blackburn's colleagues at the
local General Electric plant where he worked vouched for his honesty
and integrity. As former skeptics, they were shaken by his report and
the fact that unidentified government agents had interrogated him
and "sternly warned" him not to talk about the experience.
In questioning local citizens, Dallas Kersey, a reporter and head of
the Richmond Times-Dispatch bureau, also found reason to take thereport seriously. They had seen a car with government license plates at
that time in Waynesboro, a small community in the Shenandoah
Mountains some 100 miles southwest of Washington, DC. 21
In southeast France, near the little town of Valensole, on July 1,
1965, farmer Maurice Masse, 41, had just completed a smoke before
starting work at 5:45 A.M. As he was about to start his tractor, he heard
a high-pitched whistling sound. Unable to determine its origin, he
stepped around a tall pile of rubble and gazed across his lavender field
and an adjacent vineyard.
Almost 300 feet (90 meters) away in the lavender field was some
kind of machine, its strange appearance markedly different from that
of helicopters, with which Masse was quite familiar. Its main body
was egg-shaped-Masse described it as similar in shape to a rugby
ball-with a cupola on top, and resting on six curved legs connected
to a central support. Its size was comparable to a small car. Two small
beings less than four feet (1.2 meters) tall and looking like eight-yearold children, squatted near the machine, examining a lavender plant.
A third being was visible inside the transparent cupola.
Thinking at first that they were vandals, Masse strode into the vineyard toward the figures intent on confronting them, but as he apjuly 1, 1965: Valensole, France
(Drawing by Joel Mesnard, LDLN).
proached he became acutely aware that they were not human. Initially, the beings didn't seem to be aware of Masse's presence-one had
its back to him-until he entered the vineyard, at which time they
straightened up and faced him.
Masse could see that the beings had oversized heads-perhaps
triple the size of human heads-covered with smooth, hairless skin.
Their faces were characterized by large, slanting eyes, small mouths
with no lips, and pointed chins.
Apparently they used sound to communicate with each other, but
the sounds Masse heard-on the order of grumbles or grunts-did
not seem to issue from their mouths; in fact, he was unable to determine the origin of the sounds and thought they might have originated
from their midsections. At this point he was within about 15 feet (five
meters) of them. Each of the beings wore gray-green coveralls that left
their heads and hands uncovered. One of them took from his belt a
small cylinder and pointed it at Masse, who was then frozen in place,
unable to move.
After several moments, during which Masse was left with not unkind perceptions of the visitors, they returned with remarkable agility
to their craft and entered it through a sliding door. The craft then
lifted off rapidly at a 45-degree angle in a westerly direction, the
multi-legged undercarriage rotating and retracting, and the whistling
sound once again evident. Inside their cupola, the beings peered out
at Masse. When the craft had moved about 60 feet (18 meters) away
it suddenly vanished. For another 15 minutes, Masse remained completely immobilized, regaining full control of his limbs only gradually.
Subsequently Masse would not talk to anyone except his family
about what occurred during the period of time between the time the
beings noticed him and immobilized him. He attested only that,
"They are good; they have only good intentions toward us, of that I
am sure." If some type of communication transpired between Masse
and the beings-and Masse himself has all but confirmed that it didhe has adamantly refused to reveal the content of that communication
in the years since the incident in his lavender field.
Inspection of the site immediately after the encounter revealed the
presence of a shallow basin of hard-packed soil somewhat less than
five feet (1.5 meters) in diameter, in the center of which was a cylindrical hole surrounded by four smaller traces at the corners of an
imaginary square (two of the legs apparently left no marks). The center hole was about 7 inches (18 em) in diameter and extended a foot
or more (30 em) into the ground, branching out in three directions at
bottom.
Alien-Human Encounters
, '
(.::::
. . ! {
I
.... ct vu~ d.rv Q. .. d.
vtr'f har6.. $oil 1
sc verA.! ,.clers
i" l;a...-a~&r
" .
;
ut111611~
,.~ ww~
---- ... -~-- _!(""-- - -. -
'"il oa.t'S(II& lallA(~~ S:lrt
, ' , .'! ,"\ ', .. ~ . : : ', . {v. ~..; '{) -
'' "-'
Ground traces at Valensole landing site.
app*;"'.~e shp ~
'hole '"" t-1.... trou.l'l.d..
479
Additionally, four shallow grooves extended from the central hole
forming an X-pattern. A kind of watery mud surrounding the hole,
which Masse had noted when he first inspected the landing traces in
the morning, had a cement-like hardness by evening. Outside of the
affected area the soil remained soft and moist.
The lavender plants, too, had been affected by the passage of the
object: for more than 300 feet (90 meters) beneath the course it had
taken when departing the field-although to the witness the object
had seemed to vanish before that-lavender shoots were extremely
dry and lacked vitality that plants to either side of the ground track
possessed. Renowned French researcher Aime Michel, examining the
plants under a microscope, found that affected lavender sprigs crumbled to dust in the hands while nondesiccated sprigs from the same
plants were entirely normal. This phenomenon was visible over a
width of 2 or 3 meters (7-10 feet). No further analysis of the plant
damage seems to have been conducted.
The lavender plants growing at the site where the craft rested on
the ground ultimately died. Subsequent lavender plantings at the site
also died, and photographs of the field taken in 1968-more than
three years after the encounter-show only weeds growing at the
landing site, while the rest of the field has a healthy covering of lavender bushes. Chemical analysis of the soil at the landing site revealed a
calcium content greatly exceeding that of control samples from the
field. 22
Masse himself also suffered aftereffects. Four days later he became
intensely sleepy and lethargic. Normally needing only four to five
hours of sleep a night, he suddenly needed 12 to 15, and might have
slept even longer except that his family awakened him out of concern
for his welfare. His altered sleep cycle persisted for several weeks before Masse was able to resume his normal routine23 (R.P.S., see Acknowledgments).
August 23, 1967: joyceville, Ontario, Canada. 4:00 A.M. Stanley
Moxon drove down a side road to investigate a puzzling green light in
a field. His car headlights illuminated a huge metallic-appearing disc
on or just above the ground, shaped like an upside-down bowl with
three legs. Three three- to four-foot-tall beings in white clothing and
translucent helmets appeared and walked around, apparently gathering specimens. When observed, they seemed to "fly" into the disc,
which immediately took off silently at high speed. Police found burn
marks and impressions on the ground. The witness was interrogated
by U.S. Air Force investigators. 21
August 24, 1967: Wodonga, Victoria, Australia. 5:00 P.M. While
traveling about 70 mph (112 kmlh) on a motorcycle, Ron Hyde was
suddenly surrounded by bright blue-white light illuminating the road.
As he stopped, a blindingly bright lenslike disc about 25-30 feet (7-9
meters) in diameter with a dome on top descended within a few feet
(a meter) of the ground about 100 feet (30 meters) off the road. Two
humanoid beings about 5-5.5 feet (1.5-1.6 meters) tall with round
"helmets" and silver metallic-appearing suits emerged. One stepped
closer to the witness and gestured, and the witness fled in fear.
The object followed the motorcycle about 100 feet (30 meters) off
the ground surrounded by a pinkish glow, making a humming sound
that was audible above the roar of Hyde's engine. He stopped again,
and the object stopped and hovered, the hum subsiding. After about
30 seconds the color surrounding the object changed from pink to
brilliant deep red, and the object tilted up at a 45-degree angle and
shot away at fantastic speed. 25
November 2, 1967: Ririe, ID. 9:30P.M. While driving on State Highway 26, Guy Tossie and Willie Begay saw a flash of light, then a small
disc with two beings visible in its clear dome hovered in front of their
car, about 5 feet (1.5 meters) above the road. The area was bathed in
a vivid green light. A ring of flashing green and orange lights rotated
around its center (see july 13, 1959, Blenheim, New Zealand, report).
Their car came to a halt by itself. The clear dome opened as if hinged
at one side, and one of the beings floated down next to the car. It was
3 to 3.5 feet (about l meter) tall with a face that appeared deeply
scarred or lumpy, prominent ears, round eyes, and no nose or lips.
The being had a deep chest, and tight-fitting coveralls. A flat backpack
protruded above its head. Only two fingers were visible on one hand.
The being opened the driver's door and pushed his way into the
car, grabbing the steering wheel. The car was drawn as if towed 75 feet
(22 meters) off the highway into an adjacent field. While this was
happening, the craft maintained a fixed position relative to the car,
"like the car was fastened to it." Tossie jumped from the car and fled
down the highway to a farmhouse. He saw a bright light following
him and thought it must be the second being. Begay, who had been
driving, said the being twice spoke in a high-pitched, rapid voice,
"like a woman ... or a bird," but he made no attempt to reply. He was
so terrified that he felt faint.
The being then left the car, joined by the second being, and both
floated back up to the craft and reentered it. The top closed, its colors
brightened, and it rose in a zigzag path. A yellow light shot from the
bottom center and "played like flame," and the object took off at high
speed with a whirring sound and rush of air and disappeared.
Meanwhile, at the farmhouse Willard Hammon heard loud, frantic
knocking and opened his front door. The frightened Tossie was invited in and began talking incoherently about a light that drove their
car off the road and a "dead" friend. Hammon suggested they return
to the scene, but Tossie was too frightened. Finally, he agreed to go
along with Hammon and Hammon's son, Bob. When they arrived at
the scene, the car's headlights were still on and the motor was running. Begay sat trembling behind the steering wheel, his eyes closed.
Finally, the witnesses were able to start driving home, and the Hammons stopped for coffee. A county sheriff and a local policeman came
in, and soon so did Tossie and Begay, who said they were too scared
to go home alone.
They told their story to the police, who contacted the state police,
and an investigator was sent. Cpl. Tom Harper of the Idaho State Police met the witnesses at the scene of the incident and checked the car
for radioactivity or other evidence, with negative results. A storekeeper reported "a number of frightened dogs and stampeded cattle in
the vicinity that same night." Also the same evening, Mrs. Claude
Mann said her cattle broke through a steel-pipe gate and ran for about
two miles. After they were rounded up and corralled, they broke
through the fence again.
A NICAP investigator found another witness-who insisted on remaining anonymous for fear of ridicule-who said that a small object
had descended in front of his truck later that evening near Ririe, causing the vehicle to stop. A small being came out of the object and approached the truck, tapping on the windshield. The man was terrified
and thought he was going crazy, but he managed to escape. The next
morning the man heard a report about Begay and Tossie's experience
on the radio and, according to a friend, "turned white as a sheet." Local citizens who were interviewed considered the Tossie and Begay report a real event. 26
About a month later in Idaho Falls, ID, about 20 miles southwest
of Ririe, Marilyn Wilding, 15, had a similar sighting. At 7:40P.M. on
December 8, she noticed that the snow was brightly illuminated. She
looked up and saw a disc with a transparent dome. The craft tipped
forward, revealing two humanoid figures inside the transparent dome,
partly concealed by a bright glare. They seemed to be watching her.
The object then rotated clockwise, rose, and moved away to the
north. 27
Between Waves, 1968-1972
The prolonged 1960s sighting wave tapered off early in 1968, and it
was not until 1973 that the next major wave occurred. Encounters
with occupants continued sporadically in the intervening years, but
UFO sightings in general received very little publicity. However, the
same patterns were evident in the cases reported during these years,
as illustrated in table 3.
TABLE 3. UFO OCCUPANT SIGHTINGS, 1968-1972
Date/Identification
November 20, 1968
M. Milakovic,
Hanbury, UK
5:30P.M.
january 1, 1970
Doreen Kendall,
Duncan, B.C., Canada
5:00A.M.
january 7, 1970
A. Heinonen,
lmjarvi, Finland
4:45P.M.
june 27, 1970
Aristeu Machado,
Rio de janeiro, Brazil
11:40 A.M.
Description
Five silhouetted humanoids moving back and
forth in dome of luminous UFO'
Two dark beings in tight-fitting garb visible in
upper portion of Saturn-shaped object with
lights on rim; facial features obscured by
headgear (see case summary above)
One small humanoid, thin arms, descended in
light beam from hovering disc, rendered witnesses unconscious with "light weapon" (see
summary below)
Two small humanoids on rim of Saturn-shaped
craft with flashing lights on the underside; craft
took off, skimming ocean surface (see section V)
Date/Identification
August 16, 1970
Puente de Herrera,
Valladolid, Spain
1:00 A.M .
April 14, 1971
D. Donaldson,
Callery, PA
8:00P.M.
July 19, 1972
Brisbane, Queensland
Australia
2:00A.M.
Description
One human-size being, dark tight-fitting garb,
entered Saturn-shaped craft, which took off with
an intense whistling sound'
Two silhouetted human-like figures visible in
windows of hovering disc (see section VI)
Six grayish humanoids, faces obscured, standing
by roadside near long silvery object; one held up
hand as motorist approached'
CASE SUMMARIES, 1968-1972
January 7, 1970: lmjarvi, Finland. 4:45 P.M. Two skiers, Aarno
Heinonen, 36, a forester, and Esko Viljo, 38, a farmer, stopped to rest
on the ski slopes. A buzzing sound that grew louder attracted their attention, and they saw a grayish disc-shaped object about 3 meters (10
feet) in diameter approach, and hover about 4 meters (13 feet) off the
ground, within a luminous cloud. The object had three hemispherical
projections and a central tube on its underside. As they watched, it
slowly descended, and then they experienced a memory loss.
Heinonen: "We found ourselves in a sort of mist that paralyzed us.
The next day we did not remember much of what had happened. Not
until now has it become clear to us what really happened." This lurJ'
\
November 20, 1968: Hanbury, UK
january 7, 1970: lmjarvi, Finland
Humanoid descended in light beam.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
minous mass then formed into a circular or ball shape and rose back
up into the object.
At some stage Heinonen noticed a humanoid being standing in a
beam of light from the central tube on the object. The being held a
black box in front of him, and from an opening in the box came a pulsating yellow light. The being was about 90 ems (3 feet) tall, with very
thin arms and legs. Its face was pale, like wax. "I didn't notice the
eyes, but the nose was very strange. It was a hook rather than a nose.
The ears were very small, and narrowed towards the head. The creature wore some kind of overall in a light green material. On its feet
were boots of a darker green color, which stretched above the knees.
There were also white gauntlets going up to the elbows, and the fingers were bent like claws around the black box."
While the two men stood and stared at the being, it turned a little
and pointed the opening of the box toward Heinonen. The pulsating
light from it was very bright, almost blinding. Then a thick red-gray
mist descended from the central tube on the object, and red-greenpurple sparks came from the luminous circular mass above the snow
created by the object. The sparks floated out toward the men and hit
them, but they didn't feel anything. The mist became thicker and
thicker until they could no longer see each other, or the being.
Viljo: "The creature stood in the middle of the bright light and was
luminous like phosphorus, but its face was very pale. Its shoulders
were very thin and slanting, with thin arms like those of a child ....
On its head was a conical helmet shining like metal. The creature was
less than one meter tall and very thin .... Suddenly the circle [luminous mass] above the snow decreased, the light beam floated upwards
like a trembling flame and went into the tube of the object." When the
mist dispersed the being and the object were gone.
When Heinonen and Viljo "came to" with confused memories,
Heinonen felt numb on his right side, which had faced the lights, and
had pains and a headache. Viljo helped him to a house where he vomited and passed dark urine. At 8:00 P.M. he went to Dr. Pauli Kajanoja
in nearby Heinola. His blood pressure was lower than normal, and he
seemed to be in a state of shock. The doctor gave him sleeping pills.
On January 8 Dr. Kajanoja prescribed a sedative for Heinonen;
however, his symptoms continued. His limbs were sore and he had
problems with balance. He felt cold, but had no fever. On January 14
he went to the doctor for the third time and was given medicine for
blood circulation. Still his symptoms continued, and he was too sick
to work. As of April, three months after the sighting, his arm was
painful and his back hurt. He felt as if warm water was churning in
his stomach. He had poor memory, and his balance problems continued. His ears hurt and he now had constant headaches. His eyes were
highly sensitive to light, and his eyelids were swollen. He was having
bad dreams about the object descending toward him.
Viljo had no immediate reaction after the sighting. An hour later
his face was swollen and reddish, and he had poor balance. Dr. Kajanoja prescribed sleeping pills for him, as well. The next morning he
continued to have balance problems and had a feeling of lightness, especially in his legs. His hands and chest became red. On january 9 Dr.
Kajanoja gave him sedatives. He had a headache that persisted for a
couple of days. On january 12 he visited an eye specialist in Lahtis because of pain and swelling in his eyes, for which he received eyedrops.
Dr. Kajanoja told an investigator, "I think the men have suffered a
great shock. . . . The symptoms he [Heinonen] described are like
those after being exposed to radioactivity."
In a follow-up investigation 10 years later it was learned that
Heinonen had several other sightings and humanoid encounters, including messages about the environment. ..
UFO Occupant Sightings during 1973 Sighting Wave
During the 1973 sighting wave, concentrated late in the year, occupant sightings and confrontational encounters were numerous (see
also section Vlll). A number of robot-like or nonhumanoid beings
were sighted during this wave, but the "standard" features prevailed,
as shown in table 4.
TABLE -4. UFO OCCUPANT SIGHTINGS, 1973
Date/Identification
September 27, 1973
Bedarrides, France
5:30P.M.
Description
Two 1.2-meter humanoids, slender limbs, black
caps, coveralls, with oval craft; UFO took off
with whistling sound, sped away'
Alien-Human Encounters
Date/Identification
October 4, 1973
Gary Chopic,
Chatsworth, CA
early evening
October 6, 1973
St. Mathias,
Quebec, Canada
early A.M.
October 11, 1973
Hickson &: Parker,
Pascagoula, MS
evening
October 12, 1973
Cincinnati, OH
2:30A.M.
October 17, 1973
Paul Brown,
Danielsville, GA
evening
October 17, 1973
Eupora, MS
night
October 19, 1973
Ashburn, GA
3:30P.M.
October 19, 1973
Goshen, OH
9:00P.M.
October 19, 1973
Copeland, N C
October 22, 1973
Hartford City, IN
487
Description
One human-size being, silver suit, elliptical craft
with clear dome; saw witness, entered craft and
took off (see case summary below)
Five small beings, yellow garb, headgear, moved
quickly back and forth near dome-shaped craft
with body lights'
Two robot-like beings, abduction case (see
section Xlll)
One "apelike" being, featureless, large waist, no
neck, visible in dome-shaped object on or near
the ground'
Two 4- 4'1>-ft.-tall beings, silver garb, emerged
from silver egg-shaped craft that descended
ahead of car; took off with "whooshing" sound
when witness brandished a pistol'
One grotesque nonhumanoid creature, flipperlike feet, webbing between legs, appeared from
top of dome-shaped object with blue-green flashing lights that landed on road, E-M effects on
car'
One small being, round helmet, head moved like
robot, E-M effects on car; no craft observed
Two or three 6-ft.-tall human-like beings moved
around a domed disc resting on tripod legs,
entered via ladder, took off with humming
sound'
One 3-ft.-tall humanoid, gold garb, with blue
oval object hovering near mobile home; family
dog frightened, ran away until next day"
Two 4-ft.-tall humanoids, silver garb, seen alongside road three separate times; no UFO seen
488
Date/Identification
October 23, 1973
Russell Springs, KY
October 24, 1973
David Simpson,
Dobson, NC
October 28, 1973
Llanca,
Bahia Blanca,
Argentina
CASE SUMMARY
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Two 3-ft.-tall beings, reddish color, entered craft
(no description), which took offl0
One humanoid, glowing eyes, from oval UFO
that landed near car, E-M effects on car11
Three 5-ft.-tall beings, high foreheads, slanted
eyes, gray coveralls, from yellow saucer-shaped
craft; abduction case (see section Xlll)
October 4, 1973: Chatsworth, CA. Early evening. Gary]. Chopic, a
petroleum dealers' consultant, driving home on Simi Valley Freeway
saw a blimp like object just above the crest of mountain peaks in Santa
Susana Pass. As he drove closer, he saw an elliptical object with a clear
bubble dome on top 80-100 feet (24-30 m) away down in a canyon,
hovering about 10 feet (3 m) off the ground, swaying back and forth
"like a boat at anchor." A V-like insignia or aperture covered one entire side. A hoselike protrusion about 8 feet (2.5 m) long and 1 foot
(30 em) in diameter extended from the bottom.
Chopic saw some motion inside the bubble, and a humanoid being
appeared around the side of the craft, saw him, scrambled back to the
other side, and reentered the craft. A clicking sound was heard, the
bubble rotated and retracted. A foglike vapor enveloped the entire
craft, and Chopic noticed a sweet odor as the craft took off with a
whining or low humming sound and disappeared. 12
Occupant Reports since 1973
After the fall 1973 wave, sightings continued in Europe-especially
southern Europe-into the summer of 1974. It is possible that because
of incomplete news reporting, the full extent of the wave that began in
1973 went unrecognized (see section VIII). Occupant sightings continued at a fairly high rate throughout the mid- and late 1970s.
The major wave of 1978 produced an unusual number of detailed
cases with many intriguing features. Noticeable trends included beings descending from craft on ladders or light beams, beings gathering soil and plant samples, and occasional aggressive confrontations
with humans that sometimes resulted in injury or illness. The geo-
graphical diversity of the sightings is noteworthy: reports came from
at least 10 countries on 5 continents.
After 1979, occupant reports seemed to decline. Perhaps more than
coincidentally, an upsurge of abduction cases was occurring in the
1970s just as "old-fashioned" occupant sightings-beings seen in or
outside their craft on the ground-seemed to take on a more aggressive character and, then, in the 1980s, apparently became rare and abduction cases proliferated instead (see section XIII). Sightings during
this period are included in table 5.
TABLE 5. UFO OCCUPANT SIGHTINGS, 1974-1989
Date/Identification
January 7, 1974
Warneton, Belgium
8:40P.M.
March 21, 1974
Valdehijaderos,
Salamanca, Spain
2:30A.M.
March 21, 1974
Valdehijaderos,
Salamanca, Spain
11:15 P.M.
April16, 1974
Mauro Bellingeri,
Casale Monferrato, Italy
12:50 A.M.
May 7, 1974
Coatsville, PA
9:00P.M.
June 14, 1974
Medellin, Spain
4:30A.M.
June 25, 1974
St. Cyrille de Wendover,
Quebec, Canada
1:15 A.M.
Description
Two humanoids, headgear, approached car from
helmet-shaped disc (see case summary below)
Two 6-ft.-tall beings, tight-fitting shiny coveralls,
seen after E-M effects on car; beings entered
luminous craft and took off'
Two to four beings with disclike craft seen on
road, E-M effects on car; beings gestured and
moved toward witness, who fled'
Three beings with globe-shaped headgear
visible within upper portion of disc with central
ring and rotating lights (see Dyad cases above)
Three small beings, gray skin, clawed hands
descended from disc-shaped craft with four
legs atop hospital, made squeaky vocal sounds,
saw witness, reentered craft and took off'
Three tall beings with helmets visible in turret
of "pot-shaped" craft hovering over farmhouse,
area illuminated "like day"'
Fifteen 6-ft.-tall robot-like beings, red lights on
chests, floated from hovering domed disc with
body lights; physical traces found at site
490
Date/Identification
September 29, 1974
Mme. Le Bihan,
Riec-sur-Belon,
Finistere, France
12:45 A.M.
January 12, 1975
George O'Barski,
North Bergen, NJ
2:00A.M.
February 14, 1975
Antoine Severin,
Petite-He,
Reunion, France
1:30 P.M.
May 3, 1975
Alois Olenick,
San Antonio, TX
9:15P.M.
July 31, 1975
Danie van Graan,
Loxton, South Africa
7:30A.M.
October 7, 1975
Utterson, Ontario,
Canada
8:30P.M.
November 7, 1975
Catskill Park, NY
1:00 A.M.
February 3, 1977
Seven Mile Beach,
Tasmania
9:30P.M.

Description
Three 1. 7 -meter-tall stocky humanoids, round
heads, silver garb, from brilliantly lighted domeshaped object with portholes, swaying back and
forth near ground; beings walked heavily,
rocking back and forth'
Eight to ten 3\1-ft.-tall beings with dark garb,
helmets, emerged from underside of low
hovering disc with lighted windows, took
samples from ground
Four 1- to 1.2-meter-tall beings, metallic white
garb, helmets, from domed disc with portholes,
directed light beam at witness, who felt a force
pulling him, later had headaches and impaired
vision; beings poked in ground as if gathering
samples'
Two small humanoids, grayish skin, visible in
dome of Saturn-shaped craft (see Dyad cases
above)
Four 1- to 1.5-meter-tall beings, thin, slanted
eyes, light coveralls, hoods, visible inside silver
oval with legs; light beam struck witness in face,
physiological effects (see case summary below)
One small, stocky humanoid, round helmet,
from metallic ellipse on road; UFO took off
as car approached, being beside road vaulted
fence and fled"
Four beings with dark eyes, diagonal marks
on side of head, surrounded campers, reacted
to light, faintly luminous structured craft seen;
possible abduction9
One slender humanoid, large round head,
seen in window of a dome-shaped, spinning
craft with flashing lights10
Date/Identification
February 24, 1977
Rudi Grutsch,
Langenargen,
Lake Constance
Germany
2:30A.M.
july 12, 1977
A. Ordonez,
Quebradillas,
Puerto Rico
8:30P.M.
january 10, 1978
Tom Gould,
South Middleton, MA
2:30P.M.
February 3, 1978
janine Horne,
Seven Mile Beach
Tasmania
9:30P.M.
February 4, 1978
Manuel Alvarez,
La Florida,
San Luis, Argentina
4:30A.M.
September 1, 1978
Llanerchymedd,
Anglesey, Wales
8:15P.M.
September 17, 1978
Riccardo Boscagli,
Torrita di Siena, Italy
9:00P.M.
September 18, 1978
G. Filiputti, Melaria,
Porto Nogaro, Italy
3:30P.M.
Description
Two 1.1- to 1.3-meter-tall humanoids, round
heads, slanted eyes, long arms, with hovering
elliptical UFOs, bright illumination of area (see
case summary below)
One 3'h-ft.-tall being, green garb, helmet, backpack, four fingers on hands, seen from balcony,
no craft seen; being fled when lights turned on,
floating upward"
One 4'h-ft.-tall, stocky humanoid, three fingers
on hands, with egg-shaped UFO; being stood
90 feet away looking at witness"
One thin being with large rounded head, moving
back and forth in window of disc with dome,
flashing body lights, whining sound heard"
One human-size being, helmet, luminous garb,
descended on ladder from hovering disc, waved
at fishermen, reentered craft, which took off at
high speed
Three 6-ft.-tall beings, grayish garb, helmets,
from white egg-shaped object that illuminated
trees brightly, dogs barked furiously, cows fled,
depressed circle and swathed path found at site"
Two small humanoids, green garb, helmets,
floated from domed disc on road, circled car,
E-M effects (see case summary below)
One 1-meter-tall humanoid, silver tight-fitting
coveralls, almond eyes, emerged from disc with
dome, appeared to be making repairs on rim
(see case summary below)
492
Date/Identification
October 2, 1978
Groendal Nature
Reserve,
South Africa
11:15 A.M.
October 8, 1978
Deanne Kearns,
Ord, NE
2:00A.M.
November 24, 1978
Angelo D'Ambros,
Gallio, Vicenza,
Italy
11:45 A.M.
january 3/4, 1979
Meagan Quezet,
Mindalore,
South Africa
midnight
August 4, 1979
Canoga Park, CA
10:35 P.M.
November 19, 1982
Temperanceville, VA
11:10 P.M.
january 9, 1987
jozsa, Hungary
2:30A.M.
September 1, 1987
Bangor, WA
10:55 P.M.
September 21-27, 1989
Voronezh, Russia
6:30P.M.
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
Description
Three silver-suited beings seen moving with odd
gait, traversing hillside in terrain with heavy
growth, no craft seen; search found 6 x 18 m
oval depression, plus a number of smaller
imprints16
Two 5- to 6-ft.-tall beings descended in light
beam from hovering UFO shaped like one plate
inverted on top of another, loud buzzing sound;
beings collected earth and plant samples17
Two 3~- to 4-ft.-tall grotesque beings, yellow
skin, prominent veins, huge ears, fanglike teeth,
from disc with dome, moved jerkily, seized
pruning knife from witness, who felt an electric
shock during struggle18
Five or six 1.5-meter-tall beings, human appearing, white coveralls, emerged from truncated
egg-shaped craft, high-pitched vocal sounds,
reentered and took off with buzzing sound (see
case summary below)
Two humanoid beings, large heads, seen inside
dome of luminous disc (see Dyad cases above)
Three humanoid beings seen moving around
inside hovering silvery disc, light beam to
ground; UFO rose and moved over car with
buzzing sound19
Two beings in dark garb seen, one outside lowhovering disc with central row of windows, one
in lighted doorway20
Two humanoids visible inside hovering round
object that moved over children, beamed light
onto them21
Various roughly humanoid, sometimes robotlike beings, complex series of sightings and
occupant encounters"
CASE SUMMARIES, 1974-1989
january 7, 1974: Warneton, Belgium. 8:40 P.M. A motorist driving
along the Belgian-French frontier experienced failure of his engine,
lights, and radio, then saw an object shaped like a World War I British
helmet in a field about 150 meters (500 feet) away resting on three
legs. The UFO was about 7-10 meters (25-35 feet) in diameter. Portions of its surface glowed orange, and a white light was visible underneath.
Two beings were seen coming from the object, walking slowly and
stiffly toward the car. The shorter one (1.2 meters/4 feet tall) had horizontal rings around its torso and a round helmet with circular faceplate. Its head was pear-shaped, gray, hairless, with round eyes, rudimentary nose, and a slitlike mouth. In its hand was a short thick
ruler-like object with a pointed tip, aimed at the car.
The taller being wore a cubical helmet transparent in front, and its
head looked identical to the other being. Under its chin was a rectangular box. The clothing was dull metallic gray coveralls with gloves
and boots. On its waist was a black belt with a luminous disc in front
and a diagonal strap from shoulder to belt. On each side of its chest
was a row of "buttons." Both beings had long arms. The interiors of
their helmets were illuminated. A third being remained near the craft
as if standing guard.
The two beings approached to within 4 meters (13 feet) of the car,
and the taller one opened and closed his mouth. The witness felt a
slight shock at the back of his head and heard a low-pitched, modulated sound. The two beings suddenly wheeled around and walked
swiftly back to the craft, which now pulsated an electric blue color.
They boarded, the tripod legs withdrew as the craft rose slightly, hovered, then ascended rapidly at a 60-degree angle and disappeared. 23
july 31, 1975: Loxton, South Africa. 7:30A.M. Danie van Graan, 66,
a farmer went to inspect his sheep enclosure and saw a silvery oval object with pronglike legs. He approached within 4 meters (about 15
feet). Through a large window he could see four people, one standing
near a panel of flashing colored lights, the other three apparently examining some device. The beings were about 1.5 meters (5 feet) tall,
thin and pale, and wore whitish coveralls with hoods hanging down
around their necks. They had fair-colored hair, slanted eyes, and sharp
pointed chins.
The beings became aware of his presence, suddenly looking up in
unison as if he had triggered a warning system. Van Graan heard a
"tick" sound, and a light beam hit him in the face. He felt ill and confused and tried to avoid the light beam. His nose bled and he vomited.
A humming increased to a loud whine, and the object took off at
sharp angle.
Later investigation at the site revealed four marks on the outside
perimeter of a circle 9 meters (30 feet) in diameter impressed in the
ground with crisscrossed central markings. The four outside imprints
apparently corresponded to four legs. A deposit of small green granules found close to the center was analyzed, and found to be carbon
dust, grit, and feldspathic shale, with smaller portions of feldspar
thaumasite. The last is a water-retaining carbonate-silicos-sulphate of
calcium of no known economic value. The substance was not common to the local geology, and its presence was not explainable. Nothing would grow in the affected area. 24
February 24, 1977: Langenargen, Lake Constance, Germany.
2:10A.M. Rudi Grutsch, 52, restaurant manager, and Lothar Schafler,
27, electrician and telecommunications railway employee, heard a
shrill noise and saw brilliant blue-white searchlight beams as two objects hovered overhead. Grutsch confirmed the event, saying, "The
parking lot in front of my bar was lit up as bright as day by the glaring light." Five others confirmed seeing and hearing the two objects,
which were elliptical with four portholes.
Schafler took Grutsch home at about 2:30A.M. and started to leave.
From indoors Grutsch had a second sighting of apparently the same
objects, illuminating the neighborhood brightly. On both occasions
the two objects seemed to merge into one, appearing as a large ball of
light. Grutsch felt paralyzed as he approached a window to look out.
Schafler was still there, running for cover and trying to hide from the
objects behind bushes. After a while Grutsch was able to move again,
but he was shaking with fear.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Grutsch was awakened by the noise Schafler was
making outdoors, thinking it was a burglar trying to break into the
house. Her next-door neighbor, Mrs. Burkhart, yelled that she
thought a burglar was trying to break in, so Mrs. Grutsch called the
police station. About that time her agitated husband came in whispering about the shocking experience he had just had.
Outside, the objects had disappeared, and Schafler was about to
climb into his car. Suddenly a brilliant light of enormous size flared
up close to him, and fear overwhelmed him again. He ran around
Grutsch's house trying to find an open door, but they were all locked.
As he tried to hide in the bushes, two beings suddenly appeared,
about 1.1 and 1.3 meters (3.5 and 4 feet) tall, respectively. They
looked human, except that their arms were very long and reached almost to their knees. They also appeared to have oddly cramped fin-
gers. Their skin color was light, and they had round hairless heads
and clearly defined mouths, but no ears, noses, or necks were visible.
The beings rocked their bodies back and forth. Their small slanted
eyes stared at Schafler unflinchingly, and he felt paralyzed with fear.
The larger being was standing about 1 meter 0+ feet) away. Their
only clothing appeared to be frilly neckpieces reminiscent of harlequins.
"I stared at them, and they stared at me, and then I simply went
nuts," Schafler told the investigators. Even though the beings made
no menacing moves, he went into a state of panic, throwing himself
against the locked door of the house and crying for help. In desperation he smashed a pane of glass in the door of the Burkhart house next
door and unlocked it from the inside, then fell on the hallway floor.
By the time the Burkharts arrived, the beings and the lights were gone,
and they found Schafler-a total stranger-lying in their hallway with
his hand bleeding and calling out in dialect about beings flying
around in the sky. They thought he was either drunk or mentally unbalanced.
The police arrived within a few minutes, but did not think the incident was a burglary attempt. They took Schafler to the hospital
around 4:00A.M., where the cuts on his hand were bandaged. They
thought he might be having alcoholic hallucinations, but a blood test
disproved that. Schafler finally arrived home about 6:00 A.M. Several
additional witnesses were found over the next few days; two were interviewed personally and one on the telephone. Their reports confirmed that unidentified objects had been sighted in and around Langenargen.
For several weeks Schafler suffered from insomnia and nightmares.
Due to anxiety he left a light on all night. Once he broke out in a
heavy sweat. Two weeks later he developed a stomach ulcer. He was
also puzzled and confused by a time discrepancy. Grutsch also was
confused and nervous for a few days, and his story contradicted
Schafler's in some respects. Because he may have been inebriated, he
was considered a less reliable witness than Schafler. 25
September 17, 1978: Torrita di Siena, Italy. 8:15 P.M. Ultimina
Boscagli and her son, Riccardo, 12, heard an explosive sound and saw
a yellow-orange sphere with a reddish trail descending. The house
lights blacked out, and the object vanished. Santina Faralli was watching television, heard the sound, and saw the bright light; the house
lights went out, then came back on. Her son, Rivo, 25, a barber, arrived home shortly afterward. He left at about 9:00P.M. in his Fiat 127,
but after a few meters he experienced engine and light failure.
~ - - . - ,_ . . ' - .- - - ~- ...... --
September 17, 1978: Torrita di Sienna, Italy
Humanoids floated from craft, inspected car.
. . .
An orange domed disc about 3 meters (10 feet) in diameter emitting a red light beam appeared ahead of his car, its light illuminating
the area. It appeared to be standing on the road supported by three
iridescent light beams varying in color from yellow to green to red to
blue. Two small humanoids with green protective clothing, helmets,
and antenna appeared from an opening, floated toward his car, and
seemed to examine it, circling around it with an awkward gait. They
then returned to the object, the port closed, and two very intense light
beams came from the underside. The object rose about 10 meters (30
feet), then shot away horizontally leaving a bright trail.
The headlights of the Fiat came back on automatically and the car,
still in gear, began moving forward. For three days afterward Rivo experienced burning eyes. Three scorched circles were found on the
road apparently corresponding to the three light beams. Laboratory
analysis was conducted on the physical traces, but results were inconclusive. 26
September 18, 1978: Melaria, Porto Nogaro district, Italy. 3:30P.M.
Giorgio Filiputti, 4 7, railway employee, was fishing in the Como River
when he heard a whistling sound, saw rustling vegetation, and felt air
movement. Climbing up the riverbank to investigate, he saw a 4- to
5-meter (13-16 feet) in diameter disc-shaped object with a dome on
top and legs, resting on a mudflat about 20 meters (65 feet) away. The
legs appeared to be telescopic, terminating in flat pads. No windows
or portholes were visible. The object was brassy or yellowish metallic,
reflecting sunlight.
A figure just over 1 meter (3+ feet) tall appeared from behind the
dome walking around on the rim. It wore tight-fitting coveralls of silvery material "which flashed and sparkled vividly in the sunlight."
The single piece garment "looked as though fashioned entirely of fishscales." The being wore boots, had two containers at waist level and
white gloves on its hands. It had a dark bronze face with almondshaped eyes and large pupils.
Filiputti was shocked and frightened. The being stared at him as if
surprised. After a few minutes the being continued walking, stooped
down and appeared to be working on a horseshoe-shaped protrusion
at the base of the dome, but kept watching Filiputti. Finally, it continued on around the rim and disappeared behind the dome. Filiputti
heard a loud rumbling noise "like a deafening clap of thunder" and
a piercing whistle from beneath the craft, which began to rise vertically.
As it went straight up, slowly, the landing gear was withdrawn. The
underside was hemispherical, and the surface looked like a grating
with crossed bars, like a patterned grid. A bluish glow like a tongue
of flame was emitted from the underside, the same color as burning
kitchen gas.
When the craft reached an altitude of about 10 meters (33 feet), it
turned on edge and "went off towards the southwest at a tremendous
speed," totally out of sight in a few seconds. Total duration of the
january 3, 1979: Mindalore, South Africa
Capsule- or cone-shaped craft carrying humanoids.
sighting was about six minutes. Filiputti found three circular imprints
about 50 em (20 in.) in diameter at the site in the dry mud and sand. 27
january 3, 1979: Mindalore, South Africa. Midnight. Meagan
Quezet, in her 30s, and her 12-year-old son heard dogs barking and
went outdoors to search for the family dog. They saw a gray, vertically
oriented egg-shaped craft on the ground, resting on four legs. Near it
were 5 or 6 human-looking beings about 5 feet (1.5 meters) tall. One
who appeared to be the "leader" was wearing white coveralls.
Meagan and her son approached to investigate, and the betngs
spoke to them in an unintelligible language. Then they reentered the
craft, which took off with a buzzing sound, hovered, then shot up into
the sky. Meagan and her son then went home.
Later, under hypnosis, she recalled going on board briefly, and seeing chairs, a table, lights, and panels. The beings, speaking in English,
urged her to go with them and told her where they came from. She declined their offer and quickly exited. Since the visit on-board was not
consciously recalled, it may have been either confabulation or a distorted memory of an abduction. 28

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
(Note: References cited here from the subsections on occupant reports refer to the
bibliography at the end of this section, Bibliography: UFO Occupant Cases.)
Introduction
1. Bloecher (1967); Aldrich (1997).
Vehicle Encounters
l. U.EO. Investigator (November-December 1965): 2; Chesterville Record,
july 22, 1965.
2. Houston (TX) Tribune, February 23, 1967.
3. Fowler (1974), 348; report in NICAP files.
4. Melbourne Sun, December 13, 1968.
5. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Oune 1980): Case #19-80.
6. MUFON UFO journal (April1990): 15.
7. Keyhoe and Lore (l969b), 5-6.
8. Salisbury (1974), 55-61.
9. MUFON UFO journal Oanuary 1988): 20; Vennillion Plain Talk, january 25, 1968.
10. Tarheel UFO Study Group Newsletter Ouly 1980): Case #21-80.
11. MUFON UFO journal Quly 1992): 19; MUFON Log# 101391C.
12. El Sureno, Bahia Blanca, Brazil, july 12, 1965; Flying Saucer Review Case Histories, Supplement 12 (December 1972): 11; (1976), 14.
13. Syracuse (NY) Herald-journal, December 21, 1967; case investigated by Ted
Bloecher and]. E. McDonald.
14. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 46--47; Case 180.
15. York (PA) Dispatch, April 3, 1978.
16. Subcommittee Report in NICAP files.
17. Ballester Olmos (1976b), 37; Case 155.
18. MUFON UFO journal (February 1987): 14-15.
19. Clark (1990), 21.
20. Hall (1988), 276-78; Skylook (March 1975): 3-7.
21. Hall (1988), 295-96; Buenos Aires Cronica, August 30-September 2, 1978.
22. Hall (1988), 303-04; MUFON UFO journal (August 1980): 6.
Dyad "Scout" Craft
1. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 19; Hall (1964), 182.
2. APRO Bulletin (September-October 1967): 10; Gillmor (1969), 376-78; Case
38.
3. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 29-30.
4. Victoria (B.C., Canada )Times, january 5, 1970; Story (1980), 92-93.
5. Transcript of tape-recorded interview by Renzo Cabassi, Comitato Nazionale
Indipendente Per Lo Studio Dei Fenomeni Aerei Anomali, Bologna, Italy; Inforespace No. 21, Brussels, Belgium Qune 1975): 20-22. (Note: Casale Monferrato is a
rich agricultural area and prosperous industrial zone. Sr. Cabassi reports that it is
also an important seat of military garrisons, and 30 km [18 miles] away at Mortara is a military air command center, which, in 1973, was involved in a radar-visual UFO sighting. The UFO sighted by the Bellingeris departed in the direction
of Mortara.)
6. Skylook (February 1976): 3-4; San Antonio (TX) Evening News, February 20,
1978 (sketch and good detail in retrospective interview by Mike Ullmann).
7. Flying Saucer Review 24(2) (1978): 6-8; Investigator: Leslie Harris.
8. MUFON UFO journal (December 1981): 15; Canoga Park (CA) Chronicle,
August 16, 1979.
UFO Occupant Sightings, 1954-1963
1. Michel (1958).
2. Davis and Bloecher (1978).
3. Mebane (1958); Hall (1964).
4. Michel (1958), 40-44.
5. Ibid., 44-47.
6. Ibid., 58-60.
7. Ibid., 82-84.
8. Ibid., 90-92.
9. Ibid., 118-19.
10. Ibid., 130.
11. Ibid., 153.
12. Ibid., 153-54.
13. Ibid., 158.
14. Ibid., 159-60.
15. Ibid., 184-85.
16. Ibid., 197-98.
17. Bowen (1969), 93-94.
18. Ibid., 94-95.
19. Davis and Bloecher (1978), 138-48; Stringfield (1957), 66-68.
20. Davis and Bloecher (1978), 149-60; Stringfield (1957), 63-65.
21. Davis and Bloecher (1978), 1-120.
22. Michel (1958), 211-12.
23. Ibid., 271-72; Knoxville (TN) News-Sentinel, November 6, 1957.
24. Michel (1958), 273-74; Milford (NJ) Delaware Valley News, November 15,
1957.
25. Michel (1958), 272-73; Meridian Star, November 7, 1957; jackson State
Times, November 8, 1957.
26. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 27-28; Bowen (1969), 157-58.
27. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 28-29; Hall (1980), 149-51.
UFO Occupant Sightings, 1964-1967
l. Walter Webb (1980a).
2. Keyhoe and Lore (1969b), 17-23; Hynek (1977), 210-12.
3. Ted Bloecher reports, Skylook Ouly 1975): 3-12; Flying Saucer Review, Part I,
20(2) (1974): 21-26; Part II, 20(3) (1974): 24-27.
4. Bowen (1969), 120.
5. Ibid., 121-22.
6. Air Force unidentified case, Project Blue Book files, National Archives; Bowen
(1969), 175-76.
7. U.F.O. Investigator, IV(l) (1967): 6.
8. Report in NICAP files.
9. Keyhoe and Lore (1969a), 30-31; (1969b), 28-29.
10. Rodeghier (1981), 34.
11. APRO Bulletin (November-December 1967): 4; report in NICAP files.
12. Flying Saucer Review (November-December 1967): 31.
13. Subcommittee report in NICAP files.
14. APRO Bulletin Ouly-August 1967): 7; Rochester (NY) Democrat & Chronicle,
August 3, 1967.
15. APRO Bulletin (September-October 1967): 12.
16. Ibid., 8.
17. Report in NICAP files; Gillmor (1969), 347.
18. Ballester-Olmos (1976b), 12.
19. APRO Bulletin, November-December 1967, p. 3.
20. W Webb (1980b).
21. Hall (1988), 57-59.
22. Lemaitre (1969).
23. Story (1980), 377; Clark (1996), 534-37; Kim Hansen, in Evans (1987),
66-69; Flying Saucer Review (September-October 1965): 9-11, (NovemberDecember 1965): S-9; Vallee (1990), 107-11.
24. Kingston (Ontario) Whig-Standard, August 24, 1967; August 28, 1967; MUFON UFO Journal (August 1987): 19.
25. APRO Bulletin (September-October 1967): 13; MUFON UFO Journal (August
1987): 19-20; Frola (1990), 90.
26. NICAP investigation report by C. Reed Hicks; Keyhoe and Lore (1969a),
31-32; (1969b), 23-27.
27. NICAP investigation report by C. Reed Hicks.
Between Waves, 1968-1972
l. Flying Saucer Review Oanuary-February 1969): 2-3, 24.
2. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 30-31.
3. Frola (1990), 119.
4. Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1970): 31-32; Flying Saucer Review
(September-October 1970): 14-18, Investigator: Sven-Olof Frederickson. See also
Evans (1987), 75-79; Anders Liljegren, "The Continuing Story of the lmjarvi
Skiers" Part 1, Flying Saucer Review, 26(3) (1980): 15-17, 26(5) (1981): 18-20.
UFO Occupant Sightings during 1973 Sighting Wave
l. MUFON UFO Journal (September 1977): 4-5.
2. APRO Bulletin (September-October 1974): l.
3. Skylook (February 1975): 3-4.
4. D. Webb (l976a), 14.
5. D. Webb (l976a), 14; Columbus (MS) Triangle Advertiser, October 24, 1973.
6. D. Webb (1976a), 15.
7. Bloecher (1975), 75; D. Webb (1976a), 15.
8. Mount Airy (NC) News, November 30, 1973.
9. D. Webb (1976a), 16; Hartford City (IN) News Times, October 23, 1973.
10. D. Webb (l976a), 17; Russell Springs (KY) Times Journal, October 24, 1973.
11. D. Webb (1976a), 17.
12. Simi Valley (CA) Enterprise Sun & News, October 12, 1973; D. Webb (l976a),
11.
Occupant Reports since 1973
1. Ballester Olmos (l976b), 44-45; Bloecher (1975), 55-56.
2. Bloecher (1975), 56.
3. Skylook (September 1974): 14; Bloecher (1975), 58-59.
4. Skylook (November 1974): 10-11; Bloecher (1975), 59.
5. MUFON UFO journal Qune 1978): 8-11.
6. Bloecher (1976).
7. Flying Saucer Review 25(2) (1979): 6-10, 25(3) (1979): 7-10, from Lumieres
dans Ia Nuit, No. 147 (August-September 1975); MUFON UFO journal (September 1976): 12.
8. Skylook (October 1975): 3-4; Investigator: Henry McKay.
9. MUFON UFO journal Quly 1979): 10-12.
10. Basterfield (1978), 2.
11. MUFON UFO journal (March 1978): 3-4.
12. MUFON UFO journal Qanuary 1980): 7-10.
13. Frola (1990), 169-70.
14. Buenos Aires (Argentina) Herald, February 16, 1978.
15. Story (1980), 211, by Jenny Randles; Flying Saucer Review 25(5) (1979),
16-23. (Investigators: Martin Keatman and Derek James).
16. Hind (1982), 138-52.
17. Grand Island (NE) Independent, October 18, 1978; Ord (NE) Quiz, October
12, 1978.
18. International UFO Reporter (May-June 1983): 8-11 (Investigator: Antonio
Chiumiento).
19. MUFON UFO journal (October 1983): 16.
20. International UFO Reporter (March-Apri\1989): 15-16; Flying Saucer Review
17(6) cited in Rodeghier (1981), 52.
21. International UFO Reporter Quly-August 1989): 4-6.
22. Vallee (1992), 40-61.
23. Bloecher (1975), 53-54.
24. Hind (1981), 89-91; Hind (1982), 1-20.
25. Von Ludwiger et al. (1977).
26. Flying Saucer Review 25(4) (1979): 3-6 (Investigator: Dr. Roberto Pinotti).
27. Flying Saucer Review, 28(5) (1983): 3-8 (Investigator: Antonio Chiumiento).
28. Hind (1982), 172-98; Hind (1987), 42-43; MUFON UFO journal
(March-Apri\1979): 3-8; (October 1979): 5-7.
Bibliography: UFO Occupant Cases
Ballester Olmos, Vicente-Juan. "Biometric Data in 19 UFO Occupant
Cases." Flying Saucer Review (May-June 1973): 19-26, with tables
and figures.
---. A Catalogue of 200 Type-I UFO Events in Spain and Portugal.
Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1976.
Basterfield, Keith. A Summary of Australian Close Encounters Reported
During 1977. UFO Research (S.A.), Inc., Prospect, South Australia,
April1978.
---. A Short Summary of Australasian Entity Reports for 1978. UFO
Research (S.A.), Inc., Prospect, South Australia, 1979.
Bloecher, Ted. "A Catalog of Humanoid Reports for 1974" (and Supplement to 1973 Humanoid Cases) in MUFON 1975 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1975, 51-75.
---. The Stonehenge Incidents-January 1975, Case Report, April
25, 1976.
---."A Survey of CE3K Reports for 1977" in 1978 MUFON UFO
Symposium Proceedings, Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1978,
14-50.
---. "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" in Encyclopedia of
UFOs, edited by Ronald D. Story. New York: Doubleday, 1980,
75-76.
---. "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" in Proceedings of the
First International UFO Congress, edited by Curtis G. Fuller. New
York: Warner Books, 1980, 171-82.
Blum, Ralph. Beyond Earth: Mans Contact with UFOs. New York: Bantam Books, 1974.
Bowen, Charles, ed. The Humanoids: A Survey of Worldwide Reports of
Landings of Unconventional Aerial Objects and Their Occupants.
Chicago: Henry Regnery, 1969.
Creighton, Gordon. "The 'Humanoids' in Latin America" in The Humanoids. London: Flying Saucer Review Special Number, August
1967, 30-46.
Davis, Isabel, and Ted Bloecher. Close Encounter at Kelly and Others of
1955. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1978.
Fuller, Curtis G., ed. Proceedings of the First International UFO Congress. New York: Warner Books, 1980. "Part Four: Encounters with
UFO Beings," 171-257.
Haines, Richard F. Melbourne Episode: Case Study of a Missing Pilot.
Los Altos, CA: L.D.A. Press, 1987.
Hall, Richard. "The November 1957 'Flap' Chronology" in The UFO
Evidence. Washington: NICAP, 1964, 163-68.
---."Gill Sighting." in Encyclopedia ofUFOs, edited by Ronald D.
Story. New York: Doubleday, 1980, 149-51.
---. "Socorro (New Mexico) Landing" in Encyclopedia of UFOs,
edited by Ronald D. Story. New York: Doubleday, 1980, 341-44.
Hind, Cynthia. "African Encounters: Case Investigations" in MUFON
1981 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1981, 80-91.
---. "History and Cultural Interpretation of UFOs in Southern
Africa 1947-1987'' in MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium
Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 40-50.
Huneeus, ]. Antonio. "Historical Survey of UFO Cases in Chile" in
MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 181-219.
Lemaitre, jacques [pseudonym of Pierre Guerin]. "A Plan for Valensole." Flying Saucer Review Ouly-August 1969): 8-12.
"Letter from Paris," The New Yorker, October 23, 1954.
Lorenzen, Coral and Jim. Encounters with UFO Occupants. New York:
Berkley Medallion Books, 1976.
---. "The Entities in Europe" in Encounters with UFO Occupants.
New York: Berkley Medallion Books, 1976, 115-42.
Mebane, Alexander D. "The 1957 Saucer Wave in the United States"
in Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery. New York: Criterion, 1958, 233-77.
Michel, Aime. Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery. New York:
Criterion, 1958.
Pinotti, Roberto. "The Italian Scene, 1947-1987: A Roundup" in MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 14-38.
Story, Ronald D. "Cisco Grove (California) Encounter" in Encyclopedia of UFOs, edited by Ronald D. Story. New York: Doubleday,
1980, 73-74.
von Ludwiger, Illo Brand, and Adolf Schneider. "Brilliantly Shining
Object and Strange Figures in Langenargen: CEI/CEIII Case." Investigation report. Feldkirchen-Westerham, Germany: MUFONCES, 1977.
Webb, David. 1973-Year of the Humanoids. (l976a) Chicago: Center
for UFO Studies, 1976.
---. "Analysis of Humanoid Reports" (1976b) in 1976 MUFON
Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1976,
30-35.
Webb, Walter N. "Conklin (New York) Incident" (1980a) in Encyclopedia of UFOs, edited by Ronald D. Story. New York: Doubleday,
1980, 86-87.
---. "Newark Valley (New York) Incident" (l980b) in Encyclopedia of UFOs, edited by Ronald D. Story. New York: Doubleday,
1980, 246-49.

============================================================
SECTION XIII. The Abduction Phenomenon

Alleged abduction of human beings by apparent alien beings,
widely reported by citizens worldwide, is an extremely perplexing problem. Dr.J. Allen Hynek's concept of "high strangeness" characterizes some of the more extraordinary features of competently investigated, credible UFO reports.' Abduction reports tend to push the
limits of "credible strangeness" and come very close to "incredible absurdity," but their consistency and persistence force us to suspend
judgment. The reports are simply too widespread, they come from
people who-by all conventional measures-are psychologically normal, and no simple explanation for them is apparent.
On the face of it, the supposed aliens appear to have almost magical powers. Or are we seeing an advanced science and technology beyond our current understanding that only appears magical to us? The
reported motions of UFOs, especially sharp, noninertial turns and
"instant relocation" from one point to another, already defy our
understanding of the behavior of solid objects.
The ability to be levitated and to pass through solid matter has also
been reported by abductees, a scenario clearly beyond our scientific
understanding. The temptation is strong to dismiss such reports as
imagination, fantasy, even mental illness, since such things "obviously" are impossible.
Yet, we must face the fact that there is a high degree of convergence
and internal consistency in the reports, quite unlike the usual spectrum to be expected of imaginary or fantasy experiences. Also, behavioral scientists, including clinical psychotherapists who have studied abduction reports and worked with abductees, are nearly
unanimous in concluding that there is no conventional behavioral
science explanation for these reports. Although more testing obviously is needed, all psychological studies to date have agreed that abductees as a group show no extreme pathology or serious social adjustment problems. 2
The stories suggesting that the aliens can enter people's homes at will,
come and go virtually undetected (why don't more people see a craft
hovering nearby?), render their captives totally helpless, induce amnesia, all seem absurd. The invisibility factor is difficult to account for, and
skepticism is fully justified. But closed-mind debunking is not skepticism (nor is it science); the reports are worldwide and cannot be ignored.
The extensive talk show and other media attention to abductions
has made them a high-visibility topic. The so-called victims are troubled, and reputable investigators are puzzled. Some carefully determined answers based on good science are badly needed.
Additionally, we have no reliable information about the actual
number of abduction cases. We only know by pooled information that
they apparently number at least in the thousands. But many factors
hint that unknown numbers of other cases never get reported or are
not recognized as abductions because of repressed memories. These
proto-abduction cases have many of the same features, and are extremely numerous.
One typical example: On August 15, 1986, in Calalzo di Cadore
(Bellino), Italy, a witness saw a luminous-blue, domed disc land, then
he blacked out. When he regained consciousness the craft was gone
and he could not account for two hours. But the grass was bent and
blackened in a 9-meter (30-foot) in diameter circle. After a period of
troubling dreams his memory returned, and he recalled two humanoid beings and views inside the craft. 3
When did these reports begin, and how do they tie in with sightings of humanoid beings seen in association with typical UFOs? Abduction reports did not appear out of the void, but instead in the context of a long history of UFO sightings and reported humanoid
encounters. Folklorist Eddie Bullard explores these issues in a specially prepared essay.
Emergence of the UFO Abduction Phenomenon
by Thomas E. Bullard, Ph.D.
Abductions qualify as the strangest of high-strangeness UFO reports
and the most controversial. In abduction accounts, the occupants of a
UFO capture humans and transport them on board the craft for a period of hours. During this time the entities often subject their captives
to bizarre medical examinations, and sometimes instruct or converse
with abductees before returning them to their vehicles, bedrooms, or
other site of capture.
Some abductees retain full conscious recall of the encounter, but
most suffer a memory lapse that leaves them with only fragmentary
images or none at all, perhaps no more than a sense that something
strange and disturbing happened that now eludes their conscious recollection. Memory impairment is one element in a surrealistic, dreamlike atmosphere surrounding most abduction experiences. It complicates investigation and leads skeptics to brand the entire phenomenon
a psychological aberration.
These reports overturn every reasonable precaution of conservative
UFOlogy. The witnesses claim prolonged close contact with alien entities and visits inside a UFO, during which extensive interaction and
frequent communication are the norm, and repeat encounters are
commonplace. Elaborate stories rest almost exclusively on testimonial
evidence, with memories often recovered through the questionable
process of hypnosis, while objective supporting evidence remains
tenuous at best.
A less promising candidate for serious research could scarcely be
imagined, yet the phenomenon is full of surprises. It possesses intriguing properties well worth investigating and eludes ready explanation in conventional terms. Moreover, the abduction phenomenon
shares with the Roswell crashed saucer story the forefront of UFO logical interest in the 1990s, and has become such an integral part of the
UFO mystery that any understanding of UFOs must reckon with
these accounts.
Abductions were a late and sudden entry into UFO lore. A few
shadowy rumors that UFOs kidnapped people or figured in the disappearance of humans floated through the UFO literature of the
1950s and early 1960s, but none of these stories prepared the way for
the complex reports from 1966 on.
Prelude
When humans met aliens in the 1950s, the encounter fitted one of
two distinct patterns. The contactees, led by George Adamski, Truman Bethurum, and Daniel Fry, told elaborate tales of friendly encounters with beautiful human-like visitors from Venus or some other
nearby planet. These visitors were spiritually and technologically advanced and concerned for the well-being of Earth. They brought messages of love, peace, and brotherhood to an era haunted by nuclear
weapons and the Cold War.
The contactees described voluntary rides in spaceships and offered
photos, footprints, or curios as proof of their encounters, but evidence
took a back seat to message in the cult atmosphere of the contactee
movement. Scientific UFOlogists derided contactee claims as transparent hoaxes and saw them as the bane of serious inquiry into UFOs.
Less familiar but more plausible were reports of fleeting, seemingly
accidental observations of UFO occupants.]. Allen Hynek classified
as "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" those instances where witnesses observed occupants in close proximity to a UFO. These beings
might appear through the windows or transparent domes of a passing
craft, or show themselves as they gathered samples of soil or plant life
near their ship. If the beings spotted an onlooker, they broke off their
exploratory activity and made their getaway.
Most occupant reports from the 1950s and 1960s presented a sober
consistency of description rather than the wild variety characteristic of
hoax and fantasy. UFO witnesses seldom reported anything remotely
monstrous. Most occupant reports from the major 1954 sighting wave
in Europe and South America described dwarfish humanoids dressed
in pilot outfits or (as commonly described) "divers' suits," and "little
men" predominated in North American reports (see section XII).
The diminutive beings, light beams, and paralysis commonplace in
occupant encounters would return as staple descriptions in abduction
reports.

Emergence of Abductions

Against the background of gradual recognition and tentative acceptance of UFO occupant reports, the abduction mystery began. Barney
and Betty Hill were returning to Portsmouth after a vacation trip
through a remote, mountainous area of New Hampshire on the night
of September 19, 1961. An object that was first visible as a distant
moving light approached their car and then appeared to be a discshaped craft with windows and several beings visible inside. Frightened, Barney jumped back in the car, and they drove home in a numb
state. When Betty began to have nightmares and Barney's health deteriorated, they sought professional help, and their abduction account
emerged under hypnosis.
When Betty Hill contacted NICAP in Washington, DC, to report
the original sighting, an investigation was begun by Walter N. Webb
(see his case summary below). Writer john Fuller later published a
detailed account of the Hill case.4 Serialization in Look magazine then
brought widespread publicity to the case.
The Hill case was the first abduction to become widely known, but
not the first such incident. An earlier detailed report entered the
record in February 1958 when a young Brazilian farmer, Antonio Villas Boas, told investigators of an encounter on the night of October
15, 1957, which involved a sexual liaison with an extraterrestrial female (see case abstract below). The report went unpublished at the
time, the few UFOlogists who knew of it suppressed the claim because it seemed too sensational to credit.
Only after the Hill report did the importance of what happened to
Villas Boas become clear. The two accounts described close and prolonged interaction with aliens, and both shared such differences from
contactee claims as involuntary capture, short beings, and medical examination.
The Villas Boas case did not include time lapse, but the case of Pfc.
Gerry Irwin in 1959 reminded UFOlogists of another possible antecedent. Irwin stopped to investigate an apparent plane crash as he
drove through a remote part of Utah. The sheriff found him blacked
out, and he slept for 23 hours in the hospital. Irwin changed from a
reliable soldier to an erratic individual, compelled to return to the site
and troubled by some unknown experience there. He later went
AWOL and disappeared, but in retrospect, his loss of memory, site
compulsion, and emotional turmoil over an experience he could not
recall parallel the behavior of the Hills and many subsequent abductees.'
The abduction story added a new category of experience to UFOlogical records. Abduction differed from close encounters with occupants because the interaction was prolonged and deliberately initiated
by the UFO entities, apparently for a particular purpose. The occupants seemed to graduate from collecting plant and soil samples to
larger and livelier specimens.
Abduction also differed from contactee accounts in that the relationship was involuntary; the abductee entered a trancelike or impaired mental state; the encounter focused on examination rather
than messages; and the occupants were businesslike diminutive humanoids with a hidden agenda, rather than beautiful and friendly human-like mentors from other planets. The contactee stories were
wildly inconsistent, whereas abduction reports described a phenomenon with recurrent and consistent properties.
For many years the Hill case remained isolated and essentially
unique, too good to deny but too bizarre to be considered an integral
piece in the UFO puzzle. At this stage abductions showed every sign
of being a rare phenomenon. Only one other apparently worthy report
surfaced in the late 1960s, and it came to the attention of the Condon
Project then active at the University of Colorado (see section XIII).
On December 3, 1967, Herbert Schirmer, a young police officer in
Ashland, NE, was on patrol in the early morning. After investigating
a livestock disturbance he discovered a football-shaped object along
the highway and watched it take off. He had a time (or memory) lapse
and under hypnosis described electromagnetic failure of his car, and
an encounter with several short beings. After being paralyzed, he
joined the "leader" of the landed craft in a tour of the ship (see case
abstract below).
Growing Awareness of Abductions in the 1970s
A major UFO wave was underway on October 11, 1973, when Charles
Hickson and Calvin Parker went night fishing after work in Pascagoula, MS (see section VIII, 1973 Sighting Wave). Before the evening was over, they had turned the media spotlight back onto abductions. A glowing UFO descended nearby, and three gray beings floated
the immobilized men into the craft. An eyelike device scanned Hickson before the beings released the men and took off (see case abstract
below).
Though national publicity converged on the Pascagoula case, other
significant abductions accompanied the autumn 1973 wave, most notably the experiences of Lydia Morel and Patty Roach (see case abstracts below).
Even though the roster of abductions was growing, they remained
exceptional events. Few new examples entered the record over the next
two years, but the Hill case returned to national attention in the fall of
1975 when a TV movie dramatizing the incident was aired. Two weeks
later an abduction seized the headlines again. On the evening of November 5, 1975, seven members of an Arizona logging crew reported
that one of their colleagues, Travis Walton, had disappeared during a
UFO sighting. The men were driving home from work when they
sighted a disclike craft with lighted panels that looked like windows.
When Walton impulsively ran toward the hovering object to take a
closer look, a beam of light struck him, and the other men fled the
scene in terror. They soon returned but could not find Walton, and an
extensive manhunt was initiated. Five days later he reappeared and
told of being on board a craft where he encountered strange humanoid beings (see case abstract below).
By 1975 abductions had begun to enjoy popular awareness. More
people came forward to report their abduction experiences, perhaps
because pervasive media attention familiarized the public with this
phenomenon, or perhaps because abductees learned who might listen
to their stories. With prompt reporting came more opportunities for
timely investigation.
The Sgt. Charles Moody case of August 13, 1975, the Sandra Larson abduction of August 26, 1975, the David Stephens encounter on
October 27, 1975, and the spectacular capture of three women in
Casey County, KY, on january 6, 1976, became known to investigators
within a few weeks of occurrence, and interviews began while memories were still fresh (see case abstracts below).
Another consequence of increasing familiarity was an opening up
of the backlog of unreported cases. Some people who had kept silent
about experiences dating back a number of years now began to speak
out, with two notable backlog cases receiving extensive investigation
during the late 1970s. One team of investigators explored a 1967 abduction of Betty Andreassen, a Massachusetts housewife taken from
her home while other members of her family sat motionless in a
trancelike state, as if frozen in time.
Before he lost consciousness, her father also witnessed the party of
short humanoids with bulbous heads and very large eyes as they approached the house, and one of Andreassen's daughters corroborated
other details of the encounter. Subsequent investigations by Raymond
E. Fowler and his colleagues uncovered a lifelong series of abduction
experiences (see case abstract below).
A second team in California probed an apparent case of abduction
"contagion," where several friends in separate locations and on various occasions from the 1950s through the 1970s underwent a series
of abductions by short, thin beings (see Tujunga Canyon, CA, case abstract below).
This same period saw an expansion in the geographic scope of the
phenomenon. South America continued to produce reports throughout the 1960s and 1970s, but few accounts reached U.S. investigators,
and those that did suffered from uncertainties surrounding the adequacy of investigation. One report came from France in 1976 and another from England in 1977. The British case involved abduction of
an entire family from its car near Aveley in 1974, and it received an
extensive investigation (see case abstract below).
Researchers Begin to Specialize in Abductions
The late 1970s also marked the rise of abduction specialists among
UFOlogists. Dr. Leo Sprinkle, a University of Wyoming counseling psychologist, began his study of the phenomenon with the Schirmer case in
1967. He continued to explore abductions thereafter, as did Coral and
Jim Lorenzen of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization in Tucson,
AZ. Already one of the most experienced UFO investigators, Ray Fowler
began his career as an abduction investigator with the Andreasson case,
and Ann Druffel with the Tujunga Canyon, CA, abductions.
New York City artist Budd Hopkins uncovered an abundance of
missing time cases associated with UFO sightings. He teamed with a
psychologist to explore these memory gaps under hypnosis and discovered that abductions were not only more common than anyone
suspected, but also were typically recurrent and lifelong, leaving a signature of anxiety and puzzlement across the abductee's life. His book,
Missing Time (1981), established him as a leading spokesman for the
abduction mystery and raised the theory that cases of conscious recall
represented only the "tip of the iceberg," while many more abductions
lay hidden beneath telltale anxieties, phobias, and nightmares.
An Indianapolis woman, Debbie jordan, sought out Hopkins in
1983, and his investigation uncovered a series of abductions, the most
remarkable of which coincided with the apparent disappearance of a
pregnancy. Under hypnosis, she recalled that the beings impregnated
her by artificial means, then removed the fetus during a subsequent
abduction. Some years later during another abduction, she met a frail
child with large eyes and thin hair, seemingly a hybrid with both human and alien characteristics.
History professor David M. Jacobs found the stolen fetus and baby
presentation motifs to be common within the sample of abductees he
investigated for his 1992 book, Secret Life.
Hopkins detailed the Debbie jordan case in his 1987 book, Intruders. The same year proved doubly important for public recognition
of abductions when popular author Whitley Strieber published Communion, an account of his personal abduction experiences and the
struggle he underwent to cope with them.
This best-seller, with its cover image of a large-eyed being, introduced the phenomenon to a worldwide audience. Abduction has remained popular with the media ever since, inspiring books, movies,
advertisements, cartoons, fiction, tabloid yarns, magazine and newspaper articles, and even episodes in TV series.
Interest in UFO abductions has continued to thrive in the 1990s,
with case investigations and analytical studies growing in sophistication and number. Scholars from diverse disciplines have begun to take
an interest in the subject; notable among them is john E. Mack, a Harvard psychiatrist who published his findings in Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens in 1994.
The highlight in academic examination occurred in 1992 when
some 150 researchers, investigators, and abductees met on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) to discuss the
current state of knowledge from a variety of perspectives. 6
Scope and Features of the Phenomenon
In the 1990s UFO abduction cases have become plentiful. Published
accounts numbered about 300 up until1985, and from then until the
present perhaps an additional 1,000 entered the literature. 7 Only a
fraction of the known reports ever reach publication, and 13 investigators polled in a 1992 survey divided some 1,700 cases among them.8
An extrapolation to all investigators would multiply this total, and if
abductions parallel other types of UFO incidents, cases reported make
up only a tiny fraction of total experiences.
The phenomenon is international in scope, though available
records favor heavily the English-speaking world. Among the 300 reports prior to 1985, important sites were the United States (132),
United Kingdom (23), Australia/New Zealand (16), and Canada (8).
South America also provided substantial numbers, especially Argentina (29) and Brazil (28). A few reports came from continental Europe and the USSR, but Asia and Africa were poorly represented with
only a few scattered cases."
The European picture has filled out in the past ten years with two
extensive casebooks from England10 and surveys from Italy,' 1 France, 12
Germany, 13 and the former Soviet Union. 14 In general, more reports
have come from all over the world, though the distribution does not
correspond by any means to population. Whether the phenomenon or
discovery of it is responsible for this unevenness remains an important question.
The people who claim abductions come from all social and economic strata, work both white- and blue-collar jobs, and earn college
and high school diplomas. Many hold responsible positions, some
have executive or professional rank. Abductees are male and female in
approximately equal numbers. 15
The psychological profile of most abductees shows no mental abnormalities, no tendency toward fantasy or unusual susceptibility to
confabulation. If any widespread or unifying trait characterizes them,
it is the vigilance and anxiety of the victim and a proneness to various
types of extraordinary experience, not just UFOs. 16 Whether these
characteristics relate to abduction as cause or effect remains uncertain, given the tentative status of current psychological understanding
of the people who report these encounters.
The Course of Abductions
What happens in an abduction follows the prototypical course of the
Hill encounter, with some possible additions but little change in the
type and sequence of events down to the present. An initial UFO
sighting or light through the window denotes the onset of many abductions; on other occasions a sleeper awakes to find beings in the
bedroom. These initial incidents may remain in conscious memory,
but surrealistic effects soon settle over the subject-an unnatural silence, paralysis, and a sort of mind control that saps the subject's will.
A time lapse shuts out memories of an hour or two and leaves the abductee haunted with anxiety, a sense that something happened but no
clear recollections of what it was. 17
For many people these events sum up their story, and they have no
recollection of onboard experiences or interactions with beings. Such
reports are suggestive of abductions but remain protoabductions pending a further unfolding of memory. The literature includes some examples of voluntary entry and cases of people taken aboard a craft but
not examined. Most time lapses later prove to have concealed an examination, though the examination may be either the sole purpose of
the abduction or only one experience out of many. The length and
complexity of the story varies, but the sequence of events is essentially the same.
Images of the missing hours frequently return to awareness, sometimes spontaneously, sometimes in flashbacks or dreams, most often
under hypnosis. Strange beings escort the subject to a landed or hovering UFO, where most are given a systematic physical examination
with cold, businesslike efficiency. The procedure may include implanting a tiny object into a nostril or some other part of the anatomy,
and the beings show keen interest in the reproductive organs. A being
may stare into the abductee's eyes and seem to read his or her
thoughts. In some reports the beings implant and later remove a fetus,
while in subsequent abductions the subject may see frail, sickly babies
or even a child, seemingly a human-alien hybrid.
After the examination the beings may confer with the abductee,
sometimes showing scenes on a screen or providing instruction for a
future task or mission. The beings often warn of coming catastrophe
or a time of tribulation on earth, and promise the abductee a role in
ameliorating this danger. The alien prophets remain without honorthe dates of their prophecies have always passed without any momentous events.
In some cases the beings give the abductee a sightseeing tour of the
ship, or sometimes they transport the abductee to a barren, devastated
world or a lush subterranean environment. On rare occasions the abductee witnesses a ritual or observes a scene of apparent spiritual significance to the beings.
When the abduction ends, the beings return the abductee to his or
her starting point and the ship departs. The abductee then resuQies a
normal flow of consciousness and loses most or all recollection of the
experience. A series of physical aftereffects may plague the abductee
in the following hours and days-thirst, dizziness, stomach upset, eye
irritation, nosebleed, cuts, and puncture wounds. In subsequent
weeks mental and emotional aftereffects kick in as nightmares, flashbacks, anxieties, and phobias trouble the abductee.
Long-range changes often occur to abductees as their personality,
habits, and interests change, sometimes for the better with increased
spiritual awareness and humane concerns, sometimes for the worse
with consequences similar to posttraumatic stress disorder. The abductee frequently becomes prone to having other paranormal experiences: "Men-in-Black" visitors and apparitions, an increase in psychic
abilities, and subsequent UFO encounters.
Abduction may last a lifetime, beginning in childhood and continuing with increasing frequency during the reproductive years. After
about age 35, the frequency drops notably, and few people above this
age report a first-time abduction. 18
Table l summarizes the most common recurrent events in their
usual order. Some of the events are more common than others-paralysis and examinations occur in a majority of reports, while the theophany episodes are extremely rare-but their sequence is surprisingly
consistent. The events in a report usually occur in the same relative
order. For example, the examination almost always precedes the conference. This fidelity of sequence holds true in 84 of 103 cases that offer detailed information and have been reliably investigated. A persistent stability of order is one of the most remarkable characteristics
of the abduction phenomenon. 19
Descriptive Features
Abduction reports also are characterized by recurrent descriptive features. The typical entity is a humanoid being of short stature (three to
five feet tall), gray hairless skin, a bulbous head shaped like an inverted pear, large and elongated eyes, a small slit or hole for a mouth,
and vestigial ears and nose. The entity wears a uniform, jumpsuit, or
coveralls, often so skintight that it appears naked.
TABLE 1. RECURRING ABDUCTION EVENTS
1987 1995
I. Capture (alien beings acquire and transport subject to
a UFO) 100% 00
A. Intrusion (onset of strange appearances and
reactions)
1. Restlessness, anxiety, premonition that something
strange will happen 34 32
2. UFO appears 60 45
3. Drone, buzz, hum, or musical sound 29 32
B. Zone of Strangeness (changes occur in the physical
environment)
l. "Vacuum" effect, stillness, silence, absence of traffic 21 24
C. Time Lapse (changes in consciousness or behavior
of the abductee) 88 44
D. Procurement (alien beings control abductee and
transport to craft)
l. Beam of light appears, draws abductee toward UFO 36 32
2. Beings appear 68
3. Sudden entry into craft or momentary memory
loss while entering the craft 48 48
II. Examination (beings subject the abductee to bodily
probes and tests) 70 68
A. Preparation (beings undress and prepare the abductee
for examination)
l. Abductee lies on examination table 77
B. Physical Examination
l. Manual inspection (beings touch abductee's body
or use handheld instruments) 40 42
2. Eyelike device scans abductee's body 49
3. Beings probe abductee's body with instruments 33 30
4. Beings take blood samples or remove samples of
other bodily materials 28 31
5. Beings perform a reproductive examination,
remove genital materials 24 24
C. Neurological Examination (attention to head or
mental functions)
l. Mindscan (close, intent staring by an alien)
2. Tiny device implanted or removed from abductee,
close attention to head area 42 45
3. Behavioral, emotional tests 33
1987 1995
Ill. Conference (meeting of beings and humans for
conversation, lecture) 46 38
1. Beings show abductee images of cataclysm 17 19
2. Assignment of task or mission 28 26
3. Warning against human activities such as
environmental destruction 23 29
4. Prophecy of future events or coming catastrophe 19 19
IV. Tour of Ship (abductee visits various parts of the ship) 13 28
l. Visit to incubatorium or nursery 16
v. Journey or Otherworldly Journey (transport to strange
earthly or unearthly environment) 27 24
VI. Theophany (abductee has religious or spiritual
experience) 9 9
VII. Return (abductee departs ship, returns to normal
surroundings)
1. Beings say farewell or impart final message 23 20
2. Abductee sad or reluctant to leave, feels sense
of rapture 25 28
VIII. Aftermath
A. Immediate or Short-term Aftereffects (up to about
two weeks, mostly physical)
1. Eyes irritated, watering, burning 18 18
2. Dehydration, unusual thirst 11 20
3. Dizziness, headache, problems with motility,
balance, coordination 15 l7
4. Cuts, scars, punctures 10 37
B. Intermediate Aftereffects (onset within days or
months, mostly psychological)
1. Vague anxieties, fear of specific situations such
as a doctor's office 15 31
2. Nightmares, sleep disturbance 34 36
C. Long-term Aftereffects (onset months or years later,
changes in personality)
l. ESP develops, psychic or paranormal experiences
increase 42 39
2. Changes in interests, habits, personality, lifestyle 19 28
3. Additional abductions, UFO sightings, entity
encounters 55 62
In addition to these so-called standard humanoids, the crew may
include a slightly taller humanoid of similar appearance who apparently outranks the others as a leader or supervisor. The smaller beings
treat the captive with seeming indifference and perform menial duties,
while the taller being may be more attentive to the captive, more versatile, and less bound to routine.
A small but persistent number of reports describe Nordic beingstall, beautiful humans with long blond hair and blue eyes. Other varieties are rare, with only a few monsters and exotic beings.
The most common description of the craft matches the familiar
saucer shape, perhaps with a dome on top. The interior may include an
antechamber, control room, engine room, and corridors, but the only
room most abductees see is the examination room. It is sometimes triangular or pie-slice in shape, but most often it is round with a domed
roof and made of seamless metal. It is generally drab and unfurnished
except for an examination table and, sometimes, stools or benches.
The temperature is often cool; the atmosphere sometimes misty,
moist, or heavy, making it hard to breathe; the lighting usually soft and
diffuse, as though the walls and ceiling were self-luminous. In the
course of the examination the beings may draw down a scanning device
from overhead or pull instruments from the wall or beneath the table. 20
Table 2 collects some of the often-repeated descriptions of abduction reports and indicates how often these features occur. Three
sources provide these percentages: The first figure comes from a survey of 13 abduction investigators drawing on some 1, 700 cases,
and the percentage represents the mean of estimates given by these
13 respondents. The second is based on the content of 103 highinformation, high-reliability reports taken from the literature before
1985 and also represents findings from the Abduction Transcript Project managed by Dan Wright, with a database of 154 reports. A notable closeness of value characterizes the percentages for many features in these three independent samples. 21
The Abduction Debate
Efforts to understand the abduction phenomenon have led to a longrunning dispute between proponents and skeptics. Some proponents
favor a literal interpretation of extraterrestrial visitation, others step
further out on a limb and speculate about purpose, suggesting that the
reason for abductions may be scientific exploration of the earth, education of humans to change their consciousness, or gathering human
genetic materials to create hybrid beings.
TABLE 2. ABDUCTION FEATURES AND FREQUENCIES
OF OCCURRENCE
1987 1995
The Craft
UFO is disk, domed disk, or Saturn-shaped 57% 59%
Interior contains an examination room 84 86
Examination room is round, domed, smooth 84 75
Examination room is square, wedge, or shaped like a pie slice 16 14
Lighting is diffuse, indirect, fluorescent 74 67
Air lights is chilly, damp, misty, hard to breathe 64 62
Examination room is equipped with a bed, table, or recliner 81 82
Types of Beings
Beings are humanoid in form 76 76
Beings are short gray ("standard") humanoids 66 66
Beings are short to average height 77 74
One or more beings is taller than average height 23 20
Nordic beings present (tall, blond, graceful, attractive humans) 14 10
Monsters, oddities, robots, apes 7 7
Description of Standard Humanoids
Head is large, pear-shaped with bulging cranium and tapered
or pointed chin 69 74
Eyes are large, elongated, slanted 83 81
Nose is vestigial (holes or slight protrusion only) 82 81
Ears are vestigial (none or holes, small structures at most) 91 84
Mouth is a slit (small, lipless) 95 92
Behavior of Beings
Control abductee with instructions to forget, coercive
reassurances 45 48
One being is familiar to the abductee and more caring than
the rest 43 43
Beings act in a cold, businesslike way toward the abductee 58 62
Beings are warm and considerate 15 14
Unusual Sensations and Effects
Paralysis, heaviness, creeping lethargy 50 55
Behaviors inappropriate to the situation, involuntary acts
during capture or on board 23 23
Missing time, loss of memory 88 44
Full consciousness of abduction maintained 8 7
Floating or sense like floating during some part of abduction 37 37
Telepathic communication between beings and human 83 84
TABLE 2. ABDUCTION FEATURES AND FREQUENCIES
OF OCCURRENCE (continued)
Circumstances of Abduction
Abduction lasts 1-2 hours
First abduction experience occurs after age 35
Abductee taken from bedroom
Abductee taken from vehicle
1987 1995
36% 43%
19 14
23 57
43 26
A straightforward notion of visitors from other planets does not appeal to all abduction investigators, and many temper their explanations with suspicions of paranormal events, other dimensions, and
unusual psychological or psychophysical phenomena. 22
The skeptics explain abductions as media-inspired fantasies or
false memories created by confabulation between a hypnotist wishing
to find evidence of aliens and a compliant subject. Media focus on abductions and popular movies such as Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind has charged the public consciousness with
enough images and ideas to create a suitable abduction story.
Simply entering into the investigation of a suspected abduction raises
the subject's expectation of discovering these images and ideas in a personal experience. Investigators want to find evidence of aliens, according to the skeptics, and despite all good intentions they help the fantasy
process along by helping the subject to confirm an alien encounter.
Hypnosis compounds the problem because it heightens the subject's susceptibility to suggestion. The best subjects may also be the
most pliant, possessed of a fantasy-prone personality that impairs
their ability to draw the line between truth and fiction. Such people
tell vivid stories with the conviction of belief. The story is compelling,
say the skeptics, but quite false. 23
Both proponents and skeptics tend to stake out positions backed
by a selective body of evidence, but the phenomenon in its fullness
eludes easy solution. The case for a physical phenomenon rests on insubstantial grounds. No persuasive physical evidence for abductions
has come to light: recovered implants have proved uncertain in origin,
no proper documentation supports missing-fetus claims, body marks
and ground traces attributed to abduction encounters could have
other sources. In a few instances the abduction report is a demonstrable fantasy, since the subject remained in sight while supposedly in
alien hands. H
The influence of media and culture on some aspects of the abduction story is not only possible, but also an evident fact. British reports,
for example, have more Nordics than North American reports-or
did, before small, large-eyed aliens took over in the late 1980s after
Whitley Strieber's Communion became well known. The growing
number of missing fetus and baby presentation cases seems to stem
from descriptions of the Debbie jordan ("Kathie Davis") case in Budd
Hopkins's 1987 book, Intruders. Clear antecedents of this feature are
lacking in the earlier literature, while it has been commonly reported
since then. 2'
In a survey taken after the 1992 conference at MIT, some investigators with long experience say that descriptions of aliens have
become more stereotypical over the years. In the early days of abductions the beings warned against nuclear weapons, but this
message shifted to concerns over ecological disaster as that threat grew
popular. 26 Alien types with national preferences seem unlikely, leaving
susceptibility to cultural expectations as the probable alternative.
Summary and Conclusions
Despite these deficits, abductions continue to pose some unsettling
problems and resist pigeonholing in any conventional category. Multiple-witness cases result in two or more accounts of the same encounter, and comparison of the accounts shows similar or complementary stories. Shared experiences are not unheard of in other
paranormal encounters, but the depth of interpersonal confirmation
in multiple-witness abduction reports is noteworthy.
If the story varies around the edges, it shows remarkable stability
at the core. The same sequence of events and the same descriptive
content recur from one narrator to another, down to obscure details,
even when a subject has little apparent familiarity with abduction accounts. This stability is all the more remarkable considering how
much abduction fantasies should vary.
Folk narratives such as urban legends change with the telling, mutating rapidly and prolifically. Abduction reports, if fantasies, should do the
same, only more so-the story is long, fantastic, and loosely constructed.
One part could change places with another and leave the meaning of the
story intact, yet, against all expectation, the episodes and events keep
their places time after time with stubborn persistence.
Cultural influences leave a genuine mark on the phenomenon, but
they should leave more. Their pervasiveness and variety should inspire a proportionate variety in the stories, if abduction stories truly
stem from such influences. What we see is just the opposite. Movies
have introduced many images of aliens and numerous space-opera
plots, yet the same small, gray aliens fill abduction reports to the exclusion of the Hollywood menagerie, and abductees select the same
one plot out of many, over and over.
The blame for story stability cannot fall on investigators, since they
find similarities despite different opinions, personalities, and expectations. Hypnosis cannot live up to its role in skeptical theory because the
stories remain alike whether recovered through hypnosis or by spontaneous recall, and hypnotists leave too little of their personal mark on
the results to deserve credit as key shapers of the story. The fantasyprone hypothesis falters when psychological tests show abductees have
no more ability to fantasize than the rest of the population.
If abductees fantasize their stories to satisfy personal needs, their
choice of subject matter is a poor one. The events are often frightening, unsettling, even painful, while the abductee's role is usually that
of a passive victim who is taken, used, and sometimes abused without
volition or control. The aftermath may be equally disturbing as the
experience casts a shadow across decades of the abductee's life.
Abduction is not the stuff of warm, heroic fantasies or romances. It
lacks the individuality characteristic of fantasy, and events unfold in
spite of the needs or wishes of the narrator, rather than in reflection
of them. If some abductees post a psychological gain, a great many see
only a loss, and the penalties outweigh the satisfactions by far.
What 30 years of abduction research has established can be declared in a few lines: Thousands of people report abduction experiences; most of them are normal to all appearances, and many of them
are capable individuals leading respectable lives who stand to gain little and lose much by public declaration of this claim. The stories describe a coherent phenomenon, not the individualistic adventures of
fantasizers, hoaxers, or delusionals. In fact the stories converge toward a unity that is remarkable, given the variety of cultural influences available. The similarities from narrator to narrator, and sometimes multiple witnesses confirming the same encounter, are
important characteristics of an objective phenomenon.
Taking everything into account, we are left to contemplate a collection of strange stories hovering in a misty limbo between hard
truth and surreal fantasy. Abduction cases are attractive because they
offer the richest information payoff of any type of UFO report, but
they also are the most problematical type because they incur the deepest debt of proof-a debt as yet unpaid. Much inquiry lies ahead before we know for certain whether abduction belongs to the physical
phenomenon of UFOs or borrows elements of UFO lore to feed a cultural myth. 
The following pages list abduction cases from the 1950s to the late
1980s. Table 3 explains the symbols used in each case.
TABLE 3. CATALOGUE OF ABDUCTION CASES
x = medical exam or testing
 = instruments used
* = consoles, panels, screens observed
 = communication occurred
o = other-worldly experience
 = medical/physical aftereffects
 = psychological aftereffects
1950s
CASE 53-1 (x   )
Name/Date/Location: "Sara Shaw," 21, and "jan Whitley," 22;
March 22, 1953; Tujunga Canyon, CA.
Preliminary: Witnesses in remote cabin awakened at 2:00A.M., noted
that all nature sounds had ceased, and a moving blue light outside was
casting shadows on the wall. Both felt giddy and confused and lost
conscious memory until4:20 A.M.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis Shaw recalled that several shadowy
beings approached the house and passed through a closed window
and the kitchen door. The beings placed their hands on the two
women and then seemed to control them. They debated whether to
examine the witnesses in the cabin or to take them onto the craft, deciding on the latter. As the beings surrounded her and held her upper
arms, Sara was floated toward the craft in a beam of light, her feet off
the ground. When they touched her she felt tranquil and unafraid.
Whitley, however, resisted and was rendered unconscious by an injection and carried on board.
Craft/Beings: Small Saturn-shaped craft was hovering at a spot down
the road; varicolored like mother-of-pearl, made a whining sound.
Slender humanoids with narrow shoulders and long arms. Their skin
felt dry and cool. Oval faces, no hair, long, narrow eyes. Something
like a ski mask covered their faces leaving holes for the eyes. Black,
skintight coveralls, mittens, and rounded boots. Most were about 5 ft.
(1.5 m) tall. Two taller beings, about 5 ft. 7 in. (1.7 m), seemed to be
the leaders. A tall being in a light-colored suit with black stripes and
bare hands (showing gray skin) directed onboard examination.
Onboard features: They entered through a door above the rim of the
craft and were taken to a large, domed examination room with a balcony surrounding it. There was a chair on casters and a table, and
there were control panels on the walls.
Onboard activities: Whitley struggled with the beings as they tried to
examine her breasts. She was dragged into another room. They undressed Shaw and spent time examining a surgical scar that seemed to
fascinate them. They took her to the table and levitated her above it.
An anvil-like device descended from the ceiling on a rod and scanned
her body. A tall being on the balcony directed the examination, calling out instructions. Sara was taken to another room with chairs suspended in the air.
Communication: The beings communicated without moving their lips
(telepathy?) and reassured the women that they had nothing to fear
and would not be hurt. More than once they indicated to Sara that she
had lived a previous life. They discussed human rotting and a cure for
cancer.
Termination/Return: The beings instructed Shaw to forget what had
occurred. She was floated out a small window with her knees drawn
up (see Budd Hopkins's "Linda Cortile" case) and returned to the
cabin. At this point she saw her dog and cat outside the cabin and realized that they had also been taken on board.
Aftermath: Shaw found herself seated on her bed at 4:20 A.M. Whitley
was "still" standing by the closet where she had last been seen. The
air was oppressive, and they fled the cabin. Whitley saw an apparition
while en route to the car. Shaw's lifestyle changed considerably after
the encounter. She terminated her lesbian relationship with Whitley
and eventually married. She also gave up her assembly line job and
entered the medical profession. The investigators discovered that during the 1960s and 1970s several of Whitley's and Shaw's friends and
acquaintances were involved in apparently interrelated abductions. 27
CASE 57-1 (x )
Name/Date/Location: Antonio Villas Boas, 23; October 15, 1957; Minas Gerais State, Brazil
Preliminary: Plowing a field at night, red starlike object approached,
light shone on witness as craft descended. Witness tried to flee, tractor stalled, three beings forcibly carried him on board craft.
Initial activities: As Villas Boas was carried up a ladder to the craft entrance, he seized the railing firmly, and the beings had to unclasp his
hands to continue. He was taken through a small metallic chamber and
a door closed behind him, leaving no visible trace of an opening or seam.
Craft/Beings: Domed oval about 23 ft. (7 m) in diameter, large lights
projected from front, row of lights and a catwalk around rim. Two
stubby winglike protuberances from the sides. Craft settled on three
legs. Five humanoid beings, four (apparently male) about 5 ft. l in.
(1.5+ m), one (apparently female) about 4ft. 5 in. (1.3 m) tall, wearing tight gray coveralls with gloves, shoes, and headgear with lenslike
windows in front. Tubes connected the headgear to the area of the
ribs. Clothing included a belt and breast strap, and a badge or shield
on the breast.
Onboard features: Witness was ushered into a large, semioval room
with silvery walls and a column in the center, a table, and stools. It
was chilly.
Onboard activities: Some time passed while the beings apparently
conversed among themselves, their voices resembling the barks and
yelps of a dog. The beings undressed Villas Boas, overcoming his continued resistance, and one of them wiped his skin with a sponge wet
with a clear, thick liquid. Three beings then escorted him to a room
containing only a couch. They drew blood from his chin using a glass
flask with a rubber tube. Villas Boas was then left alone for about 30
minutes, resting on the couch. A strange-smelling smoke entered the
room through tubes in the wall, which caused him to vomit. After that
he was able to breathe better.
A naked woman entered the room. Her body was slender and beautiful. She had a wide face, pointed chin, small nose, thin lips, and
elongated blue eyes. Her hair was blond and thin, her pubic hair
blood red. She embraced him, making it clear that she wanted to have
sexual intercourse. The witness obliged her, and afterward the door
opened and the woman left, after pointing to her belly and then toward the sky. Another of the beings brought him his clothing and he
dressed, finding only his cigarette lighter missing.
Termination/Return: Afterward, Villas Boas was given a tour of the exterior of the craft on the surrounding catwalk, with various features
pointed out to him. Then he was directed to the ladder, which he descended, and the craft took off with a whistling sound and flew away
at high speed.
Aftermath: He was tired and slept most of the next day, then for the
next two to three days he suffered nervousness, headaches, insomnia,
nightmares, and lack of appetite. By the second night he developed a
burning sensation and watering in his eyes, which persisted for about
a month. After a few days the insomnia turned to excessive sleepiness.
The nausea soon passed and his appetite returned. 28
1960s
CASE6l-l (x +  )
Name/Date/Location: Barney Hill, 39, and Betty Hill, 41; September 19-20, 1961; Near Indian Head, NH
Preliminary: Driving home to Portsmouth, NH, from a vacation trip at
about 11:00 P.M., they saw a starlike object approaching them on an
erratic course; it looked like a craft. Through binoculars Barney saw
beings in it looking at him. He fled to the car and they sped away.
They experienced a time lapse.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis details of an encounter emerged; six
or more humanoid beings approached their car after they turned off
into a wooded area, and they were escorted up a ramp and on board
the craft.
Craft/Beings: Disc-shaped with windows, a half-dozen uniformed beings visible inside. Beings were 5 ft. to 5 ft. 4 in. (1.5-1.6 m) tall, and
had broad foreheads, round faces tapered toward the chin, dark catlike eyes that extended around to the side of the head, small mouths,
small noses, grayish skin, dark clothing.
Onboard features: Curved corridor around the circumference of the
craft. Witnesses taken into wedge-shaped rooms. Metallic and white
examining rooms illuminated by bluish fluorescence, with tables and
various equipment, instruments, storage compartments.
Onboard activities: First Betty and then Barney was extensively examined.
Communication: When communicating among themselves, the beings
made a mumbling or humming sound. Only the leader and the examiner communicated with them. Betty (apparently via telepathy)
was told that she should not be afraid; they only wanted to conduct
some tests and would return them to the car. Later they asked her
about concepts of aging and measures of time.
Termination/Return: Two men escorted Barney to the exit, his eyes
still closed. Barney walked down the ramp, opened his eyes, and saw
the car. He got inside and sat waiting for Betty. The leader escorted
Betty partway to the car. After the craft took off, she got back in the
car and Barney drove off.
Aftermath: Both felt numb and confused and had memory gaps. They
reached home about 5:00A.M., two hours later than expected. Barney
found the tops of his shoes scuffed, and burrs in his cuffs and socks.
Ten days later Betty had vivid nightmares about the experience. Barney had a vague dream about a roadblock, later had physical problems. Eventually they sought help and were referred for psychological
counseling. When the full story emerged under hypnosis, the case became one of the most celebrated UFO incidents of all time (see case
summary by Walter N. Webb below).
CASE 67-1 (x +  )
Name/Date/Location: Betty Andreassen, 30; Waino Aho (father), 60;
Becky Andreassen (daughter), 11; plus several other children; january
25, 1967; South Ashburnham, MA
Preliminary: At about 6:35 P.M., just after supper, there was a power
failure and a pulsing glow became visible through the kitchen window. A group of strange beings approached the house with a hopping
motion, like grasshoppers. The witnesses experienced a vacuum-like
sense of stillness, and everyone blacked out except Betty.
Initial activities: Betty interacted with the beings in her living room,
showed them a Bible; they showed her a thin blue book. The leader,
"Quazgaa," led Betty and the other beings through the closed door;
she felt weightless. The craft was standing nearby.
Craft/Beings: No craft was immediately visible. Later it was seen to be
oval with a rim around its circumference and resting on three legs that
adjusted to the terrain. Five humanoid beings, 4ft. (1.2 m) tall or less,
passed through the closed kitchen door. They wore dark blue uniforms, belted at the waist and with another belt or banner across the
chest at an angle. On a sleeve of the uniform was an emblem of a bird
(a Phoenix?). Their footgear consisted of boots. Later they wore
silvery-white uniforms.
Onboard features: Several interior rooms, staircase that led up to a circular domed room on an upper level that contained a boxlike object
like a desk, and objects on the walls like mirrors, shields, and symbols. In the lower part of the craft were rotating crystalline globes that
also produced pulsating light.
Onboard activities: The beings showed Betty various sections of the
craft. She was floated up a staircase to a domed room where she was
held in place by a paralyzing force and examined with a camera-like
device that emerged from the wall. Later she was taken down an elevator to the main deck. In another room she was placed beneath the
lights of a "cleansing device," then she put on clothing provided by the
beings. She was taken to an examination room brightly lighted from
indirect sources and was floated onto an examination table. There
"Quazgaa" conducted various tests, inserted needles in her nose and
navel, removed a small ball from her head through her nasal passage.
Otherworldly experience: After the examination she was given an
"otherworldly journey" where she experienced a strange realm and
weird creatures.
Communication: The beings spoke to her extensively, but avoided giving informative answers to her questions. They asked her to help them
save the world and prevent humans from destroying it. After performing a test on her, "Quazgaa" told Betty that she was not completely
"filled with light" and that he would have to conduct a physical examination. At various times the beings tried to reassure her that everything
would be okay, and expressed concern about her well-being. They said
they had implanted messages deep in her mind for later use.
Termination/Return: Two small beings escorted her out of the craft, each
one carrying a luminous globe. The globes apparently were used to direct the dazed members of Betty's family upstairs to bed back at the
house. A being named ''joohop" allowed Betty to keep the small book
to study for a while, then escorted her to her bed at about 10:40 P.M.
Aftermath: Betty showed the book to her daughter, Becky, but 10 days
later it disappeared. She and members of her family had partial conscious recollections of the initial encounter with the beings. Later indepth investigation revealed numerous other alien encounters by
Betty and her family and friends. 29
CASE 67-2 (x + *   )
Name/Date/Location: Herbert Schirmer; December 3, 1967; Ashland,
NE
Preliminary: At about 2:30A.M., while patrolling in police cruiser, saw
red flashing lights ahead, investigated and encountered an object with
portholes hovering just above the ground. The object rose and shot
out of sight. When Schirmer returned to the police station at about
3:00A.M., he realized that he could not account for 20 minutes.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis Schirmer recalled his car radio,
lights, and engine failing as the craft moved to a nearby field and
landed. A group of humanoid beings approached the car and mentally
prevented his fleeing or drawing his revolver. One sprayed greenish
gas on the car while another shone a bright light on him. He felt paralyzed and passed out.
Craft/Beings: Elliptical craft like polished aluminum encircled by oval
portholes with red, flashing lights visible through them, tripod legs.
Around its periphery was what looked like a catwalk. Beings were 4~
to 5 ft. (1.4 to 1.5 m) tall, thin, with long heads, long flat noses, slit
mouths, and catlike sunken eyes that did not blink. Gray-white skin,
uniforms with boots, gloves, and head coverings. They had what
looked like a small antenna on the left side of the head. Emblem like
a winged serpent visible on the left breast of the uniform.
Onboard features: Schirmer woke up and was escorted up a ladder
and onboard the craft. It was cold. On the first level were large drums
in a big circle with black cables connecting them. They showed him
the engine overhead, which was like half a cocoon, spinning, giving
off bright colors like a rainbow. On the next level up was a room with
chairs, a control panel, a map on the wall, and a viewing screen. The
map showed a sun and six planets.
Onboard activities: The leader demonstrated a device like a tape
player that seemed to transfer information into Schirmer's mind as
they interacted. On a screen he was shown beings standing guard outside the craft, other craft flying against a background of stars, and a
mother ship out in space.
Communication: The leader spoke in broken English with a voice that
seemed to come from deep inside. He said they came from another
galaxy and showed Schirmer the star map. They were observing us
and had been for a long time. They had bases in our solar system,
beneath the sea and in the polar regions. They needed electricity.
The craft used an electromagnetic propulsion system ("reversible
electrical-magnetism") that was vulnerable to radar, and they drew
electricity from power lines and energy from water to power both the
craft and a protective force field. They were contacting us to pave the
way for eventual open contact and to prevent us from destroying the
earth.
Termination/Return: Schirmer was instructed to forget the experience
and was led back outside. He returned to his patrol car and watched
the craft take off.
Aftermath: Later that night he felt sick, weak, and nervous. He found
a red welt on his neck, experienced chronic buzzing in his ears, and
had trouble sleeping. He was promoted to chief of police, but later resigned from police work because his obsessive concern about the
meaning of his UFO experience interfered with his concentration.30
CASE 68-1 (x  *  )
Name/Date/Location: "Michael Lapp," 16, and 'janet Cornell," 19;
August 7, 1968; Buff Ledge Camp, Colchester, VT
Preliminary: Standing on dock at 8:10P.M., glowing, cigar-shaped object swooped down over lake, released three small round objects. Two
streaked away, the third approached witnesses. Two beings visible in
dome.
Initial activities: Beings communicated with Lapp telepathically, Cornell seemed to be in trance; witnesses abducted on board.
Craft/Beings: Disc with dome, perimeter lights. Two humanoids with
large heads, large eyes, tight-fitting grayish clothing, seen in dome.
Three or more seen on board (roomful at one point), greenish clothing, green-blue skin color, about 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall.
Onboard features: Dim lighting, exam tables, equipment, instruments,
consoles, viewing screens.
Onboard activities: Lapp and Cornell examined separately, each escorted by a "guide." Cornell: eye exam with handheld light, skin
scrapings, blood sample, bodily fluid samples; Lapp: helmet-like device placed on head, monitored on viewing screen by aliens.
Communication: Telepathically with Lapp. They came from a distant
planet; he would not be harmed. Told him probing of Cornell was for
"spawning consciousness."
Termination/Return: Guide touched Lapp's hands, scene dissolved
into strange landscape, people in parklike setting, purple sky. Frightened Cornell appeared, he fell asleep. Awoke falling through space,
TV-like screens showing image of him and Cornell on dock; passed
through a screen and awoke on dock next to Cornell.
Aftermath: Both felt fatigued, went to bed without discussing incident. Lapp retained partial memory; Cornell had near-total amnesia,
sensing only that something had happened that she wanted to talk
about with Lapp. Ten years later Cornell approached UFO investigators, and Walter Webb initiated a five-year investigation (see case
summary by Walter N. Webb below).
CASE 68-2 (X * )
Name/Date/Location: Juan Carlos Peccinetti, 26, and Fernando Jose
Villegas, 29; September 1, 1968; Mendoza, Argentina
Preliminary: Driving home in early morning, engine and lights failed,
witnesses paralyzed.
Initial activities: Voice in their head reassured them they had nothing
to fear.
Craft/Beings: Three hairless humanoids with large heads, about 1.5 m
(5 ft.) tall, approached from a hovering oval or circular craft, beam of
light to ground.
Interaction: One being traced inscriptions on the side of the car, then
a screen appeared outside the craft and showed beautiful landscapes
and a mushroom cloud. Beings took blood samples from the witnesses' left hands, then ascended a light beam into the craft.
Communication: Said they traveled around the sun(?), warned about
nuclear war.
Termination/Return: Craft took off with explosive sound and rose out
of sight. 31
CASE 69-1 (x)
Name/Date/Location: "Denis McMahon," 17, "Paul Federico," 17,
"Douglas Sharkey," 17; April 5, 1969; West Nyack, NY
Preliminary: While parked in a remote area about 7:15P.M. a light approached, and they got out to see a craft emitting a light beam. They
lost consciousness, except that one later recalled seeing the craft land
and shine the light beam on them.
Craft/Beings: Oval object about 50 ft. (15 m) in diameter with a row
of lights around its circumference and a light beam shining down
from the center. Humanoid beings about 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall with large
round heads and large black eyes, pale gray skin. Most wore form-fitting gray-green coveralls; one who acted as examiner wore a turtleneck garment.
Onboard features: Well-lighted circular room about 12 ft. (3.6 m) in
diameter and a white table with surface like formica.
Onboard activities: The examiner peered intently into McMahon's
face. He felt that he had been "ripped to pieces" and then put back together again, but did not feel any pain.
Termination/Aftermath: McMahon had spontaneous recall, including
534
Charles Hickson, 1973
abductee (Photo: Mutual
UFO Network).
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
trying for several minutes to start the car without success at about
l 0:15 P.M. Federico recalled the experience in a dream. 32
1970s
CASE 73-1 (x + *  )
Name/Date/Location: Charles Hickson, 42, and Calvin Parker, 19; October 11, 1973; Pascagoula, MS
Preliminary: Witnesses were fishing after dark off a pier in an abandoned shipyard. Heard or happened to turn and detect something behind them.
Initial activities: Beings floated toward them from a hovering craft,
grabbed Hickson by his arms causing pain in left shoulder and immobilizing him. Another being grabbed Parker by the arm and he lost
consciousness. Hickson recalled being lifted off the ground and
floated with the beings into the craft. He saw Parker go limp.
CrafUBeings: Domed oval object descended, hovered just off the
ground emitting a buzzing noise. A door opened revealing a brightly
lighted interior. Three robot-like beings just over 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall
emerged and floated toward them. They had no visible neck, slit
mouth, pointed nose, and ears. Eyes not prominent, maybe slits.
Rough gray skin, mummy-like appearance. Unusually long arms with
clawlike hands. Feet were elephant-like.
Onboard features: Interior was brilliantly lighted. No furniture seen,
only a screenlike device on the wall. Hickson seemed to hang sus-
pended in the air at an angle of 45 degrees as an eyelike device appeared out of the wall.
Onboard activities: The device circled Hickson, first moving down his
front, then up his back and over his head, stopping in front of his face.
The beings moved in a stiff, mechanical way as if robots, but worked
quickly and efficiently. One made a buzzing sound. When they were
through they disappeared for a while.
Communication: Hickson "heard" a message in his mind that the beings were peaceful.
Termination/Return: The beings returned and grasped Hickson again,
floating him through the opening in the craft and back to the pier. His
legs collapsed when he touched the ground. Parker was standing
rigidly with a look of terror on his face. Hickson shook Parker and
they watched the craft and blue light shoot straight up emitting a
whistling sound and quickly disappear.
Aftermath: Next day Hickson suffered bleeding from his left arm
where the being had grasped him, and later he had nightmares. Parker
suffered a nervous breakdown. Over the past 20 years Hickson has
had an obsession about the encounter and its meaning, leading him
to attend UFO conferences as a speaker and observer. He has reported
follow-up communications and encounters. 33
CASE 73-2 (x + * )
Name/Date/Location: "Gabriella Versacci," 33; October 16, 1973;
Langford Budville, Somerset, UK
Preliminary: After 10:30 P.M. Gabriella drove to visit a sick friend in
Wellington. On a country lane she saw a bright light ahead and her
car lost power. The headlights flickered, dimmed, and cut out, then
the engine sputtered and stopped. As she looked under the hood she
heard a humming sound that grew louder.
Initial activities: As she started to reenter the car, a robot-like being
appeared and put a hand on her shoulder, pressing her down. She saw
flashing colored lights and blacked out. When Versacci came to, she
was standing in a field with the "robot" next to her and the craft in
front of them. She blacked out again.
Craft/Beings: The being was tall and dark-colored and appeared
metallic as light from the object in the field reflected off it. The craft
was silver-gray and dome-shaped, about 40 ft. (12 m) in diameter,
resting on thick legs. Yellow light came from oblong windows around
the middle. On board were three humanoid beings. They were about
5 ft. 6 in. to 5 ft. 8 in. (about 1. 7 m) tall, wore skullcaps, and had
masks across their faces so that only their round eyes showed. They
wore light-blue tunics, long gloves to the elbows, and aprons down to
their feet. As they worked they made no sound or respiratory noises.
The main examiner had five fingers on each hand.
Onboard features: Circular room with a table in the center, a cold atmosphere. An array of equipment on the wall and a console with buttons and dials. The floor appeared to be covered with black rubber
matting.
Onboard activities: Versacci woke up strapped to a table with a cold
surface, legs spread-eagled and her clothes gone. A light blue blanket
had been placed over her. The "robot" stood inactive against a far
wall. Three beings approached the table and examined her. The main
examiner stood at the foot of the table and used gray-colored instruments one by one. He took a fingernail paring from her right index
finger, a blood sample, and passed a small handheld device over her
body that glowed brighter or dimmer in various locations. He removed the blanket and performed some gynecological procedures,
once using a suction device. He then covered her with a black blanket. All three humanoids left the room at once. After a while one returned, inserted a pin in her thigh that paralyzed and numbed her,
climbed on top of her and apparently had sexual intercourse with her.
Then he left the room.
Communication: When the examiner noticed her glances at the "robot," he spoke to her in perfect English explaining that it was a retriever device that performed manual tasks outside the craft.
Termination/Return: The three men came back into the room, and one
removed the pin from her thigh while the other two folded the blanket and placed it on the floor by the console. They removed the restraining bands from her wrists and ankles and lifted her off the table.
Versacci saw her clothes on the floor by the robot, and then passed
out again. When she regained consciousness she was standing fully
clothed next to her car on the deserted country road, dazed and
shocked. She climbed into the car and was able to start up the engine
with no problem. She did not remember the drive home, and arrived
at 2:30A.M.
Aftermath: Versacci and her husband vowed never to relate the story
to anyone, and did keep it secret for four years. Finally her curiosity
and search for knowledge led her to explore the case with a UFO investigator. 34
CASE 73-3 (x  * )
Name/Date/Location: Mrs. Patty Roach and four children, especially
Bonnie, age 12-13, and Debbie, 6; October 16-17, 1973; Lehi, UT
Preliminary: Mrs. Roach, a divorced mother of seven children, was
moving into a new house and fell asleep on the couch. Her youngest
boy sleeping beside her awoke and screamed that he saw a skeleton.
She thought she saw an intruder, and heard the family cat and neighborhood dogs acting up, so called the police at 12:10 A.M. They
searched unsuccessfully for a prowler. Bonnie and Debbie then said
the prowlers really were spacemen, and Debbie described the interior
of a spaceship. Mrs. Roach remembered seeing a bright light outside
prior to falling asleep.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis Mrs. Roach recalled that she awakened to see a bright light shining on her and her youngest son floating away while two beings stood nearby. These beings held her by the
upper arms and drew her out of the house. Other beings escorted the
three struggling children. They floated through a hatch.
Craft/Beings: The craft waited hidden in a nearby field. Mrs. Roach
did not describe the exterior, but inside was a round, bright room,
with stars visible through a window near the top. The beings were just
over 4ft. (1.2 m) tall and skinny, their faces masklike and white with
large elongated eyes and a straight mouth. They wore luminous uniforms with Sam Brown belts, gloves, and helmet-like headgear. They
had long arms with three-fingered, clawlike hands and small thumbs.
Onboard features: The room contained machines like computers, a
clocklike device, glass cases full of liquid, and a floating table. A human male about 55 years old, balding and wearing glasses, assisted
the beings. Debbie described an Indian girl in a long dress on board.
Onboard activities: Efficient in their work, the beings treated Mrs.
Roach like a specimen. She undressed and laid on the table while
wires were attached to one leg and arm. A gynecological examination
followed, including insertion of a needle into her abdomen without
pain. Another needle was inserted in her head to "take her thoughts,"
a process she resented but could not resist. Bonnie recalled watching
a group of beings and a human male as they stood around a table
where her naked mother lay. The Indian girl placed Debbie on some
kind of machine, and Debbie recalled a line of people waiting to get
on a floating table.
Communication: At the onset a being asked Debbie her name and assured her she would not be sick anymore. The beings questioned Mrs.
Roach about what she loved and hated, and she understood that they
had urgent need to understand human thoughts and emotions. The
human was kind but seemed deceptive, and tried to trick her into believing she had taken a ride in the craft.
Termination/Return: The beings wiped her with a cloth and returned
her clothes, but refused to answer questions about the safety of her
children. They were back in the house before the beings grasped her
arms and floated her back onto the couch. The beings placed the children in different places from before and departed by the time Mrs.
Roach and her son awoke with fragmentary memories.
Aftermath: Debbie was sick just after the police left, but she no longer
suffered any chronic illness. Mrs. Roach and Bonnie found pinpricks
on their upper arms that healed within a few days. Nearly two years
passed before Mrs. Roach began to explore this experience, after reading a magazine article about a UFO encounter in 1975.35
CASE 73-4 (*  )
Name/Date/Location: Dionisio Llanca, 25; October 28, 1973; near
Bahia Blanca, Argentina
Preliminary: Llanca was changing a tire along a deserted road at 1:15
A.M. when he became aware of a yellow and blue light behind him and
three human-like beings. He felt weak and barely able to move.
Initial activities: One of the beings pulled him to his feet and a second
one drew a blood sample from his finger with a device that resembled
an electric razor. Afterward the witness lost consciousness.
Craft/Beings: The beings were associated with a plate-shaped object.
They were two men and a woman, between 5 ft. 6 in. and 5 ft. 8 in.
(about l. 7 m) tall. They had blondish hair, wide foreheads, and elongated eyes. They were dressed in gray, tight-fitting clothing, yellow
footwear, and gloves.
Onboard features: Under hypnosis and sodium pentothal Llanca recalled being transported onto the hovering craft via a light beam. He
saw a room with a window and various instruments, including a
screen showing a display of stars.
Onboard activities: The beings spoke among themselves in a
"squeaky" language resembling the sound of buzzing bees.
Communication: A technical device communicated with him in Spanish, or by telepathy, to reassure him and tell him that they had been
coming to earth since 1950. He was chosen for contact because he was
simple and good. They warned that the current course of mankind
would lead to cataclysm. Later, they said, they would come back and
take him with them.
Termination/Return: He regained consciousness about 2 to 3 A.M.
some 10 km (6 miles) away from where his truck was. He wandered
around with no memory of his own identity until a passerby took him
to a hospital, where he remained for several days.
Aftermath: Llanca subsequently had nightmares and severe anxiety,
followed by personality changes. He changed jobs frequently and finally dropped out of the workforce, became engaged to be married,
then cut off all contact with his fiancee. His parents rejected him, and,
according to a report in Flying Saucer Review, he eventually went to
jail after being convicted of swindling. Afterward there were rumors
that he had fabricated the story to sell a book, and that the doctors
were party to the hoax (which seems very unlikely). 36
CASE 73-5 ()
Name/Date/Location: Mrs. Lyndia Morel, 20; November 2, 1973; near
Goffstown, NH
Preliminary: A starlike object paced the witness as she drove at 3:30
A.M. As the object neared, it grew into an orange sphere and hovered
low ahead of her.
Initial activities: A being looked at her through a window in the craft
and she felt paralyzed by the huge eyes, unable to look away. A brief
period of unconsciousness or missing time may have occurred.
Craft/Beings: Spherical craft with a honeycomb structure across its
surface and an oval window. The being had a large egg-shaped head
with grayish, wrinkled skin and no hair, a slitlike mouth, and large
egg-shaped eyes that slanted upward and had dark pupils. Under
hypnosis she added that the being was her own height and dressed
in dark clothes. She felt uneasy even though the being seemed
kindly.
Onboard activities: She had no memories of boarding the ship, nor did
hypnosis reveal anything that happened during the time lapse.
Communication: She heard a whistling sound and a voice in her head
told her not to be afraid. She believed the being probed her mind.
Termination/Return: She next found herself driving at high speed at a
point% of a mile (1.2 km) from where she had been, while the object
drew the car like a magnet. She pulled off into the nearest yard and
threw off an attacking dog with extraordinary force as she ran to a
house to escape. The entire encounter lasted perhaps half an hour.
Aftermath: She suffered eye irritation and felt that someone watched
her, but never again experienced chronic pain. 37
CASE 74-1 (x + * o )
Name/Date/Location: Carl Higdon, 40; October 25, 1974; Rawlins,
WY
Preliminary: While hunting in Medicine Bow National Forest, Higdon
entered an area where he heard no animals but saw five motionless
elk. He shot at the bull elk, but the bullet dropped to the ground
about 50 ft. (15m) away as if it had struck a wall.
Initial activities: A twig snapped and Higdon saw a human-like being
about 6ft. 2 in. (1.8+ m) tall standing in the shade of a tree. The man
spoke, barely moving his lips, and said his name was "Ausso." He offered Higdon a package of four capsules supposed to be food pills.
Higdon swallowed them without resistance, and then agreed to go
with "Ausso." The being pointed his arm and Higdon found himself
on board a craft.
Craft/Beings: The being's face appeared chinless and he had only three
teeth each in his upper and lower jaws, a flat nose, no visible ears, thin
bristling hair on top. He was bow-legged and no hands were visible.
His right arm ended in a cone-shaped device that Higdon took to be
a gun. The being wore a black coverall, black shoes, belts across his
chest and another around the waist, which had a starlike emblem as a
buckle and a small apron-like flap underneath. He never allowed Higdon to come too near him or to see him from the side or rear.
Onboard features: Transparent cubicle, four seats, a control panel, a
mirror, and a symbol thought to be a map of some kind. The five elk
stood frozen in a cage behind him and another being like "Ausso" was
in the small room, estimated 5 ft. by 7 ft. (1.5 m by 2+ m) and 7 ft.
(2+ m) high.
Onboard activities: Higdon found himself with a helmet on his head,
strapped to a chair in a cubicle. When "Ausso" pointed his arm at the
controls, the cubicle began to move and Higdon saw the earth as a
round ball. The cubicle landed almost instantaneously on another
planet. It was dark, and they landed near a tower with a flashing light
so brilliant that it hurt Higdon's eyes. The tower was conical, like a
Christmas tree, about 100ft. tall and made a buzzing sound.
Otherworldly environment: A plaza surrounded the tower, and five
human-like beings (a middle-aged man, a young girl, two teenage
girls, and a teenage boy) were standing conversing, apparently unaffected by the blinding light. The second being disappeared when they
landed. "Ausso" floated out with Higdon into the tower and up an elevator. They entered a room where Higdon stood on a platform while
a shieldlike device moved out of the wall, positioned itself in front of
him for several minutes, then retracted into the wall.
Communication: The being identified himself as "Ausso," apparently
communicated to Higdon that the capsules were food and instructed
him to ingest them. In the otherworldly environment, after the device
appeared to examine him, Higdon was told that he was not what they
needed and that they would take him back. At various times during
the encounter, Higdon was told that they came 163,000 "light miles"
using gravity/levitation propulsion to explore the earth and find animals to breed for food. "Ausso" spoke of a different sun, and seas on
their planet that were inadequate for supporting life. While on earth
"Ausso" avoided direct sunlight because of potential sunburn damage.
Termination/Return: After the examination, they reentered the cubicle
and "Ausso" returned Higdon's rifle. He also pointed his "gun" and
floated the package of capsules out of Higdon's pocket. Higdon next
found himself standing on a rocky slope back in Wyoming. He fell and
injured himself before finding his truck in a place some distance from
where he had left it, and in terrain too rough for him to drive out of. It
was 6:00 to 6:30 P.M.; a rescue party found him at 11:30 P.M.
Aftermath: Higdon was confused and disoriented, barely able to recognize his wife or where he was. He was very sensitive to touch and
light. His eyes were red and watery, and he had no appetite. He was
hospitalized at 2:30 A.M., on October 26. The following morning he
had a ravenous appetite. While in the hospital he began relating his
experience. For a while he had a problem with equilibrium. Later his
TB scars no longer were visible on X-rays and he no longer suffered
from kidney stones. Higdon speculated that he was rejected either because he was too old or his vasectomy had made him unsuitable. 38
CASE 74-2 (x + *  )
Name/Date/Location: john Day, 32, Sue Day, 28 ("John and Elaine
Avis") and their three children; October 27, 1974; Aveley, Essex, UK.
Preliminary: Family left at 9:50 P.M. for 20-minute drive home. An
oval light maneuvered overhead and disappeared. The car radio crackled and smoked, and the car entered a dense bank of green "fog" that
was luminous, cold, and silent. They lost conscious memory.
Initial activities: The parents had only spotty memory of what happened inside the "fog." A white shaft of light shone through the "fog"
and struck the car, which then was lifted upward into a craft. Both remember standing on a balcony and looking down on a car and some
people, and felt they were looking at themselves. Some beings took
them to an examination room.
Craft/Beings: Large oval craft with three levels on the interior. Two
kinds of beings. One kind was over 6ft. (1.8 m) tall and human-like,
except for pink eyes, no visible nose or mouth (perhaps concealed),
pale skin, and no hair. They had three fingers and apparently jointless
limbs. They wore coveralls that covered their hands and formed a
hood over their heads. Outside the craft they wore helmets with visors. They walked with short, graceful steps as they escorted the family around, and seemed to be in charge. One who was about 2 in. (5
em) taller than the others seemed to be the leader. He also wore a belt.
The other beings were about 4 ft. (1.2 m) tall humanoids with bat- or
owllike faces, large slanted eyes, and large pointed ears. The mouth
was a slit, the nose beaklike. The hands had four clawlike digits. The
beings had short fur on all exposed portions of their bodies. They
moved awkwardly and served solely as examiners. When the tall beings approached, the short ones stepped back. They made humming
and chirping sounds.
Onboard features: At the bottom of the craft was a large, oval hangarlike room with girders visible on the walls. The middle level contained the examination room and other functional rooms, each oval
and connected by tunnels, and the propulsion system, part of which
was a blue sphere. The upper level was the control room, oval, about
30ft. by 40ft. (9 m by 12m). The examination room had tables, and
various instruments including a square grid on an arm that descended
from the ceiling. There was also a corridor; a "lounge"; a "laboratory";
tunnels; an apparent bedroom; an elevator-like tube that led to a control room; a couch, pictures flashing on a screen, including star maps.
The rooms were uniformly illuminated by a light source in the walls.
Doors opened out of seemingly solid walls.
Onboard activities: john woke up lying paralyzed on a table. The overhead device descended and seemed to scan his body, giving him a
warm and tingling sensation. Some taller beings stood off to the side
as two small beings examined him with a penlike instrument. Sue
found herself strapped to a table where she was examined by two
small beings using penlike instruments and making humming sounds
as they worked. john and Sue were given separate tours of the craft,
moving through various corridors and tunnels. In one room John reclined on a couch and watched pictures and star maps flashing rapidly on a screen. In another room he was shown what looked like a
hologram showing the destruction of earth through misuse. Sue was
shown the control room and also saw a screen displaying the solar
system and earth, and many pictures and maps in rapid succession.
Both were shown, and touched, a glowing sphere that seemed very
important to the beings.
Communication: The leader communicated with them via telepathy.
He gave extensive answers to questions. At one point he had another
being play relaxing music for Sue, explaining that this person's talent
was music. He told her that her children were safe. He said that they
had no children, reproducing instead through human beings. He told
her that the examiners were more afraid of her than she was of them.
When John complained that the pictures on the screen were moving
too fast, the leader assured him that he would remember them all. He
explained the propulsion system to them. A blue sphere was part of
the "ion drive" system. Within the earth's atmosphere they used a
magnetic drive, which also provided a weapon and gave the craft
"stealth" capability, causing it to become invisible. He said they had
bases under the sea and used ley lines for navigation. He hinted at a
symbiotic relationship between them and humans, and that humans
were their children. At the conclusion of the encounter he told them
it was time to go, but said they would meet again.
Termination/Return: Both lost consciousness, but Sue retained partial
memories of being escorted back to the car in the hangar-like area.
They partially regained consciousness in the car, which shuddered
and began moving. Both felt a jolt, the "fog" was gone, and they became fully conscious driving along in the car, which was operating
normally. They arrived home at 1:00 A.M., a little over three hours
later than expected.
Aftermath: Dreams began to reveal the missing time, and further details came out under questioning during interviews. Only John underwent hypnosis with Sue as an observer. He recalled a former life
and the missing three hours. His recall triggered Sue's so she was able
to describe her onboard experiences without hypnosis. The car malfunctioned, and within a few months broke down completely. Three
different cars followed them for several months, and John experienced some peculiar "police" harassment. They experienced poltergeist activity, objects levitating and crashing, peculiar sights and
sounds. John and Sue both underwent major personality changes.
john had a nervous breakdown two months after the encounter and
did not work until the following September. He changed to more satisfying jobs and began writing poetry. Sue went to college. They gave
up meat, tobacco, and alcohoP9
CASE 75-1 (x +  )
Name/Date/Location: Sgt. Charles L. Moody, 30s; August 13, 1975;
Alamogordo, NM
Preliminary: Moody, an Air Force noncommissioned officer, had
driven into the desert to watch the Perseid meteor shower. As he
stood by his car at 1:15 A.M., a luminous object descended with a wobbling motion to a low altitude and moved toward him. He tried to
start his car, but was unsuccessful.
Initial activities: The object hovered about 70 ft. (21 m) away, emitting a humming sound. The shadowy forms of several beings were visible through a large window. The sound stopped, a numbness came
over him, and a time lapse followed. About two weeks after the encounter Moody spontaneously recalled what happened. A light engulfed the car, and then the numbness began. Two beings glided toward the car and tried to open the door. The witness swung open the
door, striking one of the beings, then he struck the other with his fist.
Total paralysis followed.
Craft/Beings: Three rounded structures visible on underside of craft.
Thin humanoids with large heads, no hair, small noses and ears, graywhite skin, large round eyes under a protruding brow. The mouths were
small with no lips and never moved. The beings who took Moody on
board were about 6ft. (1.8 m) tall, but the apparent leader on board was
not quite 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall and wore tight white clothing, whereas the
other crewmembers wore skintight black clothing.
Onboard features: White domed room lighted by indirect light, table.
Elevator down to "engine room," where Moody saw a large rod and
three hemispherical crystalline objects with rods or bars. The room
was about 25ft. (7.5 m) across and seemed too large for the exterior
appearance of the craft. The room had "rafters," and a black box that
seemed to be a weapon. The air on board had a "burned-sugar" smell,
and it was difficult to breathe.
Onboard activities: Moody regained consciousness and found himself
lying on a table, totally paralyzed. A rodlike device was touched to his
back and he recovered his feeling and mobility, and some injuries sustained during the initial struggle seemed to be repaired. The being
helped him off the table. At his request, he was given a tour of the
room containing the propulsion system and was taken down in an elevator. Afterward they went back up in the elevator.
Communication: When Moody awoke on the table, the being promised him more mobility if he would refrain from further violence.
Though stern in appearance, the "leader" was gentle and reassuring.
He conversed with Moody by telepathy, telling him that they would
return within three years and make themselves known to mankind.
He called Moody by his proper name and referred to him as "my son."
During the "engine room" tour the leader told him they came from a
mother ship, and that they could be harmed by earth weapons but
would defend themselves. Some questions he refused to answer.
Moody was told that it was time to go and that he should not remember the purpose of the black box. He was instructed to forget
everything for two weeks and to visit a doctor.
Termination/Return: The being placed his hands on Moody's head
causing him to lose consciousness. His next memory was of sitting in
his car and watching the craft take off and disappear.
Aftermath: Moody reached home at 3:00 A.M. and went to work the
next day with a sore back. The condition persisted for a week or more,
and a rash appeared on his back. He began to have fragmentary memories, then his full memory returned by October 6.40
CASE 75-2 (x + )
Name/Date/Location: Sandra Larson, with teenage daughter, .male
friend; August 26, 1975; Fargo, ND
Preliminary: Driving car at 4:00A.M., flight of glowing objects angled
toward ground, time lapse.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis recalled large hovering object drawing car toward it. Daughter remained outside, immobilized.
Craft/Beings: A 6-ft.-tall being (1.8 m) with large glaring eyes, face
wrapped as if with bandages, apparently mechanical arms performed
examination.
Onboard features: Exam table, instruments.
Onboard activities: Larson, strapped to table, man examined by X-raylike instrument; probe inserted in her nose, seemed like her head was
opened.
Communication: None reported.
Termination/Return: Floated back to the car. Consciousness returned
as they saw lights fly away.
Aftermath: On December 2 Larson awoke to find two beings standing
by her bed. They floated her through solid wall onto a craft, flew her
to a barren planet where she conversed with a being. Advised to tell
no one about her encounters. Flown home and back into bed. Awoke
feeling dirty; apparitions appeared in house:U
CASE 75-3 (x   )
Name/Date/Location: David Stephens, 21, and "Glen," 18; October
27, 1975; Tripp Pond, ME
Preliminary: After hearing an explosion, witnesses drove to a nearby
lake at about 2:30 A.M. The car turned as if of its own accord onto a
road that seemed unusually smooth. A herd of cows lay on the
ground, but no traffic or other moving thing appeared. Two lights rose
soundlessly from a corn field and, as they neared, enlarged into a craft.
It followed the car, then shone a brilliant light beam on it; the car
skidded sideways and the men lost consciousness.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis Stephens remembered standing outside the car while "Glen" remained inside. A humanoid being met
Stephens and escorted him to a hospital-like room.
Craft/Beings: The craft was large and cylindrical with many lights of
various colors. The beings were about 4~ ft. (1.4 m) tall and had large
hairless heads, large slanted and unblinking eyes, small noses, and no
ears or mouths. Their skin was white and seemed harder than human
skin. They had four webbed fingers and wore black garments.
Onboard features: Stephens saw two rooms: one was domed with
curving walls and a shiny floor, the other (hospital-like) room had
gray walls, a shiny floor, and bright lights overhead. The latter had an
"operating table" and equipment, felt cool, and had a burnt smell.
Onboard activities: Four beings drew two tubes of blood from
Stephens's arm, took trimmings of his hair and nails. He refused to undress and struck one of the beings, who appeared neither hurt nor angry. He then gave in without further resistance and felt no fear as the
beings undressed him. While lying on the table, a device scanned his
body for 40-45 minutes. Finally, they gave him an injection in the
shoulder.
Communication: After the examination Stephens got dressed and
communicated with the beings. The original being reassured him that
he would not be harmed. They communicated by "brain waves" and
said that they had observed him for some time, and would meet with
him again. They refused to answer questions about themselves.
Termination/Return: After the shoulder injection, they led Stephens
back to the first room. He next recalled being back in the car with
"Glen." They were driving away from the corn field while the UFO
continued to follow them. They again lost control of the car as it
stopped in a field, its engine and radio dead. The main UFO and two
additional disks remained in sight, maneuvering until a fog hid them.
Around 6:30 A.M. the large UFO seemed to suck up the fog and fly
away. The car then became operational again.
Aftermath: When the men arrived home, they felt cold, sore, and
lightheaded. They lacked balance and coordination, and their eyes
burned and had a notable orange discoloration that persisted for three
days. Stephens experienced intense thirst and both men slept soundly.
Hallucinations and poltergeist-like activity troubled them for the next
few days, and a stocky man warned Stephens not to talk about the experience. Even when hypnotized he resisted revealing when the beings would return. Investigation began October 28, and hypnosis sessions followed between December 1975 and March 1976. 42
CASE 75-4 (x + * )
Name/Date/Location: Travis Walton, 22; November 5, 1975; near
Heber, AZ
Preliminary: Walton and six other members of a logging crew were
driving back to town from the Apache-Sitgraves National Forest after
work. When they saw a UFO hovering, the driver stopped the truck
and Walton ran toward the object and stood nearly underneath it. He
heard various sounds coming from the craft. As the object began wobbling and the sounds grew louder, Walton started to flee, but a beam
of light struck him in the head and chest, numbing him and knocking him to the ground. The driver drove off in a panic. The logging
crew later returned but could find no trace of Walton, who was missing for five days.
Initial activities: Walton awoke on board a craft lying on a table in a
room with three humanoid beings. He felt intense pain in his head
and chest, and had a strong thirst and a metallic taste in his mouth.
The air was heavy and humid. He was on a table with his shirt and
jacket pushed up around his chest and a plastic, rocker-shaped device
curved around his rib cage.
Craft/Beings: Craft was a disc about 15-20 feet (4.5-6 meters) in diameter with a small dome on top. The body had glowing yellow pan-
548
Travis Walton, 1975 abductee, with his wife
(Photo: Mutual UFO Network).
The UFO Evidence, Volume II
els of light divided by dark strips. Three humanoid beings with large
hairless heads, large catlike eyes that blinked occasionally, thin lips,
tiny ears and noses, and slender jaw. They were just under 5 ft. (1.5
m) tall and appeared frail, with soft marshmallow-like skin and no
visible muscles. They wore orange-brown coveralls and pinkish-tan
footwear. Later Walton encountered a 6ft. 2 in.-tall (1.8+ m) person
who appeared entirely human, dressed in a light jumpsuit and helmet
like an astronaut.
Onboard features: The initial room was wedge-shaped and hospitallike, lighted by a rectangular fluorescent panel. The walls were seamless metal. When Walton fled that room he went along a curving corridor to a round, domed room with a chair in the middle that had
controls in the arms.
Onboard activities: Frightened by the appearance of the beings, Walton struck one and rose to his feet. He grabbed a cylindrical device
and threatened the advancing beings. They turned silently and left the
room through an open door. After the beings left the examination
room, Walton fled to a domed room. As he approached the chair the
room darkened and he saw stars through the apparent "walls" of the
room. He sat down and manipulated the controls until he found one
lever that made the stars move. Fearing the consequences, he left the
chair. At that point the human-appearing person entered and gestured
for Walton to follow him. They walked through a corridor to a small
room where a door slid open. They entered a huge, hangar-like room
brightly lighted by panels of light in a checkerboard pattern. Here the
air was fresh and cool. They walked down a ramp, exiting the craft,
which was about three times larger than the one he had seen originally, and passed through a long corridor to a white room that had a
table and chair, illuminated by fluorescent panels. Two humanappearing men and a woman silently forced him onto the table and
placed a device like an oxygen mask on his face, and he lost consciousness.
Communication: None reported. In the final room with the two men
and the woman, Walton tried to question them, but they didn't reply.
Termination/Return: When Walton regained consciousness he found
himself lying by a road and he saw a hatch close on a silvery craft just
before it shot straight up and disappeared. He walked to Heber and
contacted relatives about midnight.
Aftermath: Walton lost 10 pounds during the experience, and drank
a lot of water on his first night back at home. He experienced some
nausea. Later hypnosis sharpened some of his conscious memories
but failed to account for the balance of time that he was missing. Under hypnosis he recalled receiving a warning from the beings that he
would die if anyone probed the hidden portion of his experience. 43
CASE 76-1 (x + )
Name/Date/Location: Louise Smith, 44; Mona Stafford, 36; Elaine
Thomas, 48; january 6, 1976; near Stanford, KY
Preliminary: Witnesses had dined out and were driving home at about
11:15 P.M. A craftlike object descended and hovered ahead of the car.
It then maneuvered behind the car and illuminated it with a brilliant
light, at which point the driver lost control of the car as it accelerated
to high speed. They felt a burning sensation in their eyes and a pain
in the top of their heads. They saw a straight, wide, unlighted roadway ahead, and then lost consciousness.
Initial activities: Their last conscious memory was of the car being in
a pasture by a stone wall. Stafford, under hypnosis, remembered being taken from the car to an unfamiliar environment.
Craft/Beings: Huge grayish domed disc with rounded windows and
blinking red lights around the rim, other lights on the underside. It
rocked back and forth as it hovered, and flipped on end as it circled
behind the car. Under hypnosis, the 4-5 beings on board were described as about 4-5 ft. (about 1.4 m) tall, masked, with large eyes
and gray skin, and wearing either dark, tight-fitting clothing with
hoods or white "surgical" garments.
Onboard features: A white "bed," eyelike examining device.
Onboard activities: All experienced uncomfortable, confining, and
painful procedures that were performed on them, including extreme
manipulation of their limbs.
Termination/Return: The witnesses regained consciousness while
driving home and arrived at about 1:25 A.M.
Aftermath: They felt a burning sensation and had burn marks for
weeks, had eye inflammation and excessive thirst. They also experienced abrupt weight losses. Smith's watch, car, and alarm clocks malfunctioned. Thomas died in 1978.44
CASE 76-2 (x + * )
Name/Date/Location: Herminio and Bianca Reis, 30s; january 21,
1976; Matles-Barbosa, Brazil
Preliminary: While driving on the Rio dejaneiro-Belo Horizonte highway at about 11:30 P.M., the couple became tired and stopped to rest.
He fell asleep and was awakened when she screamed as a bright bluish
light illuminated the area.
Initial activities: Their Volkswagen was lifted up as if through a chimney.
Craft/Beings: Exterior not seen. Beings were dark, about two meters
tall. More beings were encountered on board, including a tall, darkhaired woman with clear eyes.
Onboard features: They found themselves in a brightly lighted circular area. Two beings approached and gestured for them to get out of
the car. They were escorted up a staircase into a large room full of instruments.
Onboard activities: They were given headsets, and one of the beings
also donned a headset and plugged them into a computer-like machine. Bianca was examined (skin, ears, and eyes) and placed in a
boxlike device that glowed red like a grill. She felt a shock and lost
consciousness for a while. Then she was placed on something that
conformed to the shape of her body. Both were given a green liquid to
drink, which they said tasted like a mixture of sugar and iodine.
Communication: Initially spoke in an unintelligible language. Via the
headsets they communicated in Portuguese. The being said, "My
name is Karen, calm down." After the examinations the beings said
they were performing medical research, that they had conquered the
"disease" of old age, and there was no death in their world.
Aftermath: The beings gave Bianca a technological device and she
later claimed to still be in communication with Karen via the device. iS
CASE 76-3 (x )
Name/Date/Location: Helene Giuliana, 20; June 11, 1976; Le Martinet, near Hostun, Drome, France
Preliminary: While driving home on National Route 531 at about 1:15
A.M. Giuliana's car slowed as if out of gas, the engine failed, and the
lights went out. A strange red-orange object was visible on the road
ahead. She locked the car doors and put her hands over her eyes. After a while she looked again and the object was gone. She was able to
start the car without difficulty and drove home, arriving at 4:00 A.M.
and unable to account for about 2~ hours of missing time.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis in July and August Giuliana recalled
an encounter with humanoid beings who approached, opened her car
door, and took her on board their craft.
Craft/Beings: Red-orange dome-shaped craft, three legs, blinking
lights on underside. Two "dwarfs" with large eyes wearing dark coveralls.
Onboard features: Round room with a high ceiling and a table.
Onboard activities: She was placed on a table with restraints on hands
and feet. A cloth was placed over her forehead. One of the beings
traced circles on her body with a boxlike device resembling a flashlight. She blacked out.
Communication: Not mentioned.
Termination/Return: After blacking out on the table, Giuliana's next
memory was of being outside, looking at the underside of the craft. 6
CASE 77-1 (x)
Name/Date/Location: Lee Parrish, 19;January 27, 1977; Prospect, KY
Preliminary: Driving home at 1:05 A.M., Parrish felt compelled to look
at UFO above trees. Radio failed, steering control lost. Missing time
period.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis recalled his Jeep suspended in air
and being transported out of it without the door opening. Recalled
pain in his eyes from looking at the UFO.
Craft/Beings: Rectangular craft about 4:1 ratio length to width, sunset
colors (presumably reddish). Three rectangular robotic-appearing entities recalled under hypnosis, the largest (15-20 ft./4.5-6.0 m tall)
was black, another (about 6 ft./1.8 m tall) was white, and the third
and smallest was red. The black and red ones had arms and moved
slowly, with no visible legs.
Onboard features: A circular room, luminous white.
Onboard activities: Black and red beings touched witness on back,
head, and shoulder, causing a painfully cold and stinging sensation.
The two smaller entities merged into the largest one, which then
backed off and disappeared.
Communication: Parrish sensed that the entities were interested in his
chemical makeup, that the white one was the leader, and that the red
one was afraid to touch him.
Termination/Return: Was somehow returned to jeep.47
CASE 77-2 (x +  )
Name/Date/Location: "Rachel jones"; june 20-21, 1977; Coeur d'
Alene, lD
Preliminary: ''jones" awoke at 11:55 P.M. hearing someone coming up
the stairs and felt paralyzed. She saw a figure in the room, felt herself
lifted, then in what seemed like an instant later was fully awake and
ran to another room to look out the window. She then discovered that
the time was 1:57 A.M.
Initial activities: A being carried her through a door (craft?) into a
chamber where there were three other beings, one human-like. The
floor was cold.
Craft/Beings: No definite craft observed. Under hypnosis she recalled
an ugly humanoid being standing in the room. He had no eye pupils,
flat ears, thin line for a mouth, normal nose, and thin hair. The hands
had four fingers, no thumb. His upper garment was inscribed with a
triangle or boomerang-like symbol.
Onboard features: A square examination room with rounded corners,
walls like brushed aluminum, illuminated without visible light
sources. A large wheellike device was in the center of the room, and
instruments on wires or tubes dangled from a wheel in the ceiling.
There was a boxlike table.
Onboard activities: She sat at the table, where the being wanted her to
remove her shirt. At first she resisted, but finally complied. She lay on
her stomach while a light was shone on her back and a burning liquid was placed on her shoulder. She protested the pain, and the being
caused it to stop. After a gap in memory, she recalled sitting up with
her shirt back on. After some communication, the door opened and
three other beings entered.
Communication: Telepathic. The being said his name was "Shovar." He
inquired about her suntan. When the liquid on her shoulder caused
pain, he apologized and told her it would stop, and it did. After the examination he told her that they had changed her in a way that would
make her "better for others." He said they had met before and would
meet again; they would know how to find her. When she asked their
purpose, he replied that it was not the time to answer that question.
Termination/Return: Soon after the three beings entered the room, she
suddenly found herself sitting up in bed with no recollection of how
she got there.
Aftermath: She suffered headaches for several days and found a small
round scar on her shoulder. The following week while on an airline
flight, she saw flashes in the clouds and interpreted them as a greeting without knowing why. 48
CASE 78-1 (x + * )
Name/Date/Location: William]. Herrmann, 25; March 18, 1978; Summerville, SC
Preliminary: Herrmann sighted a silvery disc at 9:15P.M. from marshy
ground near the river. The object rushed at him and he was enclosed
in a tubular beam of blue light from the craft. He became disoriented
and numb and lost consciousness.
Craft/Beings: Silvery disc about 60 ft. (18 m) in diameter. Humanoids
4-5 ft. (1.2-1.5 m) tall with large hairless heads, small jaws and
mouths, slit nostrils, no visible ears. Eyes were twice as large as human eyes, reflective or glowing, and seldom blinked. The beings appeared frail and had pale, soft skin. Their clothing was red.
Onboardfeatures: Examination room with table, TV-like screen, flashing lights, curving hallway, another room with computers and other
machinery, and an "equilibrium manipulation" room with spherical
devices that were part of the propulsion system.
Onboard activities: Herrmann regained consciousness in a hospitallike room that was glowing with red light. His shirt was open and a
cold metallic box was on his chest. Three beings in the room looked
back and forth between him and a row of flashing lights and a TV
screen. His numbness went away and he was allowed to sit up. He was
led on a tour through other rooms, then back to the original "examination room." There he was again placed on the table and he felt that
information was being planted in his brain.
Communication: The beings communicated without moving their
mouths (telepathy?). A "leader" or spokesperson, who said they came
from Zeta Reticuli, reassured Herrmann and explained various parts
of the craft to him. He was told that the beings had been observing
earth for 50 years and maneuvered their ships in zigzag fashion to
avoid the harmful effects of radar. The "leader" said that if we continued our warlike ways, civilization on Earth would collapse.
Termination/Return: While the information was being implanted, the
"leader" told Herrmann that he would understand later. He passed out
again, and then found himself on the ground looking up at the departing craft. It was after midnight.
Aftermath: The experience remained vague and fragmentary until
hypnosis was performed, which clarified details of the experience.
Full memory returned about a year later. Herrmann had a similar experience almost exactly a year later.'9
CASE 78-2 ()
Name/Date/Location: Francisco Nunez, 66, and his son of the same
name, 24;july 6, 1978; Mendoza, Argentina
Preliminary: About 9:00 P.M., while driving south of the city, experienced a total change of environment and scenery. They found themselves driving at high speed on a five-lane highway surrounded by tall
buildings. The sky, which had been clear and starry, now appeared
red.
Initial activities: Under hypnosis they discovered that their car had
been levitated off the road, the engine failed, they were blinded by
brilliant red light and felt very cold.
Craft/Beings: None observed.
Otherworldly experience: They found themselves in a strange reddish
city with tall buildings joined to each other, and a wide, brightly
lighted avenue. There were no signs of life.
Termination/Return: Finally their car "landed" back on the highway
about 9 km (5.4 miles) beyond the point where the incident had begun; the engine restarted, and they drove home.
Aftermath: Both compulsively felt the need to wash the car, and
Nunez senior to take a bath. 50
CASE 79-1 (x + *  )
Name/Date/Location: Jocelino de Mattos, 21, and Roberto Carlos de
Mattos, 13; April 13, 1979; Jardim Alvorada, Maringa, Brazil
Preliminary: Walking home in remote area at 11:30 P.M., the brothers
saw a starlike object approach. As it did they heard an odd sound and
felt weak.
Initial activities: They turned and walked involuntarily toward a field,
heartbeat rapid and body feeling a chill, and collapsed under a tree,
losing consciousness. Under hypnosis, Jocelino recalled that someone
came and floated them up to the door of a craft.
Craft/Beings: No details.
Onboardfeatures: jocelino was led into a room with computers, then
another room with motors, a room with pictures or images on the
wall, and finally to a "medical room." Roberto was not present.
Onboard activities: The beings examinedjocelino on a table, taking a
sperm sample with a tubular device and placing it in a plastic package. Later instruments were attached to his head. A woman (not described) entered the room and he had sexual intercourse with her,
then she left.
Communication: The beings conversed among themselves in an unknown language, then told the Witness telepathically that they wanted
to study the earth and that they are peaceful. They referred to wars on
earth.
Termination/Return: They told jocelino it was time to go, and took
him to the door. They jumped out and floated him to the ground. He
then felt paralyzed as the beings forced him to lie down at the base of
the tree. As he regained consciousness he heard a voice saying that
they would return.
Aftermath: The brothers walked home with difficulty, arriving at 1:30
A.M. When they reached home, their legs felt weak and they collapsed.
Their mother and brothers came to their aid, and at first doubted their
story until they pointed out the "star" hovering silently above the
trees. As they stood talking, they felt a sudden shock and fell to the
ground, paralyzed. Then the "star" departed and they were able to
function normally. 51
CASE 79-2 (x *  )
Name/Date/Location: Antonio Carlos Ferreira; june 18, 1979; Mirassol, Sao Paulo State, Brazil
Preliminary: Returned home from night watchman job at 3:00 A.M.
and craft landed outside his house.
Initial activities: Beings entered house and paralyzed Ferreira with red
lights from boxes carried on their chests. He was floated with the beings to the craft.
Craft/Beings: Oval, metallic-gray craft about 2m (6.6 ft.) in diameter
landed on three legs. Three humanoid beings with boxes on their
chests and backs and insignia on their chests. On board the mother
ship were two types of beings: green-skinned humanoids with black
smooth hair, thin lips, thin noses, pointed ears, and large eyes, and
others that were similar but with chocolate-colored skin, red crinkly
hair, dark eyes, and thick lips. All were about 4 ft. tall and wore white
uniforms and gloves. One of the green beings seemed to be the leader.
Onboard features: Interior was bright red with light from no specific
source.
Onboard activities: Craft took off and Ferreira lost consciousness, except for vague recollections of a mother ship. Under hypnosis he recalled being on board the mother ship in a dark room with small
lights, panels, and luminous star maps. Through a window he saw the
earth, small and distant. Ten or 12 beings were in the room. Antonio
was laid on a couch in another dark room and a naked woman entered. She was human-like, 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall, large head, black slanting eyes, chocolate skin, thin lips, white teeth, and a narrow nose. She
had red hair and her skin was cold to the touch. Her breath smelled
foul.
Antonio resisted when they tried to undress him, but they used a
sharp-smelling chemical to weaken him and then tore off his clothes.
He resisted the woman's advances, but an injection numbed one arm
and the other arm was placed in a restraint. They spread an oily liquid over his body and he had sexual intercourse with the woman.
Afterward the beings spread oil over him again, removed the restraint,
and redressed him. When he became hungry they gave him a bad-tasting liquid, then ushered him into a dark room.
Communication: The beings spoke an unknown language among
themselves but communicated with him by telepathy. They reassured
him that he would suffer no harm and that he would be returned to
Earth. They were conducting experiments and would obtain a male
child from him, and they would return to show him the child.
Termination/Return: After being ushered into a dark room he was
transferred to the small craft and returned to his house.
Aftermath: Ferreira had burn marks, a puncture, and a persistent
prickly feeling. He lost his taste for coffee. His eyes began to burn 20
days later. His dog, who had also been paralyzed by the beings, went
off his feed and remained listless, except in the area of the landing,
where he showed fear. At an uncertain later date he reported that the
beings returned and showed him the child. He also reported several
other follow-up encounters. 52
CASE 79-3 (x )
Name/Date/Location: Lynda Jones, 36; August 19, 1979; Didsbury,
Manchester, UK
Preliminary: While hunting for wildflowers at about 7:30 P.M., Jones
and her two children, Dawn, 15, and Andrew, 5, saw a strange disclike
object in the sky racing toward them. As they crouched in the grass
and watched the object drop out of sight behind an embankment near
a river, they noticed that all normal sounds had ceased (both nature
sounds and the sound of traffic from a nearby highway).
Initial activities: Jones felt compelled to approach the site, at first
walking and then running to the top of the embankment. About 30
yards (27 m) away on the bank of the river was an object that struck
her as being, in some sense, "biblical." She felt drawn to the object,
and as she approached a light on top began to increase in brightness.
A rotating orange ball of light appeared from behind the object and
began to move toward her.
Craft/Beings: The object was about 60 ft. across, gray and crescentshaped, apparently made of lattice work; the ground was visible
through it. It was hovering about 2 ft. (0.6 m) off the ground, and
seemed to disappear, reappear, then disappear again. A bright white
light was visible on top. Dawn yelled at Jones to come back, and she
turned and they fled home. Under hypnosis Jones later recalled seeing a person standing by the object just before they fled. She had a
fragmentary recollection of being in a room and six beings dressed in
dark "motorbike suits" with high necks entering the room. They appeared "Oriental," with slanted eyes, very dark hair, and yellow/olive
skin. She felt that she knew one of them from an earlier encounter.
Onboard activities: After hypnosis she recalled being examined on a
table. They put something on her legs that felt like pieces of ice.
Whenever she tried to look at what they were doing, bright lights
were shone in her eyes.
Aftermath: When they reached home Jones's husband, Trevor, asked
her what was the matter with her eyes. Her skin was red and scaley
under her eyes. She noticed a period of about an hour of missing time.
Within a few weeks she told her doctor that her menstrual periods
had ceased. Strange marks appeared and disappeared on her body. She
passed some unusual material and when she showed it to her doctor,
he said that she had a miscarriage, though to her knowledge she had
not been pregnant. A gynecologist found scar tissue on her fallopian
tubes that did not conform to her known medical history. She also had
various other paranormal experiences in subsequent years.~3
1980s
CASE 80-1 (x  )
Name/Date/Location: Aino Ivanoff, 52; April 2, 1980; Pudasjarvi, Finland
Preliminary: Driving across a bridge on rural road at 1:15 A.M., Ivanoff
entered a strange fog, car headlights bent upward, stopped within
sight of a landed UFO. Most of the encounter story emerged under
hypnosis.
Initial activities: Taken into a room.
Craft/Beings: Craft was aluminum-colored with a dome and oval portholes. Three black-clad beings.
Onboard features: Metallic table.
Onboard activities: Examined by beings.
Communication: Received an antiwar message, and was told that the
beings were unable to reproduce.
Termination/Return: Left craft and drove home in persistent fog.
Aftermath: Found five small dots on her shoulder, suffered fatigue for
a week. 54
CASE 80-2 (x t *  )
Name/Date/Location: Meagan Elliott, 20s, and daughte; Renee; August 21, 1980; Eastern Texas
Preliminary: Elliott was driving home about midnight when her car
headlights and radio failed. The car was lifted off the road and levitated up to a hovering circular craft as the trees along the roadside
were whipped in the wind. The car entered an opening in the craft
and was deposited in a large round room.
Initial activities: Once on board, a small being approached and Elliott
was instructed to get out of the car. Her ears popped and a "fog" rolled
across the floor. At first she refused to get out, but the car door fell off
its hinges and she suddenly felt tranquilized.
Craft/Beings: Small putty-colored humanoid being with large, bald
head, oval unblinking eyes, no ears, broad nose, slit mouth. The being had a thin body, neck, and arms. The hands had four fingers, and
the limbs moved in an unjointed fashion, bending like wire.
Onboard features: Cold and foggy round room with tables, and instruments that were operated by two other beings. Scanning device on
an arm from the ceiling. Windows or screens with a pattern of stars,
another screen with changing colors.
Onboard activities: Elliott found herself undressed and on a table,
where she was held in place by metal clamps. Renee was on the table
beside her. An overhead scanning device descended and passed over
her with a clicking sound, and at one point the device inserted tiny
beads into Renee's nose and a needle into Elliott's navel. The probe
also sprayed a yellow mist on Renee. During the examination one being operated the control panels, another seemed to control the overhead device, and the third apparently looked out for the subjects'
well-being.
The table occasionally rose and fell, and Elliott felt a sense of acceleration. Some sort of liquid was also sprayed on her. At the conclusion of the examination the table tilted up vertically so that she
faced screens with star and color patterns. Then the restraining
clamps sank into the table. She took Renee to another room-white,
triangular, and containing a bed-where she found her clothes. They
stayed in this room for what seemed like two weeks, and food pellets
came from a tray in the wall at regular intervals. They also slept a
number of times.
Communication: When Elliott first came on board the craft a voice in
her head told her to take the child and get out of the car. She was told
to get on the table, and complied. When Elliott protested that Renee
was sick, a voice replied that she was no longer sick, and the mist was
sprayed on her. At one point the beings thanked Elliott for her helpfulness and offered to answer three questions. She asked about the
stars, but they promised to answer later. She asked why they did not
make themselves public, and they explained that open contact would
lead humans to destroy themselves. Finally she asked why they chose
her, and they said they chose people who were ready to accept advanced ideas. They said that they came from the same place she did,
and that she would return home, but her life would no longer be the
same.
Termination/Return: Elliott went through a hallway to another
rounded room and found her car there, the door back in place. As she
sat half-asleep the car was lowered back to the road and she drove
home.
Aftermath: An earache and rash that had troubled Renee cleared up
the next day. Elliott became unusually withdrawn and she lost
weight."
CASE 80-3 (x + * )
Name/Date/Location: "Michael" and "Mary"; November 19, 1980;
Longmont, CO
Preliminary: While driving home from Denver at 11:45 P.M., a beam of
blue light struck the car, loud whishing sound heard, car lights and radio failed, back wheels left pavement, and car rose into air at an angle.
Initial activities: A being beckoned for them to enter arched doorway.
"Michael" was floated inside.
Craft/Beings: Under hypnosis recalled hovering domed craft and luminous entryway, and humanoid with large head, gray skin, very long
and thin fingers, shiny golden garb with large collar. Strong "electrical" odor detected. Other beings on board, one of whom appeared to
be a leader.
Onboard features: Large room with control panels, luminous walls,
arches edged by orange glow, table seemingly made of gases that solidified.
Onboard activities: "Michael" had temporary feeling of peacefulness,
but missed "Mary" and became angry. The beings used silver bands to
restrain him. He sensed that one of the beings could read his
thoughts. A light like an inverted bowl floated above "Michael" on the
table, and melanoma spots on his legs seemed to burn. He heard
"Mary" scream, turned and saw her naked like himself across the
room with another being, her demeanor blank and zombie-like. He
heard a rustling sound and felt as if his entire memory had been
drawn out of his head. His memory returned shortly, but he sensed
that the beings put in some thoughts that had not been there before,
including knowledge that other dimensions exist.
Communication: None recalled.
Termination/Return: After the examinations "Mary" came to him and
he retrieved his clothing. They were allowed to leave the craft, but
found their car suspended in the mist. A blue light and whishing
sound returned as the car was lowered to the highway, the speedometer indicating that it was going 55 mph (88 km/h), even though the
rear end was off the ground. Conscious memory returned as the light
and sound ceased. The time was 12:55 P.M.
Aftermath: They stopped at a gas station, and "Michael" walked in
semicircles as if drunk. The next day "Mary" found a rectangular
mark on her abdomen, and soon had vivid dreams of a craft and entity. She developed a nearly fatal case of pneumonia, and while in the
hospital learned that she was pregnant. The child was born two
months early but was healthy and even precocious. The melanoma
condition on "Michael's" legs improved. He felt stronger and more energetic than before and underwent a personality change reflecting
greater openness and flexibility. 56
CASE 80-4 (x  )
Name/Date/Location: Alan Godfrey, about 33; November 28, 1980;
Todmorden, West Yorkshire, UK
Preliminary: Police officer Godfrey on patrol at 5:05 A.M. saw a lighted
object on the road ahead. He felt attracted to it, and felt alternately
frightened and secure while he sat in the patrol car.
Initial activities: Godfrey attempted to call the station on his radio,
without success. Then he sketched the craft. Next moment he was
100 yards (90 m) down the road and the object was gone. He had
flashbacks of getting out of the car and looking for the object. When
he returned to the car it would not start. Under hypnosis, he recalled
a light beam striking him and he lost consciousness. He also recalled
floating and seeing an opening in the craft.
Craft/Beings: Domed metallic disc with windows, luminous, additional lights on top and bottom. Central section spinning, bushes beneath it agitated. Under hypnosis, he recalled that beings on board included a human-looking man with thin nose, beard, and moustache,
6ft. (1.8 m) tall, wearing skullcap and sheet that gave him a Biblical
appearance, and eight 3- to 3'h-ft. (0.9-1.0 m) metallic robots with
headgear like lampshades, and a large black dog.
Onboard features: Smiling and friendly man sitting at table, a bed,
ceiling lights.
Onboard activities: The robots touched him, and made beeping
sounds. Godfrey thought of resisting, but instead lay down on the
bed. A light from the ceiling shone down on him. The man, named
'Joseph," communicated with him, touched his head, and he lost consciousness for a while. The robots removed his shoes and examined
his toes; instruments placed on his arms and legs caused him pain and
a feeling of sickness. There was a sickly smell, and he closed his eyes
from time to time.
Communication: When Godfrey got out of his car a voice told him he
should not see the object. On board, "Joseph" told him telepathically
that the overhead light was not for his eyes. 57
CASE 82-1 (x )
Name/Date/Location: ]oao Valeria da Silva, 38; November 29, 1982;
Botucatu, Sao Paulo State, Brazil
Preliminary: da Silva awoke at 1:50 A.M. with indigestion and went
outside.
Initial activities: A brilliant beam of light fell on him and a being descended within the beam. da Silva was forced into the beam and taken
on board a craft.
Craft/Beings: Craft not described. Beings were 6-ft. (1.8 m) or taller
humanoids wearing tight coveralls with holes for their eyes and
mouth. The hands were covered by mittens.
Onboard features: Witness sat on a circular seat in a well-lighted
room, the light source not apparent.
Onboard activities: Another being was encountered on board. The two
beings conversed in an unintelligible language, then left the room by
passing through the wall. A beautiful dark-skinned naked woman, estimated to be about 20 years old, entered the room and touched da
Silva's cheek with a y-shaped device; he lost consciousness.
Termination/Return: His family found him unconscious in the back
yard at 5:00 A.M., naked, his clothes, watch (which had stopped at
4:20A.M.), and other belongings piled beside him. His body was covered with an oily substance and he was very cold. There was a mark
on his chest and lesions on his genitals.
Aftermath: da Silva had been troubled by poltergeist activity before
the abduction, but it ceased. He later had several other abduction experiences and allegedly acquired healing powers. 58
CASE 83-1 (x  )
Name/Date/Location: "Pat Norris," 28; February 3, 1983; Mobile, AL
Preliminary: Driving home in the evening "Norris" heard explosion,
and her car began to vibrate and came to a stop. She encountered a
brightly lighted object that gave off a high-pitched sound.
Initial activities: A large number of beings visible in the craft seemed
to take no notice of her, and after about five minutes the craft turned
and flew away.
Craft/Beings: The craft was discoidal on the front but elongated on
the side. Through a window in an upper deck she saw 20-30 beings,
slender humanoids with large chests, about 5 ft. 10 in. (1.7+ m) tall,
pale-skinned, large heads, no hair, and small ears. They wore onepiece white suits.
Onboard features: In "dreams" she saw many lights, a gold and silver
tree, a circular table, metal rods used as instruments.
Onboard activities: In "dreams" she lay on the table with the beings
surrounding her. One being was very old. At one point when she felt
cold, one of the beings held a hand over her body and she felt warmth.
She changed her position on the table to accommodate them as they
touched metal rods to various parts of her body. The beings relieved
pressure she felt in her head and her lifelong back problems.
Communication: While she was on the table the beings communicated
with her by telepathy. They questioned her about her physical and
emotional feelings. 59
CASE 85-1 (x + *   }
Name/Date/Location: "David Thomas," 19; February 8, 1985; Pwllheli, North Wales
Preliminary: Walking home about 3:00A.M., "Thomas" noticed that
all sounds of nature had ceased and he heard an unexplained faint
humming sound that seemed to be coming from a field. He left his
path to investigate and the sound became louder. Then he saw a dully
glowing dark shape hovering just off the ground, obscuring the
starlight. Some beings approached.
Initial activities: "Thomas" was seized by the arm and apparently
floated to the craft, where he found himself in a large bare room.
Craft/Beings: The craft was domed and disc-shaped, about 25 ft. (7.5
m) in diameter, with antenna-like protrusions, a hatchway, and windows at the top. A group of humanoids approached from across the
field, and when he turned to flee another being blocked his path. They
were wearing what looked like octagonal helmets. Two dim lights
were positioned where their eyes should be. Their clothing was gray
with gold-colored belts and straps like braces (suspenders), black
knee boots and gloves. Their arms and legs moved in a rapid, stilted
manner reminding him of robots.
Onboard features: From the large room "Thomas" was taken to a con-
trol room with TV consoles and a large screen on the wall.
Onboard activities: The craft apparently took off, and "Thomas" observed planets passing by on the large screen. Beyond Pluto the craft
docked with a "mother ship." On board the larger craft he was examined on a table. One of the beings probed him with a long instrument
that was pointed on the end, and he thought it was responsible for
"burn marks" on his body next day. Probes were placed on his head,
chest, and around his neck. He thought that his heart rate was manipulated by the beings. A music tape cassette was removed from his
pocket and apparently analyzed in a console; he heard the heavy rock
beat.
Communication: The beings communicated directly into his head
(telepathy). He was told that they came from a planet beyond the constellation of Lyra, that they breathed pure oxygen and disliked the polluted atmosphere of the earth. They had a temporary base in Greenland
and had been forced to destroy bases on the moon to avoid discovery
by space probes and astronauts. He was told that they had captured a
Voyager spacecraft for study and found it to be "very primitive." The beings told him they would seek him out again in the future.
Termination/Return: At some point "Thomas" became aware that he
was being taken back to earth. He suddenly found himself back in the
field in North Wales, his last recollection being of the craft disappearing from view in the night sky.
Aftermath: He felt dizzy and experienced a sensation of floating. A policeman spotted him staggering around and questioned him. Satisfied
that "Thomas" was not drunk or on drugs, the officer took him home,
arriving at 5:30 a.m. There "Thomas" suddenly felt frightened and
was in a state of shock. The next day he found burn marks on his
body. He continued to have nightmares and underwent hypnotherapy,
after which he preferred not to talk about the experience.60
CASE88-l (x  * )
Name/Date/Location: john R. Salter, Jr., 53, and john R. Salter, III, 22;
March 20, 1988; southwestern Wisconsin
Preliminary: Driving from North Dakota to Louisiana, in late afternoon the Salters experienced total amnesia for about 60 miles (100
km). They took an unusual route through a remote area without
knowing why, and experienced "missing time." The next morning
along the highway they briefly sighted a disclike object that approached their truck, then sped away. Dreams and flashbacks in the
ensuing months began to reveal a partially repressed UFO encounter
that began to emerge in detail in late June.
Initial activities: At dusk the pickup truck was forced off the highway
onto a rough, winding road and the Salters stopped and got out. Some
beings appeared, two or three of whom climbed up on the back
bumper, and examined the gear in the back of the truck. The Salters
were taken to landed craft in a secluded clearing.
Craft/Beings: About 6 or 7 beings 4-4~ ft. (1.2-1.4 m) tall, with thin
bodies and limbs, comparatively large heads, very large slanted eyes,
and one taller, more human-like being, close to 6ft. (1.8 m) tall, not
as proportionately thin.
Onboard features: Brightly lighted room, a blue glowing panel, instruments.
Onboard activities: Implant placed in John Jr.'s nose, injections in
neck and upper chest. John III's face closely scanned by a lighted device, with special attention to the jaw area.
Communication: Telepathic.
Termination/Return: They walked back to the truck, John Jr. accompanied by the taller being, who was carrying some kind of a light. As
they sat in the truck they saw the craft rise diagonally up into the dark
clouds and disappear.
Aftermath: John Jr. gave up smoking (breaking a 30-year, four-packa-day habit and a 20-year pound-of-pipe-tobacco-a-week habit),
noted faster healing of cuts and faster growth of hair and nails, improved circulation, better skin tone, heightened immunity to flu and
colds, increased energy level. He and John Ill view their experience as
totally positive and the aliens as benign and caring. Information about
earlier encounters has slowly emerged.61
CASE 89-1 (X  *    )
Name/Date/Location: "Susan," 42, "Jennifer," 49; November 7, 1989;
Near Goodland, KS
Preliminary: Driving home to St. Louis from Aspen, CO, saw bright
light in sky ahead at 11:40 P.M.
Initial activities: After pacing car for about an hour, object descended
just ahead to within 100ft. (30m), hovered over a field, cone of multicolored light to ground after they had stopped car. Next memory was
of driving away feeling exhausted and irritable. They stopped at a motel at 2:30A.M., one with flushed face, the other very pale. Next morning they discovered nearly two-hour "missing time" period.
Craft/Beings: Under hypnosis on November 24, they recalled the car
being floated into a disc-shaped craft where they were examined by
5%-ft. (1. 7 m) slender beings with large heads, huge slanted dark eyes,
pointed chins, white skin, tiny nose, vestigial mouth, and four long
fingers on each hand.
Onboard features: Circular room with windows and panels, diffuse
pink-white lighting, narrow examination table, "hieroglyphics" on a
wall, computer-like panels with blinking lights; a long corridor, an
"auditorium" with seats, a floating platform with a railing.
Onboard activities: Examination under bright light, instrument like
dental pick used to place something in "Jennifer's" nose, preoccupation with fingers and hands (electrodes/wires attached).
Communication: "Susan" received telepathic messages about "genetic
coding," "mutual advancement of both races," and a "telepathic link"
with earthlings. "Jennifer" recalled no clear messages, but vague impressions of their purpose being related to "body chemistry."
Termination/Return: Both recall returning to the original room, floating back down to their car escorted by two beings, and some kind of
gesture that induced amnesia.
Aftermath: "Susan" experienced anxiety, restlessness, and exhaustion,
later job and lifestyle changes. She felt it was a positive, mind-expanding, growth experience. "Jennifer" had severe nosebleeds, insomnia, flushed face, later content and functioning well, pursuing
some new interests. 62
Abductor Profile
Analysis of the 38 sample cases in this catalogue indicates the following profile for the "alien abductors": They tend to operate in groups
of three to five. Their garments usually are coveralls or uniform-like
(with belts, straps, and occasionally emblems), about an equal proportion of black or dark- and light-color clothing. About a quarter of
them wear something on their feet, hands, and/or heads. Some of the
beings wear masks or face coverings (13 percent of cases).
Slightly more than half appear to be humanoid, about a fourth human-like, and about 20 percent robot-like. A slight majority are 5 ft.
(1.5 m) tall or taller, with memorably large eyes. The eyes often appear to be "slanted" or "elongated" (about 40 percent of reports).
Their skin color is usually gray ( 4 7 percent of reports) or white or
pale (3 7 percent).
The Abduction Phenomenon
Statistics
Number abducted-one, 66 percent; two or more, 34 percent
Sex-male, 57 percent; female, 43 percent
567
Age-teen or younger, 21 percent; 20s, 30 percent; 30s, 30 percent;
40s or older, 19 percent
Taken from-vehicle, 46 percent; indoors, 14 percent; outdoors,
40 percent
Levitation-46 percent of cases
Communication-71 percent of cases-72 percent telepathic,
28 percent verbal
Physiological aftereffects-54 percent of cases
CASE SUMMARIES
The following two abduction case summaries were prepared especially for this report by Walter N. Webb, who personally investigated
them. Webb is a pioneer UFO investigator whose background includes training and experience in biology and astronomy.
The Barney and Betty Hill Abduction
by Walter N. Webb
The Barney and Betty Hill affair, as the first widely publicized missingtime abduction case and the first to use regressive hypnosis, has become the most celebrated UFO abduction episode in history. This
benchmark incident contains many of the features reported in subsequent UFO kidnap stories.
On the night of September 19-20, 1961, the Hills were returning
home to Portsmouth, NH, after a vacation at Niagara Falls. Barney, 39,
who died in 1969, was a Boston postal clerk. His wife Betty, 41, was a
state child welfare worker. About 11:00 P.M., as they drove south on
U.S. 3 in the vicinity of the White Mountains, they spotted a bright,
moving, starlike object in the southwest sky.
At first moving northward, the object turned toward the couple's
car and proceeded to pace it for the next 35 miles (58 km). The Hills
stopped the car at intervals to view the UFO through binoculars. It
appeared to be a rotating circular object following an erratic, steplike
course above the mountains. Finally, around midnight, near North
Woodstock, the object halted over a clearing to the right.
Barney stopped the car and got out to observe the apparent craft
through binoculars. The UFO then crossed the road ahead silently
and hovered above a field on the left. Barney walked into the field for
a closer look, peering through his binoculars at the tilted object-a
large, flattened, disc-shaped craft with a red light on either side and a
double row of windows suffused with a bluish-white glow.
Barney testified that he could see eight or more humanoid figures
watching him. A "leader" wore a shiny black uniform and a cap; the
rest, light-colored shirts. The unknown craft began descending toward Barney, as the figures suddenly scurried around in a flurry of activity. The red lights began sliding out on the tips of finlike structures.
The observer was fascinated and at the same time terrified by the
specter of the "leader," who continued to stare at him.
Finally, after the object had approached within 100 ft. (30 m) or
less, Barney fled in panic toward the car and frantically drove away.
The couple recalled hearing-and feeling-strange beeping sounds
that vibrated the car twice: once after they sped away and again in the
Ashland area 30 miles ( 48 kilometers) to the south. But they were
puzzled about why they remembered nothing of the interval between
the two sets of "beeps" (except a vague memory of turning off Route
3), and why they arrived home at least two hours later than expected.
Back home in Portsmouth they noted other peculiarities. Both of
their watches had stopped. Barney felt oddly compelled to inspect his
genitals. He also observed that the tops of his shoes were scuffed.
Betty asserted that she packed up her dress and never wore it again. A
check of the car revealed a cluster of shiny, circular spots on the trunk
that may have been due to a weather or road precipitate.
About one and a half to two weeks following the sighting, Betty
said she dreamed that she and her husband were taken on board the
same craft and examined in separate rooms. The dreams were so vivid
that Betty said she believed they were recall of an actual experience
that had occurred after the initial UFO encounter along Route 3.
Betty reported the UFO sighting to nearby Pease Air Force Base and
to NICAP in Washington, DC. NICAP asked me, as one of its New
England advisers, to interview the couple. I drove from the Boston
area to Portsmouth, and after six hours of questioning, came away impressed with the two witnesses and their incredible account.
During the next two years, Barney Hill suffered from a variety of
anxieties and ailments possibly related to the UFO experience. He returned to an old drinking problem and developed a ring of genital
warts, an ulcer, and high blood pressure. Betty Hill remained concerned about her abduction dreams. The couple was referred to
Boston psychiatrist Benjamin Simon, who hypnotically regressed
UFO as seen by Barney Hill during first encounter (Adapted by Walter N.
Webb from Hill's sketch).
them between January and June 1964. (Simon died in 1981.) Details
of their abduction gradually emerged.
After the first "beeps" on the car, Barney now recalled being instructed telepathically to turn off the highway into a heavily wooded
area, a site Betty believes was east of Thornton. A group of humanoid
beings blocked their way as the car stalled. They were about 5 ft.
(1.5 m) tall with large heads, gray skin, large slanted eyes, small
noses, and thin mouths. They were clothed in dark uniforms with
short coats. The beings approached the stalled car and escorted the
couple into the landed UFO and then to separate rooms.
Betty was left with the "leader" and an examiner. She noticed an
examination table, stool, cabinet, and walls that glowed bluish-white.
Overhead was a bright bluish light. Her arm was inspected under a deBarney Hill's sketch of "the leader," drawn while under hypnosis.
vice with a big lens and then scraped. Samples from her skin, ear, hair,
and nails were wrapped up in a plastic-like material and stored in a
cabinet drawer. The examiner also looked at her eyes with a handheld
light and peered at her mouth, throat, and teeth.
While she lay on the table in her slip, her body was touched all
over with a cluster of needles attached to wires and a machine. The
examiner then inserted a long needle in her navel, explaining that it
was a "pregnancy test." When Betty reacted to the pain, the leader
seemed surprised and passed his hands over her eyes. The pain disappeared. (Similar procedures, such as amniocentesis, were unknown
at the time of the Hill incident.)
Mrs. Hill said she communicated extensively with the "leader," at
least part of the time via telepathic means. Crewmembers were heard
to communicate among themselves with a mumbling or humming
sound. Betty said she saw a book with symbols arranged in columns,
and asked the "leader" if she could take it as proof of her experience.
But after a while the "leader" retrieved it when other crewmembers
apparently objected.
When she asked the "leader" where he was from, he went over to
the wall and somehow revealed a three-dimensional "star map" filled
with glowing dots, some of which were connected by curved lines.
The "leader" explained the links as routes from his home star system
to other stars, some of which were visited frequently and others occasionally. Under Dr. Simon's posthypnotic suggestion, Betty later drew
the star map as she remembered it.
Toward the end of her experience the examiner and others returned to Betty's room with Barney's false teeth! They were excited
and puzzled that his teeth were removable, but hers were not. This led
to questions from the examiner about old age, time, food, and colors.
Meanwhile, Barney recalled lying on a table in his room. He believed a sperm specimen was withdrawn when a cuplike device was
placed around his genitals. He also felt a cylindrical object inserted in
his rectum and something extracted. Like his wife, his arm was
scraped for skin cells, and his ears and throat were checked. He said
he kept his eyes closed except for a peek at his room, which appeared
similar to Betty's.
After the examinations were over, the Hills were led to their car,
where they watched the craft take off. As they drove away, their memories of the abduction faded. Conscious memory returned after the
second set of "beeps" near Ashland.
Dr. Simon, who professed no interest in the UFO subject, theorized
that the abduction scenario was really Betty's dream fantasy shared
with her husband. Although communication between the two witnesses probably played some role in the retelling, I remain convinced
of the reality of both phases of the UFO encounter. Betty's dreams and
her more elaborate account of the abduction could be explained by
her desire to stay aware and her stubborn refusal to forget the onboard
experience. Barney, by contrast, kept his eyes shut and willingly tried
to forget. Also, he reported components unique to his examination
that were not present in Betty's.
Postscript
My 60-page report citing the abduction details was written confidentially for NICAP in August 1965. Two months later the Boston Traveler publicized the full story in a five-part series. Since the somewhat
inaccurate newspaper account was written without the Hills' consent
or cooperation, the couple decided to approach author John G. Fuller,
who was in New England at the time investigating sightings for his
book Incident at Exeter (1966a). He was given full access to the details
of their story, resulting in the October 1966 publication of The Interrupted journey (1966b).
In the early 1970s Marjorie Fish, an Ohio schoolteacher, completed a prodigious six-year search to find a match for the stars in
Betty Hill's star map. By constructing models of the Sun's stellar neighborhood, Fish believed she had identified all of the linked stars shown
in the drawing, including the home base of the aliens (Zeta Reticuli)
and our own sun.63 
The Buff Ledge Abduction
by Walter N. Webb
The Buff Ledge encounter is significant in at least two respects: (1)
unlike virtually all other known cases of multiple abduction, the two
principals involved did not discuss their shared experiences afterward. So their testimony, on which there is remarkable agreement, is
uncontaminated; and (2) the five-year investigation remains the most
thoroughly probed and documented of any single UFO abduction
episode in the literature.
On August 7, 1968, at Buff Ledge Camp for girls on Lake Champlain (Colchester, VT), "Michael Lapp," 16, a young waterfront maintenance worker, and "Janet Cornell," 19, the water-skiing instructor,
stood alone on the end of the camp's 110-ft. dock at about 8:10 P.M.
Plan view of Buff Ledge camp showing UFO location and paths of witness
positions (Drawing by Walter N. Webb).
Most campers and counselors were away from Buff Ledge on a twoday break.
"Michael," who had more conscious recall of the UFO experience
than ''janet," reported that just after sunset a glowing white cigarshaped object swooped down over the lake, released three small
round objects, and departed. After cavorting about the sky, two of the
satellite objects streaked away in opposite directions, and the third advanced eastward toward the witnesses.
The UFO, a classic "flying saucer" with transparent dome andrevolving rim of spectral colors and emitting a vibratory hum, halted
first about 60ft. (18m) from the dock and then moved to within 10ft.
(3m). Through the dome "Michael" saw two entities with large heads
with big oval eyes, two nasal openings, and small mouths. Their short
bodies seemed to be clothed in tight-fitting grayish uniforms. The beings communicated with "Michael" telepathically, saying that they
had come from a distant planet and that he would not be harmed.
Meanwhile, ''janet" appeared to be frozen in a trancelike state.
(Later, under hypnosis, she recalled her altered state and seeing the
entities from the dock.) When "Michael" conveyed his curiosity, the
disc moved directly overhead. In an effort to confirm that the object
was a constructed device, he jumped up to touch the bottom surface.
The Abduction Phenomenon
" ' ' ' ' '
' ' '
DOCK
0
...__ ..
573
ELAINE:
UST UFO OEAARTURE f)
tOO fT
Profile view of camp waterfront showing UFO maneuvers and witness positions (Drawing by Walter N. Webb).
At the top of his jump (without making contact) a brilliant beam of
light switched on. "Michael" reached for ''janet" and fell with her
onto the dock. Under the light, he lost consciousness.
When he became fully aware again, it was totally dark out and he
could hear cars arriving and the voices of campers returning from a
swim meet. The UFO still hovered overhead. From the parking lot on
the hill, the scene at the dock would have been at least partially concealed by a bluff, trees, and a pavilion. Apparently attracted by the
glow of the UFO, two of the swimmers, "Susan Middleton" and "Barbara Bryant," ran down to the bluff and cried out. At this point the
light from the UFO was extinguished, and "Michael" saw it angle upward over the lake and disappear in a matter of seconds.
Both witnesses felt abnormally fatigued afterward and fell asleep in
their separate quarters. While "Michael" retained a partial memory of
the encounter, ''janet's" amnesia was total. Wary of traumatizing her,
"Michael" decided against discussing the episode with her. As it
turned out under later investigation, ''janet" wanted desperately to
talk with him the day after the event but seemed at a loss to know
what it was that she wanted to talk about. Camp closed a few weeks
later and the two separated, not to be reunited for another 11 years.
Ten years passed. Prompted by a number of events over the span of
a year, "Michael" contacted the Center for UFO Studies, which put
him in touch with me. He and I located ''janet," but, with the exception of a single brief and controlled reunion at Boston's Logan Airport,
I kept them apart and interviewed them separately during my fiveyear inquiry.
During separate hypnosis sessions held in the Boston area,
"Michael" filled in his period of missing time on the dock with an abduction sequence, while "Janet" confirmed not only seeing the UFO
at close range, but also undergoing an onboard experience. Both witnesses recalled being inside the UFO's dimly illuminated interior.
Their alien captors were described in similar fashion-large elongated
heads, enormous eyes, two nasal apertures, a mouth slit. Two
"guides," one for each abductee, kept in constant telepathic contact
with their charges throughout the experience.
"Michael's" description of his abductors was more detailed because
he apparently remained aware through much of his abduction. He
said the humanoids were about 5 ft. (1.5 m) tall and wore greenish,
skintight clothing. Their skin color appeared greenish-blue in the dim
surroundings of the UFO.
"Janet," on the other hand, was told to keep her eyes closed. Thus
her impressions were mostly through tactile sensations. Once, however, she peeked at her captors and was so upset by what she saw that
she quickly shut her eyes. To her, their skin appeared white, and they
all wore smocklike garments.
"Michael" declared that as he stood next to his guide, he watched
"Janet's" body being examined on a table. Two figures used a handheld
light to look into her eyes. The skin on her arm was scraped with a
pencil-like instrument. A blood sample was taken. At one point a triangular machine descended from the ceiling and appeared to "suck"
fluids from two body orifices through flexible tubes. When a concerned "Michael" asked what they were doing, his guide answered
only that they were "spawning consciousness" (perhaps an allusion to
often-reported alien reproductive interests).
"Janet" herself recalled the examiners lifting and dropping her arm
and inspecting her long hair. Once she felt a heat source on her body
and also sensed small devices attached to her head and neck.
While the two figures probed "Janet's" body, "Michael" observed a
third entity who monitored a console under a rectangular wall panel
filled with different screens. The displays seemed to be registering various elements of the exam. 'janet" independently confirmed this
panel beyond her table, and in fact was the first to mention it.
Through the dome of the craft "Michael" saw the approaching
mother craft. He remembered being led to a second table for his own
exam, but passed out on the table. When he awoke, the dome overhead was covered as if the disc had entered the larger craft. Accompanied by his guide, he descended through the bottom of the smaller
craft into a tube of light extending across a huge hangar-like room in
the larger craft. The light beam pulled them to the opposite wall,
where they were whisked upward inside to another level.
After "Michael" entered a big domed room seemingly filled with
entities and had a helmet-like device placed on his head, everyone
looked up at a bubble-shaped screen beyond the captive's view.
"Michael" had noticed it while entering the room. The entities all appeared to react favorably to whatever was being displayed.
His final stop was another room where his guide touched his
hands, and immediately the scene dissolved into a strange landscape.
Ordinary people wandered in a daze through a parklike setting under
a purple sky. A crying, frightened "Janet" appeared next to him. Then
he seemed to fall asleep. Next he found himself falling through space
toward a globe covered with TV-like screens, each of which displayed
an image of him and "Janet" lying on the dock. Passing through one
of the screens, he awoke on the dock next to 'janet."
A persistent search turned up the two campers who allegedly had
observed the UFO's departure. Both "Susan" and "Barbara" retained
vague memories of an unidentified, dark, circular object with perimeter lights racing away from the waterfront.
A potential third witness, playhouse director "Elaine Thomas," recalled an unusual sighting one night during the same week as the primary encounter. A shout about lights in the sky broke up "Elaine's"
play rehearsal. As she followed behind the running campers to reach
a clearing, she detected a silvery glow emanating from some moving
source in the sky hidden by trees. By the time she caught up to the
others, the glow had receded across the lake and was fading from
sight.
If all the sightings occurred the same evening as the abductionwhich could not be substantiated-one can speculate that "Elaine"
might have observed the UFO's first departure, and "Susan" and "Barbara," the UFO's final retreat after returning the abductees.
My investigation included a check on the background and character of both abductees. In addition, each was given psychological tests,
which included the Psychological Stress Evaluator voice analysis.
Both witnesses appeared to be honest and credible. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
(Note: References here refer to the bibliography at the end of this section, Bibliography: UFO Abduction Reports.)
l. Hynek (1972), 22-31.
2. Bloecher et al. (1985); Pritchard et al. (1994).
3. International UFO Reporter Ouly-August 1989): 16.
4. Fuller (1966).
5. Lorenzen and Lorenzen (1976): 347-56.
6. Pritchard eta!. (1994).
7. Bullard (1994b).
8. Bullard (1995).
9. Bullard (1987), vol. 1: 38.
10. Nagaitis and Mantle (1994); Randles (1988).
11. Fiorino eta! (1989).
12. Mesnard (1994).
13. von Ludwiger (1993b).
14. Rubtsov (1994); Vallee (1992).
15. Bullard (1987): 34-35; (1994b): 45; (1995): 14.
16. Bloecher eta! (1985); Ring (1992): 113-14, 127, 145.
17. Bullard (1987): 58-61.
18. Ibid., 61-66, 82-89, 104-18, 143-59.
19. Bullard (1995): 5-6.
20. Bullard (1987), vol. 1: 196-99, 202-07.
21. Bullard (1995): 122-23.
22. Ibid., 70-73.
23. Baker and Nicholl (1992): 216-21, 237-38; Klass (1988): 51-63, 185-91.
24. Druffel (1991); Magee (1978): Miller (1994b); Neal (1992); D. Pritchard
(1994); Ring (1992).
25. Fowler (1990b): 16-34;jacobs (1992): 114+32, 153-86.
26. Bullard (1995): 101.
27. Druffel and Rogo (1980); Investigators: Ann Druffel, Idabel Epperson, and D.
Scott Rogo. Hypnosis by Dr. Martin Reiser, Dr. W. C. McCall, and john De Herrera.
28. Gordon Creighton, "The Amazing Case of Antonio Villas Boas" in Bowen
(1969), 200-38; Flying Saucer Review Qanuary-February 1965): 13-17; Flying Saucer
Review (March-April1965): 5-8; Russ A. Rueger. "Villas Boas Abduction" in Encyclopedia of UFOs, edited by Ronald Story. New York: Doubleday, 1980, 382-83; Kim
Hansen. "Antonio Villas Boas-14-15 Oct., 1957'' in Evans (1987), 56-59.
29. Investigator: Raymond E. Fowler. See Fowler (1979, 1982, 1990b, 1995).
30. Blum and Blum (1974), 109-21; Gillmor (1969), 389-91; Story (1980),
318-19.
31. Charles Bowen, "One Day in Mendoza, in Flying Saucer Review (1968), 2-5.
32. Hopkins (1981a), 111-23.
33. Blum and Blum (1974), 7-25; Hickson and Mendez (1983).
34. Nagaitis and Mantle (1994), 174-81.
35. Lorenzen and Lorenzen (1977), 9-24; Kevin Randle. The October Scenario.
Iowa City, IA: Middle Coast Publishing, 1988, 17-30.
36. APRO Bulletin (November-December 1973): 7-8; Gordon Creighton and
Charles Bowen. "The Extraordinary Case of Dionisio Llanca and the UFOnauts."
Flying Saucer Review (November 1980): 2-10.
37. D. F. Webb (1976), 19, 30, 48-49, 56-58; Holzer (1976), 158-68.
38. Investigators: R. Leo Sprinkle, Rick Kenyon, and Robert Nantkes; R. Leo Sprinkle. "A Preliminary Report on the Investigation of an Alleged UFO Occupant Encounter." Flying Saucer Review (November 1975): 3-7; R. Leo Sprinkle. "Investigation of the Alleged UFO Experience of Carl Higdon" in Haines (1979), 225-357.
39. Investigation by Andrew Collins and Barry King. Hypnosis by Dr. Leonard
Wilder, a dental surgeon, in September and October 1977. Flying Saucer Review
(April 1978): 13-25, Oune 1978): 5-15; Walmsley and Mantle (1978); "Aveley
(England) Abduction" in Story (1980), 33-34, 63-78.
40. Investigators: Jim Lorenzen and W E. Stevens. Lorenzen and Lorenzen
(1977), 38-51; APRO Bulletin (September 1975): 3, Oune 1976): 6, and Ouly
1976): 5-6.
41. Lorenzen and Lorenzen (1977), 52-69.
42. Raynes (1976); Fickett (1976); Schwarz (1976); Lorenzen and Lorenzen
(1977), 70-79.
43. Investigators: Coral and Jim Lorenzen. Hypnosis by Dr. James Harder. Lorenzen and Lorenzen (1977), 80-113; Walton (1978); Barry (1978); "Walton Abduction" in Story (1980), 386-87.
44. Stringfield (1977a); APRO Bulletin (October 1976): 3-6; Stringfield (1977b),
198-212.
45. Hall (1988), 286-87; Argentine newspaper reports translated by Jane
Thomas.
46. Nostradamus No. 230 (Sept. 1, 1976); MUFON UFO journal Ouly 1976): 6,
(October 1976): 14-15. The investigators raised some questions about the hypnotic techniques used and the media exploitation involved, but found the case
credible with many features similar to U.S. cases.
47. APRO Bulletin Oanuary 1977): 3-4; Flying Saucer Review 23(3) (1977):
15-16, 19; International UFO Reporter (April1977): 6-7.
48. APRO Bulletin (November 1977): 1-3. Hypnosis by Dr. R. Leo Sprinkle.
49. Stevens (1981); Personal communication from Herrmann to Leonard Stringfield; Clark (1996), 230-31. Hypnosis by Dr. James Harder.
50. Cronica, Buenos Aires, August 30, 31, September 1, 2, 1978.
51. Flying Saucer Review (December 1984): 17-25. MUFON UFO journal (December 1983): 8-10. Investigation by A.]. Gevaerd, hypnotic regression by Oswaldo Alves, M.D., in January 1981.
52. APRO Bulletin (November 1983): 1-2. Flying Saucer Review (October 1974):
14-22. Investigation by Professor Ney Matiel Pires and Dr. Walter Buhler. Hypnosis by Alvaro Fernandes.
53. Nagaitis and Mantle (1994), 166-73.
54. Quarterly Report 2/80, UFO Research of Finland; Flying Saucer Review (November 1980): 32.
55. MUFON UFO journal Oanuary 1982): 3-7. Investigator: Lew Willis; hypnosis by Dr. Stephen Clark.
56. Richard Sigismond, "CE IIIs: New Dimensions in Investigations." International UFO Reporter (September-October 1982): 9-15; Flying Saucer Review
(December 1983): 21-26.
57. Randles (1983a), 122-31, 147-67, 216-17.
58. APRO Bulletin (November 1983): 2; Flying Saucer Review (October 1984):
22-25. Investigation by Dr. Luciano Stancka e Silva.
59. APRO Bulletin (May 1984): 1-3, (May 1985): 4-6.
60. Nagaitis and Mantle (1994), 31-37.
61. Salter (1989).
62. Carpenter (1991b), 91-114.
63. Dickinson (1967); Fish (1974); Fuller (1966); W N. Webb (1976, 1980).

Bibliography: UFO Abduction Reports
Anganuzzi, Hector P. Historia de los Platos Voladores en la Argentina
(Buenos Aires: Editorial Plus Ultra, 1976).
Appelle, Stuart. "Hypnosis and the Accuracy of Abduction Memory."
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 204-208.
---. "The Abduction Experience: A Critical Evaluation of Theory
and Evidence." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 6 (1995/96),
29-78.
Baker, Robert A. "Q: Are UFO Abduction Experiences for Real? A: No,
No, a Thousand Times No!" journal of UFO Studies, New Series 1
(1989), 104-10.
Baker, Robert A., and Joe Nicholl. Missing Pieces. Buffalo, NY:
Prometheus Books, 1992.
Ballester Olmos, Vicente-juan. "Alleged Experiences Inside UFOs: An
Analysis of Abduction Reports." journal of Scientific Exploration,
8(1) (1994): 91-105.
Banchs, Roberto Enrique. Evidence of the UFO Phenomenon. Buenos
Aires: Rodolfo Alonso Publishers, 1976.
Barry, Bill. Ultimate Encounter: The True Story of a UFO Kidnapping.
New York: Pocket Books, 1978.
Basterfield, Keith. "An Australian Abduction." International UFO Reporter (March-April1991): 4-6, 22.
---. "Australian Abduction Research: 1990-1992," International
UFO Reporter (September-October 1992): 13-15.
---. (1994a) "Fantasy-Prone Personality Hypothesis." MUFON
UFO journal Qanuary 1994): 16-18.
---. (1994b) "Abduction Research in Australia." MUFON UFO
journal Quly 1994): 6-8.
---. (1994c) "Australian Abduction Research: 1993-1994." International UFO Reporter 19 (6) (November-December 1994): 8-9,24.
---. (1994d) "The Paranormal Connection." MUFON UFO journal (December 1994): 3-5.
---. (1994e) "Abductions: The Australian Experience" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 178-86.
---. Catalogue of Australian and New Zealand Abduction and Potential Abduction Cases (October 1997), Adelaide, South Australia.
Basterfield, Keith, and Paul Jackson. A Preliminary Catalogue of Australian Vehicle Interference UFO Events. New South Wales: Australian Center for UFO Studies, 1982.
Basterfield, Keith, Vladimir Godic, and Pony Godic. "Australian Abductions: An Update." International UFO Reporter (May-June
1990): 10-12,22-23.
Bloecher, Ted, Aphrodite Clamar, and Budd Hopkins. Final Report on
the Psychological Testing of UFO "Abductees." Washington: Fund for
UFO Research, 1985.
Bondarchuk, Yurko. UFO Sightings, Landings and Abductions: The Documented Evidence. Toronto, Ontario: Methuen Publications, 1979.
Boylan, Richard J. Close Extraterrestrial Encounters: Positive Experiences with Mysterious Visitors. Tigard, OR: Wild Flower Press,
1994.
Bryan, C. D. B. Close Encounters of the Fourth Kind: Alien Abduction,
UFOs, and the Conference at M.I. T. New York: Alfred A. Knopf,
1995.
Bullard, Thomas E. UFO Abductions: The Measure of a Mystery. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1987.
---. "Hypnosis and UFO Abductions: A Troubled Relationship."
journal of UFO Studies, New Series 1 (1989): 3-40.
---. "Why Abduction Reports Are Not Urban Legends." International UFO Reporter Ouly-August 1991): 15-20, 24.
---. .(1994a) "Epistemological Totalitarianism: The Skeptical Case
Against Abductions." International UFO Reporter (September-October 1994): 9-16.
---. (l994b) "A Comparative Study of Abduction Reports Update"
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 45-49.
---. (l994c) "The Overstated Dangers of Hypnosis" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT,
edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 196-98, 202-04.
---. (l994d) "The Relationship of Abduction Reports to Folklore
Narratives" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study
Conference Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 389-93.
---. The Sympathetic Ear: Investigators as Variables in UFO Abduction Reports. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1995.
Carpenter, JohnS. (1991a) "The Reality of the Abduction Phenomenon" in MUFON 1991 International UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1991, 148-72.
---. (l991b) "Double Abduction Case: Correlation of Hypnosis
Data." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 3, (1991): 91-114.
---. "The Significance of Multiple Participant Abductions" in MUFON 1996 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1996, 119-37.
---. "Reptilians and Other Unmentionables." MUFON UFO journal (April 1993): 10-11.
---. "Investigating and Correlating Simultaneous Abductions" in
Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 246-54.
Clamar, Aphrodite. "Missing Time: A Psychologist Examines the UFO
Evidence" in MUFON 1981 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1981, 76-78.
Clark, Jerome. "A Brief History of the UFO-Abduction Phenomenon"
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 15-18.
Collings, Beth, and Anna Jamerson [pseudonyms]. Connections: Solving
Our Alien Abduction Mystery. Newberg, OR: Wild Flower Press, 1996.
Cortile, Linda. "Budd Hopkins 'Linda' Case: A Look Behind the Experience" in MUFON 1994 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1994, 238-55.
Dickinson, Terence. The Zeta Reticuli Incident. Milwaukee: AstroMedia
Corp., 1976.
Druffel, Ann. "Missing Fetus Case Solved." MUFON UFO Journal (November 1991): 8-12.
Druffel, Ann, and D. Scott Rogo. The Tujunga Canyon Contacts. Englewood Cliffs, N]: Prentice-Hall, 1980.
Durant, Robert]. "Cortile Case: The Missing Evidence." MUFON UFO
Journal (July 1993): 4-8.
Fickett, Shirley C. "The Maine UFO Encounter: Investigation under
Hypnosis." Flying Saucer Review (June 1976): 14-17.
Fiorino, Paolo, Gian Paolo Grassino, and Antonio Chiumento. "Abductions in Italy." International UFO Reporter (August 1989):
14-16.
Fish, Marjorie. "Journey Into the Hill Star Map" in MUFON 1974 UFO
Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1974,
69-80.
Fowler, Raymond E. The Andreasson Affair. Englewood Cliffs, N]:
Prentice-Hall, 1979.
---. The Andreasson Affair: Phase Two. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1982.
--. (1990a) The Allagash Affair. Wenham, MA: Woodside Planetarium&: Observatory, 1990.
---. (1990b) The Watchers: The Secret Design Behind UFO Abduction. New York: Bantam Books, 1990.
---. The Watchers II: Exploring UFOs and the Near-Death Experience. Newberg, OR: Wild Flower Press, 1995.
---.The Andreasson Legacy. New York: Marlowe&: Co., 1997.
Fuller, John G. The InterruptedJourney. New York: Dial Press, 1966.
Gotlib, David A., M.D. "Who Speaks for the Witness? Medical and
Ethical Issues in Abduction Research" in MUFON 1990 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1990, 24-35.
---. "Abductions: Imagined or Imaginal?" International UFO Reporter Quly-August 1992): 16-20.
---. "Methodological Problems in Abduction Work to Date" in
Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 32-41.
Granchi, Irene. UFOs e Abducoes no Brasil. Rio de janeiro, Brazil:
Novo Milenio Editora, 1992. [Portuguese] (English-language edition, Madison, WI: Horus House Press, 1995).
Haines, Richard F. "A 'Three-Stage Technique' (TST) to Help Reduce
Biasing Effects During Hypnotic Regression." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 1 (1989): 163-67.
---. "Multiple Abduction Evidence: What's Really Needed?" in
Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 240-46.
Haisell, David. The Missing Seven Hours. Markham, Ontario: Paper
jacks, 1978.
Hall, Richard H. Testing Reality: A Research Guide For the UFO Abduction Experience. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1993.
---. (1994a) "Some Whimsical-and Serious-Reflections on Abductions." International UFO Reporter, 19(5) (September-October
1994): 17-18.
---. (1994b) "Are UFO Abductions a Universal or a Culturally
Dependent Phenomenon?" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the
Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard
et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 191-93.
---, ed. (1994c) Proceedings of the National Capital Area Abduction
Conference. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1994.
Hall, Robert L "Are Abduction Reports 'Mass Hysteria'?" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT,
edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994,377-81.
Hall, Robert L, Mark Rodeghier, and Donald johnson. "The Prevalence of Abductions: A Critical Look." journal of UFO Studies, New
Series 4 (1992): 131-35.
Hickson, Charles, and William Mendez. UFO Contact At Pascagoula.
Tucson, AZ; Wendelle C. Stevens, 1983.
Hind, Cynthia. "Abductions in Africa: Worldwide Similarities" in MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1993, 16-25.
Holzer, Hans. The UFOnauts. New York: Fawcett Gold Medal Books,
1976.
Hopkins, Budd. (1981a) Missing Time: A Documented Study of UFO
Abductions. New York: Richard Marek, 1981.
---. (1981b) "UFO Abductions: The Invisible Epidemic" in MUFON 1981 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1981,43-58.
---. "The Haunting of Kitley Woods: An Ongoing UFO Saga" in
MUFON 1984 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1984, 167-84.
---. Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods. New
York: Random House, 1987.
---."UFO Abductions: The Skeleton Key" in MUFON 1988 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1988, 103-12.
---. "UFO Abduction Cases in the Gulf Breeze, Florida, Area" in
MUFON 1990 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
Texas: Mutual UFO Network, 1990, 92-99.
---. "Invisibility and the UFO Abduction Phenomenon" in MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1993, 182-201.
---. (1994a) "The Abduction Experience: Acquisition" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 49-52.
---. (1994b) "The Abduction Experience: Return" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT,
edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 77-80.
---. (1994c) "An Independently-Witnessed Abduction" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 254-61.
---. Witnessed! The True Story of the Brooklyn Bridge UFO Abductions. New York: Pocket Books, 1996.
Hufford, David ] . The Terror That Comes in the Night: An ExperienceCentered Study of Supernatural Assault Traditions. Philadelphia:
University of Pennsylvania Press, 1982.
Jacobs, David M. "Abductions: The Consequence of Nonexistence" in
MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1986, 100-10.
---. "Post-Abduction Syndrome" in MUFON 1988 International
UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network,
1988, 86-102.
---."What Can We Believe in Abduction Accounts?" in MUFON
1991 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1991, 30-38.
---. Secret Life: Firsthand Accounts of UFO Abductions. New York:
Simon &: Schuster, 1992.
---. (1994a) "Medical Examination and Subsequent Procedures"
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 53-55, 64-68.
---. (1994b) "Aliens and Hybrids" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press,
1994, 86-90.
Jacobs, David M., and Budd Hopkins. "Suggested Techniques For
Hypnosis and Therapy of Abductees." journal of UFO Studies, New
Series 4 (1992): 138-50.
Johnson, Donald A. "Personality Characteristics of UFO Abductees"
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 316-19.
Klass, Philip ]. UFO-Abductions: A Dangerous Game. Buffalo, NY:
Prometheus Books, 1988.
Laibow, Rima E., M.D. "Experienced Anomalous Trauma: New Directions" in MUFON 1990 International UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1990, 100-13.
Lawson, Alvin H. "What Can We Learn From Hypnosis of Imaginary
Abductees?" in MUFON 1977 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1977, 106-35.
---. "'Alien' Roots: Six UFO Entity Types and Some Possible
Earthly Ancestors" in MUFON 1979 UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1979, 151-75.
Loftus, Elizabeth, and Katherine Ketcham. The Myth of Repressed
Memory. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1994.
Lorenzen, Coral, and jim Lorenzen. Abducted! Confrontations with Beings from Outer Space. New York: Berkley Books, 1977.
Mack, john E., M.D. "Helping Abductees." International UFO Reporter
Quly-August 1992): 10-15, 20.
---. "The UFO Abduction Phenomenon: What Might It Mean for
the Human Future?" in MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1993,
202-13.
---. Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens. New York: Charles
Scribner's Sons, 1994.
Magee, judith. "Maureen Puddy's Third Encounter." Flying Saucer Review 24(3) (1978): 14-15.
Mesnard, joel. "The French Abduction File." MUFON UFO journal
Qanuary 1994): 3-13.
Miller, john G., M.D. (1994a) "Medical Procedural Differences: Alien
Versus HJman" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction
Study Conference Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al.
Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 59-64.
---. (l994b) "Lack of Prooffor Missing Embryo/Fetus Syndrome"
in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference
Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA:
North Cambridge Press, 1994, 262-67.
Moura, Gilda. "The Abduction Phenomenon in Brazil" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT,
edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 186-90.
Nagaitis, Carl, and Philip Mantle. Without Consent: A Comprehensive
Survey of Missing-Time and Abduction Phenomena in the UK.
Cheshire, UK: Ringpull Press, 1994.
Neal, Richard M., M.D. "The Missing Embryo/Fetus Syndrome" in
MUFON 1992 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1992, 214-29.
Powers, Susan M. "Thematic Content Analyses of the Reports of UFO
Abductees and Close Encounter Witnesses: Indications of Re-
pressed Sexual Abuse." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 5
(1994): 35-54.
Pritchard, Andrea, et al., eds. Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994.
Pritchard, David E. "Physical Evidence and Abductions" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT,
edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press, 1994, 279-95.
Randles, Jenny. Abduction: Over 200 Documented UFO Kidnappings Investigated. London: Robert Hale, 1988.
---. (l994a) "An Analysis of British Abduction Cases" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 174-77.
---. (1994b) Alien Contacts and Abductions. New York: Sterling
Publishing Co., 1994.
Raynes, Brent M. 'The Twilight Side of a UFO Encounter." Flying
Saucer Review Oune 1976) ll-14.
Ring, Kenneth. The Omega Project: Near-Death Experiences, UFO Encounters, and Mind at Large. New York: William Morrow, 1992.
Ring, Kenneth, and Christopher ] . Rosing. "The Omega Project: A
Psychological Survey of Persons Reporting Abductions and Other
UFO Encounters." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 2 (1990):
59-98.
Rodeghier, Mark. "Psychosocial Characteristics of Abductees" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 296-303.
Rodeghier, Mark, jeff Goodpaster, and Sandra Blatterbauer. "Psychosocial Characteristics of Abductees: Results From the CUFOS Abduction Project." journal of UFO Studies, New Series 3 (1991): 59-90.
Rogo, D. Scott. Alien Abductions: True Cases of UFO Kidnappings. New
York: New American Library, 1980.
Rubtsov, Vladimir V. "Alien Contacts and Abduction Experiences: A
Look From the C.I.S." in MUFON 1994 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1994,
137-52.
Salter, john R., Jr. "An Account of the Salter UFO Encounters of
March, 1988: Their Background, Development, and Ramifications." privately printed (1989).
Schwarz, Berthold Eric. "Comments on the Psychiatric-Paranormal
Aspects of the Maine Case." Flying Saucer Review Qune 1976):
18-22.
Smith, Yvonne. "Anatomy of an Abduction" in MUFON 1994 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1994, 75-90.
Sprinkle, R. Leo. "UFO Contactees: Captive Collaborators or Cosmic
Citizens?" in MUFON 1980 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1980, 53-75.
---, ed. Proceedings of the Rocky Mountain Conference on UFO Investigation (Contactee Conference). Laramie, WY: 1980.
Stevens, Wendelle C., and William]. Herrmann. UFO: Contact From
Reticulum. Tucson, AZ: privately published (1981).
Stone-Carmen, jo. "A Descriptive Study of People Reporting Abduction by Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)" in Alien Discussions:
Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT, edited by
Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge Press,
1994, 309-15.
Strieber, Whitley. Communion. New York: William Morrow, 1987.
---. Transformation: The Breakthrough. New York: William Morrow, 1988.
Stringfield, Leonard H. "The Stanford, Kentucky Abduction." MUFON
UFO journal Qanuary 1977): 4-15.
Truncale, Deborah B. "Alien!UFO Experiences of Children" in Alien
Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at
MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North
Cambridge Press, 1994, 116-26.
Turner, Karla. Into the Fringe: A True Story of Alien Abduction. New
York: Berkley Publishing Corp., 1992.
---. (1994a) "Expanding the Parameters of the Alien-Human Abduction Agenda" in MUFON 1994 International UFO Symposium
Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1994, 19-32.
---. (1994b) Taken: Inside the Alien-Human Abduction Agenda.
Roland, AR: Kelt Works, 1994.
Von Ludwiger, Illobrand. "The Most Significant UFO Sightings in
Germany," MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings
(Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1993), pp. 248-279.
Walmsley, Andrew, and Philip Mantle, eds. The Aveley Abduction. UFO
Investigators Network, UK, january 1978.
Walters, Ed, and Frances Walters. UFO Abductions in Gulf Breeze. New
York: Avon Books, 1994.
Walton, Travis. The Walton Experience. New York: Berkley, 1978.
Webb, David E (l976a) 1973-Year of the Humanoids. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1976.
---. (1976b) "Analysis of Humanoid/Abduction Reports" in Proceedings of the 1976 CUFOS Conference. Chicago: Center for UFO
Studies, 1976, 266-76.
---. "The Use of Hypnosis in Abduction Cases" in Alien Discussions: Proceedings of the Abduction Study Conference Held at MIT, edited by Andrea Pritchard et al. Cambridge, MA: North Cambridge
Press, 1994, 198-204.
Webb, Walter N. "An Analysis of the Fish Model" in Encounters With
UFO Occupants, edited by Coral and Jim Lorenzen. New York:
Berkley Books, 1976, 101-14.
---. "Hill Abduction" in Encyclopedia of UFOs, edited by Ronald
D. Story. New York: Doubleday, 1980, 172-77.
Wilson, john P. "Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Experienced Anomalous Trauma (EAT): Similarities in Reported UFO Abductions and Exposure to Invisible Toxic Contaminants." journal
of UFO Studies, New Series 2 (1990): 1-17.
Wilson, Katharina. The Alien jigsaw. Portland, OR: Puzzle Publishing,
1993.
Wright, Dan R. "The Entities: Initial Findings of the Abduction Transcription Project." Part I, MUFON UFO journal (February 1994):
3-7; Part II, MUFON UFO Journal (March 1994): 3-7.
---. "Commonalities & Disparities: Findings of the MUFON Abduction Transcription Project" in MUFON 1995 International UFO
Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1995,
164-203.

=================================================================
SECTION XIV. Roswell and Other Crash Retrievals

Evidence in support of the claim that UFOs have crashed (and have
thereby become IFOs-identified flying objects) remains largely
anecdotal, and without strong independent documentation. Although
there is no conclusive evidence, there is some historical evidence,
some partial documentation, and some intriguing sworn testimony.
Collectively, this provides ample reason to continue gathering more
complete evidence before passing judgment.
One skeptical argument is that if a spacecraft had crashed in 1947,
it could not have been kept a secret for all these years. Some inkling
of it would have leaked out. In fact, rumors were rife in 1949 that
such a crash had occurred in New Mexico. Frank Scully contributed
an article about the rumors to the Fall1949 issue of Variety. Also, january 9, 1950, Time magazine reported rumors of "crashed saucers"
and small bodies in New Mexico, and Newsweek, for April17, 1950,
carried a similar article.
An FBI memorandum dated March 22, 1950, that came to light
only in recent years, included information attributed to "an investigator for the Air Forces" that three "flying saucers" had crashed in New
Mexico, each containing bodies of humanoid beings about three feet
tall dressed in fine-textured metallic cloth resembling pressure suits. 1
Dr. Robert I. Sarbacher, a prominent physical and engineering scientist in that era, stated both in writing and in direct interviews that
some of his colleagues were directly involved in crash-retrieval cases
and told him about their work, including examination of very light
and tough metal such as described at the Roswell crash site and small
bodies. 2
These documented facts establish that reports about "crashed
saucers" were circulating among the news media, scientific circles,
and national intelligence agencies in 1949 and 1950. Were they leaks,
possibly garbled as to details, or were they merely unfounded stories?
One of the best-known researchers who studied dozens of reported
UFO crash-retrieval claims was the late Leonard H. Stringfield, a public relations executive in Cincinnati, OH, and an Air Force intelligence officer during World War II. He published a series of "status reports" on the information he was receiving, but the majority of cases
could not be documented and many were not credible (see bibliography).
The Roswell case is the most famous of the more credible reports.
Despite some contradictory testimony and controversy about details,
it has a broad base of sworn testimony to support some elements of
the story. However, other promising cases also are known and partially documented. They include the following.
1952, New Mexico. A retired Air Force major told Len Stringfield
that while he was attending a high-level secret meeting at Wright-Patterson AFB, OH, he was shown an alien body in deep-freeze preservation in an underground chamber. The body was about four feet tall
with gray skin and a large head.3
1953, White Sands, NM Army officer aide to an Air Force general
told UFO investigators {including the author) that an ovoid craft and
four-foot-tall alien bodies were retrieved and stored at Langley AFB, VA.
1953, Arizona. Independent reports from a military flyer who saw
four-foot-tall alien bodies with large heads, packed in ice, arriving at
Wright-Patterson AFB, and an Air Force contract engineer taken to
the site to study the craft, who also saw one of the bodies and dates
the incident as May 21, and the location as in the vicinity of Kingman,
Az.
1966, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH. Former Army intelligence officer
informed Len Stringfield that he observed nine alien bodies about
four feet tall with grayish skin in deep-freeze conditions in a glass enclosure. Crash site not stated. 5
1978, january 18, McGuire AFB, N]. Air Force law enforcement
and security policeman, alerted to UFO incidents near base and over
adjacent Fort Dix while on patrol, observed apparent alien body
found on deserted runway. He was told that Army MPs at Fort Dix had
shot the alien, and it had fled over the fence before collapsing and dying. The body was packed in a wooden crate and loaded on a special
aircraft from Wright-Patterson AFB. Witness later was "debriefed" in
intimidating ("good cop-bad cop") fashion and shortly afterward sent
to new duty assignment overseas. 6
In the course of his investigations, Len Stringfield made contact
with a medical doctor (Doctor "X") who said he had conducted medical tests on alien cadavers at a major medical facility in the eastern
United States. Stringfield later was able to visit Doctor "X" at the medical facility in question, which verified his credentials and connections. Stringfield also was a guest in the home of Doctor "Y," a colleague of Doctor "X." Doctor "Y" said that he had examined an alien
tissue sample under a microscope.
The aliens were described as being 31
h to 4~ feet tall, weight about
40 pounds, with large heads proportionately the size of a 5-month-old
human fetus. They had slender torsos and long, thin arms. Their skin
was tannish or grayish, elastic, reminiscent of reptilian skin. A colorless liquid was present in the bodies; there were no red cells. On their
heads, the beings had large "Oriental"-looking round eyes without
pupils; heavy brow ridges; apertures in place of ears; small indistinct
noses; and small slitlike mouths without lips. They had no teeth, and
their mouths appeared to be nonfunctional.
Overall, the beings were clonelike in appearance, possibly androids, combining biological and robotic features. Doctor "X," who
appeared to be taking his cue from some higher authority, would delay answering Stringfield's questions until a later time. After one such
interval, he would not answer questions about the brains of the aliens.
Notes
l. Copy in Fund for UFO Research files.
2. Good (1987), 393, 409-410; Clark (1990), 191-94.
3. Stringfield (1980), Case A4.
4. Stringfield (1980), Case A1; Fowler (1981), 199-203.
5. Stringfield (1980), Case A3.
6. Stringfield and Hall (1987).
The Roswell, NM Crash: Alien or Human?
by Don Berliner and Richard Hall
Roswell is by far the most famous crash-retrieval case, and a vast and
confusing literature has sprung up about it. This essay presents its
highlights and basic features. A reading list is appended. The validity
of the alleged crash (or crashes) remains highly controversial despite
more than 20 years of intensive investigation. Where do things now
stand? What do we know with any degree of certainty?
The Issues
Something crashed outside of Roswell, NM, early in July of 1947, according to most accounts. The case has been investigated more thoroughly and written about more extensively than any of the other
50,000 UFO cases on record. More witnesses have testified to more aspects of it than any other. The U.S. government has paid it far more
attention than it has any other case. Although more than 50 years old,
it still commands more attention and interest than anything else that
has happened with regard to UFOs.
Despite all this attention we still know very little about the event
other than what verbal testimony (sometimes inconsistent) tells us.
Various investigators have stated what they think happened, but no
real proof has ever been obtained. Many assumptions have been made,
but they do not constitute proof.
l. When did something crash? Probably in early July 1947, but on
what day or night? Several different dates have been suggested,
but none has been established beyond a doubt. We do know that
important crash-related events took place at Roswell Army Air
Field on July 8, as contemporary newspaper reports establish, so
the crash happened sometime shortly before that.
2. Where did it happen? All we know is that it did not happen in or
near Roswell. The "debris field," widely recognized as a significant
site, was on the Foster Ranch, some 75 miles northwest of
Roswell. The location of the debris field is agreed upon, even by
the U.S. Air Force. But a second site where the main wreckage of
an apparent craft and its crew members reportedly were found was
either nearby the debris field or 30-40 miles (about 56 km) north
of Roswell, depending on which "authorities" or witnesses you
choose to believe.
3. What caused the crash? If it was an alien craft (which remains an
open question), what could have caused it to have a catastrophic
failure? We tend to assume that advanced alien technology is
nearly indestructible. Theories abound, ranging from the intriguing to the silly. Was the UFO hit by lightning during a violent electric storm? Did two UFOs collide? Did a UFO collide with a Project Mogul balloon? Was a UFO shot down by the Army after
being tracked on radar? All this is speculation.
4. Did anyone see the crash? There is no clear evidence that anyone
did. A few people in Roswell may have seen something bright streak
overhead in the direction of the ranch, but no one has claimed to
have seen anything actually crash on or near the Foster Ranch.
5. Were bodies of small aliens found at the main crash site? "Experts" disagree on almost every aspect of this question, including
the number of bodies (or, by some accounts, live aliens) that were
found. Testimony about bodies remains contradictory and far less
convincing than that about wreckage. All of it is secondhand. Still,
the behavior of government officials in Roswell and at the military
base suggests there was more to the incident than merely the recovery of scrap material.
6. What was it that crashed? This, of course, is the key question. A
1995 report by the Air Force rules out airplane, rocket, or missile
crashes, and any kind of a nuclear accident, which might have explained the unusually high level of security surrounding the aftermath of the crash.
7. Where was the wreckage (and possibly bodies) taken? What was
done with it? Where is it today? We don't know. A lot of testimony
indicates that some of the debris was taken to Wright Field (now
Wright-Patterson AFB) in Ohio, and some to Washington, DC.
Some witnesses (mostly anonymous) report seeing crash material
(or bodies) at other military bases, but anonymous reports fall far
short of being convincing evidence.
A few researchers and the Air Force suggest that the debris was
from a Project Mogul balloon array, a then-secret experimental project; however, it was not using any unusual or exotic materials. A july
1995 report by the General Accounting Office (GAO) found no evidence to support a Project Mogul balloon explanation, instead concluding: "The debate about what crashed at Roswell [sic] continues."
Our conclusion is that no one in the civilian community knows
what crashed outside of Roswell, and if anyone in the military services or intelligence agencies does know on the basis of direct evi-
dence, that person is not talking. Certainly no convincing explanation
in terms of human hardware has been advanced. Nobody who has
ventured an opinion in public, whether believer or debunker, has provided solid evidence to back up his or her claim.
Although a consistent case can be made that an alien craft did
crash, there are no unchallenged documents, no pieces of wreckage,
no photographs, no bodies to prove it. Although the GAO report finding that message traffic between Roswell Army Air Field and higher
command for the period in question had been destroyed without
proper authority by parties unknown is intriguing, it is not proof of a
cover-up. It is consistent with a possible cover-up, however.
The evidence does suggest that something of more than routine
importance happened outside of Roswell, NM, in the summer of
1947. The possibility remains that an alien craft did crash, and that
bodies may have been recovered. No proof for this exists in the public domain (it may exist in government storage). We feel that the circumstantial evidence warrants a far more thorough and impartial investigation than it has received to date.
The most convincing testimony in support of the notion that alien
bodies were found among the wreckage, in addition to that of mortician Glenn Dennis, comes from the family of pilot "Pappy" Henderson and a number of his former friends, all of whom state that he told
them he was the pilot who flew the wreckage to Wright Field in Dayton, OH. He also told his wife and daughter that he had seen the bodies of small aliens with disproportionately large heads and pale skin.
The Testimony
The following testimony by Roswell witnesses, obtained by various
investigators and published by the Fund for UFO Research, is
recorded in sworn affidavits and/or videotaped depositions. Their
statements include their occupations as of 1947.
THE CRASH AND DEBRIS
Walter Haut, Lieutenant, base Public Information Officer, Roswell
AAE On july 8, 1947, base commander Col. William Blanchard called
and directed him to write a press release about the retrieved material.
"In 1980,Jesse Marcel [base intelligence officer] told me that the material photographed in Gen. Ramey's office [at Fort Worth AAF] was
not the material he had recovered. I am convinced that the material
recovered was some type of craft from outer space."
Robert R. Porter, Master Sergeant, Army Air Force, stationed at
Roswell AAF as a flight engineer, mostly on B-29s. "I was a member
of the crew which flew parts of what we were told was a flying saucer
to Fort Worth. [He lists the names and ranks of persons on board.] After we arrived, the material was transferred to a B-25. I was told they
were going to Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio. I was involved in loading the B-29 with the material [which] was extremely lightweight. ... They told us the material was a weather balloon, but I'm
certain it wasn't a weather balloon."
Robert Shirkey, First Lieutenant, assistant flight safety officer, base
operations, Roswell AAE Present in base operations when Col. Blanchard ordered a B-29 to be ready for a flight to Fort Worth. "He asked
if the aircraft was ready. When he was told it was, Blanchard waved to
somebody, and approximately five people came in the front door,
down the hallway and on to the ramp to climb into the airplane, carrying parts of what I heard was the crashed flying saucer .... I saw
them carrying what appeared to be pieces of metal ... brushed stainless steel in color. I also saw what was described by another witness
as anI-beam and markings.
The plane took off for Fort Worth; Major Uesse] Marcel was on the
flight." He added: "I learned later that a Sergeant and some airmen
went to the crash site and swept up everything, including bodies. The
bodies were laid out in Hangar 84. Henderson's flight contained all
that material. All of those involved-the Sergeant of the Guards, all of
the crewmen, and myself-were shipped out to different bases within
two weeks."
Robert A. Slusher, Staff Sergeant, 393rd Bomb Squadron. Stationed
at Roswell AAE "On july 9, 1947, I boarded a B-29 which taxied to
the bomb area on the base to get a crate, which we loaded into the forward bomb bay. Four armed MPs guarded the crate, which was approximately four feet high, five feet wide, and 12 feet long .... The
flight to Ft. Worth was at a low level, about 4-5,000 feet [1.2-1.5
km]. Usually, we flew at 25,000 feet [7.5 km], and the cabin is pressurized. We had to fly at a low level because of the MPs in the bomb
bay."
THE BALLOON EXPLANATION
Thomas Jefferson DuBose, Colonel, Chief of Staff to Maj. Gen. Roger
Ramey, Commander, 8th Air Force, Fort Worth Army Air Field {later
Carswell AFB), TX. Col. DuBose received a phone call from Maj. Gen.
Clements McMullen, Deputy Commander, Strategic Air Command,
Washington, DC, inquiring about the crash material. Some of the material was sent by colonel-courier, base commander Al Clark, to Maj.
Gen. McMullen. This was done "under the strictest secrecy." Concerning the material later shown to newsmen at Fort Worth AAF, he
stated: "The material shown in the photographs taken in Maj. Gen.
Ramey's office was a weather balloon. The weather balloon explanation for the material was a cover story to divert the attention of the
press."
Lewis S. Rickett, Master Sergeant. Rickett was stationed at Roswell
in the Counter Intelligence Corps ( CIC) at the time of the crash incident. He was away at the time, but returned soon afterward. In a
videotaped deposition commissioned by the Fund for UFO Research,
he stated that he went back to the site with his "boss," Sheridan
Cavitt, and that it was a 30-45 minute drive from the base.
The area was guarded by MPs. Parts of something that had crashed
were laying all around. In his judgment, something had "vaporized";
there were no large, jagged pieces. The small fragments were shiny
gray, metallic-appearing, "light as a feather [and] hard to bend." He
stated explicitly that the remains were not those of a balloon, but instead a very unusual metal: "I never saw anything like it."
He observed Maj. Jesse Marcel loading three to four bushels of the
material into a weapons carrier vehicle that were taken back to the
base. At the site, he recognized the base Provost Marshal, Maj. "Darton" (phonetic spelling). A special plane subsequently came in and
took the package away.
In later years, after the Army Air Force split off into a separate military service (the Air Force), Rickett was attending a school in Washington, DC, retraining to serve in the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI). There he met Capt. Joe Worth, stationed at the
Pentagon, who said he was familiar with the unusual metal from the
Roswell site.
THE BODIES
Glen Dennis, mortician, Roswell, NM. Arriving at the base hospital,
saw a parked ambulance with pieces of unidentified material including metallic parts with "strange-looking writing ... resembling Egyptian hieroglyphics." Since he was well known at the hospital, he normally had free access. He saw a nurse friend emerge from an
examining room with a cloth over her mouth. She said, "My gosh, get
out of here or you're going to be in a lot of trouble." After being
sternly warned by a captain that he had not seen anything and there
had been no crash, and threatened with bodily harm if he talked, he
was escorted back to the funeral home by MPs.
The next day he met with the nurse in the officers' club, and she de-
scribed her part in examining alien-appearing bodies. She drew a
sketch of the bodies, showing beings with only four fingers that had
small pads like suction cups on their extremities. "She said the head
was disproportionately large for the body; the eyes were deeply set; the
skulls were flexible; the nose was concave with only two orifices; the
mouth was a fine slit, and the doctors said there was heavy cartilage instead of teeth. The ears were only small orifices with flaps. They had
no hair, and the skin was black-perhaps due to exposure in the sun."
Shortly afterward the nurse disappeared, reportedly transferred
overseas on short notice.
(Note: Dennis has since admitted deliberately giving a false name
to investigators, who failed to locate records for any nurse by that
name who had been at the base. He claimed that this was to protect
her from trouble, and he would only give out her real name with her
permission or after her death. This diminished his credibility in the
eyes of many investigators, but is not conclusive with regard to the
rest of his story.)
Barbara Dugger, granddaughter of George Wilcox, Chaves County
Sheriff. She was told by her grandmother that Sheriff Wilcox went to
a crash site where there was a big burned area and debris. He also saw
four "space beings" with large heads, one of whom was still alive. He
was shocked by the entire episode and lost interest in being sheriff.
Her grandmother said MPs "came to the jailhouse and told George
and I that if we ever told anything about the incident, not only would
we be killed, but our entire family would be killed."
Mary Kathryn Groode, daughter of Oliver W ("Pappy") Henderson, bomber and cargo pilot stationed at Roswell AAF. In 1981, "He
told me that he saw the crashed craft and the alien bodies [that had
been described in a newspaper story I, and that he had flown the
wreckage to Ohio. He described the alien beings as small and pale,
with slanted eyes and large heads. He said they were humanoid-looking, but different from us. I think he said there were three bodies."
Sappho Henderson, widow of "Pappy" Henderson. Her husband
had a "top secret" clearance because of flying scientists and materials
to the Pacific during atom bomb tests. When he saw the newspaper
article mentioned by his daughter, he told his wife: "I want you to
read this article, because it's a true story. I'm the pilot who flew the
wreckage of the UFO to Dayton, Ohio. I guess now that they're putting it in the paper, I can tell you about this. I wanted to tell you for
years."
She added: "He described the beings as small with large heads for
their size. He said the material that their suits were made of was dif-
ferent than anything he had ever seen. He said they looked strange. 1
believe he mentioned that the bodies had been packed in dry ice to
preserve them."
john Kromschroeder, D.D.S. Met "Pappy" Henderson in 1977, and
shared an interest in metallurgy. They participated in several joint
business ventures. "Henderson told me about the Roswell incident.
He said he transported wreckage and alien bodies to Wright Field in
Dayton, Ohio. He described the wreckage as 'spacecraft garbage.' He
said 'the passengers suffered their death.' He described the beings as
small.
"Approximately one year later, Henderson produced a piece of
metal taken from the craft. I gave it a good thorough looking at and
decided that it was an alloy that we are not familiar with. It was a gray
lustrous metal resembling aluminum, but lighter in weight and much
stiffer."
Research Recommendations
Given the confusion about whose testimony to believe about the july
1947 crash incident outside of Roswell, NM, we suggest that all relevant witnesses with direct knowledge (or indirect but significant
knowledge) be called to testify under oath before a congressional
committee. Since we are dealing with information that is either totally
garbled, and gross errors of judgment are being covered up, or we really do have an extraterrestrial tiger by the tail, the most reasonable
solution is to demand a full accounting and a complete explanation of
who knew what and when.
If the story should prove to be true, we should not be vindictive toward insiders who, on orders from their superiors, have withheld information from the public. Instead, we should offer total amnesty to
anyone who has direct knowledge and is willing to testify about it,
with complete and full assurance that their pensions and livelihoods
will not suffer because of testifying honestly about what they know.
If we cannot get at the basic facts directly in this manner, then the
next best approach would be to (a) have all Roswell investigators join
forces to share information and work together to evaluate all Roswellrelated claims; (b) enlist the help of unbiased historians, experienced
investigators, and investigative journalists in gathering and analyzing
new information; and (c) seek out persons known to have been in key
positions whose testimony could be crucially important, but who
have not yet been interviewed.
In the last category, flight crew members Robert Porter and Robert
Slusher, both of whom were stationed at Roswell AAF in 194 7 and
who testified about their involvement in the "Roswell incident," have
identified by name and position several Army Air Force officers and
flight crew members who allegedly were involved in the crashed
saucer/alien bodies recovery operation.
Assuming that the surviving witnesses can be located and persuaded (or subpoenaed) to testify, the information obtained should be
vitally important in understanding what really happened. Without
their on-the-record testimony, we will be left to speculate on the basis
of grossly incomplete information about what really happened.
Finally, Glen Dennis should be subpoenaed and asked to give the
real name of the nurse to congressional investigators off the record,
thus affording an opportunity for a conclusive search for the real
"Naomi Selff," if she exists or did exist and has since died.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Reading List

Berlitz, Charles, and William L. Moore. The Roswell Incident. New
York: Grosset & Dunlap, 1980.
Friedman, Stanton T., and Don Berliner. Crash at Corona. New York:
Paragon House, 1992; Marlowe & Co., paperback edition, 1994.
General Accounting Office, U.S. Congress. Results of a Search for
Records Concerning the 1947 Crash Near Roswell, New Mexico.
Washington, DC: GAO,july 1995.
Kent, Jeffrey. "Roswell-Anatomy of a Myth." MUFON UFO Journal
(June 1997): 3-17.
Pflock, Karl. Roswell in Perspective. Washington, DC: Fund for UFO
Research, 1995.
Randle, Kevin D., and Donald R. Schmitt. The Truth About the UFO
Crash at Roswell. New York: M. Evans & Co., 1994.
Weaver, Richard L., and james McAndrew. The Roswell Report: Fact vs.
Fiction in the New Mexico Desert. U.S. Air Force, 1995. 

======================================================================
SECTION XV. Historical Developments

Two major, related events since The UFO Evidence was first published in 1964 were the Congressional hearings resulting from the
UFO sighting waves of the mid-1960s and the establishment, by the
Air Force, of a new UFO study at the University of Colorado in 1966.
(See section VIII, 1966 and 1967 Sighting Waves, for background information, and for additional commentary about the Colorado UFO
Project.) These and other historical developments relevant to evaluation of UFO data are discussed here.
The University of Colorado UFO Project and
The Demise of Project Blue Book
by Michael Swords, Ph.D.
(Editorial Note: The Colorado UFO project, also known as the Condon Project or Condon Committee after its nominal Director Edward
U. Condon, was an Air Force-sponsored "Scientific Study of UFOs,"
1966-1968. Project Blue Book was the name of the final Air Force
UFO project that was terminated at the conclusion of the Condon
Project. Dr. Swords, professor of natural sciences at Western Michigan
University, has examined archival documents extensively and is in the
process of writing a book about UFO history. The Condon Project
played a pivotal role in that history.)
Introduction
The Condon Project was an investigation into UFOs that lasted approximately a year and a half and spent about a half-million dollars of
U.S. Air Force money. It is important to analyze records and findings
of the project because it is the single most quoted instance of a formal
academic study of the phenomenon, and it is cited by debunkers as
being a responsible, well-organized, thoroughgoing negation of
UFOs. Its basic finding was that UFOs are not of any scientific research interest.
Upon studying the primary project documents, any historian or
sociologist of science will discover, however, that none of this is true.
Rather, the Condon Project reveals itself as an intriguing but especially egregious case of bad scholarship. This too-brief retelling of a
complex affair reports and documents the major elements of the
episode.
Why the Project Was Created
The Air Force had been supporting an intelligence operation at
Wright-Patterson AFB to study UFOs since 1947. 1 There had been
much dissatisfaction about the UFO project, especially at this base.
From the early 1950s onward there was a stream of complaints expressing the desirability of removing the UFO project from the base. 2
By the early 1960s this idea had grown into the concept of the Air
Force getting rid of the UFO project entirely. Plans to shift the project
to a think tank (such as RAND or Brookings Institution), to a university, or a group of associated institutions, had been discussed.3
The UFO flap of 1966 and the notorious write-off of the UFOs in
Michigan as swamp gas became the catalysts for acting on these desires. Spurred by outraged citizens and their congressmen, the Secretary of the Air Force authorized the search for a university that would
conduct a one-year study of the phenomenon ... After many institutions turned the Air Force down, Dr. Edward U. Condon, with the
urging of Pentagon officers and scientists and Dr. Walter Orr Roberts
of the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), accepted
the task in August 1966.' Condon was a well-qualified physicist and
had a reputation for being an outstanding and fiercely nonpolitical
former director of the National Bureau of Standards.
Condon probably accepted because Walter Roberts's former observatory administrator-manager, Robert]. Low, was a university administrator at Condon's institution, the University of Colorado, and was
willing to take the burden of managing the project off Condon's shoulders. Low was also willing to do the sales job necessary to convince
the administration to accept a grant on such a controversial and,
therefore, academically dangerous subject.
Low did this by writing a memo in prejudicial language that was
aimed at assuring the administration that, although the public would
believe that the project was very open to the idea of extraterrestrial
visitors, no one in the academic world would get the impression that
the researchers really believed there was any chance of this being
true. 6 Low's memo and his salesmanship were very effective, and the
project was underway officially in mid-October 1966.
The Major Difficulties
The project faced almost insurmountable difficulties from the start.
Most research grants are given to scientists expert in the field of study
who want to do the work, and who have a well-thought-out plan for
doing it. None of this was true of Edward Condon. That, plus a very
difficult subject and a severely restricted time frame, is all one needs
to know to realize that the project had almost no chance from the beginning.
Other things were working against the project, as well. The leadership from the top was very poor. Condon never wanted to do the project in the first place, thus Robert Low acquired managerial status.
When Condon did assert himself into the activities, the results were
not neutral but consistently detrimental (detrimental to the functioning of the project, not merely to UFOs or ETs). 7
Low was in a peculiar situation, between a boss who was at best absentee and at worst a destructive element, and a research staff whose
members were senior to him in both degrees and scientific training.
He adopted a relatively laissez-faire management style that resulted in
most staff members "doing their own thing." While occasionally
pleasant, this was a recipe for ultimate disaster.
Also, the task of getting rapid and complete case information was
not helped by the Air Force, whose cooperation tended to be lackadaisical and disorganized. Add to this a largely ill-informed though
enthusiastic staff and one split by opposing research goals and
philosophies, and it probably would have taken ]. Robert Oppenheimer to pull this project together. Members of the "team" argued,
sometimes violently, for the first three months about what research
approach to take or whether one was even possible.8
Bias
A different sort of difficulty came under the arch antiscientific category of bias. People have pointed to the Low memo as clear evidence
of this. When the memo was discovered by accident, and later revealed, outside scientists and UFOlogists understandably reacted negatively. Actually, I believe that the memo (though very biased in its
language) is a red herring. Low's later actions indicate that he was
quite open to UFOs and the ET hypothesis.9 I believe he wrote the unfortunate memo not believing a word of it. He was just being Bob Low,
the salesman. However, there is clear documentation of severe early
bias.
In january 1967, with the project staff still split and confused about
an appropriate way to research the subject, Air Force representatives
paid a briefing visit to the Boulder campus. 10 Robert Low and Edward
Condon asked the contract officers specifically what they wanted
them to do. In the open meeting they got a vague, almost ridiculous,
runaround answer, something about just giving it a try. However,
upon returning to his office, Col. Robert Hippler immediately wrote
Condon privately with an answer. 11
The Air Force wanted a recommendation stating it should get out
of the UFO business completely. Even if the university needed more
money and a time extension to come up with a "proper recommendation," this would be arranged. Condon accepted Hippler's suggestion and voiced it as his own opinion at a scientific meeting within the
week. 12 Low wrote back for Condon, thanking Hippler for answering
their question from the briefing session very explicitly. 13 Thus, before
the project had even settled on a methodology, the main recommendation of the final report was already in place.
Although it cannot be documented as concretely and unambiguously as the foregoing, this early fixing of the main recommendation
probably influenced how seriously Condon could allow the UFO phenomenon to be taken. If the UFOs were treated in the final report as
in any way mysterious (and possibly extraterrestrial), how could one
really rationalize a recommendation for the Air Force getting out of
the game? On the other hand, it could be argued that the door was
still open to consider UFOs a legitimate scientific problem, and so
toss the governmental ball to an organization such as the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). This, apparently, is
what Low believed, and he said as much to a jet Propulsion Laboratory QPL) audience in October 1967. 14
Condon, however, was another matter. He never took UFOs seriously (as evidenced by his sole concentration on the most bizarre
sideshow elements of the subject), and to him the ET hypothesis was
even more of a joke. He had heard Col. Hippler argue against studying the most difficult old cases, so, despite almost unanimous staff
support for just such a study, he consistently argued against it. 15 Even
when Robert Low made the "core of puzzling cases" the foundation of
the project methodology in Aprill967/6 Condon still worked to de-
feat it and ultimately had his way. No casebook of classic puzzlers appeared in the final report.
Condon became increasingly negative and emotional as the project
wore on. For unknown reasons, he became convinced that reading
about and studying UFOs was mentally dangerous, 17 possibly related
to psychosis, and capable of doing "immeasurable harm to America's
schoolchildren. "18 Condon's own mental state at this point is inexplicable, but it certainly is evidence of an inappropriate condition from
which to unilaterally write the final report recommendations on
whether UFOs are worth researching.
Doubtless everyone on the project was biased one way or another,
but the combination of extremes in prejudice and power resident in
Edward Condon made anything resembling objective, scientific study
almost impossible.
The Research Plan
Given the circumstances described here, it is unlikely that any research plan could have succeeded. There were a few glimmers of
hope, however. Low's Aprill967 schemata for the project featured the
collection and in-depth analysis of the most recent and the older puzzling cases (the casebook), plus David Saunders's computer analysis
of bulk data, William Hartmann's photo case analyses, Norman
Levine's radar case studies, and whatever physical evidence was available.19
Outside experts were to produce reviews of debated physical phenomena (e.g., mirages, plasmas, radar ghosts) and the project would
apply its expert reviews to disputed casebook reports. The project's
own field teams would, it was hoped, contribute meaningful information, as well. Actually, this was about as good a plan as could be developed given the short time frame, and it might have worked except
for a few problems unrelated to science.
First, Condon opposed the foundation of the whole enterprise, as
mentioned earlier. It is a tribute to his lack of personal involvement in
any serious way that this work went on over his objections. 20 Second,
Bob Low's soft managerial style allowed personnel to drift off into
what they wanted to do, and no one took the core casebook on as his
or her project. So, the heart of the method fell through the cracks.
Some case reports were prepared, of course, but the production
was slim enough that Condon found it easier to discard the casebook.
It never became enough of an impressive entity for a staff member to
resuscitate and present on its own as an antidote to the final report.
Third, before it was all over, Condon had fired Saunders and Levine,
and had quietly removed Low from the project. By this means, almost
all of the true players were exorcised before the report writing began.
The Disintegration
The original staff of the project consisted of Condon, Low, Stuart
Cook in psychology, and atmospheric physicist Franklin Roach. Three
more psychologists, David Saunders, Michael Wertheimer, and
William Scott, joined a short time later21 in October 1966. By February 1967, Scott, Wertheimer, and Cook were gone, or essentially so.
Condon had retreated to his new office away from the group and begun to focus on fringe elements. Roach had availed himself of an opportunity to pursue research in atmospheric physics and was moving
on to Hawaii. This left Low and Saunders to pick up the pieces.
Levine came from Arizona to do field work and radar analysis. Roy
Craig, chemist, volunteered to do field work, and, with two psychology graduate students and Condon's former secretary, they became the
new team. This group persevered (with comings and goings of Roach
and a multitude of others) until the fall of 1967. At that time Condon
emerged from his relative isolation with a vengeance.
Having progressed from "light-hearted fooling around with nuts"
to the near-paranoid state described earlier, Condon gave an extremely negative, mocking speech to the personnel at a National Bureau of Standards meeting. 22 When Saunders questioned him about
this (and whether he would allow other project members to balance
his remarks to the press), Condon reacted in an authoritarian manner
and, as if saying, I'll show you, immediately gave an even more biased
interview to the Boulder press.
Condon's ill behavior shocked not only the UFO community, but
also the project staff. A majority of the staff considered resigning on
the spot.23 They did not; perhaps because no real option existed at that
point in the project. With Saunders, Levine, and even Robert Low still
talking sympathetically about UFOs as a worthy science problem,
there was still some hope that the main project members could salvage something. However, this hope was naive.
Condon began moving to take control of the final report. "~ Saunders and Levine concurrently began speaking with outside experts
such as Dr.]. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University and Dr. james
E. McDonald of the University of Arizona, both very knowledgable
about UFOs, and the officers of NICAP, Maj. Donald Keyhoe and
Richard Hall. 25 NICAP was an influential civilian research organiza-
tion. The hope was that these key individuals could band together to
offset Condon's expected negative recommendations.
During these extramural meetings, Levine and Saunders passed the
notorious Low "sales memo" of August 1966 on to McDonald. McDonald was stunned, but the two project scientists prevailed on him
not to use the item in any destructive way. He remained patient for
about two months, and then, sensing that things were going so badly
that something had to be done, confronted Bob Low with it. 26 Low
went immediately to Condon, who called in Saunders and Levine and
fired them in another emotional barrage of name calling. 27
Apparently fearing a loss of credibility for his forthcoming final report, Condon said that the memo was inappropriate and that Low
should repudiate it. Within about two months Low was removed from
the project too. The project's administrative assistant, Mary Lou Armstrong (Condon's former secretary), resigned in protest. 28 Condon ordered her not to talk about it.
Shortly after, one of the graduate students (a major field investigator) left the project on an unrelated legal matter. When the bloodletting stopped, Condon, the absentee and emotional director, was left
with Roy Craig, William Hartmann in Arizona, and one graduate student, from the main team. He called in Craig and pleaded with him
not to abandon him (which Craig seems unlikely to have done anyway, judging by his memoir).'9
The Report
Given this background, one needn't wonder that the report became a
disorganized and prejudiced nightmare. 30 But it is even worse than
might have been imagined. The first unusual element has been mentioned already: practically no one who was intimately involved with
the project was still available to write any of the report. Roy Craig and
William Hartmann were the exceptions. Franklin Roach was recruited
again to write a chapter on alleged UFO sightings by astronauts, an
area on which little or no time had been spent.
There is no indication where this last-minute idea came from. A
possible hint, however, is in the documentation involving Roach's
chapter. 31 Prereader Dan Culberson complained that there seemed to
be a lot of irrelevant padding in the chapter, which, he said, served to
make Roach look ridiculous. However, Air Force scientist Dr. Thomas
Ratchford, project monitor, said that he wanted as much "bulk" as
possible in the report. With Condon's support, the "ridiculous" bulk
stayed in unedited.
Several other additions were recruited piecemeal and often at the
last minute. Without Saunders's statistical expertise, a local statistician, Paul Julian, was asked to add an almost irrelevant, highly abstract chapter on statistics that contained essentially no UFO information. Several other apparent space-filling chapters suddenly
materialized. Even Condon's secretary, Harriet Hunter, was pressed to
write a chapter on UFO investigations in foreign countries. As far as
actual project research was concerned, only the discredited Bob Low
was qualified to write such a chapter.
This bulk, of course, replaced the original foundation of the whole
project research plan: there was no casebook of the best and most puzzling reports. Its omission accomplished one of Condon's main aims:
to avoid presenting UFOs as any more mysterious than necessary.
Some of the "classics" nevertheless found their way into the report because separate authors were writing chapters on photo cases (Hartmann) and radar cases (Thayer). Both authors considered it necessary
to look at specific case data. Most of the unsolved cases that appear in
the final report are in these chapters and are older, "classic" cases. No
classic cases originally intended for the casebook appear elsewhere in
the final report.
The absence of casebook reports creates another awkward anomaly; without them there is no reason for the various "scientific reviews" on mirages, plasmas, radar anomalies, and the like. The only
rationale for them was that they were to be applied to the puzzling
cases in the casebook. There they stand without application, but they
give the naive reader the impression that they are the reasons why
UFOs don't constitute a mystery, and they add bulk to the report. If
this were not so methodologically outrageous, one would have to
congratulate Condon on the brilliance of his design.
Another unusual element is the emotional atmosphere within
which this nominally scientific report was composed. Not only were
project members enraged and hurling epithets, but the whole world
also was suddenly made aware of project misbehaviors through publication in Look magazine of a May 1968 article by John Fuller titled,
"Flying Saucer Fiasco. "32 A furor arose, and not only among UFOlogists.
Several scientists wrote to Condon protesting. They also wrote to
the National Academy of Sciences.33 Science magazine, the organ of
the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS),
wrote a concerned article.)< Condon resigned his AAAS membership
in a fury. The project was decried on the floor of Congress, and a GAO
investigation was started.
Saunders and Levine began legal action against Condon and the
University of Colorado.35 Higher university administrators wanted explanations.36 The AAAS decided that a symposium on UFOs was appropriate, inviting, among others, james McDonald, who had been an
outspoken critic of the Condon project.37 If Condon's paranoia about
damage to schoolchildren wasn't bad enough, these developments
cinched it. He reported in all seriousness that Saunders was a NICAP
plant who had been working against him from the beginning to destroy the project.
In such an atmosphere objectivity stands little chance. In the concluding paragraphs of his draft chapter, William Hartmann wanted to
include some comments sympathetic to the possibility of the ET hypothesis, the need for more research funding, and the botched nature
of previous UFO research. Condon wrote on the pages, "Good God!!,"
and scratched it all out.38
It comes as no surprise that the final report recommends that the
Air Force get completely out of the UFO investigation business and
stop wasting taxpayer money. Given Condon's emotional state, it also
comes as no surprise that he concludes UFOs have offered nothing to
science and are not likely to do so in the future. With clever use of
words, he gives the reader the impression that all scientists agree with
him that UFOs are not worthy of study.
Considering the work of Hynek, McDonald, jacques Vallee, William Powers, Charles Maney, and many others, this is an outrageous
assertion. But one does not need to go outside of the Condon Project
staff to find people who completely disagreed with him. Of the leading 15 or so members of the project, only Craig and Wertheimer are
likely members of the "there's nothing to it" school. Most of the others are on record disagreeing with Condon's viewpoint.
Condon's opinions in his final report summary were his own, and
as project director he had the right to express them. Nevertheless,
they are an extraordinary violation of everything the ideals of science
hold sacred.
Results
Many things resulted from publication of the final report, the most
important of which was closing the Air Force Project Blue Book at
Wright-Patterson AFB. Given the poor analytical job the project had
been doing, one wonders why anyone would care. Blue Book had
been completely mismanaged.
Bad decision making had turned something that originated as the
secret business of the military into an operation from which the public felt it could demand information and answers. Due to regular foulups, the Pentagon had to install what amounted to a public relations
office, as well. The American people certainly have a right to demand
good service from their military servants, but one hardly can expect
that intelligence operations are at our beck and call.
Mismanaged and incompetent though it was, Blue Book helped
keep interest in UFOs alive, especially in periods of few sightings
when NICAP could continue to drive home its charges of cover-up.
The mere presence of Blue Book proved that UFOs were important.
Occasional off-the-cuff (or honest) comments by military officials
kept fires burning and could be quoted endlessly. The project also
gave the military the impression that reports could be made, and
these often were leaked to researchers and fueled civilian interests.
With the closing of Blue Book, the focal point disappeared and all this
stopped. Taxpayer money was not the main issue. It was a bad day for
UFO logy.
Another result was the impact on academics, which was mixed.
Science establishment loyalists rallied around Condon to support the
grand old patriarch. The National Academy of Sciences, then led by
Condon's old student, Frederick Seitz, quickly approved the report.
The extraordinarily conservative and often reactionary journal Nature
happily reviewed the report as a "sledgehammer for nuts." 39 The
AAAS (and Science) reversed its stand and lined up behind the report.
Harvard astronomer Fred Whipple praised Condon for a fine job and
referred to UFOlogists as members of a cult. 40
Former CIA organizer of the Robertson Panel on UFOs and now an
administrator at the Smithsonian, Fred Durant lauded the report as
the tombstone for UFOs. 41 Famous MIT physicist Philip Morrison
plumbed new depths by commenting that the report would stand forever as a monument to the scientific methodY But the report was a
mockery of science. The only saving grace for these commentators is
that they had no idea what they were talking about. This too, however, gives one pause.
Although this ignorance and misinformation was effective in putting many academics off of UFOs, and certainly putting funding beyond hope, this whole affair did not have a uniform impact on academic personnel. Allen Hynek, out of his job as a consultant to Blue
Book, was finally free from his responsibilities to military intelligence.
He could at last serve as a rallying point for academic researchers.
The Colorado project, paradoxically, had brought the interests of
many such persons partially or totally out of the closet. Many of the
more open academics like Peter Sturrock, Frank Salisbury, james
Harder, Leo Sprinkle, and Robert Hall, joined Hynek, McDonald,
Vallee, and William Powers to form an "invisible college" willing to
engage actively in research.
Others, such as Carsten Haaland of Oak Ridge, Friedwart Winterberg of Nevada, Richard Henry of NASA and johns Hopkins, and even
Thornton Page of the NASA johnson Space Flight Center, at least
peeked out of their closets and placed their names on the board of the
Hynek center. People who remember those halcyon days recall
Hynek's conversations with people like Richard Feynman expressing
interest in the phenomenon and wondering how they could help.
A brief period in the mid-1970s was a quiet but brightly burning
moment for academic UFOlogy. Slowly, as the good cases, the necessary level of funding, and the proper degree of focused leadership
failed to materialize, this light dwindled. It can be argued that it has
never been rekindled.
A third sort of result should be mentioned to place the Colorado
project in full context: the results of the UFO investigations themselves. When the report with its negative recommendations was published, a few hardy souls actually read the whole 900 plus pages to see
what the investigations said. Such dedication was rewarded surprisingly. Even using the highly filtered case selection of the project, a
strong case could be made that the UFO phenomenon was certainly
mysterious and unsolved. Key academic researchers such as Allen
Hynek, james McDonald, and R. M. L. Baker of UCLA all pointed this
out in a variety of forums, including books, professional talks, and
scientific literature. The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics agreed. 43
The most extensive analysis was by Peter Sturrock of Stanford:
"Evaluation of the Condon Report on the Colorado UFO Project," an
Institute of Plasma Research special report. 44 Sturrock points out that
of the 59 cases dealt with in the report, 14 were listed as unidentified,
2 others as possible UFOs (i.e., objects flying around), and 2 more as
probable UFOs. This would seem to support the view expressed by
Robert Low in April 1967 when he laid out a prospective project
methodology."~5 At that time he said that we have three nested questions:
1. Are there unexplainable reports?
2. Are any of these solid objects?
3. Are any of these objects extraterrestrial?
He said that we already know the answer to the first question is yes,
and, therefore, there is a UFO problem worthy of research. The two
probable UFOs also seem to indicate that the answer to the middle
question may also be yes ... and this from a project resolutely refusing to look at the most puzzling cases.
Summary
The Colorado project was begun by the Air Force without any concern for science. It had a purely political goal, which was achieved.
Coupled with a project director who evolved from minimal mocking
indifference to paranoia and explosive emotionalism, this served to
produce one of the worst so-called scientific studies on record. Regrettably, there is no more moderate, academically civilized way to
characterize it, but the supporting evidence for this conclusion is
plainly there in the primary documents for any historian to read.
I would welcome any scholar willing to reread the materials at the
American Philosophical Society Library archives in Philadelphia, the
] . Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies, and other cited repositories,
to place a better light on the Colorado project. I would like to believe
that such a breakdown of our search for truth could not happen, especially in the loftiest ranks of science. Sadly, apparently it did happen
in 1968. 
Notes
l. jacobs (1975), 35-62.
2. Communication from A. Francis Arcier to Maj. Gen. Dougher, April1, 1960
(Project Blue Book administrative files, National Archives).
3. Communication from Robert Friend to Edward Wynn, April9, 1962. (Project
Blue Book administrative files, National Archives).
4. Robert Hippler, "Scientific Panel to Investigate Reported Sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects," April 22, 1966 (Project Blue Book administrative files, National Archives).
5. Wesley Brittin, Edward Condon, and Thurston Manning, A Proposal to Air
Force Office of Scientific Research for Support of Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects. Boulder, CO: November 1, 1966. (American Philosophical Library and
Center for UFO Studies files.)
6. Memo from Robert]. Low to E. james Archer and Thurston E. Manning, August 9, 1966 (American Philosophical Library and Center for UFO Studies files).
7. Saunders and Harkins (1969).
8. Untitled memo from Robert]. Low to Edward Condon concerning upcoming
Air Force briefing of january 13, 1967 (American Philosophical Library files);
Communication from Franklin E. Roach to Edward Condon, January 20, 1967
(American Philosophical Library files): David R. Saunders, "Framework for the
Analysis of UFO Data," memorandum, December 7, 1966 (American Philosophical Library files); David R. Saunders, "The Wertheimer-Zeno Paradox," memorandum, January 21, 1967 (American Philosophical Library files); Communication
from james Wadsworth to Charley, February ll, 1967 (Center for UFO Studies
files); Michael Wertheimer, "Report of Investigation of 1952 Washington Sightings," 9-ll (American Philosophical Library files).
9. Robert]. Low. Audiotaped lecture at jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, October 1967 (Richard Hall files).
10. Colorado Project, "Air Force Advisory Panel Briefing," january 12, 1967
(American Philosophical Library files).
11. Communication from Robert Hippler to Edward Condon, January 16, 1967
(American Philosophical Library files).
12. Elmira (NY) Star-Gazette, "Most UFOs Explainable, Says Scientist," January
26, 1967 (Center for UFO Studies files).
13. Communication from Robert]. Low to Robert Hippler, January 27, 1967
(American Philosophical Library files).
14. Robert]. Low. Audiotaped lecture atJet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, October 1967 (Richard Hall files).
15. Colorado Project. Notes of meeting, June 30, 1967 (Center for UFO Studies
files); Colorado Project. Untitled handwritten notes for June 30, 1967 meeting
(American Philosophical Library files).
16. Robert]. Low. Untitled "informal position paper," April 21, 1967 (American
Philosophical Library files).
17. Communication from Edward U. Condon to Lester Grinspoon, july 24, 196 7
(American Philosophical Library files).
18. Colorado Project. Meeting on November 13, 1967 (American Philosophical
Library files).
19. Robert]. Low. Untitled "informal position paper," April 21, 1967 (American
Philosophical Library files).
20. Colorado Project, "Notes on Internal Meeting of Thursday, July 6, 1967"
(Center for UFO Studies files).
21. Colorado Project. "First Meeting of the C.U. UFO Investigators" (American
Philosophical Library files).
22. Saunders and Harkins (1969); Letter from Donald E. Keyhoe to Edward
Condon, November 14, 1967 (Center for UFO Studies files).
23. Saunders and Harkins (1969); Roy Craig (1995).
24. Colorado Project. Meeting on November 13, 1967 (American Philosophical
Library files).
25. Saunders and Harkins (1969); Letter from David R. Saunders to Allen
Hynek, November 29, 1967 (Center for UFO Studies files); Letter from James E.
McDonald to David Saunders, November 27, 1967 (Richard Hall files).
26. McCarthy (1975); Letter from james E. McDonald to Robert Low, January 31, 1968 (Richard Hall files).
27. Saunders and Harkins (1969).
28. Communication from Mary Lou Armstrong to Edward Condon, February
24, 1968 (Center for UFO Studies files).
29. Craig (1995).
30. Daniel Gillmor, Final Report of the Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects (New York: Bantam Books, 1968).
31. Note from Dan Culberson to Edward Condon, summer 1968 (American
Philosophical Library files).
32. Fuller(1968).
33. Communication from Frank Drake to Frederick Seitz, May 13, 1968 (American Philosophical Library files).
34. Boffey (1968).
35. Colorado Project, "S-L File," collection of letters relating to the SaundersLevine charges and dismissals and legal problems (American Philosophical Library files).
36. Communication from Edward U. Condon to Dean T. E. Manning, May 13,
1968; May 21, 1968; May 29, 1968; May 31, 1968 (University of Colorado files).
37. Communication from Thornton Page to Edward Condon, February 16, 1968
(American Philosophical Library files).
38. William Hartmann. Draft of Final Report photoanalysis chapter (American
Philosophical Library files).
39. Nature (1969).
40. Communication from Fred Whipple to Allen Hynek, May 7, 1969 (Center
for UFO Studies files).
41. Communication from Frederick Durant to Charles Gibbs-Smith, February
26, 1970 (Smithsonian Institution files).
42. Communication from]. Allen Hynek to jenny Zeidman,june 19, 1970 (Center for UFO Studies files).
43. AIAA Subcommittee (1970).
44. Sturrock (1974).
45. Robert]. Low. Untitled "informal position paper," April21, 1967 (American
Philosophical Library files).
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
During and after the lifetime of the University of Colorado UFO Project, the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA)
made an independent examination of the subject. AIAA appointed a
UFO Subcommittee, chaired by Joachim P. Kuettner of the Environmental Research Laboratories, National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, Boulder, CO, "To gain a fresh and objective perspective on the UFO problem."
In 1970 the subcommittee was somewhat critical of certain critics
of the Condon Committee, pointing out the difficulty of the task the
Colorado group had undertaken, but nevertheless dissented from the
core findings of the Condon Committee. Its members pointed out the
need to study the full Condon report, not summaries of it:
There are differences in the opinions and conclusions drawn by the authors of the various chapters, and there are differences between these
and Condon's summary. Not all the conclusions contained in the report
itself are fully reflected in Condon's summary .... The UFO Subcommittee did not find a basis in the report for his prediction that nothing
of scientific value will come of further studies ....
Taking all evidence which has come to the Subcommittee's attention
into account, we find it difficult to ignore the small residue of well-documented but unexplainable cases which form the hard core of the
UFO .... a phenomenon with such a high ratio of unexplained cases
(about 30%) should arouse sufficient scientific curiosity to continue its
study ... the Subcommittee also strongly feels that, from a scientific
and engineering standpoint, it is unacceptable to simply ignore substantial numbers of unexplained observations and to close the book
about them on the basis of premature conclusions." ("UFO: An Appraisal of the Problem." A Statement by the UFO Subcommittee of the
AIAA, Astronautics &: Aeronautics, November 1970.)
The following reports on the Freedom of Information Act and Citizens Against UFO Secrecy were contributed by Barry Greenwood,
former director, Citizens Against UFO Secrecy, and UFO historian.
UFOs and The Freedom of Information Act
by Barry Greenwood
In 1966, Congress enacted legislation to increase public access to government records. Called the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), this
legislation allowed average citizens to obtain copies of internal government information provided such information did not fall under
any of nine exemptions.
Briefly, these exemptions, under U.S. Code (5 U.S.C., Section 552),
cover:
BI-National security matters defined by Presidential Executive
Orders
B2-Internal personnel rules and practices of an agency
B3-Matters specifically exempted by statute
B4-Trade secrets and commercial or financial information
B5-Interagency or intra-agency documents not available by law to
a party in other than legal actions
B6-lnvasion of personal privacy
B7-Investigative records compiled for law enforcement purposes
B8-Records relating to regulation or supervision of financial institutions
B9-Geological and geophysical information
A number of amendments were added in 1974, essentially requiring
timely responses, a problem until this time. In addition, inquirers only
had to provide a reasonable description of data sought, not exact titles
and dates.
With this, researchers saw the possibilities of extracting, by force of
law, documents relating to UFOs, long known to exist but generally
inaccessible. A simple letter stating the nature of the request for
documents, citation that the request was under the Freedom of Information Act, and a willingness to pay reasonable fees in large record retrieval efforts was enough to open the door to waves of new information about UFOs.
Early requests were sent to agencies like the Air Force, FBI, CIA,
and others known to have been directly involved in UFO investigations. In some cases documents were obtained quickly, in others some
agencies-notably the CIA and National Security Agency (NSA)-
became obstinate about releasing their records, claiming that the information was being withheld for, among other reasons, national se-
curity. The irony of this claim was that these same agencies had agreed
earlier that the UFO phenomenon was not a threat to national security.
Lawsuits were filed against the CIA and NSA during the late 1970s
and early 1980s with mixed success. In both cases materials continued to be withheld after all legal options had been exhausted. The
withholding of documents virtually guaranteed that the UFO phenomenon would remain a mystery for many years to come in the eyes
of the news media and the public. If there was nothing to UFOs, why
the secrecy?
Successful FOIA requests contributed to a regular flow of UFO
documents from the earliest years to the present. It is estimated that
some 4,000 pages of records were released up to 1984, and that at
least that many more were released between 1985 and 1995. The flow
of documents has slowed considerably in recent years, however, with
cuts in FOIA staff at federal agencies and a general watering down of
response times by agencies. This has created frustratingly long delays
in acquiring desired information, sometimes lasting years.
Yet, during the time that the Freedom of Information Act worked
efficiently, it was an invaluable tool in acquiring long unseen records
detailing the history of government UFO investigations, records that
otherwise may have been lost forever. 
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy
by Barry Greenwood
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) had its beginnings in 1977,
primarily as a lobbying group to force government agencies to release
all of their withheld UFO materials. Armed with the FOIA and extensive pro bono legal aid, CAUS was able to bring the battle for documents into the public eye with involvement in several high-profile
lawsuits against government agencies. While the lawsuits met with
only limited success, they showed that the government had been less
than completely candid about its role in UFO investigations through
the years.
Headed initially by W Todd Zechel, CAUS was able to gather a
number of knowledgable UFO investigators who had specialized in
historical matters relating to government (Brad Sparks, Larry Bryant,
and Barry Greenwood) along with others who contributed in varying
degrees to the flow of extracted paperwork. The organized effort by
CAUS was vital because it kept duplication of effort to a minimum
and allowed resources to be directed where needed.
As the 1980s were underway, a general slackening of UFO interest,
plus the difficulty of obtaining low-cost legal aid, made lawsuits
against withholding agencies more difficult. Despite an effort by Larry
Bryant to keep CAUS viable, it closed its doors in 1982.
In 1984, a different role for a revived CAUS became a reality. Seeing the need for a regular organ to update research on government
UFO secrecy, researchers Larry Fawcett and Barry Greenwood (authors of Clear Intent) decided to bring CAUS back to anchor the document retrieval effort once again, but not as a lobbying group. Instead, it would be strictly a research organization reporting on the
document flow as it came via the FOIA, without commitment to any
particular belief system about UFOs.
CAUS continues to report new document discoveries, but also pursues a policy of ensuring that these discoveries are not exploited for
unscrupulous purposes in writing revisionist UFO history.
(Editorial Note: Since this was written, Greenwood has severed all
relations with CAUS due to a "takeover" of the organization by attorney Peter Gersten whose interests diverge from Greenwood's.) 
Human Flight Technology and UFOs
by Don Berliner
(Note: In the years between 1947 and 1997, major advances have
been made in human technology. They include transistors, high-powered personal computers, strides in materials science, space exploration, lasers, and advanced atomic weapons, along with sophisticated
military strike force electronics technology. Skeptics often insist that
naive witnesses seeing our own advanced technology are reporting it
as UFOs. Don Berliner, an aviation and aerospace writer and historian, addresses this issue below.)
As the world moved into the mid-l960s no known flying machine
resembled the most commonly reported UFOs: no disc-shaped, oval,
cylindrical, spherical aircraft.
Some very high-performance airplanes were being tested by the
United States, the Soviets, and, to a considerably lesser extent, other
countries. But while some of these were unusually fast, none looked
like a UFO, none was capable of flying silently, none was capable of
the violent maneuvers so often reported for UFOs, none was able to
fly supersonically without creating a sonic boom, and none was able
to display spectacular acceleration.
The most radical airplane now known to have been tested in secret
during the mid-1960s was the Lockheed SR-71 "Blackbird," a Mach
3+ spyplane that was shaped differently from any previous aircraft.
But it also was unlike any reported UFO. The A-ll forerunner of this
fascinating aircraft made its first flight from the secret base at Groom
Lake, NV, on April19, 1962. Today, the SR-71 is said to be retired, and
examples are on display in museums, yet its performance remains
classified. Generally accepted figures include a maximum altitude
near 100,000 feet and a top speed over 2,500 mph (Mach 4).
The SR-71 holds all the major world speed records, and has never
been challenged by any Soviet Union or other interceptor. Still, it flies
like any other airplane, is not especially maneuverable at high speed,
makes considerable noise, and can neither hover nor visibly accelerate in the air.
The SR-7l's technology dates back to about 1960, some 35 years
ago. Since most advanced research is conducted in secrecy, the extent
of aeronautical development since 1960 can only be guessed at. The
35 years prior to the era of the SR-71 (1925-1960) took the world
from open-cockpit biplanes to Mach 3+ jet and rocket airplanes.
Comparable progress in technology since 1960 may have produced
airplanes of highly advanced, and quite possibly UFO-like performance. If so, the technology remains top secret.
UFO-like Characteristics of Advanced Airplanes
One characteristic of many UFOs-radar invisibility-has been
achieved by American "stealth" airplanes, including the Lockheed F117 fighter (first flight,june 18, 1981) and the Northrop B-2 bomber
(first flight, july 17, 1989). While neither is literally "invisible" to
radar, they both produce such tiny blips on radar screens that they are
lost in the clutter of radar reflections from birds, and in static. This
should not be interpreted as evidence that UFOs use the same technology to evade radar, however, nor that our success in achieving this
is necessarily the result of our use of alien technology.
Airplanes such as the F-117 and B-2 may have unusual shapes, but
they still fly using time-tested theories of flight and respond to the
forces of lift, drag, thrust, and gravity as do older airplanes. Their odd
shapes are the result of efforts to reduce the size of their radar "signatures": features such as jagged trailing edges on their wings and sharp
corners. The ability of UFOs to hover almost motionless for extended
periods of time and then accelerate suddenly has long fascinated stu-
dents of the subject. As much as these capabilities may be coveted by
the builders and operators of military airplanes, there is no hint that
it has been achieved.
The "Harrier," a vertical take-off attack fighter developed by
Hawker, a forerunner of British Aerospace Corp., and now built on license by McDonnell-Douglas Corp. in the United States, can hover,
albeit while making a terrific racket. It can then gradually accelerate
into more normal airplane-like flight. But its acceleration is slow and
is accomplished by swiveling the exhaust nozzles of its powerful turbojet engine. There is nothing mysterious about the flight of a "Harrier."
UFO-shaped aircraft, at least those resembling discs, have flown,
but only at low speed. The Chance Vought V-173 "Flying Pancake" of
the mid-1940s never exceeded 150 mph, nor did it ever fly outside of
Connecticut and New York. The XFSU-1 Navy fighter version intended to be high performance may have made a brief lift-off from a
runway before being broken up when the project ran out of money
just after World War II.
The Avro Canada VZ-9V "Avrocar," which looked like an artist's
conception of a "flying saucer," is generally recognized as having been
a failure. The NASA report on its testing (TN D-1432) says it was seriously underpowered and unstable. Rumors that it was a success and
led to larger craft of superior performance have never been supported
by any evidence.
Other disc-shaped airplanes have been low-budget, low-performance affairs. On the design front, however, the disc shape has inspired
many examples that have gotten at least as far as the U.S. Patent Office. One particularly impressive design effort is a large disc (estimated 60 feet diameter) credited to Nathan C. Price and assigned to
Lockheed when the patent was awarded in late 1963 (Patent No.
3,103,324). The amount of detail in the patent drawings suggests it
was more than simply an amusing exercise. The patent is for a "high
velocity, high altitude V.T.O.L. aircraft."
1990s UFOs
While most UFOs reported during the past few years are said to be
disembodied lights that cavort in the night skies, increasingly more
are said to resemble boomerangs and triangles. Although both of these
shapes are known among man-made airplanes (as flying wings and
delta-wings), these UFOs' reported performance places them firmly in
a separate category. Most are reportedly able to fly silently at ex-
Historical Developments
Sept. 10, 1963 N.C. PRICE 3,103,324
HIGH VELOCITY HIGH ALTITUDE V. T .O.L. AIRCRAFT
Filed Jan. 23, 1953
Lockheed disc aircraft patent (1963).
12 Sheets-Sheet 1
INVENTOR.
NATHAN C. PRICE
BY
/~
A _/_ ..
623
tremely low speed (5 to 10 mph at times) and then quickly accelerate
to very high speed. This mixture of balloon and airplane performance
violates known principles of aeronautical science and technology.
There are large delta-winged airplanes, such as the Concorde su-
personic transport and the RAF's Avro Vulcan heavy bomber, and
boomerang-shaped airplanes, such as the Northrop B-2 stealth
bomber. But these are otherwise quite conventional airplanes lacking
any UFO-like performance characteristics.
Although UFOs appear to be able to fly supersonically within the
atmosphere without creating a sonic boom, no man-made airplane is
known to have this capability. The Boeing Airplane Company, while
designing a supersonic airliner in the 1960s, determined that an airplane with a perfectly flat bottom would create a shock wave that
would never intersect the earth, and thus would not cause a sonic
boom. There is no evidence that such an airplane has been built, let
alone flown, so the theory remains untested.
As the world moves through the mid-1990s, there is no evidence
that any nation has built aircraft having both the shape and the performance of UFOs. The Russians, plagued by debilitating economic
problems, no longer are considered in the front line of aviation research and development. This leaves the United States as the only
possible source of aircraft resembling UFOs, but all knowledge of current and recent activity in this line is concealed behind a solid wall of
secrecy.
It is possible that some American aircraft being tested in and over
the vast spaces of Nevada have performance and/or shapes long considered the exclusive property of UFOs. But even if this is the case today, it still cannot explain the disc-shaped, oval, cylindrical, and
spherical craft that so baffled observers in the first few decades of the
UFO era. Nor can it explain the violent maneuvers and spectacular acceleration reported for UFOs, since the former are accomplished by
ordinary airplanes only in connection with catastrophic accidents,
and the latter are impossible for ordinary airplanes. 
Experimental Airplanes of the Late 1940s
by Don Berliner
Bell X-1 Series
X-1 #l (USAAF 46-062): first flight Aprilll, 1947; Mach l+ October 14, 1947; retired May 12, 1950. On public view at Smithsonian Air
&: Space Museum.
X-1 #2 (USAAF 46-063): first flight December 9, 1946. Converted
to X-IE (see below).
X-1 #3 (USAAF 46-064): never flew under power. Destroyed on
ground November 9, 1951.
X-1A (USAF 48-1384): first flight February 21, 1953. Destroyed
August 8, 1955.
X-lB (USAF 48-1385): first flight October 8, 1954. On public view
in Air Force Museum.
X-1D (USAF 48-1386): never flew under power. Destroyed August
22, 1951.
X-1E (USAAF 46-063): converted from X-1 #2, first flight December 15, 1955. On public view at Edwards AFB.
Bell X-2 Series
X-2 #1 (USAAF 46-674): first flight November 11, 1955. Destroyed
in flight September 27, 1956 after reaching Mach 3.196.
X-2 #2 (USAAF 46-675): never flew under power. Destroyed over
Lake Ontario May 12, 1953.
Douglas D-588-I Skystreak
#1 (BuAer 37970): first flight April 14, 1947; set world speed
record August 20, 1947. On public view at U.S. Navy Museum, Pensacola, FL.
#2 (BuAer 37971): set world air speed record August 25, 1947.
#3 (BuAer 37972): On public view at Washington Navy Yard. 
Lockheed High-Tech Airplanes:
Chronology of Development
by Don Berliner
August 4, 1955: First flight of U-2 spyplane by Tony LeVier at
Groom Lake, NV.
July 4, 1956: First overflight of Soviet Union by CIA-operated U-2.
May 1, 1960: U-2 pilot Francis Gary Powers shot down, Soviet
Union overflights ended. Reconnaissance flights over other areas continued, along with weather and other research flights
April 19, 1962: First flight of A-ll, prototype of SR-71 Blackbird
Mach 3 spyplane, at Groom Lake, NV
December 1, 1977: First flight of XST (code name "Have Blue"),
proof of concept vehicle for F-117 stealth fighter
June 18, 1981: First flight ofF-117, from secret base near Tonopah,
UT.

========================================================================
SECTION XVI. Implications and Issues

If UFOs are extraterrestrial (or otherworldly) in origin, full realization of this fact, alone, would have sweeping implications for society. However, the exact effect that such a discovery might have would
depend on the nature of our interaction with the beings and how
much we know about them. The effect of extraterrestrial contact on
society also would depend on how prepared the populace was and
how the information was released. Many of the issues involved were
discussed in a Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR) Issue Paper. 1
Have UFOs crashed, and have bodies been retrieved? Are humans
being abducted for some kind of medical research or genetic experimentation? If either (or both) of these is true, full disclosure to the
public could be very unsettling. However, hiding our heads in the
sand, far from preventing disruption, is more likely to lead to panic.
If UFOs do indeed represent visitors from another world, some of the
implications are explored here.
As Dr. Barry Downing asks in his essay (see below): "Who are these
guys? What do they want?" The answers to these deceptively simple
questions will be profoundly important for the future of humankind.

Government Cover-Up

Few serious students of UFO history doubt that the U.S. Government
has withheld important information about UFOs. This can be documented to a certain degree. Disagreements do exist over how much the
government knows and is deliberately withholding. 2 In part, the secrecy is a direct outgrowth of increased bureaucracy following World
War II and the exigencies of the Cold War years. Excessive secrecy has
become ingrained in government.
The Cold War is over, so every effort should be made to ease government secrecy in general and to urge full disclosure of all UFO-related information in official files. Continued secrecy is inimical to the
democratic way of life, and ultimately breeds contempt for our leaders. Furthermore, the implications of UFOs are worldwide. Their existence has become obvious; continued denial of it is likely to undermine confidence in government.
Paternalistic thinking and elitist attitudes do not justify continued
secrecy. No matter what the truth, the public-indeed, the worldneeds to know. If not spaceships, what are they? And if we do have
visitors, we need to find out all we can about them.

News Media

Coverage of the UFO subject by major news media has been, for the
most part, shallow, biased, and passive. The entire nature of news reporting is at issue. 3 UFO sightings even by respected citizens seldom
are reported beyond the local level, and then usually with tongue-incheek references to Little Green Men, ET, or alcohol consumption.
Why? Probably because newspeople take their cues from authorities
on most such issues, and authorities have given them no reason to
take UFOs seriously.
When a UFO sighting or UFO-related story occasionally does get
national coverage, the television network anchors tend to smirk and
make jokes. A complete absence of even the most rudimentary investigative reporting and an apparent complete acceptance of authoritative-sounding statements by skeptical scientists are at the root of the
problem.
The major news media, including news magazines such as Time
and Newsweek, have shown no initiative at all about digging into the
UFO story. When things like so-called crop circles are in the news,
these agencies brush over facts in favor of jokes. The few TV network
attempts at "documentary reports" on UFOs have featured skeptics
and kooks, with predictable results.
The largest and most powerful news media probably will be the last
to wake up to the UFO reality they have been ignoring. The unfortunate effect of their intransigence has been to mislead the public and
government representatives into thinking that nothing of any consequence has been observed (see section XI).

Impact on Society

Opinion is divided on the vital question of humankind's ability to accept the reality of space visitors and get on with life without severe
disruption of society. However, different assumptions can lead to different conclusions. If the visitors did not "take over" (in the sense of
conquest and domination) and maintained a relatively low profile,
their presence probably would not be severely disruptive. It all depends on "what these guys want" and what kind of relationship they
want with us. Are they benign visitors who are merely curious and
wish to communicate with us, or are they intrusive would-be residents or overlords who have their own agenda that conflicts with our
own?
An early scholarly opinion about what it all might mean was expressed by Yale University social scientist, Dr. Harold D. Lasswell:
"The implications of the unidentified flying objects (UFO) may be
that we are already viewed with suspicion by more advanced civilizations and that our attempts to gain a foothold elsewhere [through
space travel) may be rebuffed as a threat to other systems of public order."
The eminent psychologist and philosopher Carl G. Jung wrote
fairly extensively about UFOs, including a book and letters to various
UFO researchers, among them the author.' In regard to potential
panic, he wrote (circa 1958), "One does not faint with regard to the
H-bomb." His implication was that at that time we were living with
the reality of H-bombs over our heads, and we did not cower in fear
or panic (although we did build bomb shelters). Yet, about a year later
he wrote: "[If UFOs should prove to be space visitors) we would find
ourselves in the same critical position as primitive societies confronted with the superior culture of the white man. The reins of power
would be taken from our hands .... Our spiritual progress would be
hopelessly anticipated, and consequently paralyzed. And of course
our science would immediately have to be put in the attic. "6
A Brookings Institution report prepared for NASA and issued in
December 1960, recommended that the world prepare itself for contact with extraterrestrial life. Such a discovery, author Donald N.
Michael suggested, could stimulate an all-out effort to contact them,
or could lead to sweeping changes in human civilization. He added:
"Societies sure of their own place have disintegrated when confronted
by a superior society, and others have survived even though changed.
Clearly, the better we understand the factors involved in responding
to such crises the better prepared we may be." 7
Sociologist Ron Westrum expressed concerns about the implications of ET contact for our society:
I think in some respects UFOs could present us with a situation analogous to captivity or conquest, or even more closely, to a child's relation
to an unpredictable parent. The temptation in such circumstances to
become passive and autistic is very strong. One need only consider how
contact with superior technology introduced benignly can be disastrous, to appreciate what such technology introduced indifferently or
malignantly might do. Societies which pride themselves on their technical superiority and advancement (as ours does) would seem particularly vulnerable ....
One should not be fooled by the trivial effects on our society which
UFOs now exert. UFOs are a Protean force. It is wise to consider not
just the actual, but also potential, behavior. What UFOs do now should
not be taken as a given; it could too easily change. 
Another sociologist who specializes in social psychology,
Robert L. Hall, has stated that fear of mass panic or individual human overreaction to extraterrestrial contact is basically a "popular
myth" not grounded in objective research. But the myth persists in
journalistic circles and influences public policy considerations.
It is very common that public authorities act on the assumption that
the public is likely to behave foolishly and even destructively in the
face of a threat, especially an ill-understood threat. ... In the so-called
invasion from Mars panic [Orson Welles's infamous fictional radio
broadcast about Martians landing in New jersey), the commonly held,
though distorted, view of how people reacted is based on the most extreme reactions [rather than the full range of reactions) ....
From a close study of collective behavior, my informed guess as to
how most people would react to extraterrestrial contact is that they
would seek more information, and they would engage in lots of discussion of the significance of the contact. If plenty of credible information is available, there is very little risk of any harmful or destructive
behavior of the kind we might call panic.
Dr. Michael D. Swords, professor of natural sciences at Western
Michigan University, has studied closely the history of the government's handling of UFO reports. 10 For a special report on government
UFO policy he contributed the following remarks about the potential
impact of UFOs on society:
"The revelation of an alien presence might drive us even closer together into a World Community ... the Earth is slowly heading this
way anyway. ... My guess is that, being in a rather different technostate than the Amazonian Shaman [whose 'dreams' were taken away
by contact with Western culture], we would swiftly 'create new
dreams.' Religion would adjust. Catholicism and others already have.
Galileo and Darwin were far greater challenges than ET." 11
He went on to say that there are three interrelated problems associated with ET contact: ( 1) the unknown economic impact; (2) the
subtle psychological impact of an alien presence whose objectives are
unknown; and (3) the stronger psychological impact of alien abductions that contain both apparently negative elements and unknown
objectives.
These three could possibly feed off one another to create very negative
social consequences, all founded on the awareness that the Government cannot control the phenomenon .... I believe that the economic
concerns are a red herring .... I could imagine that the human race
could adjust to the thought of covert, neutral (undamaging), alien observation in much the same way fish in a bowl might do, or, as we ourselves did living with the bomb. So the critical point is not, perhaps,
alien covert presence, but 'abduction.' ... The point is that we in the
human race have plenty of experience living with danger, threat, and
death. Even in the worst-case alien scenario ... would not we respond,
adjust, and go about our lives?
Maj. john R. King, USAF, wrote a thesis on the UFO problem as
part of his coursework for the Air Command and Staff College, Air
University, examining the political and social implications of ET contact using alternative scenarios of hostility and benevolence. 12 Some of
the political implications he foresaw were potential loss of confidence
in government and in existing political parties and changes in national policies and international power relationships. "One wonders if
considerations such as outlined above have not been causing feelings
of uneasiness in certain government quarters," he said.
Among the potential sociological consequences he envisioned were:
 Initial shock and consternation
 Loss or reduction of ego
 Modification of human values
 Decrease in status of scientists
 Reevaluation of religions
"[There could be) an almost infinite number of implications in economics, industry, the arts ... across the whole spectrum of human activity. The point is that we should be thinking about all these implications so that we can be better prepared for the day when we might
be confronted with an overt approach on the part of extraterrestrials .... The gravity of the implications for mankind in the existence
of UFOs may be the root cause for the puzzling official pronouncements and approach to the problem."
Impact on Religion
At least two surveys have been done on the question of contact with
extraterrestrial life and its impact on religion. A study by Dennis P.
Rosenbaum and Richard A. Maier involved a telephone survey of a random sample of 73 priests and ministers. The results strongly supported
two hypotheses: (l) many denominations have not yet taken a position
on the ET life issue; and (2) Christian religious fundamentalism is inversely related to belief in ET life. The authors concluded: "[The results clearly imply that) if evidence supporting the existence of extraterrestrial life increases, religious individuals and institutions that hold
tightly to the written words of the Bible will experience more dissonance and will have greater difficulty resolving the conflict than those
who prefer a less fundamental interpretation of Scripture." 13
A recent, more comprehensive, study by Victoria Alexander surveyed
1 ,000 randomly selected religious bodies in the continental United
States!" As summarized, the findings based on 230 respondents provide
evidence to dispute "the concept that religion would falter or collapse if
confronted by the reality of advanced extraterrestrial life .... "
On a response scale ranging from "strongly disagree" to "strongly
agree," the response to the first two key questions was as follows:
"Official confirmation of the discovery of an advanced technologically superior extraterrestrial civilization would have severe negative
effects on the country's moral, social and religious foundations." 48
percent disagreed; 29 percent strongly disagreed. Total: 77 percent
"My congregation would perceive any contact made with a technologically advanced civilization, direct or indirect, as a threat." 47
percent disagreed; 20 percent strongly disagreed. Total: 67 percent.
The Rev. Albert H. Baller, a Congregational minister, was a board
member of NICAP in 1964 when the original collection of case material was published under the title, The UFO Evidence. In that report,
he expressed a relatively optimistic view about the resiliency of hu-
man beings in the face of extraterrestrial contact: "What will such
contact do to our theological conceptions? What will it mean in terms
of our beliefs about God, Christ, Salvation, the unique nature of Man?
Here, again, one can only guess. But based on the record of man's reaction to other such challenges over the centuries, we may expect this
one to be taken in stride too. For this will not have been the first time,
by any means, that humankind has had to stretch its thinking and
feeling to encompass the wider revelation." 15 
Dr. Barry H. Downing, Presbyterian clergyman in Endwell, NY, has
been a prolific thinker and writer on the religious implications of
UFOs (see bibliography). The following article about the Christmas
season was first published as an original essay by Houston Sky, No. 8,
December 1995/january 1996. (The publication is since defunct.) It is
reprinted here with Dr. Downing's permission.

Light Shining in Darkness
by Barry H. Downing, Ph.D.
During the Christmas season, those who are Christians, and also interested in UFOs, undoubtedly go through a time of spiritual trial and
wonder that others do not.
In my book, The Bible and Flying Saucers, chapter four, I explore
events like the Star of Bethlehem and the angelic appearances to the
shepherds announcing the birth of jesus as possible UFO events. 16
These suggestions are not unique to my point of view. As early as
1956, M. K. Jessup, in his book, UFO and the Bible, made these kinds
of connections. 17 It has been my experience that when some Christians connect UFOs and their religion, their faith grows stronger. For
others, it blows their faith apart. But the religious dimension to UFOs
does not live in a closet.
As UFOs often hover in the sky, the religious dimension of UFOs
has hovered over our largely secular and scientific attempts to figure
out what UFOs are.
We would know what UFOs are-so the scientists in us think-if
we could measure enough landing traces or get enough good photographs, or if we interviewed enough witnesses, especially abduction
victims. Or-if we cannot find out because our science is poorly
funded-then the government, which is not poorly funded, must
know. Someday, it will leak. Then we will know. Sometime, either private or government science will tell us the truth about UFOs ... a day
of revelation will come, and science will be the voice on that day.
But the religious dimension hovers over all this, casts its shadow of
doubt, and says, "Maybe you have too much confidence in your science, in your ability to understand a Higher Reality."

A Shepherd Out in His Field

I own a herd of beef cattle. (This is my third career, my first being
Presbyterian ministry, my second, UFOs.) My cows live on a farm
about 20 miles from me, so I see them only about once a week. During pasture season, I rotate them weekly from one pasture to another.
I do this by simply calling them. They know my voice ... they come
when I call.
I often think about my cows and their relation to me as I think
about our relation to the UFO reality. (And here, my concern is not
cattle mutilations, though I think Linda Moulton Howe has done important work.)
Probably my cows know I exist. At the same time, though, they do
not have an epistemology that asks the question, how do we know that
anything really exists? What is the difference between fact, opinion,
and myth? Although cows may not ask these philosophical questions,
if they see me arrive to fix the fence, they come near and watch-hopeful that I will soon open a new gate and a new pasture for them.
When David wrote Psalm 23-himself having been a shepherd before becoming king-he wrote, "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not
want. He makes me lie down in green pastures." The shepherd owns
his sheep, his cows. He has plans for them. Yet, how much do they really know about the shepherd?
My cows have no idea that I live 20 miles from them. Like a UFO,
I show up, hover briefly, open a gate, then fly away. They have no idea
I am a Presbyterian minister, am married, have three children, and
write UFO articles. I do not know if cows have anything like what we
would call cow science, but even if they did, I don't think even the
best cow science would figure out all of the above about me. And even
if they could figure it out, what would it mean to them? If my cows
somehow were able to capture me and my car and turn their cow science loose on me and my car, what would they really end up knowing about me?
It is as I ask these questions that I find myself wondering about the
limits of our science and our human ability to know and understand
the UFO reality, a reality that in a sense we are still trying to prove exists. To some extent, our ability to understand UFOs hinges on two
things. First, how much "higher" than we are is the UFO reality, from
an intellectual and spiritual point of view? As much higher as we are
above cows? Or higher? And second, how determined is the UFO reality to communicate knowledge of itself to us?
For instance, if I could figure out a way to become incarnate as a
cow, then I might be able to communicate much of my human self to
cows in their own language (or system of reality). I cannot do that, of
course, but the Christian argument is that jesus is the incarnation of
the Divine reality, that God became man, that he is the ultimate in Divine communication. That is why Christians celebrate Christmas. As
John's Gospel says of Jesus, "In him was life, and the life was the light
of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not
overcome it" John 1:4,5).

Who Are These Guys? Some Religious Answers

For nearly 50 years, the light of UFOs has been shining in our darkness. And the darkness has not overcome it. At the same time, we
have not been able to comprehend the light. Who are these guys?
What do they want?
Even from a religious point of view, or a scientific point of view that
incorporates the religious, there have been many answers. Too many
answers. Scientists like Carl Sagan and Donald Menzel have been
happy to call UFOs a religious expression of human longing for the
transcendent. They do not think UFOs really exist in any metaphysical sense but represent what Swiss psychologist C. G. jung calls technological angels. We have created UFOs, they say, because science has
destroyed the old religion, with its angels and demons. UFOs allow us
to bring angels and demons back through the door of scientific respectability.
Writing from a religious perspective, theologians Robert Ellwood
and Ted Peters have argued the mythological view of UFOs very
well-Peters in his book, UFOs: Gods Chariots?'8
A second point of view, my own, argued in The Bible and Flying
Saucers as well as in articles like "The God Hypothesis," is that UFOs
are as "real" as the rest of our reality and that they are the cause of the
Biblical religion, and perhaps of other world religions. '9 Richard L.
Thompson, in his book Alien Identities, takes what I believe is a scientific view of UFOs similar to my own and applies that view to
Hindu religious literature. 20
Harvard psychiatrist john E. Mack, M.D., argues in his book, Abduction, that we need an Eastern point of view to understand UFOs,
that our Western scientific world view is not working. 2' His mix of
Eastern spirituality and UFOs undoubtedly helped make the Harvard
faculty uncomfortable with his work.
Thus, for Thompson, Mack, and me, there is a growing sense that
the UFO reality has shaped the development of religion and culture
on earth as we know it. This goes against the grain of secular science,
which says life on earth, and humanity in particular, simply evolved
out of a cosmic swamp. I use the word "shaped" to suggest that although the UFO reality influences human culture, at the same time,
we seem to have a great deal of independence from the UFO reality.
The UFO reality drops a religious pebble in our pond (or swamp), and
the ripples spread. But life in the pond goes on. By and large, life in
the pond can ignore the ripples if it chooses.
A third religious point of view also sees UFOs as real-but evil, or
demonic. Writers like Clifford Wilson and john Weldon have, from a
Christian fundamentalist perspective, argued that UFOs are the power
of the devil let loose on our time to make us repent before the second
coming of Christ. Some UFO abduction stories, which sound like extraterrestrial rape, give a lot of credibility to the demonic argument. I
have made an extensive summary of the demonic viewpoint in my article, "Demonic Theory of UFOs." 22
A fourth perspective takes a New Age approach to religion and
UFOs. This view often blends several world religions-Eastern and
Western-with the spiritual (as opposed to biological) doctrine of
evolution, to say that UFOs are a sign that humankind is moving to a
higher level of consciousness. This view was discussed by Kenneth
Ring in his book, The Omega Project: Near Death Experiences, UFO Encounters, and Mind at Large. 23 (Maurice Rawlings, M.D., counters
Ring's optimism, using similar near-death experiences to write his
book, To Hell and Back.)
On top of all these different points of view, we have to deal with
stories of direct religious revelation. Some of these stories are credible,
some are not, in my opinion. One contact story I do not believe is that
of Claude Vorilhon "Rael," author of The Message Given to Me by Extraterrestrials: They Took Me to Their Planet. I cannot prove Rael's story
is not true, but I don't believe it. (The fact that I don't believe Rael but
cannot "prove" him wrong makes me more patient with others who
cannot believe my point of view.)
The Light Behind a Closed Door
At the same time, Raymond E. Fowler's long work with Betty Andreasson, beginning with The Andreasson Affair, and now having pro-
gressed all the way to The Watchers II, is, in my opinion, worthy of serious religious study (see bibliography, section XIII). But like Rael's
story, I also cannot prove the Andreasson story is true. There is much
about it that seems authentic, but it only "sees through a glass darkly."
Betty Andreasson is taken by a UFO to a world where there is a door,
and we want her to reveal to us what is behind that door. But she can't
and she won't. Raymond Fowler has spent years trying to pry the door
open. It won't open.
I suspect this is the essence of the religious UFO message. Someone
or somebody is there. That Someone is very powerful. That Someone
understands human values and the human unconscious as well as its
conscious self very well-so well that it can create realities in our mind,
realities that seem as real to us as the rest of creation, the rest of our normal human encounter with life. But at the same time, Betty knows that
this Reality, this Someone is different. Seriously different from us. More
powerful, so powerful as to fill her soul with unbelievable fear.
When Abraham had a close encounter with God, the basic experience was fear. "As the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell on Abraham; and lo, a dread and great darkness fell upon him" (Genesis
15:12). When Abraham met God, it was not a joyful New Age experience. When shepherds in the darkness at Christmas saw a great light
and heard voices, "they were filled with fear" (Luke 2:9).
Whenever I attend a film in which the alien first appears, or the
UFO comes into view, the hair on the back of my neck rises. I can feel
it. Although not always, fear is often the most basic emotion reported
in close encounter cases. It would be my response. I do not want a
close encounter experience, thank you. I am happy to hear the stories
of others.
Our fear is a natural response to the unknown, to that which may
be bigger than we are, and dangerous. But the word of the angels to
the shepherds was, "Be not afraid" (Luke 2:10).
I think this is where we are supposed to be headed. In a direction
that says: UFOs are real-do not be afraid.
I do not know how we will reconcile the relation between UFOs and
our many world religions. By and large, world religious leaders do not
believe UFOs exist. If UFOs suddenly revealed their very existence
openly, religious leaders, like Abraham and the shepherds, would be
filled with fear. They would not see UFOs as lights shining in our darkness. Christian fundamentalists would remind us that the devil disguises himself as an angel of light (2 Corinthians 11:14). Even Budd
Hopkins would say that whoever they are, they are no friend of humanity. And I cannot prove that UFOs are not evil. They may be.
But from my point of view, UFOs are not destroying us. They are
courting us ... making themselves powerfully present to some, like
Betty Andreasson, but sparing more of us the encounter experience,
the shock experience.
Fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. The light is shining
in our darkness. Our first reaction is fear, but in time, we will move
beyond fear, as have those like jacques Vallee. We will move from fear
to wonder. And as we wonder, we will have to wonder about humans
in the past who have seen light in the sky, light shining in darkness,
the "pillar of cloud and of fire" of the Exodus, the chariot of fire of Elijah, the angel light shining in darkness at Christmas.
As we wonder, we may dare hope that we humans are not some
kind of cosmic accident. That we are here for a purpose. We cannot
see, or-like my cows-perhaps our science cannot understand, the
Truth and the Reality, behind the door Betty Andreasson has seen. But
someday we shall see. And as we go through that door, we will move
from our world of darkness to a world of light. When we make this
move through the door, it will be a move planned for us humans from
the foundation of the world.
That, for me, is the UFO light shining in our darkness (B.H.D., see
Acknowledgments). 

Science and Skepticism

Most rational students of the UFO phenomenon act on the assumption that if scientists were only aware of the serious evidence, they
would respond with the inquiring and objective attitude that is supposed to be the hallmark of science. However, in addition to being
very busy working on mainline science projects, scientists are human
in their prejudices. The "silly" image of UFOs reflected in the tabloids
apparently is a strong negative influence on scientists, and they tend
to write off the subject as nonsense without being aware of the serious evidence.
Furthermore, as Thomas S. Kuhn has argued so eloquently, the reaction of scientists to anomalies-to facts that don't fit the reigning scientific paradigm (model)-is seldom one of curiosity and a desire to
explore the anomalies. More often the anomalies are ignored in the belief that the current paradigm eventually will explain them. Thus,
skeptics tend to write off UFO sightings as something prosaic that
fooled the observer. Only when a new paradigm is recognized, one that
is able to encompass the anomalies, and older adherents of the reigning paradigm begin to die off, are the anomalies accepted as factual.
In The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, Kuhn says:
Discovery commences with the awareness of anomaly, i.e., with the
recognition that nature has somehow violated the paradigm-induced
expectations that govern normal science. It then continues with a more
or less extended exploration of the area of anomaly. And it closes only
when the paradigm theory has been adjusted so that the anomalous becomes the expected. Assimilating a new sort of fact demands a more
than additive adjustment of theory, and until that adjustment is completed-until the scientist has learned to see nature in a different
way-the new fact is not quite a scientific fact at all." 24
Self-styled UFO skeptics have argued that all UFO reports are mistaken observations of conventional objects and prosaic events. However, their style of argumentation tends to be that of polemicists and
debunkers rather than true skeptics. The skeptical tradition in philosophy is a long and honorable one that, unfortunately, is not being
followed by Philip Klass and his colleagues in the Committee for Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP).
Instead of the doubting, questioning, but studious and inquiring
attitude of the true skeptic, those in CSICOP clearly perceive themselves as Defenders of Science (historical skeptics were doubters of
conventional scientific wisdom) against incursions by antiscientific
"believers" and engage in ad hominem arguments. Their point man,
Klass (as did his mentor Donald Menzel before him), characterizes
UFO proponents as cultists, myth-makers, exploiters, escapists, irrational believers, profiteers, and worse."
The skeptics sometimes damn serious UFOlogists with faint praise,
but call them "enthusiasts" and "buffs" prone to a "pseudoreligious ... notion of benevolent saviors from the sky" 2" and/or "conspiracy fantasies. "27 This approach smacks of guilt by association: Because some UFO adherents are naive and unscientific, with a strong
"will to believe," all are similarly motivated. The entire subject is portrayed as "unscientific" and not deserving of attention.
As political and social satirist jonathan Swift said, "There is none
so blind as they that won't see."
The case for UFOs does not in any way depend on starry-eyed attitudes and wishful thinking. Very much to the contrary, witnesses in
close encounter cases seldom view them as something wonderful or
beneficial. Instead, they typically are badly frightened and their lives
often are disrupted. Also, the claim that important UFO information
has been withheld is based on objective evidence. It has nothing to do
with conspiratorial thinking.
A sizeable body of factual data exists that is being ignored by science. Part of the reason for this "blind spot" is the crackpot image
spread by the tabloids, and part of the reason is the misrepresentation
of the evidence by the debunkers.
Historian David M. jacobs has observed: "The debunkers choose to
view themselves as hardbitten realists doing battle with fuzzy-minded
idealists and dreamers. They understand the real world while the ufologists are dreamers who believe in fantasies .... Historians regard the
Joe McCarthy 1950s] anti-Communist hysteria as a shameful
episode. When historians judge the role of the debunkers in the UFO
controversy, the verdict may well be the same. "28
The "scientific" debunkers tend not to be credentialed scientists at
all, but instead popular writers with some degree of technical experience. Most appear to have a very poor understanding of the scientific
method and of how science is supposed to operate, even though it
doesn't always operate that way. As astronomer J. Allen Hynek once
said, "Science is not always what scientists do. "29 Regrettably, few
practicing scientists have taken the time to screen out the "noise" and
study the hard-core UFO reports. Those who have done so tend to advocate closer scientific scrutiny of the problem.
Astronomer Thornton Page, member of a 1953 scientific panel that
debunked UFOs, later studied the UFO question in more depth. In his
foreword to a 1981 book about applications of science to study of
UFOs he said: "In the 1960s prominent scientists such as the late Edward U. Condon and Donald Menzel insisted, somewhat emotionally,
that all UFO reports are either frauds or can be fully explained in conventional terms .... I am sure that we must leave the door open-or
slightly ajar-for evidence of new phenomena. . . . [A lot of pseudoscience has been published by various authors]. Another, smaller
group of authors, including Condon, Menzel, and Philip Klass, has
made an equally regrettable pseudoscientific attempt to 'debunk" the
whole UFO matter. "30
Page went on to say that when Condon's University of Colorado
UFO Project report was published in 1969, "it seemed to be unscientific and inconsistent." Therefore, he helped to organize a UFO symposium at a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science later that year. 31
Although partially understandable, scientific inattention to UFOs
is unfortunate and has been at the heart of the confusion about the
significance of UFOs all along. Busy scientists consulted by the Air
Force in the 1940s and 1950s took only a superficial look, began their
analyses with unjustifiable assumptions of how space visitors ought to
behave, and generally waved off Air Force personnel who were troubled by what their aircrews and radar operators were reporting.u
Misled by debunker stereotypes of the UFO evidence as being only
vague reports of lights in the sky, scientists tend to believe there is
nothing in UFO reports that lends itself to scientific study. The evidence in this report strongly indicates otherwise. The notion that
UFOs are mere will-o'-the-wisps is a gross misconception. Although
the time and place of UFO sightings is unpredictable and UFOs cannot be taken into a laboratory for study (a quaint view of the limits of
science), relevant data have been gathered, and more could be by a
systematic approach.
The closest analogy to study of UFOs among existing sciences is
the study of fireball meteors and other sporadic, short-lived phenomena. These involve observational science, but measurements can be
made and occasionally physical evidence can be examined once they
are spotted, even though the timing of their appearances is-for the
most part-unpredictable.

The Limits of Science

Among those scientists who have studied the UFO phenomenon seriously there is disagreement about how far science can carry us in understanding what is going on, but all agree that serious scientific study
is imperative. Author Ronald D. Story, for whose book Thornton Page
wrote the foreword, said in his introduction: "I hope to demonstrate
one overriding fact-namely, that science has its limits and can go
only so far in explaining the UFO phenomenon at the present time.
Ultimately, the subject is one that lies within the province of the philosophy of science." 33
David M. jacobs summed up the intrinsic problems of UFO research succinctly:
Unfortunately the UFO phenomenon does not easily lend itself to systematic study. The evidence for its existence is largely anecdotal, and
with human testimony comes human failures and vagaries. Because the
phenomenon is not predictable, no one can tell when or where a sighting will occur or when a wave of sightings will begin. Once sighted, a
UFO will not stay in one place long enough for anything but its effects
(if, for example, it leaves traces on the ground) to be scientifically
measured and analyzed.
UFOs themselves cannot of course be reproduced in a laboratory. ...
[But the phenomenon] is a legitimate if difficult subject for scientific
inquiry .... Because few scientists have [carefully studied the literature
and conducted field investigations), most know practically nothing
about UFOs. Their ignorance of the subject has much to do with their
attitudes toward it.""
The stress should be on the word "easily" in the first sentence. Phenomena much less tangible and immediate than UFOs, and with far
less crucial implications for humanity, are well funded for scientific
study every day. On the macroscopic level these include so-called
Black Holes, Quasars, and many other cosmological constructs that
deal with hypothetical phenomena that in many cases are not even
known to exist.
Their study, of course, is of long-range importance to our understanding of the universe and our place in it. However, these truly remote phenomena do not interact with us with the immediacy of
UFOs, nor do they pose any direct threat or concern to our society.
Similarly on the microscopic level, quantum mechanics and a bewildering array of subatomic particles or energies that defy direct observation, much less easy description or categorization, receive ample
research support. Why? Mainly because they are seen as part of the accepted scientific paradigm (or an attempt to save it), though at times
a somewhat ad hoc part of it.
The reported facts and data about UFOs have the strong potential
to advance our understanding of both the macroscopic and the microscopic universe. Once this is recognized, UFOs could well prove to
be the key to a major advance in human knowledge. But until the
"new facts" are assimilated by scientists, UFOs will remain scientific
outcasts, and those who bear witness to them will continue to be
ridiculed.
Scientist Frank B. Salisbury, an advocate of UFO research, has expressed some doubts about how far science can take us. Because of
problems of data gathering and interpretation, he suggests: "Science
probably cannot [solve the UFO mystery) .... If the UFOs are being
directed by some truly superhuman intelligence, then science probably cannot prove their origin either, because obtaining proof would be
dependent upon the will of that superintelligence." 35
Even the "dean" of scientific UFOlogy, Dr. ]. Allen Hynek, ex-
pressed skepticism about scientific study of UFOs-or at least about
what methodology could be applied successfully. He pointed out, with
reference to the Condon Committee study at the University of Colorado, that the extraterrestrial hypothesis was basically not falsifiable
and therefore was not the best approach. Instead, he advocated computerized study of the patterns among sightings.
It would have been preferable, he said, for Condon to approach
UFO study via what he called the "Nonexplainability Hypothesis."
This postulates: "There exists a phenomenon, described by the content of UFO reports, which presently is not physically explainable. "36

What Could Science Do?

On the issue of what science could do, once aware of the scope and
seriousness of the data, there are also differences of opinion, but little
doubt that much more could and should be done. In testimony before
Congress, the late Dr. james E. McDonald, an atmospheric physicist,
made a case for rapid escalation of scientific attention to UFOs:
I wish to emphasize that my own study of the UFO problem has convinced me that we must rapidly escalate serious scientific attention to
this extraordinarily intriguing puzzle. I believe that the scientific community has been seriously misinformed for twenty years about the potential importance of UFOs .... I am convinced that the recurrent observations by reliable citizens here and abroad over the past twenty
years cannot be brushed aside as nonsense, but rather need to be taken
extremely seriously as evidence that some phenomenon is going on
which we simply do not understand .... greatly expanded scientific
and public attention to the UFO problem is urgently needed. "37
john L. Warren, a solid state physicist employed at Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, has suggested that UFO reports appear to conflict
with our scientific knowledge. He added:
Such conflicts have occurred before in the history of human knowledge. The resolution of the conflicts has usually been revolutionary.
When physicists and chemists started investigating matter on the
atomic scale, they found that the data were not consistent with the existing theories of mechanics and electricity. A new mechanics, called
quantum mechanics, had to be developed to describe the motions of
electrons, protons and other newly discovered subatomic particles. It
was a major task of quantum mechanics to show that the new laws
somehow also explained the everyday facts of life as well as the behavior of atoms .... This possibility of a revolution in human knowledge
is why UFO research is so important.'"
Peter Wadhams (Scott Polar Research Institute, University of Cambridge, UK) has suggested a natural history model for UFO research,
which has many appealing arguments in its favor:
Since UFOs are not susceptible to laboratory study an investigation
could begin by examining all existing sightings to see whether significant patterns can be detected. This is an exercise in natural history and
statistics and the raw material is the UFO report. [A scientific approach
would involve] two parallel lines of research ... a statistical study of
existing reports, and a direct investigation of new reports. To investigate UFOs there is no need to set up observing stations packed with
electronic instruments. Sightings are rare enough that even a chain of
such stations is unlikely to record anything.
On the other hand, sightings are frequent enough to make it very
likely that UFOs are a real phenomenon upon which science cannot
turn its back. The investigative techniques to use are those of the naturalist, the detective and the statistical analyst; the ideal UFO investigator should combine the attributes of Charles Darwin, Sherlock
Holmes, and R. A. Fisher. The reward may be a fundamental change in
our outlook on the universe.'
Addressing the UFO Problem
Can science study UFOs? Of course it can, once the serious nature of
the data is recognized. The first thing that is needed is a thorough historical survey to obtain all pertinent sighting records and government
documents. Significant strides have been made in this area, despite
the restrictions imposed by manpower and funding problems. Detailed catalogues of significant information could easily be compiled
with proper funding.
In the final chapter of his 1972 book, The UFO Experience: A Scientific Inquiry, Hynek called for a redefinition of the UFO problem and new
approaches for its study. The elements of this new approach include:
 Improved data gathering and data processing
 Active on-the-spot investigations
 Obtaining quantitative observations of the UFO phenomenon
 Computer analysis for meaningful correlations
Just as observation of fireball meteors, comets, or birds (all "flying objects") can be done scientifically, so can studies of UFOs. Meteors,
comets, birds, and UFOs can sometimes be tracked by scientific instruments and photographed; the data obtained in this manner can be
analyzed; categories and classifications can be developed; trajectories
or flight paths can be studied; and physical effects and trace evidence
can be analyzed in the laboratory.
Where does a fireball meteor come from? A comet? A given bird?
Does the fact that we don't necessarily know prevent scientific study?
One of the ultimate goals of this kind of naturalistic study is to determine origins. But intermediate goals are to describe and categorize behavior or performance patterns, make quantitative measurements,
and establish the nature and magnitude of physical forces involved.
All of these can be done with UFOs.
The notion that there is nothing substantial to investigate scientifically in UFO reports is a major myth purveyed by debunkers, whose
logic and reasoning ought to be examined carefully.
Elements of a Scientific Study
A number of scientists and other researchers already have laid the
groundwork for scientific study of major aspects of UFO reports. Two
thoughtful guides for UFO investigations already exist. 40
The following outline indicates the essential elements of a scientific study of UFOs (incorporating suggestions made by Jan Aldrich,
Mark Cashman, Bill Chalker, and Drew Williamson, in addition to the
others cited above).
I. Adequate funding for well-qualified scientific personnel to conduct the appropriate types of analysis and testing, and for the
necessary administrative infrastructure.
II. Systematic gathering, internationally, of both historical and current information at one or more central reporting points. (A 24-
hour-a-day North American hotline number for reporting UFO
sightings, especially from police, pilots, and FAA radar centers,
would be very desirable, with parallel systems elsewhere.)
III. Quick reaction teams of skilled and knowledgable investigators
for field investigation and data validation, equipped with appropriate audio and video recorders and other tools.
IV: Reestablishment of past reporting networks, or establishment of
similar ones, especially the following two, which yielded many
intriguing UFO cases:
a. In the 1960s Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and
United Airlines jointly operated the worldwide Volunteer
Flight Officers Network, which reported short-lived phenomena, including UFOs, to a central point.
b. For a long time, until its merger into the Defense Mapping
Agency, the Navy Hydrographic Office issued Notice to Mariners advisories reporting unexplained phenomena observed
by the crews of ships at sea.
V. Analysis of data. The following evidential types of UFO reports
need to be carefully catalogued, documented, and analyzed:
a. E-M effects. Need to document make and year of car, type
and condition of battery, details of ignition and electrical system, etc. Specific type of diesel ignition system. Which components affected, in what order, and spatial relationship of
UFO with car throughout. 41
b. Radar. No catalogue ever compiled. Technical details of radar
systems often undocumented. Need compilation and study
of existing cases by one or more experts, recommendations
for documentation of future cases. Need to enlist support of
FAA (as major civilian operators of radar systems) and parallel agencies in other countries for case analysis, and support
of air traffic control personnel. Creation of a software filter
change for NORAD and FAA radars to store rejected radar
tracks in a database for later examination. 12
c. PhysiologicaVMedical effects. Medical record documentation
in historical cases, and continued compilation of a case catalogue. No systematic study ever done. Network of doctors to
examine witnesses injured during UFO sightings.13
d. Landing traces. Need update and expansion of Ted Phillips
catalogue. Investigation and documentation standards appear in MUFON manual. Need studies for determining the
weight required to make a particular ground trace, laboratory
analyses of trace substances and damaged foliage by soil scientists, botanists, chemists.11
e. Animal reactions. Need systematic study, further catalogue
development, veterinarian consultants. 45
f. Photos. Very little systematic study accomplished. Handful of
individuals have done most analysis, very little peer review.
Need for involvement of major facilities, adequate personnel,
thorough peer review, publication of a catalogue of validated
cases. 46
g. Statistical data. Several computer catalogues of UFO sightings exist, notably UFOCAT (Center for UFO Studies). Need
for expansion and updating, sophisticated pattern and correlation analysis.
VI. Publication and peer review of data, scientific analysis, and preliminary findings.
VII. Testing of the (conservative) hypothesis that after careful
screening and analysis of data, some UFOs represent an as-yet
unexplained, potentially significant phenomenon of worldwide
scope, giving both the appearance and some instrumented evidence of being solid, structured objects.
A scientific program along these lines would be certain to augment
our knowledge significantly, rule out some alternatives, and probably
provide a definitive test of the posed hypothesis. The obvious next hypothesis would be that UFOs are real craft of unknown origin. Real
craft should be detectable by scientific instruments, and their flight
patterns could be tracked and analyzed. If thorough investigation
were to establish that they are not operated by any society on earth,
we would have convincing proof of an otherworldly origin.
Even if we arrived at this point by using the best resources of science, we still would not necessarily have the ultimate answers to these
questions: "Who are these guys?" "What do they want?" Unless they
tell us, or take some indisputable action, our science is not likely to
give us the final answers.
Nevertheless, the stakes are exceptionally high and we have a
clearcut need to know what is going on insofar as we can determine it.
No other approach to resolving the issues offers the same promise of
providing some answers, but continued neglect and denial can only
lead to negative consequences.

----------------------------------------------------------------
Notes

1. R. H. Hall (1994c).
2. Fawcett and Greenwood (1984); Jones (1991, 1994); R. H. Hall (1988);
Berliner (1995).
3. Strentz (1970).
4. Lasswell (1958).
5. Jung (1959); Bollingen Foundation files.
6. Clark (1992), 211.
7. Donald N. Michael, Proposed Studies on the Implications of Peaceful Space Activities for Human Affairs. Washington: Brookings Institution, 1960; New York
Times, December 15, 1960.
8. Westrum (1976).
9. R. L. Hall (1990).
10. Swords (1995).
11. Hall (1994c).
12. King (1995).
13. Rosenbaum and Maier (1980).
14. Alexander (n.d.).
15. Hall (1964), 179-80.
16. Downing (1968).
17.jessup (1956).
18. Peters (1977).
19. Downing (1988).
20. Thompson (1993).
21. Mack (1994).
22. Story (1980).
23. Ring (1992).
24. Thomas S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions (Chicago: University
of Chicago Press, 1970), 52-53.
25. Klass (1968), 5-6, 265-74; Klass (1976), 419, 424-25; Menzel (1963),
199-205; Menzel (1972), 125, 145-46.
26. Oberg (1982), 13-14.
27. Menzel (1963), 271-78.
28. jacobs (1980), 125.
29. Hynek (1972), 192-213.
30. Story (1981).
31. Sagan and Page (1972).
32. U.S. Air Force (1949); Hall (1988), 155-63; Hynek (1972); Ruppelt (1956).
33. Story (1981), 26.
34. jacobs (1980), 125.
35. Salisbury (1980), 93.
36. Hynek (1972), 199-202.
37. McDonald (1968b), 83.
38. Warren (1977).
39. Wadhams(1980), 1-6.
40. Hendry (1979); Andrus (1995).
41. McCampbell (1973, 1977, 1983); Rodeghier (1981, 1988a);johnson (1988,
1989).
42. McDonald (1970a, 1970b, 1970c); McDonald in Vaughan (1995), 124-27,
164-67,169-72,213-14.
43. Niemtzow (1980); Schuessler (1988, 1995).
44. Phillips (1974, 1975); Ballester Olmos (1976b); Zeller (1976); Chalker
(1987b).
45. Heaton (1976).
46. Maccabee (see section VII, Photographs); Sainio (1992, 1993); Klein (1995).

===========================================================================
Bibliography

(See also separate bibliographies for UFO occupant cases, section XII;
and the abduction phenomenon, section XIII.)
"A Sledgehammer for Nuts." Nature 221 (1969): 899-900.
Aldrich, Jan L. Project 1947: A Preliminary Report on the 1947 UFO
Sighting Wave. Fairfax, VA: UFO Research Coalition, 1997.
Alexander, Victoria. The Alexander UFO Religious Crisis Survey: The
Impact of UFOs and Their Occupants on Religion. Las Vegas, NV: The
Bigelow Foundation, n.d.
Alonso, Manuel, et al. Argentina, Ruta de OVNis. Buenos Aires: Papeles Collection-Balcon Publishers, 1978.
Alvarez Ojea, Emilio. Con.firmado! Llegaron Los OVNis. Buenos Aires:
Laserre Publishers, 1974.
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, AIAA UFO Subcommittee. "UFO: An Appraisal of the Problem." Astronautics and
Aeronautics (November 1970): 49-51.
Andrus, Walter H. ,Jr., ed. MUFON Field Investigators Manual, 4th edition. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1995.
Anganuzzi, Hector P. Historia de los Platos Voladores en Ia Argentina.
Buenos Aires: Plus Ultra Publishers, 1976.
Baker, Carey H. "The Fyffe Alabama Experience" in MUFON 1990 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1990, 86-91.
Ballester Olmos, Vicente-juan. (l976a) "Are UFO Sightings Related to
Population?" in Proceedings of the 1976 CUFOS Conference.
Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 15-24.
--. (1976b) A Catalogue of 200 Type-1 UFO Events in Spain and
Portugal. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1976.
---. OVNis el Phenomena Aterrizaje. Barcelona: Plaza &: Janes,
1978.
---. Characteristics of Close Encounters in Spain. Washington:
Fund for UFO Research: 1987.
---. "Spanish Air Force UFO Files: The Secret's End" in MUFON
1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1993, 127-68.
---. (l995a) Expedientes Insolitos: El Fen6meno OVNI y Los
Archivos de Defensa. Madrid: Temas de Hoy, 1995.
---. (1995b) "UFO Declassification in Spain; Military UFO Files
Available to the Public: A Balance." in UFOs: Examining the Evidence. London: British UFO Research Association, 1995.
---. (1997a) "Declassification! Military UFO Records Released:
The Spanish Experience" in UFOs 1947-1997: Fifty Years of Flying
Saucers. London: John Brown Publishing, 1997, 177-84.
---. (1997b) "Monitoring Air Force Intelligence" in MUFON 1997
International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1997, 139-78.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Ballester Olmos, Vicente-Juan, and Miguel Guasp. Los OVNIS y Ia
Ciencia. Spain: Plaza&: Janes, 1981.
---. "Standards in the Evaluation of UFO Reports" in The Spectrum of UFO Research. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1988,
175-82.
Banchs, Roberto E. Las Evidencias del Fen6meno OVNI. Buenos Aires:
Rodolfo Alonso Publisher, 1976.
---. OVNis, Peregrinos del Silencio. Buenos Aires: C.E.F.A.l. editions, 1991.
---. (see also UFO occupants bibliography, section XII).
Basterfield, Keith. A Report on Observations of UFOs from Aircraft Crew
Members in Australia. New South Wales: Australian Centre for UFO
Studies, February 1980.
---. The Mundrabilla Incident: january 20th, 1988. South Australia:
UFO Research Australia, November 1988.
---. (1997a) Catalogue of Australian Vehicle Interference Cases.
Adelaide, South Australia, October 1997.
---. (l997b) Catalogue of Australian UFO Entity and Related Reports. Adelaide, South Australia, October 1997.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Bastide, jean. La Memoire des OVNI: Des Argonautes Exrtraterrestres.
Mercure de France, 1978.
Berliner, Don. The Blue Book Unknowns. Washington: Fund for UFO
Research, n.d.
---. Unidentified Flying Objects Briefing Document: The Best Available Evidence. Fairfax, VA: UFO Research Coalition, 1995.
Bloecher, Ted. Report on the UFO Wave of 1947. Privately published,
1967.
---. (see also separate UFO occupant case bibliography, section
XII).
Blum, Ralph, and judy Blum. Beyond Earth: Man~ Contact with UFOs.
New York: Bantam Books, 1974.
Boeche, Raymond W "Bentwaters: What Do We Know Now?" in MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1986, 44-61.
---."Public Reaction to Alien Contact: A Study" in MUFON 1988
International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1988, 73-85.
Boffey, Philip. "UFO Project: Trouble on the Ground." Science
Ouly 26, 1968): 339-42.
Bougard, Michel. Des Soucoupes Volantes aux OVNI. Brussels: SOBEPS,
1976.
Bowen, Charles, ed. The Humanoids: A Survey of Worldwide Reports of
Landings of Unconventional Aerial Objects and Their Occupants.
Chicago: Henry Regnery, 1969.
Boyd, Robert G. Failure at Science. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies,
1988.
Bullard, Thomas E. "Waves" in High Strangeness: UFOs from 1960
through 1979, UFO Encyclopedia, vol. 3, edited by Jerome Clark.
Detroit: Omnigraphics, 1996, 564-88.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Butler, Brenda, Dot Street, and jenny Randles. Sky Crash: A Cosmic
Conspiracy. Suffolk, UK: Neville Spearman, 1984.
Carpenter, john S. (see separate abduction case bibliography, section
Xlll).
Catoe, Lynn E. UFOs and Related Subjects: An Annotated Bibliography.
Washington: Library of Congress, 1969.
Center for UFO Studies, Center Investigators Quarterly #24, October
1988. Transcript of Nathan statement on "UFO Cover-Up, Live"
broadcast, October 14, 1988.
Chalker, William C. 1975: UFO Activity throughout Australia. New
South Wales, Australia: UFO Investigation Centre, 1976.
--. (1987a) "The UFO Mystery in Australia" in MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1987, 165-79.
--. (1987b) "Physical Traces" in UFOs 1947-1987: The 40-Year
Search for an Explanation, edited by Hilary Evans. London: Fortean
Tomes, 1987, 182-96.
---. The Oz Files. Potts Point, N.S.W, Australia: Duffy&: Snellgrove, 1996.
Chartrand, Robert L., and William F. Brown. Facts about Unidentified
Flying Objects. Washington: Library of Congress, 1966.
Christensen, Marge, et al. Using Concepts From UFO Studies to Teach
Science and Critical Thinking. Privately published, 1989.
Clark, jerome. UFOs in the 1980s; The UFO Encyclopedia, vol. l. Detroit: Apogee Books, 1990.
---. The Emergence of a Phenomenon: UFOs from the Beginning
through 1959; The UFO Encyclopedia, vol. 2. Detroit: Omnigraphics, 1992.
--. High Strangeness: UFOs From 1960 Through 1979; The UFO
Encyclopedia, Vol. 3. Detroit: Omnigraphics, 1996.
---. The UFO Book: Encyclopedia of the Extraterrestrial. Detroit:
Visible Ink Press, 1998.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section
XIII).
Craig, Roy. UFOs: An Insider~ View of the Official Quest for Evidence.
Denton: University of North Texas Press, 1995.
Creighton, Gordon. "A New South American 'Wave'." Flying Saucer
Review, 14(5) (1968): 23-28.
Demaria, Carlos A. Somas Hijos de las Estrellas. Buenos Aires: Argentine Center for Extraterrestrial Phenomena Research, 1989.
Dong, Paul. The Four Major Mysteries of Mainland China. Englewood
Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1984.
Downing, Barry H. The Bible and Flying Saucers. New York:]. B. Lippincott Co., 1968.
---. "Religion and UFOs: The Extrasensory Problem" in MUFON
1974 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1974, 33-44.
---."Faith, Theory and UFOs" in MUFON 1981 UFO Symposium
Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1981, 34-42.
---. "The God Hypothesis." MUFON UFO journal (October
1988): 10-13.
---. "UFOs and Religion: Of Things Visible and Invisible" in MUFON 1994 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1994, 33-48.
Druffel, Ann. (see separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Durant, Frederick C., ed. Report ofMeetings of Scientific Advisory Panel
on UFOs. U.S. Air Force, january 14-18, 1953.
Edwards, Frank. Flying Saucers: Serious Business. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1966.
---.Flying Saucers-Here and Now! New York: Lyle Stuart, 1967.
Elterman, Louis. Final Report of Project Twinkle. Air Force Cambridge
Research Lab, November 1951.
Evans, Hilary, ed. UFOs 194 7-1987: The 40-Year Search for an Explanation. London: Fortean Tomes, 1987.
Evans, Hilary, and Dennis Stacy, eds. UFOs: 1947-1997: Fifty Years of
Flying Saucers. London: john Brown Publishing, 1997.
Faruk, Erol A. "The Delphos Case: Soil Analysis and Appraisal of a
CE-2 Report." journal of UFO Studies, New Series, vol. 1 (1989):
41-65.
Fawcett, Lawrence, and Barry ]. Greenwood. Clear Intent: The Government Coverup of the UFO Experience. Englewood Cliffs, Nj:
Prentice-Hall, 1984.
Fernandez, Gustavo Mario. Naves Extraterrestres Tripuladas. Dronte
Publishers, 1976.
Fowler, Raymond E. UFOs: Interplanetary Visitors. New York: Exposition Press, 1974.
---. Casebook of a UFO Investigator. Englewood Cliffs, Nj: Prentice-Hall, 1981.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, Section Xlll).
Frola, Phillip R. The ]arrold Listings. Queensland, Australia: UFO Research Queensland, 1990.
Fuller, john G. (l966a) Incident at Exeter. New York: G. P. Putnam's
Sons, 1966.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
--."Flying Saucer Fiasco." Look (May 14, 1968): 58-63.
Galindez, Oscar A. "The Brunelli-Porchietto Incident: A Teleportation?" OVNis, UnDesafio a Ia Ciencia, Cordoba, Argentina, no. 8
(September 1975).
---. Informe Sobre Los Objetos Voladores No Identificados. Cordoba,
Argentina: Zenon Mariani Publishers, 1968.
GEPAN, Note Technique No. 16, Enquete 81/01, Analyse d'une Trace
(Technical Note No. 16, Analysis of a Trace), March 1, 1983.
Gersten, Peter A. "What the Government Would Know If They Read
Their Own Documents" in MUFON 1981 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1981, 21-33. '
Gillmor, Daniel S., ed. Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects.
New York: Bantam Books, 1969.
Gindilis, L. M., et al. Observations of Anomalous Atmospheric Phenomena in the U.S.S.R. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1980.
Good, Timothy. Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFO Coverup. London: Sidgwick &: jackson, 1987.
---.The UFO Report. New York: Avon Books, 1991.
Gross, Loren E. UFOs: A History-1952 (privately published), Vol. 1
(1982), january-May; Vol. 2 (1986), june-july 20; Vol. 3 (1986),
july 21st-july 31st; Vol. 4 (1986), August; Vol. 5 (1986), September-October; Vol. 7 (1986), November-December.
Haines, Richard F. (1979a) "A Review of Selected Sightings from Aircraft From 1973 to 1978" in MUFON 1979 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1979, 113-40.
--. (1979b) Observing UFOs. Chicago: Nelson-Hall, 1979.
---. (l979c) UFO Phenomena and the Behavioral Scientist.
Metuchen, N]: Scarecrow Press, 1979.
---. "UFO Sightings from the Air and the Ground During the Period January to March 1981 in the Greater San Jose California
Area." Seguin, TX; Mutual UFO Network, May 25, 1981.
---. "A Review of Selected Aerial Phenomenon Sightings from
Aircraft 1942 to 1952" in MUFON 1983 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1983, 13-44.
---. Melbourne Episode: Case Study of a Missing Pilot. Los Altos,
CA: L.D.A. Press, 1987.
---. Advanced Aerial Devices Reported During the Korean War. Los
Altos, CA: L.D.A. Press, 1990.
---. "Fifty-Six Aircraft Pilot Sightings Involving Electromagnetic
Effects" in MUFON 1992 International UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1992, 101-31.
--. Project Delta: A Study of Multiple UFO. Los Altos, CA: L.D.A.
Press, 1994.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Hall, Richard H., ed. The UFO Evidence. Washington, DC: NICAP,
1964; facsimile reprint edition, New York: Barnes & Noble, 1997.
---. "1967: The Overlooked UFO Wave and the Colorado Project" in MUFON 1978 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1978, 51-74.
---. Uninvited Guests. Santa Fe, NM: Aurora Press, 1988.
---. (1994a) "The Quest for Truth About UFOs: A Personal Perspective on the Role of NICAP" in MUFON 1994 International UFO
Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1994,
186-222.
--. (l994b) Radar-Visual UFO Cases in 1952: The UFO Sightings
That Shook the Government. Washington: Fund for UFO Research,
1994.
---, ed. (1994c) Government Policy on UFO Information: Its Origins and Status. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1994.
---.The Gulf Breeze Controversy. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1997.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Hall, Richard H., and Willy Smith. "Balancing the Scale: Unanswered
Questions about Gulf Breeze," MUFON UFO journal (December
1988): 3-7.
Hall, Robert L. "Sociological Perspectives on UFO Reports" in UFOs:
A Scientific Debate, edited by Carl Sagan and Thornton Page.
Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1972, 213-23.
---."On Mass Panic and Other Favorite Myths" in MUFON 1990
International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1990, 61-71.
Hanlon, Donald B. "Virginia 1965 Flap." Flying Saucer Review
(March-April1966): 14-16.
Heaton, Harold I. "Preliminary Studies of Animal Reactions to UFOs"
in Proceedings of the 1976 CUFOS Conference. Chicago: Center for
UFO Studies, 1976, 98-109.
Hendry, Allan. The UFO Handbook. New York: Doubleday, 1979.
---. "A Preliminary Report on the Cash/Landrum New Caney
CEil Case." Report prepared for the Fund for UFO Research, n.d.
Hill, Paul R. Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis. Charlottesville, VA: Hampton Roads Publishing Co., 1995.
Hind, Cynthia. UFOs-African Encounters. Salisbury, Zimbabwe:
Gemini, 1982.
---. "History and Cultural Interpretation of UFOs in Southern
Africa, 1947-1987" in MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium
Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 39-50.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Hobana, Ion, and julian Weverbergh. UFOs From Behind the Iron Curtain. New York: Bantam Books, 1972.
Hopkins, Budd. (see separate abduction case bibliography, section
XIII).
Huneeus,]. Antonio. "A Historical Survey of UFO Cases in Chile" in
MUFON 1987 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 180-219.
---. "Red Skies: The Great 1989 UFO Wave in the U.S.S.R" in
MUFON 1990 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1990, 169-201.
Hynek,]. Allen. The UFO Experience: A Scientific Inquiry. Chicago:
Henry Regnery, 1972.
--.The Hynek UFO Report. New York: Dell Publishing Co., 1977.
Hynek, ]. Allen, and jacques Vallee. The Edge of Reality. Chicago:
Henry Regnery, 1975.
Hynek, ]. Allen, Philip]. Imbrogno, and Bob Pratt. Night Siege: The
Hudson Valley UFO Sightings. New York: Ballantine Books, 1987.
Hynek, Mimi, ed. The Spectrum of UFO Research. Chicago: Center for
UFO Studies, 1988.
Hyzer, William G. "Tech Talk." Photomethods magazine (October 1991).
---. "The Gulf Breeze Photos: Bonafide or Bogus?" MUFON UFO
journal Quly 1992): 3-9.
jacobs, David M. The UFO Controversy in America. Indiana University
Press, 1975.
---. "The Debunkers" in Proceedings of the First International UFO
Congress. New York: Warner Books, 1980, 123-38.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section Xlll).
jessup, M. K. UFO and the Bible. New York: Citadel Press, 1956.
johnson, Donald A. "Size, Distance and Duration Parameters of the
Ignition Interference Effect" in The Spectrum of UFO Research.
Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1988, 123-52.
---. "UFO Car Pursuits: Some New Patterns in Old Data" in MUFON 1989 International UFO Symposium Proceedings (Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1989, 135-46.
johnson, jerrold R. Letters to Bruce Maccabee, May 15, 1988, june 9,
1989; letter to Zan Overall, january 28, 1989.
jones, C.B. Scott. "Government UFO Connections" in MUFON 1991
International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1991, 174-84.
---. "Myth, Reality, and Misinformation about Government
Secrecy" in Government Policy on UFO Information: Its Origins and
Status. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1994, 1-9.
Jung, Carl G. A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Sky. New York: Harcourt, World, and Brace, 1959.
Keel, john A., The Mothman Prophecies. New York: Saturday Review
Press, 1975.
Keyhoe, Donald E. The Flying Saucers Are Real. New York: Fawcett,
1950.
---. Flying Saucers From Outer Space. New York: Henry Holt,
1953.
---. The Flying Saucer Conspiracy. New York: Henry Holt, 1955.
---.Flying Saucers: Top Secret. New York: G. P. Putnam's, 1960.
--. Aliens from Space: The Real Story of Unidentified Flying Objects. New York: Doubleday, 1973.
Keyhoe, Donald E., and Gordon I. R. Lore, Jr. (1969a) UFOs: A New
Look. Washington: NICAP, 1969.
--. (1969b) Strange Effects from UFOs. Washington: NICAP,
1969.
King, John R. The UFO Problem: Time for a Reassessment Uune 1968
thesis]. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1995.
Klass, Philip J. UFOs-Identified. New York: Random House, 1968.
---. UFOs Explained. New York: Vintage Books, 1976.
---. UFOs: The Public Deceived. Buffalo, NY: Prometheus Books,
1983.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Klein, Rolf-Dieter. "Scientific Analysis of UFO Material by MUFONCES" in MUFON 1995 International UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1995, 280-315.
Korff, Kal K. The Billy Meier Story: Spaceships of the Pleiades. Amherst,
NY: Prometheus Press, 1995.
Las Heras, Antonio. Informe Sobre Los Visitantes Extraterrestres y Sus
Naves Voladoras. Buenos Aires: Rodolfo Alonso Publishers, 1974.
---. Parapsicologia y OVNis. Buenos Aires: Rodolfo Alonso Publishers, 1976.
Lasswell, Harold D. "Men in Space." Annals of the New York Academy
of Sciences 72, Article 4 (AprillO, 1958).
Long, Greg. Examining the Earthlight Theory: The Yakima UFO Microcosm. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1990.
Lore, Gordon I. R., Jr., and Harold H. Deneault, Jr. Mysteries of the
Skies: UFOs in Perspective. Englewood Cliffs, N]: Prentice-Hall,
1968.
Lorenzen, Coral and Jim Lorenzen. UFOs over the Americas. New
York: Signet Books, 1968.
---. (see also separate UFO occupant and abduction case bibliographies, sections XII, XIII).
McCampbell, james M. UFOlogy: New Insights from Science and Common Sense. Belmont, CA: jaymac Co., 1973.
---. "Further Evidence of UFO Radiation" in MUFON 1977 UFO
Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1977,
25-32.
---. "UFO Interference with Vehicles and Self-Starting Engines"
in MUFON 1983 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1983,45-59.
--. "Effects of UFOs upon People" in UFOs 1947-1987: The 40-
Year Search For an Explanation, edited by Hilary Evans. London:
Fortean Tomes, 1987, 200-10.
McCarthy, Paul. Politicking and Paradigm Shifting (unpublished
Ph.D. thesis, University of Hawaii), 1975.
McDonald, james E. Paper presented to the American Society of
Newspaper Editors, April 22, 1967.
---. (l968a) "UFOs: An International Scientific Problem." Paper
presented to Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute (March 12,
1968).
---. (l968b) Testimony to House Science and Astronautics Committee, U.S. Congress. Committee Print. (1968), 18-85.
---. (l970a) "UFOs Over Lakenheath in 1956." Flying Saucer Review (March-April1970): 9-17, 29.
--. (l970b) "The 1957 Gulf Coast RB-47 Incident." Flying
Saucer Review (May-june 1970): 2-6.
---. (l970c) "Meteorological Factors in Unidentified Radar Returns." Papers Presented at the 14th Radar Meteorology Conference,
Tucson, Arizona, Nov. 17-20, 1970. Boston: American Meteorological Society (1970), 456-63.
---."UFO Encounter 1." Astronautics and Aeronautics Quly 1971):
66-70.
---. "Science in Default: Twenty-Two Years of Inadequate UFO investigations" in UFOs: A Scientific Debate, edited by Carl Sagan and
Thornton Page. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1972,
52-122.
Maccabee, Bruce. "On the Possibility That the McMinnville Photos
Show a Distant Unidentified Object (UO)" in Proceedings of the
1976 CUFOS Conference. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1976,
152-63.
---. "Photometric Properties of an Unidentified Bright Object
Seen Off the Coast of New Zealand." Applied Optics 18 (1979):
2527-28.
---. (l988a) "The McMinnville Photos" in The Spectrum of UFO
Research. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1988, 13-34.
---. (1988b) "A History of the Gulf Breeze, Florida Sighting
Events." in MUFON 1988 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1988, 113-204.
---. "Reanalysis of Photo 19 Supports Walters' Story." MUFON
UFO journal, November (1990): ll-14.
Mack, John E. (see separate abduction case bibliography, section
Xlll).
Maillot, Eric, and Jacques Scornaux. "Trans-en-Provence: When Science and Belief Go Hand in Hand" in UFOs: 1947-1997, edited by
Hilary Evans &: Dennis Stacy, London: John Brown Publishing,1997, 151-59.
Menzel, Donald H. Flying Saucers. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1953.
---. "UFOs-The Modern Myth" in UFOs: A Scientific Debate.
Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1972, 123-82.
Menzel, Donald H., and Lyle G. Boyd. The World of Flying Saucers.
New York: Doubleday, 1963.
Menzel, Donald H., and Ernest H. Taves. The UFO Enigma. New York:
Doubleday, 1977.
Mesnard, Joel. "The UFO 'Wave' of November/December 1989 Over
Eastern Belgium." Flying Saucer Review Qune 1990): 3-10.
Michel, Aime. The Truth about Flying Saucers. New York: Criterion
Books, 1956.
---.Flying Saucers and the Straight-Line Mystery. New York: Criterion Books, 1958.
Neeley, Robert G.,Jr. UFOs of 189611897: The Airship Chronicle. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1986.
Niemtzow, Richard C. "Preliminary Analysis of Medical Injuries as a
Result of UFO Close Encounters" in MUFON 1980 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1980,
130-37.
Norman, Paul. "Countdown to Reality" in MUFON 1984 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1984, 24-43.
---. "Frederick Valentich's Day of the UFOs" in The ]arrold Listings. Queensland, Australia: UFO Research Queensland, 1990,
162-66.
Oberg, ]ames E. UFOs & Outer Space Mysteries: A Sympathetic SkepticS Report. Norfolk, VA: Donning Co., 1982.
Overall, Zan. (1989a) Letter re: trick photography in International
UFO Reporter (March-April1989): 24.
---. (l989b) Letter re: "ghost-demon" photo in MUFON UFO
journal (August 1989): 24.
---. Gulf Breeze Double-Exposed: The "Ghost-Demon" Photo Controversy. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1990.
Peters, Ted. "Heavenly Chariots and Flying Saucers" in MUFON 1976
UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network,
1976, 53-64.
---. UFOs: God's Chariots? Atlanta: John Knox Press, 1977.
---."The Religious Dimension to the UFO Phenomenon" in MUFON 1979 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO
Network, 1979, 36-61.
Phillips, Ted. "Landing Report from Delphos." Flying Saucer Review
Case Histories No. 9 (February 1972): 4-10.
---. "UFO Trace-Landing Cases" in MUFON 1974 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1974, 45-68.
---. Physical Traces Associated with UFO Sightings. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1975.
---. "Close Encounters of the Second Kind: Physical Traces" in
MUFON 1981 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1981, 92-129.
Pinvidic, Thierry. Le Noeud Gordein ou Ia Fantastique Histoire des
OVNI. Paris: Editions France-Empire, 1979.
Pope, Nick. Open Skies, Closed Minds: For the First Time a Government
UFO Expert Speaks Out. London: Simon&: Schuster Ltd., 1996.
Randles, Jenny. (1983a) The Pennine UFO Mystery. London: Granada,
1983.
--. (1983b) UFO Reality: A Critical Look at the Physical Evidence.
London: Robert Hale, 1983.
---. "Anatomy of a UFO Wave." International UFO Reporter
(March-April1986): 4-8, 19.
---. The UFO Conspiracy: The First Forty Years. Poole, England:
Blandford Press, 1987.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII.)
Randles, Jenny, and Peter Warrington. Science and the UFOs. Oxford:
Basil Blackwell, 1985.
Ribera, Antonio. America y Los OVNis. Buenos Aires: Biblioteca nudaEditorial Posada S.A.-D. Lumen S.R.L., 1977.
---. OVNis en Iberoamerica y Espana. Barcelona: Plaza and Janes
Publisher, 1980.
Rodeghier, Mark. UFO Reports Involving Vehicle Interference. Chicago:
Center for UFO Studies, 1981.
---. (1988a) "A Summary of Vehicle Interference Reports and a
Description of a Possible Natural Phenomenon Causing Some
Events" in The Spectrum of UFO Research. Chicago: Center for UFO
Studies, 1988, 153-68.
---. (1988b) "The CUFOS Position [and] a Response From Gulf
Breeze" by CUFOS and Mr. Ed. MUFON UFO journal (September
1988): 3-4, 8.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section Xlll).
Roncoroni, Guillermo, and Gustavo Alvarez. Los OVNI y la Evidencia
Fotografica. Buenos Aires: Cuarta Dimension Collection, Cielosur
Publishers S.A.C.I., January 1978.
Rosenbaum, Dennis P., and Richard A. Maier. "Belief in Extraterrestrial Life: A Challenge to Christian Doctrine and Fundamentalists?" journal of UFO Studies II (1980) 47-57.
Ruppelt, Edward ]. The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects. New
York: Doubleday&: Co., 1956.
Sachs, Margaret, ed. The UFO Encyclopedia. New York: Perigee Books,
1980.
Sagan, Carl, and Thornton Page, cds. UFOs: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca,
NY: Cornell University Press, 1972.
Sainio, jeffrey W "Photo Analysis: A Pictorial Primer" in MUFON
1992 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1992, 132-65.
---. "Videoanalysis" in MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1993,
85-112.
Salisberry, Carol A., and Rex C. Salisberry. Anatomy of the Gulf Breeze
(Walters') UFO Case. Privately published, n.d.
Salisbury, Frank B. The Utah UFO Display. Old Greenwich, CT: DevinAdair, 1974.
---. "Can Science Solve the UFO Mystery?" in Proceedings of the
First International UFO Congress. New York: Warner Books, 1980,
85-93.
Saunders, David R., and R. Roger Harkins. UFOs? Yes! Where the Condon Committee Went Wrong. New York: World Publishers, 1969.
Schuessler, john E "Cash-Landrum Radiation Case." MUFON UFO
journal (November 1981): 3-6.
---. (1982a) "Investigator Notes, 5 September 1982, Investigation
by U.S. Army Inspector General: Cash-Landrum Case." Project
VISIT, Friendswood, TX.
---. (l982b) "Pentagon Investigates Cash-Landrum Case." MUFON
UFO journal (October 1982): 3-6.
---. "Cash-Landrum Case Investigation of Helicopter Activity."
MUFON UFO journal (September 1983): 3-7.
---. "Cash-Landrum Case: Speculation about the Medical Effects"
in MUFON 1984 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1984, 108-19.
---. (l986a) "Cash-Landrum Case Hampered." MUFON UFO
journal Quly 1986): 10-12.
---. (l986b) "Cash-Landrum Case Closed?" MUFON UFO journal (October 1986): 12, 17.
---. (l986c) "Cash-Landrum UFO Case File: The Issue of Government Responsibility" in MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1986, 175-82.
---. "Medical Injuries Resulting from a UFO Encounter" in The
Spectrum of UFO Research. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1988,
59-69.
---. "Developing a Catalog of UFO-Related Human Physiological
Effects" in MUFON 1995 International UFO Symposium Proceedings.
Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1995, 102-18.
---. The Cash-Landrum UFO Incident LaPorte, TX: Geo Graphics
Printing Co., 1998.
Shuttlewood, Arthur. The Warminster Mystery. London: Neville
Spearman, 1967.
Smith, Marcia S. The UFO Enigma. Washington: Library of Congress,
1976. (Updated edition, 1983.)
SOBEPS, Vague d'OVNI sur Ia Belgique. Brussels, Belgium: SOBEPS,
1991.
Story, Ronald D., ed. Encyclopedia ofUFOs. New York: Doubleday, 1980.
---. UFOs and the Limits of Science. New York: William Morrow,
1981.
Stowe, Paul. "Technical Review of Radiation Evidence in CashLandrum Case." MUFON UFO journal (December 1982): 8-9.
Strentz, Herbert J. Survey of Press Coverage of Unidentified Flying Objects, 1947-1973. (Ph.D. thesis in journalism), Northwestern University, 1970.
Stringfield, Leonard H. Inside Saucer Post ... 3-0 Blue. Cincinnati, OH:
Privately published, 1957.
---. (1977b) Situation Red: The UFO Siege. New York: Doubleday,
1977.
--. Retrievals of the Third Kind: A Case Study of Alleged UFOs and
Occupants in Military Custody: Status Report I. Cincinnati, OH: Privately published, july 1978.
---. The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome: Status Report II: New
Sources, New Data. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1980.
---. UFO Crash/Retrievals: Amassing the Evidence: Status Report III.
Cincinnati, OH: Privately published, 1982.
---. "UFO Crash/Retrievals: Is the Cover-Up Lid Lifting? Status
Report V." MUFON UFO journal Oanuary 1989): 10-14.
---. UFO Crash/Retrievals: The Inner Sanctum: Status Report VI.
Cincinnati, OH: Privately published, 1991.
---. UFO Crash/Retrievals: Search for Proof in a Hall of Mirrors:
Status Report VII. Cincinnati, OH: Privately published, 1994.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Stringfield, Leonard H., and Richard Hall. "Dix-McGuire Updated."
MUFON UFO journal Qune 1987): 7-8.
Sturrock, Peter A. Evaluation of the Colorado UFO Project. Palo Alto,
CA: Stanford Institute for Plasma Research, 1974.
---. Report on a Survey of the membership of the American Astronomical Society Concerning the UFO Problem. Palo Alto, CA: Stanford Institute for Plasma Research, 1977.
Swords, Michael D. "The U.S. Government's Intelligence Response to
the UFO Problem" in Government Policy on UFO Information: Its
Origins and Status. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1994,
19-29.
---. "The USAF-Sponsored Colorado Project for the Scientific
Study of UFOs" in MUFON 1995 International UFO Symposium
Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1995, 148-63.
---. "The University of Colorado UFO Project: The 'Scientific
Study of UFOs."' journal of UFO Studies, New Series 6 (1995/
1996): 149-84.
Thompson, Richard L., Alien Identities: Ancient Insights into Modem
UFO Phenomena. San Diego: Govardhan Hill, 1993.
Time-Life Books. The UFO Phenomenon. Alexandria, VA: author, 1987.
Time-Life Books. Alien Encounters. Alexandria, VA: author, 1992.
Uriondo, Oscar A. Objetos Aereos No Identificados: Un Enigma Actual.
Argentina: Authors Edition, 1965.
U.S. Air Force. Unidentified Aerial Objects: Project Sign, Final Report,
1949.
--. Projects Grudge and Bluebook Reports, 1951-1953. Washington: National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena,
1968.
---.Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14, 1955.
---. Special Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc
Committee to Review Project "Blue Book." March 1966.
U.S. Congress, House of Representatives, Committee on Armed Services hearings. Unidentified Flying Objects. April 5, 1966.
U.S. Congress, House of Representatives, Committee on Science and
Astronautics hearings. Symposium on Unidentified Flying Objects.
july 29, 1968.
Vallee, jacques. Anatomy of a Phenomenon. Chicago: Henry Regnery,
1965.
---. Passport to Magonia: From Folklore to Flying Saucers. Chicago:
Henry Regnery, 1969.
---. The Invisible College: What a Group of Scientists Has Discovered about UFO Influences on the Human Race. New York: E. P. Dutton, 1975.
---. Messengers of Deception, Berkeley, CA: And/Or Press, 1979.
---. Dimensions: A Casebook of Alien Contact. Chicago: Contemporary Books, 1988.
---. Confrontations: A Scientist~ Search for Alien Contact. New
York: Random House, 1990.
---. UFO Chronicles of the Soviet Union: A Cosmic Samizdat. New
York: Ballantine Press, 1992.
Vallee, jacques, and janine Vallee. Challenge to Science: The UFO
Enigma. Chicago: Henry Regnery, 1966.
Vaughan, Valerie, ed. Science and Conscience: An Annotated Bibliography of the Writings of Dr. james E. McDonald. Amherst, MA: Privately published, 1990.
---, ed. UFOs and Science: The Collected Writings of Dr. james E.
McDonald. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1995.
Velasco, jean-jacques. "Scientific Approach and Results of Studies
into Unidentified Aerospace Phenomena in France" in MUFON
1987 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX:
Mutual UFO Network, 1987, 51-67.
Vidal, Patrick, and Michael Rozencwajg. "The Belgian Wave." International UFO Reporter Quly-August 1991): 4-8, 23.
Vignati, Alejandro. Tercer Tipo: Contacto Extraterrestre. Barcelona:
A.T.E. Publishers, 1978.
von Ludwiger, lllobrand, ed. (1993a) Interdisciplinary UFO Research.
Feldkirchen-Westerham, Germany: MUFON-CES, 1993.
---. (1993b) "The Most Significant UFO Sightings in Germany"
in MUFON 1993 International UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin,
TX: Mutual UFO Network, 1993, 239-303.
Wadhams, Peter. "UFOs-The Nature of the Scientific Problem."
journal of UFO Studies II (1980): 1-6.
Walters, Ed. (see separate abduction case bibliography, section XIII).
Walters, Ed, and Frances Walters. The Gulf Breeze Sightings. New
York: William Morrow, 1990.
Walters, Ed, and Bruce Maccabee. UFOs Are Real: Heres the Proof New
York: Avon Books, 1997.
Ware, Donald M., Charles D. Flannigan, and Walter H. Andrus, Jr.
"The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic and CE Ill Case-Part I."
MUFON UFO journal (March 1988): 5-15.
---. "The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic Case-Supplement
to Part I." MUFON UFO journal (April 1988): 13-14, 21.
---. "The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic and CE III CasePart II." MUFON UFO journal (May 1988): ll-15.
---. "The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic and CE III CasePart III." MUFON UFO journal Qune 1988): 12-16.
---. "The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic and CE III CasePart IV." MUFON UFO journal Quly 1988): 9-10.
---. "The Gulf Breeze, Florida Photographic and CE III CasePart V." MUFON UFO journal (August 1988): 6-8.
Warren, John L. "The Scientific Method of Investigating UFOs" in
MUFON 1977 UFO Symposium Proceedings. Seguin, TX: Mutual
UFO Network, 1977, 46-59.
Warren, Larry, and Peter Robbins. Left At East Gate. New York: Marlowe&: Co., 1997.
Watson, Nigel, Granville Oldroyd, and David Clarke. The 1912-1913
British Phantom Airship Scare. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1987.
Webb, David. (see separate occupant case bibliography, section XII).
Webb, Walter N. (l996a) America West Airline Case, May 25-26, 1995:
Interim Report. Washington: Fund for UFO Research, 1996.
---. (1996b) Final Report on the America West Airline Case, May
25-26, 1995. Fairfax, VA: UFO Research Coalition, 1996.
---. (see also separate abduction case bibliography, section Xlll).
Westrum, Ron. "The Effects of UFOs on Society" in Proceedings of the
1976 CUFOS Conference. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies, 1976,
277-81.
Zeidman, Jennie. The Lumberton Report: UFO Activity in Southern
North Carolina April3-9, 1975. Chicago: Center for UFO Studies,
1976.
---. Helicopter-UFO Encounter Over Ohio. Chicago: Center for
UFO studies, 1979.
Zeller, Edward]. "The Use of Thermoluminescence for the Evaluation
of UFO Landing Site Effects" in Proceedings of the 1976
CUFOS Conference. Chicago: Center for UFO studies, 1976, 301-8.
Zerpa, Fabio. Los Hombres de Negro y Los OVNls. Barcelona: Plaza and
Janes S.A. Publishers, 1980.
Zimmerman, Michael E. "Why Establishment Leaders Resist the Very
Idea of Superior Non-Human Intelligence" in Government Policy on
UFO Information: Its Origins and Status. Washington: Fund for
UFO Research, 1994, 43-58.

===========================================================================
Index

A
Air Force, Air Command and
Staff College, 631-32
Air Force, Air Defense Command (ADC), 80
Air Force, Foreign Technology
Division (FTD), 179-80, 247
Air Force, Fort Worth Army Air
Field (AFB), TX, 596, 598
Air Force, McGuire AFB, N],
592
Air Force, missile base sightings,80,87-88,90-91,
130-31, 175,212-13,243,
331,333
Air Force, Office of Scientific
Research (OSR), 603-16
Air Force, Office of Special Investigations (OSI), 103, 598
Air Force, Project Blue Book,
75,471,603,611-12
Air Force, Roswell Army Air
Field (AFB), NM, 594-601
Air Force, Strategic Air Command (SAC), 75-76, 87-91,
131, 243, 325
Air Force, UFO sightings and
case investigations, 42-43,
45-46,52-53,57,58,73-75,
76, 77, 78,79,81,87-91,
97-98, 119, 177-82, 184,
242,243,244,317-18,362,
413-14,429,439,480,568,
591-601
Air National Guard, 93, 122,
245
American Association for the
Advancement of Science
(AAAS), 610-11, 612, 640
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
(AIAA), 613, 617
American Philosophical Society, 614
Army, U.S., 76, 77, 78, 79, 80,
81-86,97-98,178-79,
228-29,341,343
aviation technology, 620-25
B
body lights, 369-74
Border Patrol, U.S., 170, 172
Brookings Institution, 629
c
Central Intelligence Agency
(CIA), U.S., I82, 471, 612,
618-19
671
672
Civil Defense, U.S., 184, 186,
476
Coast Guard, U.S., 53-56, 76,
78,79,98-99
Colorado UFO Project ("Condon Committee"), 75, 208,
212,318,322,323-24,511,
603-16,617,640,643
color patterns, 400-02, 444-45
Committee for Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
Paranormal (CSICOP),
639-40
Congress, U.S., hearings, 248,
318,320,471
D
Defense Intelligence Agency
(DIA), U.S., 49, 94-95
Defense Mapping Agency, U.S.,
646
Department of Defense (DOD),
u.s., 315-17, 345-46
E
environmental effects, 260-82
F
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S., 46, 62, 66,
82, 122, 130-31, 135, 142-
43, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155,
166,171,242,243,244,
245,246,416,646
Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), U.S., 475, 618
Federal Power Commission
(FPC), U.S., 248
Index
flight and performance features, 409-35
Foo-fighters (World War II),
115,451
Forest Service, U.S., 200
Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA), U.S., 617-20
G
General Accounting Office
(GAO), U.S., 595-96
government secrecy, U.S.,
618-20,627-28
Groupe d'Etude des Phenomenes Aerospatiaux NonIdentifies (GEPAN), 64-65
H
Hynek,]. Allen, 180, 317-18,
507,510,608,611,612,
613,644-45
I
implications of ET visitors,
627-49
inertial effects, 403-04
J
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
OPL), 285, 606
Joint Chiefs of Staff OCS), U.S.,
180
L
laboratory analyses of UFO
data, 57-58, 60-61, 178, 180
Index
light phenomena, 378-91,
402-04,447
Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, 643
M
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, 514-15, 523,
612
McDonald, james E., 74, 180,
196,241,247-48,272,608,
611, 613, 643
N
National Academy of Sciences
(NAS), U.S., 610, 612
National Aeronautics and
Space Administration
(NASA), U.S., 150, 151, 153,
156,314,391,606,613,629
National Bureau of Standards,
U.S., 604, 608
National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR),
U.S., 604
National Military Command
Center (NMCC), U.S., 88-90
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
(NOAA), U.S., 617
National Security Agency
(NSA), U.S., 618-19
Navy, U.S., 53, 73, 244, 314,
646
news media and UFOs,
441-42,514,522-23,628
North American Air Defense
Command (NORAD), 66, 78,
80,87,91-94,285,646
673
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), 76, 78, 79,
96-97,99-108,420
0
Oak Ridge National Laboratory,
TN, 613
occupants of UFOs, 44 7-48,
507-90
p
photographic evidence,
282-302
propulsion of UFOs, 391-404
Public Health Service (PHS),
u.s., 178, 180
R
religious implications of ET
visitors, 632-38
s
science and UFOs, 603-16,
638-47
Scott Polar Research Institute,
644
shapes,359-69,445-47
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, 646
Society for Scientific Exploration, 290
sound,395-400
Space Defense Center, 93
Stanford Institute for Plasma
Research, 613
structural features, 3 75-78
674
u
UFO sightings, geographical
locations:
Alabama, 174,264,311,341,
343,410,413,432,
562-63
Alaska, 126, 142-44, 152,
245,280,294,333,362,
426,429,439
Antarctica, 150, 315-16, 442
Argentina, 120, 121, 125,
154, 156-58, 198, 201,
202,204,216-17,225,
249, 251, 252, 258, 260,
262,265,269,271,273,
274, 276, 277, 282,
287-88, 314, 344,
348-52,361,367,374,
391,393,394,396,398,
403,418,421,423,424,
428,431,442,453,456,
488,491,515,533,
538-39, 554
Arizona, 40, 73-74, 119,
126, 176,205,238,250,
328,336,368,383,384,
389,413,416,418,419,
512, 547-49
Arkansas, 205,255,332,428
Australia, 62-63, 117, 119,
123, 124, 128, 138-40,
150, 153, 158, 198, 200,
202, 203, 205, 219-21,
232-37,245,251,252,
253, 258, 259, 262, 264,
265, 266, 267, 270, 273,
276, 279, 281, 282,
283-84,332,348,350,
361, 367, 375, 382, 385,
387,390,393,396,397,
398,400,401,404,410,
415,421,423,426,427,
Index
430,439,440,442,449,
452,464,470,473,480,
483, 515
Belgium, 50-51, 79, 111-12,
127,176,245,255,311,
375,377,389,400,440,
489,493
Bolivia, 77, 86-87, 120, 367,
410,426
Brazil, 109-11, 120, 126,
131, 245, 251, 252, 254,
255,258,270,274,360,
361,371,377,378,411,
421,439,442,455,460,
469,472,474,482,511,
515, 526-28, 550,
554-55,555-57,562
California, 39-40,76, 117,
121, 122, 123, 124, 125,
135, 136-38, 152, 154,
155, 162-63, 164-65,
166, 169-70, 171, 173,
200,201,204,213,226,
229-31, 242, 244, 254,
265, 280, 281, 284-86,
286-87, 291-92, 294-95,
311,315,320,321-22,
327,334,339-40,341,
343,345,362,363,365,
368,376,380,381,382,
388,392,393,394,395,
397,398,399,403,410,
411,415,416,417,418,
419,420,421,422,423,
424,426,428,429,442,
449,463-64,472,475,
487,488,492,513-14,
525-26
Canada,37-38,48-49, 65,
78,92-94,118,127,
209-12, 243, 245, 251,
263,264,268,280,281,
Index
295,327,330,335,337,
338,339,340,341,344,
361,369,372,373,375,
377,386,398,401,413,
418,420,423,430,439,
440,442,452,459-60,
473,480,482,487,489,
490,515
Chile, 119, 125, 154, 253,
254,316-17,350,361
China, 127, 314
Colombia, 123, 135, 244,
423,431
Colorado, 244, 250, 258,
264,271,332,339,383,
417,560-61
Connecticut, 151, 318, 335,
340,370,389,469,473
Corsica, 289
Costa Rica, 289-91
Delaware, 174, 244, 327, 380
Denmark, 174, 189-90, 253,
255,288-89,381,386,
388,449
England, 79, 99-108, 116,
127, 151, 154, 160, 162,
200, 201, 203, 205,
223-24,249,251,252,
253,254,267,268,270,
271, 275, 277-78, 280,
311,312,314,336,339,
370,374,376,378,383,
388,390,394,396,399,
400,403,439,442,449,
454,462-63,482-83,
513, 515, 535-36,
541-44,557-58,561-62
Finland, 268, 270, 271, 381,
398,404,416,456,482,
483-86,558
Florida, 53, 56, 117, 118,
119, 125, 128-29, 151,
675
176,193-94,244,251,
259,262,267,279,282,
296-97,299-300,315,
318,322,328,336,364,
379,384,393,396,412,
442,473
France,63-65,68, 78,
95-96,122,123,202,
203,217-18,221-22,
253, 254, 262, 265, 267,
269,274,280,292-93,
313,341,362,369,377,
381,382,387,388,390,
394,398,399,403,404,
415,419,427,431,442,
465,466-69,472,473,
477-80,486,490,513,
515,551
Georgia, 77, 151, 152, 174,
198,242,252,254,341,
343,344,365,366,396,
398,414,415,422,452,
455,468,487
Germany, 47-48, 116, 270,
326,373,379,390,402,
420, 423, 431, 491,
494-95,515
Hawaii, 293
Hungary, 128, 492
Idaho, 125,140-41,244,
251, 274, 280, 315,
458-59,474,480-82,
552-53
Illinois, 121, 152, 173, 176,
252,263,279,280,319,
322,329,330,331,332,
333,336-37,343,372,
373,380,384,397,402,
410,420,426,429
India, 122
Indiana, 68, 117, 126, 151,
199,208,249,250,273,
676
279,315,318,324-25,
329,344,366,372,386,
389,426,427,453,454,
487,514
Iowa, 198, 257, 258, 263,
264,279,320,332,333,
338,388
Iran, 49, 78, 94-95, 122,
244,439,449
Ireland, 4 73
Italy, 68, 78, 96-97, 121,
132-33, 154, 175, 243,
257,265,270,312,313,
348-52,362,365,373,
374,378,383,392,394,
399,415,420,421,424,
426,431,442,460-61,
464,465,489,491,492,
495-98,508,515
Japan, 117, 122, 134,
297-98,361,362
Kansas,SS-62, 173,174,
191,198,206,242,249,
264,269,273,281,315,
320,325,329,331,332,
333,335,364,366,375,
387,396,398,402,403,
427,454,565-66
Kentucky, 264, 269, 275,
344,370,382,456,465,
469,488,513,549-50,
551-52
Kuwait, 154, 163-64, 351
Louisiana, 175, 192, 203,
222,260,275,322,342,
343,345,394,403,418,
423,431
Maine, 77, 88-89, 90, 122,
126,171,198,242,250,
279,319,390,402,425,
546-47
Maryland, 150, 314
Index
Massachusetts, 150, 153,
155, 161, 173, 199, 202,
205,250,257,267,270,
272,276,317,319-20,
325,326,327,328,
331-32,335,336,339,
360,368,371,372,373,
375,393,397,414,417,
418,420,422,424,429,
430,491,513,529-30
Mexico, 121, 133-34, 153,
243, 275
Michigan, 78, 89-90, 93-94,
98-99, 117, 171, 172,
184-86,198,207,242,
243,257,273,317-20,
327,329,331,333,341,
350,366,370,371,372,
397,412,417,422,423,
425,442,454-55,604
Minnesota, 98-99, 151, 155,
165,166,203,242,245,
250,262,263,269,273,
315,319,329,334,340,
348,362,363,393,396,
412,413,425
Mississippi, 53, 76, 254, 258,
259,274,341-42,343,
374,381,383,410,428,
452,455,469,487,512,
534-35
Missouri, 38, 39, 61-62, ll8,
123,252,264,268,274,
276,278,281,310,325,
327,334,340-41,349,
377,386,390,417,427
Montana, 45-46, 77, 78,
90-92, 123, 153, 175,
199,261,262,269,
333-34,382,388,423,
442
Mozambique, 126
Index
Nebraska, 173, 244, 320,
325,334,361,372,375,
383,399,411,492,512,
530-32
Nevada, 74-75, 125, 202,
218-19,255,275,363,
396,419,427,454
Newfoundland, 125, 378,
383
New Guinea, 466, 469
New Hampshire, 40-41, 45,
171, 172, 175, 182-83,
186,249,279,280,310,
315,318,330,337,345,
360,368,371,373,374,
384,398,403,413,417,
418,419,426,430,452,
510-11,528-29,539-40,
567-71
New Jersey, 37, 78, 97-98,
121, 152, 243, 250, 267,
320,322,373,374,403,
411,424,439,453,469,
490
New Mexico, 58, 151, 170,
177-82,243,261,262,
327,330,375,396,412,
439,448,464-65,471,
544-45
New York, 45, 57-58, 150,
152, 153, 161, 175,258,
262, 274, 279, 281, 312,
319-20,332,360,367,
368,370,373,380,382,
384,386,387,393,396,
401,410,422,423,430,
431,442,454,458,464,
471,472,473,474-76,
490, 533-34
New Zealand, 49-50, 120,
131-32, 201, 204,
213-14, 224-25, 244,
677
262,348,352,376,385,
393,395,398,426,428,
430,442,457-58,470,
515
North Carolina, 175, 255,
257,262,281,282,311,
339,344,347-48,383,
388,395,399,400,411,
422,452,453,487,488
North Dakota, 77, 80, 92,
119, 130-31, 172, 173,
174, 188, 189, 200,
212-13,243,263,273,
280,331,372,373,381,
386,392,401,412,418,
420, 422, 430, 442,
545-46
Norway, 201, 214-15, 245,
246,268,295-96,312,
387,392
Ohio, 44, 53-56, 65, 73, 79,
81-86, 119, 120, 151,
160, 172, 199,257,259,
263, 265, 267, 281, 282,
319, 320, 326-27,
328-29,330,334,342,
343,344,365,373,377,
379,380,386,387,388,
391,397,398,414,416,
418,419,423,424,439,
442,449,468,472,487
Oklahoma, 120, 132, 242,
243,259,315,319,384,
423,432,472
Oregon, 124,262,322,413
Paraguay, 127, 144-45, 245,
384,403,411,428,449
Pennsylvania, 44-45, 117,
118, 122, 153, 174, 176,
192-93, 199, 202, 205,
208, 215-16, 232, 250,
259, 268, 271, 272, 273,
678
274,276,282,335,338,
361,363,368,369,373,
374,375,379,380,381,
382,384,388,389,391,
393,395,397,400,410,
411,412,414,416,421,
424,427,430,442,454,
483,489
Peru,46, 118,129-30,322,
326,364,472
Poland, 260, 376, 391, 394,
411
Portugal, 79, 108-09, 121,
126,413,424
Puerto Rico, 491
Rhode Island, 257
Rhodesia, 275, 381, 456
Romania, 287, 313
Russia (see Soviet Union and
Republics).
Singapore, 137
South Africa, 152, 171,
183-84,262,265,269,
281,315,378,382,393,
399,400,490,492,
493-94,497
South Carolina, 176, 204,
226,383,424,553-54
South Dakota, 172, 187-88,
200,244,267,331,339,
368,380,397,414,422,
425,429,453
Soviet Union and Republics,
51-52, 127, 128, 155,
244,311,323,370,425,
439,440,492,515
Spain, 77, 87, 118, 122, 130,
252,253,254,255,263,
273,274,275,277,
298-99,313,345-46,
360,361,365,377,380,
387,393,398,399,415,
Index
418,424,427,428,442,
454,455,474,483,489
Sweden, 68, 270
Taiwan, 121, 415
Tasmania, 373, 382, 388,
389,390,399,400,449,
455,456,490,491
Tennessee, 315, 330, 342,
343,469
Texas,41-44,66-67, 76,
123, 152, 160-61, 171,
176,204,205,226-29,
231-32,255,267,271,
275,276,278,315,318,
320,328,334,360,361,
372,374,382,383,384,
400,402,420,439,442,
449,452,453,461-62,
466,490,558-60
Thailand, 77, 81, 119
Uruguay, 203, 222-23, 265,
270,281,316,361,402,
419
Utah, 175, 192, 280, 281,
311,317,322,329,337,
338,339,370,380,386,
390,397,399,453,511,
537-38
Venezuela, 46-47, 200, 360,
392,468,473
Vermont, 154, 244, 246,416,
532, 571-75
Vietnam, 76, 77, 80, 118,
250,386
Virginia, 36, 150, 153, 172,
187,249,263,267,314,
322,336,337,345,364,
368,371,372,374,384,
390,392,396,400,418,
429,472,476-77,492
Wales, 281, 491, 563-64
Washington, DC, 76, 79,
Index
150,313,417,471
Washington state, 119, 151,
158-59,170,312,384,
385,416,420,455,492
West Virginia, 120, 199, 268,
280,292,311,312,325,
336,338,342,380,429
Wisconsin, 98-99, 124, 201,
251, 253, 268, 269, 280,
319,328,348,363,368,
401,413,419,564-65
Wyoming, 170, 540-41
Yugoslavia, 122, 300-02
Zimbabwe, 253
v
vehicle encounter cases,
451-56
679
Volunteer Flight Officers Network (VFON), 646
w
White Sands Missile Range,
NM,58,243,313,330, 592
Wright-Patterson AFB/Air
Force, Wright Field, 97, 592,
595,596,597,600,604,611

=========================================================================
About the Author

Richard H. Hall is a freelance writer-editor who lives in Brentwood,
Maryland, with two feline companions. He is retired from Congressional Information Service, Bethesda, Maryland. For about 30 years he
worked for various trade associations and consulting firms in and
around Washington, DC, including stints as a science writer and .technical editor.
Hall is a graduate of The Gilbert School, Winsted, Connecticut,
and Tulane University, New Orleans, Louisiana, with a B.A. degree in
philosophy. During the Korean War he served in the U.S. Air Force.
Later he became assistant director and acting director of the National
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Washington, DC. At NICAP he compiled The UFO Evidence (1964, Vol. I) and
served as a consultant to the Air Force-sponsored University of Colorado UFO Project. He is also the author of Uninvited Guests (Aurora
Press, 1988) and numerous articles and reports about UFOs. He is
past chairman of the Fund for UFO Research.
Hall has also written Patriots in Disguise (Paragon House, 1993)
about women who fought in the American Civil War. He has published several articles on this topic as well, two of which were selected
to be chapters in American history text books.
His avocations include gardening and historical research, in addition to being a sports fan (mostly baseball and horse racing) and a
music lover.
