========================================================
Title pages


Sight Unseen
Science, UFO Invisibility and Transgenic Beings
Budd Hopkins
Carol Rainey
AT R I A B O O K S
New York London Toronto Sydney Singapore

Sight Unseen
Also by Budd Hopkins
Witnessed
Missing Time
Intruders
Sight Unseen
Science, UFO Invisibility and Transgenic Beings
Budd Hopkins
Carol Rainey
AT R I A B O O K S
New York London Toronto Sydney Singapore
1230 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020
Copyright © 2003 by Budd Hopkins and Carol Rainey
Drawings on pgs. 54, 62, 87, and 176 by Michael Esposito
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce
this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
For information address Atria Books, 1230 Avenue
of the Americas, New York, NY 10020
ISBN: 0-7434-1865-4
AT R I A B O O K S is a trademark of Simon & Schuster, Inc.
Visit us on the World Wide Web:
http://www.SimonSays.com
We dedicate this book to our colleagues in the Intruders
Foundation (IF), who have, over the years, unstintingly
given of their energy, their time, and their creativity, thus
making possible serious research into the UFO abduction
phenomenon. Volunteers as well as the members of IF’s
advisory committee have shown great dedication to this
important work, and we, the authors, extend our deepest
thanks to:
Sal Amendola
Dennis Anderson
Ted Davis
Cathy Del Grosso
Robert Fischer
Oliver Kemenczky
Lisa Langelier-Marks
Bob Long
Ed Martin
Agnes McGarrigle
Joe Orsini
Peter Robbins
Greg Sandow
Jed Turnbull

Acknowledgments
My coauthor, Carol Rainey, and I owe an enormous debt of gratitude
to the many people who contributed to the shaping of our book,
helping to keep it as error-free as possible and as rich in new scientific
and abduction information as we ever dared to hope.
First, we would like to thank the many abduction experiencers
whose intimate and revealing accounts are included in the following
pages. One abductee, Katharina Wilson, has gone so far as to allow us
to use her name, a brave decision in this contentious field. Many other
abductees whose UFO encounters are included in these pages have
generously allowed us to use their accounts under pseudonyms, and to
each of them we also offer our profound thanks. They have made vital
and courageous contributions to the world’s understanding of the UFO
abduction phenomenon.
A number of scientists have also been extremely helpful and conscientious in reading the manuscript and offering professional advice.
Among these scientists are many friends and colleagues, including,
especially, Michael Swords, Stanton Friedman, Bruce Maccabee, and
John Altshuler. Historian and pioneering abduction researcher David
Jacobs has been centrally helpful in giving the manuscript a wise, critical reading, as has my close associate, Ted Davis.
Jerry Clark, through his invaluable writings, has been, as always, a
reservoir of useful information. We have also received significant leads
and assistance from Anne Ramsey Cuvelier and Michael O’Connell.
Carolyn Longo also gave unstintingly of her time in transcribing our
extensive interviews.
We would especially like to offer our gratitude to Phyllis Wender,
my agent of more than twenty years, who has shepherded me through
the rigors of three previous books as well as this current work, Sight
Unseen. She has been enormously helpful to us both. Our editor,
Mitchell Ivers, has done a superb job of aiding in the clarification of a
great deal of intricate information, and if the book flows smoothly, he
deserves a great deal of the credit.
viii Acknowledgments
Throughout the research and writing of Sight Unseen, we have felt
ourselves blessed by the support of friends, fellow UFO researchers,
and literary colleagues too numerous to mention, and to all of them we
wish to extend our profound gratitude. In so many ways, their gifts of
critical intelligence and generous affection have helped make this book
possible.


Contents

Introduction 1
I: Budd Hopkins
II: Carol Rainey
PART I: Unseen
1 The Alien Abductors: Hiding-And Sometimes Showing Off 17
2 Missing Children, a Three-Story Fall, and an Air Force Fire Truck 22
3 Uncovering Clues to the Science of Invisibility 42
4 The Camera Never Lies? 65
5 The Perpetual Photographer 85
6 The Strange Case of the Reluctant Faucets 100
7 How to Explain Katharina? 110
8 The Rippling Window 120
9 Maggie's Holographic Body? 129
10 A Note on UFO Research 134
PART II: Seen
11 Aliens Here and Now 139
12 New Life-Forms 148
13 Eyewitness Testimony and a Command Performance 152
14 The Breakdown of the Barriers Between Species 162
15 The Man Who Knew Too Much 188
16 The Case of the Missing Ladies' Room 207
17 A Very Special Perfume 214
18 Vulnerable in a Thousand Ways 218
19 First You See Them, Then You Don't 239
20 The Phantom Support Group, Stewart, and Other Mysteries 246
21 The Outback Steak House Incident 258
22 Behind the Scenery 276
23 Anne-Marie and the Elusive Mr. Paige 296
24 The Luckiest Little Abductee 318
25 Damoe and the Unmarked Helicopters 340
26 Human Resources: Ours or Theirs? 357
27 A Few Final Words 378
Notes 387
Index 397

=====================================================================
Introduction 


Budd Hopkins

In the year 2001, I marked a quarter-century of investigation into the
UFO abduction phenomenon. When I first began to examine accounts
of alien abduction in 1976, researchers were aware of only a handful of
these bizarre and intriguing reports. Although these accounts of alien
abduction were apparently unrelated, they were often made by highly
credible witnesses. As the years passed I received thousands of reports
and was able to closely investigate hundreds of accounts with striking
similarities. Unrelated individuals each described similar specific
details, further adding to the credibility of the witnesses. As I examined
and compared these cases, I was able to detect many recurring patterns.
Portentous in the extreme, these patterns seemed to point inexorably to
one plausible interpretation: Intelligent, nonhuman beings possessing
a technology vastly superior to our own have arrived on our planet.
Even more disturbing, these enigmatic visitors have apparently
embarked upon a covert, highly systematic program in which thousands of our men, women, and children are repeatedly lifted out of their
everyday lives. They are removed from their cars, backyards, beds, and
schools and subjected to a methodical regimen of examination, study,
and sample-taking. Though UFO investigators have amassed a great
deal of information about the UFO occupants’ methods and the nature
of their interest in us, we are still uncertain as to their ultimate plans,
for our planet and for the human race. Various scenarios been proposed; few offer much peace of mind.1
It has taken years of careful comparative research to isolate scores
of highly specific recurring patterns within what had at first seemed an
idiosyncratic, almost random collection of incidents. At the present
time we can confidently define the abduction phenomenon as a distinct 
body of hard-edged, precisely detailed, mutually corroborative
recurring events that have involved thousands of individuals from all
over the world.
As I looked into case after case, one common pattern that I discovered has to do with particular types of scars found on individuals after
abduction experiences, apparently the result of quasimedical sampletaking procedures carried out by the UFO occupants.2 These telltale
lesions are of two main types: circular “scoopmarks”-depressions one
to two centimeters in diameter and
several millimeters deep-and neat,
straight-line, “surgical” cuts ranging
from two to nine centimeters in
length. I have seen perhaps one hundred scoop marks-the more common
of the two types and often appearing
on the lower leg-and scores of
straight-line cuts. Several physicians
have noticed the similarity of scoop
marks to the scars left by punch biopsies, but X rays and other forms of
medical examination have not yet led
to a consistent theory as to why these
marks were made.
The “screen memory” phenomenon is another pattern that I uncovered 
shortly after I began my investigations.3 A “screen memory”
results when UFO occupants somehow substitute more palatable conventional imagery for an abductee’s traumatic recollections. Instead of
recalling unnerving alien faces with large, impenetrable black eyes and
gray, hairless skin, abductees have frequently reported conscious, prehypnotic memories of such things as five-foot-tall wingless owls; gray,
hairless, upright cats; or deer with expressive black eyes that communicate mind-to-mind. In one case, what was first perceived as a pileup of
six wrecked automobiles with their headlights ablaze eventually
revealed itself as a landed UFO, and in another case, a huge, motionless silver airplane initially stood in for a UFO in the sunny sky. The
idea that these images are not self-generated but are implanted in the
minds of abductees by their captors is supported by the fact that two or
more people in the same encounter saw exactly the same (impossible)
five-foot-tall owl staring at them, the same pileup of six empty cars on a
deserted road, or the same telepathic deer.
Scoop marks, straight-line scars, and screen memories are just a few
of the many recurring patterns that have been documented by
researchers in literally thousands of abduction cases throughout the
world. Among the more than five hundred abductees I have personally
worked with over the past quarter century, there are African-Americans,
Catholics, musicians, a NASA research scientist, Mormons, medical
doctors, Japanese, Muslims, Scotsmen, farmers, Israelis, nurses,
Orthodox Jews, Brazilians, Protestant ministers, Australians, scientists,
Hispanics, policemen, Hindus, actors, Canadians, psychiatrists, airline
pilots, military officers, businesspeople, engineers, artists, students,
professors-and even a prostitute or two. Their encounters with nonhuman occupants of UFOs have taken place in the city and the country,
in forests and front yards, in groups or individually. These encounters
are neither imaginary nor “imaginal”-whatever that portmanteau
word actually means. They are not the results of hallucinations, sleep
paralysis, or hoaxes. The skilled UFO researcher has learned how to
identify such mundane explanations, thus avoiding pursuit of any
vague, dubious, and unsupported accounts.
Out of the mass of credible reports that remain, the supporting
physical, medical, and photographic evidence is so consistent that none
of the debunkers’ psychological or psychosocial theories can begin to
explain it away. Over the years, for better or for worse, I have come to
believe that UFO abductions are real, event-level occurrences. They
constitute a truly extraordinary phenomenon, and it would seem a truism that an extraordinary phenomenon demands an extraordinary
investigation.
This brings us to one of the truly great human mysteries: that five
decades of these consistent and alarming findings have escaped the
attention of mainstream science. Not one penny of the National
Science Foundation’s budget or the National Institutes of Health’s
(NIH) $20.3 billion research budget has ever been applied to investigation of the UFO abduction phenomenon. (The NIH confidently predicts congressional approval to double that research budget by 2003.)
Not one academic institution takes the phenomenon seriously enough
to develop an accredited program of study around it. There have been,
certainly, a few courageous individual scientists and scholars who have
hacked paths into the tangled UFO jungle of skeptical hyperbole, myth,
ridicule, and misidentification and found their way into the broad
clearing of credible eyewitness reports. Unfortunately, many of those
who have publicly announced themselves as being seriously interested
in investigating the UFO mystery have paid dearly for their courage
with professional careers that have been blighted by intolerant, even
outraged colleagues.4
Researcher Richard Hall has said that we have two possibilities of
obtaining meaningful answers to the UFO dilemma: one; if science
and government wake up and begin to support its thorough investigation; and two; if the aliens decide to communicate their intent to us and
make their presence undeniable. But, unfortunately, none of the parties involved seem very partial to either of these possibilities.
One would think that the implications of the UFO mystery-which
include the possible end of human culture and existence as we know
it-would evoke a terrible outcry, a groundswell of demands to look
into these reports. But this is not happening, especially at the governmental and scientific levels, where scorn and disavowal of interest in
the subject prevail. We believe this is due less to concern about the
potential danger of covert extraterrestrial presence than to the widespread tenet in the realms of government, science, and the media that
it is just not possible.

As for the aliens, rather than the proverbial broadcast from the
White House lawn, the aliens seem quite content with their program of
secrecy. And why not? Whatever their ultimate purpose, they are able
to dip in and out of our world with impunity. They don’t have to tell us
what they are doing, because-to the best of our knowledge-no government, no power on earth is holding them accountable.
In Sight Unseen, my wife, writer and filmmaker Carol Rainey, and I
propose to look directly at the question of what is possible-and what is
not-in the so-called “impossible” UFO phenomenon. For instance,
how can a flying disc fifty feet in diameter simply vanish? Is it feasible
that two little girls in a major city could be abducted from their cellar
playroom in broad daylight with no one seeing it happen? Or, if nature
has established a powerful barrier against interspecies breeding, how
could we be receiving so many reports of human-alien “hybrids”? How
could a car, a cow, or even a person, “levitate” up a beam of light? Is there
any credibility to abductee reports of having their behavior and emotions controlled by the UFO occupants? Is there any concrete science
that we can refer to in exploring these seemingly paranormal events?
We believe that by looking at some fascinating theoretical twists and
turns as well as several quite bizarre discoveries in modern science,
particularly in the field of physics, we can show how UFOs and their
occupants may actually obey, not defy, the laws of physics and the natural sciences. We will demonstrate, once and for all, how phenomena
conventionally thought to be impossible might actually be occurring
now, presently, in our lifetime.
But while we may find intriguing analogies between the mysteries
of the UFO phenomenon and the kaleidoscopic new findings in
biotechnology, neurophysiology, and quantum physics, we’ll resist the
temptation to assume that likeness constitutes proof of the existence of
radical UFO technology. For several reasons, applying scientific principles to UFO research through the time-honored methods of science
has always been a problematic undertaking. Most often the researcher
is not a direct observer of the UFO event or abduction and instead has
to depend on the testimony of credible witnesses-on secondhand
observations. However, as we have seen, specific details, reported over
and over by individuals from different countries, ages, and backgrounds, form distinct and compelling patterns, and it is by thorough
examination of those patterns that our knowledge of the UFO phenomenon advances. Furthermore, we believe that both our current and
emerging scientific ideas will shed light on the UFO mystery, and light
is what will ultimately give the UFO phenomenon plausibility and corporeal reality in the doubting eyes of the world.
In the following chapters, we will explore several newly isolated abduction patterns that are both extraordinary and deeply unsettling. The consistencies of these cases form perhaps the most radical and disturbing
aspects of the UFO phenomenon yet to be openly discussed. We don’t yet
fully understand these events, nor are we able to prove their occurrence in
the usual scientific manner. However, these events can newly inform a
dialogue between abduction data and our earthly science’s fresh gleanings about the nature of reality. It is in this exchange between the elusive
mystery of UFOs and, for instance, the eerie world of quantum particles
that some common language may be found.
A recent example of scientific support for “impossible” alien capabilities has to do with what I term “alien co-option.” In Witnessed: The
True Story of the Brooklyn Bridge Abductions, I described how the
abductee Linda Cortile seemed to have been temporarily “taken over”
by the UFO occupants, behaving as if she were in complete sympathy
with them, wholly accepting their goals and methods. Her behavior
went far beyond what has been called the Stockholm syndrome, the
tendency for long-term captives to identify with their captors. As
revealed in a hypnotic regression, in less than an hour Linda changed
from a reluctant prisoner to a forceful ally of the aliens, showing outright contempt for her fellow abductees. Even more remarkable, she
scolded them about reckless human damage to the environment, mentioning specific materials such as basaltic lavas and the effects of pollution on the health of certain sea creatures-issues about which she
apparently had no conscious knowledge. When the abduction ended,
she changed from Mr. Hyde back to Dr. Jekyll and resumed her normal
stance as a frightened, angry abductee who despised what the aliens
had done to her and her companions. Her temporary co-option by the
aliens had ended. “You know, Budd,” she said later, “I flunked science
in high school. I don’t know how I knew about these things.”
At the time, as is my custom, I did not write or speak about what
seemed to be a onetime report of a new element in an abduction
account. But after a number of similar reports surfaced, I had to
acknowledge that a new pattern had emerged. In several cases the coopted abductees described themselves as dressed in smooth, blue,
formfitting one-piece “alien” garments with no noticeable fasteners-
garments they do not remember putting on or taking off. All felt both a
deep-seated anger and a sense of profound humiliation after their experiences, in which their wills had somehow been completely overridden.
All hated the fact that they had been used as involuntary conscripts,
either to ease the fears of other frightened abductees or, as in Linda’s
case, to preach a demeaning alien message.
How is such a thorough co-option of abductees possible? Is it the
result of a patient, long-drawn-out Manchurian Candidate type of alien
brainwashing? Is it a chemical or psychological process? Or is it perhaps something more direct: a neurological shortcut that can be utilized as easily as pressing a light switch?
In her perusal of the scientific literature, Carol Rainey has discovered a fascinating mystery involving a particular kind of spider that
suggests, on an infinitely more primitive level, a parallel with alien cooption. She explains:
One of the creepiest images that science fiction has planted in our
cultural psyche is the idea of alien invasion of one’s mind and
body-being taken over by another creature and made to do its terrible bidding. But scientists have recently discovered that at least one
form of bizarre “mind control” is not just science fiction: It actually
occurs on a regular basis deep in the rain forests of Costa Rica. As
reported in the journal Nature by spider expert Dr. William G.
Eberhard, scientists have discovered a parasitic wasp with the ability
to manipulate its host’s behavior.5
Here in the deep-shadowed jungle, the ichneumon, or parasitic
wasp, preys on the industrious orb-weaving spider, so named
because of the perfectly round web it regularly spins. The distinctive
web results from a five-step process: In the first two stages, the spider lays lateral cables as the web’s structural framework; it then
interweaves row after row of delicate circular strands around the lateral frame. When the wasp attacks, it temporarily paralyzes the spider before laying an egg on the tip of the spider’s abdomen. With
the “alien” wasp egg awkwardly out of its reach, the spider dutifully
resumes its daily web-spinning. For two weeks the spider’s activities
go on as before-except for the wasp larva clinging to its belly,
slowly sucking the life out of its host. Up to this point it’s your typical unsavory bodily-fluid-loss parasite story.
But here’s the twist: The night before the wasp larva finally kills
the spider, it somehow directs the spider to construct a totally different web. Like a zombie, the spider suddenly stops the daily rebuilding of its delicate, round web. With hours or minutes left to live, the
spider host spins two thick, cablelike strands with strong crossbraces between them-a resting place for the stately, heavier wasp;
a durable platform resistant to wind and rain, high above the
marauding ants on the ground below.
Mission accomplished, the wasp larva kills the spider and spins
its own cocoon on the suspended platform especially constructed
for it by its co-opted victim. Dr. Eberhard postulates that the spider
has literally been reprogrammed, most likely by the wasp’s having
injected some chemical into its host. But the internal target is
clearly specific and alters the spider’s normal behavior at just the
right time to benefit the wasp. Essentially, the larva has manipulated
a specific subroutine in the spider’s web-spinning program. Instead
of its usual five-step process, the spider-under larval direction-
can only perform the first two lateral steps over and over.
Another interesting twist: When Dr. Eberhard experimented by
removing the larva from the spider right before it was killed, the spider continued to build the platform-style web for only a short time.
Within hours, it reverted to weaving its usual orblike web. “It’s as
if,” Eberhard says, “the spider is recovering from strong drug.”
At this early point in the study, goals are to isolate the chemical
and the larval gland that secretes it and determine how it targets
specifically the web-spinning operations of the spider. Other scientists have previously reported on various ways that parasites shape
their hosts’ behavior. But according to Dr. Jay Rosenheim, an expert
on parasitic wasps at the University of California at Davis, this
example is astounding, both for the detailed way that the host’s
behavior is manipulated and how little is known about the means by
which it is accomplished.
“I think biology is one of our last great frontiers,” said Dr. Ian
Gauld at the Natural History Museum in London.6 “We have got no
idea about what there is on earth with us, let alone what it is doing
or how it is doing it.”
Little, indeed, do Dr. Gauld-or many other scientists-know
what is on earth with us. Or what it is doing. Or how it does it.
With regard to alien co-option and Linda Cortile, the sudden changes
in her behavior, coupled with the surprising new breadth of her vocabulary and knowledge of technology, suggest a kind of temporary alien
control similar to, but far more complex than, the wasp’s effect on the
orb-spinning spider. And as in the spider’s situation, when Linda was
removed from the controlling alien milieu, she resumed her normal
anti-alien posture as well as her usual modest range of scientific knowledge. Is one of these two very strange phenomena any easier to explain
than the other? We know for certain that one phenomenon-the temporary co-option of the spider by the wasp-is not only possible but
observably real. By some analogous process, might not alien co-option
of abductees be equally possible, equally real?
The structure of this book is deceptively simple: I will present newly
observed patterns within the abduction phenomenon, and Carol
Rainey will present recent developments in various fields of science-
such as the story of Dr. Eberhard’s wasp-that appear relevant to these
startling UFO abduction cases.
We have titled our book Sight Unseen for a very specific reason. The
first section “Unseen,” deals with the aliens’ successful methods of
concealing their worldwide program of human abduction, while the
second section, “Seen” will explore newly recognized patterns of
extreme alien visibility. In each part of the book we will be presenting
case material that is almost totally unknown to the general public, as
well as unfamiliar and radical new scientific thinking and experimentation in fields such as physics, neurobiology, and genetics that will help
the reader further understand the plausibility of UFO technology.
For too long the idea has persisted that the UFO phenomenon and
science as we know it are absolute adversaries. Fed by eager skeptics,
the illusion persists that science is rational while everything having to
do with UFOs is irrational-that scientists “know” with certainty what
is possible and what is ultimately impossible. In Sight Unseen we
intend to show how that blinkered view needlessly narrows our conception of the physical world and blinds us to what may well be the most
important event in human history-the unheralded arrival on our
planet of intelligent, nonhuman beings.


Carol Rainey

The first time that I ever heard about UFO abduction cases, I was leaning into the wind on a Cape Cod beach that was sparsely dotted with
companionable groups of summer people enjoying their last few days
at the shore. It was the fall of 1995, and my neighbor, Sally Fleschner,
and I had just driven down from the Boston area where we lived to join
some of Sally’s New York friends-writers, painters, psychiatrists,
professors, restaurateurs, and patrons of the arts. One of the painters I
was introduced to was an animated, slender man with silver hair, a
natural-born raconteur by the name of Budd Hopkins. As his stories
unfurled one after another that afternoon, it became apparent that this
artist was also the “UFO investigator” that Sally had told me about on
the drive down. As a pragmatic attorney, she had thought the UFO
subject was “a little kooky” but told me not to worry about it, that I’d
like Budd. Everybody liked Budd. A few hours later, seeing him surrounded by friends at the water’s edge, I was also drawn to this man’s
lively wit. But as I listened that day to Budd’s account of a UFO case
right there on Cape Cod, I clearly remember the confusion of my
thoughts. I’d never thought of UFOs, I’d never even heard of “alien
abductions,” and I had no idea that intelligent people took these ideas
seriously.
At first I felt slightly stunned. Budd had launched into an account
about an enlisted man, Bob, who’d been abducted by a UFO in Truro,
the next town over from the beach we stood on, right in front of Dutra’s
Grocery, a mom-and-pop store I knew well. Two hours later, according
to Budd, Bob was returned to the road in front of the store, disheveled
and confused. When he called his destination, the North Truro Air
Force Base, he discovered that a jeep had been sent to pick him up at
the store an hour and a half earlier and hadn’t found him there. Bob
later had scattered memories of bulbous-headed creatures with big
eyes inserting something in his nose.
I looked quizzically at my friend Sally, thinking: What have you gotten me into this time? She laughed and waved me away as Budd managed to steer me apart from the others and into a stroll down the beach.
That’s when my innate skepticism kicked in. Almost shouting to be
heard over the wind and the waves, I fired a volley of questions at this
affable, gentle man. Budd was more than implying that UFOs actually
existed. How could that be possible? Why would he believe these people’s stories when science was silent on the subject? Furthermore, if
this was even partially true, what would be the implications for
humans as a species? And how did he propose to deal with the terrible
shakeup of human beings coming to terms with the idea that we might
not be the pinnacle of all earthly creation, as we’d naively assumed ever
since man became a sentient being?
Looking back, I realize now that my anger on that brisk, salt afternoon was coming from a familiar place. I was feeling foolish and clueless because I had no way to evaluate the truth of what had been placed
in front of me. My childhood had been sprinkled liberally with similar
moments of stinging helplessness and frustration. Growing up as I
did, inside a clan of fundamentalist Plymouth Brethren in central
Illinois, tended to limit one’s knowledge of popular culture, which this
UFO thing seemed to be. I’d grown up in the sixties without television
or movies or popular literature; we didn’t dance, smoke, drink, fornicate, or divorce. I couldn’t have identified Elvis from Opie or H. G.
Wells from Orson Welles. During my high school science class, on certain days I often found myself seated outside in the hallway on a chair
placed there just for me. The topic under discussion inside, I vaguely
gathered, was blasphemous about the truth of Genesis-that God had
created the heavens and the earth in six days.
After blasting a painful exit out of my family at age nineteen, I’d set
about to deliberately change every major aspect of my life and consciousness. Rather than be separate from the world, as I’d been taught
was right and good, I wanted to immerse myself in knowledge of the
world-both in this universe and in other possible universes. After
many years in graduate school, it was this yearning that finally led me
into doctoral work in Future Studies, one of the last advanced general-
ist degrees left in the country. We studied such futuristic subjects as the
shocks to the system brought about by a rapidly changing, technological society, alternative energy, and the possibility of living off-planet
one day. Eventually, I went on to make documentaries and other television programs, mainly films about science, with scientists. My life was
filled to the brim with intellectual friends, literature, scholarship, and
art. So, twenty-six years later, how was it possible to find myself
stranded again by my own cultural ignorance? Over the past quarter
century of moving about freely in “the world,” I could not consciously
remember ever hearing the phrase alien abduction phenomenon. And
the only vague association I had for the term UFO was a light, dismissive tone in someone’s voice. It certainly wasn’t a subject anyone I
knew in Boston talked about.
Why I didn’t automatically dismiss the ideas I was hearing for the
first time on that Cape Cod beach I wouldn’t understand until several
years later. But I didn’t dismiss them: I let the ideas sit and simmer.
The patterns that began to emerge from the reports-certain details of
the experiences repeated over and over by people who didn’t know one
another-stirred my sense of wonder. In some odd way, my earlier academic life in Future Studies had prepared me to take this thing on. If I
was going to continue a friendship with Budd Hopkins-was going to
continue to discuss a topic as outré as people abducted by UFOs-I
knew what I had to do. I had to go back and look at the underpinnings,
the background, of a topic that included people levitating up light
beams, people “switched off,” their memories seemingly manipulated
from afar, and the on-again, off-again visibility of airborne objects
larger than houses and even football stadiums. Just how solid was the
ground that Budd was standing on? Was there any scientific evidence
or theory that explained such “paranormal” events?
So it was a secret project of my own that I took on that fall of 1995. I
didn’t mention to anyone how I spent my evenings and weekends-
reading books with titles that I hid in public: UFOs Over the Americas
and Flying Saucers: Top Secret. Starting with some of the earliest literature from the 1950’s and 1960’s that dealt exclusively with craft sightings, I planned to methodically work my way toward my new friend’s
more recent abduction-related books.
I remember the night I made the decision to fully commit to the
study of the UFO phenomenon. As I opened yet another book on the
subject, I sensed that it was more than an autumn chill that was causing my discomfort. I suddenly recalled a favorite professor of mine
who’d been fond of quoting British philosopher Alfred North
Whitehead whenever one of her students felt confused and tangled up
in the various threads of writing an essay or short story. “Just hold on to
the idea and trust it,” she’d say, “because the creative process, like a
new relationship or any discovery, always begins in that “ ‘state of imaginative muddled suspense.’ ” And after the chaos and discomfort, continued the unspoken promise, there would come the understanding, the
synthesis and breakthrough.
I turned on the lamp and pulled a comforter around me as I started
reading. Opening the yellowing pages of a 1955 book by retired Marine
Corps major Donald Keyhoe called Flying Saucer Conspiracy that I’d
borrowed from Budd, I set out on the first leg of my life’s most unusual
adventure yet. As far away from Normal, Illinois, as I’d come, I had a
distinctly eerie feeling that there was somewhere else I was supposed
to go-but where that place was, I didn’t know. The danger was that the
territory was so strange, so unknown, that I’d get lost. In fact, plan on it,
I thought with a grim sort of humor. Just count on it.
In Sight Unseen, the science chapters record my own journey into
the mazelike heart of the UFO phenomenon. Along the way, I share
insights I’ve gained from holding up abduction reports to the light of
contemporary science. By taking a look at both our current and emerging sciences, we can begin to understand how UFOs seem to exist in a
realm that is hard-edged and material part of the time and immaterial
and ghostly at other times. Although some explanations for aspects of
the UFO phenomenon come directly from mainstream science-such
as military stealth technology and the limitations of our own human
senses-most of the possibilities we’ll explore are so cutting-edge that
the public is not yet aware they exist in the objectively tested, documented world of science. Some of the new technologies and discoveries that we’ll examine might have seemed magical even ten years ago.
They include:
• levitation of objects, including live frogs and balls
• laser light beams that lift objects
• the dropping of the genetic barrier between species
• transplanting a specific behavior from one species to another
• the development of targeted gene transfer-implanting a
salmon gene into a tomato, for example
• teleportation achieved in the laboratory, not on Star Trek
• stopping light in its speedy tracks before sending it on its
way again
• the real possibility of time travel
• the probability that we are surrounded by an infinite number
of other universes.
I hope that the exploration of these and other new discoveries will
help to create common ground between scientists and people intrigued
by UFOs. Although it often seems so, this is not an impossible goal.
After all, as psychoanalyst Salvatore Guido, a fellow futurist of sorts,
once said: “Nature does not deceive or surreptitiously change its mind:
we can count on the eventuality that it will not secretly change the rules
of the game. It is only our knowlege that is limited. In the quest for scientific knowledge, the resistance to be overcome is on the side of the
scientist.”7



PART I
UNSEEN


================================================================
1. THE ALIEN ABDUCTORS: HIDING-AND SOMETIMES SHOWING OFF

When details of the first thoroughly investigated UFO abduction report-the now famous Betty and Barney Hill case-came
to wide public attention in 1966, researchers made several deductions
about the aliens’ modus operandi. Since the incident occurred at night
in a sparsely populated area of New Hampshire’s White Mountains, it
was assumed that the aliens had selected the time and location in order
to reduce the chance of accidental witnesses. The full story of the Hills’
abduction story has been told elsewhere and need not be repeated here,
but for our purposes it is important to point out that in 1961, the year the
incident actually occurred, investigators thought of it as a kind of cosmic
commando raid in which speed and maximum concealment were central concerns.1 And when I later read about it in John Fuller’s classic
account and eventually accepted its validity, I agreed with this simple,
military-type analysis.
Similar UFO abductions, if they happened at all, were most likely to be
extremely rare, investigators later hypothesized, almost always taking place
at night, in rural settings, so that they could be carried out unobserved. And
among those who took the case seriously, most assumed that the Hills’
abduction might well be the only such incident that had ever occurred.
Apart from this unlucky couple who were in the wrong place at the wrong
time, human beings were probably safe from such experiences.
As it turned out, all of these assumptions were wrong.
By the 1970’s, as a few more abduction cases were reported and
investigated, another pattern emerged that radically changed our thinking. In these accounts, several abductees reported that when the UFO
occupants first approached them, people in their immediate vicinity
suddenly appeared to have been “switched off” and put into a comalike
state. These switched-off individuals were often described as sitting or
standing rigidly in the postures they had been in when the aliens
arrived on the scene. Their eyes were open, but they were obviously not
registering what was taking place. Later, when the abduction ended,
these potential witnesses began to move normally, recalling nothing of
the incident but often aware that, mysteriously, several hours-of
which they had no memory-had elapsed.
Thus we had a major new factor to consider in the aliens’ ability to
maintain the covert nature of their operations. They apparently possessed a technology by which potential witnesses could be prevented
from seeing UFO occupants and observing the abduction of someone
in their immediate vicinity-even someone traveling in the same automobile. As an example of this newly discovered factor, one highly credible woman I once worked with, a mother of two and by profession an
obstetrical nurse, described an experience she had had as a young student. In 1973, “Karen” was at a small party with about ten other young
people, some of whom were also student nurses. Karen recalls that she
was seated cross-legged on the couch, talking with her friends, relaxing, and listening to music. Though the young people were drinking
beer, none of the student nurses were intoxicated.
In Karen’s very next conscious memory she was in her car, driving
along a local road just after sunrise, completely confused and disoriented. She stopped at a coffee shop and went in to try to calm herself,
but the more she pondered the mystery of the nearly five missing
hours, the more upset she became.
Later, when she was in her apartment and feeling less frightened,
she called a friend who had been present at the party. He asked where
she had gone. “I looked around and you weren’t there. Nobody remembers seeing you leave. We figured you had just slipped out and gone
home.”
Some ten years later, Karen read Missing Time-an apt title for her
disturbing experience-and wrote to me. We met in my studio on Cape
Cod for a hypnotic regression session to explore the incidents of that
night. We began with the party itself, when Karen sat cross-legged on
the couch. Suddenly she felt herself begin to move involuntarily.
Frightened and confused, she floated forward off the couch with her
legs still folded in front of her. She tried to grab something to stop herself but realized that she could not move her arms. She was paralyzed
and helpless.
Though she could not turn her head, her vision was unimpaired. All
of the other people in the room were absolutely frozen in fixed positions. No one spoke. There was an eerie, total silence. She floated to,
and then through, the closed front door. Several small alien beings were
waiting outside and accompanied her into a UFO hovering above the
street, and the abduction commenced.
UFO investigators have received hundreds of such reports in the
past few decades, incidents in which abductees have described friends,
family members, or even passing strangers as seeming to be switched
off in just this manner, unaware of the abduction that is taking place in
their presence, but often aware of an unrecalled period of missing
time. Some people have noted particular physical consequences to having been “frozen” for an hour or so. In one case, “Ann,” a young college
student, was apparently switched off while her companion was
abducted. Afterward, when things returned to normal and Ann could
move, her eyes hurt so badly that her contact lenses felt like sandpaper.
As she removed the lenses and lubricated her eyes, she wondered why
this painful condition had developed so suddenly, seemingly in an
instant. Years later, in separate hypnosis sessions, we explored the
experience shared by Ann and her companion and she learned for the
first time that she had been switched off-unmoving and unblinking-for an hour or so. Our eyes are naturally lubricated by a layer of
moisture and the regular blinking action of the eyelids, so when that
process was stopped, painful dryness resulted. This same condition
has been reported to me by a number of other switched-off wearers of
contact lenses.
To complicate the issue of abduction concealment even further, in
later years a pair of extremely unusual UFO abductions have come to
light that cast an interesting light on the patterns we have been consid-
ering. In these incidents, witnesses were not switched off but in fact
saw and remembered the abduction-or at least certain parts of its
basic scenario. For some reason, in these cases the UFO occupants
made virtually no attempt to hide their activities and in one instance-
the Linda Cortile case of 1989-apparently arranged things deliberately so that the abduction would be seen by numerous people, including several important political figures.2
Earlier, in the 1975 Travis Walton case, seven young men in a doublecab truck were returning from work in a remote area near Snowflake,
Arizona, when they sighted a large UFO hovering above the treetops off
to one side of the road.3 The driver stopped and Walton, a passenger,
jumped out for a closer look. As the men in the truck yelled for him to
get back in, they saw a blue beam of light shoot from the craft and hit
Walton, lifting him off the ground and knocking him backward.
Terrified, the men drove off, only to collect themselves after a few minutes and return to search for their comrade. Walton had disappeared.
Frightened and in a state of near panic, Walton’s fellow workers
reported the incident to the police and a fruitless search was begun.
Ultimately the witnesses were tested by an experienced polygraph operator and none showed any signs of deception. Five days later Travis
Walton returned, dehydrated and disoriented, having been deposited
by the UFO beside a nearby highway. Eventually he, too, passed a polygraph test about his abduction. Two decades later, in a reinvestigation
of the case, the men were once again given polygraph tests. All passed.
What is important about the Walton case for our purposes is that it
demonstrates what might happen if abductions were regularly
observed and consciously recalled by independent witnesses, especially
close friends or family members. Panic, terror, and an immediate call
for help would be their predictable responses-all of which run
counter to the aliens’ apparent need to operate covertly.
The Linda Cortile case, the subject of my book Witnessed: The True
Story of the Brooklyn Bridge UFO Abductions, is an even more important
instance of an abduction seen by numerous witnesses who also were
not switched off but were able to watch Linda-the abductee-and
three small alien figures float out the window of her twelfth-floor apartment and up into a hovering UFO. The story is extremely complex,
with independent witnesses at six separate locations seeing all or part
of the initial abduction events. Furthermore, each of these witnesses
has described other witnesses to this abduction who were either
switched off and do not remember the incident or, for one reason or
another, have not wished either to contact me or to make themselves
known. (Humiliation and ridicule, debunkers’ basic methods of intimidating witnesses, are extremely effective.)
So we can assume that even though this incident took place around
three A.M. and lasted only a minute or so, there must have been many
people-perhaps hundreds-who also saw a truly “impossible” sight.
Though it is difficult to put ourselves in the place of such witnesses,
many rationalizations for not calling the police or the news media present themselves. One woman I interviewed, “Janet Kimball,” was driving across the Brooklyn Bridge when the craft turned on all its lights.
She said that as the clearly visible UFO hovered above the building,
shining down a bluish-white beam of light and levitating Linda Cortile
and the aliens up into it, she thought she must be watching a movie
being made. These are special effects, Janet thought to herself. “Someone’s always shooting a movie in New York,” she told me. “It was so
real, it looked fake.”
The Linda Cortile case and the Travis Walton abduction suggest that
the switching off of potential witnesses to conceal abductions is perhaps not always a viable tactic. But these two cases surely demonstrate
that if people are allowed to observe and recall what they have seen, the
basic alien strategy of concealment is dramatically undercut. As I
stated earlier, I have investigated hundreds of reports from New York
and other large cities, including Washington, D.C., London, Los
Angeles, Chicago, Paris, Istanbul, and Rio de Janeiro-cases in which
abductions were carried out successfully and covertly, even though
there were hundreds, perhaps thousands, of potential witnesses.
And so we come to the first question we must try to answer: If we
accept the premise that it is preferable-if not always possible-for
UFO occupants to carry out abductions covertly, by what methods do
they effectively conceal their frequent abductions of city residents?
How do operations that normally should be witnessed by thousands
remain unseen?

============================================================================
2. MISSING CHILDREN, A THREE-STORY FALL, AND AN AIR FORCE FIRE TRUCK

Let us begin to attempt to answer the question posed at the end
of the last chapter by examining the following three cases, which
demonstrate some of the perplexing issues faced by skeptics,
debunkers, and open-minded investigators alike. Beyond any doubt, a
major aspect of the abduction mystery lies in such vivid initial accounts
as these, all three of which preceded by decades any associations the
witnesses made between these experiences and UFO phenomena. In
fact, the incidents occurred in 1948, 1957, and 1974, respectively, when
almost no one was familiar with what we have come to know as the signature patterns of the UFO abduction phenomenon.
At the time these mysterious incidents occurred, the participants
could make no logical sense of them. Therefore, each account eventually
became part of the family lore, told, retold, puzzled over, and discussed
again and again by close friends and family members. Twenty, thirty, even
forty years passed before any of those involved sensed that these experiences might be connected to the UFO abduction phenomenon and consequently got in touch with me. As we shall see, the factors that caused
them finally to make that association vary from case to case, but the central issue was their belated recognition of clear-cut UFO sightings and
alien and “missing time” encounters later in their lives-literal, anomalous events that seemed connected with their earlier experiences.
The reasons for the crucial importance of these early recollections
are obvious. First, none of the witnesses can be accused of having
invented a UFO report for personal gain or notoriety, because, in addition to their current insistence upon complete anomymity, these original accounts had no UFO component: They were simply unexplainable
experiences. Decades later, all of them remain truly bizarre, and
debunkers-whom I define as true believers in the nonexistence of
UFOs-are hard-pressed to come up with any plausible, mundane theory to explain them away.
Eventually, I investigated each of the following three cases through
extensive witness interviews and hypnotic regression sessions.
(Because these encounters took place decades ago, on-site visits and
the search for additional witnesses were rejected as unlikely to turn up
relevant information, as they had in the recent Linda Cortile case.) The
hypnosis sessions and witness interviews provided coherent explanations for what happened to the abductees during the “missing time”
portions of their recollections-explanations that are fully consistent
with what we now know about the UFO abduction phenomenon.
However, in none of the following accounts will I dwell extensively
upon the hypnotically retrieved memories, because much of that information is not immediately relevant to the issues we are exploring here.
The strangeness of these experiences is fully revealed by what each witness remembered consciously from the time each incident first
occurred.

A Three-Story Fall
“Joan” is a forceful, active woman in her late seventies. She is clear of
mind and perceptive in her judgments. Her daughter, “Molly,” a widow
and an attractive redhead in her middle fifties, has had numerous UFO
experiences, as have other members of her family. I met Molly in 1993
when she wrote to me for the first time as a result of reading my book
Intruders. In her letter she decribed a virtual lifetime of anomalous
events involving herself and other family members: strange figures in
her room, episodes of extended physical paralysis, “missing time,” and
other experiences typical of UFO abductions. Significantly she did not
mention her childhood fall-from-the-window incident until I asked if
she remembered any other odd occurrences from her early childhood.
Perhaps because she and her brother were so young at the time, until
that moment she had never thought about the window experience in
context with the other more obviously UFO-related anomalies.
The incident of interest here occurred in a suburban neighborhood
called Price Hill in Cincinnati, Ohio, in the summer of 1948, only one
year after the first major UFO wave in the United States and thirteen
years before the landmark Betty and Barney Hill abduction. At the time
Molly was four and her brother, “Danny,” was six. Joan had put the two
children down for their afternoon naps, when something-a sound, a
feeling-caused her to check their bedroom. They were not there. The
window was open. With a sense of panic Joan ran downstairs to search
for them. Forty-two years later, as Carol and I sat in Molly’s dining room
sipping coffee, she and her mother spoke to us about the experience:
Joan: Well, I can date it, because I was expecting my fourth child at
the time. That’s Bill. I had taken the other three to the doctor’s for
their general checkup and they turned out real good, thank goodness. We came home and I told Danny and Molly to lay down-I put
the baby in the crib-because they were to take naps. They were on
the second floor of the building. I had to go change the baby . . . she
had to have her didie rinsed out because in those days we weren’t
privileged to have throwaway Pampers. All the people now that
complain, shame on them. They don’t know what work is. Anyhow,
I had to go into the bathroom and put the didie in to soak so that I
could get it ready for the laundry, when I heard something
or . . . had a feeling, I don’t know what, and I went to inspect. There
wasn’t anybody in the bedroom, just the screen was gone out of the
window and there were no kids in the bedroom. I went flying downstairs.
I went outside and there at the foot of the basement steps were
the children. Danny and Molly. It all happened so darn fast. I saw
Molly and I scooped her up and went tearing upstairs. There was a
tailor shop underneath us. The tailor realized something was radically wrong [and] came to see. He scooped up Danny and said,
“Don’t go all the way upstairs! The lady downstairs will take care of
your other kids and I’ll take you to the doctor.” And he did, he piled
us into his car, because I didn’t drive at that time, and took us back
to the doctor’s. The kids weren’t crying. They didn’t seem hurt, but
they weren’t moving. They fell out of the second-story window down
into the basement. They had fallen on cement steps, you would say
three floors down, from the second floor, past the first floor, down
into the basement. Onto cement steps! Not just flat cement, cement
steps! Danny was on the bottom, Molly was on top of him. They
landed on the bottom portion of the cement steps. They fell on
something jagged. If you had been there, you would have said their
angels took care of them. You certainly would have.
Anyhow, the doctor examined them thoroughly from the top of
their heads to the bottom of their toes, even wiggling them. Not a
bump, a scratch, or a bruise. He said, “There’s nothing wrong with
these kids. They might have gotten shook, that’s all.” He said, “How
are you, Danny? Do you hurt anywhere?” [Danny] said no. And so
we were all brought home and went on about our business and I
thank God for my babies.
I asked Danny what happened, and he was delighted to tell me.
“Mama, there was a plane going overhead and I had to see it. Molly
said, ‘Let me see, let me see, let me see,’ ” and she pushed in on top
of him and she pushed so good that they both went flying out. He
wanted to see that plane. Molly remembers that plane, that big airplane. Danny was crazy about planes. So was she ’cause Danny was.
This plane was low enough they could see it. A big silver plane. I
never heard any airplane.
When I found them, they were not screaming, they were not crying. They were down, like they had the wind knocked out of them, I
guess, would be the best way to describe it. And I just scooped Molly
up and then I was shocked, my God, there’s Danny too! And then
the tailor came and he scooped Danny up. And then he said,
“Agnes, will you watch her two little ones?” and Agnes said, “Yeah,
go on and go.” So he took us to the doctor’s and Dr. Mackay checked
them-he had checked them earlier, and so now he checked them
again-from the top of their heads to the bottom of their toes. He
said, “They do not even have bumps or bruises.” I was blessed. I
firmly believe that their guardian angels were with them.
When I picked Molly up, when I had her in my arms, she didn’t
say anything, she wasn’t gasping, she was breathing normally.
When I asked them, “Why did you fall out the window? What happened? Why were you . . .” and Danny said, “I had to see the airplane,” and Molly said, “I had to see the airplane too. Me too.”
BH: Did the doctor feel there was something really unusual about the
fact that they had fallen three floors onto cement and weren’t bruised?
Joan: What he said was, “They either kill themselves or they get up
and dust themselves off and go.” He was old-fashioned, he was
wonderful. His name was Mackay, but whenever there were sirens
that went past his office, he left and he was the first one along with
the fire department to any dire emergency, be it a fire, be it a baby
born, be it somebody that needs a hospital. But he didn’t find a
bump, a scratch, or a bruise on my babies. No matter what anybody
says, I fully believe in angels and I believe their angels took care of
them.
At this point in our interview, Molly brought in more coffee and
joined us to add her recollections to her mother’s:
Molly: I don’t remember falling out the window. I remember we
were looking up, trying to look up at it. It got kind of dark out and
we were looking up at a silver-colored plane or whatever. My brother
remembers bits and pieces of it and now he doesn’t even want to
talk about it. He said he remembers this big silver airplane that was
above the house. He said it was huge but the thing that caught his
eye was the fact that it was practically on the house, and it was huge,
and you just don’t see airplanes down that low. It wasn’t noisy at all.
It was straight up . . . it wasn’t like you look out the window and
there it is over there. It was up. It was over the house and it also put
a shadow over the house. The sun was out and then there was a
shadow over the house and we were trying to look up, my brother
and I.
I don’t remember falling out of the window: I remember going
out the window, but not falling. We were floating. Nobody saw us
fall out the window. Nobody. And it was daytime. The sun was out
except for when it got cloudy when the plane was overhead. It was
just dark where we were. The sun was still out. As a matter of fact,
the sun was so bright, it was, like, blinding. It killed your eyes.
The next thing I remember, we were on the ground and somebody was picking us up . . . and I do remember you were there,
Mom, and I remember the cat. We had a cat that had babies that
day. I remember the cat was totally traumatized. I don’t remember
the cat being under us, although Mom said the cat was under us or
near us or whatever.
Joan: Not under you.
Molly: No, if I fell on the cat she would have been squashed. I was
on top of my brother. Down at the bottom of the cellar steps.
There’s, like, a square at the bottom, you know, with the wall.
BH: Do you remember the pain when you hit?
Molly: No. No pain. I don’t remember hitting. My mother and a
man were there. I remember that. Exactly who picked me up, I don’t
remember. I didn’t say anything because I couldn’t say anything. I
guess I was shocked or whatever. I couldn’t say anything, couldn’t
move, couldn’t do anything.
BH: Did you feel the wind was knocked out of you? And were you
crying?
Molly: No. Neither was Danny. Neither one of us moved or cried or
did anything. I couldn’t talk. I remember trying to talk to my
mother, but I couldn’t talk. I didn’t feel the wind was knocked out of
me. I was breathing normally. I just couldn’t move or talk. I had no
pain, I wasn’t hurt in any way. I remember when somebody picked
me up, my leg hit the side of the wall. It was kind of rough concrete.
I remember it dragging on my leg a little bit. It kind of scratched my
leg. But I think we were in shock, my brother and I. Mom, don’t you
think we were in shock?
Joan: It’s possible. But I still remember Dr. Mackay and what he had to
say. He checked each one of you-you first and then Danny-and he
said, “There is absolutely nothing wrong with these children. These
kids, when they have a traumatic experience like this, they’re either
dead or they pick themselves up, dust themselves off, and go on their
way.” They didn’t cry, either one of them. They didn’t complain. I was
the one who was terribly upset and got to the doctor’s as fast as I could
and was grateful to God when the doctor said what he did.
BH: Do you think there is any possibility that the children could have
slipped out of the house and run downstairs?
Joan: Absolutely none! They would have had to get past me in the
first place and in the second place, to find Danny laying at the bottom and Molly on top of him, no, that’s not possible.
Molly: Not to mention we used to have a high latch on the apartment door that we tried to reach. We couldn’t open it. You would
have to unlock the door in order for us to get out, to go downstairs.
We tried sometimes with the chair. We’d pull it over and try to
unlock it but we couldn’t reach it.
We were three stories high, and then we went down in the cellar,
down the concrete steps to the basement. And the cellar steps
weren’t directly under the window. Say, here’s the building [gestures,
indicating about an eight-foot difference]. Here’s the window. The
cellar steps were over here, not under the window. The window was
over here. But we ended up down at the bottom of the cellar steps.
And I just couldn’t move, I couldn’t, couldn’t move. They took us
to the doctor’s because they thought there was something really
wrong. But I didn’t have any injuries at all. None! Danny didn’t,
either. The neighbors couldn’t figure out why we weren’t even
bruised. The doctor said we should have been dead.
BH: How did your mother ever explain any of this to herself?
Molly: She didn’t. She just accepted the fact that we were alive, and
thanked God.
In the course of our investigation, hypnotic regression sessions
with Molly revealed the chronological details of the window experience:
the childrens’ abduction into a huge UFO-the “big silver airplane”
that cast the building into shadow. Molly recalled floating out of the
bedroom window into a bright beam of light and then levitating, along
with her brother, up into the hovering UFO. She remembered the
appearance of the examining area, the demeanor of the aliens, and
many other details.
However, for our immediate purposes, we will focus upon a few
highly significant abduction patterns present in the two womens’ prehypnotic recollections. First of all, it is highly unlikely for two children to
fall three stories onto jagged cement steps without sustaining even a
bruise. As a general rule of thumb it is assumed that anyone falling
three stories has only a 50-percent chance of living through it, and the
absence of broken bones, internal injuries, or even bruises after such a
drop is unthinkable. Molly initially remembered floating out the window
but had no sense either of falling or of hitting the cement steps. And to
make an accidental fall even more unlikely, the cellar steps were seven
or eight feet away from the area directly under the window. People, even
children, do not fall diagonally, unless they are propelled by some force.
There are many cases in the abduction literature in which individuals are floated out of their second-story bedrooms and later deposited
on the ground or even several miles away. It is a familiar pattern.
Automobiles and their passengers have been lifted up and put down in
the middle of a field or on a different highway, sometimes gently,
sometimes heavily. In one English case a police car was even replaced
on the road wheels up, top down, and severely damaged although the
constable abductee inside was unhurt.
In another case that I suspect was a hidden abduction, unremembered by the abductee and as yet uninvestigated, a small boy apparently
“fell” from a sixth-floor apartment window onto a fenced-in and padlocked cement courtyard, and though he exhibited a few small bruises,
he was absolutely unhurt. After reading about this event in a newspaper, a neurosurgeon friend of mine flatly declared, “He didn’t fall.
Period. He would have died.” In the context of familiar UFO abduction
patterns, however, this well-documented incident-and Molly and
Danny’s painless diagonal descent onto the concrete-make sense.
Another ubiquitous abduction pattern appears in Molly and Joan’s
mutually corroborative testimony indicating that the children were paralyzed when they were found at the foot of the cellar steps. In Molly’s
words, “I just couldn’t say anything, couldn’t move, I couldn’t do anything.” Joan stated that when she found them, “the kids weren’t crying.
They didn’t seem hurt, but they weren’t moving.” This kind of (apparently) alien-instituted paralysis gradually wears off, but it is one more
example of a by now well-documented abduction pattern.
Finally we come to another, even more “impossible” situation raised
by the childrens’ experience. This inescapable aspect of the abduction
phenomenon is almost invariably skirted, denied, or ignored by abduction researchers because it presents such outright challenges to both common sense and the basic laws of physics. Simply stated: How can such an
event take place in a busy commercial neighborhood and not be seen?
Molly and Danny’s abduction took place on a sunny afternoon-
presumably in the summer, because the window was open during naptime-and the buildings on the street were close together. According to
Joan, among the modest homes and small apartment houses of their
neighborhood, the ground floors often contained shops and commercial businesses-a fruit and vegetable store, a tailor shop, and so on.
Obviously, within the city of Cincinnati, where there are stores such as
this in and around small apartment houses, there are customers, traffic, pedestrians, activity. In short, there are hundreds of potential witnesses to a UFO abduction.
Molly said that just above the building was a huge silver craft flying
or hovering so low that it cast their building into a shadow which lasted
long enough for the two children to get to the window to look up.
Obviously, had it actually been a large, low-flying airplane, its housedarkening shadow would have flashed by in a split second.
But Molly’s description contained yet another, rather different
anomaly. “The sun was out,” she said, “except for when it got cloudy
when the plane was overhead. . . . As a matter of fact, the sun was so
bright, it was, like, blinding. It killed your eyes.” In the middle of a normal sunny day, abnormally blinding bright light such as she describes
is yet another frequently reported abduction pattern. This extraordinary
and unnatural light is apparently emitted by the UFO, usually in the
form of a beam.
Joan said that she never heard the “airplane,” which should have
been audible if it had been a normal craft flying as low as the children
reported. Also, she apparently did not see either the shadow over the
building or the blindingly intense light. None of the neighbors, shopkeepers, or passersby seem to have reported seeing or hearing the huge
low-flying “airplane” or seeing a shadow or the intense light, and no
one reported seeing the children fall (or float) out of the window.
One is immediately tempted to say that together these facts prove
that the incident never happened the way Molly, her brother, and her
mother claim. The absence of corroborating testimony from others
who were at the scene-in broad daylight, in a city neighborhood-
must mean that the story is a hoax, a lie, a joint hallucination-anything but a real event. But in the light of more than fifty years of consistent reports of “impossible” UFO maneuvers, coupled with supporting
radar returns and photographic evidence, should we not be asking ourselves if the answer to this enigma is nothing more than another example of an alien technology so advanced that the UFO, its shadow, its
light, and the floating children could not be seen by any witnesses in the
area? Is it possible that for a short time, Molly, Danny, and the hovering
craft were all temporarily invisible?
The Missing Children
In 1990 I was contacted by “Marianne,” a resident of Queens, New
York, and shortly thereafter began to investigate a number of partially
recalled abduction experiences dating back to her childhood. Marianne
is a very slight, delicate, almost doll-like woman now in her early fifties,
a divorcee with one child, a son, who had recently graduated from college. She speaks with a quick, nervous quality, laughs easily, and,
though far from gregarious, has long maintained close friendships with
several men and women. Currently she lives in New York City in an
apartment with her aged mother, who requires extensive at-home care.
One of the experiences we explored through hypnotic regression
concerned an abduction that took place when she was seven or eight
years old. She and her best friend, “Angie,” a little girl who lived down
the street, were abducted simultaneously in what emerged as a very
traumatic childhood experience. It is important to note that Marianne
mentioned the incident at Angie’s house only after I asked, in an extensive early interview, if she had ever been lost as a child. Until that
moment, she said, she had never considered this incident to be a possible unrecalled UFO abduction.
The following is Marianne’s account of what she remembered consciously, before hypnosis, about that incident:
Marianne: I was on my block in Fresh Meadows, a residential area
with private homes. I was at my friend’s, which is on the other side
of the street and about five houses up. We were in the basement-
which is the way we usually ended up playing in the house-and
coloring pictures. Craypas, as a matter of fact, is what we used to
use, and I was coloring my favorite scene at the time that I colored
over and over, sort of an island tropical scene on a beach, palm trees,
very bright oranges and yellows, sunset time in the sky, and I usually tried to throw in a few little birds up in the sky as well.
We were there probably at least three or four times a week, in the
basement. This was during the summer, school was out, so we
spent a lot of time together. If we were not outside playing, then we
would be usually in the same room, in the basement of her house.
It was a partially finished basement made into a combination
playroom-lounge-bar area. There was a couch, a small coffee table
in front of the couch. There were linoleum floors, if I remember
correctly, but there was a rug under the area where we would sit by
the couch. There was a bar area over on the other side of the room, a
TV, and sometimes they had a Ping-Pong table set up down there as
well.
Angie had some toys there. She kept a lot of things up in her
room, but she did have some things that she played with more often
in the basement. Some dolls, building things, games, board
games-that sort of thing would be kept in the basement. And we
were sitting there on this day, a very common thing for us to be
doing, sitting there drawing the pictures. I remember we were
kneeling or sitting on the floor, not on the couch, coloring on the
coffee table, and I was drawing my same picture of the island.
I’d say we were there probably a couple of hours. At some point-
it was around, I think, late afternoon, probably a little before dinnertime-we decided to go outside. So we went up the steps from the
basement, went out the back door, which was off an enclosed porch
area that they built on the house, and walked down the driveway. As
we got down the driveway, we saw Angie’s mother across the street.
My mother was standing on the other side of the street, and several
neighbors from up the block were standing and there was a police
car parked out front. Then we noticed the police were walking back
and forth and talking to some of the people. We came down the driveway, and I believe it was Angie who asked her mother what was going
on. Her mother looked absolutely shocked when we started walking
down the driveway. When she turned around and finally saw us, she
started carrying on almost hysterically, asked us where we had been
the whole time. We told her: In the basement, where we’d been all
afternoon. I don’t recall the exact words or the exact conversation, but
she swore that we were not in the house, that she had checked the
house-the basement and the whole rest of the house-and then
had called the police. She thought we had left for some reason without telling her and taken off somewhere.
They had checked the little park that was about a block and a half
around the corner from where we lived, a little neighborhood park.
There had been some talk of a man that had been hanging around
the park recently at that time who seemed to be a little suspicious,
and a few of the neighbors had reported him. And I think they were
a little afraid that possibly we had run into foul play if we had gone
over to the park. The thing that struck me as strange, too, is neither
one of us were the types of kids who would take off anywhere without at least telling our parents or even asking permission to go. So it
seemed odd to us that Angie’s mother would have even thought we
left the house. But everyone swore up and down that she checked
the entire house.
I would imagine that the police checked the house as well when
they were called in, and she swore we were not in the house. We
were never able to figure it out. It always struck us as odd because
we had been in the basement the whole afternoon until we decided
to come out. It was getting near dinnertime and we walked down
the driveway to find this scene out there.
The police looked surprised also. I remember the one police officer asked us, “Did you go anywhere?” and we said, “No, we’ve been
in the basement the whole time.” At which point I recall the officer-there were two of them at the time-kind of exchanging looks
between them and looking at Angie’s mother, and I think they were
wondering a little about her mother, quite frankly, and why she
couldn’t find us in the house. I think, after they had questioned us,
our reactions of being totally puzzled let them know that we were
not lying about where we had been. They figured we had been in the
house. None of us could figure it out. My mother sort of chalked it
off as Angie’s mother being overly alarmed or just not really checking the house and saying she did.
But the incident has been brought up a number of times over the
years as one of the things when neighbors get together, or people in
the family get together, and talk about odd incidents. Every so often
this will come up: “You remember the time you kids were in the
house and Angie’s mother called the police swearing you were
gone?”
BH: Do you think that anybody else searched the house besides Angie’s
mother?
Marianne: Well, to my recollection, her father was working, so he
wasn’t home during all of this. I believe Angie’s mother was the
only one in the house. Angie had a brother but he was not home
that day. In fact, I believe that Joey went to camp during the summer. I would assume the police did check through the house. I can’t
imagine a mother calling and saying her child and friend are missing and the police not checking the house to see where they were
before they took off someplace else.
We never moved, we never went anywhere. We had been known
to be able to sit for hours doing the same thing. Then we got up, we
walked out the back door, we walked down the driveway to this
scene of people trying to figure out where we were. I was only a
seven- or eight-year-old child. I would not have wanted to say anything bad about my friend’s mother, but I was thinking it. I believe
my mother was thinking it as well, and probably the other neigh-
bors. We just thought her mother was a bit of a flake for having
done this.
Later, I brought it up once or twice with friends. If you were sitting around, just talking about odd incidents in your life, this would
be one of a few incidents I had in my life that I would bring up and
say, “Yeah, I had this strange thing happen to me,” that kind of
thing, yeah. I always wondered how someone could check a house
for two kids and not see them there in the basement the whole time
they were there. I just found it odd.
BH: When did you first connect this with a possible UFO incident?
Marianne: Actually, not until many, many years later. Until you asked
if I had ever been lost, I had never made any connections with it.
BH: Tell me a little about the neighborhood. On a summer afternoon,
were there other people, children, out on the street?
Marianne: At the time, there were quite a few kids on the block.
Most of us were approximately the same age, give or take a year or
so. Several of us played together on a regular basis-in the summer,
pretty much every day. At least two or three of us would be together.
The kids were home from school. It was a quiet area, but there certainly would have been people going in and out, cars going down
the block. It was sunny, warm, very bright outside. A typical summer day.
BH: Do you think a UFO could have flown over the house and not been
seen?
Marianne: I would highly doubt that [laughs]. I would highly doubt
that. Somebody would have had to see something, yes.
As with Molly and her brother’s falling, unhurt, some thirty feet
onto concrete steps, Marianne and Angie’s claim that they never left
the basement playroom-despite Angie’s mother’s frantic search-
also strains credulity. The place the mother would have searched first-
the girls’ habitual downstairs playspace, was empty. One can easily picture her calling for the children, her worry deepening as she searched
the house from top to bottom. And one can easily imagine the panic
that led her, finally, to phone the police for help.
Common sense tells us that no one searching a restricted area for
suddenly missing children-or dogs, cats, friends, relatives, whomever-does so without calling out their names with increasing agitation. But Angie and Marianne claimed that they neither left their play
area nor heard anyone-mother, neighbors, or police-calling for them.
Under hypnosis, Marianne, to her later surprise, recalled a complex
abduction in which the two children were separately floated out of the
house and up into a hovering UFO, a bizarre but otherwise logical
explanation for their disappearance and their inability to hear anyone
calling for them. The content of her hypnotic recall of their joint abduction conforms to the familiar patterns of UFO abduction experiences
worldwide but need not concern us here, though Marianne’s recollections of the way the encounter began and ended are worth quoting:
I recall a feeling that kind of came over the room, and at some point
Angie not being there. I assumed she left to go upstairs to go to the
bathroom or something like that. But I started to get nervous. . . .
There was a different feeling in the air and I recall something coming from the area that was not finished . . . where the boiler and the
washers would have been, where I hardly ever had reason to go, but
there seemed to be something that changed in the room, some kind
of a difference in the lighting.
Marianne was then floated up the basement stairs and in a few
moments found herself inside the craft. Her account of her later return
to the basement playroom is particularly interesting:
I recall what happened when I came back to the house, which is
where it got really odd, because at some point I was actually caught
somewhere in the actual structure of the house, the wood from
where you would go from the kitchen, the top of the basement
stairs, down the stairs to the basement-I was caught somewhere in
that structure of wood, coming through the wall as if I would be
coming back down. From that point there was some sort of a jump
to being back down in the basement, where we had last remembered sitting, coloring, and then it became quite normal again.
Angie was there. And the only thing that I remember thinking at
that time was that we were now going to go upstairs and leave the
house.
And then we were walking down the driveway, to be met by this
scene of Angie’s mother upset and hysterical and my mother across
the street, other neighbors on the block, and the police.
There are two alternative non-UFO explanations for Marianne and
Angie’s alleged disappearance that must be considered: first, that they
never vanished, but instead were hiding from Angie’s mother for some
reason and only came out of hiding when the police arrived and the situation became more serious. The problem with this theory is that
when Marianne first told me about their disappearance, she was a
grown woman with a college-age son. It is hardly likely that she would
still be afraid to tell the truth about a childhood prank involving her
friend’s mother. And why, if she were afraid of revealing their prank,
would she have mentioned the incident to me in the first place?
Next, there is the possibility that she invented this story out of whole
cloth as part of a subtle collection of lies designed to convince me that
she was a UFO abductee. Over the years I have investigated ten abduction incidents Marianne experienced at different periods in her life,
several of which involved other people whom I was able to interview
separately. Through all of these investigations I never found a reason to
doubt her essential truthfulness, nor could I imagine a plausible
motive for a hoax in which she would have had to enlist and train several confederates. Marianne has never sought media attention and has
never seemed to be anything but genuinely frightened by her UFO
experiences.
But if the two little girls did vanish and were floated up into a hovering UFO, there is, once again, another, more central issue we must
consider: the time and location of their abduction. As in the case of
Molly and Danny, this incident took place in the middle of a summer
afternoon, not in an isolated area but on a street where children played,
automobiles passed by, and undoubtedly an occasional pedestrian
walked along the sidewalk. When I asked Marianne if a UFO could
have flown over the house without being seen, she had said, “I would
highly doubt that. [She laughs.] I would highly doubt that. Somebody
would have had to see something.”
And so we come back to the problem we faced with Molly and Danny.
At such a time of day, in such a location, the UFO should have been seen
and heard by scores of people-and not only the hovering UFO but also,
as in the case of Molly and Danny, the levitating children. But again,
because of these circumstances, we must ask ourselves if the craft and the
ascending children were actually “seeable.” Or, by some as yet unknown
technology, were they temporarily invisible? Is temporary invisibility or an
extraordinary kind of “cloaking” capability the means by which such
abductions take place unobserved, even in the midst of a large city?
Dennis, B.J., and the Air Force Fire Truck
In 1974, at the age of twenty-one, “Dennis” was a recent enlistee in the
United States Air Force. He was stationed at a North American airbase
where, though the war in Vietnam had recently ended, young fighter
pilots were still being trained for combat.
Dennis had been assigned to a fire and rescue unit, part of the
extensive support and service system that exists at any airbase. But
unlike the crash equipment standing by at most major commercial airports, his unit was actually called out from time to time when student
pilots inevitably made errors landing or taking off.
At the time of this disturbing 1974 incident, Dennis’s young wife
had just left left him, a situation that made his military friendships,
such as that with B.J., even more important to him.
Dennis: On this particular night I was assigned to a first-response
team with my sergeant, B.J. We were good friends. B.J. had been in
’Nam and was about six or eight years older than me. We got along
real well. We drove up to the flight line in our truck and parked in
position. We set out our gear, our boots and stuff, and arranged
them on the ground outside the doors of the truck so that we could
get into them in a hurry if we had to. It was routine.
I was sitting on the right side of the front seat and B.J. was on the
driver’s side. We sat there awhile, watching the takeoffs and landings, when I suddenly kind of woke up, leaning against B.J. B.J.
says, “What happened?” I say, “I don’t know.” I felt really sick. I
vomited out the door, and some of it got on my boots.
We realized we were late. We were supposed to be back to check
in a couple of hours earlier because the landing and takeoff practice
was over. We didn’t know what had happened, but knew we had to
haul ass.
Our gear was scattered around. We picked up our boots and stuff
and threw them in the truck. I remember that one of my shoes was
off. My shirt was buttoned wrong and I was still feeling sick.
Everything was kind of a mess. I don’t think my pants were zipped
or my belt buckled. There was a little blood from my nose.
B.J. was driving, fast. I remember I lit two cigarettes on the way
in. . . . I was smoking one and had another one in my hand. I was
shaking. I threw one of the cigarettes out the window.
When we got back and parked the truck, we went inside and
that’s when I noticed I was wearing B.J.’s shirt and he was wearing
mine. I looked down and saw his name tag on my shirt. I swear I
have no idea how that happened. He had my name tag on his shirt.
We didn’t even talk about it, we just switched shirts and went to bed.
It was just too weird.
The next morning, I remember, I woke up and just sat on my bed
and fucking cried. I didn’t even go to roll call. They asked me to go
to roll call and I said, I can’t. I sat there and cried until about nine
o’clock, well after our flight. . . . Our shift . . . had left. I don’t know
if they wrote that up or not, but I remember talking to . . . [the civilian] head of that shop . . . after that. He wanted to know if it was
because of my wife leaving or what, and I said I wasn’t sure.
That’s when I started going to a psychologist. We took some kidding after that, from some of the guys . . . just because when we
came in we were messed up and they saw we were wearing each
other’s shirts. Like B.J. and I had a thing going, but that was ridiculous. He started being a little cool towards me, I guess as a result of
the kidding. The whole thing was just too weird and neither of us
wanted to talk about it.
BH: When did you first think this incident might have to do with UFO
abductions?
Dennis: Only during the last couple of years. It was partly because
of some flashbacks I’ve had about that night. And because of some
missing time experiences I’ve had since then, connected with UFO
sightings.
Hypnotic regressions subsequently revealed what apparently happened that night to Dennis and B.J. As they sat in their truck out by the
flight line, Dennis saw “a lot of light around us . . . coming straight
down.” When he stepped down from the truck to look up, he saw
“something descending.” He felt someone grasp his left hand, and
then he was going up. The figure holding his hand was “a funnylooking person,” like a “Pillsbury Doughboy melted . . . skinny . . .
stretched out . . . distorted.” He described being taken through a
“clamshell-like” opening and then placed on a table. A series of very
painful quasimedical procedures followed before he was returned to
his truck, ill and disoriented.
Again, what is most important for our purposes is not the long, harrowing hypnotic account of his UFO experience but Dennis’s consciously recalled memories from that night twenty-six years ago. Since
Dennis mentioned the teasing that followed his and B.J.’s arrival back
at their barracks wearing each other’s shirt, we must consider the possibility that the “abduction” was actually nothing more than a sexual
tryst. But a massive problem with that idea should be immediately
obvious: Why, if it was only a sexual tryst, would Dennis ever have
mentioned it to me in the first place?
Another debunking explanation would suggest the possibility that
the two men were not sexually involved but instead were using drugs
while they sat in their truck. But again, if that were so, the same problem arises: Why would Dennis have told me about the incident in the
first place? And why would the men have taken off their shirts and
exchanged them while doing drugs?
Dennis’s account was, to me, heartfelt in its telling and moving to
hear. His is the kind of strong, self-sufficient, macho personality that is
hesitant to confess to intense emotional turmoil and grief. And yet, he
told me that the morning after his experience, “I woke up and just sat
on my bed and fucking cried. I didn’t even go to roll call.” In my dealings with Dennis I have seen no reason why he would have invented
this story and admitted to such a reaction.
Once we accept his honesty, as I have, and recognize the similarities
between his encounter and established abduction patterns, we must
examine the setting of this incident, which is both unusual and
extremely important. Dennis and, apparently, B.J. were abducted from
an official military vehicle parked on the tarmac at a U.S. Air Force
base! Obviously the personnel in the control tower that night would
have been carefully monitoring all training flights, through radio and
radar, while maintaining full visual contact. Anything unusual on or
near the flight line would have been clearly visible from the tower. Any
craft-Air Force trainer or UFO-approaching or leaving the airbase
would have been tracked on radar. Any massive display of light shining
down from a UFO onto a parked emergency vehicle would have immediately attracted attention. That is, of course, if the UFO, the light, and
Dennis and B.J. were not somehow temporarily “unseeable.”
If the three foregoing cases, from 1948, 1957, and 1974, are to be
regarded as credible-and, given their similarities to the consistent patterns in thousands upon thousands of later UFO patterns, they are credible-then the idea of a “technology of invisibility” seems inevitable.

===============================================================
3. UNCOVERING CLUES TO THE SCIENCE OF INVISIBILITY

By the spring of 1996, I’d been living for over six months in that
initial state of “imaginative, muddled suspense” with regard to the
UFO phenomenon. I felt I’d made a great deal of progress using traditional research methods: reading the field’s body of literature, learning
the subject’s history (how the culture, the government, the media, and
the scientific establishment dealt with UFOs over the past fifty years),
as well as learning the various theories put forth to explain the phenomenon. I’d looked at both the skeptical and the pro-UFO sides of the
question. In other words, I’d done my homework, as many people
before me have. But at this point on my own path of discovery, it was
convincing, mainstream scientific explanations of UFO reports that I
wanted: a conservative, logical hypothesis that allowed for an object that was
30 to 150 feet in diameter to be completely invisible.
As I soon discovered, there are some major challenges for anyone
looking for science to confirm the material existence of UFOs. Blackand-white analysis-as in “provable vs. unprovable”-is virtually
impossible. Almost all UFO events reveal themselves in shades of gray.
Some of the earliest reports of UFO visibility vs. invisibility on radar,
for example, indicate conflicting conclusions. Sometimes radar
responded to the mysterious flying object; sometimes the scopes
showed nothing, even though there were multiple human witnesses to
the same event. What could be believed here-the long, electromagnetic fingers of radar searching for shapes that should be there, but did
not appear? Or was the human eye the more reliable instrument of
detection?
Usually, when a person is in a situation that offers two or more
choices of senses to trust, the selection is fairly clear. When I’m swimming off the Cape Cod shore and see a dark, angular fin slicing
through the water nearby, the jolt of adrenaline tells me to head toward
dry land, even though I can’t actually observe the physical body of the
shark. Whether from eyewitness testimony or articles or movies, over
time I’ve come to infer that a fin gliding through the ocean waters is
fairly good evidence of a shark’s physical presence.
Radar, Yes-Eyeballs, No:
The Ghosts of Nansei-shoto
From the earliest UFO literature to the present, the “seeability”
of the craft varies from case to case. In some reports, people see
hard-edged, physical objects; in others, the moving aerial object is
without structure-just a circular light. But what happens when we
turn to technology to assist our senses? What about evidence of
radar visability?
The answer is similarly ambiguous: Sometimes radarscopes capture the UFO seen by human observers, and sometimes they do not.
During World War Two, a series of inexplicable radar sightings of
large formations of UFOs stunned even the most skeptical military
personnel. Retired Marine Corps major Donald Keyhoe, an aviation
writer with an interest in UFOs, pushed the Air Force to reveal what
it knew by publishing enigmatic cases like the following:
During the last year of the war, U.S. Navy officer James Dawson
(a pseudonym) was a combat information officer patrolling Nanseishoto, a group of Japanese islands. His aircraft carrier’s mission was
to prevent the Japanese from attacking the U.S. landing forces at
Okinawa.1
It was a clear, bright day when Dawson and other officers aboard
the carrier met the “ghosts of Nansei-shoto.” They were below deck,
monitoring the huge radarscope. Every thirty seconds, the radar
plotters and operator reported changes within a hundred-mile
radius. Suddenly a very large blip appeared on the screen. A plotter
scrawled: “200–300 aircraft, unidentified.” The huge blob moved
directly toward the aircraft carrier, fanning out, extending two arms
as if to cover the entire Navy task force.
All available American aircraft were immediately sent aloft at an
altitude that would allow them to look down and spot the incoming enemy craft. Visibility was fifty miles in any direction. But, looking directly down, the trained pilots could not see the massive
incursion that the radar so clearly showed. Nothing was there.
Stunned, Dawson and his men stared at the scope. The unknown
force was just five miles away now and closing fast. Attack was
imminent. They raced up to the flight deck and stared upward:
nothing but bright blue sky overhead. No sound, no fleet of enemy
craft.
After the war, the Navy officially confirmed the “ghosts of
Nansei-shoto.” But if there was a solid, definite explanation, none
was ever made known to the public.
In such pragmatic life moments, we all use evidence and inference
to decide what’s known (or what’s likely) and what to do about it. But in
UFO research, “knowing” anything definitively, much less what action
to take, presents an enormous problem for science as it is now practiced. In an ideal lab experiment, which is the basis for most scientific
advancement, the researcher is the direct observer who has a theory
she can test, measure, and retest until the theory either hits a dead end
or repeatedly proves itself to be a valid explanation of some process of
nature. Generally, other scientists in different labs then take up the
challenge of that theory-conducting the same tests with the goal of
either confirming or denying the initial results.
But the UFO investigator has a real problem in applying accepted
scientific principles. She can’t just order up a UFO or its occupants for
testing and put them through their paces. Instead, she depends primarily on witness testimony and indirect observations. Essential databases are certainly being developed by groups such as the Fund for
UFO Research-records relating the time, place, electromagnetic
effects, ground traces, etc., of UFO sightings. But even these data are
primarily dependent on eyewitnesses. Nevertheless, as science historian Steven J. Dick points out in Life on Other Worlds, other major disciplines share the very same problems of evidence and inference:
This is true whether we are dealing with the nearest planets of the
solar system, the search for more distant planetary systems, or theories and experiments about the origin and evolution of life relevant
to both. . . . At stake [is] not so much the difficulty of observations
as the inability to make them, at least directly, resulting in heavy
reliance on inferences drawn from experiments. . . . Beyond the
solar system, with the exception of artificial radio signals that were
the holy grail of SETI programs, all observations became indirect.
. . . In the end, all arguments about the origin of life on Earth and
its abundance in the universe remained presumptions. . . . [This]
leads us to the conclusion that science has limits in its ability to
resolve certain questions.3

An Early Case of Radar “Invisibility”
In this classic 1966 book, UFOs and Anti-Gravity: Piece for a JigSaw, engineer Leonard G. Cramp reports a fascinating case in which
radar on the ground did not register what was happening overhead
to a commerical DC-6 American Airlines flight and its thirty-five
passengers and crew.2
On February 24, 1959, an evening flight from Newark Airport to
Detroit was over Pennsylvania when Captain Peter Killian, a pilot
with twenty years’ experience and four million air miles to his
credit, spotted three unusual lights in a line formation. The orbs
changed colors at times and their speed varied, shooting ahead,
then allowing the slower airliner to catch up to them. Since the DC6 was flying a constant 300-degree course, the mystery object’s
movements were easily observed. Killian and other crew members
testified that they could see both the Orion constellation and the
moving lights. They also reported the night as cloudless, with a visibility of 100 miles.
Before long, the passengers also began to notice that they had
company up here above the clouds. The obliging stewardesses
turned out the cabin lights, and for the next forty minutes, astonished passengers watched what one man called an “out of this
world,” fantastic spectacle of glowing orbs dancing alongside their
airliner.
Captain Killian, doubting his senses, radioed two other commerical planes in the area. Both planes’ captains radioed back that they
were also watching the objects. Later, people on the ground confirmed visual sightings. But, as Killian later testified: “While the
objects were in sight, I kept watch on the radar screen, but saw nothing on it.” [italics in original]
Three days later, the U.S. Air Force released an official comment
to the public: Because the objects had not been tracked on radar,
the conclusion was that three separate sets of civilian passengers
and three experienced airline crews had mistaken the stars of Orion
for UFOs.
In this case, neither ground nor flight radar was able to register
aerial objects that were distinctly registering on many human retinas.
Here Dick is referring to such disciplines as cosmology and astronomy, among others. After all, no one has ever actually seen a distant
planet outside our system, nor has anyone ever seen a black hole or
dark matter. What astronomers see and can measure is only the
repeated gravitational evidence of black holes’ and dark matter’s effects
on their neighbors. But, at its best, UFO research works with the same
set of problems that plague these other, more respected endeavors.
Until we can design alternative accepted modes of applied science-
and science that is funded-researchers in each of these fields are stuck
with working at the very limits of early twenty-first-century science.
What this means is that often the required scientific techniques and
the handling of data are barely sufficient, which leads to shaky evidence. And inferences based on ambiguous or uncertain evidence, of
course, are much less likely to be accepted by the rest of the scientific
community. Lack of acceptance by the mainstream then disallows publication of research articles in peer-reviewed journals, which are essential both for the advancement of science and the scientist.
How, then, can we claim that the features of what we call “the UFO
phenomeon” actually exist? The easy way out for anyone not willing to do
the homework-and I mean all of the homework, not just the ivory-tower
theorizing-is simply to say: “But they’re not possible. That’s what I’ve
been trying to tell you. These events never happened. Impossible is
impossible!” But although we’re far from any clear understanding of alien
technology, there doesn’t seem to be anything magical going on in these
cases-certainly nothing impossible, as our own technological development shows us. At face value, the reports of UFO phenomena are astonishing, but they don’t seem to violate any of the known laws of physics.
However, it would be misleading to indicate that any kind of research
has yet been able to definitively explain UFOs-their method of propulsion, their airborne abilities, or their apparent talent for invisibility.
What science does offer at this point in time are human technologies
capable of actions analogous to many of the seemingly “magical” feats
of the UFO.
Anyone interested in UFOs or alien abductions may not want to
bother with the heady theories of physics-and we certainly won’t do
more than touch the surface of such ideas. But in some of today’s conceptual changes in physics, we can find intriguing new ways to think
about ETs, or extraterrestrials. There always exists the possibility that
UFOs and their occupants are not simply extraterrestrials traveling
across the known universe from one planetary body to another to play
with, or pillage, or study this fine emerald-and-blue marble we call
Earth. We also need to include the possibility that the beings we call
“aliens” or “visitors” might well be coming from other dimensions,
other universes not yet seen, but whose probable existence is coming
closer and closer to being accepted as reality-not only by mystics, but
by our top physicists and cosmologists.
Even some of the most cautious and conservative of physicists are
willing to entertain some version of this idea. In his book Solid Clues,
physicist Gerald Feinberg offers a clue on how these beings might actually “get here from there”:
At present this is no more than a science-fiction plot. However, if
there are more dimensions than those we know, or fourdimensional space-times in addition to the one we inhabit, then I
think it very likely that there are physical phenomena that provide connections between them [emphasis added].4
Given the enormous widening of our scientific horizons over the
last quarter century, we might expect that the prime characteristics of a
scientist would be humility and an endless exuberance of wonder. And
for some, those are precisely the attitudes that allow them to acknowledge that so much is still not known, a concept that the most adventurous scientists find extremely invigorating. In 1998, for example, three
postdoctoral colleagues at Stanford, led by Dr. Nima Arkani-Hamed,
made the startling suggestion that what most of us think of as “the universe” (our known universe) may actually be part of something much
grander: a three-dimensional island floating inside a fourth dimension
just a millimeter wide. Think of this universe, if you will, as a sheet of
paper, a two-dimensional “flatland” that is light-years in length and
breadth-and it is floating inside a small sliver of space.7
What We Didn’t Know a Few Short Years Ago
Early-twenty-first-century science has opened doors into realms
of nature that may seem fanciful or just plain unbelievable to us. It
has all evolved so fast. After all, in the short six years between 1995
and 2001, astronomers have discovered more than fifty single giant
planets orbiting around distant stars, some of them with the potential to sustain life. If planets are not confined to Sun-like stars,
astronomers are encouraged to think that other planetary systems
may be more abundant than previously suspected. Probing deep
into the far reaches of the cosmos where they’d previously seen only
a handful of galaxies, astronomers have also recently unveiled 101
massive new clusters of galaxies.5 And although it may sound like a
throwback to the days of Christopher Columbus, scientists today
have calculated that the universe is flat. By that they mean that the
universe now seems that it won’t continue to expand forever, as
once thought. Instead, scientists now believe that the density of
mass is just right and that gravity will cause the universal expansion to gradually slow to a stop after some finite amount of time.
Twenty years ago, a poll of astronomers and physicists would have
shown almost no support for the possibility of our living in a flat
universe.
If that weren’t strange enough, dark matter, the mysterious substance that may make up 90 percent of all matter in the universe,
has astrophysicists’ heads spinning. Is it truly possible that modern
Western science knows nothing about 90 percent of the universe?
Then there’s the oddness of quantum physics, where it’s beginning to be seriously thought that this single reality we swear by may
well be only one of countless dimensions-a bubble within a bubble
touching another bubble within a bubble, and so on into infinity.
And that’s just one theory of the way the multiple dimensions would
play out.6 We’ll look at several variations on that theme later on in
this chapter.
The lesson of all this is that no one-skeptics, ufologists, theorists
of all stripes-should ever assume that they have considered every possibility for how the world works. Speaking of his team’s new theory, Dr.
Nima Arkani-Hamed mused: “What it says to me is that you should
never underestimate the feebleness of the human imagination. We’re
really struggling in the dark.”
The Shadowy Realm Takes Shape
We know that human beings see and hear objects and events that occur
within only a small fraction of the electromagnetic spectrum. Many
physicists now propose that we similarly perceive only a tiny fraction of
a greater reality spectrum. In other words, reality itself is much larger
than it seems to our limited perception. We may only be seeing the tip
of the iceberg-a shadowy, larger reality that is now being theorized
and tested under the terms supersymmetry or multiverse. In February
2001, the Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton, New York,
announced results of a long-awaited experiment that measured the
magnetic properties of subatomic particles. Their observations seem to
be the best evidence yet that the Standard Model of physics-the current gold standard by which scientists define “reality”-is just a
province within a larger realm called “supersymmetry.”8
For David Deutsch, a physicist of unusual originality, quantum
theory implies that there are many universes parallel to the one we
see around us-that we actually
l
, one
another,
is
able and
10
We do not need deep theories
to tell us that parallel universes exist-single-particle
interference phenomena tell
us that. What we need deep
theories for is to explain and
predict such phenomena: to
tell us what the other universes are like, what aws they
obey how they affect
and how this fits in
with the theoretical foundations of other subjects. . . .
The quantum theory of parallel universes is not the problem, it is the solution . . . It
the explanation-the only one
that is tenable-of a remarkcounter-intuitive
reality.
-David Deutsch,
The Fabric of Reality
exist in a “multiverse.” Deutsch’s
revolutionary experiments showed
how a particle’s behavior in one
universe effects its counterpart (or
“shadow”) in another. He theorizes
that a huge number of parallel
universes exist all around us, each
similar to the one we see, and each
obeying the same laws of physics.
They differ from one another only
in that the particles-each a shadow
of the other-are in slightly different positions in each universe.9
Building further on quantum
theory, Deutsch absolutely rules out
the possibility that the tangible universe around us is all that exists.
Although he is conducting research
in an area fully recognized by most
other scientists, David Deutsch
struggles with the same problems
UFO researchers have encountered
for decades. Mainstream scientists
simply don’t want to consider ideas
that will inevitably and radically alter their conception of reality. “After
all,” Deutsch says about multiverses, “It is such a large conclusion,
and such a disturbing one on first hearing.”11
For many people, the concept that we live in the midst of infinite
universes might well be far more disturbing than the idea of extraterrestrials visiting our own little planet.
What Our Human Senses Can and Cannot Know
The first instruments that human beings ever used to measure and
determine reality were the primary senses: sight, sound, touch, taste,
and smell. For millions of years, people simply assumed that when they
looked out at the world, the human eye gave them a fairly accurate view
of their surroundings. But neurophysiologists have long been aware of
the fact that the eye/brain is anything but a faithful camera. There are
several reasons that we may not be seeing what is out there to be seen-
that we humans actually are practically blind to much of our surroundings. Of course, if this is true, that means that events go on all around
us-big and small events, startling and mundane ones-and that many
of them are literally invisible to our ordinary perceptions.
How Our Brains Edit What Our Eyes See
In his early vision studies, Yale’s Dr. Karl Pribram discovered that when
a monkey receives a visual impression through its optic nerves (just as
we do), the information doesn’t go directly to the visual cortex in the
brain. Instead, the information is first filtered through other areas of
the brain, where it is edited and modified by the monkey’s temporal
lobes before actually reaching its final destination.12
Since then, numerous studies of the human brain confirm that our
own processing and editing of the “raw image” occurs in a similar way.
In other words, what we see is not necessarily what we get. Some studies suggest that 50 percent of what we “see” is not based on the information entering our eyes, but pieced together out of our expectations of
what the world should look like. We’re so used to responding to what we
think is there that we don’t always see what really is there. Although,
moment by moment, we take in fresh evidence of our surroundings
from our visual organs, it’s really the brain that sees. I suspect that
wives from time immemorial might take comfort in this fact. It suit-
ably explains the extreme time delay in a husband’s awareness of a
change in his wife’s hairstyle, hem length, or physique. Our brain’s
need to reinforce what it’s used to seeing might also very well explain
how someone might be able to look at a UFO that has landed in a field,
for example, and see a round greenhouse. It has happened. (See Terry’s
case in Part II.)
Our Narrow Slice of the Electromagnetic Spectrum
There is an even more basic reason that we human beings are extremely
limited in our ability to know what is really going on around us: unaided by technology, we subsist on such a tiny slice of the electromagnetic
(EM) spectrum! If our position on the EM spectrum seems of passing
insignificance to you, let’s take a brief detour into that zippy, wavy, redhot field of science.
We’ll begin with the low-energy, long-wavelength end of the range:
radio waves. To the great pleasure of one of our human senses-
sound-radio waves emit their energy into the air, are captured by our
stereo systems, and are turned into our favorite Mozart movement or
Muddy Waters riff. Visible light waves-which let us see a yellow toy
tractor, blue sneakers, or a red hound with black ear fringes-would
seem, then, to be completely different physical objects from radio
waves-and equally different from X rays, microwaves, or gamma rays.
Actually, it’s true that these waves of radiation are all produced in different ways and that we detect and utilize them in different ways. But
they are all fundamentally the same thing: all part of the electromagnetic spectrum-a name scientists apply to many different types of
radiation when they talk about them as a group.
Electromagnetic radiation is simply energy that travels, spreading
out as it moves along in a stream of photons. Microwaves that cook your
popcorn, radio waves that light up your television screen, and visible
light from a flashlight-each occupies a different range along the EM
spectrum. The major difference between them lies in the amount of
energy found in their photons, massless particles that move at the
speed of light and travel in wavelike patterns.13 Extremely hot, highenergy objects and events create higher-energy radiation than cooler
objects. The photons in radio waves, for example, have low energies,
while microwaves radiate at a slightly higher level. The next level up,
infrared, gives off still greater energy, followed in intensity by the visible spectrum, the one we’re most familiar with. Continuing upward in
ranges far above human sight and hearing, ultraviolet, X rays, and
gamma rays radiate the highest energies of all.
Those Alien Eyes
Try asking an abductee what the commonly reported gray alien’s
most prominent feature is. What’s the first characteristic that
comes to mind? Nine times out of ten, it’s safe to guess, the person
won’t even hesitate: “The eyes,” he’ll say. “Those huge black eyes.”
In pop culture’s extensive imagery of aliens, it’s also the eyes
that dominate-enormous, slanting, all-black eyes extending
halfway around the head, like a street vendor’s two-dollar wraparound shades. But rather than assuming that consumer culture
itself was the creator of that alien with the iconic eyes, let’s see if
there’s a possible scientific reason for a being to develop one of its
senses in such a bizarre way.
All of the stars, including the Sun, shine at frequencies all across
the electromagnetic spectrum. Fortunately for us on Earth, the Sun
hits its peak brightness in the visible part of the spectrum. According
to radio astronomer Michael Klein, a star’s brightness will shift
somewhat toward either the infrared or the ultraviolet end of the
scale, depending on its size and age.14 In the same way that senses
evolving on any world would take their cue from the environment,
human eyes have developed to match the intensity, or wavelength,
of the Sun. But for life that has emerged on planets orbiting those
older or larger stars, they would need to evolve a different form of
“eyesight”-one capable of handling a wavelength that reaches a
higher or much lower peak than ours. If the standard, big-black-eyed
gray alien is designed for a solar system with far lower peaks of
brightness than ours, it’s possible that what the human abductee
perceives as “alien eyes” really are two-bit, wraparound eye shields-
a replaceable component part.
15
,
,
hear, ,
including stars and gases in space.
,
, which
I
, ,
,
,
The Electromagnetic
Spectrum
Radio waves: TV and radio stations
emit this kind of energy which is then
captured by consumer receivers. Radio
waves which we can’t normally see or
are also emitted by other things
Microwaves: At home, they can cook a
potato in minutes. In space, however
astronomers use microwaves
are invisible to the human eye, to probe
the makeup of nearby galaxies.
Infrared: Light radiating in the infrared
(IR) range can warm up our skin, although
it is invisible to our eyes. In space, R light
reveals the dust particles between stars.
Visible radiation: The extremely narrow
portion of the EM spectrum that our eyes
can see, visible radiation is given off by
such objects as light bulbs, stars fireflies
and fast-moving particles colliding with
other particles.
Ultraviolet: Also called UV rays, ultraviolet radiation originates from the Sun,
is invisible to us and can burn our unprotected skin. Stars and other hot objects in
space are also sources of UV radiation.
X rays: Used by doctors and dentists to
look at our bones and teeth, X rays are
emitted far out in the universe by hot
gases. People cannot see or hear X rays
without a technological interface that
“translates.”
Gamma rays: Primarily generated by
the universe itself in a number of ways
powerful gamma radiation can also be
produced by manmade sources such as
nuclear power plants and big particle
accelerators. Gamma rays are invisible
to the naked eye. Short Wave
High Frequency
High Energy
Gamma-rays
X-rays
Ultraviolet
Light
Visible
Infrared Light
Microwaves
Radar
Shortwave Radio
TV and FM Radio
AM Radio
Looking at the graph, you’ll see that the electromagnetic spectrum
is also often described in terms of wavelengths and frequencies as well
as energies. Long wavelength and low frequency are correlated with
the lowest energy types of radiation.
It’s humbling to realize that the largest portion of the electromagnetic spectrum falls on either side of the human range. Our
comfort zone lies in a narrow middle range. Most of the events and
objects in the world are therefore literally invisible and inaudible to
us. To compensate, we’ve built countless instruments over the past
century that can detect those invisible waves. Our stereo receivers,
for example, detect radio waves and translate them into sounds we
can hear. The television set, another comparatively recent and ubiquitous device, takes the same radio waves and translates them into
both picture and sound. But without technological aides, we can
neither see nor hear the high end (gamma rays) or the low end
(radio waves). Nor are we aware of much of the light energy that’s
in between, either, such as microwaves, infrared, ultraviolet, or
X rays.
One of the simplest ways, then, that a technologically adept
intruder into our airspace might make an airborne object “invisible” to
humans would be to work with the fact that we are oblivious to objects
emitting radiation in either the low frequency, low energy or high frequency, high energy range.
Let’s hypothesize that an unknown craft were to enter Earth’s
atmosphere; let’s further assume that we will (later in these pages)
scientifically establish enough about the UFO’s propulsion system
that we know it emits radiation while it is operating. Let’s say the
intelligently controlled UFO made use of those stealth abilities and
dropped down to visit us on a dark night in Central Park. None of the
runners or strollers would see the craft hovering over the meadows
and ponds. Radiating energy at too low or too high a rate for the
human spectrum, no eye or ear could detect it. The craft would exist
just outside of our limited visual and auditory range. But it would
exist.
Can Abductees Be Sent Messages by Aliens?
Just as with our visibility, the range of human hearing is also
quite limited. Any sound within the human range tends to travel
outward in all directions, scattering itself like a candle’s beam. This
unfocused property of the audible range has always made sound a
public, shared phenomenon.
So, until now, we’ve had no explanation to offer for reports that
abductees often hear a voice directing their actions just prior to an
abduction. No one else around them hears the messages. Is this
fantasy-or is there some way the abductee could actually be hearing sounds that others do not?
A radical technological development in acoustics is about to make
us rethink what is possible and what is not. Its inventor, MIT graduate
student F. Joseph Pompei, calls the device an “audio spotlight,” referring to the way the device allows sound to behave like a focused beam
of light. The audio spotlight emits a column of sound that is enveloped
by silence, just as the beam of a spotlight is enclosed by darkness.
From far away it can direct an audible sound or message to a specific
listener. The person standing inside the beam that’s emitted hears the
sound or voice loud and clear. A person standing a few feet away, outside the beam, hears nothing. The device can also direct sound to
bounce off walls to create a false impression of the sound source.16
Some engineers have called the audio spotlight the most radical
technological development in acoustics since the coil loudspeaker
was invented in 1925. But the revolutionary aspect of the acoustic
beam is not that it’s a new kind of circuit board. It is that sound can
now be sent directly to the brain-a personal message meant only
for you. And you wouldn’t have to wear headphones or an ear jack.
Nor would you necessarily be a voluntary recipient of the auditory
information.
Abductees say they don’t know where the voice comes from or
even whether they are hearing specific words. They simply know
that a communication has been sent by someone or something that
is not necessarily in sight. A technology similar to our newly developed acoustic spotlight might be one way in which this “inner alien
voice” can be heard-a remote and invisible form of human control.
A Recipe for Stealth Technology
Although the majority of mainstream scientists do not consider UFOs a
serious topic of study-or are reluctant to say it is publicly-a small but
significant cadre of physicists and other scientists have taken a hard
look at the subject over the years. According to their databases of reported UFO activities, these scientists have inferred that the elusive flying
objects have long been employing some sort of “invisibility technology.”
Let’s take a brief look at what our own recently developed stealth technologies do and how they do it by way of comparison to the reported
behavior of unknown aerial objects.
After World War Two, the high-tech Cold War between the United
States and the Soviet Union was building slowly, chillingly to its
moment of crisis. Both sides placed a premium on building the most
powerful and the most secret weapons. From the 1960’s through the
1980’s, American aeronautical engineers set out to create secret, longrange, obliterative, and airborne technologies. In an urgent press to
surpass the enemy, American scientists and military strategists began
highly classified work on:
• reducing an aircraft’s imprint on radar screens
• lowering the heat of its infrared picture to avoid heat
detecting sensors
• improving aerodynamics (flexibility, speed, acceleration,
maneuverability, etc.)
• making aircraft less visible to the human eye
• muffling the extraordinary noise of the jet engine.17
Looking back at the earliest UFO reports, one can only wonder if the
engineers working for the great defense contractors, McDonnell
Douglas or Lockheed, for example, had actually already studied, close up
and in action, unconventional aircraft of nonhuman origin. Because,
without a doubt, there are striking parallels between the aerodynamic
“recipe” that American scientists urgently set out to achieve and the
reports of UFOs’ decidedly unearthly performances made fifteen to
twenty years earlier.
Some of the most unbiased scientists, such as Paul Hill at NASA
(Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis, 1995) and engineer
Leonard Cramp (UFOs and Anti-Gravity: Piece for a Jig-Saw, 1966) collected substantial databases of early UFO activity. According to their
data, each UFO sighting confirmed aerodynamic performance that
paralleled the United States’ goals for its own aircraft, but was far
advanced over what could be accomplished technically at that time. The
following are some of their findings about observed UFO behavior:
• UFOs sometimes eluded radar detection but could be visually
seen. At other times they showed up on radar, while remaining
invisible to the human eye.
• Heat radiation, such as would be detected by infrared sensors, is
missing from the surface and/or emissions of a UFO. A conventional aircraft’s propulsion system would register as red-hot.
• A UFO’s aerodynamic maneuvers are reported with amazement
by human observers, including those who are military personnel:
speeds at over 10,000 mph; sharp, right-angled turns; abrupt
halts; hovering indefinitely close to the ground; acceleration that
is so rapid (out of sight in one tenth of a second) that the human
eye cannot follow, and the object literally seems to vanish; and
many other exotic aerodynamic moves inconsistent with any
known human technology of the time.
• Observers of both large and small UFOs most often report an
atmosphere of total silence, even with the close overflight of a
large craft. New Yorker Elliot Novak and his wife Debbie
described a craft “as big as Shea Stadium,” when telling the
authors about their experience in upstate New York during the
1987 wave of black, deltoid craft sightings in that area. “It passed
right over the open skylight of our car, so close that I could have
thrown a rock and hit it,” Novak added. “But the weird thing is
that it was totally, absolutely silent.” Occasionally people report a
whine, hum, or buzz, but they rarely report a UFO creating a
roar or boom-even at supersonic speed. It’s the silence of such
large airborne craft that witnesses find stunning.
The B-2 offered a significant advance in the development of
American stealth technology when it was unveiled in 1988 at Northrop
Grumman’s manufacturing plant in Palmdale, California. Although
journalists were invited to watch, all guests were kept well away from
the plane, which was built to slip through enemy radar defenses and
drop up to sixteen nuclear bombs on its targets. The B-2 bomber was
coated with radar-absorbent paint on each of its leading edges.
Research had shown that the right-angled surfaces at the wing and tail
roots were especially susceptible to reflecting radar signals. The materials covering the plane, soaking up radar, were so effective that the B-2
had the same radar cross section (RCS)-the profile that’s visible to
radar-as a child’s tricycle. Another stealth craft, the F-117, had a different manufacturer and was deployed effectively in the Gulf War. Nearly
invisible to radar, the F-117 had the RCS of a bird in flight. That’s how
effective we’d become at making early models of “invisible craft” by the
late 1980’s and early 1990’s.
If we think back to the first major wave of UFO sightings in 1947,
we recall that pilot Kenneth Arnold and other witnesses from the
1940’s and 1950’s were describing flat, pancakelike, circular “saucers”
that almost disappeared to the eye when completely horizontal. One
can only conjecture that the designers of the earliest reported UFOs
understood-long before we earthlings did-the value of streamlining
the craft’s RCS to make it significantly less detectable. Both the earliestknown UFOs’ makers and the American stealth designers were sharp
enough to do away with right angles.
In the Plasma Zone
The few physicists and other scientists who have investigated
the UFO phenomenon have long inferred from reports, photographs, and film that UFOs are surrounded by a zone of ionized,
excited molecules-a plasma sheath. Depending on speed and
environmental conditions, the plasma may either blur the solid outline of the craft or allow the observer a clear sighting of a hardedged object. Witnesses often say: “I couldn’t see a distinct shape,
but I’m sure the object was solid.”
In our own technology, we find other familiar applications of
this principle. For example, when a space capsule reenters the
earth’s atmosphere, it is the plasma shield surrounding it at that
point that causes a temporary but total communications blackout.
Aeronautical research scientist Paul Hill used a small model experiment to reproduce UFOlike flight in a wind tunnel. The photo of the
experiment shows a nearly invisible model of a craft traveling at
high speed, sheathed in its excited, ionized plasma. It bears no small
similarity to eyewitness reports of certain kinds of UFO sightings.
Graphic illustration of a supersonic wind-tunnel
model during test, photographed by N+2 plasma light.
(Courtesy of Hampton Roads Publishing)
Witnesses at night or twilight report that the ionized zone
seems almost like a multicolored neon light. If the craft is in a lowpower state (hovering or moving slowly), it will give off the colors
red and orange, which take the least energy to excite. But when a
UFO is either traveling or getting ready to head into high performance, we see the colors that take the most power to excite-blue
and blue-white.18
For people having close-up night sightings, the plasma may blur
the edges of the vehicle-at times even completely concealing it.
When the plasma zone is thick and intense, then we’re looking at
“invisibility.” Why? Because there is a critical thickness or density
beyond which a ray of light cannot penetrate. The excited molecules,
in these instances, might absorb any rays of light radiated by the surface of the object. It reradiates that light in random directions that
don’t reach the eye or the camera lens.
And, just as UFOs so often reportedly do, the American stealth
bombers were also designed to avoid radar by flying at very low levels.
“Ground clutter,” radar reflections given off by buildings or other
objects, are useful to low-flying craft as a way of confusing radar. UFOs
also seem to use a hovering, low-flying capability to avoid detection.
Adaptive Camouflage
Althought it’s unclear how far along the project actually is, NASA’s Jet
Propulsion Laboratory has proposed a sensor-and-display system that
would create an illusion of transparency around almost any object.
Whether an aircraft, a tank, or perhaps a building, the objects would
effectively be invisible. Called “adaptive camouflage,” these systems
generate displays that change in response to changing scenes and lighting conditions.19
This technological “magic” actually mimics nature’s own camouflage adaptation in which an animal’s exterior color gradually changes
to blend in with the color and texture of its environment. In the Florida
vacationland of the 1950’s, for example, live lizards called anoles, or
American chameleons, were often sold to tourists. As a small girl with
a dollar and a love of all creatures, I’d buy one of the tiny lizards. With a
noose and a pin, I’d harness it to my blouse and watch with amazement as the chameleon became a living, breathing, matching accessory. If I was wearing a pink blouse, the chameleon would gradually
blush like a young girl. If I was wearing green, the chameleon became
a twist of lime on my shirt.
But NASA is proposing something even trickier than what the lizard is
doing by sympathetically altering its skin color: The agency’s camouflage
Optical Tweezers
For decades, abductees have consistently reported being moved or
lifted up by a beam of light shot down by a hovering UFO. Even objects
as unwieldly as cars, cattle, and small airplanes have evidently been
taken up a beam of light. Could these feats be anything other than
magical thinking on the part of people experiencing extreme stress?
It seems now that there’s nothing magical about it. At Keio
University in Japan, researchers have developed a technology that
uses laser light to manipulate and lift very small objects. The findings-explored in the journal Physics World-show how light,
insubstantial as it seems, actually exerts pressure on any object
that absorbs that light.20 When researchers cause two pencil-thin
laser beams to intersect, an extremely intense light field creates a
type of pressurized trap at that juncture. By moving the intersection point of the lasers, the researchers can drag the object along
inside the light trap. A set of
“optical tweezers” has thus
been created.
laser beams
lens
particle
pressurized trap
Since this discovery, the
use of light pressure to
move microscopic objects
has become commonplace
among scientists. In the laboratory, “optical tweezers,”
or beams of light, now grasp
and move cells and even tie
knots in DNA.
Scientists today are far
from using laser beams to
Illustration of dynamic optical tweezers lift bawling cattle or hoist a
(simplified). Buick. In principle, however,
a technology that begins at
the microscopic level may eventually be developed for application at
the macro- or human-sized scale.
system uses a sophisticated optoelectrical system to project the scene
from the far side of an object onto the near side of the object (the side closest to the onlooker). The object’s surface, then, would be akin to a movie
screen, mirroring faithfully the ambient conditions through which the
object travels-shifting clouds, foliage patterns, and lighting conditions.
NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory proposes developing this “adaptive camouflage” with a flexible network of electronic flat-panel display
units, a bit like the flat, liquid-crystal, high-definition television sets
now available to consumers. The display units are arrayed as a blanket
that covers all visible surfaces of the object one desires to cloak. Each
display panel contains an active pixel sensor (APS)-or another form
of advanced image sensor-that peeks out of a small aperture, like an
eye pressed to the peephole in a door. Behind each image sensor lies a
complex network of fiber optics that transfer the image from each APS
to a display panel on the opposite side of the cloaked object. The craft
essentially becomes a big-screen projection of whatever environment it
is flying through-in essence, invisible.
These lightweight optoelectronic systems are built to be readily
operated on power provided by the vehicle’s or object’s electrical system. Using such a system, a UFO could hover in a bright sky fleeced
with clouds and never be seen by the human eye.
UFO Invisibility Is Possible
Although we’ve only touched upon a few of the stealth technologies in
use or under development by human military forces, it is clear that, to
varying degrees, “invisibility” of large, flying aircraft is indeed possible.
And it’s possible today and using only human technologies. Whether
UFOs are employing one or another of these methods, or combining
some technologies we humans have just begun to hone-or utilizing
systems we cannot at present conceive-we have no way of knowing.
So far, we’ve mainly looked to our own cutting-edge technologies as
measures of whether UFO capabilities are “magical” or “fantastic”-or
whether they might well be possible, either by extrapolation or by
totally new forms of transportation. After reading the research of the
scientists and aeronautical engineers who have studied UFO case
reports, I have come to believe that the UFO is not just a zippier jet
plane: It is a radically different form of airborne technology-one that
could be far beyond our own in capabilities, especially in speed and
maneuverability, as well as in the ability to shift shapes or to be visible
one moment and invisible the next.
In fact, contemporary scientists and UFO researchers Dr. Bruce
Maccabee and Stanton Friedman agree with the assessment of those
earlier scientists, Paul Hill and Leonard Cramp, that all of our explanations of UFO propulsion and optical effects only partially explain the
inner workings of the unidentified craft that have been overflying Earth
for the past fifty years, if not more. They feel that the energy used by
the UFOs is something extraordinary and far more technologically
advanced than what we humans currently know how to build.

===========================================================================
4. THE CAMERA NEVER LIES?

So far in our examination of the issue of invisibility in UFO
abductions, we have been inferring its existence rather than presenting direct evidence in its support. We have made these inferences
largely because no other theory is able to explain how abductions can
regularly take place in crowded areas-the tarmac of a military airfield,
for example-without being seen by hundreds or even thousands of
witnesses. Skeptics, of course, will immediately assure us that this
proves there are no such things as UFO abductions because the temporary invisibility of human beings, “aliens,” and “UFOs” is a physical
impossibility. However, in Carol Rainey’s survey of radical new thinking about the issue of invisibility, we have already seen why both mainstream scientists and those who practice debunkery may soon be
forced to change their minds about this issue.
There is nothing new about the debunkers’ knee-jerk responses to
reports of temporary UFO invisibility. From the beginning, in 1947,
when UFOs were first widely reported over the United States, these
committed skeptics also claimed that the amazing speeds and performance characteristics reported by UFO eyewitnesses were impossible;
therefore UFOs as physical craft didn’t exist, either. And even when
trained radar operators reported tracking unidentified objects flying at
extraordinary supersonic speeds and making right-angle turns without
decelerating, the debunkers insisted that either the radar equipment
was malfunctioning or the operators were incompetent.

Central to the failing of mainstream scientists to acknowledge the
possibility of these UFO behaviors has been the use of traditional
theories of physics to refute new data, no matter how authoritative,
consistent, or objectively recorded it may be. According to mainstream
science’s blinkered frame of mind, if X is regarded as impossible, anyone
actually observing X-even if he or she is offering supportive physical
evidence-has to be mistaken. Or crazy. Or lying.
Unfortunately, ideology, training, tradition, and lack of curiosity
afflict scientists just as they affect generals, politicians, business executives, and most of the rest of us. Science, as Dr. J. Allen Hynek once
said, is not always what scientists do.*

*J. Allen Hynek was for twenty years the air force’s scientific consultant on UFOs.
He was chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University,
and made this statement during public lectures on the UFO phenomenon.

My work in the field of UFO research has taken me virtually around
the world, and in the fall of 1992 I visited Australia to deliver several lectures and to look into a few abduction cases. It was in the city of
Brisbane when, for the first time, I came across some extremely interesting physical evidence with direct bearing on the issue of invisibility in
UFO abductions. During a short break after my talk, I went to the lobby
of the lecture hall, where I was approached rather cautiously by a
middle-aged Brisbane couple whom I’ll call the Washburns. They were
accompanied by friends of theirs, an older American couple who, I later
learned, had persuaded them to attend my lecture and to speak to me
afterward. These two Americans, who had lived in Australia for a number of years, were very familiar with my two earlier books. And they
were also aware of several incidents in the Washburn family that suggested that Sam, Jenny, and their two children might be UFO abductees.
Over the years I have become familiar with various types of people
who approach me after lectures with different motives. Some, who
come up to me smiling and eager to talk, are colleagues-UFO
researchers and investigators with whom I may not be acquainted-
who want to tell me about new cases they are working on or to hear an
update on one of my cases. Others who approach me are just attentive,
intelligent listeners who ask for clarification about some point I may
not have explained clearly enough in my lecture. But the third and
most important group consists of people who suspect that they, too,
have had UFO abduction experiences and have come because they
need to talk about them. Invariably these men and women approach
me hesitantly, often waiting till no one is nearby before speaking to me
almost apologetically, in lowered voices, about their suspected abductions. Even before I hear their accounts, I often recognize certain body
language and quality of voice I’ve come to associate with abductees.
This cluster of symptoms subtly conveys fear, self-doubt, and, unfortunately, an emotion not unlike shame.
The couple who approached me that day in Brisbane had these
characteristics. They were solid, gentle, working people, the parents of
two sons in their late teens and early twenties-John and Andy-and
the kind of honest, unassuming folks one finds all over Australia.
Nevertheless, they had been unnerved by certain things I said in my
lecture. Sam Washburn, a man in his early forties, appeared quite nervous, though his wife, Jenny, was comparatively calm.
Among other things I had spoken about was the Linda Cortile
Witnessed case, and one detail particularly disturbed them. I had
described how, in the spring of 1992, Linda awakened, choking on
blood from a serious nosebleed. Within a minute or two her husband,
her two sons, and a young overnight guest of her older boy were all
awake and had gathered in the living room. All five had serious nosebleeds, each in the right nostril, and further investigation of this incident suggested that the five had been the victims of nearly simultaneous
alien quasimedical procedures in their nasal cavities. But because I do
not do hypnosis with anyone under the age of twenty-one, and Linda’s
husband did not wish to undergo the process, I was unable to establish
whether these nasal procedures had taken place in the apartment or
inside a UFO.
A few days after the incident, to Linda’s great surprise, the mother
of the boy who was visiting that night called to tell her that she believed
her son and Linda’s family may have all had a shared UFO abduction
experience that night. She went on to describe many strange, suggestive incidents her son had reported over the years, and even implied
that she, too, had had a number of possible UFO experiences. I later
met and interviewed this woman and found her to be highly credible
and very possibly an abductee.
But for Sam and Jenny Washburn, this earlier incident of Linda’s
was disturbingly similar to an event that had occurred shortly before I
met them. According to Jenny, five days before the couple heard me
speak of the Cortile case in my lecture, they and their twenty-year-old
son had awakened at the same time that night upon experiencing
heavy nosebleeds. (John, their younger son was not home at the time.)
Adding to their unease was the fact that all three were also bleeding
from their right nostrils.
As interesting as this ostensible coincidence was, the Washburns
had a more important story to tell. For most of his forty-two years, Sam
had suffered from events that suggested classic abduction experiences.
He was filled with a nearly constant anxiety and fear beginning in his
childhood, when he lived on a farm. As he spoke to me, his expression,
the tension in his face, his body language-everything-suggested a
near panic state. He detailed a few incidents, but after a pause Jenny
wished to tell me about something else. “Have you ever seen anything
like this?” she inquired, giving me four photographs, obviously old and
well handled. They were unexceptional snapshots, except for the fact
that all were in various tones of red, as if a three-color printing process
had only printed one color, omitting the blue and yellow.
The first of the red photographs showed a playground with a small
boy, presumably Andy, peeking over the top of a slide near a second,
unoccupied slide. The next two photos were similar views of the bay, a
bit of sandy turf, and-off to the right of each-a tree; one could guess
that the photographer had moved perhaps ten or twenty feet between
shots. The fourth showed the same sandy turf and boatless bay
behind, but since the tree was not visible, one can assume that the
photographer had moved farther along the shore. These last three
photos were extraordinarily bland, containing nothing of interest to
engage the eye.
In answer to Jenny’s question, I stated that I had never seen redtinted photos like these and asked about the other images on the same
film. She told me that all the other pictures on the same roll, before
and after these, were in normal full color, and that the four red photos
fell somewhere among the last ten or twelve exposures on the roll.
Not really understanding why Jenny had showed me these red snapshots, I was only mildly interested in them. But then she explained why
she had handed them to me. “The thing about these pictures,” she said,
“is that we’re supposed to be in them, and we’re not. Sam took two of
the boys and me, and I took one of him and the boys, and when we got
the pictures back from the store, we weren’t in them.* We were standing here in the middle with the water behind us, but we’re not in the
pictures. Have you ever heard of anything like that?”

*This is a typical example of a witnesses’ faulty memory of a small detail. Actually,
Jenny took two pictures and Sam only one.

My curiosity surged, but I replied as coolly as I could that I had
never heard of this kind of problem. I asked the Washburns if anything
else had happened that day at the playground that might have seemed
strange. They recalled nothing unusual except the fact that they all
wanted to go home shortly after they took the snapshots-an unusual
reaction for the children. Sam remembered feeling agitated and his
wife appearing tense, though their sons behaved normally, apart for
wanting to leave the playground. It was only a ten-minute drive from
their home and one of their favorite places, but after the day the photos
were taken, neither of them ever wanted to go back. Though they lived
in the area for another few years, this was their final visit. That, Sam
and Jenny agreed, was strange.
I realized that potentially, these odd red photographs for which the
Washburns posed-only to find themselves inexplicably missing-
were of extraordinary importance, but I said nothing to either of them
about my suspicions. I was also disappointed to learn that the
Washburns did not know where the original negatives were. They had
moved twice since the photos were taken fourteen years earlier, in
1978, and, like most of us, the couple had kept all their negatives
loosely stored in various boxes and envelopes, which had become
mixed up with other things. Jenny promised to search for the negatives
but was not very optimistic about finding them.
Later that afternoon, at my invitation, Sam and Jenny and their
friends came to my hotel room for a more extensive interview, and I
was able to fill in a number of significant details. The playground
where the photos were taken, Sam told me, was at a place called the
esplanade in Wynnum, a residential area in Greater Brisbane.
Wynnum is located about six kilometers from the center of the city, on
the coast and south of the Brisbane River. The film Sam remembers
regularly using in his Pentax camera was Kodak ASA 100. He
explained that when this incident occurred in 1978, relations between
him and his wife had been strained for many weeks, and one of the
purposes of their trip to the esplanade that day was to have a chance to
talk while the children occupied themselves on the playground equipment.
Sam said that he had revisited the esplanade within the last year. “I
went back to the spot, and . . . it was eerie. It was really eerie. It’s . . .
not scary, but myself, personally, I just wanted to walk fast past it and
try to get away from it.”
I asked if, in 1978, he had gone back to the esplanade after they first
received their photographs and found they were not in them. His
answer was quick and decisive: “No way!”
Jenny echoed Sam’s impression of the esplanade that morning in
1978. “We just went there to relax, and have time to talk between ourselves while the children played on the equipment. But it was eerie.”
Sam was more explicit about his feelings. “As far as I can remember,
we sort of hung around-you know how you linger?-and I felt silent. It
was as if I was lost. ’Cause we went back to the car and I remember
thinking, We need to go and get something to eat. And I remember getting
in the car and driving, but that’s as far as I can remember.
“It’s been on my mind so many times and I can’t remember where
we went. We didn’t go home. To me, it was as if everything was in slow
motion. That’s the best way to describe it: as if everything had just
slowed down. And even though I felt okay, I was feeling as if I wasn’t
there. That was my feeling: that I wasn’t there.”
It was obvious that, for both Sam and Jenny, the day was very unsettling, and since their sons never wanted to go back to their once
favorite playground, one can assume that they were similarly affected.
After a long conversation with the Washburns and their friends, I suggested the idea of hypnotic regression to try and recover the events of
that day. Jenny immediately agreed, but Sam was extremely reluctant,
even frightened at the prospect. Ultimately, I carried out a session with
Jenny that afternoon while her husband waited downstairs in the hotel
lobby with one of their American friends (the other stayed with us and
witnessed Jenny’s hypnosis).
After a long preliminary interview I began the induction. Going
back fourteen years, we dealt with the Washburns’ family car, their
drive to the playground, and the first photo that Sam took of his son on
the slide. The time was about 11:30 A.M. Jenny recalled a lunch of sandwiches as well as their various wanderings around the playground.
Eventually the family moved over near the water, and Sam posed with
the boys for the pictures Jenny took. In answer to my question, she
remembered which son was to Sam’s right and which was in front of
him. While this was going on, she said she “felt funny,” and things
seemed “not right.” I noticed that the pace of her recollections had
slowed noticeably.
They strolled a bit and then Sam took the camera to photograph her
with the boys. Jenny stopped speaking for several minutes. After a long
pause I asked her what was happening. She seemed quietly agitated.
“We’re going up,” she said. “There’s something big up over us,” and
she felt she was surrounded by an intense light.
I asked who was going up. It was she and the boys.
“Where’s Sam?” I asked.
“He’s down there where he was . . . holding the camera.” Jenny
seemed frightened and confused, but not quite in a state of panic. “No
one seems to see the big thing up over us. . . .”
What ensued was a standard UFO abduction. Jenny, John, and Andy
apparently entered the craft through the bottom and, once inside, were
approached by several small aliens. Suddenly, Jenny began to cry. She
was becoming more upset by the second, and when I asked what was
happening, she replied, “They’re taking my boys away from me . . .
and I can’t move.” I reassured her that her boys were fine, as she must
know, because, I reminded her, soon after this experience they were all
together with Sam down at the esplanade.
Next, Jenny described being moved into another room, where
shortly after she found herself on a table, nude, being examined by several small gray creatures. Gynecological procedures followed, but she
was still so upset that, rather than exploring them in depth, I moved
her ahead to the moment she was reunited in the craft with her sons.
Feeling immense relief, she next described their descent, all together,
in the same bright light. Amazed, she saw her husband down below,
his camera still raised, standing exactly where he had been before all of
this began. As soon as they were back on the ground, he lowered the
camera and normal-though subtly altered-reality resumed.
After the session ended, Jenny appeared to be shocked, relieved,
and confused in about equal measure. I implored her not to tell Sam
anything about what she had recalled, and she readily agreed. She, too,
was eager for him to undergo hypnosis either to confirm or contradict
what she had remembered. She found it almost impossible to accept
her recollections as real, despite their vividness and coherence. The
abduction experience, she realized, helped explain the strange photographs and the unusual reactions of the entire family to their trip to
the esplanade. I decided, for the time being, not to spell out my own
thoughts about these events.
The next morning I phoned Sam and we talked at length about the
issue of hypnosis. Apparently because of our conversation the previous
day and Jenny’s reassuring description of the safety and ease of the procedure, Sam agreed to undergo hypnosis. However, when he and Jenny
arrived at my hotel room later that afternoon, he was quite nervous and
apprehensive. I spent some time explaining the process to him,
reminding him that he would effectively be in charge and that he could
end the session whenever he wished. We talked a bit about his conscious recollections of that visit to the playground, and then I began the
induction.
As I always do at the outset of a regression, I set the scene, beginning with the Washburns’ drive to the playground.
BH: When you go to the esplanade, do you drive the car or does Jenny
drive?
Sam: I do.
BH: Let’s just see what happens. You get out of the car at some point and
go over to the park. Let’s just look for a few minutes. I want you to watch
John and Andy and I want you to tell me what they’re doing.
Sam: Andy was going down the slide. John was climbing up.
BH: John’s climbing up? Do they look like they’re having fun?
Sam: No.
BH: Now, at some point-incidentally, is this four o’clock in the afternoon? What time is it? [This question, in which I mention a specific
time, is an example of what I call a false lead, a basic technique that
I will use again and again in this session as a test of Sam’s degree of
suggestibility.]
Sam: [Refusing to take my lead]: No, it’s . . . don’t know. . . . It’s
about midday.
BH: Midday. Okay. Now the boys are having a good time, fooling
around. You’re with Jenny, I assume. Do you have a little chat, or are you
watching them, or taking pictures? What happens now?
Sam: Jenny and I are talking. . . . The boys go by. It’s sort of . . . It’s
all sandy at the bottom of the slide.
BH: It’s sandy down there? They kind of land in the sand when they
come down?
Sam: Uh-huh.
BH: Now, this is what I want you to do for me. Look into your feelings. . . . What are you feeling as this is happening?
Sam: I was very concerned.
BH: What are you concerned about?
Sam: Don’t know.
BH: Just feeling a sense of concern?
Sam: I don’t want the boys to go high.
BH: So you’re keeping an eye on them?
Sam: Yes.
BH: What might happen to the boys? What are you so concerned about?
Sam: [Responding quickly]: Don’t know.
BH: Now, at some point you go near the water and take some pictures.
[At this, Sam begins to tremble and moan softly. I put my hand on
his shoulder to comfort him.] Why are you afraid? It’s an innocent
thing, taking pictures.
Sam: There’s something there.
BH: You see something?
Sam: Yes-its there.
BH: Tell me what you see.
Sam: It’s a ball.
BH: Where do you see this ball? Is it on the sand? [Another leading
question, the first of several about the ball.]
Sam: No, it’s floating.
BH: It’s on the water?
Sam: No, it’s floating in the air.
BH: Is it black?
Sam: No.
BH: Is it yellow?
Sam: No, it’s silver. No, not silver, it’s shiny.
BH: Now, how big is it? Let’s start with a football: Is it bigger than a football or smaller than a football?
Sam: It’s smaller. It’s a bit bigger than a tennis ball.
BH: How far away is it when you go over there?
Sam: [Whispers, as if afraid “it” will hear him]: It’s very close.
BH: Meaning ten feet or more?
Sam: It’s watching us.
BH: Now, does this thing move, or is it just staying there?
Sam: It just moves around. . . . It’s floating around. [Now Sam
becomes very frightened and the tears flow down his cheeks.] I don’t
know why other people can’t see it.
BH [Comforts Sam]: Let’s see what the boys and Jenny do. Do they see it
also?
Sam: No.
BH: You’re the only one who sees it?
Sam: I think so.
BH: Now, where is everybody when you see this? Are you all together in a
little group? Is anyone separate from the others?
Sam: I don’t know. I tell them [his wife and sons] I want to take a
photo . . . that I’ve got to take a photo.
BH: Why do you have to take a photo? Something you want to do?
Sam: Don’t know.
BH: Is it something you want to do? Supposed to do?
Sam: Supposed to do.
BH: How do you pose them? Do you tell them where to stand?
Sam: They just stand there. I don’t know why.
BH: You aim the camera at them?
Sam: Yes.
BH: You get them in range and everything? You do all those things-
Sam [Interrupting, very frightened]: They’re not there!
BH:-focus the camera?
Sam: I don’t think . . . I don’t know. [Becomes very upset, cries]
BH: Tell me what you’re feeling.
Sam: Panic.
BH [In a calming tactic, I move ahead for a moment]: At the end of
the day you all went home, didn’t you? Andy is home right now, isn’t he?
He’s fine, isn’t he? [I had earlier been told that his brother John was
currently visiting a friend and so was not home.]
Sam: Yes.
BH: And Jenny is here with us. And you’re fine now? [I reassure him
that everyone is okay now.]
Sam: Yes.
BH: When you look in the camera, what do you see?
Sam: They’re not there.
BH: They’re not there?
Sam: The ball was moved and there’s another one there. There’s
another ball.
BH: When you say they’re not there, where are they? Jenny and the boys?
Sam: The ball’s taken them.
BH: Well, in what direction . . . out to sea, or back on the beach?
Sam: They leave sort of up on an angle.
BH: On an angle?
Sam: The ball takes them . . . lifts them up.
BH: Lifts them up?
Sam: Yeah. They don’t know. They don’t even look surprised.
BH: And where do they go?
Sam: They’re going up. The other people . . . they must help. They
must help us.
BH: Do you call out for help?
Sam: I couldn’t.
BH: Tell me where the boys are standing in relation to Jenny. Who’s on
the left, who’s on the right? What happens?
Sam: John was just standing in front. Andy was sort of right beside
John, and Jenny had her hands on their shoulders.
BH: And it looks like they’re not even noticing?
Sam: Looks like they’re just standing there, but they’re floating
upwards.
BH: Can you look up to see where they’re floating to?
Sam: I don’t know what it is. Just a thing. Don’t want to look at it.
[He becomes agitated again.]
BH: Is it an airplane?
Sam: No. Don’t want to look at it.
BH: Does it look big or small, or can you tell?
Sam: Must be big.
BH: Big as an automobile?
Sam: Bigger, much bigger.
BH: Can you see them approach it? You just tell me what you see.
Sam: There’s all these lights. It’s so bright, you can’t see. They just
disappear in the brightness. It’s like looking into a flashlight. They
just disappear into it.
BH: So, when that happens, what do you do? Do you put the camera
down and walk away?
Sam: No, I couldn’t.
BH: So, how are you posed?
Sam: I’m just standing there. And this other ball is still there.
BH: And where’s the camera?
Sam: In my hand.
BH: Down at your side?
Sam: No.
BH: Where is it?
Sam: Sort of like I was taking a photo.
BH: At some point I want you to tell me what you feel. Before they come
back, what do you do. Do you move around at all?
Sam: No, I can’t move.
BH: Are you there for a short time or a long time?
Sam: This ball, it’s hidden me. It’s got me hidden.
BH: You mean hidden so people can’t see you?
Sam: No. It’s got me hidden. It does this every time. [Very agitated].
It hides you.
BH: Now, Sam, this is what I want you to do for me. At other times, perhaps you’ve never had a chance to speak to the balls, to say what you’d
like to say. At this very moment we’re all safe and all together here, let’s
just imagine you’re looking at one. What would you really like to say to
this ball? I want you to speak to it directly.
Sam [Coldly, and speaking indirectly]: Just tell it to get out of here.
Tell it to get away.
BH: Do you think you have a right to be angry about this?
Sam: You bet.
BH: They did this without asking you permission, didn’t they?
Sam: You can’t move.
BH: That’s not a way to treat somebody, is it?
Sam: No.
BH: If you had that power, you wouldn’t do that to somebody, would
you?
Sam: I don’t know why they do it. They’ve always done it.
BH: The first time you saw the ball, how old were you? Were you a little
boy?
Sam: I thought it was to play with.
BH: Where were you when you saw this? Indoors or out?
Sam: Outdoors. I always knew the light, it was always there. It used
to follow me. It never hurt me.
BH: Did you ever see any people with these balls? Sometimes balls belong
to people?
Sam: They belong to that other thing.
BH: What is the other thing?
Sam: It’s the thing that’s up in the sky.
BH: Let’s move back to the beach again. Let’s watch Jenny and the boys
come back. Tell me what you see.
Sam: They just appear. It’s like as if this ball is back and just
appears. I can’t see. It’s very bright.
BH: And they’re standing in front of you?
Sam: No, away. They’re just like as if they’re not quite touching the
ground.
BH: How do they look? Look at their faces.
Sam: Frozen. No expressions. It’s like statues.
BH: How do you feel now, to see them back?
Sam: Better, but the ball’s still watching.
BH: Let’s let the ball leave. Let’s see how it leaves.
Sam: No. It’s staying there. The big thing’s gone. It’s still watching. There are all these voices. You can hear these things in your
head.
BH: What are the voices saying?
Sam: They just tell me that its okay.
BH: Everything’s okay?
Sam: Yes, that’s it, but why do they do it?
BH: We don’t know why. Did you ask them why?
Sam: They just keep babbling on.
BH: What’s the next moment when you begin to feel at ease with your
family?
Sam: That afternoon.
BH: Where are you?
Sam: I think we’re at Jenny’s mom’s place.
BH: You feel kind of relaxed now?
Sam: Yeah-there’s a lot of people around.
BH: How are the boys doing?
Sam: They seem to be okay. They’re playing.
After a period of positive posthypnotic suggestions, I ended the session and brought Sam back to full consciousness. I asked him how he
felt. “Like a bit of an idiot,” he replied, and Jenny laughed. Then she
expressed her astonishment at the corroboration of her own previous
account. From their two separate perspectives, Jenny and Sam had
described essentially the same bizarre incident.
From my perspective, my suspicions about their experience-which
I had still not voiced to either of them-had been fully confirmed.
Some time that morning-I do not know when-Sam, Jenny, Andy,
and John had all four apparently become invisible, though they were not
aware of that fact. Neither their bodies, their clothing, nor even their
camera could be seen by the other families on the esplanade that warm
Saturday.
At some point a small floating ball appeared, shiny, bigger than a
tennis ball, and apparently visible only to Sam; Jenny was certain she
had not seen it. After she photographed Sam and her sons-presumably just before the ball arrived-Sam involuntarily took a picture of his
wife and sons. “I was supposed to” is the way he put it.
Just before she handed the camera to her husband, Jenny recalled,
she clearly saw her family through the lens when she snapped their
photos, and under hypnosis that memory remained firm. Initially, Sam
remembered sighting Jenny and the boys through the lens when he
photographed them, but under hypnosis he did not recall seeing them
through the camera’s eye. Perhaps when he snapped his picture, they
had already levitated out of camera range, or possibly, when he was
frozen in place and waiting involuntarily for their return, he snapped
the shutter; we will probably never know.
Jenny’s photos, taken along with her recollections of seeing her husband and sons through the camera’s viewfinder, provide clear, though
indirect, physical evidence of the phenomenon of invisibility. It seems
plausible that Sam had to have been invisible in order to stand
absolutely frozen, eye to the viewfinder, for perhaps an hour in a busy
playground without attracting attention. Had he been visible, one can
easily imagine at least some small child asking, “Daddy, why is that
man standing over there looking through his camera and not moving
for so long?”
Though it is bizarre to an extreme, the most logical explanation of the
entire mystery is that at some point all four Washburn family members
were literally invisible to everyone nearby, as was the UFO, its bright, levitating beam, and the small, floating balls. And to add more conceptual
confusion, a temporarily invisible camera apparently was able to record
the invisibility of the Washburns against a visible landscape-the images
caught in tones of red on temporarily invisible Kodak film!
It seems to me that this case has only two possible explanations:
Either it occurred more or less the way the Washburns said it did, or it
is a hoax and Sam and Jenny are liars who invented the whole thing. I
can think of no way in which this incident could be caused accidentally-and honestly-by either the joint misidentification of natural
phenomena or the simultaneous occurrence of a shared psychotic
episode. But those who practice debunkery, recognizing these problems and doggedly believing that such UFO events cannot happen, will
insist that the Washburns fabricated both the photos and the entire
abduction episode.
Such a complex and dishonest act on the part of the Washburns
would require, first of all, a motive. They asked nothing of me, not
money or attention or media exposure, and in fact firmly insisted upon
anonymity. Rather than suggesting I buy the red photos from them,
they gave them to me to take back to the United States for analysis. (As
I write this, they are still in my possession.) So, what would be their
motive for an orchestrated hoax? I can think of none.
Also, had there been a hoax, Jenny and Sam would have had to do
several things: They would have had to carefully construct their
esplanade account and orchestrate their stories so that they could be
recounted from differing perspectives. Next, they would have had to
teach each other how to fake hypnosis, to resist the induction, and,
finally, to practice emotionally convincing acting to the point that they
were able to effortlessly convince me they were experiencing genuine
emotions. All of this work, all of this dishonesty, and for what?
No, all of the evidence suggests that this bizarre event occurred and
that the Washburns’ temporary state of invisibility was, in a way,
recorded on film. These two utterly honest, sensitive people managed
to present us with physical evidence that supports the reality of an alien
technology of invisibility. For this, we are deeply in their debt.

===========================================================================
5. THE PERPETUAL PHOTOGRAPHER

Although there isn’t any known science to back up this whimsical observation, there seems to be a universal parental imperative about picture-taking that children just don’t get. Would they smile
if we tried to explain it’s a way to stop time, print the moment and hold
it close? That it’s a defense against loss that’s sensed coming from just
around the corner? I imagine that’s what Sam and Jenny Washburn
were trying to do for their family group in the Brisbane park in the
summer of 1978. But the four red photos where the trees and lake are
as they should be, while the Washburns themselves are completely
missing from at least three of the four frames-what has happened
here? Something they hadn’t intended or wished for, certainly. These
photos are a memento, but of what?
When it comes to exploring the issue of invisibility by applying scientific principles to a UFO report, the Australian Washburn case of the
red photos is a particularly interesting one. It poses a number of problems beyond the issue of Jenny and her two boys being taken up into a
UFO from a Brisbane playground in broad daylight while her husband
Sam was evidently left standing below, frozen, a perpetual-and later,
perplexed-photographer. We must ask:
• How did the many elements involved in this abduction-the four
Washburns, the UFO, and the silver ball-all evidently achieve
invisibility in the middle of an afternoon in a public park?
• If they were not invisible, how else might the event have
occurred?
• Why were the four photos red, while those on the roll of film
before and after them were normal? And why were the family
members not in the last three red photographs?
• Did an invisible person manage to take photographs? If so, how
was he apparently instructed to do so?
Several of the phenomena in these questions may be directly relevant to the UFO’s propulsion system. Let’s take a look at the way a
handful of well-placed aeronautical engineers and physicists developed, over time, a speculative but also highly plausible theory for the
internal workings of certain UFOs-a theory that includes the ability to
shield themselves from human sight in several ways.

One Engineer’s Explanation of UFO Propulsion
Published posthumously in 1995, Paul Hill’s groundbreaking book,
Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis, ferrets out the patterns
of reported UFO performance from the 1950’s through the 1970’s. As
chief scientist specializing in aeronautical engineering for NASA, Hill
became an informal clearinghouse for UFO-related data passing through
the agency. Officially, NASA wanted nothing to do with UFO reports, but
as long as Hill kept a low profile, he was able to collect a substantial database necessary for a scientific analysis of the phenomena.
Hill took the reported observations of UFOs-including color, size,
wakes, jitters, maneuvers, sound, clouds, landing traces, force fields, radiation, occupants, and interference with human technology-and compared those reports with all propulsion systems known to mankind. One
by one, Hill systematically eliminated all known systems-mechanical,
pressure, rocketry, high-speed particle propulsion, and friction-because
their performance did not match the data for UFO behavior. But, sticking
to accepted principles of flight dynamics and electricity, Hill concluded
that UFOs “obey, not defy, the laws of physics.”1
His conclusion, supported by other engineers and physicists familiar with the reports, suggests that UFOs most likely utilize an internally generated force similar to Earth’s gravity, but one that opposes
gravity and frees the UFO from many of the constraints of man-made
aircraft. The field beam literally pushes down on the Earth’s mass,
which is thousands of times more dense than the atmosphere, and
repels it.2 That action and the exchange of quantum energy that occurs
between craft and mass gives the UFO a solid scientific basis for the
reports of amazing manueverability and speed.
In addition, UFOs have the ability to intensely focus their ionizing
radiations downward. If we add this commonly observed phenomenon
to the theoretical properties of UFO propulsion, we are coming closer
to understanding what may have happened to the Washburns on a
family outing in 1978.
Focusing the Energy Field
Saucer-type vehicles would be especially prone to emitting a field, or
energy force, that undergoes a sequential focusing and demonstrates
astonishing versatility. In Unconventional Flying Objects, Paul Hill cites
several carefully observed cases of this occurring. One of the best cases
he cites comes originally from Jacques and Janine Vallee’s Challenge to
Science, where the observer made sketches similar to those presented in
the figure below.
1. 2. 3. 4.
Illustration of an unidentified craft’s focusing sequence-thought to be the basis
of its extreme speed and maneuverability.
In this case, the witness saw first a luminous cone of light directed
downward toward the ground (intense focus). As it hovered, the cone
opened up under the object like an umbrella. The witness had the
impression that there were “luminous flames” being projected toward
the Earth, although we now believe that the craft was hovering above
cold plasma, not flames. As the UFO rose and departed, it changed
course by tilting and pointing the force field in the direction in which it
wanted to proceed.3
Other researchers confirm Hill’s findings. In Coral and James
Lorenzen’s Flying Saucers: The Startling Evidence of the Invasion from
Outer Space, a series of photographs of a UFO taken in the Trinidad
Islands is presented. In them, a swath of luminosity spreads out like a
curtain between the UFO and the ground below. These photos are
excellent evidence that the UFO is focusing energy in a downward
directed beam.4

What might the “umbrella effect” mean in relation to the invisible
Washburn family photos? Although there are many unknowns in this
case, including atmospheric conditions and temperature, that would
affect the craft’s level of radiation, we can reasonably posit the following: At the point when both Jenny and Sam began to feel uneasy, right
before the photographs were taken, the UFO was overhead, perhaps
not yet seen, but sensed by the Washburns either by a change in the
daylight or by the nearly inaudible humming sounds made by the
power plant-even, perhaps, by the heat of infrared energy. It is quite
likely that at that point the descending UFO was radiating-outward
around itself and downward-an ionized plasma of excited molecules
in the infrared or near-infrared range. As we know, that is in the spectrum just outside the human visual range. Everything on the ground
enveloped in this “umbrella” of infrared light would have been
affected.
It would have been as if the craft hovering overhead had dropped an
enormous drape over the scene below. Any person or object within that
radiated infrared cloak would have to be unseen by other people-even
those less than twenty feet away. The Washburns’ otherworldly
drama-mother and children levitating up, father paralyzed below in a
photographer’s pose-would have gone unnoticed by anyone else on
the playground.
Astonishing Einstein
The world of physics is a quirky, fickle field where very large
ideas about the nature of time and space and our human place in it
seem to be under constant reconsideration. But there was always
one thing the harried physicist could depend on: the speed of light.
Albert Einstein’s theory of relativity declares that when light travels
through a vacuum, its speed never changes. At 186,000 miles per
hour, to be precise, light holds the top speed record for anything in
the universe.
Recent experiments, though, suggest that not even the speed
of light is sacred. In 1999 an American team of physicists slowed
light to a comparatively tortoise-paced speed of thirty-eight
miles per hour. Then, in the July 10, 2000, issue of Nature, other
scientists reported having urged their light speed forward,
speeding up the light pulse to exceed the cosmic limit. They
accomplished this feat by encouraging pulses to travel in a
bunch. This gave them a “group” velocity, making the whole
greater than the sum of its parts. Together, the bunched pulses
could go over the speed limit set by Einstein, even if none of the
individual waves did so.
The major news implied in this finding is that when the speed of
light is exceeded even by a factor of 1/300, the light appears to travel
backward in time. We’ll be looking at this idea later. But although
Einstein’s pickled brain may be twitching, the foundations of physics
are not quaking: The experiments don’t violate any of the established physical laws of nature, but they do show that it is possible to
manipulate light-and possibly time-in ways that astonish scientists across the board.5

The Effect on the Film
So how did Jenny and/or Sam take those red photos under the UFO
“cloak”? One clue would be to think of airports some years ago and the
trepidation with which any photographer, filmmaker, or videographer
approached the security gate. He or she would have known that the Xray scanning devices used at that time were highly likely to fog, damage,
or overexpose any film that passed through them.
We also know from our brief look at UFO propulsion that the UFO
field engine-popularly known as a “force field”-like today’s nuclear
power plants, has an electromagnetic frequency range high enough to
exhibit radioactive properties. In a case from the Korean War, Paul Hill
tells of American pilots encountering two huge UFOs surrounded by a
reddish glow. When the three planes prepared to shoot, the UFOs
jammed the planes’ radar on every frequency that was tried. As the
unidentified objects circled above the planes, the six airmen experienced a warmth and a high-frequency vibration. After the flight, they
found that all the gun camera film had been exposed or fogged. The
red glow, strong enough to be seen in daylight, suggests that the radiation from the UFO was powerful enough to penetrate camera cases.6
Even Kodak warns that “X-rays can fog unprocessed film when the
level of radiation is high.”7 However, the company has developed a special film in which infrared radiation and objects being photographed
are captured in red tones on the film. Sam Washburn, however, had no
such specialty film-just his Kodachrome and his automatic camera.
In the case of the Washburns’ red photos, though, the radiation
explanation doesn’t fully explain the situation: There is no fogging or
overall image blurring or distortion. In the background, although redtinted, the trees stand straight and the land and water horizon lines
extend from border to border in each shot. It’s only the posed family
that’s missing.
Researcher Marc Davenport has suggested a possible time-warping
field effect on the camera that would slow down or speed up the shutter.8 That explanation would be consistent with some scientists’ idea
that the UFO has found a way to actually pull time-space along with its
field. If that phenomenon affects the camera, it also would affect Sam
Washburn, standing below the hovering UFO. If provable one day by
mainstream science, the theory would also account for Sam’s sense
that everything had been slowed down-that he was, in effect, in a sort
of time warp. And he’s far from alone in expressing this odd sense of
slow motion, as if his own body had been out of phase with the surrounding time-space. Many abductees report that, at the beginning of
an abduction, they seemed to be moving in slow motion-that something didn’t “feel right.” Extreme stress, of course, is one obvious
explanation for this sense of time distortion. It’s also possible that the
physical slowing down of light, or the altering of its energy, has something to do with what Budd has termed “missing time”-a consistent
element of abductees’ reports.
None of this offers any complete explanation for the Washburns’
family photos. But one possibility remains: If the four people were
indeed progressively enveloped in a near-infrared plasma, and then an
infrared ionized beam that could be finely focused, it is logical that, in
the photos, we would be able to see the background trees and the lake,
but not the “cloaked” family. They would be hidden from the visible
spectrum of light-the one that average consumer film was designed
to capture.

Mission Control: Possible Alien Use of Infrared Technologies
NASA’s “Observation Education Reference Model,” available online, tells us that the infrared portion of the spectrum is one of the
most useful tools for identifying what a surface is made of, because
any surface both reflects energy and emits energy. For instance, a
plant will reflect much more energy in the infrared range than in
the visible range. An aerial explorer can learn a great deal about
plants-and rocks, minerals, and human beings, for that matter-
from their reflected energy. The occupants of a UFO, hovering low,
sometimes shooting far out into space, would have ample opportunity to do an amazing amount of reconnaissance about the state of
individuals, countries, and entire planets.
Color infrared films, originally designed for aerial photography
and reconnaissance missions, are now being used to monitor pollution of air and water or surveying forests to determine their state of
health.
It doesn’t require much of a leap of imagination to suppose that
visitors or explorers from other worlds would also find similar useful
purposes for heavy investment in the infrared spectrum.
Paralysis and Direct Communication to the Brain
Two of the most common elements in abduction reports are the sense
that the abductee is being told what to do by some “voice,” and his or
her temporary paralysis. The biggest questions here are whether that
source of manipulation is coming from inside or outside the self-and
how we might explain particular sensations and their actual, physical
effects on the abductee. When Sam Washburn tells Budd that he’s
“supposed to” take the family photos, we don’t know with any certainty
whether that voice is coming from his superego, his wife’s wishes, his
own fear or guilt about their troubled marriage, or from the occupants
of the craft vectoring in on them. What we can infer from the four redtinted photos with landscapes but no family in three of them is that
Sam evidently did as he had been “told,” lining up the family and then
snapping the photos just after his wife and children were levitated up
into the UFO.
Of course “mind control,” if that’s what it is, isn’t a new idea. From
the beginning of recorded history, humans have heard gods commanding from on high and have obeyed. Research shows that governments
have also long been interested in getting such a prompt and respectful
response from their populace, when needed. There is documentation
that throughout the Cold War, our own government has more than
dipped a toe into the dark waters of “mind control.” Type acoustic
psycho-correction or “psychtronics” into your search engine and see
what turns up:
1. At Walter Reed Hospital in 1973, Dr. Joseph Sharp participated in an experiment with pulsed microwave audiogram.
Sharp sat in a soundproof room, while electronic signals were
broadcast toward him in the frequency range of the electromagnetic spectrum (EM) that carries microwaves-ordinarily
inaudible to humans. There was no receiver, no electronic
translation device. Yet, in a direct transmission to his brain,
Dr. Sharp clearly made out specific words.9 How was that possible? The microwaves, causing microscopic thermal expansion of the brain tissue, had apparently directly stimulated the
area of the brain that processes language. The human ear’s
need for an audible pulse with a lower frequency and longer
wavelength was entirely bypassed.
2. A 1993 article in American Defense News discusses a Russian
mind-control technology, called “acoustic psycho-correction.”
Apparently demonstrated in laboratory experiments since the
mid-seventies, the technology, say the magazine’s sources,
“could be used to suppress riots, control dissidents, demoralize or disable opposing forces and enhance the performance
of friendly special operations teams.”10
In 1991, after the fall of the Soviet Union, Janet Morris,
defense consultant to the U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Army,
was invited to Russia to assess possible commercial applications for the technologies. She and her team witnessed a
demonstration of acoustic psycho-correction, (mind control
technology) that Morris, an expert in the field of nonlethal
weaponry, found quite intriguing. She described it as “infrasound, very low frequency-type transmission” in which the
message “is transmitted via bone conduction. . . . An entire
body protection system would be required to stop reception.”
The Russians stated that the message bypasses the person’s
conscious mind but is acted upon in less than a minute.
(A frightening thought, but you do have to wonder about
the validity of this report. With the godlike powers of mind
control at their disposal, how is it that Russia is in its present
state of dishevelment? Was it the fledgling capitalism or was it
the technology that didn’t pan out?)
3. The U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) also appears to
have been interested in the direct broadcasting of audible
sound and voice to the human brain. In 1961, Allen Frey, a
biophysicist working for the DIA, reportedly experimented
with the concept that human beings are capable of hearing
microwave broadcasts. He advocated the idea of learning to
“stimulate the nervous system without the damage caused by
electrodes.” But, for UFO researchers, the most startling part
of his report came next. It was almost a throwaway line. In
his experiments, Frey said, subjects experienced the intercranial
microwave transmissions as humming, buzzing or knocking
sounds.11 As we will see in cases to follow, especially in the
case of Anne-Marie, abductees often hear a humming or
buzzing sound in their heads just prior to an abduction.
We can speculate that they are either hearing the UFO’s
power plant as the craft approaches, or the craft’s occupants
are transmitting messages of some kind directly into the
abductees’ brains.
As to abductee paralysis, it could be caused by muscular contractions from electric shock-possibly a general by-product of the UFO
power plants’ electromagnetic effect that stalls vehicles and stops
watches or by a more deliberately targeted and aimed form of shock to
the human electrical impulses. We simply don’t know. What we do
know is that abductees regularly report paralysis before and during the
abduction. In many reports, the person is temporarily paralyzed by a
light beam or object held in the alien’s hand. Richard M. Neal, Jr.,
M.D., hypothesizes that this effect is caused by “a selective type of
microwave irradiation [unknown to us] . . . [that sets up] a chain reaction in the Central Nervous System to affect only certain areas and
spare those that are essential to vital biological functions.”12
Simulating Human Reality
Our alien visitors have earthly company in their interest in these technologies. Today’s scientists are also experimenting with direct stimulation of the human sense organs. Often this work is done in conjunction
with that of creating virtual reality systems, such as a flight simulator,
where a pilot learns to fly a B-52 without ever leaving the ground. Many
versions of such systems exist today, from simulated road race games to
“war game” virtual reality projects sponsored by the Pentagon. This is
not just television-watching with a new name. A true virtual reality system is one in which the participant actually “enters” into the system and
touches objects, smells lavender or ocean air, and feels herself stride or
float toward the sound of a rock concert just around the corner. The
entire scenario would be achieved via artificial stimulation of her senses
by electrodes worn on the body.
Physicist David Deutsch suggests that we might already be living in
a massive virtual reality system without knowing it. He states that
sight, sound, smell, taste, weightlessness, and all other senses can, in
principle, be rendered artificially:
Eventually it will become possible to bypass the sense organs altogether and directly stimulate the nerves that lead from them to the
brain. . . . When we have understood the olfactory organs well
enough to crack the code in which they send signals to the brain
when they detect scents, a computer with suitable connections to
the relevant nerves could sent the brain the same signals. Then the
brain could experience the scents without the corresponding chemical ever having existed. Similarly, the brain could experience the
authentic sensation of weightlessness even under normal gravity.
And, of course, no televisions or headphones would be needed,
either.13
In a limited way-and without even needing to delve into classified
research-we can see that we already practice manipulation of the senses.
Take the problem of how to get the highest fidelity of sound-the most
faithful reproduction of what our auditory senses would experience if we
were there in the concert hall or recording studio. With the compact digital disc and the high quality of sound reproduction equipment, humans
have already come quite close to the necessary delicate techniques for
stimulating our auditory nerves into becoming “believers.”
Screen Memory
Knowing that comparison doesn’t imply proof of any kind-just possibility-let’s look at the idea that Budd calls “screen memory.” In case
after case of reported UFO abductions, the aliens appear to directly control the sights and sounds that the abductees perceive. One woman with
a history of paranormal experiences, “Margaret,” recalls that as a girl,
she would sometimes feel herself unexpectedly paralyzed. At the same
time she could see a raccoon sitting on the ledge of her window. The
only logical problem with this memory is that the “raccoon” was sitting
in a second-story apartment window in Queens, New York, with no
trees around to climb up and it was on the inside casement of the window ledge. Budd’s earlier hypnosis sessions with the same woman were
connected to totally different incidents, where she did recall alien
abduction experiences. It was only some time later that she casually
mentioned to us that she recalled the practically impossible animal on
her ledge. Budd has felt for many years that the UFO occupants in some
way control what the abductee sees, usually substituting a more benign,
common image (the raccoon) for something that might be more truly
disturbing and anomalous (the alien).
Neurologists tell us that our brains actually run on microelectric signals. We can hypothesize, then, that an advanced alien technology that
is actively giving off electromagnetic energy on many levels of the spectrum may be using one or more of those spectrums in a very targeted
way-to broadcast directly to the human brain. Depending on how
widely or narrowly the target beam was focused, anywhere from one to
unknown numbers of people could be affected. Perhaps only one
abductee “hears” or receives a brain signal to sit alone in the park for a
convenient rendezvous with a UFO. On some very different occasion,
might ETs or UFO occupants broadcast a command to large numbers of
inhabitants of a large city? In Witnessed, Budd reports that that is exactly
what seems to have happened to a crowd of dazed New Yorkers.14
A Hybrid Implant for Your Brain
Let’s flip the scenario and suppose that, rather than remote manipulation
of the human brain, aliens are able to discern the thoughts and feelings
of their involuntary human participants in this study or experiment
they have under way. If you find this idea to be entirely too sci-fi, consider some of our most severely handicapped citizens. The severely disabled have adapted quite easily to the idea that their brains are able to
both artificially receive and transmit some form of communication.
With miniature wireless electronic gadgets invading their bodies, these
disabled pioneers don’t bother to quibble about whether they are more
or less human than before. For years they’ve been collaborating with
scientists in an intimate way, using body or brain implants to interact
with and communicate with the world.15
A pioneering group of neurobiologists affiliated with Atlanta’s
Emory University have created a device that would acquire a signal
from inside the brain-a signal hardy enough to travel through wires
and manipulate objects in the outside world. The brain in question
belongs to a sixty-three-year-old contractor and musician, Johnny Ray,
who suffered a brain-stem stroke in 1997 so massive that it produced
what doctors call “locked-in syndrome.” Ray has virtually no moving
parts; he is trapped inside his body, with no way to interact with anyone
else. But his intellect and human desires continue, maddeningly, to
exist.16
One of the original team’s members, Roy Bakay, is now at
Rush–Presbyterian–St. Luke’s Medical Center in Chicago and devotes
his work to creating alternative brain-body interfaces. Although Bakay
describes his achievements modestly, the scenario sounds to me like
something from a posthuman, postmodern fiction: “We simply made a
hole in the skull right next to the ear, near the back end of the motor
cortex, secured our electrodes and other hardware to the bone so they
don’t migrate, and waited for a signal,” Bakay says. A signal, that is,
generated from inside Johnny Ray’s locked-in brain.
This particular implant development is a significant improvement
over a taped-on electrode such as those used in EEGs to monitor brain
waves. Ray’s implant, an intriguing hybrid of electronics and biology,
actually physically melds with his own brain tissue. Gold wires carry
signals back out, where they’re amplified so that others can access
them. Gradually doctors were able to codify a simple thought coming
from Ray-such as up or down, hot or cold-into electrical patterns
that changed as Ray’s thoughts changed. That signal from inside the
brain could then be turned by the doctors into a corresponding signal
that programmed a computer cursor. Eventually, Ray was able to reproduce his brain patterns so reliably that he could use the cursor to spell
and even generate musical tones.
But it gets better. Drs. Bakay and Kennedy had hoped that Ray’s
focused mental activity might cause some neurological changes. But
even they were surprised when Ray’s facial muscles and eyes began to
move as he entertained different thoughts. It wasn’t a magical cure; it
didn’t mean his paralysis had receded. But it did mean that Ray’s
thoughts about motion were now triggering clusters of motor neurons
into firing and new action. Even a devastatingly “locked-in” man could
reach out and be understood, just by having a thought.
If you’re an abductee or a researcher, the fact that this is technically
possible probably won’t surprise you. Let’s just hope it gains your
report of such communiqués a little more respect from the scientific
community.

The Little Ball That Spied on Sam
In many of Budd’s cases, I have heard abductees mention the fact that
occasionally, prior to an abduction, they would see a small, tennis-balllike object floating around their room or in an outdoor situation. Often
the ball seems to be glowing from inside without emitting any light in
an outward pattern, as a candle does. One person recalls the ball moving up and down her body, as if checking out her overall condition. In
Sam Washburn’s case, under hypnosis, the small floating orb felt quite
familiar to him. It seems to be something like a “smart ball,” a programmed or intelligently controlled object related to the much larger
craft hovering above.
We can theorize that these are miniature scout craft, sent out to
reconnoiter the situation and the people. Quite possibly, as we’ve discussed earlier, these devices may also perform some direct communications with the abductees-to-be. Sam seemed to have an idea that the
ball always hid him, making him invisible in some way we don’t
understand.
In an article from New Scientist, I ran across a piece of current
research that raises some interesting possibilities. Entitled “ ‘Smart
dust’ could soon be spying on you,” the article reports that a development
team at the University of California, Berkeley, is designing tiny “motes”
capable of communicating with each other. Only five millimeters long,
each mote is invisible to the eye but is large enough to hold a number
of microelectromechanical systems. Packed full of lasers, sensors, and
communications transceivers, the “smart dust” particles are wired up
to form a simple computer. The Berkeley team made the choice of this
optical communications system because optics require much less
energy than radio communications.17
If we may mix the benign with the more ominous uses, their range
of applications could be anything from weather monitoring to industrial espionage to spying on individuals-to whatever it was that Sam’s
ball did to him.
But where this new technology will really pay off is when these tiny
computers can be made even smaller. They will literally become dust-
small enough to stay suspended in air, buoyed by currents, sensing and
communicating with each other and home base for hours. The base
station will be a hand-held unit, the size of a pair of binoculars. In addition to making the computers smaller, the team plans to produce
“swarm behavior” by building distributed intelligence into the motes.
We’ve just explored some of mankind’s most recent and quite startling achievements: intelligent nanotechnology; virtual reality; remote
stimulation of human senses; a hybrid implant that melds electronics
with human brain tissue; direct transmission of messages to the brain
via microwaves; and more. When we compare these discoveries with
abductees’ reports of their experiences, it’s valid to speculate that some
of our own technologies are only a few steps behind that of the UFO
occupants.

==========================================================================
6.THE STRANGE CASE OF THE RELUCTANT FAUCETS

Katharina Wilson is an intelligent, sensitive, rather shy, but
thoroughly credible woman whom I have known for nearly fifteen
years. She has had numerous UFO abduction experiences, some of
which I helped her to explore and others that she has apparently
recalled without the aid of hypnosis. Despite her personal avoidance of
the spotlight, in 1993 she wrote a book, The Alien Jigsaw, documenting
her experiences and illustrating them with many of her own drawings.1
I contributed an introduction to her book, describing our initial meeting through a letter she had written to me in 1987 in which she
explained why she felt she was having abduction experiences. I went
on to write about our ensuing friendship and my early investigation of
her suspected UFO encounters.
Katharina and I have met several times since then at various UFO
conferences, and in a casual way we still keep in touch. It was at one of
these gatherings that she told me about the following unusual experience, and though I volunteered to carry out a hypnotic regression on
the incident, she declined. She said that for some reason she found this
particular experience to be unusually exhausting and emotional to deal
with, but said that perhaps one day she would change her mind and
want to explore it further.
It began on October 5, 1995, when Katharina departed from
Portland, Oregon, where she and her husband then lived, to fly to
Chicago, where she had been invited to speak at a local UFO conference. She told me that she began to “feel funny” on the plane, shortly
before it landed:
I remember there was a lady sitting in front of me, and she was
reading a book on Scientology. It wasn’t a book book, it was like a little study book, and I remember peeking between the two seats and
trying to read what she was reading, but I couldn’t quite make it out.
But I know the topic was Scientology and for some reason I immediately started thinking about the aliens. I can’t explain why. I don’t
know anything about Scientology except that it’s a cult [laughs]. But
there was just something about it that I connected with the ETs.
And that’s when everything started getting weird. My state was agitated and confused. Whatever happened later that day, I think it
began on the plane.
I saw the Scientology woman first from the side. She seemed like
an attractive, elegant older woman with pretty gray hair, and she
looked like she’d be really nice. I just felt that I’d like to get to know
her. Something about her made me think she would be nice and
loving, and so afterwards it seemed strange that I connected her
with the experiences in the airport. I don’t know what that part of it
all means. The whole thing was bizarre, like nothing I’d ever do.
We arrived at O’Hare a few minutes early, because I remember
looking at my watch and seeing that it was 2:10 Portland time. The
hostess of the conference, Mary Kerfoot, and her assistant “Judy
Williams” were supposed to meet me in the United Airlines luggage claim, so I was kind of in a hurry. I left the plane and walked
straight up to the women’s rest room near the gate. After I came out
of one of the stalls I looped the handle of my briefcase around my
wrist and walked over to the sink to wash my hands. I put soap on
them, but when I put my hands under the automatic water faucet,
nothing happened. The water wouldn’t come on. I tried the next
sink and the same thing happened.
There were other women around me and I noticed that when
they tried to use the sinks the water came on fine. I tried using the
same sinks the women had used, and several times I quickly placed
my hands under a faucet just after someone left it, when the water
was still running, but then it suddenly shut off.
I was beginning to feel somewhat panicked. I started thinking to
myself, I’m not registering. I’m not registering on the sensors. I started
thinking about Mary and how she was waiting for me at the baggage
claim, and how I couldn’t go down there with soap on my hands. It
was all very strange. Feeling helpless and even more panicked, I
stood in the middle of the rest room and looked at a young woman
who had light brown-blond hair, and I asked her, “Am I invisible or
something?” She looked in my direction but didn’t respond. I know
she must have heard me. You’d think she would have said something back.
She walked right past me and left the rest room. She didn’t run
into me, and I wouldn’t walk into her. Just when I became most
angry and panicked, I walked around her and went around the corner and I saw this baby-changing station. It was a little cubbyhole
and it had three sides. Only the back was open. And when I went in
there and saw the sink had a faucet with a regular hot and cold handle, everything was better. I turned on the water, washed my hands,
and left the rest room.
I asked Katharina if, when she was standing at the row of sinks, she
had looked at herself in the mirror.
Uh, yes, I think so. They have so many mirrors I must have seen
myself. I remember seeing another lady at my left, in the mirror.
She had dark hair. But all I wanted then was to get the soap off my
hands. I know I didn’t comb my hair or anything because then I had
soap all over me and I was really in a panic. Things didn’t feel right,
none of the sinks would work, and I was in a hurry.
After I left the rest room I saw some pay phones and remembered that I promised to call my husband after the plane landed.
Usually, I don’t call him till I get to my hotel room, but this time I
called him right away. I was extremely agitated, and the first thing
he said was, “I see your plane was late getting to Chicago.” I looked
at my watch and it read about 3:20 Portland time. I didn’t really
want to think about the fact that when we landed it was 2:10, and
now, just after my short trip to the ladies’ room, it was 3:20. I felt
really disoriented and afraid. I didn’t know what to say. I began complaining to my husband that you can never fly into or out of Chicago
and be on time. We only talked two or three minutes, and I remember feeling a little guilty because I was so frustrated and confused
during our conversation.
After I said good-bye I decided to walk to the baggage claim area,
but I don’t remember much of anything about getting there until I
was about ten yards from Mary and Judy. I remember being on a
second level. Everything was all yellowish tan. I don’t think it took
very long at all to get to there. I vaguely remember an escalator, but I
might just say that because there are two levels.
What I really remember after the phone call and being in the
bathroom is being in the luggage claim area and walking up behind
them and seeing my bags. I had a big red suitcase and a box of
books. It was really heavy. I was carrying my purse and my briefcase
with my slides in it: If everything gets lost, at least you have your
presentation. But there weren’t any people standing around the
carousel, and there were just my bags.
The police person had just taken them off the carousel, and I got
a little nervous ’cause there were no other bags around and she was
getting ready to take my things away. At that time they were worried
about bombs. I walked up to the security officer right at that moment
and said, “These are mine,” and then I walked up behind Mary and
Judy and they seemed to be staring out the window. I thought I’d
been gone fifteen minutes at the most after we landed, and I was
rushing to let them know I was there. I remember both of them turning around and being totally surprised that I was there. That’s when
Mary said, “It’s like you just appeared. Where did you come from?”
She said they had been waiting a long time, but I didn’t believe
her. I really felt bad because I was late, but I was kinda bothered
because I wasn’t late. Mary said she and Judy thought I had missed
the plane and were wondering what happened to me. I fudged and
told her that our plane had been vectored all over the place. “You can
never be on time at O’Hare.” I didn’t want her to know that I had
been in the rest room, trying to wash my hands. I looked at my
watch again and remember reading the time as 3:20 P.M. and experi-
encing a great amount of confusion. It was about the same time as
when I was talking to my husband on the phone.
Sometime later, when I talked to Mary by phone to try to get
the facts straight about what might have happened, she said that the
first thing I started talking about when we saw each other at the
baggage claim was that I had experienced a missing-time event
while I was in the women’s rest room. I don’t remember saying
this to Mary, but she is absolutely certain that I did. I find it unbelievable that I can’t remember talking about a missing-time event.
Mary said she thought, Well, Katharina is an abductee, so I guess it’s
possible.
During this same phone call, she was quick to tell me that she
and Judy do not believe I walked up to them as they sat on the bench
looking for me. She told me at least twice that to Judy and her, [I]
“appeared out of nowhere.” She said, “At first I refused to believe
that you were standing there behind us, because it seemed as if you
appeared out of nowhere.”
When I came back to O’Hare after the conference, I realized
there wasn’t anything familiar about the United Airlines terminal
area. Nothing was yellow-tan like I remembered: Everything was
blue, green, a totally different color scheme. I thought I was in a
totally different airport. I thought, I don’t remember this at all.
I think that something really bizarre happened that day, because
there is missing time, and the way it came. It felt the same as other
times, other UFO experiences I’ve had. Something happens and I
don’t remember it, and then all of a sudden there’s a trigger and it
all comes back. A lot of times I just remember a lot right afterward,
but other times there’s a trigger and then I remember. And then,
like this time, there’s a trigger but the memories don’t come back,
and you think, Oh, I know what this is. I’ve done this before. And in
the rest room that day I thought, What is this? I’m not afraid of
faucets, and that’s when it all clicked.
Mary Kerfoot, Katharina’s host for the conference, is a woman I
have recently come to know and respect for her intelligence and great
personal warmth. Two years ago Carol and I were privileged to be her
weekend guests when we traveled to Chicago to research another
abduction case. Recently, however, through a long telephone call, Mary
described to me the scene in the United Airlines baggage claim area
when Katharina suddenly appeared:
Judy and I were sitting on a bench. There was room for about three
people, but there weren’t any individual seats. The carousel for her
flight was near the end of the long room, and the escalator was on
the left. Katharina would have had to come from that direction. But
she came up behind us and was standing next to the carousel.
Neither Judy nor I commented to her about how really shocked we
were by the way that she just appeared. We just pretended that
everything was okay. We didn’t want to say anything upsetting.
What was more interesting is that Katharina seemed to be making a
major effort to find a rational explanation for being so late. She apologized and said, “Well maybe it’s because I stopped to call Eric,” and
then she seemed confused because she said they only talked for
about two or three minutes.
I wanted to say something about how this doesn’t make any
sense, but it seemed rude. I didn’t know her really well. We weren’t
intimate friends, but we were good enough friends that I could have
mentioned something, but I just didn’t want to upset her.
Judy and I were sitting right near the carousel and about twenty
feet or so from the back wall. Maybe not that far. There were no
more suitcases going around. We had been watching for her, and
there weren’t very many people at all in that part of the baggage
claim. I don’t know how she got there behind us without our seeing
her. It seemed impossible. And I don’t know why she didn’t call to
us first or wave or something. She just came up behind us directly.
It was just very odd, popping up behind someone and saying hello.
Judy and I commented that we both thought she just popped out of
the conveyor belt somehow. [Laughs]
She mentioned, too, about feeling like she was invisible or something in the bathroom, people treating her that way, and she couldn’t
get the faucets to operate. We knew immediately it was strange.
When I heard her behind me my first thought was, Oh, she was teleported here. [Laughs] I didn’t think of being invisible as suddenly
popping up.
Listening to Mary’s and Katharina’s accounts, I realized that
together they raised almost as many questions as they answered. But
the first issue to be considered is the period of about an hour of missing time that Katharina experienced immediately after landing at
O’Hare. The flight apparently arrived on time at around 2:10 P.M.,
according to Katharina’s watch. She walked into the ladies’ room, experienced difficulties with all the faucets, and then only a few minutes
later called her husband. At that point it was about 3:20, an hour and
ten minutes later. Since her perception was that only four or five minutes had passed between the two readings, it should have been only
about 2:15 when she phoned her husband.
Next, she has virtually no clear memories of the confusing trek from
her gate, through a very large terminal building, to the baggage claim
area and Mary and Judy. In answer to my question, she did not recall
having to look for and follow the signs which lead passengers through
a maze of hallways to the baggage claim. She recalls looking at her
watch when she arrived, and, remarkably, it still read about 3:20 P.M., as
if she had hung up the phone and arrived almost instantaneously at the
baggage claim area. For anyone who has faced the layout of O’Hare
Airport, that is an impossible feat.
Katharina’s attempt to explain her tardiness to her friends by claiming the plane was late made no sense. Had that been so, the other passengers would still be arriving at the carousel when she did. Mary and
Judy had no doubt that the plane had arrived on time-they had called
to inquire about its estimated arrival time before they left for the airport-but they also had watched everyone arriving at the carousel at the
proper time and picking up their luggage. They are certain they had
waited for an hour or so for Katharina, concluding finally that she had
missed the plane. Mary told me that she was so concerned, she checked
with United Airlines, and a clerk assured her Katharina had been on
the plane and had disembarked along with the other passengers.
And so, if Katharina Wilson, an abductee with a lifetime of UFO
encounters, was abducted during that hour-long period of missing
time, how did the aliens remove her unseen from a crowded airport
terminal? The answer, by now, should be obvious. At some moment
shortly before or after she deplaned, she must have been rendered
“unseeable,” and yet so far as she was concerned, nothing was differ-
ent-other than her deepening sense of panic. It was probably just
after her trip to the restroom (2:10 P.M.) that the aliens took her from
the building, and the abduction itself must have ended just before she
made her phone call to her husband (3:20 P.M.). Yet, it would seem that
her state of invisibility was still in effect, along with alien control, until
she was quickly transported to a nearly vacant part of the baggage claim
area, behind Mary and Judy, where she suddenly became fully visible
again.
As I have said, there are many unanswered questions about the precise qualities of her state of invisibility. First, when I asked if she
recalled seeing herself in the mirror as she went from sink to sink, she
said she thought she would have seen herself because there were so
many mirrors around the room. However, Katharina mentioned seeing
only the reflection of a dark-haired woman using the sink to her left. I
found this response interesting but inconclusive. And then, if she did
see her own reflection, would the other women have also seen it-the
reflection in the mirror of an invisible person in their midst? That
seems highly unlikely. And if Katharina herself did not notice her own
reflection, should we regard the mirror as being like the situation of
the Washburns’ camera, in which the film was unable to register their
images?
Also, there is the matter of sound. Katharina said that when she
asked a young woman, “Am I invisible or something?” the woman was
looking in her direction but didn’t respond. “I know she must have
heard me,” Katharina said. “You’d think she would have said something back.” Did the young woman hear a detached, sourceless voice
only a few feet away? It would seem that if she had heard the question
asked in a disembodied voice undeniably close by, she would have
paused nervously and looked all around her. The fact that Katharina
said she glanced in her direction but didn’t respond is interesting but
possibly coincidental. Had the young woman seemed suddenly frightened, glancing frantically around the room, it would have been a much
clearer indication that she had indeed heard Katharina’s question.
At the heart of Katharina’s experience is the fact that she did not
“register” on any of the automatic sensors controlling the water
faucets. It was this vivid and unexpected mass malfunction in the
world of electromagnetic devices that led her to think for the first time
that she was no longer physically visible. However, if she was indeed
invisible, her body worked properly, efficiently affecting its surroundings. She used the toilet, opened and shut doors, carried her briefcase,
worked the soap dispenser, and finally was able to turn a faucet in the
baby-changing area to clean the soap off of her hands. And yet, during
all this, she was apparently unable to register as a physical presence
before an entire row of otherwise normally functioning sensors.
This presents the same kind of enigmatic “contradiction” we found
in Sam Washburn’s ability to work a camera and actually take pictures
while he himself was in a similar state of invisibility. Washburn looked
through the camera lens and saw his wife and sons, but they did not
show up on the developed film. As we have seen, their absence from
the pictures reinforces the idea that while he was photographing his
family, Sam, his wife, and his sons were all presumably invisible to
every other person at the playground. Could it be, then, that in the airport rest room Katharina saw her reflection in the mirror just as Sam
Washburn saw his family, but, like the playground visitors, the women
standing at nearby sinks could not see her image in the mirror? Does
the bathroom mirror, like the Kodak film, demonstrate the mindnumbing, almost impossible complexity of the invisibility process?
At this point in our examination of this phenomenon, I confess that
these issues are beyond my understanding. I leave to Carol the seemingly insurmountable task of sorting out these intertwined philosophical, neurological and physical-science problems.
But a few more mundane observations about the psychological reactions the women have described are definitely in order. First, it seems
to me that Mary and Judy’s reluctance to question Katharina very
closely when she first appeared makes a great deal of sense. They were
undoubtedly aware that she was extremely nervous and uneasy and
had no explanation for her hour-long delay. She was, after all, their
guest, a speaker at their conference, and polite consideration of her
feelings would dictate that they would not press her on the reasons she
had made them wait for an hour, then startled them by turning up so
suddenly.
Likewise, Katharina’s desire to come up with a plausible explanation
obviously coexisted with her need to vent a little of her shock and confusion to her friends. And so she did both: She said she was late
because the plane was late, and then, amazingly, she said she had
seemed to be invisible in the ladies’ room. Her helplessness and her
edge of panic would have led Mary and Judy to calmly go about getting
her luggage together-Mary rented a cart-and then leaving the building as soon as possible to drive to the hotel. Questions about what
really happened could come later.
All of this behavior seems, in retrospect, to be what one might have
expected if Katharina’s experiences were as she described. All of the
details of the womens’ accounts seem inherently truthful and far less
gaudy and sensational than they would almost inevitably have been in
an invented tale. For example, the important detail of the bothersome
soap on Katharina’s hands is nevertheless as dull-and as realistic-a
detail as one can conceive.
And so once again we are left with a situation in which all of the evidence supports the “impossible” idea that UFO occupants can at least
temporarily control the physical visibility of themselves, their craft, and
their abductees. With this extraordinary technology, the covert daytime
abduction of Katharina Wilson from America’s busiest airport was as
problem-free an operation as the abduction of Betty and Barney Hill
from a car on a lonely mountain highway in the dead of night.

======================================================================
7. HOW TO EXPLAIN KATHARINA?

At this point in our scientific paradigm, it would be absurd
for me to make any attempt at a definitive statement about
Katharina Wilson’s experience in the world as we know it. As we see so
often with the UFO phenomenon, our current scientific understanding
of the universe is totally incapable of explaining certain areas of human
experience. Without any ready tools with which to examine these experiences, mainstream science tends to ignore paranormal and anomalous experiences such as telepathy, precognition, and any form of
mystical experience-including near-death experiences or a feeling of
oneness with the universe-no matter how often reported. Michael
Talbot, in his influential book The Holographic Universe, quotes Willis
Harman, former senior social scientist at Stanford Research Institute
International:
Why don’t we assume that any class of experiences or phenomena
that have been reported, through ages and across cultures, has a
face validity that cannot be denied?1
Harman feels this acceptance is crucial not only to the development
of science but, more importantly, to the ultimate survival of
humankind. Throughout Talbot’s work, as well as that of many
respected scientists such as physicist Hal Puthoff and former astronaut
Edgar Mitchell, there is the dawning urgency that scientific material110
ism-“What you see is what you get”-has blinded us to the fact that
the physical world is only a small part of the greater reality around us.
By our social and academic insistence on clinging so tightly to this current model of the world, we leave claw marks on the familiar, even as it
slips away. By this clinging, we are willing ourselves into a static
poverty of the mind and spirit.
Many physicists believe there are subtle energies still unknown to
science, perhaps at a subquantum level beyond the atom. David Bohm,
a protégé of Einstein’s and one of the world’s most respected physicists, is one of them. Using the holographic, 3-D image as a metaphor,
Bohm suggests that what we think of as “reality”-the tangible aspects
of our everyday lives-is actually a kind of illusion. Underneath this
appearance is a deeper order of existence, a primary level of reality that
is the source of all of our being, the originator of all of the objects of
our reality-just as a snippet of holographic film gives rise to the realistic 3-D hologram. Bohm refers to this ground under all reality as the
implicate, or enfolded, order. He states: “The implicate order has many
levels of subtlety. If our attention can go to those levels of subtlety, then
we should be able to see more than we ordinarily see.”2
In looking at Katharina Wilson’s troubling, confusing experience at
O’Hare Airport, we may speculate about an abduction, or a changeable
human energy field, even the possibility of teleportation, although we
currently possess a limited knowledge of such subjects. Her experience
that day appears to bear some relevance to one or more of these somewhat disparate ideas. But attempting to explain the incident definitively
with these tentative concepts would be like a child struggling to build a
toy cabin with the major beams of the Lincoln Log set missing.
In an attempt to locate the “major beams,” we will look at several
leading-edge technologies and draw some analogies to the physicality
problems presented by Budd’s “Strange Case of the Reluctant Faucets.”
How Smart Are Those Sensors, Anyway?
A first rule of research is to eliminate the mundane by finding the most
ordinary resolution to the problem. If that explanation is unsatisfactory,
move on to the next reasonable cause and explore that, and so on. It
wouldn’t be logical or true to the principles of scientific discovery to
bypass those nuts-and-bolts possibilities before reaching for the more
exotic explanation.
So, in this case, I started with the faucets in the O’Hare Airport
bathroom that wouldn’t respond to Katharina’s need to wash the soap
off her hands. Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to discover the manufacturer of the equipment in that particular women’s room on that date.
But by exploring the wide variety and types of equipment, we know
what issues would be relevant to “reluctant” faucets.
I began by studying a diagram from a troubleshooting guide for
automatic faucets: It’s support material from one of dozens of
American manufacturers of automatic sanitation equipment, which
we’ve all used in public facilities countless times. When you stand at
the sink, the infrared sensors at the base of the faucet go to work,
quickly, invisibly, and usually reliably. Some sensors are designed to
detect movement; some to detect heat. The most effective ones, heat
sensors, measure the radiation temperature of your body to determine
whether you’re a human candidate ready for spritzing. Any object that
generates heat also generates radiation, including the human body.
Our skin is nearly an ideal radiator in the infrared range, which makes
it relatively easy to set up a rest room’s automatic sensor to do its job.
When the human range of radiation temperature is sensed, the sensor
turns the water on; the sensors turn the water off after the body (heat)
moves away. Using timed sensors keeps the water from running too
long when people linger in front of the sink and mirror.
There are a number of obvious technical problems that could
explain the faucet’s nonreaction to Katharina. Some automatic faucets
are battery-powered; perhaps the batteries were low. But Katharina said
she stepped right up behind other women using running water, indicating operative equipment. When she stood before the sensors, the
water stopped. Nor is it likely that batteries for all the sinks ran down,
simultaneously, in that brief interim. Katharina had tried different
sinks, each time with the same result.
Other sanitation equipment is run off direct electrical current. If we
posit that the electrical system was broken, we’re left with the same logical problem as above. If the faucets worked for other physically pres-
ent women, why not for Katharina, just seconds behind them? This
same question applies to all the other troubleshooting suggestions
given to me by a manufacturer-cleaning the diaphragm, stretching
the solenoid spring, etc.
Now let’s add to that problem with the faucets the fact that the
woman Katharina spoke to directly did not respond to her in any way.
On one hand, that might not be a significant detail. The encounter happened in an airport rest room, after all. Perhaps the other woman was
an international traveler and didn’t speak English. But complete disregard of a troubled question directed at one in close quarters isn’t the
way most people, no matter the language barrier, normally respond.
There would be a look, a headshake, an “Excusez-moi, je ne comprends
pas,” at the very least. From the entire set of circumstances, we can
infer that Katharina was, for all practical purposes, invisible and
inaudible in that ladies’ room.
Budd and Katharina both suspect an abduction experience happened to her that day, beginning with her feeling of unease on the
plane itself and her attraction to a woman reading an L. Ron Hubbard
paperback-a pleasant, gray-haired woman Katharina was thinking
she’d like to know. The missing hour is another indicator that
Katharina’s day had not proceeded along the same time line as the
other travelers. What we don’t know is whether Katharina was in the
rest room before or after the abduction experience: This might be crucial
in attempting to tie any invisibility technology to this incident.
If Katharina was abducted and then deposited back in the women’s
rest room in O’Hare, perhaps she was temporarily “stalled” in the
state of invisibility, or cloaking that made her abduction from a
crowded airport possible in the first place. Based on this premise,
consider this possibility: Katharina was invisible to both the infrared
sensor and the human eye because, during those few minutes
between the rest room and the luggage terminal, she was not a lightabsorbing body at all-neither in the visible human range nor infrared
(the range for which the sensor was set). She might have been invisible like glass: Light passed right through her. An exotic explanation, to
be sure, but one that is theoretically possible according to modern-day
physics.
New Experiments with Transparency
It’s certainly possible that Katharina’s “invisibility” in the airport
rest room had some ordinary explanation that we haven’t considered. But it is also conceivable that her physical transparency was
analogous to actions of quantum physics that even astrophysicists
had not imagined until a few years ago.
Researchers have recently reported in the journal Nature that
certain opaque substances can be made transparent-essentially
invisible-when specially treated. Their experiments relate to two
new phenomena in physics: the slowing down of light under laboratory conditions, and a complex phenomenon in certain gases
called electromagnetically induced transparency (EIT).3
A team of physicists at the Harvard Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics have built on experiments in 1999 that slowed light
down from its normal speed of 186,000 miles a second to 38 miles
an hour. The next round of experiments slowed light in a gas called
rubidium, which is opaque because it naturally absorbs the dark-red
laser light used by the team. But when they shined a second laser
with a different frequency through the gas, the scientists rendered
it transparent. This is due to “the EIT effect,” a quantum property in
which the two lasers create a “beat frequency”-similar to what
happens to two tuning forks that simultaneously sound slightly different notes.
The atoms of the rubidium gas don’t easily absorb that new
frequency (or light wave), so it lets the light pass right through. In
other words, the gas becomes transparent. The light has actually
been brought to a stop and stored completely in the atoms of the
gas. “Essentially, the light becomes stuck in the medium, and it
can’t get out until the experimenters say so,” said one of the
researchers.4
We know that if something happens on a subatomic level, it is
conceivable that a similar process can occur in the world visible to
our senses. We can only wonder if Katharina might have been
impacted by EIT in some way that we simply cannot yet understand.
Blackbodies
Another possible, related explanation for Katharina’s frustration with the
inert sensors involves a main principle of quantum physics: blackbody
radiation. In 1800 an English astronomer, Sir William Herschel, noticed
something surprising as he was using a prism to spread sunlight into a
swath of colors. When he moved a blackened thermometer across the
color spectrum, he found that the temperature heated up as he moved
toward the red end of the spectrum. Maximum heating occurred far
beyond the red end of the visible light spectrum-in the invisible spectrum we now call “infrared.” Eventually, Herschel’s discovery would lead
to another relevant discovery: that all objects radiate infrared energy-all,
that is, except objects with a temperature of absolute zero.
So where does the idea of a “blackbody” enter into the picture? Let’s
back up a moment and consider how different materials absorb radiation. This is important to our discussion, because how much energy is
radiated, and at which wavelengths, depends on the surface of an
object-its temperature and how effectively it radiates energy. Some
materials, like glass, hardly absorb any light: Light goes right through,
making such a material effectively invisible. On a shiny metallic surface, light isn’t absorbed, either, but that doesn’t cause transparency.
The light is simply reflected, or reradiated. But in the case of totally
black material like soot, heat and light are almost totally absorbed and
the material becomes quite warm as it transfers energy from the light
into heat. Max Planck was the first scientist to develop an equation to
model the existence of a blackbody as an object that absorbs almost all
incoming light and then emits any energy from that exchange at all
wavelengths. His discovery, one of the most important in the field of
physics, also established that blackbodies, as good absorbers of radiation, are also good emitters of radiation.5
Evidence gathered over the past fifty years clearly indicates that the
aliens employ technologies more advanced than our own. Let’s hypothesize that, in Katharina’s case, they had the ability to manipulate the
very particles of her human body, altering their normal ability to radiate
energy. In effect, Katharina’s alien abductors would have temporarily
changed her into a being with a radiation frequency similar to a blackbody’s-almost completely absorbing light and then reemitting it.
Wouldn’t she then be setting off the automatic infrared sensors all over
the airport rest room? No, and for a rather simple reason: Our theoretical blackbody gives off its energy at all wavelengths.6 Consider how
confusing that would be for the mass-produced, inexpensive sensors
used in public facilities. They come preset to detect the normal human
body’s radiation level, energy, and wavelength. Any blackbody object-
emitting levels traveling all over, from left to right of the senors’ simple
task-would most likely elicit confusion from the sensors and an
inability to respond with a flow of water.
Blackbody theory as a form of invisibility can only be laid out as a
possibility, one that we don’t yet know how to manage, technically
speaking. The next concept involves a human technology that is only a
little further along in development than the theory of blackbodies.
However, it has been realized in several limited applications, much to
the astonishment of the scientific world.
Teleportation: Extra-Aerial Transport at O’Hare?
“We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves,”
said Norbert Wiener, a major figure in the history of molecular biology.
The most crucial aspect about any organism isn’t whether it dressed in
vintage clothing, made a lovely mousse, or loved pug dogs. To Wiener,
the most important aspect was the memory of an organism’s form, the
information about its structure and process. This memory of form, he
believed, was what continued on in the organism’s transmittal of genes
and during cell division. Wiener was quite sure that scientists would
one day be able to transmit a human being from one place to another
simply by transmitting his or her informational pattern. Keep in mind
that this was an idea from the 1950’s, long before Star Trek began
“beaming up” the crew of the starship Enterprise.7
Wiener and his colleagues went on to explore the idea that,
metaphorically and actually, we humans are nothing but manifestations
of information-like heaven and earth and everything in between. Later
writers, like Michael Talbot, would concur: “The body is an energy construct and ultimately may be no more substantive than the energy field
in which it is embedded.”8
That was the idea that would influence so many creative thinkers,
both in the arts and the sciences. Teleportation was the name that science fiction writers gave to the concept that a person or object could be
made to disintegrate in one place, while a perfect replica appeared
somewhere else. Think fax machine when you think of a teleportation
machine, but one that would work on 3-D objects as well as documents-one that would produce an exact copy of the original but would
destroy the original in the process of scanning and teleporting it to
another place.
Until recently the idea of teleportation wasn’t taken seriously by
most scientists, mainly because it appeared to violate the uncertainty
principle of quantum mechanics. This principle states that you can
never precisely measure both where something is and how fast it is
moving-not at the same time, that is. And without this precise
description of the object you want to teleport, fashioning a replica of it
seems impossible.
Then, just as a science problem appears bleakly impenetrable, our
old mantra kicks in again: Science is always a work in progress. And,
thankfully, the scientific playing field is positioned with some unorthodox thinkers looking for an end run around accepted principles. As
recently as a month before this writing, a discovery about quantum
entanglement was made that changed many people’s ideas about the
validity of “Beam me up, Scotty.”
“From One Quantum State to Another, It’s Shades of Star Trek” and
“Teleporting Larger Objects Becomes Real Possibility”9 read some very
recent newspaper headlines. For the first time, the fantasy of teleporting molecules and atoms-and also larger objects-has entered the
realm of the possible. Physicists have developed a method that in theory could be used to “entangle” absolutely any kind of particle. One day
this could allow the teleportation of objects by transferring their properties instantly from one place to another.10
A bizarre property of physics, quantum entanglement, allows two
particles to behave as one, no matter how far apart they are. Changes
that occur to one particle instantly alter the other. For example, physicists can entangle two photons-particles of light-so that the measurable electric fields of each will point in the same direction. Measuring
the whereabouts and state of one photon gives the orientation of the
other: The photons appear to instantly communicate with each other,
and the moment they are observed or measured in any way, they suddenly collapse into one reality, behaving as one photon. This phenomenon defies common sense and makes some scientists very uneasy.
Even Albert Einstein, the father of quantum mechanics, wasn’t comfortable with the idea. He called it “spooky action at a distance.”11
Entanglement of atoms in a gas called cesium is the most recent
experiment-and the first time that a quantum connection had been
created between between two such tiny objects. A group of scientists at
the University of Aarhus in Denmark reported that they had entangled
trillions of cesium atoms, divided into two clouds. They shot a laser
beam through the first cloud, causing a measurable tilt in the oscillating electric field of the atoms. When the laser then passed through the
second cloud, the electric fields tilted some more.12
What happened next was a “trick” that the scientists pulled on
nature, since they’re not allowed by quantum mechanics to look at the
clouds without destroying their separateness. The scientists measured
the final tilt in the second cloud, which instantly entangled the atoms
of Cloud One with those of Cloud Two.
The first two clouds then became a pair of secret encoder and
decoder rings for finding and revealing-in a different place-a message carried by a third cesium cloud. Cloud Three-and its message-
became entangled with Cloud One by a second laser beam, thus mangling the message, which essentially disappeared. But when one
scientist transmitted information about the laser to a recipient, a beam
identical to the second one could be constructed. And when the sender
shot that duplicate beam back through the entangled cloud, there was a
match from both sides between lasers and clouds. Suddenly the message reappeared in yet another cloud. A cluster of atoms containing
information had just been “teleported” from one place to another.
These new findings have caused some knitted brows and quiet reconsideration of the teleportation issue. If teleportation actually exists in
some form, it would entail transporting not matter (your body, say) but
the complete set of information about you, every molecule of you, in such
a way that the original information in the first location is destroyed.
But science fiction fans will have to be quite patient. None of the scientists working on this problem expect to be able to teleport people in
the foreseeable future-mainly for engineering reasons, not because it
would violate any fundamental laws of nature to do so. The comparatively mundane applications being discussed at this point revolve
around developing unbreakable encryption techniques and building
quantum computers.
But what if a visiting alien civilization has overcome the engineering
problems of teleporting matter? After all, if something is possible on the
subatomic level (which it now is), there isn’t too big a jump of logic to
believe that, given the right technologies and knowledge, it would be
possible for a much larger object to exhibit the same behavior.
In other words, perhaps Mary Kerfoot, Katharina’s host for the talk,
was more correct than she knew when she laughingly told Budd about
Katharina’s appearance in the luggage area of the airport: “It was just
very odd, [her] popping up behind someone and saying hello. Faith and
I commented that we both thought she just popped out of the conveyor
belt somehow. [Laughs] When I heard her behind me my first thought
was ‘Oh, she was teleported here.’ ”
It’s worth considering. The mind boggles at the potential implications and applications of such a technology-military, of course; sexual
trysts, without doubt; spying and espionage of all sorts; getting the
business drop on competition; popping in from Istanbul for your
mother’s birthday in Brooklyn; or being abducted by a UFO in broad
daylight out of a major American airport.

==========================================================================
8. THE RIPPLING WINDOW

Just before Christmas in the year 2000, Carol and I made a multipurpose 
trip to the Chicago area to visit her family, to spend some
time basking at the Chicago Art Institute among the Cézannes and
Matisses, and to investigate several interconnected UFO abduction
reports. With regard to the subject matter of this book, we had been
quite reticent about discussing it with anyone, and at the time of our
Chicago trip the manuscript only existed in skeletal form. But, as often
happens, valuable new information about a subject we are currently
researching suddenly appears serendipitously. And so it did during our
Chicago stay. Entirely by accident, valuable new information about the
issue of UFO and abductee invisibility came to light from a reliable
source.
While looking into a complex multiple abduction case that involved
a former military officer and several other people, we met “Maggie.”
Maggie is a married, middle-aged businesswoman who, rather than
making exaggerated claims, struck me as being somewhat hesitant,
even self-effacing when she described her UFO experiences. One of
these was a joint abduction with the Army officer whose various
accounts we were primarily investigating.
When I first interview possible abductees, I employ a series of subtle, covert tests designed to measure their credibility, and both Maggie
and the officer passed without the slightest problem. There is no need
here to go into the details of their recollections beyond saying that,
throughout our work together, I found absolutely no reason to doubt
the veracity of either person. In fact, I judged them to be people of
great natural integrity.
Carol and I ultimately spent several days looking into their shared and
individual UFO experiences, conducting interviews and hypnotic regression sessions, and examining the sites of certain of their encounters. But
then one evening lightning struck. As several of us were driving to a local
restaurant for dinner, I asked Maggie if she recalled any odd childhood
experiences that she thought, in retrospect, might be imperfectly recalled
UFO abduction encounters. Somewhere amidst the things she said in
reply was an offhand remark that riveted our attention.
“I have a friend named Joyce,” she said, “who told me that when we
were teenagers she watched me disappear, right before her eyes. And
then she saw me return, but I don’t remember anything about what
might have happened to me that day. She didn’t even tell me until years
later that she’d once watched me disappear.”
As coolly as I could, despite my immediate and intense curiosity, I
asked for more details.
“At that time,” she replied, “when I was in high school, I was having
these experiences of feeling that I’d been taken at night from my room
by somebody, and I was often pretty frightened. But I didn’t connect
any of it with UFOs-not till years later.”
Other than Joyce’s statement that it happened during their teenage
years, Maggie could not pinpoint the time of her apparently sudden
disappearance, a problem that, for me, was most unfortunate. It is
almost always useless, I believe, to employ hypnosis with a subject who
recalls no date, no time, or no specific conscious memories of an event
allegedly witnessed by another party. But, luckily for us, Joyce, the firsthand witness, also lived in the Chicago area, and she and Maggie had
remained close friends for perhaps thirty years, speaking frequently on
the telephone.
In answer to my questions, Maggie described her friend as sensible,
grounded, and not given to any special interest in the UFO phenomenon. I learned that Joyce was married and a mother, and although she
was not highly educated, she was emotionally stable and economically
comfortable. Throughout the interview I had with her a day or so later,
I found nothing to suggest that she was particularly imaginative or
given to wide-ranging speculation. What she saw the day when her
friend vanished before her eyes had apparently been so startling that
from that time forward she more or less willed herself to forget all
about it, stowing it away on some shelf in the back of her mind.
Surprisingly, that “burying” reaction is more common than one
might think. When a bizarre, previously unthinkable event is witnessed by someone like Joyce who is neither intellectually curious nor
well read, and whose self-esteem is not very strong, that person will
often keep the experience to herself rather than report it and run the
risk of invoking ridicule and disbelief. There was no doubt to me that
what Joyce witnessed that day had frightened her: She did not understand how it could have happened and seemed not to have the words to
describe it in a way that would make it plausible. It was safer, she must
have felt, to keep it to herself.
A day or so after Maggie informed me of what her friend had seen,
Joyce and I talked by telephone. The following is a slightly edited version of the transcript of the conversation:
Joyce: You know, I never told anybody about this before I told
Maggie, because I thought I was losing my mind. We were the same
age at the time, about fifteen or sixteen, sophomores or juniors in
high school. It was the summer because I remember it was green
out, and we were at Maggie’s house, upstairs in her bedroom. It was
daytime.
Well, Maggie was out on this little sundeck she had off her bedroom, and I was inside looking out at her and she just disappeared! It
looked so strange. It’s hard to describe how she looked. Do you
remember years ago when they first came out with plastic windows?
You know how thick that plastic was? Well, when she disappeared, it
was like somebody was wiggling that heavy plastic in front of her. She
just vanished. And I thought, okay, what’s this?-you know? And I
blinked my eyes and rubbed my eyes and turned away and when I
turned around she was back! I don’t know if I turned around right
away, but I did at some point, and she was back. The closest I can come
to how she looked when she disappeared is how things look if you hold
that heavy plastic up and kind of ripple it a little, wiggle it a little bit.
BH: When she was back again, what did you say to her?
Joyce: Well, when she came back in the bedroom-I wasn’t out on
the porch with her-she didn’t say anything and I didn’t say anything because I thought I was nuts! And I’m not even sure if she
knew she did it.
BH: Apart from thinking you’re losing your mind or losing your eyesight
or something, what were your feelings at the time you watched her disappear?
Joyce: I don’t know . . . just the feeling that you would have if something just disappeared and then popped up in front of you. We
weren’t that far apart. She was right outside the window and I was
inside, in her bedroom. You know, I closed my eyes and rubbed
them and turned my back to the window and then, when I turned
back, she was there. I don’t know what I felt, actually. I was kind of
scared.
BH: Did she seem to do this disappearing all at once or did one part of
her disappear first and . . .
Joyce: Well, I guess . . . I guess it would be all at once because she
kind of like rippled, but that’s not a good word. It’s the only one I
can think of. It looked a little like when you’re driving along a highway and seeing the heat rippling on the road.
BH: When you saw her on the sun porch in the daytime and she disappeared, was there anyplace she could have gone?
Joyce: No, not unless she jumped off. It was the second floor. And
then she’d have to fly back up.
BH: Do you have any idea of how much time might have passed between
the time you saw her disappear and the time you turned back around
and saw her again?
Joyce: No, not really. Because, like I told you first of all, I was a kid
and I thought I was losing my mind.
Anyway, I’m going to guess that it was not a short time, but not a
long time, either. Maybe a couple of minutes, because I didn’t
believe my eyes. That’s why I turned around. And then I turned
back again, and there she was.
BH: Do you think that when you saw her disappear, you might have
called out to her, like “Where did you go, Maggie?” or something like
that?
Joyce: I don’t remember doing it. But I don’t think she would have
heard me anyway.
BH: So you’re facing her direction, but when she disappears, you turn
away, and then you turn back to face where she’d been, and she’s there
again. Now, it seems to me that often, when you see something very
strange, you may intensify your gaze. You might squint and stare, but
why would you turn away? When you think back on the fact that you
turned away, does it seem like the sort of thing you would have done
under the circumstances?
Joyce: It sounds like something I might do because I’d do it today.
I’d turn away and then look back, you know.
BH: At the time it happened, that day, did you tell anybody, like your
mother or another friend, about this weird thing that happened to
Maggie?
Joyce: I only told my sister, but she was younger-three years
younger than me-and she just didn’t pay any attention.
BH: Did you ever see anything else strange happening involving Maggie
when you were younger?
Joyce: Well, no, not really, except that she used to talk about how
she felt-she used to talk to Sandra, too, that was her other
friend-about how she would feel. Sometimes she would say she
had the strangest feeling that somebody came and got her the night
before.
BH: Did you or Maggie ever discuss UFOs at the time?
Joyce: No. But a few years ago, when she first talked about her UFO
experiences, I got to thinking: Maggie’s not one to make up stories.
We don’t drink or do drugs, and I got to wondering about it and you
go back and think, Maybe that’s what it was about . . . UFOs . . . the
time she disappeared.
Much more can be said about this incident, and much more needs
to be investigated. Joyce is not eager to try hypnosis, and so this case is
currently at something of a dead end. But when we examine what she
was able to recall, and when we consider her emotions and reactions at
the time of the incident, there are valuable insights to be gained.
First, and most immediately significant, is the credibility of Joyce’s
testimony. She made no attempt to change or embellish her account,
even though I asked the same questions in slightly different form at
various points in an interview (which was longer and more repetitive
than the edited version above). There is also something convincingly
modest and “everyday” in the way she described the way Maggie looked
as she disappeared, “rippling” as if she were being viewed through
thick plastic window covers. Had Joyce been making things up and
seeking to attract attention, she surely could have invented a simile a
little more interesting or exotic than plastic window covers. Special
effects in sci-fi films and television would provide many possible prototypes far more wondrous than thick commercial plastic.
Also, there is the way Joyce presents herself in her account. Rather
than giving herself a dramatic or even central role, she appears to be
not only passive and marginal but frightened and confused. “I was a
kid,” she said, “and I thought I was losing my mind.” When I asked if
she had said anything to Maggie when she reappeared, if she been
making things up, she could have used my question as an opportunity
to invent an interesting dialogue. Instead, she portrayed herself as
silent, shy, and uncertain, saying nothing about what she had observed.
And when she later told her little sister about it, the younger girl “didn’t
pay any attention.” This is hardly the way one glamorizes one’s role in
reporting a dramatic incident, yet it has the ring of truth when one
imagines a twelve-year-old hearing such a bizarre and unbelievable
statement from her fifteen-year-old sister.
If we speculate as to what actually happened that day to Maggie and
Joyce, it is easy to imagine that just prior to her abduction, Maggie had
been rendered “unseeable” while her friend watched. (An alien slipup? A deliberate demonstration?) Then, a moment or so later, Joyce
was switched off until the abduction was over and Maggie was
returned. Since it is clear that Joyce has no firm idea of how much time
passed between her friend’s disappearance and reappearance, there
could have been a minute between the two, or an hour, or any other
period of time. People recovering from a switched-off state generally
perceive no time loss at all-unless they check a watch or clock, or it is
suddenly dark out-and so naturally they assume that events were continuous. It is surely plausible, then, that Joyce may have stood for quite
some time in Maggie’s bedroom before she turned around and once
more saw her friend. We will undoubtedly never know.
To summarize: Here, in Joyce’s testimony, we have a third kind of
evidence for an alien technology of invisibility: eyewitness testimony
from an independent, outside observer. I began the argument for the
presence of the invisibility technology by citing three examples from
among thousands of relevant abduction cases that establish by implication the functional necessity for temporary alien-UFO-abductee invisibility;
1. Molly and her brother floating unseen from their bedroom
window into a huge UFO hovering over their building in a
busy neighborhood in broad daylight, and then being
returned to the ground outside their house, again unseen.
2. Marianne and Angie being taken unseen from their suburban
Queens house up into a UFO, again in daylight, and being
returned, still unseen, as police, neighbors and Angie’s
mother searched for them.
3. And finally Air Force noncoms Dennis and B.J. being abducted
unseen from their firetruck parked on the tarmac at an Air Force
base, in full view of the control tower and other Air Force personnel.
These three cases are excellent examples of why researchers have
come to believe that the only way abductions could take place under
these circumstances is if the entire operation, craft, crew, and abductees
were somehow unseeable. This is the argument for invisibility based on
implication.
But then we have gone on to support this implication by outlining
three more abduction cases, each of which presents a more direct kind
of evidence:
1. First, there are the Washburn photographs, taken while the
four family members were apparently invisible, which show
the settings in which they were posing in a busy playground
on a Saturday afternoon, but which also demonstrate the fact
that they themselves did not register on the film.
2. This bizarre physical evidence is followed by the Katharina
Wilson case, in which she became aware, in a women’s rest
room at O’Hare International Airport, of her own invisibility
because of the behavior of other women who were apparently
unable to see or hear her, and because of her inability to affect
the sensors on any of the water taps at the lavatory sinks. Her
sudden appearance before her friends, who should have seen
her approach, indicates her instant return to a visible state.
3. Finally, with Joyce, we have the eyewitness testimony of an
independent outside party who watched the process of invisibility occur when her friend Maggie vanished before her eyes.
I present these six cases, not with the idea that I have thereby proved the
existence of an alien technology of invisibility, but in the belief that
cumulatively these cases provide enough credible, coherent, and mutu-
ally supportive evidence to demand the attention of UFO researchers,
scientists, military leaders and open-minded citizens everywhere. The
possibility that aliens possess this kind of technology should leave all of
us profoundly uneasy. We should demand nothing less than a thorough
scientific investigation of the UFO abduction phenomenon and all that
it implies.

=============================================================================
9. MAGGIE'S HOLOGRAPHIC BODY?

Recently, Budd and I had a visit from a friend we’ll call AnneMarie, whose story will be told more fully in a later chapter. But I
mention her now because she’s the abductee who has most recently
talked to us about her childhood memories of an intense humming
sound. “It wasn’t just that I heard it,” Anne-Marie said. “I would actually feel it vibrating through my whole body. And that’s when I’d start to
get scared. Somehow, I knew something was going to happen to
me. . . .” Over the several years that Budd worked with Anne-Marie’s
conscious and hypnotically retrieved memories, it became clear that
this humming sound was a definite indicator that an abduction was
soon to follow.
In Budd’s case files, many abductees report both hearing and feeling a vibrational kind of sound just prior to an abduction experience.
But is their humming connected to Joyce’s rippling in the last case?
Let’s take a look at several cases reported by former NASA engineer
Paul Hill:
• The general manager and chief engineer of a St. Louis broadcast
station went fishing on Lake of the Ozarks. On a foggy day, four
hundred yards from shore, their outboard motor died. The men
heard a humming noise, and when the fog parted, they saw a
disc hovering right above the water, about one hundred feet away.

Directly under the craft, the water was agitated into in thousands
of sharp-pointed waves. Hill comments: “The force field was vibrating the water.”1 [emphasis added.]
• In the Lorenzens’ UFOs Over America, the authors cite a case of
two Swedish men who investigated a light coming from the
woods. They discovered a saucer-shaped object on the ground and
encountered several small beings. After major cultural shock on
both sides, the saucer took off. One of the witnesses said that the
most remarkable thing was “the high, intense sound you felt
rather than heard. When the object left we were shaken by powerful, extremely rapid vibrations that quite paralyzed us.” A medical
team that examined the men concluded that the men “had actually
encountered a field force [or “force field”] of enormous strength.”2
Hill devotes a substantial segment of his book to this phenomenon,
saying that the “feeling” of the noise indicates that a vibrational force of
precisely the same frequency as the sound is at work.3 Putting this evidence together with other reports of people seeing UFOs that cause stationary objects like street signs to vibrate violently and set smooth
water roiling (the sharp-pointed waves in the earlier example), Hill and
his colleague Dr. Robert Wood concluded that a UFO’s force field is
cyclic. In other words, the energy put out by a UFO isn’t just a static
field but is made up of a large number of waves that are sent out
repeatedly from the craft, in much the same way that water ripples out
from a pebble dropped into it.
Proceeding with calculations in physics to show the validity of his
theory, Hill further investigates what might happen right below a hovering UFO. He shows in some detail what effect that sound pressure
could have on an ordinary flexible body that was under the cyclic field:
Energy is transported across space by the cyclic field, and sound, at
cyclic field frequency, is generated at the body surfacess . . . at the
interface between two mediums having different stiffness . . . i.e., a
different ability to resist the accelerations of the cyclic field. In the
human body, that interface is the skin. [emphasis added]4
In other words, the humming sound that abductees often report could
also be felt. The cyclic force field would cause an object below it to ripple
or express vibrations and waves on its surface. Think back to the “window” effect Joyce described: The rippling may have been vibrations on
her friend Maggie’s skin-an effect caused by the wavelike vibrations
sent out by the cycling field of a UFO that was either just arriving or just
departing.
Object
Curved
Laser
Diverging
Lens
Diverging
Lens
Directional Beam Directional
Splitter
Plate
Mirror
Mirror Mirror
Holographic
A 3-D hologram is produced when a beam of light is optically split into two beams.
One, the object beam, is bounced off the subject of the hologram. The second, a
reference beam, is directed to circle back and collide with the reflected light of the
object beam. The interference pattern is recorded on film.(Graphic by Charles Foltz)
If this incident, which coincided with a period of abductionlike
experiences in Maggie’s young life, was actually a precursor to an
abduction, it’s possible to speculate that some characteristic of the
engulfing, wavelike force sent out by the craft itself may contribute to
making individuals temporarily invisible.
Clues From the Hologram?
You might recall that in the first Star Wars movie, Luke
Skywalker’s journey begins when a beam of light shoots out from a
robot and projects a small, three-dimensional image of Princess
Leia. Mesmerized by the ghostly figure pleading for help, Luke is
hooked forever. The Princess Leia that Luke sees is a hologram, a 3-D
image made with the aid of laser lights and a phenomenon known
as interference patterns. Luke would be able to walk around the
hologram and see the entire princess from every angle. She would
turn, speak, and actually seem to be there. But if Luke reached out to
touch her, his hand would pass right through the lovely lady.
Another way to consider Maggie’s disappearance and reappearance is in the context of the theory of the holographic universe.
Based on the work of David Bohm and Karl Pribram, the theory suggests that what we think of as concrete reality is not so solid at all.
As Michael Talbot explains:
Our brains mathematically construct objective reality by interpreting [wave or energy] frequencies that are ultimately projections from another dimension, a deeper order of existence that
is beyond both space and time: The brain is a hologram
enfolded in a holographic universe.5
Technically, what makes a hologram possible is the phenomenon of interference. This refers to the rippling pattern that occurs
when two waves cross paths. If, for example, you dropped two rocks
into a pond, each one would send off a series of concentric waves
expanding outward. When the two sets of expanding waves cross
one another, it’s in the crests and troughs of these waves that the
interference pattern occurs. Waves of water, waves of sound-any
wavelike phenomena-can create interference patterns. In creating
a visual image, scientists have found that laser light, being pure and
coherent, is especially good at recording interference patterns on
film. But all you see by looking directly at the film is a jumble of
crisscrossing wavelike images. It’s only when the film is illuminated
later with another laser that a 3-D image of the original object reappears in front of your eyes.
The hologram can also be useful as a metaphor for conceptualizing the design of the universe:
We have very different aspects to our reality. We can view ourselves as physical bodies moving through space. Or we can view
ourselves as a blur of interference patterns [within] the cosmic
hologram.6
Perhaps it was this blur of “interference patterns”-or the ripple
effect-that Joyce caught a glimpse of at the moment her friend
Maggie entered into a different state of reality or a spectrum that
we rarely see into.

====================================================================
10. A NOTE ON UFO RESEARCH

Before we leave the topic of the unseen to take up an even more
controversial pattern within UFO abduction accounts, a bit of historical clarification is called for. Beginning sometime in the early
1980’s, a few abduction researchers were forced by the data to hypothesize that the aliens possessed an “invisibility technology” that enabled
them to carry out abductions in daylight in densely populated areas
without being seen. The subject was, however, talked about only in private. I recall a conversation I had with my colleague David Jacobs
around 1983, in which we discussed the aliens’ capability of operating
so that neither they, their craft, nor their abductees were visible to the
naked eye. Both of us felt that there was no way that abductions could
be carried out on the scale the evidence implied unless total visual
cloaking was possible.
But in 1983 the idea that UFO abductions were extraordinarily frequent and widespread was, in itself, highly controversial, even among
those who took the UFO phenomenon seriously. Therefore, to suggest
in published articles or even in public lectures that the UFO occupants
possessed a technology of invisibility was to court disbelief and rejection even among our colleagues. And so abduction researchers kept
silent on the issue, confining our public statements to other aspects of
the phenomenon for which abundant evidence exists.
Finally, it was David Jacobs, perhaps the bravest and most forthcoming researcher in the field, who broke the ice. At a UFO conference in
Santa Barbara, California, in 1990, he presented the first carefully
researched paper on the subject, arguing that the abduction reports
themselves required a condition of temporary UFO and abductee invisibility. Several years later I presented a paper on the subject at a conference in Virginia, but these venues were intimate enough that the general public was unaware such a radical idea was being taken seriously.
This is the historical background for the subject we have been considering. The second section of our book deals with a different subject
that is, if anything, even more radical than the issue of invisibility. But
then, the thought of intelligent nonhuman beings coming here and
interacting with planet Earth-that widely accepted idea itself-is so
revolutionary that it undermines many of the most cherished tenets of
traditional science and, like much cutting-edge scientific thought,
forces us to consider a virtually infinite array of new possibilities.



PART II
SEEN



======================================================================
11. ALIENS HERE AND NOW

If we accept that thousands of well-investigated UFO abduction
cases provide authoritative evidence that nonhuman alien beings are
visiting our planet, we must now consider the unsettling possibility
that they are also living on Earth. They may be only temporary residents, but they are operating unnoticed among humans, helping to
facilitate an as yet undisclosed agenda. If this is true-if some aliens
can survive or even flourish here-then what might their coexistence
eventually mean to us, to our children, to our planet? What might the
future hold for our civilization as we know it?
Xenophobia-the fear of foreigners or strangers-is unfortunately
basic to man’s essentially territorial nature. To show how deeply this
xenophobic fear of the unknown infects all of us, let me use myself as an
example. In 1964, I had a daytime UFO sighting on Cape Cod, an incident which led to my subsequent research into the UFO phenomenon.1
At the time, I remember regarding the circular, hovering, dullaluminum-colored object as a thing, an artifical craft of some sort, but I
did not for a moment think there might be intelligent nonhuman
beings inside. That was too exotic a thought to entertain even for a
moment-and on some unconscious, primitive level, far too disturbing.
My reaction exactly echoed the attitude of many of the early UFO
researchers, men and women who took the UFO phenomenon seriously,
virtually assuming its extraterrestrial origin, but remained dubious about
the authenticity of any UFO occupant reports. If these alien craft existed,
139
the idea that there might be intelligent life forms inside, controlling the
craft, was eminently plausible but-for us nervous, irrational humans-
too much to accept. In rereading some of the early books and articles on
the subject of UFOs, I was amazed, again and again, at how unadventurous the thinking of some of these researchers-myself included-actually
was. Our hypotheses were as parsimonious as we could make them, a situation as much due to the unnerving nature of the subject as it was an
attempt to adhere to the demands of the scientific method.
My past ideas about the subject include yet another embarrassing
example of narrow, hypercautious thinking. Having seen, on Cape Cod
in 1964, along with two other witnesses, the hovering and maneuvering UFO-and having subsequently read what I could find about the
phenomenon-I bought the 1966 issue of Look magazine in which
John Fuller presented a condensed version of his book on the Betty and
Barney Hill abduction account.2 I simply could not believe it. I had no
solid reason to reject their story, and within a year or so changed my
mind, but in 1966 this first publicized abduction account was just too
wild, too disturbing, to accept. In some illogical way I viewed the Hills’
abduction account as an affront to reason.
UFOs were supposed to be out there somewhere, looking down
maybe and flying around, but essentially leaving us alone. The closer
the phenomenon seemed to come, the more my natural self-protective,
xenophobic objections manifested themselves. Speculation about UFO
propulsion systems was fine. Thoughts about antigravity, aliens’ study
of Earth’s natural resources, and the various places they may have
come from-all of this was easier to handle than the idea of the UFO
occupants temporarily borrowing us against our wills and treating us as
specimens. Technology-even advanced, alien technology-is always a
more neutral subject for speculation than potential alien interactions
with us and our planet. When that subject is broached, muscles tense,
nerves go on full alert, and we glance warily over our shoulders.
And so we come to the way this homely truth has directly affected
the structure of our book. After years of examination of the data,
researchers such as myself have absorbed a great deal of information
about the appearance and interests of both the UFO occupants and
what seem to be their hybrid creations. Based upon that mass of eyewitness testimony and various kinds of physical evidence, our anthro-
pocentric logic suggests that from time to time these beings want to
explore our environment, unobtrusively mixing with us and experiencing something of the quality and complexity of human life. There are
many credible eyewitness accounts supporting such alien explorations,
as we will learn. And yet, the idea of such coexistence, even if temporary, is so unsettling that it is likely to be rejected out of hand by many
of those who nevertheless accept the existence of UFOs and their alien
occupants.
To avoid such a knee-jerk reaction, Carol and I decided not to open
this book with witness accounts of alien life forms interacting with us,
at least temporarily, in somewhat quotidian ways: visits to stores, to
playgrounds, and to offices. Instead, we began our book by examining
a technological issue: the apparent alien mastery of tactical invisibility.
But which is really the more outrageous concept: that one has the ability to render oneself, one’s craft, and one’s captive humans invisible,
or the possibility that UFO occupants might wish to leave their craft
temporarily to visit us and learn from our day-to-day environment?
Ironically, the idea of alien sight-seeing visitations draws more natural
resistance than the concept of a highly developed technology of invisibility. It is all, I believe, a matter of emotional distance. We can contemplate the UFO occupants’ ability to render matter temporarily
invisible, but we don’t want alien “hybrids” in our schools and bookstores.
The next portion of this book takes up these accounts of alien-human
interactions and the science that deals with advanced transgenics and
issues of hybridization. Please stay with us, no matter how incredible
the reports, no matter how uncomfortably close the UFO phenomenon
seems to be coming. You have plenty of company in your unease-Carol
and me included.
We have seen that most early researchers were loath to deal with reports
of UFO occupants until the sheer mass of data forced them to swallow
that bitter pill, and that they were then even more hesitant to accept
abduction accounts. Too close, much too close. But after that emotional
barrier was also forced aside by the weight of credible witness accounts,
most researchers-and I was one-erected yet another roadblock
against a new kind of data: We did not want to consider the many
reports of alien reproductive procedures apparently carried out upon
abductees during their encounters. That was really too close!
But these kinds of disturbing data were present in the very earliest
abduction reports. In the seminal Betty and Barney Hill case in 1961,
Betty described the painful insertion of a long needle into her navel, a
procedure the aliens described to her as a “pregnancy test.” Another
important and somewhat similar detail from that 1961 abduction was
not included in John Fuller’s classic account of the Hill case because it
was regarded as too unseemly: The UFO occupants also extracted a
sperm sample from Barney Hill.3 Researchers somehow managed to
set aside such intimate and uncomfortable details-particularly the socalled pregnancy test-partly because in the 1960’s the idea of inserting a needle in the navel to determine pregnancy seemed ludicrous.
That, of course, was well before amniocentesis-a procedure in which
a needle is inserted in the navel to extract a sample of the woman’s
amniotic fluid-became a commonly used test of the health and viability of the fetus. In other words, a kind of “test of the pregnancy.”
Later abduction accounts and the analysis of many case studies suggest that the aliens’ “needle-in-the-navel” procedures were not tests to
determine if a woman is pregnant but might actually have been ovaretrieval operations and thus exactly analogous to commonly reported
sperm-sampling operations such as the one Barney Hill underwent.4 I
believe that the deeper reason few researchers in the sixties wanted to
pay much attention to such details was that they were too disturbingly
intimate.
In 1965, a small-circulation British UFO magazine published an
important and shocking article that alerted UFO researchers to yet
another apparent reproductive procedure.5 It was an account of the
1957 abduction in Brazil of a very credible witness, Antonio VillasBoas, in which he described being taken into a landed UFO and made
to perform two acts of sexual intercourse in quick succession with a
small female. He described her as not entirely earthly in appearance,
with whitish-blond hair, a wide face with prominent cheekbones, and a
pointed chin.6 She had “big blue eyes, rather longer than round, for
they slanted outward, like those pencil-drawn girls made to look like
Arabian princesses.”
After the second act of intercourse with Villas-Boas, this odd-
looking woman spooned from the side of his penis a small sample of
his sperm and placed it in a vial. Then, just before she left the area in
which he was was being held, she pointed first to her belly and then to
the sky, an ambiguous gesture that can easily be interpreted as implying a hoped-for pregnancy. Again, most serious UFO researchers put
such an unsettling account on a mental back burner and proceeded
with the decades-long investigation of craft sightings.
My own hesitant attitude toward data suggesting an alien reproductive agenda-sperm and ova retrievals and, theoretically, the systematic
creation of beings who share human and alien genetic qualities-
changed dramatically in 1983. The turning point was my investigation
of the “Kathie Davis” abduction case, which I presented to the public
in my 1987 book Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods.
Kathie’s was the first of hundreds of similar cases I subsequently
investigated in which women reported being abducted and apparently
artificially inseminated, after which they found themselves pregnant.
Then, equally mysteriously, about the end of the first trimester but
often weeks or months later, the pregnancies disappeared, with no
trace of fetal tissue. In one case, an abductee who is by profession an
obstetrical nurse had her fetus disappear in the fifth month, and
though she passed the fetal sac and experienced some bleeding, she
was disturbed to find that there was no actual fetal tissue. I have
investigated two remarkable cases in which the pregnancies disappeared overnight in the seventh month, without any of the serious,
even dangerous symptoms that usually accompany such late miscarriages.7
In investigating missing-fetus cases, I have often encountered both
difficult emotional issues and nearly insuperable problems in locating
old medical records. For example, in 1988, I was contacted by a
Massachusetts woman concerned about a series of UFO sightings and
missing-time experiences that had always puzzled her. In the course of
an interview she mentioned that well over twenty years earlier, at the
age of nineteen, she had become pregnant, and the fetus had mysteriously disappeared in its seventh month. Her mother, whom I also
interviewed at length, had regularly accompanied her daughter, a
young and inexperienced bride, to her obstetrician. The pregnancy was
developing normally, until one morning when the mother-to-be awoke
with some odd, fragmented memories and knew that she was no
longer pregnant. Though her belly was not as distended as it had been,
she was not bleeding. Her mother immediately took her to the obstetrician, who examined her and found that the fetal heartbeat he had
regularly heard was no longer detectable. After further examination he
performed a dilation and curettage, or D & C, a cleansing procedure
often performed after a miscarriage or the death of a fetus; though he
located the placenta, he found no trace of the fetus itself. He also had
no explanation as to what had happened to it.
The mother of this saddened and mystified young woman confided
to me during our 1988 interview that she had never liked her daughter’s husband, the father of the vanished baby. In fact, she said, she distrusted him-and his family as well. Then, when her daughter was out
of earshot, she described to me the evil plot that she thought lay behind
the disappearance. Speaking in a near whisper, she said:
I believe her husband and his family plotted with the doctor to drug
my daughter and steal her baby. I think they drugged her when she
was sleeping and took her to the doctor’s office, and then he delivered it so they could keep it. Then they brought my daughter home
when she was still drugged and put her back in bed. That’s why she
doesn’t remember what happened to it. They stole her baby. That’s
what I’ve always believed.
This was, of course, an explanation every bit as bizarre as the widely
reported alien reproductive program, though the mother was unable to
offer even a shred of evidence for her theory.
As to the problem of locating the medical records, the fetal disappearance had occurred over a quarter of a century before I was told
about it. The obstetrician, I learned from both mother and daughter,
was probably no longer living, as he had been quite elderly at the time.
And since he had been in private practice in a midwestern city and
was probably long since deceased, I was not even certain that his medical records still existed, even if his bygone office was traceable. Also,
because obstetricians are the medical specialists most often sued for
malpractice, one might well imagine that he would not wish to keep
scrupulous notes about such a potentially damaging mystery.

6
7
Drawing of a tiny transgenic fetus with
closed eyes, drawn by male abductee A.M.
8
Drawing of a tiny transgenic fetus
in a female abductee’s hand. (B.C.)
Clay model of a transgenic baby
as presented to female abductee L.C.

Even today, few obstetricians are willing to state in their notes that
the disappearance of a patient’s fetus after the third month presents a
medical mystery-or that it is even unusual-lest they become targets
of malpractice suits. Instead, they offer many different theories to
explain away such uncomfortable problems: missed abortion, fetal
“absorption,” unreported miscarriage, and so on. If nature abhors a
vacuum, medicine abhors a mystery.
Though the phenomenon of a vanished fetus is a fascinating part of
the alien reproduction program, for our purposes here its most important aspect is the “baby presentation” scene which I described at length
in Intruders. In scores of cases I have investigated, female abductees
recall being reabducted months or even years after their missing fetus
experiences and are then shown a small baby or even a toddler that
they are made to feel is their own. During these reabductions the aliens
usually want the putative mother to hold the baby and to bond with it.
After a short time the infant is taken away and the abductee, often
grieving at the separation, is returned to the place from which she was
abducted.
These children-who, for want of a better term, I call “hybrids”-
are described by the abductees as showing a mix of alien and human
characteristics. Often the eyes are quite large and either blue or almost
entirely black. They usually have thin, wispy, white-blond hair that does
not seem to evenly cover their scalp. Their noses are small or nearly
nonexistent, their lips are thin, and their heads often overly large.
Though they have not often been naked when they were presented, on
those exceptional occasions abductees have said that the children
seemed to lack navels.
Interestingly, the description Antonio Villas-Boas gave of the “not
entirely earthly-looking female” he encountered during his 1957 abduction-whitish-blond hair, a wide face with prominent cheekbones,
large, slanted blue eyes-sounds like an adult version of the typical
hybrid child or baby reported in hundreds of later baby-presentation
accounts. It should also be pointed out that sometimes men are shown
small hybrids in these scenes and made to feel that in some way they
are the children’s fathers. Perhaps even more important, the emotions
reported by abductees during these presentation scenes vary-from
intense love and acceptance of “their” children, all the way to revulsion
and the impulse to physically drop the children rather than accept
them as their own. To me, this range of reaction seems psychologically
appropriate if these baby presentations are actual events, rather than
some new type of parental fantasy.
Carol Rainey will discuss the thorny but immensely interesting
questions of how these creatures are actually produced-and what
methods of “genetic engineering” might be utilized-in forthcoming
chapters, but there is one final detail that warrants mentioning here.
When Betty Hill was abducted in 1961, she described an alien “doctor”
scraping her arm with a kind of dull knife, apparently taking skin samples. Hundreds of later abductees have described the same puzzling
operation, and Linda Cortile, the subject of my book Witnessed, said
that the instrument used to scrape her arm was “like a kind of butterknife,” inflicting no pain and drawing no blood.
Similarly, hundreds of abductees recall a small scooplike instrument being used on their bodies-most often on their lower legs-to
dip down and remove a sample of flesh. This procedure often draws at
least some blood and usually leaves a distinctive scar-a round or oval
depression sometimes as large as the size of a dime. Medical observers
who have examined these scoop marks describe them as resembling
the marks left by punch biopsy procedures, though we do not yet know
the purpose of this alien skin-sampling program.
It is only in the last few years of human genetic research that skinsampling procedures have become common as an efficient way of collecting useful genetic material. Is it possible that the decades-old scoop
marks and skin scrapings were signs of an advanced alien technology
preceding our own, in the way that Betty Hill’s “pregnancy test” was a
precursor of amniocentesis?
Since 1987, when the alien transgenic program was first described in
Intruders, researchers have amassed a great deal of new data on this aspect
of the abduction phenomenon from similar cases around the world. One
would expect that this new case material would tend either to confirm or
contradict what had previously been hypothesized. In every related report
I have seen, and in my conversations with the other experienced abduction researchers in the field (our numbers are, unfortunately, small), I
have seen, over and over again, striking confirmation of the accounts I
presented in 1987 and virtually nothing to discredit those findings.

=====================================================================
12. NEW LIFE-FORMS

By the winter of 1999, Budd and I had married and the UFO
strangeness had become an integral part of my life. Letters, calls,
and E-mails from abductees poured into our Manhattan home. Budd
was often occupied with face-to-face interviews or hypnotic regressions
in our living room, kitchen, and studio, and I often videotaped those
sessions. As I got to know the abductees, I saw for myself that they
were, on the whole, quite credible individuals and that their independent stories formed a chain of anecdotal evidence. Whether these experiences were occurring “in outer space or in inner space,” as Carl Sagan
had once famously declaimed, I was profoundly intrigued by the inexplicable nature of the phenomenon.
Yet, there were many times in those first few years when I was
shaken with great doubts-and in no area more than that of the
abductees’ reports of mysterious reproductive procedures and “hybrid
babies.” At first glance, these accounts-implying human-alien interbreeding-seemed too illogical, too implausible, and too disturbing to
be true. Most of us, after all, had been taught in high school and college
biology classes that nature has erected barriers between species that
make interbreeding an extraordinarily rare event. Abductees telling us
of their human-alien offspring simply overstretched the limit of my
credulity.
Yet, as I continued my research in the burgeoning new fields of
genetic engineering, cloning, and transgenics, it struck me that many
of the most recent accomplishments of our own science were nearly as
strange and unacceptable in some visceral way as is the abduction phenomenon. Here are a few examples of our current capabilities in reproductive science:
• Children born with genes from three parents, which
permanently, and with no one’s permission, have altered
the human genome. Long-term results: unknown.
• Humanized mice and pigs-animals with human genes
inserted into their genetic code. Purpose: to make pigs more
human so that their organs can be transplanted into humans
without being rejected (a process called xenotransplantation).
• A transgenic rabbit that glows green under fluorescent light,
the result of an artist’s conceptual piece. The rabbit was
custom-designed by hiring scientists to insert a permanent
new gene from a jellyfish into the bunny genome.
• Recent creation of a sheep-goat chimera at the University of
California at Davis-a cross-species breeding previously
thought impossible.
• The cloning of herds of genetically identical, genetically
engineered goats and cows that carry human genes and are
designed to produce drugs in their milk for human use.
Pharmaceutical factories on four legs.
• Biologists who have transplanted a specific behavior from
the brain stem of one species of bird into another-resulting
in young chickens with the head-bobbing movements and
song of a quail.


A technician checks on future transgenic peach and
apple orchards. Each dish holds tiny experimental trees
grown from lab-cultured cells to which researchers have
given new genes. (Photo courtesy of the Agricultural
Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture)


We are now able transcend the limitations of particular species and combine
the virtues (and vices
ferent
program into species . . .
attributes never before a feature of any species. . . . We
can, or eventually will be able
create new “transgenic”
creatures of unprecedented
nature and qualities. It would
not be an exaggeration to
say that
stands at a crossroads.
-John Harris,
Wonderwoman and
Superman: The Ethics of
Human Biotechnology

This is all major news from the far edges of science. How each person may feel about these accomplishments and their possible future
applications varies widely. One common reaction is very like the seemingly intrinsic repulsion people feel upon first hearing of the possibility
that extraterrestrials or nonhumans from not-Earth are blending our
genomes with their own. There’s a shock, a kind of moral disapproval,
a sense that science (like the aliens) is playing a God-like role in altering what was originally created. Fear, I suspect, is also part of the emotion-the feeling that we’re moving into a world where nothing seems
set and determined, where everything in nature can be tweaked,
twisted, altered, and changed
beyond anything we know.
Including our own human selves.
And that is why the new
research above has distinct implications for our speculation on the
alien-human hybrids so often
reported. It is clear that the borders
that have always prevented crossspecies breeding from occurring
are collapsing. Most of us-the
public, scientists, and philosophers alike-have always thought
of species as unchanging and
sharply distinct entities, with each
defined by its own genome. This
idea explains, for example, much
of the “confirmation jolt” felt by
both scientists and the lay public
when the final sequencing of the
human genome in 2000 showed that humans and chimpanzees differ
genetically by a mere 1.3 percent. In fact, nearly all life on Earth is genetically quite close. It’s not only primates that have a great deal in common
with humans. Mice and humans have a great deal in common, as do yeast
and humans. If we persist in holding on to the concept that nature has put
up firewalls between different species, sharply delineating them according to their genes, we are in for even greater shocks. In the following
chapters, we’ll see how those firewalls are quickly becoming permeable
boundaries-and how the life-forms that are being newly created, by both
humans and aliens, are born into and exist in a no-man’s-land on a map
we have yet to locate.

===================================================================
13. EYEWITNESS TESTIMONY AND A COMMAND PERFORMANCE

The radical nature of the material I am about to present
requires some discussion of the issues of personal credibility and
eyewitness testimony. The validity of the following accounts-in which
apparently nonhuman beings are seen operating, at least temporarily,
within our quotidian reality-is almost completely dependent upon
two factors: the believability of the individual eyewitnesses, and the
extent to which these reports form distinct, mutually corroborating patterns. Unlike UFO sightings and typical abduction cases, these are not
the kinds of reports in which the gathering of supportive physical evidence is sometimes possible. Here, so far as I know, there are no photographs, videotapes, radar returns, ground traces, medical anomalies,
scars, lesions, or X rays of any sort. Nevertheless, I have done what I
could to investigate all of the following cases, relying upon such techniques as probing interviews, subtle credibility testing, and extensive
hypnosis, and have found no reason to doubt their validity.
The reliability of eyewitness testimony has often been challenged-
it is challenged in courtrooms every day of every week-but recently it
has become the subject of extensive study and argument by psychologists and social scientists. Personal testimony has become a contentious issue. At the fringe of this discussion, there are some who
characterize eyewitness testimony as ranging from thoroughly unreli152
able to absolutely worthless. However, in the light of our normal, everyday activities, this rejection of eyewitness testimony is not only a
grotesque brand of ultraskepticism but an unnecessary obstacle to the
search for truth.
To help us understand the importance of eyewitness testimony in
UFO cases, let us consider a parallel situation-its role in the criminal
court system. Apart from cases in which the accused confesses to the
crime or pleads guilty, a jury in a criminal trial would never convict
anyone of a crime without hearing and believing eyewitness testimony
of some sort. Even if only documentary or laboratory “circumstantial
evidence” bearing on the crime is presented in court, someone-a
police officer, a lab technician, a scientist, whoever-must testify to his
or her personal, eyewitness examination of fingerprints, DNA, blood
samples, handwriting, photographs, or other types of physical evidence. A jury must accept this kind of personal testimony, often in the
form of an ostensibly objective lab report, in order to convict. Thus,
somewhere along the line, the validity of so-called circumstantial evidence has to be attested to in court by the words of a (possibly fallible)
human being. In short, an eyewitness.
To illustrate this point, let us consider a hypothetical homicide case.
The murder weapon, a pistol found on the accused, is placed in evidence, along with a bullet taken from the victim’s body. A forensic
expert presents scientific evidence that the bullet that caused the death
shows patterns consistent with the bore of the weapon taken from the
accused. All of this is objective, scientific evidence, we assume-a far
cry from eyewitness testimony. But is that true? Who says this pistol
was actually taken from the accused? An “eyewitness” police officer
who claims he seized it during a search. Who says that the bullet
offered in testimony actually came from the victim’s body? Another
“eyewitness,” a doctor who claims he removed it during an autopsy.
And photographs of the match between the marks on the pistol’s bore
and the bullet: who says that they are genuine, and the ballistic tests
legitimate? Another forensic scientist makes that claim. Whom do we
believe? Everyone involved-every expert witness-is giving personal,
eyewitness testimony that the jury can believe or disbelieve.
One need go back no further than the infamous first O.J. Simpson
trial to recall an example of jury members questioning the objectivity,
competence, and credibility of various forensic scientists, laboratory
technicians, and police officers who testified about so-called circumstantial evidence. The jury members acquitted Simpson because they
disbelieved personal testimony-not that of eyewitnesses to the crime
(apparently there were none), but the testimony of eyewitness participants in laboratory procedures, DNA testing, evidence collection, and
so on. These varieties of eyewitness testimony were deemed by the jury
to be insufficiently credible, and Simpson was freed.
If this logic is followed to the next step, one can argue that every
convicted criminal was judged guilty because of some form of eyewitness account. Whether the testifying witness was present when the
crime was committed, or arrived later at the crime scene-or, later still,
was in the laboratory, observing, analyzing, and conducting tests-personal eyewitness testimony of some type must be believed by jurors
who neither saw the crime committed nor were present when the laboratory and police work was done. These partially informed men and
women must decide the accused’s innocence or guilt-sometimes
even ordaining his execution-by the degree of their faith in the personal testimony of strangers.
The importance-the centrality-of eyewitness testimony manifests
itself not only in the courtroom but in most of life’s judgments, large
and small, day in and day out. A thousand factors, both rational and irrational, enter into one’s judgment of the credibility of eyewitness testimony. To take another example, the latest report of a primatologist
studying gorillas in the field is accepted-believed-on the basis of that
scientist’s earlier work, on his or her support by colleagues, and on the
cogency and thoroughness of the report itself. Most of the primatologist’s assertions are not replicable under controlled laboratory conditions, just as thousands of other kinds of observations in other fields of
science, from astronomy to geology, cannot be replicated at will.
And it is in this kind of situation-the primatologist’s-that UFO
investigators find themselves. It is here that we must begin to consider
the criteria by which we can make judgments about the validity of eyewitness reports. There are many factors, from the most obvious to the
most ephemeral. For example, the validity of a single individual’s
account is obviously affected by the status, experience, and general credibility of the witness. Thus, a UFO sighting report handed on by a well-
trained astronaut like Gordon Cooper or an astronomer such as Clyde
Tombaugh (the discoverer of Pluto), automatically carries more weight
than a sighting report by a teenage boy at an outdoor beer party. Next,
and very important, is the nature of the account. Does it fit little-known
patterns of UFO reports, or is it radically different from case reports
accumulated over time, by multiple witnesses and investigators?
Also, does the account seem psychologically true-do the individual’s emotional reactions seem plausible-or is there something false
or even self-serving about the way the incident is described? An example of the former: “At first we thought it might be an airplane, but it
didn’t seem to have any wings. Then we thought it might be a helicopter, but there was no sound. And then it moved suddenly, coming
down silently at tree-top height, and we were very frightened.”
Compare that kind of testimony with this: “A glowing figure in a long
robe approached me and said he wanted to impart wisdom to me, and
that I had been selected to spread the word. He told me his name was
Zadac and that he was from a planet called Xenos. I felt calm and
serene and godly in his presence, and the wisdom he imparted is the
most profound I have ever known. I will present this wisdom at a public lecture this evening.”
The first account seems natural in its “escalation of hypothesis” (a
useful term coined by the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek), moving from the
most mundane explanation of the sighting to, finally and reluctantly,
the judgment that the object is truly unknown and, moreover, frightening. The second statement-admittedly a caricature-seems calculated
to cast glory upon the witness, to render him special, even cosmically
significant, with possible financial rewards.
One need not spell out more of the many clues we instinctively use
every day to decide the credibility of eyewitnesses to every kind of incident and experience. Reading these credibility clues accurately is a survival skill all of us must learn if we are to avoid becoming victims of
con men, salesmen, telemarketers, pie-in-the-sky politicians, and
would-be seducers, to name just a few of the dishonest types we meet
all too often. Of course, none of us is a perfect judge of personal, eyewitness accounts. All of us can be misled, as P. T. Barnum implied, at
least some of the time. And so I leave it you, the reader, to judge as best
you can the credibility of the participants in the following cases.
The Strange Children at a Cape Cod Playground
“Tom and Ann” live year-round in a town on Cape Cod with their four
young children and a variety of pets. Their small, comfortable home is
situated in a pine woods and is somewhat isolated from their immediate neighbors. Originally, Ann had contacted me in 1988 about several
UFO experiences she recalled. Preliminary interviews strongly suggested that over the years, not only Ann but also her husband and all four of
their children had apparently been undergoing UFO abduction experiences. The two older daughters were quite frightened by what they had
experienced, though “Jen,” the youngest, was calm and even professed
to like the strange, hairless, large-eyed “little man” who she said sometimes came into her bedroom at night.
Early in 1991, Ann called me in New York to relate what Jen had just
told her about as she was having breakfast that morning and getting
ready for school. She was so startled by what her little five-year-old
daughter was telling her that she excused herself and brought back to
the table a small tape recorder to get the account down in Jen’s own
voice. The child insisted that this was not a dream, that she was wideawake, and that “it was real.”
Sometime during the night she had awakened and the room “was
filled with pretty sparkles.” The little man with the big black eyes was
standing near her bed, but this time he was not alone. “There was a little girl with him,” Jen said, but “she didn’t look like him and she didn’t
look like us, either.” After a few questions, Ann was able to get a clearer
description of this little girl. “Her hair was white,” Jen said-very light
blond, apparently-“and she didn’t even smile or say anything.”
Eventually, Ann learned that she was wearing what seemed to be a
snug-fitting one-piece garment.
As Jen lay in bed, the little man held a “beautiful flower” in front of
her, but when she reached for it, it disappeared. He then told her that
she must come with them for a while, because there were people waiting for them. Still hoping to be given the flower, she got out of bed, and
then she, the little man, and the white-haired child “went right through
the wall-and we didn’t even get splinters.”
Jen told her mother that they went to the town playground-an
actual place a few miles away that apparently looked to Jen exactly as it
10
Drawing of “sparkles”
sweeping into the
room-drawn by
abductee witness V.E.
Second drawing
of “sparkles” as
they began to
surround sleeping
abductee.
11
does in reality-where, she said, “some boys must have been playing
baseball because all the lights were on.” Since this playground has no
nighttime floodlights, the source of these elevated bright lights may
have been a well-lit, hovering UFO. At the playground Jen saw a group
of other children sitting there. “They were all twins,” she said, from
which her mother deduced that they all resembled one another and
were dressed alike. Jen didn’t like these other children because “they
just looked at me and they didn’t smile and they didn’t say hi.”
Through a series of questions, Ann was able to estimate that there
were about seven or eight of these unfriendly, virtually identical children, all apparently close to her daughter’s size and age. The little man
then told Jen that she must play on the swings and slides and “show
the children how to play.” As Jen dutifully climbed on the playground
equipment, all of the “twins” apparently watched her intently. After a
time she asked the little man if the other children could play with her,
because she didn’t like playing by herself. He answered that they could
not play with her, she was to play alone, and the other children were
there to watch and to learn from her. This was very disappointing to
Jen, since she didn’t like playing alone. She wanted to go home. She
didn’t understand why the strange children would not play with her or
why they didn’t talk to her. One child, she told her mother, was sitting
on the ground, lifting up little handfuls of sand and letting it sift down
on one of her feet. Jen thought this was silly.
Soon the episode at the playground was over. The little man brought
her back to her house and put her in bed. Jen never saw the children
again, was never given the beautiful flower she was offered, and never
understood why she had to go to the playground. All of this she related
to her mother that morning-though obviously not in the linear,
chronological way I have outlined it here-and all of it was taperecorded.
What is one to make of such an account? There are, of course, three
basic possibilities: that the little girl simply made up the story; that it
was a dream she mistook for reality; or that it happened more or less as
she recalled. To take the first possibility, there is, I feel, little reason to
think that Jen deliberately invented this story as a fanciful series of lies.
Ann insisted that her five-year-old was a truthful and not particularly
imaginative child. I generally trust mothers’ perceptions about their
children’s habits of lying or truth-telling and their imaginative storytelling abilities, especially when the mothers are not only credible
themselves but have also called me to voluntarily relate their child’s
account. Knowing Ann and her family as I did, I could think of no reason to doubt her assessment of her daughter’s usual truthfulness and
lack of an inventive imagination.
Consider also the fact that Jen’s account does not contain the obvious melodramatic or fairy-tale qualities that often color children’s fantasies. From a child’s perspective this highly detailed account is a nonstory. More important, perhaps, is the fact that a number of the
unusual details that Jen relates have turned up in other UFO abduction
reports. The “sparkles” that she said seemed to fill the room have been
reported in at least three other abduction cases I have investigated. In
fact, in one of these cases the witness V.E. made drawings showing
what looked like glowing raindrops or snowflakes suspended in the
air-sparkles that seemed palpable even though the witnesses could
not feel anything when they tried to touch them. Needless to say, we
have no idea of the nature of these glowing sparkles, or their function,
or why they seem to be reported so rarely by researchers. This present
description is, to my knowledge, the first time the sparkle phenomenon has been discussed in print, so I am certain that five-year-old Jen
had never heard of such a thing.
Next, she spoke of passing through the wall without getting splinters. At the time of her report, the idea of abductees being moved
through closed doors, windows, and walls was known to UFO
researchers but was not part of general popular knowledge. And in
1991, only four years after the publication of Intruders, the appearance
of apparent hybrid or genetically engineered children was also not
familiar to the general public. And yet, Jen described the “twins” in the
same way Kathy Davis and many other abductees have described what
they believe to be part human, part alien offspring: unsmiling, with
thin, very pale blond hair and wearing one-piece garments. “She didn’t
look like him and she didn’t look like us, either,” Jen said, a child’s
unwittingly succinct description of these apparent hybrids.
Even more damaging to the idea that all of this was just a five-yearold’s invention is the fact that Jen’s account made no sense to her at
all-though it clearly resonates with those of us familiar with the
abduction phenomenon. From a child’s point of view, although the
events of that night were not normal, they were not meaningful, either.
The odd children neither threatened Jen nor were friendly to her. If this
was either a dream or a fabrication, it contained no monsters, no saviors, no obviously meaningful events. Throughout, the main participants-the odd children-were merely neutral observers, and for Jen,
what they were observing-her play on the swings and slides-was stupid and incomprehensible. Hardly the colorful subject matter of a
child’s imagination or dream.
Finally, Jen reported one other detail that, in its very triviality, shows
every sign of a real observation and carries absolutely no flavor of the
kind of detail a child might invent or dredge up in a dream. The image
is that of one of the “twins” sitting on the ground, watching Jen at play
on a swing while idly lifting up handfuls of sand and letting the grains
run down over her foot. It seems to me that this utterly inconsequential
detail-a throwaway visual image if ever there was one-is exactly the
kind of thing a child might notice in the real world but that would
never turn up in her fantasies, dreams, or made-up stories. Details like
this are sometimes invented by a clever adult, particularly if that adult
is a novelist or a cinematographer, but not by an unimaginative fiveyear-old. To me, the image of a strange little girl idly dripping sand
across her foot sounds far more like something Jen actually saw.
So now, if we accept the validity of Jen’s account, what are we to
make of it? The answer involves a look into abduction patterns discovered in earlier research. When I first came upon the aliens’ apparent
interest in creating hybrids, I became particularly interested in the
“baby presentation” scenes I described previously. Central to these presentation scenes were the abductees’ perceptions that their instinctive,
human reactions to these strange children were being intensely perceived and absorbed by the UFO occupants. One woman described a
rush of emotions so sudden and confusing that she was uncertain if
she or one of the aliens was the source of this flood of feeling. She
believes, as do many other abductees, that the UFO occupants can telepathically “read” human emotions just as easily as human thoughts.
Perhaps such artificially contrived situations as baby presentations
facilitate the aliens’ understanding of the human psyche and the way in
which we might one day accept actual alien infants in our midst. And
perhaps the UFO occupants can only achieve this kind of immediate
emotional understanding by face-to-face observation of human beings
in such confrontations. If little five-year-old Jen was being unwittingly
used to instruct hybrids in the correct feelings of human play, one can
hardly avoid the thought that at some future date these nonhuman
children will be used to infiltrate our conventional world of swing sets,
jungle gyms, and play groups.
But now we must face another disturbing but eminently logical
extension of this idea: If the UFO occupants’ agenda includes preparation for eventual coexistence with us humans, is there any evidence that
right now, at this very moment, beings allied with them are already
here, living covertly among us? To answer this question, we must first
define which of the various types of beings described by abduction
experiencers could actually be living among us and still “pass” as sufficiently human-looking. Clearly, the ubiquitous small, hairless, hugeeyed gray creatures would hardly be acceptable. Nor would the tall,
insectlike “praying mantis” type of creature, or anything scaly-skinned
and reptilian, to name two of the rarer, more exotic alien types that
have been reported from time to time.
Part-alien, part-human hybrids similar to the children Jen encountered are often described by abductees as appearing acceptably
human-looking, and, despite the occasional presence of overlarge
eyes, larger-than-usual heads, and other odd features, apparently
many could blend successfully into normal society. But there is still
another category altogether: individuals who appear to be fully human
and with virtually no alien characteristics except, sometimes, extraordinary telepathic gifts. This type of individual seems to exist cooperatively right along with the more typical hairless, gray-skinned UFO
occupants, sharing their aims, values and manipulative skills. These
genetically complex creatures-the “normals”-will occupy our attention in the following chapters.
All of this, of course, is not only highly speculative but also unpleasantly tinged with paranoia. But might it be true nevertheless? Might
there actually be, living among us, aliens who look like us but who have
the dazzling psychic skills and unnerving manipulative abilities of
their small, gray, black-eyed allies?


================================================================
14. THE BREAKDOWN OF THE BARRIERS BETWEEN SPECIES

Lawrence Krauss, chairman of the physics department at Case
Western Reserve University, would likely have no disagreement
with the assertion that sexual reproduction between aliens and humans
would “obviously” be impossible. In his 1997 book, Beyond Star Trek,
Krauss stated that producing viable offspring as an outcome of two different species mating was as unlikely as “running a Macintosh code on
a Windows 95 system.”1 In the course of my own research, I’ve come to
much the same conclusion. You’d think, then, that I could simply wash
my hands of the most disturbing aspect of the abduction scenario-the
hybrid baby-presentation scenes and some abductees’ accounts of
meeting such hybrids as adults, right here in daily life on Earth. If science says interspecies hybridization is impossible, why not accept that
as one of nature’s givens?
For decades, it has been a well-accepted biological fact that even
species with almost the same genetic codes are biologically incompatible when it comes to reproduction. One of the most striking aspects of
nature’s barriers was highlighted in 2000, after scientists completed
the human genome sequencing project. Although biologists had long
estimated a very high correlation between our genetic material and that
of the great apes, nearly everyone was startled to find how small the differences 
actually are between the species-for example, only 1.3 percent difference in the genomic sequencing (or lineup and matching of
chromosomes) between ourselves and the chimpanzee. Yet, as far as is
known in the public literature, there have never been any ape-man
hybrids-not even any chimpanzee-gorilla hybrids.

Tracking Down the Stolen Genes
In a case of genetic thievery of astonishing proportions,
researchers have described how a hot-springs bacterium snatched
at least a quarter of its genes from another species. Scientists have
conventionally believed that every type of organism sat on its own
distinct branch on the tree of life-that new species evolved, slowly,
gradually, as their genetic structures mutated or recombined in
unusual ways through sexual reproduction.
But now evidence is mounting that lateral gene transfer-the
wholesale exchanges of genetic material from one species to
another-can quickly create an entirely new species. A team of
researchers at The Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR) in
Rockville, Maryland, says: “The tree of life has become a weird, intermixing bush.”2
Doing their initial detective work with a hot-springs strain of
bacterium, the team mapped the complete two-million-gene
sequence of Thermotoga maritima. They then compared that complete sequence with others in a comprehensive database that contained all twenty known microbial genetic sequences on file. A
strikingly close match was found in an organism called Archaea that
lacks a nucleus. Because the hot-springs bacteria and Archaea come
from such separate domains, the researchers speculated that the
genes were somehow transferred in large bundles between the two
species. It is a phenomenon that is highly unlikely to happen in the
natural process of a species changing over time, i.e., through adaptive evolution. “This is the strongest evidence to date for lateral
gene transfer,” says molecular evolutionist Ford Doolittle of the
Canadian Institute for Advanced Research.3
Like minuscule football players, bacteria hold the world record for
completing these lateral passes of the genetic ball. Animals, on the
other hand, are generally thought to be at the other extreme: Their
overall complexity-of DNA sequencing, and mating rituals, among
others-generally keeps the genetic ball within the species’ boundaries. But even in animals, interspecies transfers can sometimes be
forced. What we still don’t know, though, is how or why any organism is able to seize such a fortune in raw genetic material from
another species and get away with it. Nor is anyone certain how
often the heist is pulled off-and in how many species.
There are a host of reasons why Krauss and others like him who disdain the idea of alien-human hybrids cannot be easily dismissed. As you
probably learned in Biology 101, a hybrid offspring-like any other offspring of sexual reproduction-would receive half of its genetic information from the male sperm of one species and the other half from a
female egg of another species. Applying this basic science to what was
being reported in abduction cases, UFO researchers speculated that the
frail, half-alien, half-human-looking children reported by abductees
were the hybrid products of human gametes (sex cells) fused with an
alien equivalent. After fertilization-most often in vitro, although
sometimes through coerced sexual intercourse-these hybrids were
then implanted in a female abductee for a short time, days or weeks.
Usually in the first trimester-or even sooner, before she even realized
she was pregnant-the woman would be reabducted and find herself in
a “medical” setting aboard an alien craft. With the small gray beings
going about their business with robotic efficiency, the woman would
often see or sense that a fetus was removed from her. It would then be
left to mature in a sort of baby laboratory/factory on the alien craft. In
the work of abduction researchers like Budd Hopkins, David Jacobs,
John Mack, and John Carpenter, the fetus factory reported by abductees
aboard UFOs became a standard pattern of the field.

12
A pair of fetuses in a double nursery tank, drawn by
a female abductee. (from Budd Hopkins’s archives)
The Breakdown of the Barriers Between Species 165
13
A forty-year-old abductee’s sketch of an alien
“baby factory” she recalled during a hypnosis session
in 1994. (Courtesy of David M. Jacobs)

But there’s one big problem with this scenario, as espoused by UFO
researchers. It describes a process that evolutionary biology tells us is
highly unlikely. According to earthly biologists, there are specific ways
that nature maintains its formidable system of barriers between interspecies breeding:
• Different courtship signals between species. Let’s imagine a
male firefly urgently courting a female beetle. He’d do what his
genes tell him to do: send her a specific pattern of blinking
lights. But, to his disappointment, he’d find his signal totally lost
on his lady-love. She, perhaps, never looks up from the leaf
mulch-just keeps her head cocked, alert for a certain scent or
pheromone from the underbrush. It is the beetle wooing signal
she recognizes. Besides, given their circumstances-him flying
about up there, her down here-she just knows it wouldn’t work
out. An insect’s Casablanca.
• Anatomical incompatibility. Male dragonflies, for example, use a
pair of special appendages to clasp the female during copulation.
When the male mounts a female of a different species, he is unsuccessful because his clasping appendages don’t fit the strangerfemale’s form well enough to get a firm grip. Some species’ genitalia form a lock-and-key pattern, preventing mismatches.
• Species-specific chemical signals. These are sent out from both
sperm and eggs of many animals; the signals zero in on similarities and allow only the correct sex cells to fuse. Even if your
child’s guinea pig did have a little fling with the family’s pet rat,
the guinea pig’s eggs would not recognize the rat sperm, and no
zygote or (pre-embryo) would be formed.
• Different species pack their genes in diverse ways. For this reason,
the honeymoon luggage would be wildly mismatched. The egg
from one species and the sperm from another aren’t likely to go
anywhere together. They carry enormously different amounts of
DNA, and each one stacks its genes into chromosomal structures
that the other can’t even recognize. Human cells, for example, have
46 chromosomes (the genetic material from combined sperm and
egg) made up into 23 pairs. But other animals can have anywhere
from 2 to 200 such structures. In order for any fertilized egg to
develop, identical structures, one from each parent, must find each
other and pair up. If the amounts of DNA, the sequence of chromosomes, or the chemical coding are different in any way, so that
the pairing isn’t perfect, there will be no hybrid baby.
In the normal, same-species dance of mating, the male and female
sex cells of each organism would blow chemical signal “kisses” to each
another and then, as the band played on, the organisms’ chromosomes
would touch and come together at just the right places and time.
Eventually, in beautiful, preordained harmony, the proteins and DNA
of male and female would meld together into the makings of their future
offspring. But if the male and female partners are drastically mismatched-out of sync-and don’t even speak the same chemical language, their baby-making potential is doomed. Even on the odd
chance that the egg is fertilized, it
is destined to spontaneously
abort. That’s why a test-tube mating of mice and humans doesn’t
produce offspring, even though
there’s 90 to 95 percent sameness
in the DNA and proteins between
the two species-a piece of trivia
that should be humbling, if not
thought-provoking.4
The One-of-a-Kind Mule
There are very few exceptions to
Chicks atop a picture of a genetic the strict boundaries that nature
map of a chicken. The chicken
genome has thirty-nine pairs of
has erected between species
chromosomes, while the human interbreeding. Any country pergenome contains twenty-three pairs. son, of course, knows that mules
(Photo courtesy of the Agricultural Research are one of the few exceptions. As
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture) the granddaughter of a turn-of-
the-century Oklahoma farmer, I have a passing interest in mules: One
of those powerful draft animals permanently crippled my maternal
grandfather with one swift kick. A cross between a horse and donkey,
the mule is intentionally bred and highly valued by farmers as a sturdy
work animal. But an unfortunate outcome of most hybridization (crossspecies breeding) is sterility. The exceptions mostly occur in plants:
Researchers have found it is quite likely and common for certain segments of DNA to be transferred between plants and inherited as a permanent genetic change. Modified crops that resist insects are a bioengineered example of this principle. But in higher mammals the transfer
of entire genomes between species is much more complex, leaving the
hardworking mule stranded, unable to produce fertile sex cells
(gametes). Therefore he can’t reproduce himself in future generations.
He’s just one of a kind, not the beginnings of a new species.
In the rare instance where a hybrid does reproduce a second generation, biologists use the term hybrid breakdown to indicate the almost
inevitable downhill slide of the new hybrid species. While the original
hybrid (F1) may be fertile, by the second generation (F2) the animals are
deformed, frail, and sterile. Researchers believe that the benefits that
might be gained by an organism inheriting the genes of another species
are balanced out by costs to the organism which we don’t yet recognize.
These are only some of the interspecies genetic-transfer issues that
might well be complicating the lives of our alien visitors and their purposes, because, as far as we know, the aliens are not magical or impervious
to mistakes and misunderstandings about their human subjects. During
abductions, they’ve been reported to be absolutely flummoxed by a pair of
false teeth, a tampon, or how to put an abductee back into a pair of jeans.
Rethinking the Alien-Human Hybridization Plan
Given such complex natural barriers between species, it seems that we
must seriously question accounts like those of the child describing the
hybrid-seeming group of “twins” on Cape Cod, or many women’s (and
some men’s) reports of aliens handing them the strange, listless babies
they somehow know are their own-the children that look a bit like us
and a bit like “them.” Yet, credible abduction researchers such as Budd
Hopkins, David Jacobs, John Mack, Richard Hall, Raymond Fowler,
John Carpenter, claim that there is a strong alien interest in collecting
human sperm and ova in various ways and that they are engaged in a
cross-breeding program with earthlings. As most mainstream scientists would say, since such a thing doesn’t exist in the natural world, it is
obviously an impossible and silly scenario.
The issue here is that, technically, hybridization, a process of sexual
reproduction, isn’t biologically feasible between two such unlike species as
aliens and humans. But even without the science to back them up, abduction researchers stubbornly persist in reporting what witnesses tell them.
Time, though, has an odd way of justifying the iconoclast, the dissenter from the norm. And time has led to some interesting developments that may lead us to hesitate in dismissing these experiencers’
reports of hybrid infants. Within the last five years, human science has
developed to the point where the technology of gene transfer (transgenics) gives the abductees’ stories scientific credibility, even by human
standards. We, in fact, are just beginning to learn the techniques of breaking
down the barrier between species-something the aliens appear to have
mastered many generations ago. So forget sex. It’s not about sexual
reproduction. It’s about a much more refined and targeted way of intermingling genetic material between species.
Even those who have long contributed to UFO research, such as natural scientist Dr. Michael Swords of Western Michigan University, have
been critical of abduction researchers’ insistence that the primary purpose of abductions is an ongoing program of interspecies mingling. In
a 1988 article, “Extraterrestrial Hybridization Unlikely,” Swords laid
out some of the well-accepted biological facts about the firewall that
stands between species. At that time he concluded:
If ET is not an incredible molecular architect, it can’t make the independently evolved sperm and egg genetically compatible; if ET is
such an incredible molecular architect, it has many more sensible
ways of pursuing such experimental programs (or whatever they
are). . . . In fact, sperm and eggs would be the stupidest cells to harvest as they contain only half the genes [of each parent]. It would be
far simpler and less traumatic to take simple surface somatic cells
and use the genome they contain.7
Humanized Mice
In May 1997, a Japanese pharmaceutical research laboratory
made history. In a landmark achievement, they transplanted an
entire human chromosome and its complete genetic code into a
mouse. That’s fifty times the amount of DNA that earlier techniques
had allowed them to transfer between species! But just as dramatic
was the news that the tagged human genes actually functioned
normally in their new mouse host. For years scientists have been
able to transfer isolated human genes into the mouse genome. But
they’d never before been able to insert both the gene and the
instructions for where they wanted it to be deployed in the mouse’s
body-not to mention what it was to do once it got there.
The newborn “humanized” mice surprised even the researcher,
Isao Ishida, a geneticist at the Kirin brewing company in Japan. For
the first time, Ishida said, the transgenic mice were properly expressing a group of human immune genes in their own major organs,
such as human liver genes in the mouse liver and human heart
muscle genes in their mousy little hearts.5
The current trend in labs all over the world is to insert more and
more human DNA into an animal of another species. In pigs, for
example, the technique is being used to breed pigs with “humanized” organs that won’t be rejected when transplanted into a
human recipient.6 Although gene transfer, in this case, makes the
pig organs more human only in the limited sense of altering certain
surface proteins, all of these developments are being hailed as
major advancements in the creation of animal models to study
human genetic diseases and how complex gene families work
together. They are also due to become major issues of social concern, related to ethics and human values.
What the successful transfer of genes does for our present discussion of the problems inherent in alien-human hybridization is to
offer us another way to think about how that goal might be accomplished.
As anyone familiar with the abduction literature knows, researchers
have reported over the past twenty years that experiencers consistently
discover a large scoop-mark-type scar someplace on their skin, a finding
often directly associated with a consciously recalled UFO abduction.
Swords’s comment about alien harvesting of human skin cells would
support the hypothesis that ET is indeed interested in obtaining a complete genome from an abductee, rather than-or in addition to-the individual’s gametes or sex cells, which only contain half the person’s DNA.
According to Dr. John Altshuler, the Denver pathologist who has
extensively studied cattle mutilations, soft skin tissue of the type associated with abductee scoop marks is the most rapidly reproducing form
of mammalian cells, outside of ova and sperm. Altshuler also sees certain universal aspects of the genetic code: At the molecular level, the
production of specific structural proteins is identical across species.8 At
this point we can only speculate that a species more advanced than
ours might well find a way to use the human skin cell and/or sex cell as
basic source material for reproduction or regeneration of their own
genetic material. The stuff of which we’re made is not as special as
we’d like to think.
When it comes to the subject of alien-human cross-breeding, there
are at least three major assumptions being made by Krauss, science
writer Clifford Pickover, and Swords in his 1988 argument. Those
assumptions are: (1) that ETs (or aliens) have evolved independently
from humans (meaning it is likely that they are less related to us than a
cockroach would be); (2) that aliens must have different subcellular
chemical and structural characteristics, which would make hybridization impossible; and (3) that if aliens are sophisticated enough to arrive
on Earth, they are most likely superb molecular bioengineers-knowing all about human physiology and able to redesign or intermix
genetic material within this new species the moment their bipedal
limbs hit terra firma.
For some people, assuming that ETs are independently evolved, technically sophisticated beings with knowledge that dwarfs our human
abilities imbues those creatures with a nearly godlike mystique and
power. But isn’t it more likely that we’re simply talking about other intelligent beings-intergalactic anthropologists or travelers, if you will-
who fly over and occasionally land on this strange planet called Earth
that is simply crawling, striding, bouncing, rolling, and floating with billions of life forms they may never have seen before? Why assume that
they enter the earthly fray omniscient and all-knowing? In order to
manipulate life on Earth, some types of aliens would most likely face a
learning curve. They’d have to learn how to control and reshape the
most basic elements of human life-our molecular structures, our DNA
code, and the complexities of timing when certain developments
Versatile Skin
Until recently, most scientists believed that adult cells, such as
the surface somatic cells that make up the skin, had made irreversible decisions about what type of tissue they were and what
their function was. A cell skimmed from the external layers of skin,
for example, could only make more skin cells, but not kidney or heart
cells. But some preliminary studies suggest that may not be true.
Neurobiologist Freda Miller of McGill University in Montreal
says that skin would be ‘’a dream source” for her work with neural
cells. Miller says skin is “easily accessible, and there would be no
danger of the immune system rejecting cell transplants derived
from a patient’s own skin.”9
In another study at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, skin
cells were taken from sheep, pigs, monkeys, and rats. The skin cell’s
nuclei, an inner mass containing each animal’s full genome, were
stripped from each cell and successfully fused into cow eggs that
had been emptied of their own nuclei. The cow cells had effectively
become containers-support systems-for the other animals’
genetic material. Although the study ended before any pregnancies
were carried to term, the fusion clearly worked. The fibroblasts from
monkey, pig, rats, and sheep all began to develop and grow inside a
cow cell.10
Given these recent developments in somatic (skin) cell techology,
we’re forced to consider its possible use by extraterrestrials who regularly leave distinctive scoop marks on the skin of people reporting
abduction experiences.
occur. It’s a prodigiously time-intensive, complex, and experimental
process that we ourselves know comparatively little about. Any foreign
scientist or explorer would have to go through a process of learning the
complexities of an unknown intelligent organism’s physiology, neurology, psychology, and reproductive system, the subtle interactions of all
those elements, and more.
But Michael Swords argues, hypothetically, that ETs have had plenty
of ramp-up time: They might well have been visiting Earth for several
hundred years, at the low end, and up to three billion years for a fullblown project called “human development”:
The entire Earth ecology hangs together genetically and structurally,
from bacteria to humans, and therefore certainly from the beginning of Earth-life, 31
⁄2 billion years ago till today. The alien zookeepers must have seeded the Earth’s pre-biotic oceans aeons ago, and
kept regularly managed development experiments going throughout evolutionary history to correctly order gene and chromosome
structures until we . . . finally arrived, ready for cross-breeding. An
extremely patient project, but one which allows eggs-and-sperm
hybridization, if you wish.11
That’s certainly one scenario-one that’s impossible to prove at this
point, but a good hypothesis that would explain the modern-day
abductees’ reports of ongoing medical manipulation. But even if we’re
not willing to take that three-billion-year leap of faith, there are more
prosaic reasons for reabduction of the same human individuals over
and over. Even if the aliens-over a much more limited period of time-
have been able to develop a substantial body of knowledge about our
species, the experimentation and tinkering, the educated trial-and-error
method, would likely apply each time a new procedure was undertaken by
our extraterrestrial visitors upon our hapless selves. At the National
Institutes for Health, this periodic, formalized exploration of human
responses to new stimuli is called a clinical trial: Take an individual,
infuse her with a new drug or put him into a novel setting, and study
what happens. There’s not just one clinical trial where human scientists
study their fellow humans and learn all that they can discover: There are
literally thousands of such scientific trials going on simultaneously
around the world. Is it too foolhardy to speculate that scientists from
non-Earth also have use of human subjects for multiple trials?
The analogy, of course, is to that of human scientists in white lab
coats, holding in cages a wide range of “inferior” species-mice, dogs,
rabbits, monkeys, and apes. The researchers-and our society-regard
these animals as fair game for use as medical models. The animals
repeatedly undergo tests of all kinds involving physical, neurological,
surgical, genetic, and other procedures that are of interest to human
beings. It certainly would be a shock to our system to think that the
tables could be turned-that we humans are the wildlife being studied
in our natural environs by beings so technologically advanced that they
seem magical or godlike to us.
Unless, of course, the visitors are the source of our origin-which
brings us back to the most essential human questions that are regularly
stirred up by the UFO phenomenon: Where do we come from? Who are
we? Where are we going? Many people can’t help but wonder how the
alien visitors are tied in to these questions-if perhaps their role has
been, over millions of years, to play some part in our human past, present, and future. Some scientists speculate that we are an originally
“seeded” species, engineered to be genetically similar to the aliens.12
Transgenics versus Hybridization
Since most of the witnesses’ experiences, both consciously recalled and
hypnotically retrieved, point back again and again to some procedure
that relates to blending aliens and humans, let’s assume there’s something there to be explored. We’ve already established that hybridization,
as in a blending of egg and sperm in sexual reproduction between different species, is not the most likely candidate, so let’s look at one of the
most revolutionary fields of science today, transgenics, or the splicing of
a gene from one species into the genetic material (genome) of a totally
different species. Think of a tomato bearing the genes of a salmon,
enabling it to ripen despite the chilly autumn. Imagine corn genetically
fused with an insect-repelling bacterium, or a pig born with multiple
human genes in its liver, heart, and kidneys.
These oddities are not science fiction. They are actual examples of
bioengineered organisms that are, or can become, part of our daily
lives. It’s even possible to imagine news stories like these in the nottoo-distant future:
• A large grocery chain is sued after it was discovered to be
selling strawberries grown in December. The problem was
that they hadn’t disclosed that the berries were implanted
with specific genes from a fish that can swim comfortably
in the icy Atlantic Ocean.
• A couple’s agent announces a prebirth, multimillion-dollar
contract for the future services of their custom-designed
embryo that will grow to be eight feet tall and gifted with
superior athletic abilities.
• A conceptual artist at the Art Institute of Chicago releases
250 normal-looking toddlers, each born with a spliced gene
from a jellyfish, into an exhibition space. Before worldwide
cameras, the babies turn on their charm: When the fluorescent
light switch is thrown, they all glow a greenish-blue.
What Does Transgenics Have to Do with Alien Abductions?
It’s a new millennium, one in which engineered biology could well
change the course of the world or the universe-for better or for worse.
Nobody’s offering any guarantees. But, given our new insight into bioengineering of earthly organisms, we can only speculate that this technique of gene transfer in larger and larger quantities between species
may offer some new clues about what is really going on with the socalled human-alien hybrids. In its most basic form, transgenics refers
to genetic modification, usually in a single gene. The genome is
changed by injecting a small segment of foreign (another species’)
DNA into a developing egg or embryo. (This usually requires a “bus” of
some kind to carry the gene into the host genome; usually a harmless
virus is used as the vehicle.) If the foreign DNA becomes fully integrat-
A gene from a jellyfish is implanted into the egg of a monkey. A virus is
used as the foreign gene’s vector, or carrier,into the egg. After fertilization,
the egg is transferred to the womb of a host mother. She later gives birth
to a genetically modified young primate,whose DNA carries a fluorescent
marker gene. If the foreign or alien gene is expressed outwardly and if
the lighting is correct, the infant monkey will glow bright green.
1. A virus containing a jellyfish gene is inserted into monkey egg
2. Once implanted, virus skin is shed. Jellyfish gene is released.
3. Alien (jellyfish) DNA attaches to monkey’s genetic material.
4. The egg receives
one sperm for
fertilization.
5. Fertilized egg
develops into
a transgenic
monkey.
ed into the host’s genetic structure (genome), the “transgene” can be
fully operative in the transgenic animal and will be inherited by its offspring, which will pass the altered gene along to all future generations.13
I’m suggesting now that what the ETs may be creating are not hybrids
at all but transgenic human beings. It is both biologically possible and
would best fit the profile of a secretive, invasive force that might be intent
on conquering us from within-or, equally possible, healing or altering
the genes that no longer work for us in our present environment. The
change could happen one genetic code word at a time-or an entire chromosome at a time. Either way, if the genes to be modified were carefully
selected, it could take thousands of years before any significant outward
physical change would be noticed. The cultural devastation and massive
destruction of the movie Independence Day would never have to be played
out, Hollywood-style-not if the human race was becoming, one gene at
a time, more like the aliens. Or they more like us.
Biologists open to the reality of the UFO phenomenon have indicated as early as 1988 that partial hybridization between humans and
aliens would be the only reasonable scientific possibility-if there is
any truth to abductions at all.14 Yet there is still an insistence that the
“sperm and egg routine” reported by abductees isn’t a very likely route
for such blending of interspecies traits.
Looking at the most recent studies on transgenic animals, however,
I’d prefer to leave human sex cells in the running as likely candidates
for alien harvesting. According to a citation in PubMed, the respected
on-line site for juried scientific research, the journal Environmental
Health Perspectives reported:
Transgenic mice are a unique tool for understanding how interactions between individual genes and the environment affect human
health. . . . Most transgenic mice are made by injecting a transgene
into fertilized eggs. The eggs are removed from the oviduct, and
an ultrafine glass pipet is used to inject a solution containing a
few hundred copies of the transgene DNA into the nucleus. The
injected eggs are put into the oviduct of a surrogate mother, and the
pups are born 19 days later. Some of these mice will have the transgene incorporated into their genome and their descendents for generations to follow will also carry the transgene.15
In other words, when attempting to modify a species, our own scientists
insert the gene of the “alien” or other species into an egg that has
already known (in the best biblical sense of the word) a sperm. The
researchers in animal science at University of California at Davis also
state:
Transgenic animals carry a genetic modification, usually a single
gene, that was introduced by injecting a small piece of foreign DNA
into a developing embryo. If the foreign DNA is stably integrated
into the host genome, the “transgene” can be expressed by the transgenic animal and passed in the gametes to future generations.16
These are difficult issues to take in, both emotionally and intellectually. The subtle but inexorable alteration of the human species? Who
wants to deal with navigating the complex technological and scientific
issues of that idea? Even if we think of bioengineering dilemmas as
strictly human, earthly technologies, it’s likely to take a series of highly
emotional or outrageous incidents to bring society face-to-face with the
implications of transgenics. When it does, don’t be surprised if you
hear loud rumblings and find skid marks on the pavement surrounding the subject. Because if hybridization is a calico alley cat, transgenics is a glossy, cybernetic cheetah. It’s as invisible as it wants to be-a
high-tech, easy-to-conceal kind of genetic manipulation. And it can
change the genome of an entire species in a condensed amount of
time-without being visible in the exterior traits of the animal.
This last point is a significant one to keep in mind as we explore further what might be happening to abductees. If there is genetic manipulation or gene transfer going on, it would be a very subtle process of
change. Biologists tell us that an entire species can do most of its
changing internally, with new species traits only gradually manifesting
themselves in outward appearance and behavior.
Remember the imagined uproar caused by consumers who bought
strawberries in December and later discovered that a salmon gene had
been covertly inserted into their fruit, allowing it to survive a frost? The
current biotech industry shows that we can already harness and reroute
the basic elements of life by inserting specific genes from one species
into another. A perfect example of this is the general conversion, world-
wide, to genetically modified foods-often unlabeled as such-which
have become the most widely adopted products in the history of cultured crops. According to Michael Specter, writing in The New Yorker,
an estimated thirty thousand products are now made from genetically
modified crops. Have you eaten corn or corn products lately? What
about tomatoes, soybeans, squash, pasta, breads, ice cream, candy, or
processed meats? If you have, you’ve almost certainly consumed genetically modified foods.17
The First Bioengineered Monkey Born
Scientists in Portland, Oregon, announced in mid-January, 2001,
the birth of the first monkey with genetically engineered cells.
Molecular tests prove that the foreign gene from another species is
definitely in the newborn’s cells, the scientists say, making him a
genuine transgenic monkey. But it’s still too early to tell whether the
gene’s function will express itself in the monkey’s physical appearance (phenotype) or be permanently passed along in his sperm.18
But if and when the foreigner’s gene does turn on, it will literally
light up the monkey. The gene that was inserted was a “marker
gene” from a jellyfish-a visible way for the scientists to track the
gene’s progress. It causes the monkey cells to make a protein that
glows under a fluorescent light. Among the group of researchers at
Oregon Health Sciences University, this is seen as only a first step in
the ultimate goal of creating colonies of monkeys that have been
genetically modified to develop human diseases. Lucky them. And
they didn’t even have to sign an informed-consent form.
Still, it’s a step that other scientists consider controversial. “Once
you start attempting genetic engineering in monkeys, humans
can’t be far behind,” says Professor Lori Andrews of the ChicagoKent College of Law.
Actually, UFO researchers have been suggesting for some time
that this is exactly what is going on with millions of adults living in
the United States alone. And, just as in the monkey’s case, the
abductee does not go willingly and never has to consent.
But a simple, stark fact that most scientists agree on is that when you
move DNA from one species to another, there’s no telling how the new
combination of genes will interact or what possibly lethal effects might
result.19 For those of us interested in the impact upon our species of
ostensible ET genetic manipulation, the opponents of bioengineered
foods make a major relevant point: that the action of any gene can
depend upon the species in which it is placed. Abductees, instead of
having nightmares about possible creations of “superweed,” might substitute the term supervirus-a highly possible by-product of DNA transfer between species that could be unleashed on the human race, either
unknowingly or intentionally. In a somewhat different problem of biology, scientists know that although transplanted organs from primates to
humans would provide the best chance of “taking,” the idea is rejected
for fear of transmitting retroviruses into the human population.20
With virtually no informed public consent, science has taken the
human species to the very outposts of a new frontier in understanding
how life can be created, altered, manipulated, and changed. Whether
all these things should be done or not is a different question-one that
we all need to seriously consider. Just because science can make something happen doesn’t always mean that it should, according to the distinguished philosopher of science Philip Kitchner. There is, he says, no
definitive right to pursue knowledge for its own sake, with no regard
for consequences.21
It may very well be that a culture several million years in advance of
our own culture has already confronted the technology of bioengineering. The basic building blocks of life-proteins, amino acids, sugars,
etc.-appear to be the same throughout the universe. The question is:
How different are the issues and problems of altering the life-forms on
Earth from those of other planets or in other dimensions? On Earth, as
most biologists will tell you, the process is complex, intertwined with
other systems, and not yet well enough understood to be predictable
and safe for human use. With no federal or institutional support at all,
abductees can only hope and pray that the extraterrestrials know what
they are doing-that we are not just the experimental-lab “wet-brains,”
those mushy and unstable biological organisms who might well be
candidates for upgrading to posthumanist level, at the very least.
Disturbing thoughts, I’ll admit. Who wants to feel this helplessly igno-
rant and in the hands of an unknown force that most people are still
embarrassed to acknowledge as an intermittent presence on Earth? Our
little lives are difficult and complex enough without the oblique shadow of
alien intruders or anthropologists hovering over our heads. The predicament we’re in brings to mind one of Budd’s many stories, an anecdote
about one of his first New York art dealers, a tiny Jewish woman named
Tirca. Taking some paintings up to her Madison Avenue gallery one day,
Budd, a politically involved young artist, launched into a passionate monologue on a particular issue of the day. As he pressed on, enumerating the
intricacies of the problem, Tirca put up a weary hand: “Stop! Stop! Just tell
me this,” she said. “Is it good for the Jews, or is it bad for the Jews?”
The Sweet Spot in the Asteroid Belt
Even the phrase It came from outer space! almost needs to be
accompanied by a theremin, that quirky electronic instrument-a
slightly ominous, tongue-in-cheek sound-that accompanied so
many 1950’s science-fiction movies. But in December 2001, scientists from the NSA’s Ames Research Center reported in the journal
Nature that their most recent findings led them to a startling conclusion: Sugars from space may have nourished the first life on
Earth. This source of life did come from outer space, with no
theremin accompainment.
A pair of meteorites, carbon-rich asteroid fragments that fell to
Earth have been well studied, mainly because one of them is loaded
with organic compounds, including amino acids and sugars, the
building blocks of proteins. The NASA team says this implies that
life on Earth might have originally been “seeded” by organic compounds falling from the skies. An alternative theory suggests that
all Earth’s life would have had to start from scratch, forming its own
life-giving compounds here on the young planet.
Now the team has discovered a sugar molecule in the same
meteorites-another essential building block of life-that might
have landed here from outer space. Sugars, life’s main energy store,
form part of the backbone of the DNA and RNA molecules, found in
all living organisms.22
So, like Tirca, let’s jump to the bottom line: There’s a daily unfolding drama over what’s safe and what’s still unknown about bioengineered plants, animals, and humans. How can we know if what seems
to be substantial alien intervention in our population is good for the
humans-or bad for the humans? The best we can do at this point is
stay tuned to the cutting-edge work in our own biotechnologies, hoping
for some parallel insights into alien activity.
A First Step: Creation
of a Sheep-Goat
In the 1980’s, dramatic advances in gene transfer technology began
toppling the presumed solid barrier between species in laboratories
around the world. For example, in the Department of Animal Sciences
at the University of California at Davis, researchers are working with a
variety of transgenic technologies using domestic livestock. The group’s
emphasis is on establishing cows and other large animals as producers
of pharmaceutical drugs, such as blood-clotting factors for humans that
would be expressed in the cows’ milk.23
By combining cells from goats and sheep, The Embryo Transfer
Lab at UC Davis has also made an end run around the natural barriers
that generally put an end to interspecies pregnancy through miscarriage. In the usual scenario involving interspecies fertilization, the
fetus is experienced as a foreign body within the mother and she
expels it from her body. The UC Davis team transferred cells between
the species to produce fertile, healthy sheep-goat chimeras, i.e., a goat
or sheep that produces both sheep and goat blood cells. By using certain embryo manipulation techniques with a chimeric female, the
researchers have created an interspecies pregnancy in which the pregnant nanny goat is able to tolerate the foreign sheep fetus without
aborting it. The sheep genes flowing in the nanny’s blood recognize
the fetus as hers, preventing her from rejecting the fetus as a hostile
takeover attempt.
The Cloning of a Sheep Named Dolly
Why does the whole world know the name of a curly-haired barnyard
beauty named Dolly? Since she burst upon the science scene in 1997,
Dolly, the Scottish sheep who was cloned from another sheep’s adult
cell, has been mentioned in over four thousand news articles in major
U.S. magazines and newspapers alone, as well as in countless other
print outlets and radio and television broadcasts around the world.
She’s also the subject of at least fourteen books for the layperson. Intercut on television with footage from Frankenstein, Brave New World, and
The Boys from Brazil, Dolly’s fame emerged instantly, not from what she
really is, but from what she represents. To the billions of people who
took note of Dolly’s creation, she’s the living proof that genetic cloning
of adult human beings is no longer in the realm of the impossible. This
innocent-looking white ewe has become a metaphor for the seemingly
godlike power that scientists now have to both create and control life.24
Dolly’s creators, biologists Ian Wilmut and Keith Campbell of
Scotland’s Roslin Institute, are a bit startled at the public’s fascination
with Dolly, who has become the world’s first famous cloned large animal. What the researchers wish that we understand is that Dolly should
matter to ordinary people for reasons other than because she was successfully cloned from a single adult cell of another sheep or that she is
that sheep’s genetic replica, in some spooky imitation of science fiction.
In their book The Second Creation: The Age of Biological Control by the
Scientists Who Cloned Dolly, Campbell and Wilmut are clear that popular media has misrepresented what Dolly represents to them, at least.
Her true significance, they say, is in the fact that Dolly’s creation laid
the groundwork for making the best use of transgenic animals-those
expressing a specific transplanted gene from another species. The
transplanted trait might involve the production of leaner meat, for
example, or spider-silk strands and pharmaceutical drugs that can be
expressed in animals’ milk. Dolly isn’t significant only because she was
a clone from a mammary or skin cell, but because once the ideal transgenic sheep is created, the refined craft of cloning gives scientists the
power to multiply that ideal animal almost indefinitely.
Cloning, or the making of multiple copies of an organism, the biologists believe, is just the beginning of the many benefits that
humankind will derive from engineering all types of organisms, both
plant and animal. Human and environmental needs, after all, are
always changing, never constant. The bioengineer’s goal is to discover
ways to genetically alter the life-forms around us-including us-to
better meet those new conditions.
To many people, this Promethean power has been wrongly wrested
from God or nature by scientists whose work they don’t understood
and therefore fear. Only mankind, they say, would have the hubris to
play with the very ingredients of life itself, rearranging molecules and
matter like sesame seeds shaken up and oven-browned to suit our own
liking. What this objection doesn’t take into consideration, as biologist
Michael Swords points out, is that people have been genetically modifying stock and plants for hundreds of years-by selective breeding,
grafting, cross-pollination, and many other means.
But UFO researchers and abductees might well argue that there’s
another player or two in this game-that extraterrestrials (or ultradimensional beings; take your choice) have long been engaged in a similar manipulation of our genetic material, just as we have with Dolly’s.
The evidence provided by hundreds of well-researched cases suggests
that this is the case.
What we don’t know is how “alien,” exactly, are their motives from
our own? Is it as simple as drawing an analogy between human experiments and what appear to be similar alien experiments? It would be
comforting if we even knew that for a certainty, no matter what the
implications. But my hunch is that, the way things go with this strange
phenomenon, nothing is likely to be simple-or even simply analogous.
As Budd nears the end of a hypnosis session, he often asks the
abductee if he or she would like to ask a question of the alien “doctors.”
More times than I care to remember, they usually whisper or cry out:
“What do you want from me? What are you doing this for?” That’s
more than Dolly had a chance to ask.
“My Blue Heaven”: It Just Isn’t the Same Anymore
In the popular 1927 song “My Blue Heaven,” Americans responded to
the ideal image of family: a man, a woman, “and baby makes three.”
And so it has gone, for the billions of years that homo sapiens have been
pairing off and reproducing. It’s long been considered an inviolate law
of nature that every child would be the result of two sets of parental
genes coming together, one from Mom and one from Dad. But in yet
another disruption of nature’s “laws,” researchers have announced that
babies born from a new method of treating infertility have genes from
three different people in their cells. In this case, “Molly and the donor and
me and baby make four.” The fact that an old tune doesn’t roll off the
tongue quite so trippingly is the least of the complexities here.
In dealing with certain rare forms of infertility in women, doctors at
the Institute for Reproductive Medicine and Science at St. Barnabas
Medical Center in Livingston, New Jersey, began to suspect that the
problems stemmed from some defect in the women’s own cytoplasm,
the material that surrounds the nucleus of the egg and directs its development after fertilization. So, in recent experiments, Dr. Jacques
Cohen of St. Barnabas began injecting cytoplasm from fertile women
into the eggs of the infertile women. The eggs were then fertilized with
the sperm of the women’s partners.
Out of thirty women treated with this technique, fifteen gave birth.
Using a “genetic fingerprinting” method on the infants, Dr. Cohen and
his colleagues revealed in the British journal Human Reproduction, that
genes from the donor cytoplasm are definitely present in some of the
babies, along with those of the moms and dads. But the researchers are
emphatic that the additional genes of the third-party donors are inconsequential and won’t have any effect on the children’s characteristics.25
Not so fast, say ethicists writing in the journal Science. The donated
cytoplasm of these eggs contains more than just proteins to help the
egg grow. It also holds mitochondria, the tiny structures that manufacture energy for the cells out of oxygen and nutrients. And mitochondria contain their own genetic material. The ethicists suggest that these
“experiments” would never have been approved by the federal committee that oversees genetic work. But, because the work was privately
funded, the researchers weren’t required to get anyone’s permission
except the parents-all three of them.26
In short, no one knows what effect these third-party genes will have
on the new babies-except for the fact that these children have now
been permanently genetically altered. Which means that these changes,
whatever they are, will be passed down to their own children and their
children’s children. In an environment where desperation for a child
and commercial enterprise jointly conjure up the power to force nature’s
hand, who on Earth is looking out for the future of the species?
If we Americans aren’t doing it-and we clearly aren’t moving as
quickly as our science and technologies are-it’s easy to see why many
people might be hopeful that the alien visitors to our planet are overseeing our future-that they are the benign outside force that ensures
we’ll be able to survive whatever catastrophic event comes our way, as
such things inevitably do.
The more optimistic branch of ufologists likes to say that such
benign oversight is precisely what the aliens are doing each time they
swoop down and take people off to their mysterious laboratories. But
we have no way presently to confirm that belief-or to flat-out refute it.
We don’t know what the aliens are up to any more than scientific oversight committees know the inner workings of the thousands of privately funded fertility clinics around the world.
In fact, you might fairly state that the UFO occupants are operating
without federal oversight (none that we know of, at least) or informed
consent. And, according to the 1991 Roper Poll on “Unusual Personal
Experiences,” there are an estimated 2 percent of adult Americans
(approximately four million people) who have had experiences consistent with those of the abduction phenomenon. The scope of the aliens’
apparent genetic mission is staggering.
And here we sit, in the dark about their ultimate purpose.
Unfortunately, unless we can get the human race to focus on this problem-or until the aliens tell us what they’re up to-we’re likely to
remain in that state of darkness for a long time.
My own concern is not that we are being altered, because that is an
ongoing natural process, the slow, evolutionary morphing of the Earth
and all the organisms in and on it. For centuries, people have believed
that a power larger than themselves-whether they define that as God
or the laws of nature-has been the unseen force determining their
collective futures. While the religious trusted their respective gods, the
scientists put just as much faith in the laws of nature as the ultimate
shapers of our destinies. There was a certainty, an order, inherent in
either belief system.
But then who are these little gray humanoids popping in and out of
our world, taking our sperm and ova and skin samples, only to present
us later with what they say are our offspring-wan, listless, big-eyed
infants whom some people have cradled in the palm of one hand? They
are, to borrow a famous phrase, “neither fish nor fowl.” The aliens don’t
fit anybody’s conception of a being made in God’s image-certainly
not the God of the Christians, Muslims, Jews, or Hindus. And, according to most scientists, UFOs and their occupants are not possible (or
acceptable) in the realms of science, either.
The UFO occupants’ ambiguity, their elusiveness in being categorized, and their profound secretiveness are strokes of genius, it seems
to me. In this way, they have all the control in terms of our relationship
to them. These same qualities offer our alien visitors the perfect opportunity to slip between the two mighty cultural rocks of human religion
and secular science. They slide right through our nets, evade both our
old and new systems, pass by our understanding, and go quickly, efficiently, about their business-without full disclosure, without our permission, and without official public acknowledgment that something
significant is happening to us as a species.
In comparison, my thoughts turn back to the fertility clinic in New
Jersey. What if it was suspected that some such institute was covertly,
experimentally manipulating the genetic structure of not thirty human
embryos but five million embryos? Would anyone in high places take it
seriously? Would renowned scientists speak up? With the threat of a
public uprising, would the government offer immediate resources to
uncover the facts? Or, because the idea is so inconceivable, so overwhelming, would we simply turn away and laugh it off?

======================================================================
15. THE MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH

In its December 1987 issue, Omni magazine published “Missing
Time: A New Look at Alien Abductions,” a long and generally favorable cover story with extensive coverage of my work with abductees.
Accompanying the article was a page-long, twenty-five-item questionaire entitled-by the editors-“Hidden Memories: Are You an
Abductee?” that I had been asked to prepare for the magazine. Those
readers who suspected they might indeed be abductees and who also
wished to be contacted by an investigator were encouraged to write to
me in care of Omni. As one might have expected, there were a surprisingly large number of cogent, intelligently written responses.
“Terry Winthrop,” a resident of New Jersey, was one of those who
wrote to me about her intriguing, not-so-hidden memories. What follows is the text of her original letter, which was neatly handwritten on
notebook paper:
Dear Mr. Hopkins (or Associate)
I have rewritten this letter a hundred times in my head and
on paper, it just never sounds right. I’ve just concluded it’s the
topic that is the problem, not the way I write it, so here it goes.
Approximately 14 years ago my first husband (now ex) and I
were driving home from the Jersey shore in the late afternoon.
The next thing we both knew we were sitting in the parked car
and it was dark, and we were in a place we’d never seen. There
were 2–3 hours unaccounted for. We had suddenly “wakened up”
in a barren sort of field-not on a road-with nothing at all in
sight. But neither of us had a “last memory” about how we got
there. It was very frightening, there was no explanation. It took a
while to find our way out of there as it was pretty remote and
because we weren’t on a road we didn’t know which way to go.
Even when we did get onto a road, it was one that we had never
been on before. But since we couldn’t figure out what happened
we just pushed it off as something strange and never talked or
thought about it again. Neither one of us had ever heard of missing time “events.” It wasn’t until a few weeks after I had read the
December issue of OMNI that the memory hit me in a flash. Even
as I read it, nothing. Since then I’ve been wracking my brain to try
to remember more, but as hard [as] I do I can’t. I still don’t think
that something like that could have happened. But I do feel
almost obsessed with remembering. It’s disturbing my life.
I have to tell you about something even I’m not sure of.
I’ll try to be as accurate as I can. Last summer on a very
warm, clear beautiful night, after the kids were in bed, I decided
to go outside to look at the stars. I took a couch pillow and went
to lie down on the picnic table. I had never done that before.
After a while of looking up and relaxing I watched a star that
seemed to be throbbing, pulsating as if it were going forward
and backward. Not twinkling like other stars do. I was feeling so
comfortable and relaxed. After a while something made me look
to my right above the next road. And there (I think soundless)
was a very large vehicle. It was just hovering perfectly still in
mid-air about 20–30 ft up. I was in awe and completely unafraid.
Fear was the furthest thing from my mind. I sat up on the picnic
table to get a clearer view, as my house is surrounded by woods.
Now even as I was looking at it, I was questioning my imagination. I was thinking “this can’t possibly be real,” yet I wasn’t
afraid. I was truly wondering if it was my imagination. I guess I
looked at it for about 3–4 minutes, then it slowly moved forward
and went up in a gradual incline, then suddenly it took off real
quick, and it was gone before I knew it. It was then that I got
scared. I couldn’t get into the house quick enough. I can’t
account for any missing time here because I didn’t look at my
watch when I went out, but I did when I came in and it was
much later than I thought it was. I just didn’t realize that I had
been out as long as I was. The vehicle itself was different than
I’ve ever heard of. It wasn’t round or flat or cigar shaped, it was
more like a pentagon shape. Maybe this is proof that it was my
imagination. There were lights on the sides and I think they
were red, blue-green, and white. I guess it was about 100' from
me. After feeling as scared as I did (and having a cigarette) I
went back out on the front porch because I felt safer there, closer
to the road. After I was there a while another or the same vehicle
came overhead again. It was a little higher up and didn’t stop. It
just (I think silently) flew straight over at a slow speed, and then
like the other one zipped off.
I can’t help thinking that you think I am a crackpot as you
read this. That is my greatest fear. But sometimes I think the
same thing. I told my husband about this the next day and he
just kind of humored me. That’s when I remembered the other
incident [with my ex-husband]. I didn’t tell him. He doesn’t
know I’m writing to you, either. He would think I’ve gone off the
deep end, and sometimes I feel I have.
There are some other things I would write about but I’m
afraid they don’t mean anything and you’ll just think I’m crazy.
It’s nothing. So, if my letter warrants a response please deal only
with me for now. Then I’ll tell my husband. But there’s no need
for me to talk about this right now.
I do hope you will and can help me. I’m really on the verge of
questioning my entire life, constantly.
Before I end my letter I’ll just tell you a little about myself.
My name is [Terry Winthrop]. I’m 32 years old, mother of three
children, a very happy housewife. Here is my address and phone
number [deleted] in case you can help.
Thank you for taking the time to read this. I’ll be waiting and
hoping for a response.
Sincerely,
[Terry Winthrop]
Having received and read literally thousands of similar letters from
people reporting similar anomalous incidents, I noticed a number of
features in Terry’s letter that point to a high degree of personal credibility. First, as with most witnesses whose accounts turn out upon investigation to be reliable, Terry does not claim that she is an abductee. Quite
the contrary. Over and over she states that perhaps there is nothing to
her account. After vividly describing one incident, she goes on to minimize it by saying it is “something even I’m not sure of.” Even while she
was looking at what she calls a “vehicle” with red, blue-green, and
white lights at its corners, hovering one hundred feet away and only
twenty to thirty feet above the ground, she says she “was questioning
my imagination” and thinking, “this can’t possibly be real.” Rather
than trying to ingratiate herself to me, she says, “I can’t help thinking
that you think I am a crackpot as you read this. . . . [And] sometimes I
think the same thing.”
Equally indicative of Terry’s reluctance to accept the evidence of her
eyes is her description of the vehicle she saw as having five sides-a
pentagon in shape-which she terms “different than I’ve ever heard of.
It wasn’t round or flat or cigar shaped . . . Maybe this is proof that it
was my imagination.”
Collectively, these remarks lend credence to Terry’s account for several reasons. First, anyone inventing a UFO encounter will virtually
always cite familiar mainstream images so as not to raise suspicions at
the outset by describing an “anomalous anomaly.” Second, anyone
eager to fool an investigator will deliberately avoid raising even more
doubts by admitting that maybe the reported image was a product of her
imagination. And third, though Terry did not know it, rectilinear UFOs
of the type she describes-five-sided, six-sided, and so on-have occasionally been reported, the Travis Walton UFO being a prime example.1
But there is another, even more important aspect of Terry’s letter
that caught my attention: the presence of a number of clues that suggest that both of the incidents she reports are unremembered, and
unclaimed, abductions. Her account of “waking up” with her first husband in their parked car, in the middle of a field, at night, with no idea
where they were, is a classic missing-time experience. As Terry so aptly
put it, “neither of us had a ‘last memory’ about how we got
there. . . . [T]here was no explanation.” Obviously, something happened
to the two of them during the missing two to three hours, and something caused them both to forget what it was.
Those who practice debunkery like to offer tortured conventional
explanations of how such a missing-time experience might happen to
one person-an epileptic seizure, an alcoholic blackout, “highway hypnosis,” and so on-but these experiences do not happen simultaneously to two people. That fact creates a real problem for the committed
skeptic, though this kind of simultaneous missing-time period, involving two, three, four, or even more people, has been reported in hundreds of similar reports gathered by UFO investigators.2
Yet another indication that this bizarre experience was UFOconnected has to do with something Terry mentioned in her letter about
her backyard sighting of the five-sided craft, fourteen years after her first
UFO experience: “I told my husband about this [UFO sighting] the next
day and he just kind of humored me. That’s when I remembered the
other incident.” Terry had never associated that fourteen-year-old incident with UFOs; now, however, after her sighting in the backyard, she
connected the two episodes. One is tempted to suggest that she did so
because, subconsciously, she knew the two incidents were related.
Terry’s backyard UFO encounter, while lacking a clearly measurable
sense of missing time, still offers many subtle clues that point to an
unremembered abduction. In one well-established series of reports,
abductees reported finding themselves doing something new or
unusual immediately before their abductions, as if the UFO occupants
were somehow able to compel behavior that facilitated the abductees’
capture. Thus, an individual might suddenly decide to get dressed and
go outside to take a walk at three A.M. or, while driving home, might
turn down a completely unfamiliar road and stop in the middle of a
field.
With this pattern in mind, it is interesting to note that Terry begins
her discussion of her pentagon-shaped-craft encounter with: “. . . on a
very warm, clear beautiful summer night, after the kids were in bed, I
decided to go outside to look at the stars. I took a couch pillow and went
to lie down on the picnic table. I had never done that before.” Thus, the
UFO’s arrival coincided with Terry’s doing something that to her
seemed unusual. “Coincidences” like this are far too common in
abduction cases to deserve the label coincidence.
Another pattern present in thousands of UFO abduction cases is an
improbable sense of calm and lack of fear, notable at some point in the
basic sequence of events. This near tranquility usually comes after the
initial-and usually frightening-encounter between the abductee and
the UFO occupants, as if it were the result of a psychically induced anesthetic or sedative of some kind. Then, very often when this effect is no
longer needed to render an abductee tractable, it fades and fear returns,
sometimes suddenly. In her case, Terry says that when she first saw the
UFO hovering nearby she felt awe and was completely unafraid. “Fear
was the furthest thing from my mind,” she reports, in itself an unusual
reaction to a large, unearthly-looking craft hovering nearby only twenty
or thirty feet off the ground. But a few moments later, after the object
zoomed away, she suddenly felt very frightened: “I couldn’t get into the
house quick enough.” These sharp emotional fluctuations, though typical of different stages in a UFO abduction, are rarely reported in UFO
sightings. In this latter type of encounter, witnesses more commonly
describe simultaneous but contradictory emotions-curiosity and an
edge of fear; a sense of awe and a cautious wariness.
Terry’s emotions, as she recalled them, seemed to be a consecutive
series of intense highs and lows, switching from awe and a sense of
safety at one point to a later sense of dread and real danger. One can
speculate that if she was consciously recalling only certain isolated
moments from a long, mostly unremembered abduction, her recollections of the emotions she felt would be equally fragmented, as indeed
they seem to be.
A final clue pointing to the possibility of unremembered abduction
experiences has to do with the way Terry says these experiences have disturbed her life. Sometimes, she says, she feels she’s “gone off the deep
end.” “I’m on the verge of questioning my whole life,” she writes. “I feel
almost obsessed with remembering.” She does not say she is obsessed
with wanting to know what UFOs are or where they come from, two
obvious and objective scientific, even philosophical questions. Instead,
she is obsessed with remembering what actually happened to her, a
deeply subjective personal question concerning her own life experiences. The fuel for her unease is the knowledge that something possibly
traumatic and as yet unremembered had happened to her.
Shortly after I read Terry’s letter, and knowing that she lived close to
New York City, I contacted her by telephone for a short interview. She
came to my studio for the first time in early 1988. As her letter had led
me to expect, I found her to be a gentle, rather shy, and intelligent
young woman who radiated integrity. She was delicately pretty, with a
becoming modesty and humorous, self-deprecating skepticism.
Over the next year I met with Terry a number of times, conducting
extensive interviews and hypnotic regression sessions dealing with the
experiences detailed in her letter as well as a few other UFO abductions
she had omitted. Together, we uncovered what happened to Terry and
her first husband during the earlier missing-time experience when the
two found themselves in their car, parked in the middle of a field, and
we also explored her memories of a later abduction from her own backyard the night she lay on the picnic table looking up at the stars.
Terry recalled under hypnosis that the earlier missing-time experience began when her husband abruptly turned the car off the main
highway and drove down a side road, making a few more turns along
the way as if he knew where he was headed. Terry did not question him
about this sudden change of direction-they had been heading home
from a weekend at the shore-and he said nothing about it to her; they
simply drove on in silence, as if it were the most natural thing in the
world. When they reached a level farm field, her husband swung the
car off the small side road, drove up into the middle of the field, and
switched off the engine. They sat for a while in silence, obviously in an
altered state of some kind, until several small gray aliens took them out
of their car and walked them a short distance to a landed UFO. They
were led up a ramp, taken inside, and then separated. Terry was led
into an examination room, stripped, and placed upon a table. At this
time she was about three months into her first pregnancy, and she felt
that her developing fetus was the focus of the aliens’ interest.
After the aliens ended their various procedures, they returned Terry
to the ramp of the craft, reunited her with her husband, and the two
were led back to their automobile. By this time it had grown dark, and
the next thing Terry knew, they were both suddenly alert, awake, and
dumfounded to find themselves in the middle of a field, after dark, no
longer on the highway headed home. As her husband started the car
and drove over the rough ground, searching for a road and an explanation, Terry tried to question him. “Where are we? How did we get here?
What happened?” Her frightened queries only made him angry and
even more disoriented. He refused to answer her, saying that he had no
idea what had happened, and then in effect told her to shut up.
Obviously, as a driver so utterly lost that he was no longer even on a
road, and as the supposed protector of his pregnant young wife, her
panicky questions must have underlined his sense of impotence while
adding to his own fear and confusion.
In the weeks and months after this event, Terry said that her husband began to exhibit a new and disturbing pattern of behavior. At first
he seemed unusually concerned about the security of their apartment,
checking and rechecking windows and locks on the doors, but once
their baby was born his actions became bizarre. One morning Terry
realized that he was in the hallway outside their apartment door, and
she could hear sounds of tools being used as well as the metallic rustle
of a chain. Her husband had installed several sturdy eyebolts in the
door and door frame and, after running a chain through them, fastened the chain with a heavy padlock. He told Terry she would not be
able to leave the apartment with the baby until he returned from work
and unfastened the chain. He had done it just to protect them, he said.
Since they lived on the second floor, and because there was the possibility of a fire or a medical emergency with their infant, Terry and her
husband fought over this extreme security measure. Eventually, she
told me, it contributed to the dissolution of their marriage, but it wasn’t
until years later that she connected her husband’s growing security
panic with the incident when they found themselves parked in the middle of a farmer’s field.
The details of Terry’s other abduction experiences need not concern
us here, because along the way we accidentally uncovered an even
more significant and unusual event. As should be clear by now from
earlier cases, once an abductee like Terry has begun the process of
exploring specific incidents that have always bothered her, such as the
two she wrote about, certain other odd experiences that may have
seemed too marginal to bring up will begin to float into view. This is
exactly what happened with her recollection of “the man who knew too
much.”
Initially, Terry mentioned the incident almost casually, as if it probably had no connection with the various UFO abductions we had been
exploring. But in fact the experience had always been deeply disturbing to her, for reasons that will become clear. It began innocently
enough when Terry, then only sixteen years old, was sitting in a pizza
parlor with a group of high school friends. A man came over to their
table and asked her if she would like to be interviewed for a summer
job at his company. She immediately accepted, and the man said he
would pick her up the next day at her house. She gave him her
address, and he left. Terry said that he looked as if he were in his late
fifties or sixties, with salt-and-pepper hair, and was well dressed in a
suit and tie. She did not get his name or any details about his company
or the job he was offering.
The next day Terry’s mother wished her well, expressing no reservations at all about her daughter’s going off with a stranger for a job interview. When the man stopped in front of the house, Terry walked out and
got into his car. Uncharacteristically, her mother made no effort to meet
the stranger or find out where he was taking her daughter.
Terry recalled that once she was sitting on the front seat beside him,
a mood of eerieness immediately ensued. As the man began to talk to
her, she said, he seemed to know everything about her, especially certain personal things that no one knew. The job interview took place in a
virtually empty office space, and from then on things became even
more unnerving, and at one moment Terry feared for her life. Many
details of her account suggested a complex paranormal event of some
sort, and so, after a long and detailed conversation concerning all of her
conscious memories of that day, the decision was made to explore the
experience through hypnosis.
On March 2, 1989, Terry came to my studio and we began the session, not knowing what her memories would reveal. After completing
the relaxation procedures which induce the hypnotic trance, I take
Terry back to the moment she first meets the man who conducted the
job “interview”:
Terry [Speaking slowly, softly, with many long pauses between sentences]: It’s in a pizza parlor. I’m with my friends. He came over and
introduced himself to the table. He knew my first name. He said he
had a company in Flemington and wondered if I would be interested
in working for his company. I said I would. Sometime after, I told
him where I lived. He said he’d pick me up the next day at two
o’clock. Then he left. Everybody that I was with was happy for me.
And then, the next day . . . I got ready. And he pulled up in front
of the house but he didn’t get out. I saw his car. I had been waiting,
so I went out.
BH: What kind of car was it?
Terry: I’m not sure. It was a late-model car.
BH: Does your mother feel okay about your going out with him?
Terry: Yes. She thought it would be a great opportunity for me.
BH: Does the man explain what the job is?
Terry: He says it’s just office work. I get in the car. Hmm. [Long
pause; then, with emphasis]: I feel tiny. What are we talking about?
That doesn’t make sense. I feel like the size of . . . the point of a
needle. My body is huge.
BH: What do you feel is small, like the point of a needle?
Terry: The inside of me. [Pause] He says, “How are you today?” “I’m
fine, thank you. How are you?” He says, “Very well. Are you looking
forward to this?” I said yes. He asks, “What does your mother feel
about what you are doing, going out on an interview?” I tell him she’s
happy for me if it works out. He asks me, “Are you happy?” I said yes.
He said, “You haven’t always been happy.” I didn’t say anything. Then
he told me . . . “Do you remember when your father left?” I said, “No.
How do you know about that?” He said, “Well, I knew. You weren’t
very happy then.” I said, “I don’t remember,” and then he told
me . . . “You liked living with your grandparents.” I thought it was
impossible, because I didn’t think he knew my whole family. I asked if
he knew my family. He said, “No, I just know you.” And then he tells
me, “That was a terrible thing that your stepfather did to you.”
I got very upset. I asked how did he know that? He said, “I just
know.” And then he said things about my brother and my
boyfriend. He told me that . . . [long pause] “Did you have a good
time yesterday?” I said it was all right. Then he told me that he knew
everything I did. He said, “I know all about your day yesterday.” I
asked, “How do you know?” “I just know,” he said. “At twelve o’clock
you went to Jimmy’s house.” That’s my boyfriend. Nobody was
home then. And we made out. [In fact, it was then that Terry lost her
virginity.] He told me about that. But he couldn’t have known that.
There was only one window, but it was covered. So I asked him how
he knew. He said, “Oh, I just know.”
And then we got to Flemington. He parks on the street in front of
an old office building. And he says, “This is it.” We get out and I follow him in and we go upstairs. And it’s dark on the stairs. He opens
the door. It’s a big old empty room. Two rooms, one right next to the
other one. Very big, long windows. In one room there’s a desk and a
chair and that’s all, and in the other room there’s a map on the wall.
But I don’t know what’s on it.
And he says, “Well, this is it.” He says he likes me, and the company will open in about two weeks, and he takes me over to the desk
and tells me this will be my desk. “You’ll answer the telephone and
take messages and keep in touch with where the people are.”
BH: Does he explain the nature of the business?
Terry: He says, like, trucks and people. Just says trucks and people.
My stepfather was a truck driver, and I don’t know all the terms, but I
think it’s dispatching, but he didn’t say that. And he tells me that this
is a wonderful opportunity, and I’ll be in charge of the office, and all I
have to do to get the job is to do what I did with my boyfriend.
I didn’t know what to say. I was surprised. And then I said, “No,
no, I can’t do that. This has a very wrong purpose, this interview.”
BH: Tell me about your emotions at this point. Did you feel anger, fear,
disappointment, or what?
Terry: I felt nervous at first. But then he started telling me everything was all right. Even in that building I wasn’t scared. I should
have been scared, but I wasn’t. I was just adamant. I said no. It was
like I knew he wouldn’t hurt me, but I shouldn’t have known that,
because he might have. Then I was standing at the desk and he
came up from behind me and pulled me . . . but I just moved his
hand that was wrapped around me and I stepped back. He didn’t
do this with strength, to force me. But now I stepped back and I
said, “I can’t.” And he said, “Oh, why not? Come on. You can. It’s a
wonderful job.” And he sat down on the floor and told me to sit
next to him. I said no and walked right up next to the door and said,
“I have to go. I don’t want the job.” He got up and he said, “All
right, but you are the one I want.” We just walked out and he locked
the door.
We got in the car and he didn’t say anything to me then. He
was quiet and I was quiet. We started to go home, but then
he took some turns that I didn’t know. I didn’t know where we
were going, and then, after the second turn, I said, “Where are
we going? He said he had to stop to see a friend for a minute. It
would not take more than a minute. But then I was getting very
scared. I felt more confident in the office that he wouldn’t hurt
me, but now we were in the middle of nowhere, woods and fields
everywhere. But I just sat there. And I thought if I jumped out of
the car I’d probably get hurt, so I didn’t do it. Then we came up
to a little house on the left with a dirt driveway and we pulled in.
Hmm. [Long pause] He asked me to sit in the car. [Long pause] I
wonder why that house was there. [Sighs. Another long pause]
It’s hard to see it. It’s like . . . field grass covers it. Higher than
grass . . . like straw . . . hay. Hmm. I didn’t get out but he goes
in, and I slump down in the car. He goes in a door. It’s like an
overhang over it.
BH: Is it a two-story house?
Terry: No, it’s like one level. I keep seeing the roof like a smooth
stone roof. No peaks. And I don’t look at it because I’m too scared. I
don’t want whoever is in the house to see me. I knew that when he
went in they were probably talking about me. So I slumped down on
the seat so they wouldn’t see me. I feel so shaky. . . .
BH: Do you hide under the dashboard or lie down on the floor?
Terry: No. Slumped. My head’s on the back of the seat. [Long pause]
It seems to be taking a long time. I’m all shaky. [BH assures her
everything will eventually be all right.] I’m afraid I’m going to be
killed. That’s what I think.
BH: Do you think of trying to escape?
Terry: No. I don’t know where I am. I don’t see anything on the road.
BH: Are there cars going by?
Terry: No. I don’t know where I’d go. I’m thinking, If he comes out
with somebody else, I don’t know what I’ll do. I was afraid of him.
He came out then. [Long pause] Hmm. And he got in the car. I felt
confused for a minute.
BH: What confuses you?
Terry: I don’t know. I can’t . . . I just feel funny.
BH: Let’s go back to when he comes out. See which door he comes out of,
and how he approaches the car. How he approaches you. Do you feel
relief? Or fear? Or what?
Terry: I don’t know what it is. [Long pause] I don’t know. . . .
BH [Setting the stage for a different visualizing technique]: We’re
going to picture a movie being made of this scene. You and I will sit atop a
tall hydraulic camera boom, and we’ll be lifted up about thirty or forty feet
to look down and film the scene below: the car with a young girl, an actress
playing you, sitting slumped in the front seat. We will be able to clearly see
the house, the field grass, the dirt road, and whatever else is around. You
will be safe with me on the camera boom. We will only be observers.
Terry [Sighs deeply]: I see him! [Very alarmed] Oh! Oh!
BH: What are we seeing?
Terry: Him and them. Lots of the other ones. A lot . . . six or seven.
BH: People like him from the company?
Terry: No! They’re smaller. All the same. No hair. Same color all over.
BH: Does he look different?
Terry: No. He looks the same. But he looks like a giant.
BH: We can see the house too.
Terry: It looks funny, the house. Oh. It keeps going back and forth.
It looks like a house and then it looks like not a house. It looks all
metal. Little windows, along the bottom. The door is like . . . it’s like
an awning, but it’s not an awning. Something over it.
BH: Let’s look down at that girl in the car. What exactly is taking place?
Terry [Speaking very slowly, as if observing]: She’s . . . alone . . . in
the car. Hmm. I’m scared. He comes out. Oh! He comes out and
just stands in front of the car, but these other things come out to the
side and just look at me. Oh! [Very frightened] I close my eyes and
slip down lower, to the floor, and then I look, and I . . . and I stay
down there and start crying. . . .
BH: Are the doors to the car locked?
Terry: No. But they didn’t try to get in. They just looked. I look up. I
don’t see them. I climb up again and then I’m fine. It was so scary. I
wonder what he’s doing with them. [Sighs deeply] I don’t know. I
think one comes to my door and I’m just sitting there, and it opens
the door and I get out, but now I’m feeling funny. [Sighs] I’m feeling scared but I’m not doing anything. I’m not hiding. [Sighs] I
don’t know what happens. I just get back in the car.
BH: Just keep your eyes closed. I don’t want you to look at anything. You
are standing outside the car. Tell me what your body is feeling, what
you’re doing. You may be getting ready to run. . . .
Terry: I feel panic. I don’t know why I’m not running away. I wonder
why he took me here. I walk [long pause] a little bit.
BH: What direction do you walk?
Terry: Two of these things are on each side of me. I don’t know. It
doesn’t make sense.
BH: Now, looking down again from our position on the camera boom,
we see a girl, and two of them on either side. . . . What are they doing?
Terry: They just walk. I feel like, at the time, I’m . . . I feel like a
mother hen and her chicks. Everybody walks, everybody turns. . . .
BH: Is there a goal to this walk?
Terry: No, just a stroll. Down the road, a dirt road, and then I turn
around and I walk back. . . .
BH: What do you see at the turn in the road? Do you see the house or
any obstacle?
Terry: No. I don’t know how they determined where to turn. I’m
thinking . . . I have to be out of the car I don’t know why. I just had
to be out of the car for a while. And then they went back in their
house. And then he came back.
Once Terry and the man were back in the car, nothing else seemed
to be happening. She was driven home and the bizarre adventure was
over. In the remaining minutes of the hypnosis, I tried to find out the
job interviewer’s name, but Terry could not recall it. I asked if perhaps
the name sounded English or Italian or Jewish or Irish or some other
identifiable nationality, and after a long pause she concluded that it did
not seem to have any ethnic coloration. “Maybe it was something like
Nelson,” she said, not because she thought that might be the name but
because Nelson suggested its bland neutrality.
After some minutes of positive, ego-strengthening posthypnotic
suggestion, I counted back from five to one and brought Terry out of
her relaxed trance state. It had been an extraordinary session for her,
but perhaps even more extraordinary for me, as I will explain shortly.
In our debriefing conversation immediately after the hypnosis ended,
Terry made a remark that aptly demonstrated how innocent and naive
she was in 1971, the year this incident occurred: “Once it was over and
he was taking me home,” she said, “the only thing I was worried about
was that he would tell my mother what I had done with Jimmy the day
before, and I would get into trouble.” For sixteen-year-old Terry, the
very real perils she had endured with “Mr. Nelson” were over-she had
survived them-and since she had no conscious recollection of the
UFO occupants and their “metal house with windows all around it,”
her only fear was that she might be grounded by her mother. As she
told me this, she smiled at her ingenuousness.
As I later reviewed the session, listening to the tape and making a
transcript, I was able to delineate many different stages in the
encounter, as well as moments of what seemed to be firm alien control
of external circumstances. The first example of possible alien management occurred when Terry’s mother immediately gave the sixteen-year old permission to get into a stranger’s car and go to a job interview-
with no request for information about the interviewer or the
destination, and no cautionary remarks of any sort. Terry said that even
at the time this seemed totally unlike her usually protective mother. If
the interviewer (or the aliens) had somehow arranged her mother’s
surprising indifference, one wonders if he was not secretly gloating
when he asked, “What does your mother feel about what you are doing,
going out on an interview?” and Terry replied that her mother was
happy for her.
But the first clear indication that something was wrong occurs
almost as soon as Terry settles down in the front seat of the car. After a
long pause she makes what is for her a very cryptic observation: “I feel
tiny.” Then she seems confused by what is being said, presumably by
the man: “What are we talking about? That doesn’t make sense.” And
then: “I feel like the size of . . . the point of a needle. My body is huge.”
I ask, “What do you feel is small, like the point of a needle?” and she
answers, again cryptically, “The inside of me.”
Terry is not the kind of woman given to making enigmatic
metaphorical observations about her body image, but something made
her feel extremely strange-physically and emotionally-as soon as
she took her seat in the car, and she expressed this strangeness as best
she could. In a much later conversation she told me that what she
meant by “the inside of me” was her “self,” her soul, her ego, which
had become tiny, shrunken, inoperative, while by comparison her body,
her physical self, had become “huge.”
I wondered, without mentioning it to her, if these reactions had anything to do with the fact that the interviewer was beginning to direct
the conversation to Terry’s recent sexual experiences with her
boyfriend, because it was his “impossible” knowledge of her most intimate feelings and experiences that most disturbed her. She told me
that the interviewer had described in rather graphic detail exactly what
she and Jimmy had done the day before, something she knew that
Jimmy would never have told anyone.
Even more disturbing, the man said, “That was a terrible thing that
your stepfather did to you.” Terry told me that when she was only six
years old she had been sexually molested by her stepfather, a traumatic
experience she had never reported to anyone, not even her mother. One
can safely assume that her stepfather had never told anyone about it,
either. So how did this stranger, the interviewer, know about all of these
things?
It would seem that he knew in the same way that abductees report
the UFO occupants often demonstrate intimate knowledge of the people they regularly abduct. Whether the aliens somehow observe these
incidents or are able to access them from the memory banks of the
abductees who experience them is a question we cannot answer. Still,
the phenomenon is one that is frequently reported.
Another factor to be added to the mix is that, once in the empty
office, the interviewer not only coldly propositioned Terry but put his
arm around her in a strange, easily resisted physical attempt. Two
things strike me about this scene that make it seem something other
than a sordid and unsuccessful attempt by an aging roué to seduce a
pretty young sixteen-year-old. First, there is the self-defeating 
coarsenesss of the man’s sexual proposition, followed by the weakness of his
physical move. One assumes that any man of his age who was at all
experienced in enticing young girls would have understood that such a
cynical proposition-unaccompanied by either a compliment or even a
seductive word or two-would be regarded as insulting by a shy,
reserved girl like Terry. What could he have been thinking? Then his
unwelcome physical attempt to hold her was easily rejected because, in
Terry’s words, it was not “forceful.” The man’s behavior in this
exchange seems not only inept and immature but also evidence of a
complete lack of understanding of a young girl’s basic psychology.
But the other bizarre element in this scene has to do with Terry’s
reaction. Why didn’t she immediately flee the desolate, empty office
space after “Mr. Nelson’s” unappetizing, even frightening behavior?
Why would she get into his car once more, knowing what he had tried
to do to her and fully aware that his intimate knowledge of her life was
extremely disturbing? Any illusion she might have had about the wonderful job offer would have long since evaporated, so that explanation
of her behavior makes no sense. Surely she could have walked into a
store or found a telephone nearby and called home, asking her mother
to come and pick her up. It seems inescapable that to some extent she
was still under the control of Mr. Nelson, whoever or whatever he was,
and that she really had no choice in the matter.
And then we have the short, almost silent drive to the countryside
and the small metal house with glass windows around the bottom. “Mr.
Nelson” has his rendezvous with what can only be interpreted as a
group of UFO occupants, and there are more examples of Terry’s illogical behavior, clear signs of her inability to act freely and independently.
She is sure she is going to be killed, but she sits in the car, apparently
unable to try to escape or even lock the car doors. The events that
ensue, including her regimented walk with the small aliens, is indistinct and probably incompletely remembered. All of this later part of
her misadventure was only recalled under hypnosis, and since the session had been long and difficult for Terry, I decided not to continue it,
hoping to discover at some other time what else may have happened.
And so, as I often do, I ended the hypnosis rather than stumble into
another, perhaps even more disturbing series of events.
But for our purposes here, the focus must remain on “Mr. Nelson.”
What do Terry’s recollections tell us about him?
First, that his physical appearance was unexceptional. He had
approached a table in a pizza parlor occupied by young teenage girls
and apparently did not strike any of them as looking other than like a
normal older man. Most emphatically, “Mr. Nelson” did not resemble a
small, ageless, gray-skinned, huge-eyed alien. He seemed to Terry to be
in his late fifties or sixties, with salt-and-pepper hair and wearing a conventional suit and tie.
Second, “Mr. Nelson” was able to operate in the real world like a
normal man. He was able to drive a car, walk into a food shop, speak
somewhat conventionally, and find his way around the local New Jersey
roads. And, if one wishes to, one can add that he seemed to have the
sexual desires of a normal man.
But his conventional aspects end here. His extraordinary abilities
and connections mark him as being far different from the rest of us.
First, there is the issue of his “impossible” knowledge of Terry’s intimate life-in particular her sexual life. This knowledge seems paranormal, as does the effect the man had on her from the moment she
stepped into the car, when she felt as if her “self,” her soul, had shrunk
and her body had become “huge.”
Second, there is the matter of “Mr. Nelson’s” intermittent control of
Terry’s behavior, though this control apparently did not extend to her
sexuality. And here we must also remember how clumsy and ineffective his own sexual approaches were.
Third, and perhaps most astounding, is his rendezvous with the
UFO occupants to whom he delivered the helpless, deeply frightened
young girl.
So, putting these odd pieces together, who-or what-was “Mr.
Nelson”? An apparently normal-looking man with alien gifts? Some
sort of hybrid creature, the product of an exotic genetic process?
Whatever he was, he was a true anomaly here on earth, neither completely familiar with, nor effective in, the world of normal humans.
But perhaps “Mr. Nelson,” Terry’s very strange job interviewer, was
not unique. There are other, similar, cases to be discussed.

======================================================================
16. THE CASE OF THE MISSING LADIES' ROOM

“Lisa,” a highly intelligent, articulate young woman in her
middle thirties and, like Terry, a New Jersey resident, wrote to me
in 1986 about her odd experiences and disturbing UFO recollections.
For example, she recalled a puzzling missing-time incident that
occurred when she was only about seven years old. She and her mother
had driven out one evening to pick up a pizza for dinner. Consciously,
Lisa recalled their buying the pizza and starting back home, when they
encountered some kind of roadblock, intense lights, and an indistinct
group of men. In her next bit of conscious recollection, she and her
mother were continuing their drive, feeling confused and shaken.
When they arrived at home, Lisa’s father was at the door, extremely
worried, because the short trip had taken an inordinately long time.
Worse, neither Lisa nor her mother could explain what had happened
or why they were more than an hour late, and were shocked to realize
that the pizza they had bought was missing.
Lisa and I explored this incident, among a number of others, with
the aid of hypnosis, and what emerged was a full-scale abduction of
mother and child. Among the harrowing images she recalled was that
of her mother, naked and in some kind of trance state, being placed on
an examination table by several alien beings. It was the first time Lisa
recalled having seen her mother naked and helpless, a traumatic memory that had remained deeply etched within her subconscious mind.
She had had other, equally disturbing UFO encounters, which we
207
explored over a period of a year or so, but one day she happened to
mention an apparently unconnected incident that had always puzzled
her. As we have seen in the case of Terry Winthrop, once an abductee
begins to explore partially recalled UFO and missing-time memories,
other highly unusual but on their surface non-UFO-connected occurrences begin to float back into conscious memory. Lisa described a
newly recalled incident this way:
I was about twenty years old. I discovered an ad in the paper, and
the job description was a . . . like a security job. I want to say
private-eye kind of thing, but it wasn’t private-eye. . . . It was like an
inside security job, something like that. It was very appealing
because they mentioned what great pay it was. I was going to college
at the time and the hours were good for me. Evening hours.
They must have given me instructions on the phone when I
called from a number in the ad. This part is hard to remember, but I
remember it was near Woodbridge, New Jersey. A woman told how
to get there. It’s sketchy in my memory. I drove over to this office
building, but it wasn’t like a huge office complex. It wasn’t a highrise building. It had an elevator and was about three to five stories. I
don’t remember a sign on the door or anything like that, or the
name of the company. It was, like, “Go to this address and we’re on
the third floor.”
I got to the place and it was very austere . . . not very nice office
space. It was really shabby. There was a woman sitting at a desk.
And I remember there was a phone on the desk and a wastebasket,
and that was it. No pictures on the wall, no typewriter, no files, nothing. There wasn’t even anything in the wastepaper basket. And I
had to go to the bathroom and I asked the woman where the ladies’
room was, and she was totally confused. It seemed she didn’t know
where it was. She never gave a yes or a no, or even “I don’t know.”
That would have been okay, but she never said a word. She just
looked stricken. There was no one else to ask, and it was really awkward. She got flustered and left the room. She had this very timid,
frightened look, and it made me frightened, too.
There was nobody else there getting interviewed. Just me. If I
remember correctly, there was only one chair. I thought, What is this
room for? It didn’t look like a meeting room or a reception area particularly. It looked like someone just put a desk there and a wastebasket and a phone. Now that I think about it, I’m not even sure
there was a place for me to sit. But I was pretty quickly ushered into
the next room, and I met this black gentleman. Not real lightskinned, but just kind of a fair black. He had a nice-looking, wellpresented suit and tie and he came off kind of stiff-backed, like a
military type. But it was a security job, so that makes sense. His
office was a pretty small place with a window, and there was a water
cooler. No files, no typewriter or anything like that. It seemed they
must be only using this space to interview people. I remember filling out something on a clipboard, basic information, and then . . .
he poured me a cup of water, which I didn’t really want, since I had
to go to the bathroom. It was the last thing I needed.
And then he did all the talking. I was twenty years old and I didn’t
know any better. He went on about this position, a position where you
would be watching employees as they did their day-to-day work, to
make sure they weren’t stealing anything, to make sure they were on
the up-and-up, and he said not everyone can do this. My impression
was that this was some kind of warehouse job where you’d have to
squeal on your fellow employees. He didn’t specify what kind of place
it would be. It was general. He really wanted to impress on me, rather
than the particulars of the site, this position, that not everyone can do
this kind of work: “Could you do this? Is it something you could handle . . . psychologically . . . rat on your fellow employees?”
I said it would depend on what kind of place it would be: “I don’t
really know what you need. Will this be a warehouse, or what?” He
went on and on. “We’re really concerned if you’ll be able to do
this. . . . You’ll get to know these people. . . .” He was doing all the
talking, droning on and on. It put me to sleep. I remember having
to lift my head up and having the distinct impression that Oh my
God, this is really bad, that I had fallen asleep at a job interview. I was
extremely self-conscious and embarrassed. I thought, Oh my God, I
hope he didn’t notice I was asleep. And what happened immediately
after that is, he ushered me out of the room.
I don’t remember that he had ever specifically mentioned a salary
or any money amount. He was impressing on me that I would be
paid very well, but again, the whole thing was “not everyone can do
this.” It was the evening hours that I was interested in, that met my
needs. Something else that was odd about this interview was that he
never asked about my experience, or really anything else. Normally
at a job interview you’re the one on the spot, you’re the one who
talks. He did all the talking. He didn’t seem interested in what I had
to say about anything.
I don’t know how long it lasted, but then I kind of lost track,
because I just remember his droning on and on and I fell asleep, so
I didn’t know how long he’d been droning on about the whole
thing. As soon as I woke up, he said, “Okay, thanks for your time,
we’ll definitely get together,” and then kind of bum’s-rushed me out
the door.
I felt the interview couldn’t have gone well. I’d fallen asleep on
the guy. When I left the room, the receptionist had gone. Nobody
was around. The building was empty. It just seemed weird. It seems
very weird, the whole thing. And I left without any particular
impression. Usually you get a handshake. I kind of felt this was all
too strange. I’m not sure what it was all about, and after his long
droning on, I thought maybe I don’t even want a job like this. It was
almost like he’s trying to talk me out of it: “It’s a difficult job, not
many people can do it,” and so on. I was happy to get out of there.
And there was something else. When I stood up, I felt that my
pantyhose didn’t feel right: The crotch wasn’t in the right place. My
pantyhose weren’t exactly down around my knees, but they were not
fitting right . . . it was uncomfortable. I remember feeling very selfconscious when I woke up.
BH: When the interviewer offered you the cup of water, did you drink it?
Lisa: Yes. I believe I did. He had a command of the room. He handed
it to me and I drank. He had a kind of military command and he gave
it to me and I drank it down. He was in control. And I didn’t think he
gave a damn about what I thought, one way or the other.
It was weird. It was very weird. You know when something very
weird happens, and then years later when you look back it still looks
weird. It stood the test of time.
BH: If the ad said the pay was good and the hours were good, isn’t it odd
that no one else was there applying for the job?
Lisa: There was nobody else there, I can assure you. There wasn’t
even anyone in the lobby. This happened at a time when a lot of
strangeness was going on in my life: missing-time episodes, turning
up in places and not knowing how I got there. But this was different.
It was a distinct thing. I know I drove there. But the whole thing of
falling asleep at a job interview was really peculiar. The whole nature
of the interview was really peculiar. I have an image of him sitting on
the edge of the desk, one cheek of his bottom up and one leg up,
casual, like. And I just remember the droning ya-da-da, ya-da-da, yada-da, and my just nodding off. At least that’s how it seemed to me.
My feeling was, if he’s going on like this, I should just sit there
politely and listen, and that’s what I did. I felt awful about falling
asleep. How could I have done that? At a job interview you’re usually hypervigiliant. Strange interview. Strange interview.
BH: Usually, if you fall asleep sitting down, your head drops and then
snaps back up, and the shock of that wakes you up. Did that happen to
you?
Lisa: I don’t remember that, but I guess my head had been drooping. I was really shocked that he didn’t catch it. If I was giving a job
interview and somebody fell asleep, I’d say, “Are you okay?” I would
be concerned.
Unfortunately, I was never able to carry out a hypnotic session with
Lisa about this bizarre incident. Essentially we were concentrating on
her more obviously UFO-connected recollections, but she also seemed
somewhat reluctant to explore this experience. I sensed that this socalled job interview made her particularly uneasy, since it took place in
what we might euphemistically call the real world and apparently
involved normal human beings. But the similarities to Terry’s experience were too great to ignore. (It should be pointed out that at the time
each told me about her experience, they had never met or communicated, though eventually I introduced them.)
Considered in chronological order, the similarities are striking:
1. Both women were quite young at the time-sixteen and
twenty-and both were undergoing a series of UFO abduction
experiences.
2. Both were “interviewed” in empty, unfurnished spaces,
rooms that suggested impoverished, even amateurish stage
sets rather than locations for serious businesses. In Lisa’s
case, the flustered inability of the blond receptionist to steer
her to the ladies’ room suggests an unprepared actress as
well.
3. Neither “interviewer” spelled out any details about the job for
which the woman was applying. Neither mentioned specific
hours, pay, or requisite skills-surely basic issues in any serious job interview.
4. Neither woman was questioned about her past employment
record, training, schooling, availability, home address or telephone number. (Although Terry was not asked to fill out an
application, Lisa vaguely remembers a clipboard and a form
she filled out.) These facts alone show that these experiences
were not actual job interviews but pretexts for something
else.
5. Both Terry (directly) and Lisa (by implication) were aware of
the sexual aspect of their experiences. Terry reported that her
interviewer’s behavior stressed his interest in her sexuality,
but Lisa’s account of falling asleep at the droning, hypnotic
voice of her interviewer and then awakening to find her
pantyhose disarranged is even more ominous.
6. Neither woman was given the specific name and address of
the company to which they were ostensibly applying for
work, and neither left the interview with even so much as a
business card or a piece of paper.
7. In both instances, Terry and Lisa were the sole applicants for
these alleged jobs-in Lisa’s case at least, a highly unlikely
situation.
8. Another simularity has to do with an important but subtle
aspect of their experiences. Terry originally heard about her
job from a stranger who approached her in a pizza parlor.
She left home the next day, getting into his car with virtually
no knowledge of who he was, what the job entailed, or where
they were going. Lisa told me that she could not remember
where she first heard about her job offer-she thinks she
might have read about it in a newspaper-and she is very
unclear about how she knew where to drive for the interview:
“They must have given me instructions on the phone from a
number in the ad. This part is hard to remember.” She does
not recall writing anything down, clipping out an ad, or keeping any kind of notes about how to get to the office. Thus,
there is no evidence to suggest that she herself initiated the
visit to the office, which leaves me with the suspicion that
Lisa, like Terry, was summoned by her mysterious interviewer for some kind of encounter which is not fully recalled.
9. Another similarity, though less clear-cut, has to do with the
interviewers themselves. The interviewer in Terry’s case, “Mr.
Nelson,” was apparently gifted-if that term can be stretched
a bit-with truly surprising psychic power, in addition to possessing obvious connections with UFO occupants. By contrast, the only odd thing about Lisa’s black interviewer was
his droning voice and what we must suspect was his ability to
put his interviewee into a hypnotic trance. These are hardly
the basic skills of run-of-the-mill personnel managers.
So, what are we to make of these young female abductees’ bizarre
experiences with normal-looking men of unusual abilities, who meet
with them for unknown reasons in real-world empty offices in
crowded, real-world New Jersey? Who are these men? Are they human,
or alien, or something in between?

========================================================================
17. A VERY SPECIAL PERFUME

There is yet another of these peculiar job interview cases, which
I will mention only briefly. This incident involves “Sally,” a highly
credible young woman whose abduction experiences I had been looking into since she first wrote to me in 1987, and whom we will meet
again in a later chapter. At the time she told me about her bizarre job
interview, Sally had never met either Terry or Lisa and was unaware of
their similar experiences. Her so-called interview encounter is the only
one of the three that, under hypnosis, was thoroughly explored to its
unpleasant conclusion on the aliens’ examination table. Earlier, I had
been reluctant to press Terry for many details in the final section of her
hypnosis, and Lisa had declined to undergo any hypnosis to reveal
what remained in her memory as an extremely disturbing experience
from early youth. I should also mention that, unlike Terry and Lisa,
Sally is a resident of Ohio, where her “job interview” took place, thus
sparing the state of New Jersey further embarrassment.
On October 2, 1993, during a visit to New York, Sally agreed to
undergo hypnosis in order to recount this recent experience. After the
induction I set the scene, based on details that she had consciously
recalled, beginning with a phone call.
Sally: It’s a lady. . . . She tells me I have to go to this interview.
BH: She asks you?
Sally: She tells me I have to.
BH: Do you ask about the job?
Sally: No.
BH: Does she tell you where you have to go for the interview?
Sally: Yes. Very complicated instructions. I write it down. I think I
better start early, because I don’t want to get lost. I want to make it
before three-thirty. I leave the house early. She told me to be on
time. I don’t get lost at all.
[Beginning to seem frightened] There are trees . . . and men
behind the trees. There is equipment out. I go up to look for the second floor. There’s a lady in the middle of the hallway, and she tells
me about the men I saw.
BH: Was there anything unusual about these men?
Sally: They all have the same suits on.
BH: Are they wearing neckties?
Sally: No.
BH: White shirts?
Sally: Yes. I thought it was odd that they all had the same suits on.
Also, they didn’t have the right shoes to go with the suits. They had
loafers on. They didn’t match.
A man came in . . . and he took me to another guy.
BH: Did he introduce you?
Sally: No. It’s an office, and it’s empty. Nothing. Not even chairs.
None. I don’t like it . . . this office. There’s nothing in it. Nothing like
anyone ever worked here. The desk is empty. He starts talking to me,
and there’s one chair and I sit down in it. [Long pause] I think I saw
a flash of light in the corner of the office. . . . There are no windows
in this office. He tells me about my salary, how high it is, and I think
it’s a joke. He says they sell perfumes, and shows me a little bottle.
He says, ‘Would you like to try it on?’ and I say no. He put it underneath my nose The chair begins to spin and I fall . . . and I keep
looking at this light. [Long pause] I’m standing up and he’s shaking
my hand and telling me the interview was very good. And I go home.
BH: Let’s go back to the perfume. Does he ask you to smell it?
Sally: It has a strong smell.
BH: How does your body feel?
Sally: I don’t remember.
BH: Yes you do. You can feel the sensation of the chair spinning. But now
you are in a safe situation here and you can talk about it. You’re okay.
Sally: I tell myself not to remember. . . . The chair’s spinning. . . . I
just don’t want to . . . I feel really sick.
BH: Do you vomit?
Sally: No. The light’s getting brighter. They’re telling me everything’s all right and I tell myself, Not again. This isn’t going to happen
again in this room . . . what happened before. . . . He’s in control after
I smelled that stuff. He tells me I’m okay, I’m not going to fall. Keep
smelling the stuff. He has it right under my nose. . . . The light’s
getting brighter. He goes around to my back and he says, “I’m glad
you were able to come.” When I open my eyes I’m on a table. . . .
What follows is a series of physical procedures such as those Sally
has experienced many times before during alien abductions. But this
scene, which apparently takes place in an empty Ohio office, includes
several normal, human-looking men as well as small gray aliens.
For our purposes it is more useful to briefly concentrate on the
beginning of this experience, so I will not go into the later stages of
another harrowing alien abduction complete with invasive gynecological procedures. Over and over during the hypnotic session, Sally
pleaded with her captors: “Leave me alone. Leave me alone. I feel like
screaming. . . .”
Eventually she was returned, shaken but silent, to her car. She drove
home, unable to remember the interview itself, the details of the socalled job, the presence of the aliens, or any of the physical procedures
carried out upon her.
Obviously, there are many striking similarities between Sally’s experience and those of Terry and Lisa, beginning with the promise-or
pretext-of a job interview. Then there are the shadowy, ambiguous
ways in which each of the three young women first heard about the job
opening and the implausible ways in which they were led to the scene.
Lisa and Sally both had phone conversations with “ladies” who directed
them to the respective interview sites. The three empty offices were
quite alike in their absence of furnishings or any semblance of workplace paraphernalia. In Terry’s and Sally’s accounts, there were female
“receptionists” who seemed, again, as if they were living props in a
bargain-basement stage set. Sally’s inhaling of some kind of anesthetic
is analagous to Lisa’s listening to a hypnotically droning voice and
drinking a cup of water; both led to a state of semiconsciousness.
Terry’s and Sally’s experiences both ended in encounters with small
gray aliens, but since hypnosis was not employed with Lisa, one cannot
be sure what occurred during her period of induced “sleep.”
But the salient point of all three accounts is the presence in earthly
locations of apparently normal-looking beings who interacted cooperatively with UFO occupants and who also seemed to possess distinctly
nonhuman characteristics. Do these people live here among us, renting rooms and apartments, holding down jobs, driving cars, eating in
restaurants, and having romantic and even sexual relationships with
unwary human beings? The evidence thus far suggests that some of
them do. How extensive is this bizarre underground society?

======================================================================
18. VULNERABLE IN A THOUSAND WAYS

Job interviews for American teenagers are almost always stressful but usually necessary life experiences. In the latest set of incidents that Budd related, three young women-strangers to each other,
in different decades, and from different parts of the country-went
through strikingly similar and bizarre “job interviews.” That all three
had a history of abduction experiences and were young, white females
were the only significant points they had in common.
It would be easy to toss these accounts aside as hysteria, stress, fabrication, or faulty memory. But consider this: How many of you, as
young job applicants, were ever personally invited to apply for a vaguely
specified job, interviewed in a deserted building with minimal furniture and no signs of an ongoing business, and were distinctly aware of
sexual overtones in your interview with a “boss” who seemed to have
paranormal abilities-one who knew your intimate secrets from early
childhood up until the day before?
Personally, I don’t know anyone else besides these three women
whose interview experiences combined these circumstances-which,
of course, doesn’t prove that they happened as told. Anecdotal testimonies such as these are vulnerable, offering no solid proof. Any one
of the girls’ reports might have functioned to shield her from a possible
rape scenario. But together, with the background of the girls as UFO
experiencers, the rarity and oddness of these encounters make it hard
to explain away the actions of their interviewers as either desperate
employers finding ingenious ways to fill difficult jobs, or human sexual
predators who lured young women into vulnerable positions with the
potential of paying jobs.
In order to understand who these men-these “potential employers”-were, one must appreciate the fact that the women were
abductees and the men, who respectively apparently drugged one girl,
put another in a trance state, and delivered a third girl to the occupants
of a UFO, did not seem engaged in “normal” business activities. The
interview was a pretext for something else. Furthermore, these men
were not brilliant or forceful seducers, if that was their game. So who
were they and what does their interaction with these young women
signify?
As we begin this scientific exploration of yet another new pattern in
the UFO phenomenon, you, the reader, shouldn’t expect smooth sailing-not in these uncharted waters. We’re in a situation similar to that
of physicist Philip Morrison as he first approached the question of
extraterrestrial intelligence:
Unlike most of science, this topic extends beyond the test of a wellframed hypothesis; here we try to test an entire view of the world,
incomplete and vulnerable in a thousand ways. That has a proud
name in the history of thought as well; it is called exploration.1
Where we’ll go in the following segment, what we’ll speculate on,
and what we can tentatively posit as theories about these three men is
also “incomplete and vulnerable in a thousand ways.” In our attempt to
link rapidly evolving earthly sciences with the UFO phenomenon,
Budd and I are not suggesting these are explanations or proofs of any
kind. We are simply trying to take the “magic” out of some very
advanced technologies related to the UFO occupants. We do this by
showing how such seemingly impossible UFO aspects as telepathy,
mind control, and cross-species breeding are within the human realm
of possibility today.
Big-Headed Babies
It might be possible that the UFO occupants far surpass human
beings in raw IQ, just as we surpass caterpillars and mice. The difference between us and any intergalactic space travelers may well be
that they have outstripped us in more than technology. Human history suggests that the power of their intellect would be far in
advance of our own. Brains in humans, after all, developed quite
quickly-and then stalled out at a limited size. One of our pint-sized
ancestors, Australopithecus africanus, laid claim to only a pound of
gray matter. In the cosmic scheme of things, this ancestor’s two million years of roaming across the veldt gained him only a paltry
tripling in the size of his brain, which is the housing of his essential
neural interconnections-his computing power.
Why haven’t we advanced further in this crucial trait? The simplest answer is that big-headed babies can’t be born to human
females. The dimensions of the human female pelvis, the bony
structure that surrounds the birth canal, limit the size of a baby’s
head and brain.2 Perhaps ET had found a way to compact and
reduce the size of his neurons while increasing the number. A small
change in neural numbers would make a huge difference in performance.
Abductees’ standard alien drawing shows a big-headed, sloeeyed biped with a puny body-obviously a species whose environment requires cranial space and neuronal capacity far more than
physical prowess. As scientists Josef Shklovskii and Carl Sagan noted
years ago, there’s possibly no limit to the extraterrestrial’s intelligence.3
At the same time, we know this material is very risky business to
discuss-risky because the only supporting material for the presence
of aliens among us is anecdotal. We can offer multiple, overlapping,
highly specific and detailed anecdotes, but that’s it-no DNA, no fingerprints, no sperm samples, no landing traces. We explore this material despite the risk that much of what we’ll discuss seems improbable
at best, and too frightening to examine at worst.
Silent Speech
In February 1999, during the First International UFO Symposium
of Turkey, Budd and Dr. John Mack worked together to explore the
troubled memories of Fusan, a young woman from Istanbul. Her
conscious recollections of small gray beings in her home led to a
hypnosis session. During the course of a very emotional hour, Fusan
relived the abduction in which alien beings presented her with a
child they said was her own.
At one point during the session, Mack asked Fusan how the
aliens communicated with her. Could she hear spoken words? What
did they sound like? But Fusan shook her head. “No, I don’t hear
them speak,” she said. Budd probed further: “But you think they’re
communicating with you?” “There’s something, maybe a phone
wire between their heads,” Fusan replied, apparently an attempt to
describe telepathy.
But a group of NASA scientists are exploring a somewhat different means of producing “silent speech.” The research involves
gesture-based, or bioelectric, control in which electrodes would
transmit signals to a computer from muscle movements in the
tongue as words are formed silently in the mouth-but not actually
spoken. The computer would then translate the sender’s signals into
digitized speech for the listener. Dr. Charles Jorgensen, lead scientist
on the project, said: “The idea would be to get away from having
people talking on their cell phones. You could more or less sit there
and communicate and have it be translated electronically.”4
Three Faux Employers
Among ethicists and biologists around the world, debates rage over
whether the human species should be reengineered. Notice, the question is not if or when: We already have the capability to carry out some
fundamental changes to the human genome through various modes of
gene manipulation and transfer. More quickly than society is ready for,
science is also coming to understand and bypass many of the biological
and technical barriers that stand in the way of redesigning our species.
In fact, the pro argument goes, in order to ensure our survival, we may
soon need to make alterations to the human genome to repair ongoing
genetic damage.5
There are, after all, a growing number of human genetic abnormalities, many believed to be a result of environmental damage: low
sperm count and abnormal, slowed-up sperm in human males; four
times more infants born with genetic diseases today than one hundred years ago; and burgeoning rates of cancer and heart disease,
among others. It isn’t yet known how many of these disorders are
related to damage at the genome level, meaning they would be passed
along to any offspring. But the individual suffering from such problems is enormous, and science and medicine are paying attention.
Perhaps genetic tinkering will become inevitable, but not without a
great outcry from both the public and many scientists. Other than
bioengineered foods, no controversy-not abortion, or nuclear power,
or global warming-looms larger in the public arena where science,
social values, and commerce collide. Reengineering the human being
may be possible in the lab today, but it’s not, as they say on television
talk shows, a “total makeover” that’s likely to be celebrated on the networks anytime soon.
But what if another species, such as ET, already has the drop on us?
What if they have dealt with all the ethical and technical issues that we
still face? What if they have mastered both the chemical coding and
insertion (or deletion) of minute segments of foreign code into the
human genome-gradually, systematically? No one who is knowledgeable about the UFO phenomenon would be surprised to discover that
ETs are more technically skilled and highly adaptive to environmental
change than humans are-and that they’d like to stay here on Earth, in
some form that wouldn’t send the natives shrieking to the hills and
pushing buttons to launch bombs. Fifty solid years of UFO buzz-overs
and landings and abductions could mean they’ve been studying a
place where it would be nice to leave behind a sizable presence, even
as their intergalactic travels continue-a bit like Americans stationed
in Japan and Cuba’s Guantanamo Bay. Only in this case the transgenic
“normals” would-at least physically-blend right into the rest of the
population.
Gene Therapy
Genetic disorders-specific types of breast cancer, hemophilia,
or Huntington’s disease-run in families, and genetic testing can
show which family members are quite likely to be unfortunate
inheritors of a disease. Although still novel and highly experimental, scientists hope that gene therapy will eventually be an
extremely effective treatment for diseases that may be inherited
through a single gene. Its promise is based on correcting disease at
the level of the DNA molecules.
Essentially, there are two forms of gene therapy: One form is
somatic gene therapy, which involves manipulation of the cells’ DNA
in a way that makes it corrective for the patient, but the engineered
trait will not be passed along to future offspring. The other form is
called germ-line gene therapy, which modifies an individual’s germ
(reproductive) cells, thus permanently altering his genome so that
the bioengineered DNA changes will be inherited by the patient’s
descendants. Because of the major technical and ethical challenges
of germ-line therapy, this intervention is currently limited to experimentation in animal models.
The first human gene therapy trials began in 1990, with limited success in treating children with inherited immunodeficiency disorders.
Since then, advances in understanding genetics and the causes of disease have led to the development of many research centers,such as The
Institute for Human Gene Therapy at the University of Pennsylvania.
High-tech companies with names like Nature Technology Corporation:
A DNA Development Company have also sprung up to custom-build
DNA and to develop “vectors,” often modified viruses that encapsulate
the therapeutic gene and carry it into the disease cell.6
According to Dr. David Jacobs in The Threat, his work over the years
with hundreds of abductees has convinced him that the creation of a new
species-or what researchers earlier referred to as “hybridization”-proceeds in stages. The first stage, which geneticists call “F1,” the first generation, seems to resemble the “half us, half ‘them’ ” children who didn’t
know how to play on the slide with young Jen from Cape Cod. Abductees
have regularly been shown these F1 children as babies and then again at
various points during the children’s development. These youngsters, tiny,
big-eyed, with so little hair it doesn’t cover their bulbous foreheads, do not
look enough like us; they couldn’t pass in human society. Based on
abductees’ reports, Jacobs suggests the possibility that this F1 transgenic
being is later “crossed” with an older, second- or third-generation hybrid.
However, given our new understanding of trangenics, it’s more
likely that F1, the first transgenic generation, would have their gametes,
or sex cells, genetically manipulated again once they reach sexual maturity. The aliens would add or subtract or move around fragments of the
human genome in the gametes of the maturing F1 offspring, tinkering,
experimenting, in order to improve the standout “defects”-or their
more overt nonhuman appearance-in the next generation. Two sets of
modified F1 gametes might be combined in vitro to form F2, the next
new and improved transgenic generation. Other techniques for this
modification will be discussed later in this chapter. Possibly by the fifth
generation, Jacobs estimates, the “resulting late-stage hybrids are so
close to human that they could easily ‘pass’ without notice”:
Although it is unknown precisely how many stages of hybrid development exist, the evidence points inexorably to the development of
an increasingly human-looking and human-behaving hybrid armed
with the aliens’ ability to manipulate humans. . . . Once the hybrids
are born, the aliens funnel them into specific types of service. For
example, [abductee] Kathleen Morrison was told that some hybrids
are for acquiring knowledge, some are for “assisting,” and some are
for both. She also understood that the later hybrid “models” have
greater “power” than the earlier ones. Clearly, hybrids are not all
alike in ability and behavior. 7
The work of other researchers, working with unrelated abductees in
other parts of the world, suggests that such a “late-model” hybrid has
already been created. The testimony of independent abductees indicates
that there is a growing subpopulation on Earth made up of individuals like
the three strange job interviewers. This is also a revolution that will not
be televised. It has happened-and continues to happen-invisibly, offcamera, and off the radar screens of nearly every scientific discipline.
Tinkering with the Human Genome
In a recent telephone conversation with scientist Michael
Swords, I asked if the recent advances in gene-transfer technology
or DNA manipulation had caused him to rethink his cogently written 1988 article “Extraterrestrial Hybridization Unlikely.”8
“Not really,” Swords said. “Nothing in the new technology has
made it any more likely that a crude mushing together of DNA
from different species would form a hybrid.” However, Swords
does concede willingly that aliens might well be able to “tinker”
with the human genome, just as scientific researchers worldwide
are now doing in the field of transgenics. That’s now possible for
us, Swords says, because we know so much more about the basic
chemical codes of human genes, including how they’re read, translated into amino acids, sequenced, duplicated, etc. That’s really the
easier part to learn to manipulate, according to Swords, because
the chemical code is static: Its atoms are stable across generations,
just waiting to be read and decoded. A cinch for a brainy team of
extraterrestrials.
Many scientists agree that a high-tech alien culture would
know the code to building our DNA, just as we are starting to
do. Whatever human traits they wanted us (or themselves) to
have, they could construct in the lab, molecule by molecule. Or
they could minutely adjust DNA already present. But what
makes gene transfer so difficult, so unpredictable and frustrating, are the dynamic aspects of the genome-the precision of
geometric stacking, timing differences, the unknown interactions between the many moving parts of each species’ chromosomes, etc.
Scientists concede that we’re far from ready to tinker safely
with the elements of human life. But that it doesn’t stop us from
ongoing, not-very-pleasant experiments on animals. We use monkeys, mice, and cows to work out the glitches in our theories.
Consider this: Why should humans expect any different treatment
at the hands of a higher intelligence? After all, they could just be
working out the glitches. . . .
The suggestion here is that these human-looking men reported in
Budd’s cases-the ones with ostensible paranormal abilities and links
to the aliens-are members of a recently bioengineered species. It’s
possible that over time-whether it’s decades or millions of years, we
don’t know-the UFO visitors have systematically designed a transgenic species that combines human appearance and the ability to
“pass” in our culture along with certain alien abilities: telepathy or
mind-reading, remote control over one or more human subjects, and
even an ability to step in and out of this material reality as needed. This
subpopulation of “normals” (as in resembling normal human beings)
also exhibits possibly the most significant trait of all: a willingness to be
intermediaries to the aliens-delivering the human goods on command, so to speak.
For the pleasure of friendly debate, let’s presume these normals are
the equivalent of an alien Special Operations team-a highly bioengineered and specialized group of beings like the three “businessmen.”
But, as with any creature bringing new skill sets into new environments, the “normals” don’t walk on set ready to perform perfectly. We
don’t have any indication that these transgenic beings grow up as we
do, in a wide variety of relationships and situations where one learns to
improvise interaction. Actual socialization is needed for that.
But just as in gene transfer, human behavior is, in part, easy to
grasp and in other ways more subtle and nuanced. “Normals” would
have to learn behavior that can only come from interaction with a living, unpredictable human (unless, of course, they’ve developed virtualreality training programs that are really good!). At the start of Lisa’s job
interview, for example, she threw the “receptionist” a simple, unexpected question that landed on her like a grenade: “Where’s the ladies’
room?” The woman-whether alien, “normal,” or some sort of human
helper-simply “looked stricken,” Lisa said, and practically ran from
the room without answering. Even aliens and trangenics get stage
fright, it seems. So no matter how quickly their brains process new
information, they need some practice, a few tryouts before they can be
expected to pull off a believable human performance. After all, as
many researchers have mentioned, the aliens themselves-to whom
we tend to impart such superiority-make mistakes. They put a swaddled infant on the floor instead of in the crib; they return abductees
with their legs jammed into someone else’s pajama top; their craft
break down and sometimes, apparently, they crash.
From the few reports of “normals” that researchers have gathered,
we can tentatively conclude that, while these beings often look and
speak as we do, they could certainly use some practice in the behavioral- and emotional-skills departments. Recall “Mr. Nelson’s” crude
sexual approaches to sixteen-year-old Terry, and Lisa’s interviewer
droning on, never giving her a chance to speak, then rushing her out
of the building? In a case to be discussed later, Budd tells of a farmer’s
friendship with a “normal” who one day allows him to see his nude
wife surrounded by aliens inserting a needle into her abdomen. The
“normal” is positively baffled at the farmer’s rage and fear. He said:
“We wanted you to see, but we didn’t think you would be angry.” As
human as he looked, this being had no insight at all into human psychology or love.
Understanding this emotional-psychological blind spot in the
transgenic “normals” might give us another way to speculate on what
the so-called job interviews were all about. Conceivably these prearranged contacts might have been pretexts for the real intent: to give
the “normals” practice interacting with human beings. But they certainly wouldn’t want to practice on a hefty male, firefighter type of
human being. From the aliens’ point of view, a transgenic, male “normal” practicing human behavioral and sexual skills would be best
paired up with-whom? A vulnerable teenage girl, of course. Another
purpose for their Special Ops job interviews might have been to test
the “normals” readiness for integration and their suppleness in handling what the ETs might well have earmarked as the most emotional
and unpredictable population within the human species. You guessed
it: vulnerable teenage girls.
But such accounts as Terry’s, Lisa’s, and Sally’s suggest to us that
the alien program, whatever its purpose, has advanced to another
stage. It’s taking place, ostensibly, on the ground, in everyday life, in
situations that compel abductees to take on a new alien task-that of
interacting in real-life situations, in cars, apartments, and offices, with
the “normals.”
They’re Here for Whose Benefit?
But what is the point of these hidden agendas? Secret meetings, half
remembered; nothing adding up; and all of it happening in what seems
like real time to the experiencers, and in actual, material buildings they
can and do locate again later. It’s not like a patchy memory of lying paralyzed on a table in a bright white room, not knowing how you got there,
while small creatures work on your body. This is terrestrial contact,
paradoxically both firmly grounded in our accepted reality and also disturbingly askew from what we consider “normal.” Terry, Lisa, and Sally
took phone calls from their interviewers and rode in cars to their
encounters. Each girl located an actual address in her community, went
into an odd but distinctly material office, and had a face-to-face meeting
with a normal-looking man who had murky physical intentions.
Where is this new abduction pattern leading us? UFO researchers
who haven’t taken doctrinal stands on the issue-are they here to save
us or coolly utilize us as a resource?-will tell you that the aliens’ purpose here is as much a mystery now as it always was. We know more
about their methodology, but that’s all; we still don’t know the meaning
of the acts. Since neither the aliens nor the “normals” are explaining
themselves, the best we can do is to arrive at what I hopefully refer to as
“informed speculation.” Over the next few chapters we’ll explore a limited number of scenarios that seem especially intriguing in light of the
almost exponential growth in human information, science, and technologies in the last decade.
Every day I scroll through a set of on-line research journals chock
full of new discoveries: Our universe is now believed to have ten
dimensions-the ordinary three dimensions of height, width,
breadth, plus a fourth one for time-but we don’t comprehend it
because most of the other six are curled into infinitesimally small
balls that we’ll never see. Some mad scientist reprogrammed baby
chick genes, hatching a batch of them with two beaks apiece. A
research institute has just bio-engineered goats to produce valuable
spiderlike silk strands in their milk; the animals essentially become
organic factories for human products. I am, by turns, shocked,
amused, and amazed at the wonder and nerve of it all. I stay glued to
the chair in front of my computer, trolling, really, for some more of
those rich bare little facts that might shed some light on this baffling
UFO phenomenon.
One day, for instance, I was reading a paper on-line that had been
presented at a scientific conference in October 1998. The author presented a well-documented case that addressed the high rate of failure
in most large animal cloning experiments. In one such experiment,
277 nuclei from skin cells of adult sheep were transferred into the eggs
of other sheep from which the nucleus had been removed. The “outer
shells” of the sheep eggs reset the clock on the adult cells they cradled.
Embryonic clones of the adult sheep began to form, and these were
transplanted into surrogate mothers to be carried to term. However,
often not more than 1 percent of the embryos resulted in live births.
And the few cloned offspring that lived were often deformed and frail;
they failed to thrive and eventually died or were destroyed.9 Something
ineffably delicate about the rubbly process of life has eluded us so far.
As I read the material, my mind was immediately flooded with the
images, words, emotions, and drawings from abductees describing the
listless cross-species infants they’re asked to hold on board an alien
craft. Often the infant lies limp, completely contained in the palm of
the person’s hand. It’s alive, even sensed sometimes to be “wise,” but
has none of the reflexes or sounds or movements of normal human
infants. Here, too, an attempt to manipulate nature’s boundaries is not
quite working. Our own scientists who are tinkering with the basic
building blocks of life are certainly familiar with such frustrating outcomes. It’s possible that some groups of alien scientists are experiencing many of the same problems that we are.
The Zoo Hypothesis
How might the aliens’ focus on reproduction or genetic manipulation
relate to their ultimate purpose? The first and most consoling thought
is that these visitors-from a civilization that has billions of years of
superior neural development, computing brain power, and technology
on us-have come to help save us from ourselves. It’s likely that long
ago their own civilization went through the same stages we’re going
through now, from the discovery of controlled fire through the creation
of nuclear bombs or some other means of mass extinction. In this scenario, the aliens know that some cataclysmic event is likely-or even
imminent-in the near future on Earth. Their “global monitoring system,” like ours, reports back on the decimation of vegetation, the daily
extinction of species, the clouds of pollution shadowing the land, the
dead zones in the oceans where nothing lives, and the sad, slowed-up
waggle of the human sperm.
In 1973, John A. Ball proposed the “zoo hypothesis” in Icarus, an international journal for solar system studies. Then a radio astronomer at the
Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, he seriously proposed that
Earth was a zoo and that extraterrestrials were here, already observing us.
Ball added: “The perfect zoo (or wilderness area or sanctuary) would be
one in which the fauna do not interact with, and are unaware of, their zookeepers.”10 Of course, Ball was derided by many scientists for his theory,
especially since it implied that ETs were purposely avoiding human contact. For some reason, that particular assumption raised many a scholarly
eyebrow and occasioned much underlining and exclamation marks in
writing about the “zoo theory.” Even today it doesn’t sit well with scholars
and skeptics-the thought that aliens from another civilization, past, present, or future, would not, first and foremost, establish a formal connection with the White House, Congress, and scientists, preferably in inverse
order. It seems obvious to theoretical physicists, especially, that such
beings would want to deal initially with intellectual power (the scientists).
Later, satiated after a meeting with equals, they would descend on the
political and economic earthly powers-that-be.
The elite of the scientific world seem to find it side-splittingly
absurd that an intelligent species that could “get here from there”
would actually prefer to interact with ordinary, anti-intellectual civilians
without any political or economic clout. Here’s the renowned physicist
Stephen Hawking, speaking on a 2001 Nova television program about
time travel. He’s addressing the fact that he has no faith whatsoever in
the concept that beings from unknown worlds are already here:
I think that if people from the future were going to show themselves, they would do so in a more obvious way. What would be the
point of revealing themselves only to cranks and weirdos who
wouldn’t be believed?11
Cloning an Endangered Species
In the fall of 2000, Lulu, an ordinary cow on a midwestern farm,
was heavy with calf. But she wasn’t having a cow. Inside her uterus
was an endangered mammal, the gaur, a sturdily built, oxlike animal native to the bamboo jungles of Burma and India. A group of
Massachusetts scientists at Advanced Cell Technology (ACT) are
making plans to clone a series of endangered species such as the
gaur, the giant panda, and the bucardo, a Spanish mountain goat.
As each species neared extinction, scientists perserved some of
their cells. These cells now sit frozen in liquid nitrogen.
Noah, the embryonic gaur, was the first endangered species ever
to be cloned and the first cloned creature to come to full gestation
in the womb of another species. “One hundred species are lost every
day, and these mass extinctions are mostly our own doing,” a
spokesman at ACT said. “Now that we have the technology to
reverse it, we have the responsibility to try.”
Scientists at Advanced Cell Technology produced Noah by fusing
a gaur’s skin cells with cow eggs from which the nuclei had been
removed. The forty-four resulting embryos were then implanted
into thirty-two surrogate mother cows. Out of these, only eight
pregnancies developed, and five of them ended in miscarriages-a
common failure rate in cloning procedures. Two more fetuses were
removed for tissue culture, leaving only one calf left gestating:
Lulu’s Noah.
Although many cloned animals are born with serious defects,
health problems, or abnormally large birth weight, Noah was born
on January 8, 2001, with a clean bill of health. He was strong and not
oversize. But a day later Noah contracted a fatal bacterial infection
that’s common among calves. He died two days after his birth.
However, scientists at ATC say they’re ready to try again, possibly by
cloning the bucardo with cells taken from the last living member of
the species.12
In other words, if aliens or time-travelers actually were here, they would
be abducting the crème de la crème, humans as close to the frailbodied, bulbous-headed, pure brain that they are-not the likes of you
and me. If aliens were here, they would definitely be talking to Stephen
Hawking. If they aren’t conferring with him, it’s a given: aliens are not
here.
A more moderate and modest “zoo proposal” comes from science
writer Clifford Pickover:
Maybe there are signs of alien life all around us that we have not
looked for or have not understood. Imagine that our civilization is
quarantined by a galactic cartel as a kind of zoo, not to be touched,
only to be observed, either because aliens don’t want to contaminate
our world with alien ideas or be contaminated by us. They could
have no desire to interfere with us anymore than we want to go out
and buy a net to catch butterflies or seahorses.13
So if the UFO occupants are our caretakers and zookeepers, they
might well answer to a higher authority. The gray guys do the menial
work while a higher intelligence, the bosses, orders a certain set of
genes in a population to be manipulated and maintained over time as a
way to help us adapt to our changing environment. Perhaps, like
Monsanto’s corn, we would be bred by aliens to have genetic resistance
to toxins in the air, soil, and water around us. Or perhaps they’re
focused on altering the gene sequences for violent behavior that
inevitably develop in a competitive environment.
Why would the alien zookeepers go to the trouble of doing this?
Maybe for the same reason we attempt to save vanishing pandas and
black-footed ferrets. We’re cute, we’re smarter than most, and we
bring a lot to the table. The planet wouldn’t be quite as interesting
without us, they think. Besides, a civilization that’s as truly enlightened as these aliens may well be would understand this: that as
humans go, so goes the planet, if not the universe. Any major-impact
species in danger of going extinct or blowing itself up doesn’t take
itself out alone and without repercussions that could spread throughout the known (and unknown) universe. The ETs will help us to help
themselves too.
Tracking Gorillas and Grannies
In the UFO abduction literature, one pattern is quite clear: Abductees
are taken early and often. Piecing together the experiencers’ unaided
recall with their families’ accounts and sometimes also with hynotically retrieved memories, we know that the abductee is generally taken
aboard an alien craft as an infant or young child and is subsequently
followed or reabducted throughout his or her life. If abductions are
related to an ongoing study or manipulation of the human race in
some way, this recurring exam aboard a craft is the “longitudinal” part
of the study, and in scientific terms there’s a good reason for doing it
that way.
During my filmmaking work at a New England research institute
known for its studies of health trends in society, I became familiar
with the way epidemiologists designed the protocols, or the approved
guidelines, for many long-term, longitudinal studies. One of the basic
principles of this sort of study is to keep track of and collect data from
the same group of people over a several-year period-sometimes even
from several generations of the same families. A good example of this
is the Framingham Heart Study, which was initiated by the National
Heart Institute in 1948. Over a fifty-year period, a large group of
healthy Framingham, Massachusetts, residents were followed and
studied in their natural habitat, so to speak. At regular intervals they
were visited at home by field-workers for the study, all of whom followed identical protocols in collecting and recording the health, illnesses, and living habits of the individuals. Every two to four years,
study participants were brought into a medical center for extensive
medical exams and testing, including blood tests, DNA sampling,
bone scans, eye exams, and echocardiograms. (To any reader who is an
abductee, these procedures will sound much too familiar for comfort!)
At various points during the study, the data were crunched, analyzed, and studied for factors that were the most likely contributors to
heart disease and other disorders. But another component was crucial
to the scientists managing the study: the children.
In 1971, the study recruited 5,124 children (and their spouses) of the
original cohort [participants] for another study, called “The Offspring
Study.” With two generations worth of data, the Framingham Heart
Study acquired an unmatched base of scientific riches.14
One further detail from the Framingham Heart Study will hold
speculative interest for people concerned with the UFO phenomenon:
The researchers have amassed a DNA library of blood samples from
two generations of participants-approximately five thousand individuals. The samples will be used to help researchers track down what diseases run in families and identify what genes might be responsible.
The data bank is also a way to retain a genetic fingerprint of each individual in the study.
(As an aside: It’s interesting to note how much these longitudinal
studies depend to some extent on self-reported, anecdotal evidence that
UFO researchers are critized for: such lifestyle information as caloric
intake, exercise, types of foods eaten, stress level, and alchohol and
drug use. Without a doubt, though, adding the quantifiable lab tests
and medical exams to the self-reported material is a scientific methodology that ufology can only hope to match one day.)
I mention the heart study to show how similar its methods and
intent are to the aliens’ program: tracking selected human beings over a
lifetime and regularly returning to abduct them and bring them into a
laboratory setting; then medical procedures are performed that suggest
both long-term health monitoring and interest in reproductive issues.
For instance, we know that abductees often return from their “field
visit” with fresh scoop marks-similar to punch biopsies-taken from
their skin, or sometimes their skin is scraped and the exterior cells collected. Sometimes they are made to drink a particular viscous liquid and
told it’s a supplement they need. For women, a long needle may be
inserted in the navel area, while the men may be artificially stimulated
to give a sperm sample.
If the UFO occupants are indeed tracking and studying certain people and their children and their children’s children-in other words,
an alien version of the “Offspring Study”-how might this be accomplished? Certainly not with a clipboard-wielding, bulbous-headed,
bug-eyed alien field-worker knocking on doors in Framingham,
Massachusetts. Our alien scientists would need a much more effective
way to track such a restless and mobile species as human beings. After
all, they aren’t even voluntary participants in this apparent study. Given
the large number of reported abduction experiences (an estimated 2
percent of adult Americans), the UFO occupants are looking at human
population management on an enormous scale-because abductions
do not happen only to Americans. Similar reports come to researchers
from areas as diverse as Brazil, the Congo, Canada, Turkey, Belgium,
Venezuela, France, and England.
If this is the aliens’ version of a long-range, longitudinal study of
Earth and its human beings, the scope of such a study is breathtaking
but definitely possible. We humans already have certain pieces of the
technology to do something like it ourselves. What follows are two interesting examples: a unique residential setting for human elders, and a
tracking system for monitoring the endangered mountain gorilla.
Rowdy Elders Opt for High Tech
In September 2000, Oatfield Estates, the first high-tech communal residence for elders opened in the shadow of majestic Mount Hood in a
suburb south of Portland, Oregon. Oatfield’s founder, entrepreneur Bill
Reed, was thinking ahead to his own aging needs as well as those of the
burgeoning number of geriatric baby boomers. He was dismayed by his
research and visits to nursing homes. According to government figures,
Reed learned, two-thirds of American nursing homes are understaffed,
and the staff is generally undertrained and underpaid. Often the health
care aides don’t speak English, adding to an elder’s confusion and the
managers’ stress. Staff turnover is relentless, leading to inferior care. A
report from the General Accounting Office informed Reed that one in
four of these facilities actually harms patients. Due to the usual agerelated disabilities, our elders in these nursing homes are often placed
at risk of death or serious injury. Most can’t move about freely without
being accompanied by already overburdened aides. Some, like
Alzheimer’s patients, are confined to lock-in units.15 In a “zoo” situation
like this, sedation of patients and tying them into wheelchairs are sometimes the “keepers’ ” only options.
Reed also believes it’s a safe guess that boomers will live longer than
previous generations and aren’t likely to age placidly, nodding off in
wheelchairs. They’re more likely to totally reject the traditional
nursing-home option for themselves. Baby boomers are going to
demand a more productive old age by keeping alert, active, and safe
with technology-assisted devices.
In Oatfield, Bill Reed has designed the country’s first wired, totally
monitored, remote-controlled facility for frail, fumbling grannies and
grandpas. Here the precise location, activity, and even memory lapse of
every resident-caregivers, family members, and patients alike-is
monitored and recorded twenty-four hours a day. A small badge
attached to each person’s clothing contains infrared and radiofrequency locator chips and an emergency call button. These emit
tracking signals, which are constantly transmitted to the local-area network. When a resident falls, she can press a button on the badge,
which promptly displays her name and location on computers throughout the facility. If the alarm (a human voice continuously muttering,
“Uh-oh”) isn’t answered within five minutes, the system floods the email boxes on supervisors’ cell phones. Inside and outside of Oatfield
the patients are monitored on video cameras, and tripped-beam sen
sors alarm the staff if a patient wanders off the grounds. By 2003 the
Matshita company plans to offer these facilities toilet seats that detect
and transmit vital signs. Such monitors are already in every Oatfield
senior’s bedroom, a technological component of the bed itself. At this
point, let’s draw the curtain and move on. There are probably some
things you and I don’t mind waiting to know about.

The sensing unit that a technician is attaching to this steer
records motion and other physiological data that enable
scientists to determine how much time the animal spends
grazing each day. (Photo courtesy of the Agricultural Research Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture)

Ironically, these residents have, in effect, retained their freedom by
surrendering it to Oatfield’s tracking system. Unlike most nursing
homes, the Oatfield residents can walk outside unassisted, cook their
own meals in the kitchen, maintain private living units, and entertain
guests with dignity. Their touch-screen computers can even save them
from the embarrassment of short-term memory loss by reminding
them of a visiting grandchild’s name or, on a certain date, display a
memo to “Call Steve.” Uh, who’s Steve? The programmable computer
will show the elder a photo of Steve and information that will fill in the
blanks: who, where, and why Steve is to be called.16
Tracking Gorillas on Your Desktop
If wandering, forgetful elders can be tracked so thoroughly, monitoring
mountain gorillas in central African jungles might seem like an unsolvable nightmare for the scientist: there is malaria, the snipers, and the
snakes. A typical trek into Rwanda, home to about half of the remaining
six hundred mountain gorillas, requires a small army of local guides,
machete-carrying trackers, and armed soldiers. But a newly developed
technology is just beginning to allow scientists to study the endangered
species from desktops rather than treetops.
Primatologists at Georgia Tech and software engineers have teamed
up with the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund to develop a geographic information system (GIS). From Rwanda, GIS data is sent to Georgia Tech by email and CD-ROM. There, other layers of information are added by
satellite tracking systems (GPS) and remote-sensing software that produce high-resolution, 3-D images of the area being “explored.” The next
stage of the project will go wireless-a technology tracking system very
similar to the one that keeps tabs on the elders at Oatfield Estates. A
limited number of trackers in the field will instantly send satellite
tracking system coordinates (the animal’s location) over a local cellular
network to a Web-linked database. The satellite data can not only determine the number and condition of gorillas in a certain area but also
relay information about the vegetation in that habitat and assess the
gorillas’ food sources.17
Georgia Tech primatologists monitor African gorillas from afar,
mapping their every move. The Oregon senior residents have the very
rhythm of their lives tracked inside and out, floor to ceiling, morning
through evening. Isn’t it therefore conceivable that a technologically
superior civilization-one that is able to reach our planet and dip in
and out of our habitat while generally avoiding detection-would be
able to do the same?

=====================================================================
19. FIRST YOU SEE THEM, THEN YOU DON'T

In what I euphemistically choose to call “the real world,” there
is yet another bizarre but frequently reported type of encounter with
what seem, again, to be nonhuman beings existing among us. These
experiences are quite different from those we have been examining,
and though they disturb, they are not so much traumatic as deeply
puzzling. There is nothing covert about the way these entities show
themselves; in fact, in their often outrageous manner of dress and
behavior they are apparently deliberately calling attention to themselves. “Look at us,” they seem to be saying. “We’re here; we really
exist!”
The witnesses who report these encounters are often UFO
abductees or researchers in the field, but so far as I know there is no
definitive evidence of missing time or traditional abduction scenarios
associated with this kind of incident. For that reason this particular sort
of report has largely escaped the attention of the UFO community, with
the prominent exception of the thorough and conscientious researcher
Jerome Clark.1 To remedy that situation, I will present several examples
of these “first you see them, then you don’t” cases-the sudden appearances, disappearances, and impossible reappearances of weirdly costumed entities.
In 1952 two young men, recently graduated from high school, set
out on a cross-country drive to the West Coast in a 1941 Oldsmobile.
One of those boys, “Arthur,” would eventually become a lawyer and
involve himself deeply in UFO research. As he told me in March of
1982, the two friends had had a pleasant and fairly uneventful drive
halfway across the country, and when the incident occurred, they were
passing through the endless wheat fields of Iowa. The highway
stretched for miles without an intersection. It was straight as an arrow,
with only an occasional narrow side road leading to an isolated farmhouse. There were often slight undulations in the flat landscape, so
from time to time their car would pass over a gentle rise, dip into a
shallow declivity, and then rise once more, as if they were in a boat gliding across low, regular swells. But as they drove over a slight rise and
then descended, they came upon an eerie sight: a little old man on a
bicycle, wearing lederhosen and sporting a long white beard, like
something one might see rendered in wood in a Bavarian souvenir
shop. The two young men stared in amazement as they passed the
energetically pedaling little man. They drove on, trying to imagine who
this odd person might be, and, since the farms were so far apart, they
speculated on how long he must have to travel on his bicycle to visit
even his closest neighbor.
But soon the boredom of the unchanging landscape took over and
they dropped the subject of the strange bicyclist. Until, that is, about
a half hour later, when they drove over another gentle rise and
encountered the same little bearded man in lederhosen, pedaling
happily along in the same direction, many miles ahead of the place
they had first come upon him. They passed by in complete amazement, not believing what they were seeing. Was there some kind of
shortcut the old man had taken, a cutoff that eliminated many miles
of pedaling? They realized that the highway had not changed direction, and there were no side roads other than an occasional long dirt
road to someone’s distant farm. They concluded that there was no
way that they could have possibly passed this man twice. There was
very little traffic, they were driving at or above the speed limit, and
they did not recall having been passed by a faster car or truck that
might conceivably have picked up the little man, bike and all, driven
ahead of the young men, and then deposited him farther along the
highway.
For a few minutes they debated turning around and driving back to
this lone figure and asking him how he did it, but eventually they
decided against it. As Arthur told me years later, the experience was so
eerie that they felt better just driving on and forgetting about it. It was
the outrageous appearance of the bearded little man in leather shorts
that remained in their minds as the most disturbing and inexplicable
part of the experience. In the middle of Iowa, on a long, lonely highway
with few intersections, what elderly man, dressed like a beer garden
Bavarian, would ride a bicycle? Where was he going? Where was he
coming from?
The legendary radio comedians Bob and Ray once presented an
improvised skit in which they interviewed people in the studio audience to find who had the strangest profession. The studio audience
was, of course, nonexistent, and the two comedians supplied a wide
variety of voices for the characters they pretended to interview. The
winner, they announced, the man with the strangest job, turned out to
be the only lighthouse keeper in the state of Kansas. “It’s a terribly
lonely, even useless job,” he complained in a peculiar nasal voice. Bob
and Ray commiserated with the poor man and awarded him first prize,
a nested set of aqua-colored mixing bowls. To me, the little bearded
man in lederhosen, energetically bicycling across Iowa and able to
magically pass autombiles, is no less implausible-whoever, or whatever he was-than the Kansas lighthouse keeper.
But as we shall see, some of these cases have a more ominous overtone. In Intruders, I wrote about an Indianapolis family, the “Davises,”
whose various ongoing abduction experiences were the focus of the
book. “Kathy Davis,” her sister “Laura,” and their children received the
most attention, and though I knew a great deal about the encounters of
their youngest sister, “Sarah,” I decided against including her in an
already overburdened family saga.
One of the strange experiences Sarah recounted to me in 1983,
when I was in Indianapolis doing research for Intruders, bears retelling
in this current context. In July 2001, I telephoned her to refresh my
memory as to what she had told me years before. Her account was
exactly as I had remembered it, attesting to the profound effect the
experience had had upon her.
In 1981, Sarah was in her early twenties and living alone in a suburban apartment complex in Indianapolis. She described the incident-
really a series of incidents-this way:
I came out of my apartment one morning, and on the sidewalk right
in front of my door was this guy who looked just like [cult mass
murderer] Charles Manson. He looked really scraggly. He was tall
and real skinny, with brown, long, hippy hair and a scraggly beard.
He looked up at me and I thought, Ugh! I remember thinking, This
guy is going to rob my apartment. But I thought, Oh well, I haven’t got
anything worth stealing. I’d never seen this guy before in my life.
So I just walked out to my car, got in, and drove about eight
blocks down the street and I saw him again, walking along in front
of me. He could not have beaten me to that destination even if he’d
been in a car! I went further down the street, about eight more
blocks, to the gas station, and I got out to put air in my tire. I bent
down and turned around and there he was again, walking up
behind me, maybe twelve feet away. It freaked me out again because
he couldn’t have gotten to that point even with a ride.
And he went inside the convenience store, a Village Market they
had at the gas station. I finished putting air in my tire and got back
in my car and proceeded to go back home, and I saw this guy again
in the exact same spot I saw him the second time, when I was driving to the gas station. But this time when I went by him he stopped
walking and turned and looked up at me and just stared. He scared
me to death.
I had seen him four times altogether, the first time when he was
walking along right in front of my apartment. The instant I opened
the door he was right there. He glanced up at me and that’s when I
thought, Ugh, he’s probably going to rob my apartment. That was seventeen or eighteen years ago and I remember exactly what he
looked like, and that’s kinda weird, ’cause I don’t usually remember
people’s appearance like that very well. Each of the other three times
I saw him that day he looked right at me too. It was so weird. It was
like he was following me, but he couldn’t have got to those points
before me even if he’d gotten a ride. Even if he’d had his own car.
I remember that he was wearing old, faded jeans, really scraggly.
His long brown hair was parted on the side: I remember that too.
When he looked at me it kinda gave me the creeps ’cause it startled
me so much. When we had eye contact, I freaked and then I looked
away.
All of this happened in about ten minutes or so. It was weird,
too, that when I saw him the second time he wasn’t walking towards
the gas station: He was walking back towards my apartment.
Instead of going to the gas station where he ended up, he was going
the wrong way. The first time I saw him, when I came out of my
apartment, it startled me because he looked like Charles Manson
and he was right there, about ten feet away. The second time I saw
him a minute or so later it kinda flipped me out but not too much,
but when I bent down to put air in my tire and he walked up behind
me I really started freaking out. He gave me a major rush. And
when I saw him for the fourth time about a minute or so later, I was
almost a basket case.
Another thing that was unusual was that after something like
that I’d usually call my mom. I didn’t tell Mom for several weeks
after it happened. I didn’t tell anybody, which was odd. I don’t know
why I didn’t. It wasn’t because they wouldn’t believe me: In our family, with all the weird stuff that was going on, we always talked about
it. I don’t know why I didn’t tell anybody.
That last time I saw him, he was walking back towards my apartment and I came driving up behind him. As I approached him he
stopped and turned all the way around. It was weird. I don’t know
how he could have known I was coming up behind him. He stopped
walking and stared at me. And I remember as I passed him I looked
in the rearview mirror and thought, Damn, he’s still stopped and still
staring. . . . It was one of the weirdest things that’s ever happened
to me.
Strange as these reports seem to be, there are many like them. One
of the most bizarre was recounted to me by “Joseph,” a college professor who describes himself as interested in the UFO phenomenon, even
though he remains skeptical. Ironically, he has himself experienced
several UFO sightings, one of which included a dramatic episode of
missing time while driving his car down a steep mountain road, so
there is a clear possibility that he-as well as Sarah and even possibly
Arthur-may have had as yet unexplored UFO abductions.
At the time of the encounter I’m about to describe, Joseph was a
young physics student in graduate school and on vacation, making a
backpack solo trek through rural Spain. He said that he hiked into a
small village one afternoon and found a place to stay in a tavern that
had a few modest rooms for rent.
After making himself comfortable and having a meal, he decided to
stroll outside the village and have a look at the local farms and landscape. As he passed a plowed but barren field, he suddenly observed a
totally incongruous sight: Hurrying across the dusty field was a man in
immaculate white tie and tails, dressed as if he were about to attend an
important diplomatic reception. Joseph was stunned at the sight, and
began immediately to hypothesize: The man was going to a fancy rural
wedding. He was a magician heading for a theater to perform. But neither theory seemed at all plausible in this sparsely populated, rather
poverty-stricken part of Spain.
Joseph said he glanced away for a moment, and when he looked
back the elegantly attired individual had completely vanished. There
was no foliage in the field behind which the man could have hidden, no
deep crevasses, nothing. He had just disappeared into thin air.
Joseph told me that he immediately turned around and hurried
back to the village, completely confused and a little frightened by what
he had seen-and then not seen. The bizarre figure had been no more
than twenty yards or so away from him, and it was still daylight. There
was no mistake about what the man was wearing, the fact of his physical presence in the field, or his instantaneous disappearance.
Here again we can see several characteristics that tie these three
examples together. First, and probably most important, all three witnesses I knew to be either possible UFO abductees or deeply interested
in the subject. Considering the presence of screen memories in so
many abduction cases-images of owls or deer or cats or gorillas or
whatever being used to replace images of small gray aliens in the memories of abductees-the possibility exists that any or all of these cases
might have been concealed abduction experiences that so far have not
been recalled consciously. I have investigated a number of cases in
which screen memories of apparent human beings were imposed upon
abductees: A child may see slightly incorrect images of his parents
standing at his bedside, or an adult might see a deceased relative. In a
few cases abductees have even been made to see comforting but oddly
staring religious personages such as Jesus or the Virgin Mary.
But if the bizarre figures in the foregoing cases were screen memories, why would the UFO occupants want to leave an abductee with
such an outlandishly vivid memory, a reminder that might suggest an
abduction had taken place? After all, abductions are carried out with a
great deal of secrecy, so why would the aliens willfully leave a tantalizing memory image and not black out the event altogether?
This is a very logical question to ask, and it is exactly analogous to a
related enigma that has dogged researchers for decades: If UFOs have
the capacity to operate invisibly, why are they ever seen? Sometimes,
instead of operating covertly, they seem to be deliberately attracting
attention to themselves by striking arrays of colored lights. Also, if they
can be invisible to radar, why are they so often tracked? These queries
about the craft themselves are just as difficult to answer as the analogous question about vivid screen memories in abduction cases.
To reiterate: My best guess is that each of the incidents involving a
weirdly costumed figure is actually an unremembered abduction.
Perhaps, in some perverse way, to impose an “impossible” screen
memory, such as a disappearing man in white tie and tails in an arid
Spanish field, would be almost to guarantee that anyone reporting such
a sight would be ridiculed or at least disbelieved. For that matter, the
witness may also doubt his own sanity, thus placing the memory itself
into a kind of personal gray basket where it may languish for years.
One thing is certain, however: The evanescent beings in these three
cases are inherently different from those I choose to call the “normals”:
Terry’s “Mr. Nelson,” the two other “job interviewers,” as well as a
number of other strange individuals we will soon examine in depth.

======================================================================
20. THE PHANTOM SUPPORT GROUP, STEWART, AND OTHER MYSTERIES

In the many years I’ve worked with UFO abductees there has been
no shortage of bizarre accounts involving beings who, like the fraudulent “job interviewers,” appear to be human but possess what we have
come to regard as alien characteristics. Metaphorically if not literally
they are hybrids of some sort, able, at least some of the time, to function autonomously in our world while remaining somewhat independent of the alien UFO occupants.
As has been pointed out before, forensic evidence of the sort we so
often find in abduction cases is hard to come by in these reports. We
find ourselves having to depend largely on the integrity of the witnesses
and the presence of distinct patterns across a variety of cases in order to
evaluate the credibility of any given account. What follows are a few
more “hybrid” reports that I admit sound fantastic, even unbelievable at
first, but that I have investigated and have found to be credible.
The Phantom Support Group
Despite its peculiarities, the case of the “phantom support group” is
supported by the testimony of four credible witnesses: two married couples, the “Johnsons” and the “Mehlmans,” who are friends both socially
and professionally. I was able to interview each of the men separately
and at length, but because of time considerations I interviewed the two
women together.
“Dennis Johnson,” a tall, courteous southerner, was an abductee I
had known and respected for perhaps fifteen years, but I was saddened
to hear that he passed away a year ago from complications from diabetes. By training and career he was an investigative reporter and newsman, and nothing I have ever seen in his life, in his psychological
makeup, or in his immediate circumstances would suggest for a
moment that he was not being truthful about this incident.
“Don Mehlman,” the second man in the case, is also an abductee,
but I have been acqauainted with him for a much shorter time than I
had known Dennis. I am aware that he is a onetime law enforcement
officer, but my only contacts with him were two interviews lasting for
several hours in which he discussed his various UFO experiences.
Most important, however, is the fact that his version of the peculiar
“support group” experience matched Dennis’s account in virtually
every detail, though presented from his own perspective.
In their joint interview, the two men’s wives, “Janice” and “Betsy”
independently corroborated their husbands’ accounts. I was able to discuss the incident with them only that one time, but I saw nothing in
their demeanor suggesting they were not fully as believable as their
husbands-or as disturbed by what they observed that night.
I can think of no motive for this group of four respectable citizens
to risk their reputations by inventing and carrying out a four-person
hoax. None of the four asked anything from me in the way of publicity
or financial remuneration, and in fact, to my knowledge, this is the first
time the incident has ever been made public. I heard the details first
about ten years ago, from my reporter friend Dennis, and shortly thereafter went to the other three to ask for their recollections. Adding to my
sense of their personal credibility, I was aware that all four seemed genuinely unnerved by what had happened the night of the incident.
One final reason I take this report seriously is that it conforms in
many respects to the patterns we have been examining in these pages.
It seems to me that the “phantom support group meeting” is not so
much a one-of-a-kind anomalous anomaly as it is yet another strange
example of alien or part-alien beings living and operating among us
and displaying the kind of intermittent awkwardness we have seen
before-behavior one might expect of creatures who do not share the
subtleties of our culture, our mores, and our languages.
This is how the incident came about. Dennis and Don had collaborated on producing a videotape of their investigation into a UFO abduction case in their area, and together they presented it at a small public
meeting of about fifteen or twenty UFO investigators and interested
laypersons, some of whom they knew and some of whom were
strangers. Both men spoke briefly, showed their tape, sold a few copies,
and that was that.
One week later Don received a phone call from a man who said he
had been present at that gathering and was calling to invite Don to an
abductee support group he conducted. At their presention of their tape,
Don had, of course, identified himself as an abductee, so he was not at
all surprised by the phone call, even though he had never heard of an
abductee support group in his somewhat sparsely settled part of the
country. As the anonymous caller began to arrange an evening when
Don would be available, he said something about having to make sure
his “husband” would be there. Don was taken aback because the caller
definitely had a male voice. He later told me that he assumed the
anonymous man was gay and was referring to his partner as his husband-an odd thing to do, since this was not an area where gay liberation had had even the slightest impact.
A date was agreed upon and an address provided. Don promptly
called Dennis to tell him about the strange call, and the more the men
thought about it and discussed it with their wives, the more intrigued
the four of them became. There were two reasons for their curiosity.
The first was the presence of a UFO abduction support group right in a
neighboring town, an association neither of them had ever heard
about. The second was the inviter’s odd remark about his “husband”-
a genuine enigma for all of them. Dennis and Don in particular wondered who would be attending this support group and who had organized it, because at this time, the early 1990’s, abductee support
groups were a rarity outside of a few of the larger cities. Don had
another, more personal reason to attend: Perhaps he and Dennis could
sell a few more of the videotapes in which they had invested so much
time, effort, and money.
When the appointed evening arrived, the two couples drove to a
neighboring town and, following the instructions they had been given,
came to a group of newly constructed condominium apartments, not
all of which were occupied. They climbed the stairs to the designated
apartment on the second floor and knocked on the door. Since Don had
been the one who had received the phone call, he led the group, with
Dennis and their wives standing behind him. The door was opened by
what they later described as a very strange, “blank-looking,” rather
short man who appeared to be as startled as they were.
“Who is he?” the man immediately asked Don, indicating Dennis.
“Why, he’s my partner on the videotape. Don’t you remember? You
said you were at the meeting when we presented it. We both talked
about it.”
“Oh, yes,” the man responded unconvincingly. Both Don and
Dennis later told me that since there had been at most only twenty people at the meeting where they were the central attraction two weeks
before, if the host had been there it would have been virtually impossible for him not to have recognized Dennis. Beyond that, both men said
that since the man was memorably odd-looking, they thought they
would certainly have remembered him, even if he had forgotten
Dennis.
But before he would let them enter the apartment, this unusual host
had another question.
“Who are they?” he asked, indicating the two women.
“They are our wives, Betsy and Janice,” Dennis said, confused by
the direction things were taking.
After pausing further to consider, the unfriendly host stood aside
and reluctantly let them in. Becoming more uneasy by the second, the
four visitors entered the new, sparsely furnished apartment that was
free of pictures on the wall, books, magazines, or any of the more
casual amenities. They were ushered into the living room, where four
or five equally blank-looking people sat stiffly on chairs and a sofa, 
staring at the new arrivals. These so-called support group members
seemed to have no social skills whatsoever-no body language, no
expression of interest or curiosity or even anger in their faces-and it
was this total lack of affect that Dennis and his party later described as
“spooky” or “zombie-like.” However, both Dennis and Don mentioned
to me that one member of this group was an extremely beautiful but
rather severe-looking woman.
None of the seated support group members spoke, and no introductions
were offered. Since I have conducted abductee support group meetings for
years and have attended many others in various parts of the country, I am
quite familiar with the way such gatherings are usually conducted. Upon
entering, participants generally either introduce themselves or are introduced 
by the host, using first names only. There is usually an “ice-breaking”
table of refreshments-coffee, tea, soft drinks, and the like-and veterans of
these meetings often initially make small talk with the newer attendees in
order to lessen the inevitable tension.
In this case, as all four of the witnesses reported, there were no
introductions, no refreshments, and no small talk. In fact, no one ever
spoke except the host-leader. Dennis, Don, and their wives took their
seats and the host suddenly began to berate Don for having made the
videotape about a local UFO abduction investigation. “It was wrong,”
he said, “to make money on this,” and Don should not do it again. It
was very bad to do things like that and to try to sell the videos, he said,
without giving any reason why he felt so strongly about it. The other
participants sat in silence, staring vacantly, while their leader continued
rebuking Don.
Finally Dennis, feeling anger on top of his unease, interrupted. “Is
this support group connected with MUFON?” he asked, naming the
largest UFO research organization in the United States.1 The question
was not answered or even acknowledged, but he persevered, turning to
the other strangers in the room as if to pull them into the conversation.
“Are you connected in some way with Budd Hopkins?” Dennis
asked, knowing that I had had a hand in setting up a number of support groups 
and had written and lectured widely on the subject of UFO
abductions.
“Who is Budd Hopkins?” the leader asked.
Surprised but undaunted, Dennis made another query: “Are you
connected with David Jacobs?” naming my friend and colleague whose
work in the field is equally well known. Jacobs had also organized an
active support group in his home in a suburb of Philadelphia.
“Who is David Jacobs?” the man replied.
By this time Don, Dennis, and their wives were eager to leave what
they had come to regard, in the later words of Don’s wife, as 
“the weirdest group of people I’ve ever seen in my life.” As Dennis thought to
himself that whatever this was, it surely was not an abductee support
group, an incident occurred that brought the four to their feet and into
a somewhat hasty, ungraceful exit from the apartment. Both Don and
Dennis later told me that one of the silent, staring members of this
group, the mannequinlike female whom they regarded as almost
unnaturally beautiful, suddenly stood up. As she did so, both men said
that she seemed to metamorphose into an incredibly ugly, inhumanlooking 
creature with large eyes and sparse hair. It was this sudden
metamorphosis that triggered their speedy exit from the apartment.
They hurried down the stairs and piled into their car, not feeling safe
until they were on the highway and getting close to home.
As the four witnesses related it to me, this is the complete story of
their very short evening at the “support group,” or whatever it was. The
first thing that must be said about the “spooky” attendees and their
leader is that their affectless demeanor prevented their guests from
easily accepting them as normal humans, despite their somewhat
unexceptional physical appearance. Though all of them at least had
eyes, ears, a nose and a mouth, none of these vacant-seeming individuals “looked right” and none behaved as normal humans would under
such circumstances.
Though members of this unusual group were obviously able to rent
a condo, assemble furniture, use the telephone, and sit still for the so called support group meeting, this was apparently the extent of their
ability to mimic human behavior. In this context the leader’s reference
to his “husband” might have been just another glaring confusion about
normal earthly usage, a phenomenon that is often reported.2
The larger question is simple: Why did they arrange this transparently fraudulent abductee support group in the first place? No one
shared any UFO experience or asked about Don’s or Dennis’s encounters. No one was offering any kind of support to anyone. No one had
apparently ever heard of MUFON, or David Jacobs, or myself. How was
Don supposed to be taken in by this awkward subterfuge? And since
the leader also seemed completely surprised that Don did not come
alone, what was the group planning for him had he shown up unaccompanied? What was their objection to the men’s videotape?

20 Adult transgenic female wearing a wig, as wig, as drawn by M.C., a female abductee. 
21 Adult transgenic female being wearing a wig, as described by Linda Cortile.
22 Adult transgenic female being wearing a red wig, as drawn by L.R., a female abductee. 
23 Transgenic female child, as drawn by C.D., a female abductee.

There are a multitude of secondary questions too. When the beautiful woman stood up and changed before their eyes, was that some type
of signal? Was it an accident? Was it a threat of some kind? Was her initial appearance a kind of imposed screen image that faded when Don,
Dennis, and their wives resolved to leave? Is there possibly a period of
unnoticed missing time associated with the event? Were the aliens’
telepathic abilities not functioning for some reason, leading to the
host’s surprise at the presence of Don’s friend and their wives?
Questions, questions, questions . . . and few answers that make
coherent sense.

Stewart
We have met Sally, the young abductee who was summoned to a bogus
job interview where she was made to inhale what her interviewer
referred to as perfume, a substance that caused her to lose consciousness. This interview pretext, the reader will recall, preceded a UFO
abduction in which small gray aliens took over from the more humanappearing “interviewer” whose supporting role was somewhat like that
of Terry’s all-knowing “Mr. Nelson.”
I first met Sally in 1987 when she wrote to me about a puzzling
missing-time experience that had occurred a few years earlier on a bitterly cold afternoon when she left home to ride on her snowmobile.
Her parents became alarmed when their teenage daughter hadn’t
returned after several hours, and set out to look for her. A neighbor
found her standing alongside the snowmobile, which was lying on its
side in the middle of a field. Sally appeared dazed but unhurt and was
not wearing either her coat or her gloves: They were neatly folded on
the snow-covered ground next to her. She had no idea what had happened to her. She was extremely frightened of something, however, and
initially fled the neighbor who was coming to her rescue, even though
she knew him well.
Inspection of the ground a few days later showed that the field
where she was found was dead level, so the upsetting of the snowmobile was itself a mystery. Sally’s stepfather, a physician, was alarmed by
her lack of memory of the accident and ordered a series of neurological
tests, all of which were negative. Meanwhile, Sally was having vivid
dreams and flashbacks of small, huge-eyed, frightening beings and of
the snowmobile’s being lifted off the ground.
When we finally met after I received her letter, hypnosis revealed
that the accident was actually a UFO abduction, at the end of which
Sally was returned to her overturned snowmobile without her coat and
gloves. They were simply put on the ground next to her, neatly folded-
a not uncommon type of alien error at the end of an abduction.3 As I
worked with Sally off and on over the next few years, a number of
other, similar unexplained incidents came to light. Most important for
our purposes here are her bizarre adventures with a man she referred
to as “Stewart.”
Sally described Stewart as a tall man with a long, thin face, curly
blond hair, and oddly shaped eyeglasses. He seemed to be in his middle thirties, and though Sally consciously recalls seeing him first when
she was a child and encountering him again and again over the next
twenty-five years, he never seemed to age. While his appearance was
not very unusual, his behavior was decidedly abnormal. As we explored
her later partially recalled abduction experiences, Stewart turned up
frequently, sometimes playing the role of facilitator in the “Mr. Nelson”
mode, arriving in her apartment first before turning her over to the
gray aliens, and a few times as a more violent sexual abuser.4
Sally recalled a number of conversations she had had with Stewart,
and over many years she had come to regard him ambivalently as dangerous and yet in some way also as a caretaker, a pairing of responses
not uncommon in such cases. Now, I am aware that all of this sounds
utterly subjective, even delusional, and that would be that if it were not
for the presence of independent witnesses and the familiar patterns of
her account. In one case, Sally was living in a suburb of Washington,
D.C., where she held a secretarial job in a government bureau and was
sharing an apartment with another young woman, “Hannah.”
One night Sally awoke, startled to find Stewart standing next to her
bed. Despite the fact that her apartment was on an upper floor, the windows were locked, and the door was securely bolted on the inside, there
was Stewart, next to her bed. Frightened, Sally nevertheless felt herself
compelled to get up and go with him into the living room. There she
served both Stewart and herself a drink, and the two sat together on the
couch talking audibly, not telepathically, as was sometimes the case.
Stewart was, as usual, interested in her daily routine and questioned
her about the mundane details of her life and secretarial job.
At one point, Sally told me, she gathered her courage and decided to
ask him a rather basic question: “Are you real?” she wanted to know.
“Are you a human being? What are you?” Stewart smiled and ignored
the question.
Determined to find out something about him, she noticed that his
shirt had fallen open a bit, so she suddenly reached inside, took hold of
a long, curly chest hair, and pulled it out. He winced and gave her an
angry look, but she was pleased to realize that on some physical level
he was real and not a phantasm. A few moments later three small gray
aliens approached and she was taken out the window and into a hovering UFO for a more typical abduction experience.
Sally phoned me within the week to tell me about her partial memories of this incident. The morning after Stewart’s visit, she awakened
and remembered both his sudden appearance beside her bed and the
later image of the two of them sitting on the sofa in the living room.
She even recalled pulling out one of his chest hairs and was pleased, I
thought, to have caused him even a little pain. She had immediately
determined that all the locks on the doors and windows were still intact
and the main bolt on the inside of the front door was in place.
Though there was no way he could have entered her apartment,
there were two things, Sally said, that made her accept this as a real
event instead of a disturbingly vivid dream. First, she said, when she
went into the kitchen that morning to make coffee, she noticed that
there were two glasses containing half-finished drinks on the counter,
which then caused her to remember having served the drinks as they
talked.
Second, and more disturbing, was her conversation with Hannah. I
interviewed her roommate by telephone later that day, and she repeated
to me what she had told Sally:
I woke up sometime during the night and there was a roaring
sound in my head. I was very scared because I didn’t know what it
was and then I found that I couldn’t move. Something was going
on. I heard voices coming from the living room. Sally was talking
and there was a man’s voice. It was the middle of the night and I
couldn’t move, and I had no idea who was out there or what was happening. I guess I just must have gone back to sleep, which doesn’t
make much sense when I think about it. The whole thing was very
scary, because there really was a strange man in the apartment and I
couldn’t even move.
A few years later, in a another Washington-area apartment that she
shared with a different roommate, Sally was entertaining a woman
friend from New York. She had met “Molly,” an artist and abductee,
through my support group, and though they were not close friends,
Molly had been eager to visit Washington and had asked if she could
stay with Sally.
One night, while sleeping in Sally’s bedroom, they awoke simultaneously to find the room filled with light and themselves paralyzed.
Then they assumed they had just gone back to sleep.5 However, when
they compared notes the next morning, the two young women found
that they consciously recalled many details of a shared, traumatic
abduction experience that began with their paralysis and the appearance of several small alien figures in the bedroom. The most significant detail for our purposes here is Molly’s description of having seen a
tall, curly-haired blond man with oddly shaped glasses operating inside
the UFO along with the small gray aliens.
Sally, who also remembered Stewart’s presence inside the UFO,
asked her artist friend to make a drawing of the man she had seen
without telling her about Stewart’s appearance. When her friend completed her drawing, Sally recognized it as an even better likeness of
Stewart than the drawing of him she had once made for me.
So, after all of this, what can we say about Stewart’s attributes? First,
he appeared to be fully human in appearance and seemed to possess at
least one common frailty, poor eyesight, though both women vividly
described his piercing, electric blue eyes. Sally commented that he did
not seem to age normally, but apart from those recollections he would
seem to have no trouble passing in human society. And he even has
chest hair, something never before, to my knowledge, described as an
alien feature.
Stewart clearly seemed gifted in the paranormal sphere, apparently
being able to pass through closed doors or windows alien-fashion, able
to communicate telepathically, and able to impose paralysis on human
abductees and possible witnesses such as Hannah. Despite all of this, he
apparently also had to visit an optometrist to see well-a stunning contradiction, as if Superman could fly but only at an altitude of twenty feet.
One final experience of Sally’s bears mentioning, but one in which
the mysterious Stewart did not appear. During her stay in Washington
in the early 1990’s, Sally was abducted and examined inside a UFO and
recalled being taken into a small room where a gray alien presented her
with a very tall, affectless being who was dressed in a dark, tight, conservative business suit. To Sally, he seemed superficially human but,
like those at the phantom support group, awkwardly robotic in his lack
of reactions. The small gray alien telepathically asked Sally a rapid-fire
series of questions about her typical day at the office, and said that she
was to answer them to help the tall man “understand.”
“What do you say to your fellow workers when you come into the
office in the morning?” he asked. “How do you operate a copy machine?
How do you punctuate sentences? What do you say to the other employees when you leave in the evening? How do you operate a computer?”
And so on: a series of bewildering questions, each of which might take
weeks, months, or years to answer fully. Sally was almost in tears at this
mass of challenges, which she could barely begin to answer because
they came quickly, tumbling into her mind, one after another, from her
telepathic captor. The entire process seemed ludicrous to her. She wasn’t
sure whether she was being asked to instruct or was in some way being
tested herself as to what she knew and how she could express herself.
Ultimately she was just as frustrated and angry as little Jen, when the
child was asked in the Cape Cod playground in the middle of the night
to “teach the children how to play.”

=======================================================================
21. THE OUTBACK STEAK HOUSE INCIDENT

Brand-name theme restaurants, popular because they offer reliable, uninteresting food at affordable, unsurprising prices, are
ubiquitous in the suburban American landscape. Outback is one example of many, a chain of pseudo-Australian steak houses with at least
one branch in the Chicago area. On a Saturday night in December
1999, however, inside Outback’s orderly, unexciting dining room,
“Edward,” his wife, and a friend had an unsettling encounter with a
strange entity who, to put it conservatively, did not look like your normal Outback customer.
Ed is a quiet, highly intelligent man in his late fifties who teaches
physics at a Chicago-area institution. He was originally trained as an
engineer, a field in which he had a distinguished career after a stint as
an Air Force officer during the late 1960’s. We first met in the early
1980’s in the office of Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the Northwestern University
astronomer who had been, for some twenty years, scientific consultant
to the Air Force on UFOs. At that time Dr. Hynek had retired from his
Air Force work and was heading the center for UFO Research, a civilian investigative organization that Ed Reynolds had contacted for help
in understanding his unusual experiences.
After a long preliminary interview with Ed, I had enough information to theorize that since childhood he had been undergoing a series
of frequent UFO abductions, and that it would be helpful for him, with
Dr. Hynek sitting in, to explore his memories under hypnosis. Though
time constraints limited us to a single hypnosis session, we learned a
great deal about one of Ed’s childhood experiences. Subsequently we
kept in touch by letter and telephone, and though we met a few times, I
was not able to carry out any more hypnosis until the spring of 2000. It
was just prior to one of these hypnotic sessions that Ed’s Outback experience came to light, and I pressed him to describe it to me in detail.
Early one Saturday evening, shortly after the restaurant opened, Ed,
his wife “Doris,” and a visitor from out of town, “Doug,” parked their
car in the parking lot in front and went into the restaurant. Ed
explained that he has known Doug, one of his closest friends and the
CEO of a large and very successful manufacturing company, for about
thirty years. This particular night at Outback was Doug’s treat. The
three friends finished dinner and stood up to leave while Doug took
care of the check with a credit card.
At this point Ed glanced to his left and saw a strange-looking man
and one or two companions standing by a table about two or three
yards away. The man was staring intently at him. He was dressed in a
rather odd coat of a bright plaid pattern with large leather elbow
patches, and was wearing a brown fedora. He also had a distinctive
beard and an unusual bronze flesh tone, “like a Native American,” Ed
said.
The stranger continued to stare so intently that Ed finally smiled
back at him, assuming either that he had met this man somewhere
before or that he was pulling some kind of bizarre joke. This was not
surprising, since, to Ed, his clothes and beard suggested a costume
rather than normal casual wear, as if he were a clown from a circus or
an actor of some sort.
Ed’s friend Doug glanced at the stranger and then slipped on his
coat and returned his wallet to his pocket. Doris apparently had not
noticed him when she, Ed, and Doug turned and walked twenty feet or
so to the restaurant’s front door, leaving the strange bronze-skinned
man and his party behind them, still beside their table.
For Ed, the staring man in the restaurant had been unsettling, but
what happened next left him astonished. A few seconds later, as Doris,
Doug, and Ed passed through the front door of Outback, he was
stunned to see, standing by a red sports car about two hundred feet
ahead of them, the same bearded figure and his companion whom they
had left behind them in the restaurant less than half a minute before.
Once again the man was staring intently at Ed, who was frightened by
the impossibility of what he was seeing. There was literally no way this
unusual-looking person could have gotten through the restaurant door
ahead of them, let alone walked two hundred feet into the parking lot
and then positioned himself so that he was facing Ed when he and his
party emerged from the restaurant. The fact that he was still staring
fixedly lent a deliberate, unnervingly personal quality to the bizarre
encounter.
But it was not just Ed who witnessed this impossible scene. When
Doug saw the staring figures in the parking lot, he muttered something to Ed to the effect that this was certainly strange, as if “we’ve
entered the Twilight Zone.”
One of my first projects in the ensuing investigation was to speak to
Doug by telephone about his recollections of the incident, which at the
time of my call had occurred about four months earlier. After establishing who I was and why I wanted to speak with him, I asked how he
knew that the odd man he saw in the parking lot was the same person
he had just seen in the restaurant.
Doug: Well, first of all, there were only the two parties in the restaurant, ourselves and his, who were paying our bills and getting ready
to leave at that time. Number two, it was a very large parking lot
because I think it was adjacent to a mall or some other large lot that
was right there, but at the particular time that we were there, there
wasn’t anybody else out there. So it was not a situation where there
were ten or fifteen people coming and going. Fact of the matter is, I
think we had gotten there just as the Outback opened.
BH: Was there anything about the man’s appearance that let you know
for sure that these were not two different people? Supposing you saw him
in the restaurant and then you go outside but you see somebody different
out there who happens to resemble him.
Doug: It wouldn’t have happened that way. I didn’t pay a whole lot of
attention to who he was and what his clothes were. However, at that
particular time, what he was wearing was identical to the person
inside. And I say that somewhat euphemistically. He was wearing a
brown fedora with a plaid jacket with leather elbow patches, you
know, something like that. It couldn’t have been mistaken.
BH: How about his face? What did he look like?
Doug: I think he was around fifty and I saw him somewhat
obliquely when we went outside. I thought he had a beard. He was
walking away from me, but Ed had a better recollection of what his
face was. But he was the same guy, there was no mistake.
BH: So you were going more with the clothing rather than the . . .
Doug: The clothing and the stature, the age, and there wasn’t anybody else there.
BH: Is there any way he could have somehow gone out another door and
gotten out there before you?
Doug: There’s only one [front] door in and out. I looked up and saw
this guy some distance ahead of me and I thought, That is funny.
How did he get up there?
BH: And I take it this was after dark, since it was December.
Doug: No, it wasn’t. I don’t think it was after dark. It was near
dark. . . .
BH: Was the parking lot lit, do you think, or not?
Doug: Well, it was not dark as I recall. I think it was just late in the
afternoon. But then, you know how Chicago is in the wintertime.
But it was not dark.
BH: Right. One more question. If you were heading to the door and they
were still behind you in the restaurant, how long do you think it was after
you left them behind in the restaurant until you saw them out front?
Doug: Twenty seconds. I mean, there wasn’t any lapse of time here.
If there had been, I would have passed it off as something else. I
just thought it kind of odd.
BH: Yeah, well, it certainly is. I guess that since Ed had more contact in
the restaurant than you, the man’s appearance was more impressive to
him.
Doug: Well, sure. He would have consequently paid more attention
to something like that than I would have because I was concerned
with paying the bill. I recall I had a jacket I was putting on-I forget
what the hell it was. I had a jacket behind me and it fell down the
back of the bench or something like that and I wound up putting it
on backwards or something. I do know how to dress myself, but
there was something odd about that. I wear a hat and I was putting
that on and I put my jacket on and then I was going to pay the bill,
so Ed was not doing those things.
Budd: Right, so he had time to have a longer look.
Doug: So he would have consequently been more aware of those
things that were going on around him.
This phone conversation with Doug served to confirm Ed’s account of
the strange events at Outback, so I was now more interested than ever
to try hypnosis to find out whatever else there was to learn about that
unusual night. But there were several things Doug said that puzzled
me. First, there was his assertion that it was not dark when they left
Outback. On Saturday nights Outback restaurant does not open until
5:30 P.M., the time Ed remembers they arrived. If one assumes that
drinks-which Ed recalled were served first-and then a relaxed dinner would have taken at least an hour, it is certain that in early December, when the days are shortest, it was dark by 6:30 or 7:00, probably
the earliest they could have left. And yet, Doug insisted that it was not
dark.
And then there was his cryptic remark about his coat problem as
they were leaving: “I wound up putting [my jacket] on backwards or
something. I do know how to dress myself, but there was something
odd about that.” Struggling with one’s winter coat is not unusual for
anyone, so I found it curious that Doug described it as seeming “odd.”
In my experience of investigating UFO cases, I have learned that often,
when a witness describes as “odd” such a completely minor thing as a
struggle with one’s coat, the remark can suggest that, to him, it seemed
more peculiar than it should have.
So my phone call with Doug raised two new issues that remained to
be resolved: his struggle with his coat, and the time and amount of daylight that remained when Ed’s party left Outback. The latter issue
became even more confusing when Ed mentioned that it was quite
dark when he drove home and required the use of his headlights.
A few hours after my phone call with Doug, I began a hypnotic session with Ed in the home of one of his friends. I began the induction
and set the scene:
BH: You’re feeling comfortable and relaxed. I want you to see yourself
now on that particular night back in December when you and Doug and
Doris are on the way, driving to the restaurant-the Outback in River
Oaks-driving along. You’re at the wheel; Doris is with you in the front.
It’s late afternoon, and I want you to see yourself pulling up to the restaurant. It’s going to be a nice night; it’s going to be fun for the three of you to
have a nice dinner. Going into the restaurant; I want you to see yourself
being seated, the three of you, at a table. I’m going to ask you some questions and you can speak whenever you like. This table that you sit at, is
this a round table as they have in restaurants sometimes, or is this a rectangular table?
Ed: It’s square.
BH: Is Doris to your left or to your right or in front of you?
Ed: She’s to my left.
BH: To your left, okay. And is this dinner an enjoyable dinner? Is it
relaxed and fun or is it . . . How do you feel when you’re having dinner
there?
Ed: It’s fun.
BH: Now, Ed, this is the night you see something odd that we’ve been
talking about earlier. So I want us to move to when you get ready to
leave, when you’re finished and you stand up. I believe Doug drops his
coat or something, he has to pick up his coat. You stand up and as you’re
standing up, I’m going to count to three. At the count of three, you’re
going to notice somebody at a nearby table. So you’re standing up.
One . . . getting ready to notice somebody at a nearby table.
Two . . . you’re just about to look at this person. Three. Tell me a little bit
about this person. Allow yourself to look at him, time to look.
Ed: I see the person. I see the person and I see . . . The funny thing
about it is, I don’t see the legs. The legs seem to . . .
BH: You don’t have to see the legs. Tell me what parts you do see.
Ed: I see the upper part; I see the face.
BH: Does this person seem to notice you?
Ed: Yes, immediately there’s . . . As soon as I stand up we seem to
just look at each other. It’s like he wants to get my attention.
BH: How is he dressed? You said you can see the upper part of him.
Ed: He’s dressed in . . . it’s a funny-looking outfit. It has a circular
round collar that goes about his neck and it’s sort of, there’s an
opening and underneath the collar there’s like an undergarment or
an undercoat. I don’t see his arms; the arms are not
apparent. . . . There are different colors. There’s a pattern to the
undergarment, and there’s brown and I think it’s purple and very
dark red. It doesn’t appear to be cloth. It has another texture to
it. . . . I don’t see any buttons.
BH: Now I want you to look past him, to one side or the other, and see if
he’s alone, or does he seem to be one of a party?
Ed: No, there’s . . . wow. There’s another person that’s standing
very close. The other person is very hard to describe because the
person’s standing very close and the body of the other person seems
to blend, sort of blend into the scene, so to speak.
BH: Is it possible to tell whether this other person is a male or a female?
Ed: I would say it’s a female. It appears to be more female than
male, although when I look closely, very close-and I’m looking
very close at this other person-it’s a little difficult to say, but
because of the expression on the face-and I’m getting a closer
look . . . the expression is sort of more female than male.
BH: Can you see anything about the hair, the length of the hair of that
person?
Ed: The hair is rather short but I’m not really sure if it’s hair. It
could be a covering over the head, covering most of the upper portion of the head, including the forehead, but the eyes and a portion
of the forehead is very clear and part of the person’s face is clear.
BH: Now, does this person look at you in the same way that the man . . .
Ed: No, although it does look at me. It does look at me.
BH: It does look at you. Well, let’s examine that look. Is there anything
you can tell about that look? For instance, are these people people that
you know? Perhaps the reason they’re looking at you-or the man is-
is that they’ve met you before and they’re friends or they’ve seen you
somewhere. Did somebody attend a class of yours or something at one
time?
Ed: No.
BH: Never seen either one of them before?
Ed: The smaller one, no.
BH: But the taller one you think you may have seen before?
Ed: Perhaps.
So far in this session, a number of potentially important details have
come to light. First, his various reactions to the man in the roundnecked jacket: “I don’t see the legs. . . . I don’t see his arms; the arms
are not apparent.” And yet, Ed can describe his bizarre clothing, its various layers and colors. The focus on his face seems intense. But even
more potentially significant is the fact that the man seems familiar.
Ed’s comments about the figure standing next to the man are also
interesting. He says he can’t describe it too well because its body
“seems to . . . sort of blend into the scene . . .” Is he implying that the
body is partially transparent? That it lacks definition? He feels it is
female because of its facial expression, but he is not certain that whatever is concealing most of its head is actually hair. It could be “covering
most of the upper portion of the head, including the forehead,” though
the eyes are quite clear. All of this at least suggests that what we have
here is not a middle-aged Chicago couple having a Saturday night steak
dinner at the Outback.
At this point in the hypnosis, I decided to move on to Ed and his
party leaving the restaurant and heading through the door to the parking lot, with the odd pair remaining behind them.
BH: You move away from these people and go towards the door. Is there
some kind of inner door, a vestibule, that you see there in front of you?
Ed: There’s only one door. Only one door that opens to the outside. It
opens into a receiving area for people who are waiting for dinner, and
then there’s another door that exits to the outside. So there are two
doors to go out of before you reach the outside and the parking lot.
BH: Now, Ed, I want you to understand that with any kind of story, memory, experience, whatever, there is always a sequence of events. Something
happens and then something happens after that and then something happens after that. So, just very slowly and gradually, things unfold. And
when I count to three, I want you to get the feeling of finally going through
the outside door, out towards where the cars are, and I want you, as I
count to three, to feel yourself stepping outside. One . . . you’re getting
ready to go through that last door, out to the reception area. Two . . . the
door is opening, you’re going out. Three. [At this point Ed begins to tremble, and I put my hand on his shoulder to comfort him.] Tell me what’s
happening, Ed. I just want you to tell me what you’re feeling and experiencing as you go through that door and step outside.
Ed: I step outside but I’m alone. I’m not with . . . [pause] It’s dark
and . . . but it’s . . . I don’t believe I see this. I’m looking into the
backseat of the car and [Doug and Doris] are both asleep in the backseat there. At least they appear to be asleep. Doug and Doris. I’m
looking down and they’re . . . it’s dark and they’re . . .
BH: When you say you’re looking down, do you mean you’re standing up
beside the car, looking down?
Ed: No, I’m somehow looking down into the backseat of the car
from the rear window and they’re both asleep.
BH: When you say looking down, I don’t understand what the distance is
that you’re looking down. Are you five feet from them or ten feet or . . .
Ed: Maybe ten feet and I’m looking. And they seem to be
asleep. . . . It’s very hard to describe: It’s like I’m there but I’m not
there. It’s like I look back and I don’t see the people that should be
there and yet I know that they should be. It’s like I’m sort of not part
of it, not part of what should be happening. It’s like I’m sort of
blended into something else that’s not there.
For various pressing reasons we had to end the session at this point,
with Ed in what seemed to be a type of altered state. From past experience I was aware that when a subject recalls an altered state of consciousness within a hypnotic trance state, the combination can be very
disorienting, and so I was not surprised by Ed’s confusion. Our plan
was to resume hypnosis a bit later, so I felt things would eventually
become clearer.
But from what had occurred so far, I had begun to suspect that
something dramatic-possibly even an abduction-had taken place
between the moment Ed and his party left the restaurant and the time
that they remembered seeing the oddly dressed man and his friend
standing in the parking lot. Thus the problem might be one of missing
time, rather than an alleged example of the “teleportation” of the mysterious strangers.
A few hours later we resumed the hypnosis. Retracing our steps, I
began at the beginning, inside the restaurant, when Ed first notices the
strange man.
Ed: I look at him and he smiles and I think he’s smiling because he
thinks that since he’s so funny-looking, I’m amused.
BH: Are you amused?
Ed: No. There’s a person or something or someone that’s standing
directly to his left-to my right-and it’s smaller. It has, well, it’s
sort of dark and I can’t see the legs. . . . I can’t even see the arms,
but I do see the face. It isn’t moving, it’s standing, staring at me.
BH: When you say it, that’s the way one might refer to a child. Why are
you saying it? Is this a man or a woman?
Ed: I thought at first it was a woman but now I’m not sure. It
has . . . I can’t see the whole face, part of it is covered, but the skin
has high cheekbones, very high, and I see eyes. The rest of the face
seems to be covered. The skin is sort of ruddy red but more of a
darker red than . . . The eyes are black; at least they appear to be.
There’s a covering over the head. If I look at it very closely, it isn’t
hair. That’s all I see.
BH: Now, Ed, obviously these two are unusual-looking in a restaurant. Let’s
just look and see. Are the waiters and other customers noticing them too?
Ed: No. Only one waiter does and he seemed to walk past and look
back but the other waiters, no. They walk. It’s the waiter that waited
on us, on our table. He’s standing too. Oh! Hmm. . . . He’s standing and he’s watching too.
Ed’s descriptions further suggest that these two figures are not visible to the other people in the restaurant-except, for some inexplicable
reason, they were at least glimpsed by Doug and, apparently, the waiter
who had served their table. As the hypnosis continues, I move the
action ahead. After dealing with Ed’s actual exit from the restaurant, we
return to his earlier memory of seeing Doris and Doug through the
back window of the car, asleep.
Ed: I sense fear and I look around and I’m, like, floating. I don’t see
Doug, I don’t see Doris. This is happening so fast. [A long pause]
Now I can see. I’m looking down and I see they’re in the backseat of
the car and it’s like they’re asleep. I’m sort of going up, further, further away.
BH: Okay, let’s go back to when you feel that you are moving away from
them, from Doris and Doug. You can see them through the car [window],
but let’s go back to your feeling of movement. How were you moving?
Down the street or moving back towards the Outback? Which direction
are you moving in?
Ed: Up. It [the car] is getting further away and I see something.
BH: What do you see?
Ed: I see something metallic and it’s shaped like a . . . looks like a
shovel. Well, the head part is shaped like . . . no, it’s more like
a . . . it’s hard to describe. Like a giant arrow.
BH: Sort of pointed more on one end?
Ed: Yes, but the shaft is very thick.
All of Ed’s descriptions begin to suggest that he had apparently
been abducted that night either from the front reception room of the
Outback restaurant or the area immediately outside, and that Doug and
Doris were switched off in some way and placed in the backseat of his
car.
I move on to the next change in Ed’s posture and circumstances.
Ed: It’s like I’m lying down. . . . I’m lying on a . . . it seems like
lying on my back. But I don’t feel anything. My thoughts are
strange.
BH: What are those thoughts?
Ed: That . . . why is this happening to me again?
What happened to Ed as he lay on what he felt was a metallic table
inside this arrow- or shovel-shaped craft need not concern us here. The
UFO occupants carried out one highly unusual procedure that was
familiar to me from several earlier cases. Since it is reported rarely and
has never been made public by any investigator, I prefer to keep it confidential as a way to help test the credibility of people who describe
UFO abductions, and for this I beg the reader’s indulgence.
As I was winding up the hypnosis session, I returned Ed to the
moment he found himself back on the ground. I asked if he could see
Doris and Doug, and if they appeared to be smiling, happy, and talking.
Ed: Yeah, I guess, sort of.
BH: Is there anything about their behavior that seems different than
what you expect it to be at that time, or are they acting as people do after
they’ve left a nice meal in a restaurant?
Ed: Well, Doris looks to be in a hurry to get to the car.
BH: Is that the way she usually is?
Ed: Not always.
BH: How about Doug? How does he look?
Ed: Stumbly.
BH: He looks stumbly?
Ed: Yeah, he stumbles a lot.
BH: Is that the way he usually walks, or is he more stumbly than usual?
Ed: He’s more stumbly now than normal.
BH: Does he say anything to you?
Ed: No, I do all the talking.
BH: But you mentioned to him something about the odd-looking man?
Ed: Yeah, I was curious if he had noticed him in the restaurant and
he said, “Yeah, that’s strange. I did, I saw him.”
BH: Is it easy to see? I assume there’s plenty of daylight and you can see
everybody. Maybe the lights are on in the parking lot? Describe the lighting conditions for me.
Ed: It’s really bright.
BH: Really bright? So you can see very clearly?
Ed: Oh, yes, very clearly.
BH: Do you see the other cars in the parking lot?
Ed: No, I don’t see the other cars but I see a white Mercedes. It’s to
the left of my car and next to that is a red . . . oh yes, it’s a red BMW,
the small sports model, yes.
BH: Well, how about the other cars? I assume that this is a parking area
for the restaurant.
Ed: Yes. But I don’t see any other cars. Just the three cars.
BH: Well, let’s look around and see if we see people and the usual
Saturday night activity.
Ed: No, no people.
BH: Do you hear traffic? I’m sure you hear car doors slamming and
coming and going.
Ed: No, no, nothing.
I asked these leading questions-false leads, all of them-for two
reasons: to further test Ed’s suggestibility, and also to direct his attention to the scene around him. It was clear to me from what he had said
that wherever he was in these last moments, he was no longer in the
parking lot of a popular restaurant on a Saturday night at about 7:00
P.M. Also, the fact that he described the lighting as “really bright” suggests that it was neither the evening sun nor the mall’s street lamps
that illuminated everything so clearly. And what he says in answer to
my next question strongly implies a fixed source of intense artificial
light that seems focused on him:
BH: So you get in your car at this point or . . . ?
Ed: No, I look at the red car because it’s so bright and it is so red and
I can see this bright . . . well, it looks like an image of the sun that’s
coming from it and it’s glaring right in my face. It’s sort of blinding
but it’s so pretty, and Doug noticed it too. He said, “Wow, that’s
really pretty.”
BH: So what time is it? Around three or four in the afternoon? Do you
have an idea of the time?
Ed: I don’t know what time it is. The sun is out so . . .
BH: The sun is out? It must be early.
Ed: I don’t know what time it is. I never thought about the time. Oh!
The sky is blue. Or-wait . . . I think . . . no, I don’t see the sky. I
thought I did but I don’t.
BH: Now let’s see how you get in your car and what happens to the odd
man who’s been looking at you.
Ed: I don’t see him anymore. He’s gone.
BH: Did you see him leave?
Ed: No, no.
BH: But you can still see the white Mercedes?
Ed: No, I don’t see the white Mercedes now.
BH: Do you see the red car?
Ed: I see the red car.
BH: But the Mercedes is gone?
The next exchange indicates that the abduction and the distorted
circumstances around it have ended and normal memory resumes for
Ed, Doug, and Doris:
Ed: The Mercedes is gone. Well, I get in my car and now I remember. I back up and I’m backing to my right.
BH: Who’s next to you in the front seat?
Ed: Doug. Doris is in the back. Now there are other cars. I back up,
then I pull out to my . . . I back up to my left, not the right, to my left.
BH: I guess it’s an easy job to back up if it’s so brightly lit and you can see
since the sun is out.
Ed: Well, now it’s . . . dark. I see the lights in the parking lot and I
see other cars. And I back to my left, then I pull forward, then I turn
to my right to go out of the parking lot, and there’s another car
that’s also coming out, and I stop and I wait for the car to pull out
and it pulls out, in front of me and it goes ahead. It makes the right
turn, to the exit to the parking lot, and I follow it out, and then I go
out and I go back to the street and I wait for the light to turn green.
BH: As you’re doing that, I assume there’s enough light that you don’t
need your headlights.
Ed: Oh, no, I need the headlights because it’s dark. And then I drive
home.
Shortly thereafter I ended the session, and I felt we had uncovered
the explanation of the original mystery-how the strange man had
seemed to travel magically from inside the restaurant, behind Ed and
his party, to the parking lot, ahead of them, in mere seconds. But now
several new mysteries loomed on the horizon. Ed felt that this strangelooking person he had seen in the restaurant was the same man he saw
later inside the shovel-shaped UFO during his abduction. This possibility creates a different kind of mystery. How did a not-wholly-human
figure, wearing a beard and an outrageous costume, appear inside a
popular restaurant on a busy Saturday night and be seen, apparently,
only by Ed, Doug, and possibly their waiter, the latter two independent
and presumably uninvolved witnesses? Who was this strange being,
and what manner of “man” was he?
And what was Doug’s role in all of this? He not only saw the strange
man and his companion inside the restaurant but he also described the
parking lot under what seemed to him daylight conditions, even
though the sun had set some time ago. And Ed, after returning from
his abduction, described Doug as “stumbly,”-as if he had not quite
recovered from whatever altered state he had been placed in during the
encounter.
I have no reason to think that Doug himself was abducted that
night-or at any other time, for that matter. Not only did Ed not see
him in the craft, he saw him “asleep”-switched off?-in the backseat
of the car as Ed was taken up. Most perplexing is the fact that if Ed, during his abduction, was in a world or physical state halfway between that
of the aliens and that of his fellow humans, why was Doug able to see
some but not all of its peculiar manifestations?
Did anyone but Doug and Ed see the strange man and his companions in the restaurant? Were they actually visible to other diners,
including Ed’s wife, Doris, who later claimed to remember very little of
the evening? As in the perplexing matter of Sam Washburn’s photographs in which the Australian landscape shows up but the
Washburns themselves do not, the events in the Outback restaurant
and parking lot that December night seem greatly confused both philosophically and scientifically.
Once again, in the Outback incident, we have a case of what seems
to be a weirdly costumed and therefore deliberately memorable nonhuman in an everyday setting, a theme restaurant in the suburbs of
Chicago. Where do these strange beings actually live?
Ted Bloecher, a friend of mine and a pioneer UFO investigator,
spent many years as an actor in the musical theater. Someone once
asked him where UFOs or their occupants go when they are not being
seen, and he replied simply, “They go behind the scenery.” As good an
answer, perhaps, as any other.

========================================================================
22. BEHIND THE SCENERY

I must admit a particular fondness for the sorts of inexplicable,
things-that-go-bump-in-broad-daylight stories that Budd started off
with in the last chapter-the Spanish dandy, the old bicycle-peddling
Bavarian, and the Charles Manson clone. There’s absolutely no mundane explanation for them, unless you’re willing to write them off as
the aftereffects of bad food, cheap wine, or a certain slant of light in the
eyes. It’s the kind of thing people say when no life experience they have
had confirms that such anomalous events do happen. Perhaps I like
the fact that there’s no obvious UFO connection and that sets my mind
free to wander in the tall grasses of a more mystical, less nuts-andbolts field. Maybe it’s the frisson, the almost shuddering glimpse
into some other reality separated from this one by nothing more
than a semi-opaque, living membrane in which at unexpected
moments, a flap parts and one of “the Others” slips through on a
brief expedition.
Partly, too, I confess to the pleasure of privilege: These accounts are
so paranormal in tone, so inconclusive as anecdotes, that Budd passes
them along to very few people. In his investigations of UFO events,
reports in the “high strangeness” category are handled with caution. So
when Budd suggested including this last grouping of bizarre reports in
our proposed book, it took me aback.
It simply didn’t seem possible to pursue an investigative inquiry of
any substance into these decades-old events. None of the usual UFO
physical evidence had trailed down behind them through the years-
no photos of landing traces or documented electromagnetic effects, no
lab-tested artifacts or body scars. What was there to say about these
elliptical stories that would be concrete without destroying their most
intriguing quality-the fragmentary and very fragile essence of a possibly otherworldly mystery?
We might begin by considering these elusive human experiences
from a metaphysical or psychological perspective. It’s possible, in that
light, that the primary value of the first three experiences-brief cameo
appearances by oddly costumed characters-is simply to open our
awareness that reality (or consciousness) exists on a broad spectrum, as
philosopher and psychologist William James understood:
Our waking consciousness is but one special state of consciousness,
whilst all about it, parted by the filmiest of screens, there lie potential forms of consciousness entirely different. . . . No account of the
universe in its totality can be final which leaves these other forms of
consciousness quite disregarded.1
And perhaps we should leave it at that for moments like these-a simple acknowledgment of their existence as fleeting human experiences,
and an acceptance that not everything can be known.
Besides, what sort of material science could begin to explain these
theatrical characters, the “non-story-ness” of the stories, and the
strange people’s seeming ability to be in two places at once, both “back
there” behind the witnesses who have passed them and, in an impossible glint of time, “right there” in front of them, too? Is it possible
there’s a science-yet to be invented-that would allow for these flamboyant characters who call marked attention to themselves and then
perform vanishing acts? Is there any way to discover who or what they
are, what their purpose is, and where they go when they leave? Maybe
the best we can do is accept ufologist and actor Ted Bloecher’s wry,
intuitive remark: “They go behind the scenery.”
But perhaps we could push that metaphor a bit further when it
comes to the more developed cases that follow. Science, physics in particular, is always trying to discover what’s behind the scenery. What is
the underlying order of the universe, if any? Or might there be many
universes operating parallel to one another, so that, at any given
moment of choice-marrying or not marrying, studying medicine or
writing novels, choosing to be a parent or not to be one-all of those
alternative possibilities could be occurring, one in each universe? Is
human consciousness separate from material phenomena, or do our
minds actually participate in creating that physical reality? What theories can be made based on what we observe and how can we test
them?
By making a flyover of some of the most influential and hotly
debated concepts in today’s new quantum theory of reality, nonscientists can also get a glimpse of what’s behind the scenery. Be forewarned: Physicists themselves refer to many of their discoveries as
“absurd,” “bizarre,” and “like crazy science fiction.” At the same time,
many of these “spooky” theories can be supported either mathematically or in lab experiments.
The brief summary of quantum theory undertaken here is not
meant to provide the reader with a complete understanding, but rather
to lay some groundwork for the startling, almost fantastical concepts
that might shake a doubter’s certainties about the impossibilities of
UFOs, interstellar travel, and paranormal phenomena such as ESP
and telepathy. These theories just might give us some good ideas
about ways in which these beings may truly come from “behind the
scenery.”
In my readings in the strange, elusive world of quantum
physics, hyperspace, string theories, time travel, and other dimensions, it’s clear that most philosophers and physicists-faced with
their own inexplicable findings at the quantum level-are experiencing the same squirmy uneasiness that I feel in attempting to
deal logically with UFO cases that contain some element of the
paranormal. Einstein coined a phrase that expressed his distaste
and discomfort for certain offshoots of his own work that he couldn’t
explain. “Spooky action at a distance” was his term for the inexplicable connectedness or “communication” that was shown to exist
between widely separated photons. For bizarrely dressed thespians
who appear briefly, practically waving to catch our attention, then
vanish, we might coin an analogous term: “weird encounters at the
fringe.”
Making Unforgettable Memories
The appearance of beings in bizarre costumes or archaic styles
of dress have turned up in many UFO investigators’ cases. The man
in white formal attire in Spain, the bronze-skinned man in the
restaurant with a flamboyantly colored jacket and fedora, some of
the “Men in Black” appearances in suits, and in an earlier case
reported by Jerome Clark,2 a troupe of four-foot-tall men dressed in
nineteenth-century breeches coming through a cornfield-these
are just a few of the more memorable ones. It seems quite posssible that these beings not only are seen and want to be seen, they
want to be memorable. Thus, the outrageous dress and strange
behavior.
To see a possible method in their madness, first let’s imagine the
effect on one viewer who reads or hears about such a character as
described above. Next, let’s take another viewer who will actually
see the being. The difference in impact would be considerable, and
for good reason: Whether written or oral, our language process is
linear and left-brain, and utilizes symbols quite specifically. But language is also slow and inefficient in expressing our internal map of
reality.3 Visual imagery, on the other hand, speaks directly to the
prelinguistic parts of the brain that give us access to the subconscious. A striking visual image first evokes emotional reactions, not
analytical thought. The body also provides a means for us to hold on
to these vivid images longer. Recently, in Nature Neuroscience,
researchers reported that a region of the brain called the amygdala
facilitates the long-term memory of emotionally charged events,
especially those that are traumatic and frightening.4
Notice that the strange characters in the last cases never spoke
to the witnesses. They simply showed up, straight from some
wardrobe department “behind the scenery” and decades later the
witnesses are still telling the stories.
Quantum theory, which burst into existence in 1925, actually turned
Einstein’s theory of relativity-according to which gravity is a warping
of space-time and light always travels at a constant speed-on its head.
Before and after the acceptance of Einstein’s theory, physicists such as
Planck, Heisenberg, and Schrödinger were evolving a quite different
view of the universe. They discovered that matter is made up of tiny,
random, and unpredictable particles-that all possibilities exist simultaneously and that we can never know anything to be certain. In nearly
every way, quantum theory is the opposite of what had become
Einstein’s model of the universe.5 His theory of general relativity tells of
a cosmos where the stars and galaxies are held together by the smooth
fabric of space and time.
In contrast, quantum theory begins at the microcosmic level. Here,
subatomic particles hold sway, dancing in an unseemly and jittery way
“on the sterile stage of space-time, which is viewed as an empty arena,
devoid of any content.”6 Undeniably, these two theories propose two
such different ways of understanding the world that they could be
described as “hostile opposites,” as was often the case between the scientists who championed one theory over another.
Fairly rapidly, quantum theory began to win over its opponents,
even some scientists in the early 1920’s who still denied the existence
of “atoms.” If something couldn’t be seen or measured directly in the
laboratory, the holdouts ridiculed, it didn’t exist. Perhaps ufologists
should take heart after all: It seems that debunkers-people who need
to disbelieve in any revolutionary concept-have been around for quite
some time.
Over the past eighty to ninety years, as quantum theory began to
offer a comprehensive framework within which to describe the visible
universe, it brought about a profound change in human understanding
of how the world works. It also introduced what has been called alternately “the greatest scientific problem of all time” and “the Holy Grail
of physics.” It’s the quest taken up by a new generation of physicists to
find a way to unite the new quantum theory with Einstein’s more established theory of relativity and gravity, largely because each theory
offered valid explanations of certain aspects of the universe that the
other didn’t allow. In short, the problem that has frustrated and eluded
some of the greatest minds of our century is an attempt to reconcile
opposites into a simplified and beautiful construct called “the Theory
of Everything.”7
Don’t Bother Me with Physics: I’m Only Interested in UFOs.
Why should these scientific struggles be of interest to people who occupy
a very specific niche in the hinterlands of science-those people gripped
with the need to understand UFOs, abductions, and other paranormal
phenomenon? As you probably know, in the field of UFO research,
there’s a great deal of talk about the need for a new scientific paradigm
that would go beyond the usual methodologies of working only with
material evidence that’s quantifiable, repeatable, measurable. What is currently left outside the tent of science are the millions of anomalous (i.e.,
“unscientific”) experiences people have had since the beginning of
recorded history. In ufology, there are also calls for UFO researchers to
attempt linkages with mainstream science in order to attract the expertise
of people trained in specialized sciences, as well as their access to labs and
funding. In order to make that link, writers like Jerome Clark, Charles
Emmons, Richard Hall, and Steven J. Dick ask ufologists to restrain
themselves from putting forward “high strangeness” cases without any
hard evidence and to be cautious in trying to fold all anomalies under the
UFO umbrella. Insistence on inclusion of such “anomalous anomalies”
tends to alienate mainstream science even further from considering a
serious study of the UFO phenomenon.
Returning to why UFO researchers should care about physics:
There are at least two answers to that. First, perhaps we can learn
something from watching the physicists’ halting progress toward that
grand unified theory. Many ufologists are following a similar path, as
unlikely as that might seem at first glance. They, too, are deeply committed to a single grand theory-one that unites a vast array of anomalous and inexplicable phenomena, such as UFOs, ETs, ESP, teleportation, psychokinesis, mental telepathy, and more. By analogy to the
progress in quantum theory, perhaps we can get a sense as to whether
opposites (in physics or in ufology) can ever be reconciled.
Another major reason that ufologists should and often do take an
interest in quantum physics is that the theories and discoveries coming
out of this field offer us the best hope of linking our own interest with
that of mainstream science. The most inexplicable findings about the
workings of the universe have come, and are still coming, out of quantum physics. Their otherworldly strangeness appears to be somehow
related to the quasimateriality and quasiethereality of UFOs. The
strangeness of the world as perceived from the subatomic level up resonates with the strangeness of the various phenomena ufologists are
interested in.
A Problem of Loose Boundaries in Ufology
There are some unique difficulties that ufologists encounter in
playing the science game-in other words, attempting modestly, as
nonscientists in self-funded efforts, to gather credible UFO abduction
reports that can eventually become data for further analytical study.
One of the biggest problems in the study of UFOs is in drawing the
boundaries around a subject that seems, like a magnetic force, to draw
into its field everything inexplicable-apparitions, telepathic communication, remote viewing, etc. Standard scientific disciplines operate
much like a married couple dividing up the chores of day-to-day living:
The work, the inquiry within a broad field, is broken down into specialties, such as astrobiology, cosmology, astronomy, etc., with each operating on a relatively clear set of boundaries. Each discipline has a turf
and specialists who know it, claim it, and learn it to the bone.
But the study of the UFO phenomenon defies boundaries. Many
times,as Harvard psychiatrist John Mack has openly acknowledged, it is
hard to know where to draw the line in giving credence to an
abductee’s accounts. People floated through walls and taken into a
silent craft the size of Shea Stadium? A man who channels his Native
American ancestors? A woman who has fetuses removed by humanoid
beings? A college student reliving a past life in Rome in 135 B.C.? From
the perspective of Western science, Mack says, all of the above are considered absurd. In his book Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens,
Mack believes that our culture suffers from a deeply held belief in the
“total separation of the spirit and physical worlds.”8
And so it does. But the question still stands for everyone fascinated by UFO reports: Where do we draw the line before a field of
inquiry begins to bleed into the chaotic inclusion-confusion of a
commercially driven pop culture?
Quantum studies, for instance, suggest that interstellar travel is possible
for ETs, not by breaking the speed limit, but by finding shortcuts through
the universe-shortcuts discovered on the new map of the universe being
drawn from a quantum perspective. These new studies also show how
microcosmic and macrocosmic worlds touch and echo one another in
ways we’ve never dared to dream of; that the universe is passingly strange;
and that anyone who is both humble and has a mind that is prepared to
apprehend the intangible isn’t likely to go away disappointed.
Oddities of the Subatomic World
Even before mid-century, the equations of relativity simply couldn’t
handle the growing realization of physicists that, on an extremely fine
scale, space-time-and reality itself-becomes grainy and jumpy, like
the “snow” on a badly tuned television set. At the subatomic particle
level, relativity’s logical laws of cause and effect break down. Not bothering to “make sense,” particles of matter jump from point A to point B
without actually traveling through the space between the two. (Hold
that thought for future discussion about UFOs.)
Another disturbing detail about the quantum world is that photons,
the quantized energy packets that make up light, are not clearly, unambiguously, distinct entities with specific traits, like your cocker spaniel,
for example, or your brown loafers. Photons have the seemingly capricious ability to show themselves as either particles or waves, and that
state is related to whether you are observing or measuring them or not.
It’s as if the shoes that you dropped-ker-chunk-on the floor last
night also had the ability to become liquid and flow underneath your
bed when you weren’t looking.
Yet another oddity of the quantum world is that bunches of photons
act in concert with one another even after they are separated into different
spaces. They somehow are either communicating instantaneously across
space in order for this coordinated action to occur, or they stay “nonlocally” connected as a unit that can get things done even after they are separated (another idea we’ll come back to in relation to UFO properties).
Starting as it does way down at the micro level of life, quantum theory warns us that the world of apparent solidity around us is an illusion.
The particles that make up matter are so tiny that we humans can’t possibly perceive the constant interactivity and interconnection of it all. For
instance, things that we assume to be solid, like doors and rocks and
people, are constantly exchanging quanta, or particles of energy,
between them. Everything is in motion; nothing is actually solid. It’s
only our rather gross sensory perceptions that make them seem that way.
Quantum physics is the stuff of genuine intellectual revolution.
Anyone who even partially understands quantum reality can never
walk through life in quite the same way again. All certainties about the
basic materials and processes of life are gone. In this new quantum
world, you can only calculate what will probably happen next. As physicist Michio Kaku states, the earlier, more orderly “picture of the universe was now replaced by uncertainty and chance. Quantum theory
demolished, once and for all, the Newtonian dream of mathematically
predicting the motion of all the particles in the universe.”9
Some Other New and Weird Ideas
for Understanding the Universe
Superstring Theory
Theoretical physicists have developed a framework that seems like the
best hope yet of integrating Einstein’s theory of gravity with nature’s
other fundamental forces. In fact, the theory’s significance lies in its
power to unify all known physical phenomena in an astonishingly simple model. Popularly known as “string theory” or “hyperspace,” it posits
that the smallest, irreducible components of the universe are tiny loops
that resemble vibrating strings.10
The strength of this concept is that it can explain the nature of both
matter and space-time and answers a series of puzzling questions about
the large number of particles in atoms. No one could understand why
matter needed so many. But when we magnify each particle down to its
smallest level, we can see that it’s not a point at all but a vibrating string
about one hundred billion times smaller than a proton. According to
this theory, matter-the stuff of you and your cocker spaniel-is nothing but the harmonies created by these vibrating strings.11
Other Dimensions
But string theory, for all the questions it helped resolve, offered scientists additional complications. To work as scientists believe it does,
super string theory requires the existence of six or seven dimensions in
addition to the four we know about (height, width, length, and time).
Many physicists now believe that our four-dimensional model of the
universe is simply too small to describe how our universe works. It’s
now thought that conceiving of our universe with six or seven more
dimensions will bring clarity and simplicity to the picture. Michio
Kaku uses this example: Weather, to the ancient Egyptians, was a total
mystery. Why did it get warmer as they traveled south? What caused
the seasons? Why did the winds usually blow in one direction? The
Egyptians couldn’t possibly understand the weather from their vantage
point, because to them Earth appeared flat, a two-dimensional plane.
But imagine the enormous change of perception if the Egyptians one
day boarded a rocket and set off on an orbit around Earth. By going up
one dimension, they could see Earth as a whole, a globe covered with
shifting clouds, storms, ever changing as it orbits the sun.12
In a similar way for us today, the laws of gravity and light seem
impossibly different: They obey different physical laws and different
mathematical constructs. No one has ever been able to unite these two
major forces of nature under one theoretical roof. But if we add one
more dimension-a fifth dimension-then the laws that govern gravity
and light fit together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. From this higher
perspective, light emerges as the warping of the geometry of higher
dimensions, just as Einstein showed that gravity (electromagnetism)
also warps space-time. In this way, the fifth dimension has simplified
the life of many a physicist-even if it’s not yet experimentally verifiable.
When we move on to a ten- or eleven-dimensional world, we find
it’s filled with weird objects called branes. The strings of matter are
called one-dimensional branes, while membranes are two-dimensional
branes. But at the higher levels, the branes are so small that they can
curl and fold into infinitesimally small shapes that we cannot see. Each
one, though, represents another dimension of the universe about
which we currently know almost nothing.
If Only You Were in the Fifth Dimension:
You’d walk through walls without getting splinters.
You’d float toward a closed window that has bars and you’d just
be curious, detached, seeing the black iron start to vibrate, your
body vibrating and shimmering, too, and as you reach the window,
everything “solid” opens, the tiniest particles separate at just the
right time to allow one another to pass, and you’re through and
intact again.
Instead of walking up three flights of stairs to go to bed, you’d
just vanish from your studio and rematerialize in the bedroom.
You’d know exactly how your aunt in Manila redecorated your
cousin’s room after he died last year, even though you never
returned to the Philippines.
You’d be considered a master surgeon, able to pass directly
through a patient’s skin without making cuts and perform the delicate operation.
Nobody could keep secrets from you, nor you from them. (The
consequences of this have not yet been fully considered.)
You’d know where all the treasures on Earth are buried. Bodies,
too, most likely.
What sort of being would you have to be to have such God-like
powers? A being from the fifth dimension, just one level up from
where we now perceive ourselves to be. Although the rest of us here in
our 3-D world (plus space-time) would regard your powers as magical,
you’d realize that it’s just having a more advantageous perspective
that makes such a difference. Some extraterrestrials somewhere may
already know how to manipulate spacetime, although it’s far in
advance of anything we on Earth know how to do. But in the realm of
hyperspace, all of these things are theoretically possible.14
Might these dimensions that scientists say are there but cannot be
seen represent the “scenery” behind which our alien visitors come and
go? Some physicists speculate that these extra dimensions might
indeed account for paranormal phenomena. In this way, they could
have a relevance to UFOs. One reason that UFOs seem to appear and
disappear in and out of thin air (among the other possibilities explored
earlier in this book) might be that they enter and exit our 3-D space by
moving in another spatial dimension.13
Michael Murphy, in The Future of the Body, states that these hyperdimensional models of the universe “have a resonance with esoteric
accounts of extraspatial worlds in which our familiar existence is
embedded, and from which phantom figures, luminosities, odors of
sanctity, and other extrasomic phenomena materialize, and through
which highly developed spirit-bodies move. Might our present movement abilities be analogous to those of early amphibians that had not
learned to breathe or move freely on land?”15
Many Worlds
As early as 1957, the possibility was raised by physicists that during the
evolution of the universe, it repeatedly split in half, each split like a fork
in the road. If this is correct, the number of universes we might have to
take into account are literally infinite. And each universe would be
linked to every other at the points of the forks in the road. The “many
worlds” theory allows that all possible quantum worlds exist. For example, in some worlds, humans exist as the dominant life-form on Earth.
In other worlds, chemical reactions took place that prevented human
life from evolving, and on this same planet another very different lifeform is the reigning species.16
Parallel Universes
Physicist Stephen Hawking’s theory of “parallel universes” takes the
“many worlds” theory a bit further: He believes that there are an infinite
number of self-contained universes and that wormholes offer the possibility of tunneling between them. But it’s not likely that you’ll soon be able to
open a door and step into another, parallel universe where your boss
never heard of you and your family doesn’t know who you are. The connecting wormholes, which are now quite respectable topics of study for
science, are thought to be extremely small, about the size of a Planck
length-close to a one hundred billion times smaller than a proton.17
People who hate cramped travel situations might want to opt out of a
trip to the neighboring universe until the technical details get worked
out and a little more legroom is possible.
24
Multiple worlds are not thought to interact on a regular basis. Certain
events, however, may cause tubes or wormholes to open up between them.
Communication and travel between universes would then be possible.
(Drawing by Budd Hopkins)
25
Many physicists
currently use
quantum theory
and experiments
to describe the
whole of reality as
a multiverse that
contains vast numbers of parallel or
multiple universes.
(Drawing by
Budd Hopkins)
Wormholes through space could also be prime candidates for
explaining how UFOs travel from one universe or solar system to
another. Having mastered the difficulties of hyperspace, the UFO occupants (or their higher-intelligence leaders) would use these multiple
tunnels constructed by nature to take a shortcut between their world
and ours. The old argument “You can’t get here from there” would no
longer be valid.
Harvard’s colorful physicist Sidney Coleman has built upon
Hawking’s work, constructing mathematical arguments that, if correct,
suggest that wormholes through space are essential to all physical
processes; they’re not just the stuff of fantasy. Wormholes, it seems,
rather than being science fiction, are the connecting arteries between
worlds. These tubes, or tunnels, are essential to keeping our universe
somewhat stable, in the same way that rope and pegs hold a tent in
place.
But at this point, on the human level, the issues are mainly theoretical. What we don’t know is whether any other intelligent life has found
a way to work with the enormous amount of potential energy available
in the near vacuum of empty space. As Kaku says: “Any civilization that
masters the energy found at the Planck length will become the master
of all fundamental forces.”18 They will be the masters of hyperspace.
Nonlocal Connections
Former Apollo astronaut Edgar Mitchell, raised in a Southern Baptist
family and later trained in the Western rational, linear mode of thinking
at MIT, has spent the last twenty-five years of his life working to integrate the different ways of “knowing” available to the human consciousness. These ways of knowing, unfortunately, are often separated by
Western thought into two opposing states: that of religion (all miracles
and faith) and that of science (allowing in only what is material, measurable, and testable). Mitchell left NASA in the early 1970’s to found
the Institute of Noetic Sciences, where he initiated research into areas
of study that are neglected by mainstream science. Using scientific
methodologies, Mitchell began experimenting with paranormal phenomena such as extrasensory perception, telepathy, and telekinesis.
What Mitchell eventually proposed was a new “dyadic” model of reality
that found a common ground between science and the spirit.
Making the Earth Larger
English essayist Thomas Browne thought of man as “that great
and true Amphibian whose nature is disposed to live, not only like
other creatures in diverse elements, but in divided and distinguished worlds.19 [Browne, Religio Medici] In other words, we
humans exist on many levels at once, moving through different
domains and modes, minute by minute altering our role, electrified
in dreams, meditative in everyday thoughts, shot through with
emotions and sensory events, even straying at times into interior
spaces that seem remote from any recognized human existance.
We might suggest that this is the normal human condition, not
the anomalous one-not an existence that has to be sought in a
nunnery, a zendo, or total absorption in UFO phenomenology. It is
conceivable and desirable, Michael Murphy, the originator of the
Esalen Institute, points out, to broaden our horizons in this world
and open ourselves more and more to the world we now perceive,
rather than disengage from it. Perception of new dimensions of the
physical world can actually stimulate our evolutionary advance “by
revealing new territories for the human race to explore and
inhabit.”20
By a willingness to explore and inhabit these new dimensions of
our physical world, we might be able to truly understand the meaning of a being who appears in C. S. Lewis’s space trilogy Perelandra as
a thirty-foot giant, burning white-hot, and says to the astonished
protagonist: “I am not here in the same way you are here.”21
Other scientists, most notably physicist David Bohm, have developed a concept of the world and the human brain that was based on
holographic principles. Perhaps you have seen the fascinating displays of laser technology that produce three-dimensional images of
objects or beings that seem eminently physical. Yet, if you reach out
to touch these laser projections, your hand passes right through
them. Edgar Mitchell was involved in a great deal of research indicating that the human brain manages information in a similar way: taking triangulated “snapshots” of the image before us and storing them
away until we need to recreate them again as realistic, 3-D images.22
Mitchell points out that the brain and every cell of the body is a
quantum entity, which means they have both local (particle) and nonlocal (wave) properties. The nonlocal information in our experiences are
those that continuously resonate and vibrate with the underlying, infinite, and unstructured energy of the universe. At this point of connection, our individual being contributes its own unique information and
experience into that larger force, just as a stream trickles into the river
and then into the ocean. Quantum theory attempts to deal with the
issue of how these particles stay connected and somehow “know” what
the others are doing. Some physicists refer to that underlying and connective force as the “zero-point energy field.”
But the most useful idea is this: that at extremely subtle levels, the
quantum energy given off by every individual carries with it the information of that person’s entire inner experience. Not only do you carry
around in the essence and atoms of your body all the life experiences of
your former years, but those energetic particles of your life are also
stored in the shared consciousness of the universe. It’s a bit like discovering that your own personal information-address, name, phone
number-is tucked away in the massive Manhattan telephone directory or in the largest search engine or databank on the Web. You didn’t
ask to be there, but there you are, accessible and equal to all other conscious beings who know how to tap into the resources of the nonlocal
information system.
Further, Mitchell states that it’s this mysterious nonlocality that
brings new insight to many of the most puzzling and subjective
aspects of human consciousness-telepathy, for example. If that is
indeed true, perhaps some day none of us will know what it is to live a
truly private life-not after the human race masters or reintegrates
what are evidently inherent, if unused, abilities within us. Perhaps
that’s one of the things the aliens are demonstrating on a very small,
incremental scale, one abductee at a time: a way of knowing that effortlessly taps into the largest databank available, the centralized energy
field of the universe.
Think back to Budd’s case of Lisa, a young woman going on a job
interview with a man, “Mr. Nelson,” who seemed to know far more
about her than was humanly possible. Although she had never met this
man before, he knew the secret of her sexual abuse as a child; he knew
her emotional state when her father left the family; he knew that she
had had sex with her boyfriend for the first time the day before in a
locked house with the bedroom door shut. Since he later drove her to
an encounter with aliens in a landed UFO, he was also evidently aware
that Lisa had ongoing abduction experiences.
If the holographic model of the universe and the individual brain
operates along the lines of the thinking of Edgar Mitchell, physicist
David Bohm, and writer Michael Talbot, among others, it’s not mystical
or magical at all to conceive of “Mr. Nelson” having access to all of
Lisa’s personal experiences. According to Mitchell:
Quantum holography as a carrier of nonlocal information is then
available to the individual. Some individuals seem to make this shift
of awareness more naturally and easily than others. They are able to
consciously perceive nonlocal information, as their brain quells the
noise and focuses on the signal.23
Lisa even recalled an unusual experience within her own consciousness, almost as if “Mr. Nelson” had accessed or “touched” her retrieved
memory in some way. As she got into his car and he began to comment
on what he knew of her most secret moments, Lisa said she suddenly
felt very tiny inside herself, the size of a needle’s point. But her body
felt huge.
There’s a suggestion here of something close to an out-of-body
experience, in which the person is there but peering through a narrow
lens at her own experience. Edgar Mitchell observes that such an event
“. . . would indicate that more of the body/brain is involved in the resonance and one’s entire attention more narrowly directed.”24
Time Travel-If You Dare
Is it physically possible to follow pathways into the past? It’s a question
that’s been much joked about and researched and is still highly controversial. Einstein’s equations do allow you the ability to travel into the
past, but until recently physicists thought that time travel would lead to
the sorts of paradoxes whereby if you traveled into the nineteenth century and accidently killed your great-grandfather, you’d never be born. But
the influential physicist David Deutsch argues that quantum effects,
not relativity, would be dominant in time travel. In fact, on a quantum
level, past-directed connections are continually forming, spontaneously
and naturally, with no time machines involved.
But, of course, humans would want to get in on the action too. To
them the physicists say: Be patient. If physics continues to develop at
the rate it currently is, past-directed time travel is merely “a technological problem that will eventually be solved.”25 However, it’s my duty to
point out to the intrepid voyager that past-directed time travel requires
the manipulation of black holes or wormholes-and some very violent
gravitational disruptions of the fabric of time and space. It’s a little like
locating an airline, then a shuttle, followed by a bus, to take you back to
Normal, Illinois, from New York City in the middle of the worst ice
storm of the millennium: You might be able to do it, with some grief
and frustration, but would you want to?
Future-directed time travel, Deutsch believes, only requires more
efficient rockets, and they are on the foreseeable technological horizon.
Once we have built a time machine, he says, we can expect visitors (or
messages) from the future to emerge from it. But what can they tell us?
Not news of our own future. They can’t know the future of our universe
any more than we’d know theirs. What they could tell us is about the
future of their own universe, whose past would be identical to ours. If
their culture made several disastrous decisions, they could warn us
about them. Maybe we’d follow their advice, maybe not. What we could
greatly benefit from, though, is access to knowledge from the creativity
of minds in other universes.
To their credit, ufologists of the “positivist” school seem to sense the
cornucopia of riches that would spill lavishly from that sort of interstellar cultural exchange. Each new morsel of advance knowledge that we
would receive from the “time machine” or time travel will have had an
author somewhere in the universe, but it may benefit untold numbers
of different universes. If time travel is achieved one day, Deutsch
assures us that it shouldn’t require any fundamental change in our
worldviews-that all the connections it would set up between past and
future, the connections we’d begin to see between apparently unrelated
events, will not be disturbing and paradoxical to us. They’d all be quite
comprehensible. We just don’t have the vantage point to see and appre-
ciate those connections yet.26 But there’s that fifth dimension popping
up again. Does that mean it isn’t going away-that we’re actually going
to have to deal with this strange idea?
Can the Curtain Come Down Now?
With quantum theory and its various offshoots summarized-or
should I say, summarily buzzed over-we begin to sense whether these
abstract, mathematically driven arguments explain anything at all about
UFOs and aliens and alien abductions. The topics above are, to be sure,
still considered somewhat exotic scientific arenas. A decade ago, most
self-respecting physicists would not want to be caught attending a conference with such titles as “Wormholes through Space” or “Beyond
Hyperdimensionality.” However, today physicists who once considered
these ideas quite ridiculous are now taking them extremely seriously.
The scholarly papers, books, conferences, and simplified Nova television versions of the theories are proliferating like mice on fertility
drugs.
All of this should be good news to people interested in UFOs.
Mainstream science, as represented by some of the most influential
quantum physicists today, is finally focused on a model of the universe
that just might leave margins for some of the anomalous subjects we
believe should be included under the banner of scientific research.
Having unexpectedly discovered that so much fascinating territory
was actually on the map of mainstream science, I should have been
content to present here the theoretical concepts and go rest on my
rooftop garden. Nothing proven, but nothing lost or negated by the
findings, either. But the sense of futility is hard to shake. Having
slogged through so much cutting-edge research, what outcome was I
hoping for? Certainly not this ongoing sense of feeling like the frayed
and muddy rope in a tug-of-war between two adversaries-the model
of standard science and the inexplicably bizarre personal experiences
reported by individuals. How credulous it was to have thought of
pulling one truth out of that round of mud-wrestling! It was, in effect, a
zero-sum game to play: using one unproven theory (quantum reality)
to support another unproven theory (UFO abductions).
The truth looks more like this: The characters and incidents from
the previous cases might have emerged from almost any one of these
theories of quantum reality-perhaps from a higher dimension, some
parallel universe, or as a holographic projection. It’s also possible that
not one of those scientific constructs comes close to explaining the
source of what our witnesses saw and experienced.

========================================================================
23. ANNE-MARIE AND THE ELUSIVE MR. PAIGE

As one might guess after reading a few of the individual abduction cases I’ve presented, people who report such experiences
belong to a wide range of racial, religious, and ethnic groups, and run
the gamut of sexual orientation, socioeconomic class, and level of intellectual and professional accomplishment. They also come in all sizes,
shapes, and personality types. One man I worked with, for example,
highly successful in a creative profession, appeared not only to have
very few friends but seemed even to lack a gift for friendship. Edgy,
suspicious, and isolated, he struck me as being as profoundly unhappy
an individual as any abductee I ever worked with, and the only reason I
mention him is because he represents virtually the polar opposite of
“Anne-Marie,” a wonderfully warm, appealing abduction-experiencer
from a large and supportive Italian-American family.
Unlike the man I just described, Anne-Marie makes friends wherever she goes, enjoys a loving relationship with her parents, brothers,
and sisters, and even among casual acquaintances radiates kindness
and a gift for sympathetic understanding. For both Carol and me, she
has become a close and cherished friend. And though one can sense an
undercurrent of the sadness that seems to afflict most abductees,
Anne-Marie’s sunny demeanor and generosity of spirit dominate her
friendships.
Anne-Marie lives alone in a small, beautifully appointed house in
the woods on Cape Cod, surrounded by tall pines and flowering shrubs
and attended by amazingly tame hummingbirds that frequent her wellstocked bird feeders. Since Anne-Marie’s natural altruism extends into
other realms of the animal kingdom, she has become active in an organization devoted to rescuing the unfortunate whales and dolphins that
sometimes find themselves stranded on Cape Cod beaches. She carries
her boots and wet-weather gear in the trunk of her car, ready to help at
a moment’s notice.
I first met Anne-Marie in 1988 when, after having read Intruders,
she called me to ask if I could refer her to someone in Paris to help her
explore her own abduction recollections. At the time, she was working
in England in the film industry, but when she phoned me she was visiting her family on Cape Cod. As I was nearby in my summer studio in
Wellfleet, I suggested she drive up so that I could interview her. Our
subsequent conversations and hypnotic sessions revealed a life-long
series of UFO encounters, and in a recent conversation with her
brother “Peter,” Carol, and me, she described some of her childhood
recollections:
I remember waking up, feeling myself just landing in bed, dropping
down and stopping suddenly, with wet, freshly cut grass all over my
feet. The bottoms of my pajamas were all wet because I’d been outside. I would come down on the top bunk where I slept, because
Peter slept on the bottom bunk.
This was in our big bedroom at Nana’s house. We all shared a
room. [My sisters] Mary and Ellie had the big bed. I had the top
bunk because I was the oldest, and Peter was on the bottom. And I
remember flying in through the side window. In fact, I have an
extremely vivid memory of seeing that house from a bird’s-eye point
of view, up above the roof. It was a big house, but I remember
always coming in that same window and flying right onto my bed,
the top bunk, and then I would throw up because of the motion
sickness. I’d feel as if I’d just been going really fast and then all of a
sudden slow, and I’d throw up, and then I’d go into our mother and
father. I’d wake them up. I’d say, “I just threw up.” I remember
telling my mother I’d been floating through the air [Laughs] and she
would say, “Oh, yeah, right. It must have been a dream.” That was
her stock answer to everything. But you want to say, and you don’t
have the words, “No, it wasn’t a dream. It was real.” As a child you
don’t have the words to express that it was real, so you just kind of
stop telling it after a while, and then you internalize everything
because they’re not going to believe you anyway.
Carol and I had this conversation with Anne-Marie and her brother,
who was about two years younger, in the winter of the year 2000. For
Anne-Marie, the most surprising thing about the evening was hearing
Peter describe for the first time some of his strange but similar childhood experiences.
“I remember floating around, too,” he said, to his sister’s astonishment. I asked where he was when he remembered flying.
I was doing it in my bedroom and I was doing it at “Eric Avallar’s”
house. Vicki’s brother. I’m flying around his room. That’s right. I
remember that, in the bedroom. I can even tell you what it feels like.
I think I was watching, I Dream of Jeanie. No. Jeanie wasn’t on yet.
But I honestly do remember floating around [Laughs] in our bedroom and also over at Eric Avallar’s house, floating around their
house. It was a kick. I know what it feels like to be flying around. I’d
be way up there too. I’d be almost at the ceiling. But I don’t think I
was steering or in control.
A little earlier Peter told us about a UFO sighting he had made as a
young boy, a dramatic incident that Anne-Marie remembered his
describing to her at the time:
We were living in East Bridgewater, and I was about ten years old or
so, and I went out one night with my friends . . . to do, you know,
whatever kids did at seven o’clock at night. I’m standing near the
police station, and remember, the police station was near the high
school. They were side-by-side and I was over near the police station, and I saw what looked like a spaceship land behind the high
school.
So we ran over from the police station. It probably took us a
minute or so to get in back of the high school, and we expected to
see it sitting there. We got there, and it’s, like, “Where did it go?” It
was gone. I mean, it was that fast. Then we ran back to the police
station, where we’d just been, and went in. I can remember the
desk being right up there, we’re looking at the policeman, and he’s
saying, “Oh yeah? Yeah? Tell you what: Bring me a picture.” So the
next week we’re out there with a little Kodak camera. For a week we
were looking for it.
Anne-Marie added her recollection of the incident:
I remember that day, Peter, when you came home, because you
know it wasn’t really dark dark. It was dusk, it wasn’t quite dark yet,
and I remember you came home, and you were saying, “Oh, my
God, oh my God!” You came in, you and Ernie, wasn’t it? Yeah. They
came running in the house and said, “You’re not going to believe
what we saw.” They were really scared and excited.
Peter resumed his account:
This thing was big and close and had lights around it like the
movies. It was real. I actually expected, when I went around the corner, I expected to see something there. I mean, this thing came
right down. It was round and it had lights, orange lights and bright
lights. It was probably about three hundred yards away or so.
The other boy, I think it was Ernie, I haven’t seen him in years
and I have it in the back of my mind when I see him I’m going to
ask, “Do you remember?”
Anne-Marie confirmed his recollection. “It was Ernie. I remember I
thought, Wow, he went to the police and told the police. That means he
really saw it.”
Peter continued:
I was out there the next week with the camera, so I obviously didn’t
dream it. I can see it right now, in my mind. It came down and it
was moving slow. I wasn’t scared. I was a ten-year-old kid, you
know, and when you’re that young, you’re ignorant and you don’t
fear a whole lot.
Though Peter described a few more highly suggestive encounters
that might reward further exploration, he is not interested in doing so
at the present time. This is, of course, a judgment in which I concur. If
an individual’s life is going well-if he or she is relatively happy and
successful, and has few sleep problems or episodes of anxiety-then it
is best to leave well enough alone. To explore and thus possibly to
uncover a history of traumatic UFO abduction experiences is to unnecessarily disturb calm waters.
Anne-Marie, however, had a different attitude toward her own partially recollected UFO abductions. Between 1988 and the present, I
helped her look into a number of such incidents. In two encounters,
separated by several months, she experienced periods of missing time,
each of which was followed by her discovery of a fine, scalpellike cut at
the center of the very top of her scalp. Photographs of these wounds
exactly match photos of scalpellike cuts in other abduction cases, with
the wound located at the very top of the head in precisely the same
place. In several of Anne-Marie’s abductions she was with friends who
experienced the same puzzling periods of missing time and the sense
of “coming to” in an area a mile or so from the location of their last
conscious memory.
But it is not this collection of Anne-Marie’s UFO experiences that
are to be discussed in the following pages, fascinating though they may
be. Almost from the beginning of our friendship, my interest was
caught by her description of a very strange man who lived in the same
house with Anne-Marie’s family and who became the abiding focus of
my interest. His name was Mr. Paige, and this is his story.
At the age of three, Anne-Marie, her parents, and her baby brother Peter
were living in a capacious three-story frame house in eastern Massachusetts. They shared the house with Anne-Marie’s grandparents, who
owned the building. And then one day-out of the blue, one might
say-Mr. Paige arrived. He was to stay with them for almost a decade.
Mr. Paige’s odd physical appearance has been described by various
members of the family. Peter recalls:
When I first remember him I was five years old-four, five, six years
old. Mr. Paige seemed to be at least ninety! [Laughs] Now I would
say early fifties maybe, maybe forties. But you know, here I am, five,
six years old. Maybe he could only have been in his thirties, but he
appeared to be a lot older. However old he was, he was definitely a
very gentle man. I kind of compare the way he looked to the face in
the movie The Wizard of Oz when they go in to visit the wizard and
there’s that big head with the flames and the smoke: “I am the wizard.” He kind of looked like that. His head was rather large, [his]
forehead rather large and kind of veiny. You’d see the veins in his
forehead. Very pale-looking, he always wore white painter’s pants
and a white T-shirt, right? Like Mr. Clean, he was always in white.
His hair was gray and white. Yeah, that’s why I think he was
older. He was very thin, a very, very thin guy. His arms were really
skinny. His height? I would guess he was probably around fiveeleven maybe, something like that. Maybe six feet, yeah. But he was
probably only 145 pounds, 150 pounds. Really thin.
I asked Anne-Marie and Peter if today, at their present ages, they were to
see Mr. Paige for the first time, would they think he was an odd-looking
person. Peter answered first:
Yes, I would. In fact, when we moved to Cape Cod, I was a teenager
and I saw Mr. Paige on his bicycle two, maybe three times on the
Cape. I was out with my friends and we were hanging out at a gas
station where one of the guys worked when he went by. I was too
embarrassed to say that I knew the guy because he looked odd, you
know? I saw him drive by on his bicycle but I didn’t say, “Hey, I
know that guy.” I didn’t say anything. I felt embarrassed that I knew
this guy because he was so odd-looking.
A moment later Anne-Marie also answered my question:
If I were to see him now, I’d think he was odd-looking, too. Just the way
his head went up: It was like he had a long chin. He had a prominent
forehead and a very long chin. He had really bushy eyebrows, too, I
remember that. And when he smiled, his whole face lit up because of
his eyes. And when he spoke, he didn’t have any kind of accent. He
didn’t seem to have any family or any friends, and he owned almost
nothing. It was like he was an island. When I was little I asked him several times where he came from, and he answered by pointing his finger straight up to the sky and saying, “From up north.”
During a later interview, which included “Nicolle,” Anne-Marie’s
mother, Nicolle said, “Mr. Paige never seemed to age. His skin and hair
color was “always gray, grayish-white, as if he’d once been a blonde. If
anything, he would have seemed like a Norwegian or a Swede or something like that. That’s the feeling I get. He certainly wasn’t Italian,” she
laughed.
In addition to his appearance, it was Mr. Paige’s mysterious behavior that drew attention. He arrived at Anne-Marie’s grandparents house
looking for work. He was hired as a handyman and given a place of his
choosing in their large, twenty-two-room house, but to everyone’s surprise he chose quarters in the basement, next to the furnace. Unlike
the upstairs rooms he had been offered, which were near bathrooms,
he picked a room with no running water.
But there are many other oddities. He simply walked into the yard
one day with no references, no identification-in fact, with no visible
connections with the outside world. He had no driver’s license, no
credit cards, no apparent family. For the next eight years he lived with
Anne-Marie’s family, disappearing at irregular intervals for months at a
time. With no prior warning he would simply walk away, carrying a
small satchel, after refusing a lift to the local bus or train station. He
never said where he was going or why, and gave no information when
he returned. He received no mail or phone calls and lived an extremely
simple, almost hermetic existence down in his basement quarters,
which were directly under Anne-Marie’s first-floor bedroom.
And Anne-Marie adored him. From the beginning her mother
allowed Mr. Paige to take her little three-and-a-half-year-old daughter
off for hours for a “nature walk” down to a beloved cow pasture nearby.
What occurred there on these nearly daily outings, what made them so
magical, Anne-Marie to this day cannot remember. She recalls that Mr.
Paige would put her on his shoulders and carry her as she clasped her
hands around his neck and over his prominent Adam’s apple. Nicolle
now wonders why she was so trusting toward a man about whom she
knew absolutely nothing, but she thought of him at the time as being
completely honest and trustworthy around her little daughter: “He
seemed almost like a monk.”
Anne-Marie recalls Mr. Paige’s basement quarters.
The thing I remember most about him is, he lived down in the cellar. I don’t think he had running water down there. It was a large
cellar. My grandmother had a room where she made her lye soap,
another room she had for canning, and he lived near the furnace,
where it was warm. I have great memories, believe me. I lived in
this house since I was very little and I have great memories of this
house and Mr. Paige too. The town where we lived was sleepy. But
there were cow pastures, barns, and a real town, a thriving little
downtown area.
In our earlier interview, Peter had added his recollections:
What I remember most about Mr. Paige is going down in his little
room down there in the cellar and eating soft-boiled eggs. He used
to boil them up . . . he had a little hot plate or something and he
used to boil up soft-boiled eggs. He was such a gentle guy. Friendly.
It was fun to go see Mr. Paige. He made it so special when he
brought you down there.
Another thing that I remember is, he used to serve water with his
soft-boiled eggs or hard-boiled eggs, and you’d usually get two eggs.
They had some salt and pepper on them and he used to serve water
with them, which he poured because he had no running water
downstairs and so he used to have milk bottles of water. And he
would pour the water in a certain way. We’d be sitting around a little
table or something and he’d hold the bottle of water about two feet
from the glass and he’d say, “Okay, now, when you pour the water,
make sure when you hold it up here so the air can get to the water
and aerate the water and purify it.” And that’s how he used to pour
his water. “Now, make sure when you do that . . .” Every time you’d
have a glass of water with him, he always said, “Now make sure . . .”
Anne-Marie remembered the same ritual. Carol asked if during
these visits there was sometimes a group of children down there. “No,”
Anne-Marie answered. “Outside he played with groups of us neighborhood kids, but down there in his room usually it was one-on-one.”
I asked if she knew where Mr. Paige went to use the bathroom.
“Where did he go?” she puzzled, trying to remember. “Did he go up
to the second story? I’m not sure where he would go. I don’t know, I
don’t know. I don’t remember running into him upstairs at the john. I
don’t ever remember, no. There was an outhouse on the property,
behind the barn.
“And that outhouse,” she added with a laugh, “was our clubhouse.”
I was curious to know how, under the circumstances, Mr. Paige
bathed. Earlier both Anne-Marie and Peter had said that he always
seemed extremely clean, and that neither ever recollected running into
him in an upstairs hall with a towel under his arm.
“The only thing I remember him doing was taking turpentine to
wash the paint off his hands,” she recalled.
That’s the only thing I ever remember him doing as far as cleaning.
But you know what, Peter? There was a sink in Nana’s soap room.
There was a sink in there. I think it was only cold water. I think it
was like a soapstone sink, wasn’t it? He could have gotten washed
down there, now that I think of it.
It’s strange: The day he came, my grandmother gave him a tour
of the whole house, and then he asked to see the cellar. I remember
there was a perplexing kind of thing going on, like Why the heck
does he want to see the cellar? And then he goes down there and
picks out the room and it’s under my bedroom. That room was
exactly under my bedroom. And he lived there from ’56 to ’71 or so.
Almost fifteen years. We moved from there in ’64, so I was eight
years with him.
So far in our account of Mr. Paige he could easily-perhaps not easily
but at least plausibly-be seen as an elderly eccentric with a Pied Piperlike effect on children. As Anne-Marie said, “He was such a gentle person that none of us ever made fun of him.” But there were other aspects
of his behavior that add real mystery to the situation.
There is, for example, the matter of his writing. During his long
absences he occasionally wrote to Anne-Marie’s grandmother, his
actual employer, and yet his letters made no real sense. Anne-Marie’s
mother Nicolle described his letters this way:
You couldn’t make out the writing. The sentence never started and
ended. It was very strange, because it isn’t like the way he spoke. He
never said where he was in the letters, and he wrote very rarely, to
let my mother know he’d be coming “one of these days.”
My mother would hand it to me and say, “Can you make sense
of this letter?” And I’d read it and I’d say no. He never told anybody
where he was going or when he was going. All of a sudden, he’d be
gone. And he never told anyone when he was coming back. He’d
just arrive suddenly. We missed him when he went away because
he was like a Mr. Fix-it. He’d know how to fix everything. My
mother put him to work because he was living there downstairs for
free. He would be fixing toasters. . . . He’d always be fixing something.
Carol returned the subject to Mr. Paige’s letters. “I’m interested in
what that communication was. We all get letters from people whose
handwriting is illegible. I write many of them myself,” she joked.
Nicolle pointed out:
It wasn’t that the handwriting was illegible; it was just that the
words were all thrown together. And he didn’t speak that way. He
spoke quite well, like an educated person. His letters were never
written the way he spoke, and my mother would always show them
to me because she thought there was something wrong with her:
“Can you make sense of this letter?”
I thought for a moment that it was as if Mr. Paige had learned, as a
child, how to speak but had never been taught how to construct rational
sentences on a page. He was like an expatriate who has acquired oral
competency in a foreign language but has no mastery of the structure
and syntax of the written language.
But then Anne-Marie brought up a surprising fact completely new
to her mother: Mr. Paige had written a book and had had it published,
presumably at his own expense.
“I didn’t know anything about a book,” Nicolle said, astonished.
“How did he ever have anything really published?”
“Well,’ Anne-Marie replied,
The Cape View Press or someone like that did it. I don’t know where
the books are that he gave me. I think they might be at your house
in the bookcase. You can see them but you’re not going to make
much sense out of them. I have two of them and they make
absolutely no sense at all. It’s like some kind of stream-ofconsciousness writing-just a bunch of mumbo jumbo.
He must have paid to have them printed. I’m sure it was like one
of those little local vanity presses. . . . It was in Hyannis and they
don’t exist anymore. I remember the title of one of the books was
The Long True Promised Life from the West.
What Mr. Paige gave me was . . . they looked to me like rough
galleys or something, just pasting, cutting and pasting, like getting
something ready for press. But a very . . . I don’t know, just a very
unprofessional kind of job. I guess this was his thing, that he was
going to publish these books and get his word out because he had
an opinion on everything, from marriage-and here is somebody
that we never thought had anyone else in his life, if he ever did, but
he had his own ideas on marriage as well as on what to eat and what
not to eat and how this causes that. All of this was in the book, in
the headings he had. I just think, you know, he was a little weird. At
the time there with him, if you said something that he didn’t agree
with, he’d go, “Ha, ha, ha,” and leave. [Laughs] He’d never argue
with you. He’d go “Huff” and leave. He wanted everybody just to be
happy. But those books of his didn’t tell you much.
Nicolle again expressed her amazement: “How could anybody carry
on a perfectly clear conversation with you sometimes and then write
the way he did?”
Anne-Marie replied with her own theory about Mr. Paige’s strange style:
I think some of it was what he thought was channeled writing. I
remember how he sometimes spoke. It was weird, like a kind of
stream-of-consciousness, like he was channeling and writing down
everything he heard. I talked enough with him to know that you
could have a normal conversation. He could put sentences together.
They made sense-I mean, grammatically they made sense when
he talked-but some of the stuff that he believed in I didn’t, and so
we didn’t argue about it. He believed in what he wanted and I
believed in what I wanted.
But Anne-Marie had another, more significant recollection about
Mr. Paige:
When I was eleven through about sixteen, when we had moved and
he was still living at my grandmother’s, he would write to me and
sometimes I got three letters a week from him. That was when I
was living in East Bridgewater. I didn’t understand them, but in a
way I did. Well, I did and I didn’t. I could understand part of them, I
could sometimes get the gist, but then . . .
When he was living there or about to leave on one of his long
trips and I would be very sad, he would tell me to send him my
thoughts and feelings and he would know. And I did send him my
thoughts. I would tell him in my mind about something that happened in school, for instance, and he would write to me and say he
understood what had happened to me in school, as if he really had
received my thoughts. It was the strangest thing.
All of his letters would be typed. He had this old typewriter. He
would type something and then leave a space. I told you about this.
He would leave a space, a gap in the sentence, and he would write in
all these symbols instead.
The symbols that he drew in his letters to Anne-Marie are an aspect
of the Mr. Paige saga I had been interested in from the moment she
first mentioned them to me, and for a very important reason: Over the
decades, various abductees I’ve worked with recalled having seen
remarkably similar sets of symbols during abduction experiences.
Sometimes they were on the walls of the ship, occasionally on the edge
of the examination table, and often on flat, booklike or tabletlike surfaces. I have no idea what these symbols mean-one can speculate that
they are an alien notational system of some kind-but they are so simi-
lar as to fall outside the realm of coincidence or chance. I have never
published these symbols because, so long as they remain unknown to
the public at large, they offer an excellent way to validate the testimony
of people who recall abduction experiences.
These “alien” symbols are not often reported by abduction experiencers. Among the hundreds of abductees I have worked with, perhaps
only one in twenty-like Anne-Marie-recalls having seen examples of
a possible notational system, but those who do recall them describe
extraordinarily similar images. It is difficult to know whether or not the
presence of such symbols is as rare as eyewitness testimony suggests,
because there are several factors that might limit an abductee’s observational powers.
First, of course, is the issue of fear. A paralyzed man or woman
lying on a table and undergoing a possibly painful, quasimedical procedure is not always an objective, wide-ranging viewer of his immediate
surroundings, and thus a row of symbols some distance away might be
easily overlooked. Then there is a second issue, mundane in the
extreme, that I have encountered many times. Nearsighted people,
abducted at night with neither eyeglasses nor contact lenses in place,
often say they can only see clearly what is close to them. Conversely, for
farsighted abductees, a closeup view of a page of symbols would likewise be a blur. And yet a third limiting factor has to do with the fact
that investigators often neglect to ask abductees if they recall having
seen anything resembling writing or a notational system during their
abductions.
If these are generalizations about the basic issue of an alien notational system, Mr. Paige’s involvment in the issue is both very specific
and extremely suggestive. Though none of his letters survive-a mystery I will soon address-after a hypnotic session Anne-Marie said the
symbols he included in his letters were very similar to those she
recalled seeing during a UFO abduction experience. Thus Mr. Paige
apparently noted down many of the specific alien symbols with which I
am familiar, placing them into preplanned gaps in his typewritten letters to the very young Anne-Marie, as if he assumed she would know what
they meant. But why would he assume such a thing, and how did he
know about these symbols in the first place?
From a very early age Anne-Marie recalled his mentioning “flying
saucers.” They were real, he told her, but she was not to be afraid of
them. If Mr. Paige were only a mystically inclined eccentric, his
embrace of flying saucers would hardly be surprising or unusual. But
because he was familiar to some extent with the appearance of an alien
notational system and communicated these symbols to Anne-Marie-
who, we recall, was experiencing her own UFO abductions-we can
infer that Mr. Paige might himself be an abductee. Either that, or that
he had some kind of ongoing special connection with the UFO phenomenon. If the latter is true, many things about his strange behavior
fall into place. Anne-Marie’s description of him as being like an island
in our extraordinarily interdependent normal world makes perfect
sense. Despite how odd it sounds to say so, one can at least hypothesize
that Mr. Paige belonged to neither world completely-neither to our
familiar, quotidian existence nor to the enigmatic alien world of telepathy, paralysis, UFOs, and human abductions. This complex view of Mr.
Paige is one that Anne-Marie has gradually come to hold.
My friend and colleague Stanton Friedman has long employed a
useful expression-“my ‘gray basket,’ ” to describe those reports of
UFO sightings, abduction accounts, propulsion systems, whatever, that
at present do not belong to any distinct, repeated pattern. But if the
source of such an anomalous anomaly seems credible, Stan does not
automatically reject it but instead drops it, metaphorically, into his
“gray basket” for later consideration. Mr. Paige, it is safe to say, virtually
dwells in my “gray basket.”
But there are still more strands to this mysterious fabric.
Central to Anne-Marie’s connection to Mr. Paige were the “nature
walks” that he took her on, from the time she was a three-and-a-halfyear-old child. They led through the woods to the cow pasture that she
ever after remembered as magical. She describes it this way:
When he took me for the nature walks, he would tell me the Latin
names for flowers and weeds that we passed: “That is a blah, blah,
blah weed or flower.” He’d say, “Now repeat after me,” and I’d
repeat it. It didn’t mean anything to me. I can’t recall any of them
now. Sometimes, when I’ve looked at the Latin names of flowers,
some sound familiar to me, but I didn’t memorize any of them. It’s
not like he said there’s going to be a test next week. [Laughs] I
remember one time he gave me a little lecture about praying mantises, which I had been afraid of, but he told me how they eat the
bad bugs and do good for the environment, and he actually made
me feel comfortable around them.
Years later, when I was seventeen and living on the Cape, Aaron
White, my old boyfriend, and I went back to visit because I wanted
him to meet Mr. Paige. We stayed overnight at Nana’s, where he was
still living. I said, “Mr. Paige, I want you to take us down to the cow
pasture. I want you to show me the pasture and I want Aaron to see
it.” So we go down there and I said, “Now, I want Aaron to take a
picture of the two of us.” Mr Paige says, “No, no, no. I don’t want
my picture taken,” and this went on for a few minutes. Finally, I
said, “Mr. Paige, this means a lot to me. I don’t have a picture of
you.” So finally he relented but he didn’t like it and you could tell in
the photograph that he was feeling uncomfortable and awkward. It
was me in this black and white wool coat and we had our arms
around each other and he was looking straight at the camera and I
was so happy when that picture came out because I finally had a picture. But I had to beg him. That was the only picture of him I ever
had and it disappeared with a box of my things in Paris. Someone
must have broken into my apartment and stolen only my photo
album and my file of old important letters and papers, including the
letters he had sent me. Nothing in the file or album [was] really valuable, but it broke my heart to lose that picture.
I asked Anne-Marie why, when she was seventeen, she wanted to
show her boyfriend the cow pasture. She replied:
I don’t know. It was almost like I wanted, as a young adult, I wanted
someone else as an adult to see the cow pasture with me because it
held this magical feeling for me in my head, and I wanted to know,
was it really there? I wanted to go back. Is it really there? Is it like I
remembered it? When I was little, it was when we got in the woods
near the cow pasture that it was the best. There were mushrooms. I
remember there was a tree there, there was a shady tree in the middle of the cow pasture. It was a beautiful space, with woods all
around the place-all around it except for one row which went by
one side of it, I think, with an electric fence or some kind of fence.
But it was a dirt road we’re talking about, a path through the woods,
that we would take. And there was a big rock that was there in the
field. It wasn’t flat. It was just sort of a big . . . no, no, it was huge. It
was like something left over from a glacier.
The whole place felt magical. I remember we would go and see
the skunk cabbage that was in the woods. I remember there was a
very marshy wet place. . . . There was a pretty little brook that ran
through there. Maybe that’s why they have the cows there, because
they could drink from this brook. But there was definitely some
marshy stuff back there, because I remember getting wet and I
remember the skunk cabbage. There was a lot of skunk cabbage, and
that only exists in marshy areas. Skunk cabbage smells like skunk.
However magical the cow pasture seemed to Anne-Marie, she could
not remember what she and Mr. Paige did when they got there, though
sometimes they were gone for most of the afternoon. To me, it seemed
that her walk down to the pasture was not only the most exciting part of
the adventure, it was, oddly, the only part that she recalled with any
clarity.
Around the time Anne-Marie and I first met, she told me about a
disturbing incident in the pasture involving herself and another little
girl, her friend “Myra.” It was an experience that cast an unpleasant
shadow over her memories of that enchanted place, and its most baffling aspect is her uncharacteristic attitude that day toward her friend.
In fact, all of her life Anne-Marie has suffered from guilt feelings about
her behavior, which she regards as completely unlike her and inexplicable in its tinge of brutality.
I have known Anne-Marie for nearly fifteen years and I regard her
as one of the kindest people I have ever met. In light of the love and
consideration she instinctively bestows upon family, friends, and even
casual acquaintances, her behavior toward Myra in this simple
childood incident strikes me as incomprehensible.
She describes what happened:
I decided one day I was going to take Myra to the cow pasture and
show her around. She had never been down there before. We were
both about nine years old at the time. So we get down to the cow
pasture and then all of a sudden I suggest that we play hide-andseek. I planned it. I told her she was “it” and she had to count by the
big rock. I ran off and hid, and I watched her from behind a tree
where she couldn’t see me. I watched her for a long time, searching
for me and calling me. I watched her finally freak out and start crying. She was so frightened. She didn’t know where she was or how
to get home. She was lost and I had abandoned her.
When she was really upset and crying and afraid, I came out and
she was so furious at me. She said, “I’m going to tell my mother on
you.” She was really upset and we went home together. Sally, her
mother, was visiting with Mom. They were in the kitchen and Myra
comes running in, “Mom, Mom,” and she told them what I did and
I got punished for it. I got sent to my room or put in the corner or
something.
But I had such a sense of shame and also bafflement. I thought,
Why did I do that to my friend who I love? Why did I torture and victimize her like that? I couldn’t understand it. It was always a mystery
to me but something that always stayed in my mind as an act of cruelty I did as a child, but I couldn’t understand why I did it. Why did
I do that? And I felt so guilty.
We became friends again, thank God. I apologized and everything, and we became friends again, but I never forgot it. It was
always something, like a major incident from my childhood that I
didn’t understand.
I set up the whole thing. I took her there and suggested the
game. I never, never played hide-and-seek with just one other person. It was no fun with just one. We used to play hide-and-seek with
the whole neighborhood. Playing hide-and-seek with one is like
playing tag with just one person. That’s another reason this whole
thing seems so strange.
Carol asked Anne-Marie now how she explains what she did. AnneMarie said,
I’ve spoken to Budd at length about this, and I know some strange
things happened down there in the pasture with Mr. Paige. UFO-
related things. I just have a feeling about it, and I think what I was
doing with her was, I was reenacting what I felt when I was left
alone or I was lost down there, and I just needed to reenact it with
somebody else. Like I was playing a trick. It was not like me,
because I was the kind of kid who, if there was a kid being picked on
in the neighborhood, I would be standing up for the kid, like little
“Rosemary Dennison.”
But then, I also told Budd about another incident. There were two
incidents where I was the instigator of something a little cruel. The
other one, I think Peter was part of it. In the field behind Nana’s
house. . . . Up high on the hill with apple trees. There was tall grass
around the trees. I remember we all formed a circle around little
“Rosemary Dennison” and she was the victim, and we were all poking
at her and teasing her. She was crying. Kids didn’t do things like that
in our neighborhood. We didn’t have that kind of neighborhood. Kids
got along. But I orchestrated this too! I remember being in a circle of
kids-Peter, probably Mary, Ellie, and those kids next door, Bobby and
Willie. But also I remember two other kids too-the kids who had the
little playhouse in the backyard next to us, across the street. Their
house was between us and the Dennisons. Well, they were part of this
thing, and we were all around Rosemary. The “Dennisons” were the
poor kids of the neighborhood, and I remember we were poking her
and she was just sitting there. She was too afraid to move, I think. We
were all around her. It was just weird. And then finally she started to
cry, and then right away it was like, “Okay, let’s stop this.” But it was as
if we were seeing how far we could go.
I was the oldest of the kids and she was the youngest, and we
were seeing how far we could go, you know, before she broke. It
wasn’t really pain-inflicting. We were just kind of poking her and
making fun of her. Nothing terribly physical.
I asked if this poking had a sexual component.
No, no, no, nothing like that. No, it was just sort of poking her and
saying whatever, “You’re dirty,” or “You smell,” or something like
that, because they were a dirty, poor family that lived in our neighborhood. But I used to go over to their house all the time and clean
their house and do anything I could for them, you know. I remember Mrs. Dennison would say. “All right, Anne-Marie, enough is
enough. You really don’t have to clean our house.” But I wanted to
help them. I’d bring them cookies. I felt bad for this family.
It wasn’t like I was a mean kid, because I felt for them because
they were poor and I wanted to help them. I remember giving my
doll clothes to the daughter. I mean, I’d give just anything I could
give that was my own, which isn’t a lot when you’re eight or nine
years old.
I asked Anne-Marie if her generosity to the family came after the
incident with Rosemary. “No,” she replied,
This went on all during the years. So, during this time, this incident
with Rosemary happened, and why would I have done it? That was
another thing I couldn’t figure out, because why would I do something like this to a little girl who I was trying to help otherwise? And
that was a big guilt thing for me. Those two things stand out more
than anything from my childhood, and they were both about victimizing somebody else who was helpless. I was the ringleader. I saw it
as being my thing, and that at some point I could call it off, and
when I called it off, it was stopped.
Now I think that since I’d been poked and prodded when I was
being taken-abducted-that that was what this was about. I was
probably reenacting something, to try and get it out.
I reminded Anne-Marie that it is a basic tenet of psychological theory that if someone was abused as a child, sexually, verbally, or physically, that person as an adult will tend to abuse his or her children too.
She replied that, “of course, in my family, no victimization happened.
So it’s not like I was acting out because of something that happened at
home. And I had Mr. Paige as my guardian angel. He was very protective of me.”
I explained to Anne-Marie how I felt when she first told me about
these two abusive childhood incidents. “The thing that struck me is
how strange they seemed to you, your own behavior being so out of
character at the time. I always pay attention when somebody says, ‘This
is weird for me to have done.’ And when something that in a way is
actually as minor as these incidents is recalled with guilt years, decades
later . . .”
“I’ll never forget it,” she said. “I was very ashamed of myself.”
Only once, in 1988, did I try to conduct a hypnotic regression session
on Anne-Marie’s trips to the cow pasture with Mr. Paige. The results
were both emotionally moving and ambiguous-and worth describing.
I set the scene, with Anne-Marie as a little girl riding on Mr. Paige’s
shoulders. She vividly relived the sense of being high up on his back-
he was, as I remembered, nearly six feet tall-and being carried down
the path that led to the magical pasture. She described her arms around
his neck and the feel of his prominent Adam’s apple against her steadying hands. He was perspiring slightly as he walked, but he continued
telling her about the plants and flowers they were passing by.
And then there was a pause in her account-a long pause. She
began to cry softly and spoke no more. After a few minutes I asked if
she wanted to end the session, and she nodded. I counted from five
down to one, my usual way to end the relaxed trance state, and she
opened her eyes.
Anne-Marie lay on the couch and wiped away her tears. She said
that Mr. Paige’s presence had seemed so real that many memories
flooded back. It was unmistakable to me that on some very profound
level she adored him, whatever his role in her life had been-or, perhaps I should say, whatever roles he had played in her life. Because she
later said something to me that indicated she did not really want to find
out exactly what happened down in that pasture during all the many
times Mr. Paige took her there.
She was certain that he never physically harmed her, nor abused her
sexually or in any other way: That much seems clear. But I am left with
other, equally disturbing scenarios in my mind. Did Mr. Paige regularly
deliver her, a young and helpless abductee, to the occupants of a landed
UFO? Did he abandon her in the cow pasture, frightened and alone, in
the same way that she later took little Myra down to the pasture and
abandoned her, inflicting her own terror on another little girl?
Who was Mr. Paige? Why did he exist as an “island,” as a man of
total mystery, apparently lacking a home, a family, a past, or even the
simplest ability to connect rational sentences together on the written
page? Why did he maintain the strictest secrecy about his life, withholding every single detail, even from those like Anne-Marie whom he
apparently loved? When he left so abruptly on his long trips, declining
even a free ride to a bus station, where did he go?
Anne-Marie’s mother, Nicolle, once hypothesized that perhaps
somewhere else there was another family like her own that took care of
him during these times, paying him as a handyman and allowing him
to live in their basement. Obviously she could only see Mr. Paige in a
mirror image of their own situation, because to imagine him leading a
normal life elsewhere, with a family, a job, and a home, was impossible. “I can’t imagine he could ever hold down a regular job,” she told
me. “He was too weird. No one would ever hire him.”
Anne-Marie tells of the last time she saw Mr. Paige. It was 1970.
She was living on Cape Cod with her parents and siblings. Two years
before, Mr. Paige had also moved to the Cape, apparently to be closer to
Anne-Marie. Her parents provided him a place to live in part of a
duplex apartment they owned, much as Anne-Marie’s grandmother
had let him stay in the basement of her large house in Attleboro. In the
past, each time he had gone away on one of his mysterious trips, he
had told Anne-Marie the day before that he was leaving. Worried, she
would look into his eyes and ask if she would see him again. He always
returned her gaze and said that he would be coming back; she would
see him again. But this time, when seventeen-year-old Anne-Marie
asked if he was coming back, she saw that he lowered his eyes and
murmured an unconvincing yes. She knew she would never see him
again. And she didn’t, nor did any member of her family, nor did anyone ever receive a letter from him. He disappeared from their family
life as mysteriously as he had entered it years before.
As one listens, bewildered, to Anne-Marie’s account, one can only
speculate helplessly about the nature of Mr. Paige’s view of himself, of
his role in the world, and, above all, the source of his allegiances. After
spending so much of my life investigating the extraordinary complexity
of the UFO phenomenon, I no longer see it as schematically as I did
twenty-five years ago. The UFO phenomenon is not a simple “us”-and-
“them” situation in which distant aliens in spaceships drop down to
Earth from time to time to abduct and study our citizens, taking the
biological samples they need to accomplish their as yet not fully under-
stood program of genetic manipulation. Case after case leads me to the
idea that there are already transgenic beings, sharing human and alien
characteristics, living and functioning among us. And it is not inconceivable that some of these beings may not be fully aware of their own
complex genetic makeup, and thus do not so much represent an ominous fifth column of infiltrators as they do an emotionally ill-equipped,
confused, externally directed group of quasiservants wending their way
through daily life, understanding little and deprived of a great deal.
Who in this sad story do we feel more sympathy for-Anne-Marie
and her close-knit family, or the awkward, uncommunicative, strangelooking Mr. Paige, even if he might often have been the agent who
dutifully-and duplicitously-carried Anne-Marie to her waiting
abductors?

======================================================================
24. THE LUCKIEST LITTLE ABDUCTEE

When Budd and I went to interview Anne-Marie on Cape Cod in
February 2000, she took us for a drive one evening along Airport
Road near her present home. Used mainly by local people, the road was
a narrow blacktop that wound its way eventually into a wooded area.
There were no streetlights or houses along this stretch of road. As we
rounded a bend half hidden by scrub oak trees, Anne-Marie pulled over
and stopped the car, leaving the headlights on.
“Right up there,” Anne-Marie said, pointing. “You couldn’t miss it. I
just remember a whoosh, and it stopped on a dime right over the
woods. It was hovering so low over the road, about treetop level. My
heart was pounding. I don’t know what was going through my mind.”
With Anne-Marie showing us how the hovering craft extended
beyond the road slightly, Budd approximated its size to be about thirtyfive feet across. This event, as I mentioned briefly in an earlier chapter,
happened to Anne-Marie in 1973, when she was nineteen and driving
alone at night. It was her first conscious memory of sighting a UFO, and
she remembers little about what happened after the initial shock. But in
1988, when she’d first begun to explore her experiences with Budd, he
regressed her back to that moment and that stretch of road. Under hypnosis, Anne-Marie recalled being taken inside the craft, which had
landed in the woods, and made to undergo what seem to us now to be
rather standard medical procedures. Standard for aliens, that is.
It was on this same night that the UFO occupants handed Anne318
Marie a thick tablet that was covered with symbols. She remembers
bracing to accept its weight, but was surprised to find it light as a
feather. As her eyes scanned the odd symbols, Anne-Marie knew she’d
seen them many times before, during her childhood and, we assume,
during earlier abductions. Although she believed that the beings had
once taught her to recognize individual symbols, she’d never before
seen them this way, put together as a seemingly integrated text. Then
for a few seconds Anne-Marie could read and understand what the
tablet said. Horrified and shocked by what she’d read, she raised her
head to stare at the aliens, and when she looked down again her ability
to read the text was gone. She cried out: “This is so terrible! You have to
tell us about this. . . .” In the small vehicle the beings were quite close
to Anne-Marie, and she’s not certain how they communicated that her
sudden loss of memory was all right, but her sense of what they “said”
was: You’ve seen and you’ll remember when the time is right. She also
sensed that the aliens wanted her to know she’d be called on to play a
role in whatever cataclysmic event that would unfold in the future. To
this day Anne-Marie has no idea what the symbols or the text meant.
As Budd mentioned, after the session Anne-Marie drew an approximate version of some individual symbols she was shown. They have a
distinctive appearance that first brings to mind Egyptian hieroglyphics
or Chinese iconography. Yet, the symbols don’t fit either of those categories, nor, as far as we know, do they resemble any other known written human language. I’ve gone through Budd’s collection myself and
have seen how closely Anne-Marie’s drawings compare with remembered alien notations drawn for Budd by other experiencers-people
abducted in other decades, other countries, and under completely different conditions from Anne-Marie’s.
For me, these symbols constitute some of the most noteworthy clues
of this case. Having never been made public, they’re the touchstone of
credibility that links Anne-Marie with other abductees’ experiences and
observations while on board the craft, and they also are among the small
but significant details that link Mr. Paige to Anne-Marie’s UFO experiences. In his rambling typewritten letters to the girl during his long
absences, Mr. Paige left blank spaces in which he handwrote symbols
that he believed she would understand-symbols virtually identical to the
ones she recalled being taught by the aliens. In this arena their lives
overlapped and their knowledge was secret and shared only by the two
of them, he seemed to think. Unfortunately for Mr. Paige, it was as if
he’d underestimated the memory-blocking specificity of the aliens.
Seeing the symbols, Anne-Marie knew she should know or had known
them but didn’t know what Mr. Paige was trying to say exactly.
The Significance of Anne-Marie’s Case
There was something profoundly moving and ambiguous to me about
the fifteen-year involvement of the enigmatic, gentle Mr. Paige with
Anne-Marie’s family-first on a Massachusetts farm and later on Cape
Cod, that narrow isthmus of land curling out into the Atlantic Ocean. In
particular it was this monklike, unworldly man’s benevolent influence
over young Anne-Marie-as well as, paradoxically, his probable role in
her abduction experiences-that struck me as entirely new material to
attempt to understand in the context of this phenomenon.
There was a deep affection and bond that lasted for years between
Anne-Marie and Mr. Paige, the oddball handyman with the huge forehead and long, pointed chin who showed up in her life as her mentor,
teacher, protector, and surrogate father when she was three and a half
years old. Whether told from Anne-Marie’s highly subjective point-ofview, or from her brother Peter’s somewhat less subjective recall, or
from her mother’s fairly objective viewpoint, the account of their long
relationship holds within its telling a mutuality that is unique in both
its commitment and its high paranormal quotient. Anne-Marie and
Mr. Paige had one of the most rewarding relationships that we currently know of and deal with in these pages between a human being
and what we might infer is a transgenic or “normal” being with alien
characteristics.
Is this a large speculative leap about Mr. Paige? Perhaps. But let’s
take a look at the aspects of his and Anne-Marie’s overlapping lives in
terms of what we would ordinarily refer to as “normal” exchanges.
Telepathy
Apparently, Mr. Paige had some form of telepathic resonance with
Anne-Marie, even when he was away on one of his trips. Before leaving,
he told her to think of him, essentially sending him her thoughts, and
he would know them. Anne-Marie can recall at least one instance of a
schoolroom situation that made her very unhappy. When he returned
from the trip, he mentioned the incident, and on several occasions he
seemed to know events that had happened to her while he was away.
But whether this is the sort of informed guesswork that some fortunetellers use or whether he actually did pick up some specifics of AnneMarie’s distress is unclear, since the letters no longer exist.
What we do have to acknowledge is that among certain scientists-the
group at Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research, Hal Puthoff, Edgar
Mitchell, Fred Alan Wolf, and Nobel prizewinner Kary Mullis, among others-the subject of the paranormal is not at all off limits. The possible
connection between the paranormal and UFOs eventually also fascinated
Dr. Allen Hynek, an astronomer and former Air Force consultant hired to
debunk UFO sightings, who eventually came to take the phenomenon
quite seriously. In a 1978 lecture at a Mutual UFO Network conference,
Hynek suggested the possibility that somewhere in the universe existed a
supercivilization that had discovered how to utilize
ESP, psychokinesis, teleportation, mental telepathy [emphasis added]
as part of their everyday technology as we incorporate transistors
and computers in ours. . . . UFOs could well be the product of such
a technology. To such a technology, the idea of building nuts and
bolts spacecraft and blasting them off from some space Cape
Canaveral would seem archaic and childlike. Perhaps all they have
to do to get someplace is to think themselves there, projecting a
thought form, or a force field[,] to any part of space they want and
causing it to manifest there, on that plane.1
Speaking of everyday technologies: Mr. Paige also might have been able
to continue supervising Anne-Marie from a remote location if she had
been outfitted with one of the “implants” or chips that we discussed in
earlier chapters. With little effort Mr. Paige would have been able to
track his protégée, monitor her emotional peaks and valleys, log her
physiological data, such as her fertility cycle, perhaps even watch her
from any distance-on planet or off. The Veri-Chip (or some future
cousin thereof ) would keep right on ticking.
Floating
Both Anne-Marie and Peter have childhood memories of “floating”-
not your ordinary childhood anecdote. Anne-Marie’s experiences were
always associated with either being taken out through a wall or window
or returned downward through space, inside a craft, very quickly, and
then quite suddenly slowing down in order to reenter her room and
drop onto the top bunk, where she promptly became sick. Either emotional stress or motion sickness would be equally valid reasons for her
vomiting. If the craft was putting out a certain level of radiation at the
time, that could also account for the nausea. What is harder to account
for on a logical basis is the fact that most of Anne-Marie’s memories of
her childhood home and ground are from a bird’s-eye point of view. She
literally recalls her grandparents’ sprawling house and farm from an
aerial perspective. In memory she sees the roofs, the overall layout of
the house and outbuildings, the woods and pastures-as if she’d been
floating above it all.
Science can now achieve a sort of levitation or “floating”-although
they prefer to call it “diamagnetism.” This recent discovery takes
abductees’ floating reports out of the magical realm. In experiments a
frog in a small container had a large magnetic force placed above it.
The magnet caused all of the atoms inside the frog’s millions of cells to
alter their motion to repel the exterior force. The frog’s disturbed electrons had created their own magnetic field to repel the magnet seeking
to pull it upward, while at the same time the weak force of gravity
pushes it downward.
At that point, the frog has reached a type of stasis as the forces
equalize out.2 Mr. Frog might just as well enjoy; after all, he’s floating
freely in a diamagnetic field that his own body has helped to create. We
believe a similar process could be what floats small children and sizable adults out windows and, with some tweaking of magnetic and
gravitational forces, lifts them gently into a craft that is also, possibly,
hovering in keeping with the same principles.
Or perhaps the frog would agree with a child who once wrote in a
science exam that gravity was the principle of “no fair jumping up
without coming back down.” As far as we know, frogs-and
abductees-do come back down.

26a
Electromagnetic levitation has been used for years in various industrial and
transportation systems. To work, these systems need a source of energy at all
times or the levitation will end. Physicists predicted that stable levitation of a
magnet was impossible. Today’s science, however, achieves real levitation that
can last forever and has no energy input. This is possible through the use of certain materials that are surprising in their diamagneticism, meaning that when
they are exposed to a magnetic field, they induce a weak magnetic field, or force,
in the opposite direction. Diamagnetic materials include water, carbon graphite,
and bismuth-even human fingers, frogs, and fruit. In the photo above, a cube
magnet is suspended between two carbon blocks. Pictured below is another
small magnet floating between two carbon blocks. In both cases, material not
considered to be magnetic conductors are providing permanent, stable levitation. (Photos courtesy of Forcefield at www.wondermagnet.com)

26b
“I Thought Everybody Floated”
Many abductees’ reports include the seemingly impossible feat
of “floating.” Molly, for instance, remembers that she and her
brother floated out their window into the bright beam above.
Anne-Marie’s brother Peter, a businessman on Cape Cod who is now
in his late thirties, also recalls floating as a child. But he remembers
only the exciting novelty of floating near his bedroom ceiling.
Unfortunately, Budd suspects that might be the prelude to an as yet
unexplored abduction.
Another case that Budd and I investigated involved a television
anchorman-turned-entertainer, “Spencer,” a genuinely funny but
extremely phobic man in his late-thirties. On a Friday night in
September 1984, Spencer and his wife experienced an abduction in
the Adirondacks as they were driving back from a Borscht-belt
comedy gig at a major hotel there. The sightings that night were
numerous, and the following day, contrary to its usual policy of
ignoring such reports, The New York Times featured a major
“Metro” section story about the upstate sightings by multiple witnesses.
In a preinterview before hypnosis, Spencer told us something
he’d never told anyone else. When he was a little boy, he said, his
family lived in a large three-story house. It was his peculiar habit at
certain times to run down one flight of stairs, then race across a hallway 
toward another flight of stairs that led to the lower floor. On the
landing of that stairwell, he recalls, an extremely bright light would
be shining through the windows. “I’d hit the landing,” Spencer said,
“and I swear to you that I’d float up over that landing. Sometimes I
thought I’d hit the ceiling. But then somehow I’d end up down at the
bottom of the stairs without ever having walked down them. At a
certain point in my life it happened a lot. I didn’t make anything out
of it. I just thought I was at, you know, the floating stage.” As we were
all laughing Spencer threw up his hands: “I didn’t know. I was a kid. I
thought everybody floated!”

Origin
As a child just meeting Mr. Paige, Anne-Marie saw the world through
the eyes of a small girl in the embrace of a large family. To her, everybody 
in the family and neighborhood, the plants and animals, all
seemed connected with one another and with her. But Mr. Paige,
Anne-Marie recalls, “seemed like an island.” Only a child who felt fully
encompassed and nurtured by human relationships would be likely to
consider him in quite that way. Mr. Paige seemed to have no past and
no connections he would discuss. When she asked where he came
from, Mr. Paige simply pointed up toward the sky and said: “From up
north.”
From what we can tell, he wasn’t simply making a humorous
remark about his origins. Evidently, Mr. Paige believed he did come
from the ambiguously stated “up north”-but whether that referred to
Toronto or outer space, we don’t know. Anne-Marie and her mother are
certain that Mr. Paige could not be accounted for by any of the usual
means: no driver’s license, no Social Security number, no bank
account, no incoming mail. If we are to attempt to explain this man by
speculating he was in hiding from the law or his past-certainly a possibility-it would be hard to reconcile that idea with both his scrupulous honesty and his commitment to Anne-Marie. In fact, one of the
amusing stories about Mr. Paige is that when he worked for AnneMarie’s grandfather, who was an occasional auctioneer, he could be
counted on to hold up a less-than-stellar used implement or tool and
quite candidly demonstrate the object’s flaw to the audience. The story
goes that Grandpa was neither impressed with nor amused by such
honesty. But Mr. Paige stayed on and repeated his rigorously honest
performance on the very next occasion.
The Teacher-Mentor Role
If Mr. Paige was indeed a “normal,” or transgenic alien-human, he evidenced qualities of personal commitment to Anne-Marie and an
empathy with human emotions that far surpasses those of any other
possibly transgenic beings whom we present in these pages. For
instance, when he and Anne-Marie’s grandfather spent an afternoon
killing rats in the barn, Mr. Paige was adamant that Anne-Marie not be
witness to the butchery. He taught her the Latin names of the flowers
they passed on their trips through the woods to the cow pasture; he
taught her “health-food consciousness” long before most of the nation
caught wind of the idea; and regaled her with his ideas about all
aspects of life, including a more sensible form of currency and the
conditions of a proper marriage, as well as the need to aerate one’s
drinking water.
Preemptive Strikes against Phobias
When Anne-Marie was still quite small, she recalls, Mr. Paige directly
raised the issue of flying saucers with her-again, an unusual subject
of conversation with a child in the early 1960’s. He assured her that
UFOs were real but there was no reason to be afraid of them. In a similar fashion he taught Anne-Marie not to be afraid of the praying mantises, a big-eyed green insect they often came across in the field near
her house. Years later, UFO investigators compared notes and found
that many abductees had a phobic fear of the praying mantis. In
numerous cases abductees have reported that enormous mantises
(along with “reptilian” aliens) are among the stranger forms of intelligent alien life aboard a spacecraft. In retrospect, Mr. Paige’s behavior
might be seen as a preemptive strike, an inoculation to prevent the
most common and often crippling phobias that his abductee-protégée
might develop.
But at that point in UFO and cultural history, the 1960’s, how
would this handyman be aware of common abductee fears that would
not have surfaced in a major way in public arenas like books, films,
and TV until the late 1980’s? Obviously he would if he himself was an
abductee, as Budd has suggested is a possibility, or if he was somehow
working in conjunction with the UFO occupants and given the task of
calming this human child’s inevitable fears. Perhaps the aliens-or
some more enlightened group of aliens-had learned by then what
human primatologists who study the great apes have learned: that the
more the subject’s stress and fears can be allayed, the truer will be the
results of the tests given to the subject and therefore the more valid
the experiment’s conclusions.3
“Mother”
One of the more bizarre-if not downright comic-incidents of
alien attempts to ingratiate themselves with an abductee was told
to Budd by Karla Turner, a writer, abduction researcher, and
abductee. In one of her first conscious memories, she was outside
alone in the middle of the night. She was five years old and looking
up at a six-to-seven-foot-tall praying mantis towering over her.
When she cried out that she wanted her mother, the creature said
to the child: “I am your mother.”
Very few children, I suspect would find that a comforting remark
to hear. We have to speculate what is happening in instances like
these: Perhaps the aliens are testing the human limits of tolerance
at seeing them in their actual, physical form. Or perhaps the mantis
was a screen memory, an image generated in the child’s mind to
soften an even more disconcerting sight. Another possibility that
increasingly strikes me as credible is that the alien beings may have
no set form at all. If they are, instead, holographic or thought projections from either another dimension or another planet, they could
literally take material form of any kind, any species, even as discrete
beings that we don’t recognize as living beings and therefore might
not even see.
If you knew Anne-Marie, you’d see how effectively Mr. Paige must
have planned his strategies to keep her whole, no matter what her experiences aboard UFOs would eventually entail. If you knew the arrested,
fearful, not-fully-realized quality of the majority of abductees that pass
through our front door or e-mail or write or call, you’d also see why it is
that Anne-Marie is truly one of the luckiest little abductees.
She had a Mr. Paige to help, someone who, even on a subconscious
level, she knew understood her experiences-just as he knew she
would recognize the alien symbols in the letters he sent her. Even if
parts of the abduction experiences were traumatic, Anne-Marie had an
ally during fifteen of her most vulnerable years. Other child abductees
at that same period in their own lives generally have no one who
believes their experiences are anything but fantasy or bad dreams.
When the beings arrive and the
children cry out, there is no rescue
by Mom or Dad: They’re quite
likely to be “switched off” and
ignorant of their child’s abduction
in the next room. It’s easy to see
how an abducted child without an
ally would tend to develop deep
feelings of distrust and abandonment that follow her around the
rest of her life and manifest in all
her relationships.
Incomprehensible Letters
from Mr. Paige
One of the most puzzling issues to
Anne-Marie, her mother, Nicolle,
and the grandmother, Mr. Paige’s
employer, was the enormous contrast between the handyman’s verbal abilities and his written communications. The three members 27
of Anne-Marie’s family whom
Budd and I most recently inter- An abductee’s drawing
of a grasshopper-like being she viewed-Anne-Marie, her mother, encountered during a UFO experience.
and her brother Peter-unani- (From Budd Hopkins’s archive)
mously agreed that Mr. Paige
spoke quite well, “like an educated person.” There was no trace of a
regional accent. Yet, the letters he’d occasionally send during his long
absences were nearly incomprehensible. Anne-Marie’s grandmother
would hand them off to Nicolle, not being able to make heads or tails out
of his run-on sentences and garbled thoughts. Nicolle couldn’t understand them, either, except for a sense that he was returning sometime
soon. As for Anne-Marie, who was still receiving letters from Mr. Paige
as she grew into her teens, she could only partially comprehend their
meaning-and those were the sentences he’d typed in English! The
interspersed handwritten symbols in the letters she vaguely recognized
but still could not recall their meaning. Several years ago Anne-Marie
also loaned Budd a manuscript that Mr. Paige had published at his own
expense, and Budd found it no more explicable than anyone else had.
There are several things we might infer from this drastic difference
between Mr. Paige’s verbal and written skills:
• An organic problem. A language disorder called agraphia
describes a person’s acquired inability to write understandable
prose and is usually due to a brain lesion. In other words, the
affected person once knew how to write coherently, but the
brain disorder eliminated that function. Verbal skills may
remain intact.
• A breakdown in the normal process of human acquisition of
language skills. According to linguistic experts: “The acquisition
of the ability to read and write is quite different from learning to
speak and understand speech. Normally, a considerable amount
of explicit instruction is needed [in learning to write], and the
more skilled and erudite writers have usually gone through many
years of rather intense training. Thus, the acquisition of written
language belongs to the so-called secondary socialization, in which
school and other cultural institutions play a very important
instrumental part.”4
Since educational opportunities everywhere are uneven and
unequal, spoken language is the one thing that’s everyone’s property. Even illiterate people speak and carry on their lives quite effectively. And because verbal expression is inherently dynamic and
interactive, one-on-one, it’s more likely to be fluid, changing
according to the speaker’s feedback from his or her listener.
But, worldwide, written language belongs to relatively
few people. It’s associated with often abstract and specialized
knowledge that’s quite separate from “the world of direct experience.” In that workaday world, any inherently intelligent but not
formally educated person has a better opportunity to “pass” in
social and educational situations in which he’ll be judged mainly
by the repeated practice of and feedback about his verbal language ability.5
Given these facts, what is it about the gap between Mr.
Paige’s oral and verbal skills that might shed light on his
background, his place of origin?
A bright man from humble origins. It’s possible that Mr.
Paige was simply an eccentric but intelligent man who
came from poor means, had no formal education, and
therefore had no way to hone his writing skills, which
would have been used mainly in private arenas or
business transactions. As a loner, perhaps with no
family he wanted anyone to know about, it’s conceivable that a person like Mr. Paige might have learned to
speak well from reading and listening to others, as
well as getting the subtle kinds of feedback that we all
get when we make a social or lingual gaffe-in person
and in the immediate moment. That instant feedback
is one of society’s most powerful tools for developing
behavior (and spoken language) that conforms to the
norm.
The main problem with this possibility is that a person from a lower socioeconomic background without
the intervention of formal education usually has his
region, his ethnicity, and his upbringing stamped all
over his verbal expression. You’d expect a strong
regional accent, nonstandard grammar, and less constraint in terms of the rules and conventions followed
by people with a higher level of education. But Mr.
Paige had none of those markers in his speech.
A transgenic human with ties to the aliens. Keeping in
mind Mr. Paige’s other idiosyncrasies, let’s consider
the idea of a transgenic (“hybrid”) human with alien
genes-or a genome manipulated by aliens-growing
up literally off-planet. Where that would be, and how all
these alleged transgenic offspring seen aboard ships
are raised are questions beyond our scope right now.
Let’s assume that Mr. Paige, along with others like
him-passable as humans but answerable to other
beings-was raised in the company of aliens.
Astronomer Seth Shostek and science historian Steven
J. Dick, who philosophize about such matters, invariably attribute a much larger than human neural capacity to even theoretical aliens-more computational
brain power, with a likely ability to download enormous amounts of data into their brains (such as all the
linguistic rules of every known human language). So
the alien creators of Mr. Paige would easily be able to
teach him, a modified human, an oral language by
downloading data, as well as by any of these additional
means: (1) programmed recordings of human verbal
exchanges; (2) watching or listening to human radio
and/or TV signals from Earth (which, of course, has
been the astronomy program Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence’s (SETI) major premise of the
way that extraterrestrial life would locate us; (3) being
put into a human society at certain points in development to “pass” among us. During that trial period, the
transgenic being or, as Budd calls him, the “normal”
would interact and learn language skills as most
humans do, by speaking, getting feedback, and further
refining the skill.
But if a person’s written language proficiency does
grow out of prolonged “secondary socialization,” such
as school and other cultural institutions, as experts
indicate, it’s not likely that Mr. Paige was a beneficiary
of such socialization-nor did his observed social
skills, as Anne-Marie and her family would attest,
seem to indicate that experience. If transgenic beings
like Mr. Paige or Stewart or the “interviewers” are
gradually eased into our society after periodic practice
sessions with humans, they might well have not lived
in our world for the prolonged period it takes to
develop such skills as writing-not to mention the
finessing of a sexual proposition, something quite different from “Mr. Nelson’s” ham-handed attempt to get
intimate with Terry. In that incident, “Mr. Nelson’s”
social abilities rank him at about the twelve-year-old
male human stage.
Here’s another thought about why Mr. Paige, as the
partly human, partly alien-modified being, wouldn’t be
able to write coherently: If he was raised with beings
whose primary source of communication, as witness
reports indicate, was telepathic-in both long-distance
(remote) and up-close transactions-he would have
had little need to write. Scant practice, little feedback,
not even Christmas thank-you notes to send. Eons ago,
a civilization of telepaths would have dropped the
heavy reliance on the reams of paperwork that encumber our own lives.
Alien Ombudsman-Or Betrayer?
It is certainly possible, with all of the elements of Anne-Marie’s story
considered together, to understand Mr. Paige as the mentor and helper
that he seemed to be to Anne-Marie and her siblings. But we also can’t
forget Anne-Marie’s own strong sense that Mr. Paige’s repeated trips
with her to the cow pasture were somehow related to UFO experiences. If you recall, Anne-Marie clearly remembers riding on Mr.
Paige’s shoulders, feeling his Adam’s apple and his moist skin, and
repeating the names of the flowers after him as they went down the
path. But Budd’s attempt to regress Anne-Marie to one of those seemingly idyllic field trips ended right at the point where the man and
child came to the opening, the meadow encircled by trees with the
giant rock in the middle. She began to cry and wouldn’t say another
word. After the session ended, Budd had the clear sense that AnneMarie didn’t really want to know any more about what had happened
there.
Why? Would Anne-Marie betray Mr. Paige if she acknowledged,
even to herself, that the man she trusted was ultimately delivering her
to the occupants of a landed UFO waiting for them in the cow pasture?
Or was it Mr. Paige, the guide and mentor of this bright and sensitive
child, who was the real betrayer? I suspect that the truth was far more
complex and subtle than these either-ors. It’s simply easier for us to
identify with the child’s feelings than with Mr. Paige’s. And as for the
partly human, partly alien-concocted being, if that’s what he was, we
can only speculate about the obligatory but possibly agonizing limbo in
which he now found himself.
Torturing Myra
What did happen to Anne-Marie in the pasture? There’s no sign
that sexual abuse occurred with Mr. Paige-although it can’t be
completely ruled out. But we can discover something about the
child’s emotional state from the incidents that an eight-year-old
Anne-Marie herself initiated at about the same time as the Mr.
Paige visits to the pasture, which Budd detailed earlier. The incident
Anne-Marie still sees as deeply shameful, unnatural to her own
character, was deliberately staged by her: running away from the
small friend unfamilar to the woods and pasture and watching as
the child grew increasingly afraid and wept, frantic to be taken
home.
In recent years a body of research has been presented about the
“acting out” behavior that invariably accompanies a child’s or adolescent’s post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). The acting out, which
might consist of antisocial or cruel acts, violence, self-harm, and hostile behavior, are considered to be PTSD symptoms of a traumatic
event that the child can’t process. According to Dr. M. J. Horowitz in a
1986 study, the person “is likely to continue to re-enact the original
trauma until it is therapeutically worked through . . . The act may
serve to medicate the emotional pain of the original trauma. . . .”6
Anne-Marie’s torturing of Myra suggests that she was reenacting a
distinct traumatic event that had happened to her in that isolated
yet lovely place. And it doesn’t suggest sexual abuse, but something
closer to abandonment in the face of fear.
The Shadow Side of the Story
Anytime we’re given a life story of a loving person who lives a rich and
varied life-one full of deep attachments to family members and
friends, a life filled with accomplishments, all obstacles overcome-we
would be right to suspect that that life sounds too good to be completely
real. Even in biographies that are relatively sunny (a rarity, unfortunately), you can count on finding a deep pool of shadows that have gathered
protectively around some alcove in that person’s life. Perhaps, for some,
the profound loss or sadness in that one area can be encapsulated, withheld from spreading any further. Those individuals are the lucky ones,
the ones given the gift of acceptance rather than bitterness.
The partial chronicling of Anne-Marie’s life, in which we selected
the aspects that we believe relate to the UFO abduction phenomenon,
has mainly been a sunny account of a “lucky little abductee.” Now
comes the hard part: the shadow of loss in Anne-Marie’s life that
appears to be directly related to the repeated UFO abductions throughout her youth.
Anne-Marie is a warmly maternal woman-a quality that’s sensed
by both men and women, not to mention all of the children in her life.
She spent years as a preschool teacher, nurturing other people’s children and developing strong attachments to her sisters’ and brother’s
children. Several years ago, when a younger sister, mother to two small
boys whom Anne-Marie adored, moved out of state with her family,
Anne-Marie was shaken to her roots. She mourned the loss of those
boys as if they’d been her own. It was as if what she once told Budd, in
tears, had actually come true.
In her twenties, Anne-Marie had been married for several years.
During that marriage, Anne-Marie once told Budd, she’d considered
having children of her own, but something held her back. Then, breaking down, Anne-Marie told Budd that she was afraid to have a baby.
Gently, seeing her profound grief, he probed a bit deeper: Was it the
responsibility? The concern over “not doing it right”? What was the
basis of her fear?
Anne-Marie took a moment to compose herself. Then the pent-up
anxiety spilled out in very specific terms: “I’m afraid to have a baby
because I know it will be taken away from me,” she said.
As it turns out, there is some possibility that her worst fears had
actually happened, over and over again.
What the Surgeon Found
From her first menstrual cycle on, Anne-Marie experienced an extraordinary flow, closer to hemorrhaging than to normal menses. When she
was in her late thirties, her gynecological problems became severe. An
ultrasound indicated large fibroids in her uterus. Fibroids are generally
benign and involve smooth muscle tumors of the uterus. They’re also
often associated with endometriosis-abnormal tissue growth and
unusual bleeding.7 With her biological clock ticking away, no acceptable
partner in sight, and her hesitation about having any children at all,
Anne-Marie decided on a complete hysterectomy. The operation would
be the end of a dream-but also the end of a nightmare. She was able to
accept both sides of the equation.
Her mother Nicolle waited outside the surgical unit while the operation was performed. After some time had passed, the surgeon
emerged, looking for the patient’s mother. Nicolle said he seemed
stunned, unable to explain what he’d found. What he said was: “What
on earth happened to your daughter? It’s a mess in there. I’ve never
seen ovaries and tubes with so much scar tissue.”
The surgeon also confirmed what he had already suspected: the
presence of large fibroids on Anne-Marie’s uterine walls. But there’s
nothing paranormal about fibroids: They’re quite common in women
of both childbearing age and older. Fibroids could also be responsible
for extraordinary bleeding. But Anne-Marie’s medical records further
state: “The right ovary was scarred down to the posterior broad ligament with fairly thick adhesions.”8 The records also refer to “multiple
scarring” of tissues adjoining the uterus, and considerable “adhesive
tissue.” As we know from our own surface cuts and wounds, the body’s
natural reaction is to cover a raw area with scar tissue, also called adhesions. The surgeon likely attributed such severe scarring to past pelvic
infections of which Anne-Marie may have been unaware. However, if
we put Anne-Marie’s lifetime history of abduction experiences together
with what we do know is an unusual aspect of her gynecological his-
tory-the ovarian and fallopian tubal scarring-it suggests that we
might look to current science for further possibilities.
As we’ll see in more detail later, women in in vitro fertility clinics
often undergo laparoscopy in order to retrieve their eggs. In this procedure, a long hollow needle is inserted through the woman’s
abdomen until it reaches the ova, the nearly ripe eggs in one of her
ovaries. The instrument penetrates the ovary and sucks up the eggs,
which can then be fertilized later in a laboratory setting. Similarly, if
abductees are called upon to be involuntary egg donors over and over,
as they seem to be, it’s reasonable to assume that over a certain
amount of time these procedures would result in scarring and/or
adhesions on the surface of the ovaries. Referring to surgery on a
blocked fallopian tube, Dr. Russell A. Foulk at the Nevada Center for
Reproductive Medicine, confirms that post-operative adhesions-
either scarring or an inappropriate fusing together of tissues-occur
after even microsurgery or laparoscopy.9
Let’s further speculate as to what might be happening to an
abductees’ fallopian tubes. As the long muscular canals leading from
the ovaries down into the uterus, the fallopian tubes receive the
woman’s ripe eggs from the ovaries. Hopefully, at just the same time,
sperm have entered the woman’s vagina and are starting a valiant swim
up through the uterus and into the fallopian tubes from the opposite
direction. It’s a movie moment: An especially dashing sperm meets up
with a lovely egg inside one of the fallopian tubes and the deed is
done-fertilization and the beginning of new life. In a normal pregnancy, the fertilized ovum continues its passage into the uterine cavity,
where it implants itself in the uterine wall and begins to develop into
an embryo. But in cases of ectopic (or tubal) pregnancy, the fertilized
ovum remains inside the fallopian tube and begins dividing and growing into a preembryo. Since this is a dangerous situation for the
mother, surgical intervention is called for: a process called salpingotomy, in which the tube is incised, or cut, with pinpoint scissors or a
laser. Then “the ectopic gestation is gently expressed through the incision” and the tiny ball of preembryonic cells is sucked out by an aspirator.10 It’s at this point that trauma to the tube may happen: When the
aspirator is introduced into the incision on the tube, the tissue sometimes tears.
Back to Anne-Marie and the alien agenda: In the fallopian tube,
immediately after the egg is fertilized and before it has implanted itself
in the uterus-even before the mother knows she’s pregnant-might
be an ideal moment for ET’s intervention: to abduct the woman (whose
hormonal cycle is easily monitored) and suck the newly fertilized ovum
from the fallopian tube. The abductee might be left with some internal
scarring, and the aliens would have the makings of a malleable, preembryonic cell mass, ready for genetic manipulation. A nearly invisible
theft.
There’s one other case that bears mentioning in this context-that
of “Phyllis,” a middle-aged woman in New Hampshire, who gave birth
to only one daughter, now in her late twenties. In the mid-1980’s, Budd
had worked with Phyllis over a three-year period, gradually uncovering
at least two decades of repeated abductions. Troubled by conscious recollections common to experiencers, under hypnotic regression Phyllis
would also recall certain vaginal procedures, but their purpose
remained vague to her. She didn’t know whether something was being
inserted or removed. Budd was unable to get her to take a more specific
look at the procedures she was undergoing. And so much of Phyllis’s
abduction experiences remained in Budd’s “gray basket,” where all
interesting but unclear phenomena end up.
But recently, when gynecological problems similar to Anne-Marie’s
caused Phyllis to also undergo a complete hysterectomy-in a different
state, in a different hospital, with a different medical team-her surgeon’s reaction to what he found was nearly as blunt and uncomprehending as in Anne-Marie’s case. Without quite using the phrase “It’s
a mess in there,” he was startled enough to show Phyllis the pictures of
her uterine lining. As she told us: “The walls of my uterus were scarified up one side and down the other-and in folds of the lining where
you’d never expect to see scarring. The doctor said, and he wasn’t joking, ‘It looks like you’ve had forty or fifty pregnancies.’ ”
Dr. Richard M. Neal Jr., who has explored the elusive issue of the
“missing embryo/fetus syndrome,” states that he has not been able to
find medical evidence to confirm that any pregnancies are taken during abductions. However, Dr. Neal goes on to say that if a real pregnancy were removed from a woman’s uterus, it would leave obvious
marks, since such a procedure would require “intervention/invasion.”11
Any Conclusions?
At this point we certainly can’t draw any definite conclusions about who
or what Mr. Paige was. There are the anecdotal and tangential clues that
he might well have belonged to a subpopulation of “normals”-an emotionally and ethically more humanized “model,” if you will. But for a
new breed in a new world and a new atmosphere, perhaps yearly departures from human society would be necessary. Perhaps it would be the
fragility of this subgroups’ genetic makeup, or perhaps the intensely
stressful internal conflicts of acting as drones for the aliens, delivering
up their human contacts. But whatever the reason, a more advanced
“normal” like Mr. Paige might have to return on a yearly basis to the
environment of his birth for purposes of maintenance, debriefing, or
downloading what he’s learned from his stay on Earth-a debriefing for
the benefit of whoever is directing this play, this universal drama in
which human beings seem to play a largely unwitting and passive role.
If Mr. Paige was one of the best bioengineered human-aliens that
had been developed, it would be logical to clone him. By now there may
be thousands of Mr. Paiges strategically planted around the world as
human helpers, acting as mentors for young abductees. Bonding with
their wards, the odd “normals” could be put in charge of acclimating
human youths to repeated abductions and genetic tinkering. In the
process, both the child and the transgene would build a trusting and
mutually caring relationship.
If so, we’re in a more ambiguous position than most people will be
comfortable sustaining for long. In Anne-Marie and Mr. Paige’s case,
their fifteen-year friendship led to a strong emotional attachment that
she feels is largely benevolent. That’s in spite of the fact that she
refused to go forward with hypnosis and find out what actually happened in that meadow. All things considered, though, it might make a
great deal of sense to not risk losing the benefits of those close emotional ties with someone for whom Anne-Marie was “the special one.”
Contemporary sociology and psychology are replete with examples of
the benefits to young professional women of having a male mentor-
an older male, more experienced in the field-who can help the
younger woman hold her self-esteem intact and navigate the larger
world from which he comes. In Anne-Marie’s case, we’d have to say
she was protégée to a benefactor of quite extraordinary capabilities and
insights. What young woman would willingly give those up by having
to disclose, even to herself, the ambiguous and shadowy side of that
cherished relationship?
What Mr. Paige came away with is another issue completely. It’s
impossible not to feel empathy for a creature, like Frankenstein’s monster, who might have been made for someone else’s purpose, yet developed with many of the seemingly independent, idiosyncratic sensibilities and ties and loyalties that we humans like to think are exclusive to
us. If Mr. Paige was created to value those things, as humans do, while
still maintaining an allegiance to alien beings, then where is his own
home, his own world, his people, his mate? Where is his own integrity
of choice?

===========================================================================
25. DAMOE AND THE UNMARKED HELICOPTERS

In early January 1986, while working on my book Intruders, I
received a remarkable letter from a Wisconsin man whom I shall call
“Will.” Will wrote that he had just watched me on a TV program discussing UFO abductions, and certain things I had said so closely paralleled several of his own experiences that he felt compelled to write to
me. Because of the highly detailed and dramatic content of his letter, I
telephoned him at his home, a small farm in a sparsely populated rural
part of the state, and began an investigation.
Will recalled pieces of many different UFO encounters, some of
which included periods of missing time as well as conscious recollections of alien beings, landed spacecraft, and physical examinations
inside these craft. In some instances these memories had floated into
his conscious mind years after the event, but in others they had been
present from the moment of the experience. In answer to my request,
Will, an unskilled and reluctant typist, sat down before a small tape
recorder and spoke about his recollections at length.
A few months later, in the spring of 1986, I was able to travel to
Will’s modest white clapboard farmhouse, where I met his family and
conducted extensive interviews and several hypnotic sessions. The
investigation ultimately revealed one of the most powerful, compelling,
and, in its own way, tragic abduction cases I had yet confronted.
Significantly, Will’s account includes several meetings with a
strange man of normal appearance who later seemed to mediate
between Will and the UFO occupants. It is also important that this
young man, whom Will called by the name Damoe, very closely resembled one of his own sons.
Damoe had first approached Will while he was toiling in one of his
fields, and they had had a normal, somewhat philosophical conversation. Will had no idea where this young man lived, but assumed he
must be staying at one of the neighboring farms. Damoe appeared on a
number of other occasions, and each time he joined the older man, he
seemed to “just wander up out of nowhere,” as Will put it, with no sign
of a car or any other means of transportation. Will was clearly drawn to
him and was fascinated both by his unusual intelligence and the striking resemblance to his own son.
Also, as Will explained, there was the odd business of his wristwatch. Shortly after he met Damoe, he discovered that his watch was
missing-something that seemed highly unusual, since he only took it
off his wrist when he slept and bathed. A week or so later, as he was
working alone in one of his fields, Damoe suddenly appeared again
and handed him his watch, which he claimed to have found in a nearby
field. The instrument seemed to be clean and in perfect working order,
and though Will was puzzled by the circumstances of its disappearance
and reappearance, he was grateful to Damoe for having found it.
This matter of the watch may not be connected in any way with
Will’s ongoing abduction experiences, but it is part of a curious pattern
that I have noticed with several abductees. In these cases, personal,
cherished objects-a wedding ring, a favorite bracelet, a particular article of clothing-seem to vanish and then reappear under highly
unusual circumstances. For example, while washing her hands one
night, “Kathie,” the central figure in Intruders, placed her wedding ring
on the rim of the washstand, but when she reached for it to put it back
on her finger, it had vanished. Knowing that the ring was too wide to
have slipped down the drain, she began searching for it on her hands
and knees, but it seemed to have disappeared. Several days later, while
vacuuming an upstairs bedroom, she noticed a small bulge under the
thin, tacked-down carpet. Since the bulge, which felt ringlike in shape,
was close to one of the bedroom walls, she was able to pull up the tacks
and, miraculously, found her ring. There was no sign of the carpet’s
having been tampered with, so the problem of the ring’s reappearance
remains a mystery. Other abductees have reported similarly “impossible” lost-and-found stories, and though nothing can be established
with any degree of assurance, the pattern is intriguing enough to
deserve mention.
In the long tape recording that Will sent me, he included an experience that had always bothered him because it not only involved a
period of missing time but seemed to have a profound-ultimately critical-effect on his wife, “Melissa.” In a slow, careful, unmistakably sad
voice, he related his story:
I have a date in my mind for an incident that took place-1974-but
I don’t think that’s right. I don’t think it was in 1974; it was more
like 1968 or 1969. I could be more accurate if I checked some
records, but I don’t think it’s real important. So instead I’m maybe
going to just continue along and look at this 1968 or 1969 thing,
which I have never talked about before, and I’m very hesitant to talk
about right now. And I don’t believe I would, except for that which
happened to my wife, which is very real. That’s recorded, so we’ll go
back to I believe the month of August of 1968 or 1969. And as we
talk I may say 1974, because that date’s strongly in my mind, but I
don’t believe it’s correct.
At this time we were milking a herd of cattle and our farming was
stretched out. We had property south of us six miles and we also had
some six or seven miles north of us. On this particular day we were
going to finish up some haying. And I took my wife and went to the
north hay field. The equipment was there; we just simply drove the
pickup over there. The day was dry and we had low humidity. There
had been some hay previously raked. Not a whole lot, perhaps two
hundred or two hundred and fifty pounds. So we proceed to bale this
small amount of hay and we made a stack. I would now rake and roll
some more hay which had been cut previously. As we finished baling
this hay, ah, I suggested to my wife to take a short break, and I would
rake the hay. At this time in her life she was a very cheerful person,
very commonsense, very down-to-earth. Very conservative-conservative family-wise, that is-and we had enough money. And so when
I said, “Take a break,” she took the canvas with her and slid it across
some hay bales that was laying on the ground.
Now, baling hay is very dusty, it’s very dirty; you get filled with
chaff, and it’s very uncomfortable. You get very itchy and sweaty.
And we were in a very remote area, the closest house was, oh, perhaps more than a mile away. And so she removed her work clothes,
leaving nothing on except for her panties, and she stretched out on
the canvas.
I now continued on to rake the hay, which was in sort of a second
meadow. Between the point where she was and I was was a long
stretch of woods laying in a piece of lowland. As I was raking I
heard a sound, and glanc[ed] toward the area where Melissa was,
and she really wasn’t that far away from me-I would think a maximum of a thousand feet-but there was a small stretch of woods
between us. I glanced in that direction and I noticed a helicopter.
We have a National Guard base, “Fort Longley,” which is between
“Mason Creek” and “Morgan,” and so I had seen helicopters before.
It’s not unusual. This helicopter I glanced at several times because I
did not see the normal markings. Then two more helicopters
appeared. They gathered together and they hovered over the exact
area where Melissa, my wife, was. They then settled down to the
field, probably 350 feet [from] where she lay. I saw again that the two
other helicopters had no markings on them, but when they settled
in the field I got a little upset. I thought of these very young GIs
being away from home, and I know full well my wife was laying
there with nothing but her panties on. And with a little feeling of
hostility I stepped from the tractor, pulled the pin out of the rig, and
left. I was going to the area where my wife was at.
Between my wife and myself was an area of mud that was always
difficult crossing. I don’t remember crossing the mud. I remember
walking up to my wife. I don’t remember crossing the mud. I do not
remember the helicopters leaving. I guess at this point I want to
stress one thing: They was helicopters. They was not saucer-shaped
in any form. They was helicopters. As I walked up to my wife, there
was nobody present, nobody was around except her, and she laid
asleep where I had left her. The helicopters was gone. I don’t know
what happened to them. As I walked up to her I said, “Are you
okay?” and she looked up and says, “Yeah, everything is just fine.”
She had a strange look in her eye. I said, “Is everything okay?” She
says, “Yeah.” She says, “Who was here?” And I says, “I don’t think
anybody was here, because when the helicopters showed up, I came
over and it couldn’t have taken more than three minutes to get
here.” And she says, “What helicopters?” She said, “There was no
helicopters.” She remembered no helicopters. And I thought, That’s
weird: Nobody could sleep with three helicopters hovering over your head.
As I sat down on the hay beside her, I couldn’t help but notice a
small amount of blood right on her navel. And I asked what happened, and she goes, “I don’t know.” She says, “probably a needle
from a thistle.” And that is very logical, since thistles will make you
bleed. I remember taking my finger in my mouth and a little bit of
saliva and dabbing it on the small amount of blood and then wiping
it off with my palm.
It must have been early in the day when we went over there and
baled, and in my mind it should not have been more than about one
P.M., but yet, after this happening, I went back and hooked up the
rake and something was strange there. I don’t remember what it
was, but there was something strange. I knew I’d made one round
and I felt, Well, it’s time to go home and do the milking. This was probably about five or six P.M. So it sounds so insane, but right in here is
a period of time I should be able to account for, and yet I cannot.
I wouldn’t even talk about this, but as I stated, what happened to
my wife makes me talk about this. I was somewhat confused by her
lack of memory. She didn’t remember the helicopters. She had a
feeling somebody was there. The incident was just dropped: We
never discussed it, we’ve never talked about it. Within the past year I
tried to ask her on several occasions about it, and she has no memory whatsoever in regards to this incident.
In about I think it was 1978, my wife began to have nightmares.
She would scream, “Take it out, take it out!” and I would wake up
and say, “What’s wrong?” and she would say, “They have that thing
in my belly button and it hurts, it hurts.” These nightmares continued. They got worse. She became very moody. She related that
somebody had sex with her and she didn’t know where. She began
to have nightmares and she’d viciously tear at her forehead just
above the bridge of her nose. She would say, “It hurts, it hurts, take
it out.” This was complete insanity. It made no sense.
The situation got worse. At times she would make gouges, cutting herself above her nose. I had no choice but to seek medical help
for her. When I mentioned medical help, she became very violent. It
took two ambulance people and a nurse who gave her a shot which
virtually knocked her out before they could handle her. When they
talked to her about this, she said that it wasn’t that she was afraid of
the ambulance people but that she didn’t dare to go outside, because
if she went outside “they” would see her: “They would come and
take me away.” She continuously used the word “they”; “they”
would do her harm; “they” would take her away. I don’t know why,
but she developed a great fear of the color yellow. I had a yellow car
and it scared her to death. One of my sons bought a yellow car and
she didn’t want nothing to do with that car. I had some yellow sheets
and she refused to use them.
She spent a small amount of time at the hospital, and then she
came back under heavy medication. She was here only a short time,
then pretty much the same thing happened. She refused to leave the
house because “they” would see her. She was on the nose thing a
bit; she was on about the navel thing and about some kind of sexual
encounter. She began to hear voices. She was very concise [sic] about
the voices: She could relate everything that was said to her, and, very
honestly, most of it didn’t make too much sense.
However, I guess at this time I deliberately spoke to her about a
person I knew, and in my mind I deliberately thought of him
doing things he simply was not doing. And she related to me that
this person was doing things exactly the way I was picturing in my
mind. This sounds bizarre, but really and truly, for the few minutes she talked, she was reading my mind. I do not understand
this.
She was hospitalized on two occasions-when I think about it,
three occasions. The people at the hospital related the same things
that she had related at home. She had great fear of somebody coming after her, that she was a prisoner, that somebody had violated
her. “They” had placed a large needle in her navel. “They” had put
something up her nose. “They” had given her a complete examination. And that stuff is on record. If it were not for that record existing, I don’t think I would have mentioned any of this.
Will’s account was long, filling both sides of a sixty-minute audiotape. This helicopter incident was only one of a number of encounters
he described, as well as being the one with the fewest conscious memories that would tie it to the UFO phenomenon. However, there were
so many parallels to missing-time cases that I had looked into over the
past decade-nasal probes, painful navel insertions, and invasive genital procedures-that I felt almost certain that further investigation
would reveal a full-fledged UFO abduction. And because of Melissa’s
serious emotional problems that Will associated with that incident, it
seemed to me that finding out what had really happened that day might
be helpful to everyone concerned: husband, wife, family, and the appropriate mental health professionals.
Will’s spoken account had been immensely touching to me. His
slow, sadly resigned tone of voice and the innocent simplicity of his
phrasing made the actual events even more powerfully affecting. I
resolved to visit him, to meet his wife, to explore their experiences, and
to see what I could do to help ameliorate their debilitating problems.
Will and I exchanged letters and phone calls, but it was not until May
that I was able to travel to his Wisconsin homestead.
Around the family dinner table in the small frame farmhouse, I
talked to Will, three of his grown children, and Melissa. Will himself
was a quiet, serious man with a rounded, careworn, melancholy face.
He appeared to be in his early sixties but was probably ten or fifteen
years younger. His hair was thinning, and both his stoop-shouldered
posture and his slow-moving body betrayed the fact that he was in ill
health. Bib overalls were obviously his standard dress, though his wife,
Melissa, made an attempt to brighten her appearance, an effort made
more poignant by her depressed, almost vacant expression. She spoke
very little and seemed alone in her own world, leading me to suspect
she was still under heavy medication.
Will, I soon realized, was highly intelligent though poorly educated.
He informed me that he had only had the benefit of a seventh-grade
education. Nevertheless his interests were surprisingly broad, and he
seemed to have a special aptitude for physics and mathematics. Of his
personal honesty and credibility, and that of his family, there could be
no doubt: He wanted nothing from me except whatever help I could
provide in exploring his years of nagging memories.
I spent three days with Will’s family and carried out numerous
interviews, extended philosophical conversations, as well as three hypnotic sessions. It was during the third session, on May 24, that we
approached the 1968 (1974?) experience in the hay field. After the
induction I set the scene, describing the hot, dry summer day, the tractor, the baling and stacking, and Melissa relaxing on a piece of canvas
on the bales of straw:
BH: What’s the first odd thing that you notice?
Will: I see three craft.
BH: What do they look like?
Will: They’re not helicopters. Why did I say helicopters?
BH: Let’s not worry about that. Just tell me what they look like.
Will: They’re like two soup bowls together and a ring around
them . . . like Saturn. I thought they was helicopters!
They’re . . . they’re slowly moving to the ground. They’re below the
trees. I can’t see ’em. They’re right by Melissa. I pull the pin on the
rake. I open the tractor wide open and put the gear high. I come to a
mud hole: I hit it so fast I almost tip over. I come out of the mud
hole and down between me and Melissa is a grove of trees.
BH: Are you still on the tractor?
Will: Yeah. And there’s a person I know: Damoe. He calls me over,
and he waves to me. I don’t want to stop. I know there’s somebody
by Melissa. But he holds his hands up and I stop. I don’t want to
stop. I get off the tractor. He says, “Don’t be concerned, Will.
Everything is all right.” And I say, “No it isn’t.” And he says,
“Everything’s all right.” He insists that I talk with him, but I turn
and I start running. I’m out of breath. And he’s running alongside
of me and he keeps saying, “Everything’s all right.”
I turn the corner by the trees and my heart stops. I don’t know
what happened. One craft is sitting in the middle of the field. It’s sitting on the side of a big rock. And I look for Melissa. She’s laying on
the hay wagon. There’s people around her. I’m scared. I’m
screamin’. Damoe’s talking to me and I tell him, “Go to hell!”
I’m gasping for air. I’m running. There’s about six people. What
are they doing? I’m running. When I get to the hay wagon I bump
into one of them and he goes flying. Without stopping I jumped the
wagon. Frantically, I looked around. I want a club or stick. And
there’s a log chain laying across the back of the wagon. What was
they doing? Melissa’s completely nude. I grabbed the chain and I’m
standing over her. I’m swinging it over my head. I can hear it. I’m
swearing at ’em; I’m screamin’; I’m full of rage. What did they do?
They hurt her. She won’t answer me. I call her and she won’t talk
to me. I know these people. I’ve seen ’em before. Damoe has backed
off. I thought he was my friend. I’m cryin’. [His voice breaks] I’m
screamin’. I’m going to tear their heads off. [In a whisper:] I’ll kill
’em. They just back away and look at me. I tell ’em, “Come on!
Come on!” My hand’s getting sore from the chain.
Damoe speaks. He’s moving his lips! He says. “Will, put your
weapon away. You may hurt yourself or your mate.”
I’m cussin’ at him. I’m swearin’. I say, “Get near me, you bastard,
I’ll show you who I’m going to hurt.”
There’s a sound from beneath the wagon. I’ve heard that sound
before. It’s a monotone. Damoe speaks some more. He says, “We
did not want you to do this. We merely wanted you to witness what
has taken place. We did not want you to be angry.” And then
another voice speaks but I don’t see anyone talking. And they say,
“Put your weapon down and come off of that wagon.” And I have to
do it. I stopped swinging the chain and I come off the wagon.
Damoe says, “Sit down. Just relax.”
I’m holding on to the chain. He says, “You don’t have to put up
your weapon. Just don’t use it.” I pull the chain up and I’m holding
it and he comes over and helps me lay it across my shoulder. He
says, “Sit down. No one is going to hurt you and they’re not going to
hurt your mate.”
I’m very mad. I’m very angry. I was so helpless. What can I do?
They’re by Melissa. They’re doing some of the same things to her
they’ve done to me. They’re looking at her hair. I didn’t know
women had hair on their breasts. They’re pulling hairs off the nipples of her breasts! How can that be? They’re scraping her with
something like a square instrument, like a squared knife. They’re
looking at her fingernails and toes. And then they tell her they’re
going to turn her over. And they lay her on her stomach. There
seems to be someone who knows what they’re doing, like a doctor.
They’re very careful in looking at her spine. They move her legs.
They look at the bottom of her feet. They point to something on her
neck. I don’t know, what are they pointing at?
They’ve got some of the stuff [equipment?] I’ve seen before.
Then they turn her over again. She seems to do everything they ask
her to do. She’s laying on her back. They’ve got a long needle. I’m
cussin’ at ’em. I’ve seen that needle before. I’ve seen ’em use it on
another woman. They place it in Melissa’s navel. She’s hollerin’ and
screamin.’ I can’t help her. [Crying] I can’t help her. I’m mad at
Damoe. He lied. He said no one would be hurt.
What are they going to do now? Damoe said, “It’s just instruments. They just want to check her. She won’t be harmed.”
Melissa’s cryin’. Oh, if I could just help her! They’re spreading her
legs They seem to be taking . . . like . . . wiping her with something. Melissa’s cryin’ and she says, “Don’t . . . don’t. Take it out.
Take it out.” What are they doin’ to her?
[Crying:] They’re putting Melissa’s panties back on and she’s crying, saying, “Dumb shits! Assholes!” Then they come over to me
now and they look at Damoe. I says, “Get your creepy fuckin’ hands
out of here, you bastards!” And Damoe says, “We will leave it the
way it is.”
Somebody takes Melissa by the hand. It must be very strong.
They . . . he lifts her up as if she didn’t weigh anything. Someone
picks up the canvas and lays her back on the bales of hay. And then
he lays Melissa down. And then Damoe talks. He says, “We wanted
you to see this. We wanted you to know what happens. But,” he
says, “you become angry.”
They’re leaving. Damoe says, “Your wife will waken. But don’t
talk to her until we’re gone. It’ll be best that way.”
They’re walking away as if nothing has happened. The craft lifts
gently in the air and very slowly moves across the treetops. I want to
go to Melissa but I can’t move. I gotta go back to the tractor. I don’t
want to go back to the tractor. I got to. I go back to the tractor and I
climb up top and there’s that sound again. Where the hell’s that
sound coming from? I let the clutch out of the tractor and I drive as
fast as I can. I come up to Melissa and I jump off the tractor. I go out
there and I says, “Melissa?”
She opens her eyes. I says, “Is everything okay?” She says, “Yeah,
everything’s just fine.”
I says, “You’re sure you’re okay?”
She said, “Who was here?”
“There’s nobody here,” I said. “There was some helicopters but
they left and I just come to see if everything was okay.”
She says, “They come down to the ground, didn’t they?”
And I said, “No, no, they was just overhead. I thought they come
to the ground, but I think they just moved away.” I sat and talked
with her. She seems very calm. There’s some blood on her navel.
It’s dryin’ a little bit. I put a finger in my mouth and take some
saliva and I wash it and wipe it away with the palm of my hand. And
I says, “You cut yourself here somehow.”
“Yeah,” she says, “you know how it is, baling. It was probably a
thistle.”
I don’t want to bale hay anymore. Melissa quickly gets dressed and
we decide, let’s just go home for the day and be with the family. As
we’re drivin’ away in that old junk pickup, she looked at me and smiled
and she says, “I was dreamin’ about you.” And I says, “What were you
dreamin’?” And she says, “I dreamt you had sex with me three times.”
I laugh at her and say, “I’m good, but I’m not that good!”
We laugh a little bit and we drive home. I don’t feel like talking. I
don’t think she does, either. She seems a little down in the dumps.
And we come home and everything’s all right.
After this long, harrowing reliving of his ordeal, I wait awhile for
Will to rest and process the experience before I resume my questioning. I feel so sorry for this good, loving man that I almost decide to end
the session without any further questions. But I know that if I stop
here, later we will both regret it.
When I finally do resume, I speak very gently, hesitant to disturb
him in any way:
BH: Will, when is this happening?
Will: This is the twenty-second of July. It was 1974. We just bought
that old hay wagon.
BH: You said they put something in Melissa. They wiped her and put
something in her vagina? I don’t understand.
Will: I don’t, either. She kept sayin’, “Take it out. Take it out.” But
she said that when they put that needle in her navel too. But . . .
BH: Did it appear that something was actually in her, or did they just
wipe her?
Will: I couldn’t see. I could see they was wipin’ her but I couldn’t see
what else they was doin.’
BH: Was Damoe the man you had been friendly with?
Will: Yes.
BH: Is he big or small? What is he in size?
Will: He looks like my son. Blond hair. The same build.
BH: Is he the one who found your watch?
Will: Yes. But he had the watch before this.
BH: How about the other men around Melissa? What do they look
like?
Will: They’re very small. They’re very agile. They’re . . . sort of
greasy-lookin’.
BH: Does it seem that like they’re holding equipment and stuff around
Melissa?
Will: Some of ’em. Not all of ’em. Maybe two of them.
BH: And how close were you to her while this was going on?
Will: When I first got there, I jumped up on the wagon. Then they
made me leave. I was about fifty foot away.
BH: So you couldn’t make out a lot of it?
Will: No.
I continued, pursuing a different set of earlier recollections Will had
told me about, concerning an incident from his youth. The details of
this abduction, though intriguing and important, need not concern us
here. Damoe, the object of our immediate interest, was apparently not
involved in any way in this earlier event.
After we had explored that second experience, I gave Will a series of
positive posthypnotic suggestions and then slowly counted him out of
the hypnotic trance state. When the long, emotional session finally
ended, he opened his eyes, wiped away a few tears, and glanced
around. “Where’s Melissa?” he asked, anxious to see that his wife was
safe. “Melissa’s not here,” I answered gently, “but she’s all right. You
just lie there for a while. We’re going to try to pick up the pieces. This is
going to be a new start for the two of you.”
The session had been almost as rich in information and insight
into alien methods and tactics as it was in powerful, resonant emotion.
For example, in Will’s initial taped letter to me, describing the National
Guard helicopters, he had been emphatic: “. . . I want to stress one
thing: They was helicopters. They was not not saucer-shaped in any
form. They was helicopters.” Under hypnosis he seemed amazed that
he had ever thought the three hovering UFOs could have been helicopters, since he had so strongly pressed the point that they were not.
One might speculate that the aliens imposed this screen memory
image more forcefully than other images, since it led Will at the outset
to define his experience as being of conventional origin rather than
alien. One may also wonder how many of the later “black helicopter”
references and so-called military abduction reports that some
abductees have made might also, under hypnosis, be transformed in
the same way.
Of equal interest is the fact that Will seemed able to act freely at
some points in his narrative, frightening Damoe and the small,
“greasy-looking” aliens with his whirling chain, and yet at other
moments he was forced to obey by what appears to be telepathic control. “Put your weapon down and come off of that wagon,” a voice tells
him. And Will says that, despite his extreme rage, “. . . I have to do it. I
stopped swinging the chain and I come off the wagon.” The mysterious
sound that Will said came from beneath the wagon, a sound he had
heard before, precedes the periods when he no longer has control of
his own actions, and thus may be a significant factor in the aliens’
mind-control process.
In an analogous way, Melissa is almost unconscious most of the
time, silent and doing exactly as she is told. But at two points, when
instruments are inserted in her nose and in her vagina, she is conscious and cursing: “Take it out,” she cries. “Take it out! . . . Dumb
shits! Assholes!”
So how does alien mind and behavior control operate? Do these
examples of its intermittent efficiency show that it is a flawed and inexact alien science, or perhaps that it is a fully operative technology that
can be switched on and off during an abduction, as necessity dictates?
Or were the inconsistent results in the case of Will and his wife at least
partially due to their own reactions, to their fierce human will and
degree of anger? Any answer at this point is speculative, though these
particular examples of seemingly erratic efficiency are far from rare
within the case reports.
Will’s account also offers a rare insight into what one may call “alien
stagecraft,” their systematic and effective restoration of the abduction
scene to the way it appeared to the participants at the very beginning.
Will’s conscious memories of the incident included seeing the
descending “helicopters” and driving frantically on his tractor toward
his resting wife, who was stretched out, nearly nude, on a sheet of canvas thrown over some bales of hay. And yet, under hypnosis he remem-
bered jumping off his tractor and running up to Melissa, now surrounded by alien beings and lying on the canvas, which is atop the hay
wagon, not the bales of hay. At the incident’s conclusion, Will, still
under hypnosis, described the aliens lifting Melissa from the wagon,
moving the canvas sheet back to the hay bales, and then placing her
upon it so that everything looked to him exactly as it had at the beginning of the encounter. And in the end Will himself was made to leave
the wagon and his wife and was sent back to his tractor, so that when
his conscious memories resumed, he and his wife were precisely
where they had been at the outset.
Considering the aliens’ careful, detailed restoration of “the set”-the
abduction site as it was at the outset-together with the vivid images of
American military personnel and army helicopters-which, it would
seem, they deliberately implanted in Will’s memory-one can see the
Machiavellian cleverness and efficiency of the aliens’ covert operations.
It should not be surprising, therefore, that a number of UFO abductees
have been left with confusing images of traumatic “military” abductions and a resulting distrust of their fellow human beings. Often in
these imposed scenarios the aliens are either entirely nonexistent or
appear as kindly, benevolent presences, in contrast to the “evil” military
personnel. That Will declined to blame his fellow human beings-
those “young GIs . . . away from home”-for his wife’s later severe
emotional problems is a tribute both to his innate common sense and
the fact that he recalled having had similar UFO abduction experiences.
Another interesting aspect of Will’s fruitful recollections involves
Damoe’s use of language-in particular his frequent use of generic
terms. Thus, he orders Will to “put down your weapon,” not “your
chain.” Melissa is referred to as Will’s “mate,” not his wife. Few married people characteristically refer to their husbands or wives as their
mates, but in the context of the aliens’ interest in human reproduction
and genetic experimentation, mate is a useful term. In the mid-1980’s,
before I had published Intruders, I dealt with a young single woman in
New York City who reported similar phrasing. During an abduction
she was told by an alien-who she was supposed to believe was her
mother-that she should “find a mate and begin to breed.” These are
hardly the words a mother would use to urge a daughter to find a
boyfriend or to begin thinking seriously about marriage, but for the
aliens these phrases may be handy generic shorthand for the human
reproductive process.
For our purposes here, the most significant aspect of this ultimately
tragic experience of Will and Melissa is the presence of Damoe himself.
He is a physically normal-looking male who resembles Will’s son, is
able to exert mind control over both Will and his wife, and ultimately
seems to belong more to the alien world than to our own. Unlike any
rational human being, Damoe seemed surprised by Will’s rage, saying,
“We merely wanted you to witness what has taken place. We did not
want you to be angry.” Apparently he assumed that if Will saw what the
aliens were doing to his wife, he would understand and take it all in
stride-hardly the judgment of someone who understood human love
and protectiveness.
But despite possessing obvious paranormal abilities and lacking
basic psychological insight into human relationships, Damoe seems
able to move through normal society unnoticed, as if he were as fully
human a being as any of the rest of us. Taken together, I find this nonhuman mix of disturbing psychic powers, unexceptional appearance,
and deeply flawed emotional understanding to be as ominous as anything I have learned so far about the UFO phenomenon.
A final, more personal observation: When I joined Will, Melissa,
and several of their sons at the family dinner table the night I arrived at
their farm, I vividly recall my feelings of intense sadness. Melissa, Will
told me earlier, had once been vivacious, humorous, and happy. But
now, sitting silently at the dinner table, her hands resting limply in her
lap, she behaved as if her intellectual, spiritual, and emotional energies
had been drained away, almost to the point of nonexistence. There is
no way of knowing if her blank, unresponsive, melancholy demeanor
was partially due to medication or even, conceivably, the result of electroshock treatment administered during her hospital stays. But I am
certain of one thing: However drastic the medical treatment she
received, one of its central causes was the severe trauma of that afternoon a decade or so earlier. The physical and psychological suffering
she endured at the hands of Damoe and his alien cohorts virtually
destroyed her life.
Cases like this-and this is only an extreme version of hundreds of
other similar cases I have explored-leave me with barely concealed
fury at those who would paint the aliens as benign saviors here to help
us by spreading higher truth and demonstrating “unconditional love.”
The only unconditional love I saw in this tragic affair was Will’s enduring and luminous love for his profoundly damaged wife.

====================================================================
26. HUMAN RESOURCES: OURS OR THEIRS?

In Budd’s telling of Will and Melissa’s story and in the flat midwestern cadence of Will’s voice on audiotape, I soon sensed that this
case-and its tragic outcome-was, on the surface, nearly the polar
opposite of Anne-Marie’s UFO abduction experiences. It would turn
out to reveal one of the darkest sides of the phenomenon, in terms of
its lasting effect on an entire family. Twelve years later it is still moving
to hear Will speak about the drawn-out, tortured, breaking apart of a
marital bond.
Is There a Scientific Explanation for
Melissa’s Experience in the Field?
Beginning with the now famous Betty and Barney Hill abduction in
September 1961, women have reported that the UFO occupants punctured their abdomen with long needles, entering near or through the
navel. Years before the commonly used procedure of amniocentesis,
Betty Hill was told by the alien beings that they were testing her (nonexistent) pregnancy. In her own highly distraught state, Melissa referred
repeatedly to a needle entering her navel and how much it hurt.
Moments after the actual incident in the hay field, though, Will says she
seemed to have no conscious recall of the event, even though they both
357
noticed the spot of blood near her navel. It must have been a thistle, she
said, and Will dabbed it away with a little spittle on his fingertip.
Over a decade later Will, in hypnotic regression, narrated his memory of that day step by step, from the landing of three discs (not the
helicopters he consciously recalled) to seeing Melissa nude, surrounded by “greasy-looking” people who were clearly involved with
reproductive procedures of some sort-wiping her vaginal area and
inserting a long needle directly into her abdomen. Although Will did
see both of these procedures, he had been virtually immobilized some
distance away when Melissa cried out about what was evidently a third
part of the procedure: Something was being inserted into her vagina.
It’s a given that often in memory retrieval, there’s likely to be some
element of distortion, filling in, or blotting out of certain details. But a
huge needle piercing a woman’s abdomen is an extremely vivid and
specific image, one that’s not a standard part of all abductions.
However, enough researchers have documented these incidents that it
qualifies as another abduction pattern. Unfortunately, the scenario
does seem to come straight out of a movie genre that could be called
Let’s Go Mutilate a Bunch of Women. Do doctors really do such invasive things to pregnant women or in the course of a gynecological
exam?
Laparoscopy
The answer is yes, but mainly in the process of in vitro fertilization. A
multitude of fertility clinics have sprung up around the world since the
birth of the first “test-tube baby,” Louise Brown, on July 25, 1978, at a
hospital in England. Most private fertility clinics do a brisk and largely
unregulated business with infertile couples willing to undergo various
and repeated medical interventions to achieve a pregnancy. In the earlier years of this work, a process called laparoscopy was the mainstay for
ovum recovery. It involved the use of a long hollow needle inserted near
the woman’s navel and pushed down to a certain depth that would allow
the instrument to retrieve her ova, or nearly ripe eggs, from the follicles
in the ovary. The needle actually aspirates or sucks up the eggs, which
are whisked off to a laboratory setting and checked for viability. Six to
eight hours after that, the eggs are inseminated in a test tube with the
male’s sperm. If an eight-celled blastomere, or “pre-embryo,” develops
normally for about forty-eight hours, one or more will be implanted
back in the mother’s uterus or in a surrogate’s womb.1 Eventually there
will be an additional option, now being researched in Japan: an artificial
womb.
So it’s not hard to see how the “huge needle in the navel” aspect of
Will’s account seems quite relevant to the UFO occupants’ evident
reproductive manipulation of human beings. Since the laparoscopy
also helps the user (alien or human) to check the overall condition of
the woman’s reproductive system, the “greasy-looking guys” with the
needle were either determining Melissa’s viability as a potential egg
donor or actually retrieving her ova for their own purposes. In any case,
they didn’t ask her permission or explain their purpose.
As to Melissa’s vaginal procedure, we can only speculate what might
have been happening on the basis of our own developing technologies.
28
Medical illustration of a laparoscopy performed
for ovum retrieval. (Drawing by Charles Foltz)
Artificial Wombs
Some of us humans may find the new developments in science
that we’ve discussed so far shocking or distasteful. Interspecies
mingling through the technology of transgenics, the cloning of
genetic replicas of ourselves, the bioengineering of our food, and
the use of embryonic stem cells to create spare body parts are technologies that may be considered disturbing on several levels.
However, abductees’ eyewitness testimony indicates that the ETs
seem to have mastered these technologies long ago.
Then along comes another hard-to-process human innovation-
partly shocking in the way it radically changes our concept of
human life, and equally startling in the way it confuses and blurs
the lines between “their” advanced technologies and “ours.” Four
prominent abduction researchers-Budd Hopkins, David M. Jacobs,
John Mack, and Ray Fowler-have written about multiple cases in
which people recall specialized rooms in alien craft lined with row
upon row of small, clear, fluid-filled tanks holding developing
fetuses. These reports were often derided by scientists and other
investigators.
Perhaps it’s the usual case of life imitating . . , well, life-but
Japanese researchers have just created the first operational and
viable artificial womb. Working in a small research laboratory in
Tokyo, Yosinori Kuwabara and colleagues have developed the prototype of a womb that has managed to keep goat fetuses alive and
growing for three weeks. Their umbilical cords were connected to
machines that acted as placentas, feeding in nutrients, oxygen,
blood and siphoning out the waste products. Here is philosopher–medical writer Jeremy Rifkin’s description of the unit: “A clear
plastic tank the size of a bread basket, filled with amniotic fluid stabilized at body temperature.”3
Anyone with a passing familiarity with UFO abduction literature
will spot the similarities between our developing technology and
“theirs” in two shakes of a goat’s tail-that is, as soon as one of them
makes it out of the baby box alive. The goal, of course, is to make artificial wombs viable and popular for human use.
29
The aliens may well have been using a more refined version of follicular aspiration, which, you’ll be glad to hear, does away with the horse
needle through the belly. Ultrasonic rectal probes (more later on their
use in men) are now used to locate a woman’s egg-bearing follicles so
they can be aspirated through the vagina with a mere syringe. Vaginal
ultrasound is also used in in vitro procedures to measure the size and
number of follicles, to determine whether they’re ready to be harvested.
In fact, according to the Alta Bates In Vitro Fertilization Program,
women generally receive five or six vaginal ultrasounds for each pregnancy attempt.2 It’s doubtful that ETs would need or bother to work at
what probably seems to them a very crude level. Most likely, their monitoring of the intended mother is so precise in transmitting hormonal
and chemical levels that they could move in at the right time and simply extract the ripe eggs. It would be hard to imagine that ETs, like our
fertility experts, would patiently check and recheck every twelve hours a
woman who was near ovulation. That’s a lot of abductions.
An additional possibility is that, unaware of it, Melissa was actually
pregnant at the time with a genetically modified embryo implanted in
her several weeks earlier by these same individuals. If that was the
Tiny fetus floating in a nursery tank, as drawn by female abductee B.C.
in 1991. Compare this sketch to the 1997 Japanese development of
an artificial womb:“A clear plastic tank the size of a bread basket,
filled with amniotic fluid. . . .” (From Budd Hopkins’s archive)
case, they might first have used the needle to check the embryo’s viability, then proceeded through the vagina to detach the weeks-old embryo
from the wall of her uterus and extract it.
Enter Unwilling Male Subjects, Stage Left
If, as we suggested in an earlier chapter, the UFO occupants are deliberately creating a transgenic species that blends our humanness with
some recessive (for the time being) traits of their own-or if they are
simply manipulating the human genome toward a direct goal-where
does the human male fit into the picture?
Just as with the “hybrid” baby phenomenon, in which researchers
stubbornly continued to report what the abductees said they experienced
years before the science was in place to justify or validate what they were
saying, the same holds true for certain alarming and painful medical
problems that have been experienced by some male abductees over the
years. From two cases originating in the 1970’s, Budd collected some very
odd data without having any distinct medical condition as an explanation.
In completely unrelated cases, one in Arizona and one in Tel Aviv, two
boys who were between fifteen and seventeen years old at the time of their
abductions had each begun to pass blood in their urine. This happened
the day after each boy, respectively, had missing-time events and each had
scattered memories of a trauma. When the passing of blood continued for
several days, the boys’ parents sought medical advice and testing, but no
explanation was ever found. In the case of “Moshe,” an Israeli man now
in his late thirties, his own father was a physician who quickly became
alarmed and took his son to a urologist in Tel Aviv. Hospitalized for several days of extensive testing, including a cystoscopy, Moshe never
received any diagnosis or reason for the bleeding.
Now we have a few scientific clues as to what may have caused such
bleeding in male abductees. In in vitro clinics, sperm is usually collected
by masturbation or vibratory stimulation of the penis. But if neither of
these methods work, electroejaculation stimulation (EES) is recommended. It’s performed in a medical setting in order to closely monitor
the patient for changes in blood pressure and pulse. The procedure
involves an anal probe that reaches as far as the prostate; a low level elec-
trical current is then applied. Although sperm might be collected as a
normal antegrade (exterior) ejaculate after such a technique, there’s
often the unfortunate consequence that EES produces a retrograde
(internal) ejaculate back into the bladder. The procedure then becomes
even more invasive. Using other instrumentation, the bladder is washed
out afterward so that the sperm present in the retrograde ejaculation can
be retrieved. At the Center for Male Reproductive Medicine in Las
Vegas, where men with spinal injuries and differing degrees of paralysis are often treated for infertility, EES is frequently employed.4
For male abductees just taken aboard a UFO, under stress and/or
with parts of their nervous system shut down to make them malleable,
electro-ejaculation stimulation would seem to be an effective tool for the
aliens to acquire sperm as well. In our own medical practice, if the invasive procedure of retrieving sperm from the bladder is also involved, a
man can be expected to pass some blood in the urine for several days,
until any small lesions heal.
Over the years, Budd has had many other cases of male abductees who
report, with discomfort and embarrassment, that some sort of anal probe
had been used on them. Currently there’s not enough specific information to do more than speculate about the purpose of these more benign
probes, which left no known aftereffects. Perhaps these men’s sperm was
collected in a normal external ejaculate-either with EES or without it.
Primates as Test Animals: Both Human and Nonhuman?
There are some striking parallels between alien handling of
abductees and our own scientists’ treatment of nonhuman primates used in research. In May 1997, the European Convention for
the Protection of Vertebrate Animals Used for Experimantal and
Other Scientific Purposes (EUPREN) met to consider the best ways
to house and handle nonhuman primates-great apes and monkeys. Because of their close relationship to humans, these animals
are considered excellent models for researching man’s central nervous system and other crucial areas of biomedical research. Human
vaccines and medications have also been developed by employing
primates as test animals.5 In other words, our scientists are using
them to find out about us It’s conceivable that ETs are utilizing
humans for a similar purpose.
Take a look at some of the following concerns addressed by scientists at the EUPREN convention. They may seem eerily familar to
anyone knowledgeble about UFO abduction reports:
• It is best to study the “behavioral repertoire” of the
species in their natural habitat. That way, researchers
will gather the most reliable data about normal
behavior, such as breeding activities, social needs,
pair bonding, etc. Captivity causes stress, which
skews the data.
• A reuse policy states that animals should be treated with
care so that they can be used over and over in experimental procedures-possibly for a lifetime. This is costeffective, saving on the number of animals bred and
kept for research.
• Animals should be trained to cooperate with experimental procedures-leading to less stress and more accurate
physiological, biochemical, and behavioral measurements.
• Regarding implants in research primates: “The use of
preinvasive implantable radiotelemetry has revolutionized the collection of physiological data under stressfree conditions”6 These devices are used for remote
monitoring of the animals in which they are implanted.
• In many studies-including pharmacological and
behavioral studies-scientists need to follow the progression of a disease or the effect of a new drug over
months to years. Thus the same individuals must studied
over time.
It’s also possible that the anal
probes are part of a routine
health checkup for the abductee,
who has usually been part of the
aliens’ “program” for many
years, if not since birth. Notice
that Will definitely recognized
the beings in his hay field, having
seen them on earlier occasions;
he was also familiar with the needle going into Melissa’s navel
because he’d seen them do it
to other women, presumedly
aboard an alien craft. Regular
physicals for abductees would
make sense, in the same way that
our own research scientists do
routine checkups to ensure that
In a vein similar to that of the EUPREN his or her experimental animal
protocols, the United States Department subjects are in good health. After
of Agriculture captions the photograph all, in both the alien and human
of these three piglets:“Piglets are one of cases, there has been a significant
the main subjects of ARS animal behavior- investment made over time in
ists. These scientists study behavior of
pigs and cows ’round the clock with the that living subject. Kept alive and
goal of improving animal handling prac- healthy, the animal or human
tices to reduce stress on animals and subject pays off with the divilower production costs.” (Photo courtesy dends of ongoing collection of
of the Agricultural Research Service, medical data or results from longU.S. Department of Agriculture) term experiments, including offspring. Aliens often tell people
they’re “just checking.” As Damoe assured Will, “It’s just instruments.
They just want to check her. She won’t be harmed.” Abductees have
heard that line so many times, and it’s rarely true. Often there is pain
and discomfort; there is nearly always mental anguish; and, in a few
cases there is permanent physical damage. But perhaps, in “the higher
interest” of science, neither the alien nor the human researcher considers that this constitutes harm to the subject.
Monkey Number 14609
At the Oregon Health and Science University’s Primate Research
Center, nearly every day monkeys and other nonhuman primates are
strapped down by human technicians and have electric shocks
applied to their penises to obtain sperm for reproduction experiments. In 1999 this painful procedure was caught on hidden video, as
“Jaws,” monkey number 14609, a twenty-one-year-old rhesus
macaque, underwent electroejaculation, the same procedure that
extraterrestrial researchers apparently use on human abductees.
Jaws is a veteran of this procedure, and former primate technicians
say his penis has been shocked hundreds of times. An animal rights
group, along with Dr. Jane Goodall, is working to eliminate such
abuse of primates in research centers around the world.7 The irony of
many concerned citizens and scientists working on behalf of our animal friends can hardly be lost on the abductees, who are virtually on
their own.
What you’d expect alien researchers-or miners of our resources-
to be interested in are all the ways that human males could be used in
transgenic modification of either our species or that of the ETs-or
both. As you look over the possibilities below, keep in mind that
Damoe fascinated Will by his close resemblance to Will and Melissa’s
own son, as well as by his intelligence. How is it conceivable that the
ETs could develop Damoe as a “normal” who resembled Will’s son, yet
who clearly acted as an intermediary for the aliens and their reproductive missions? Here are just a few possibilities:
• Will might have been an unknowing donor of a nucleus from an
adult cell by undergoing a simple procedure that scoops off skin
or other external tissue. That adult cell of Will’s could be used to
clone a genetically identical copy of Will. Or, if Will’s son had
also been an abductee, Damoe might have been an actual clone
of that son. Although genetically nearly identical, each boy’s
appearance and self-expression would be somewhat different,
according to what we assume would be a great disparity in their
upbringing and socialization-one in Wisconsin, one in outer
space.
Theoretically, before developing any cloned embryo from a
cell, it would be modified in some way consistent with alien
goals. This could be done by inserting a certain set of genes-
say, alien immune-antigen-producing genes-into the human
DNA. The resulting offspring would seem to be human in every
sense except for the markers that are only seen by the human’s
immune system. But it’s a good first step for gradually introducing more and more alien genetic material into the human male
without his body’s rejecting the foreign genes.8
Currently we can’t do such sophisticated cloning, says Henry
T. Greely, codirector of the Stanford University Program in
Genomics, Ethics, and Society.9 He’s considered a leading expert
on the ethics and law surrounding issues of cloning, genetic
manipulation, and genetic farming. But Greely cites many cases
in which researchers are working toward previously unimagined
types of cloning achievements. Inserting human genes into pigs,
for example, is a hotly competitive field right now, with different
biotechnology firms hoping to eventually be able to transplant a
pig’s organs into the original human cell donor. The body’s
immune system would recognize its own genes in the pig and
wouldn’t reject the transplanted organ.
• Will might have also have been an involuntary sperm donor in
the aliens’ program. A recent procedure that was developed in
fertility clinics offers us one possible way that his sperm might
have been used. Called intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI),
the technology is able to isolate an individual sperm-the best
and brightest, no doubt-by means of microinjection pipettes.
Using techniques called micromanipulation, doctors can inject
a single sperm directly into the egg’s cytoplasm.10 If aliens have
found a way to reliably cross species’ boundaries, Will’s sperm
could be used as an in vitro fertilizer for extraterrestrial eggs-
if they do have such sex cells-or even for cross-breeding with
another species.
Using Will’s sperm in this way is essentially “directed evolu-
tion,” where the purpose is to make genetic variants that are
completely new organisms. Greely cautions, however, that genes
work together in ways that are unforeseen. Since genes may have
multiple functions, how well they perform in their transplanted
organism (a gorilla or an alien or a squid) also depends greatly
on the genetic environment around them. Greely adds that,
given our current (human) knowledge:
It would be really risky to take a gene from one species and
move it into another. There’s a very good chance it wouldn’t work
as you expected. . . . Double that risk if you’re talking about genes
that have never been seen before and don’t come from any existing
organism, and that we’ve made up by scrambling up the genes.
Then we really have no idea how it’s going to play out.11
• If Will had already become a transgenic individual, courtesy of
the alien visitors, he would be to the aliens what transgenic mice
or chimpanzees are to us: powerful tools for solving human gene
puzzles. In other words, he’d be a walking, talking alien experiment, just as Melissa seems to have been. By “turning on” or
“turning off” certain genes in Will, the ETs would be able to better understand the complexity and diversity of gene expression in
humans. Perhaps also in themselves.
• There’s another way in which Will or any abductee’s bodily tissues might be used by the aliens for cloning. Since it involves a
human donor cell being incubated in a cow egg, the complexity
of the issue will be explored in the following section.
Cow Egg Cells as Ideal Incubators for Cloning:
Another Look at Cattle Mutilations
In a recent twist in mammalian cloning research, we may have discovered an intriguing connection between the alien breeding program and the as-yet-unsolvable grisly mystery of cattle mutilations.
Although these animal mutilations have a long and complex history,
I’ll briefly review the phenomenon for those unfamiliar with it. For
nearly a century, though most prominently in the decades between
1960 and 1990, ranchers and farmers have reported sporadic cattle
deaths that seemed straight out of the Twilight Zone. There was nothing conventional about the deaths of these livestock. The animals
were found in remote locations with certain body parts-an anus, an
eye, an udder, a cheek-cored out cleanly or excised by an instrument
producing extremely high heat. The cell walls were literally cauterized. There was no blood, no tooth marks, no tracks of any kind leading into or out from the kill. Predators would not touch the dead cow.
Ranchers and law enforcement remain either baffled or attribute the
deaths to natural causes, predators, or, on some occasions, to occult
groups practicing some sacrificial rite. No proof on any side has been
persuasive.
But according to Dr. John Altshuler, a Denver physician and pathologist who has done extensive field and microbiological investigation of
the cases: “These animals are often found within hours of having been
seen alive at a time of unusual observed aerial phenomena.” Along
with the abnormal pathology of the animals’ tissues, the absence of
the expected marks of predators or hunters, and witness reports of
both daylight and nighttime sightings of unusual craft nearby,
Altshuler believes that extraterrestrial forces must be considered a possible suspect.12
Over the years, many reports, some substantiated, some not, insistently connected the animal deaths to UFO sightings. Several people
claimed to have seen a bawling cow hauled up a beam of light into a
hovering craft. Linda Moulton Howe’s television documentary Strange
Harvest, brought even more attention to the subject when it aired as a
Fox Special in 1993. Since then Howe has followed a trail that she and
others believe is strewn with convincing evidence linking the slain livestock (or “mutes”) to UFOs and their occupants.13
The main problem with the theory is why. Ufologists haven’t offered
many solid motivations as to why aliens would kill cattle and selectively
harvest animal body parts. The theories have ranged from a Christian
orientation that “mutes” are a sign that the Earth “is under a curse” to
Howe’s own explanation that bovine tissue is similar in genetic
makeup to humans’ and offers the aliens a way to sample pollutants
and other harmful substances from the environment that accumulate
in living tissue.14
Here is another suggestion: It relates to new discoveries in cloning
that use cow eggs to produce clones of embryos from completely different species. Those findings could shine another light on alien motives
for animal mutilations. In January 1998, Dr. Neal First from the
University of Wisconsin, Madison, published the startling results of
cloning experiments in which cow eggs (oocytes) shot to the top of the
list of preferable experimental cloning material. According to a 1998
paper by Dr. Lawrence Roberge, “cow oocytes are cheap, plentiful, and
relatively easy to handle.”15 That becomes a significant issue when you
look at the conclusions of the University of Wisconsin research.
The major findings of the study show that even after an oocyte is
stripped of its own bovine nucleus and DNA, the cow egg still retains a
small amount of genetic material in the cytoplasm (a thin inner structure) of the egg-and that cytoplasm carries a powerful punch. When
the nucleus of other adult mammalian cells (from monkeys, rats, pigs,
and sheep) are inserted into the emptied cow oocyte, its cytoplasm literally reprograms the “alien” nucleus back into its infancy. That ability to
turn back the clock on a adult cell-to regress it-is so significant that
Roberge and others suggest that “cow oocytes might provide a cheap
source of oocytes to accelerate human cloning experiments.” [emphasis
added]16
Let’s take a closer look at how the scientists used cow oocytes to
reach such a conclusion. First, the scientists stripped the bovine eggs
of their own nuclei (the DNA at the cells’ centers), which is one of the
standard cloning procedures. Next, skin cells from five different
species of animals, all adults, were scooped from the surface of their
ears. (Remember the abductees’ “scoop marks”?) These would become
the sources of donor nuclei, or DNA that’s specific to a species-and,
of course, specific to an individual, containing the full set of necessary
chromosomes. It was the same technique used by Scotland’s Roslin
Institute to create the famous sheep Dolly. (Her genes, though-in the
interest of giving equal credit to different body parts-came from an
udder cell of an adult sheep.) Fused into the outer shell of the cow egg,
the adult ear cells of the monkey, rat, pig, sheep, and cattle took their
cue from “Mama” cow. The cow egg was actually able to reset the other
animals’ genes back into an earlier embryonic state-before they differentiated into ear cells. In the final stage, when the cow egg with the
monkey nucleus, for example, is implanted in a surrogate mother or
artificial womb, theoretically we’d expect the birth of that monkey’s cloned
self several months later.
Before Dolly, many scientists didn’t believe it was possible that
adult, fully specialized cells (skin, heart, lung, etc.) could be reset to
produce embryonic clones of those very same animals.
The cow oocytes turned out to be more than gracious hostesses to
a Noah’s ark–like parade of cells from other species. The enucleated
cow eggs actually functioned as a sort of cradle to hold and nurture
the DNA of these different animals. The University of Wisconsin
study showed that all of the species’ somatic cells seemed to feel right
at home in the tiny artifical “womb” of the cow cell. Each one of
the species began the cell cleavage process and cell division that
leads to the earliest stages of the embryo.17 After being transferred into
surrogate mothers, the biogeneticists claim, no pregnancies from
these experiments were allowed to be carried to term-possibly for
fear of pushing the wrong public and political buttons too early in the
game. What the study did establish, though, was that the cow egg
cytoplasm seemed just as accepting of a nucleus from a three-yearold male rat cell as it was toward the nucleus of a ten-year-old female
monkey.
Cow oocytes, then, seem to be truly equal opportunity cradles. In fact
some scientists refer to them as possible universal recipients for many
other animal species-including humans. And if it does turn out that
we and even a single species of ET once came from a common source,
those cow eggs could be ideal cloning incubators for our alien visitors as
well. Incubators for them or us or some combination of the two.
Meanwhile, Back at the Ranch
If the perpetrators of the cattle mystery killed only cows, not bulls, or
excised only the ovaries and uterus, we’d have an interesting theory
going: that extraterrestrials had known, long before we did, that cow
eggs were the universal “wombs” for cloning species of all kinds and
that they were harvesting our cattle for that purpose. But, as usual in
ufology, the answer doesn’t come that neatly packaged. Certainly cow
reproductive organs are among the parts taken (making eggs available), but somatic, external cells of cattle are also taken-in rectal coring or excising of tongue and cheek cells.
Here are some informed guesses about what those cells might be
used for, according to the brand-new, constantly changing state of our
own knowledge in this field of cloning: (1) food or nutrients of some
kind that have nothing to do with cloning; (2) harvesting of many different organs and tissue samples purely for experimental purposes;
and (3) they’re actually manufacturing something from these raw materials.
To do that, the ETs would have to know something we don’t yet know:
how to decode the chemical signals that tell stem cells to differentiate
into specific tissues and when to do it.
We know that one chemical signal says to an embryonic cell: “Go,
become a liver cell,” while at the same time a different chemical is calling to other cells: “You, there, take your buddies with you, head for the
surface, and start making the epidermis.” Although research labs are
making significant headway on the problem, we aren’t certain which
signal does what-or what the built-in timing cues are, either. It
wouldn’t be good to have the baby’s hair turn white at six months, or
for a little girl to develop breasts at age two. But once the decoding is
done, scientists would then have the ability to create off-the-shelf living creatures built to anyone’s specifications.
The potential of our own current bioengineering technologies
makes Dr. Frankenstein’s rough assemblage of miscellaneous body
parts seem positively primitive. As a metaphor, though, its power is
alive and well. In the first decade of the twenty-first century, watch
what happens in the public, political, and religious psyches of the
world as the general public seriously begins to come to terms with bioengineering’s implications. We can expect to see the Frankenstein
monster get up off the table again and walk stiffly along the shores of
our fear.
The Use and Reuse of “Mute” Body Parts
Maybe there’s a method to the madness of cattle mutilations, if
aliens are indeed the ones cutting them up. Perhaps these beings
have the essential need to experiment, just as we do, before the
project turns out right. If the taking of cattle tissue relates to
cloning procedures or creating something out of bovine raw materials, let’s say, certain groups of alien visitors may be quite recent
explorers of Earth’s treasures. They may be in the process of building their own data bank about us-one that maps the complex
inner workings of every living organism on Earth. It doesn’t matter
how fast their supercomputing big brains are: Some things just
have to be tried.
For example, a newly cloned kitten named “Cc:” could offer a
possible reason for the excision of somatic (exterior) cow cells,
rather than just oocytes, or eggs. When scientists at Texas A&M
University began their work on animal cloning, they started with
the use of cheek cells from an adult cat.18 After inserting the cheek
cell nuclei into enucleated cat egg cells, eighty-two cloned embryos
were implanted into surrogate mother cats. But only one pregnancy
resulted, and that fetus died. Cheek cells-not a good idea.
In their next try, the Texas A&M team took nuclei from cumulus
cells clustered around the original cat’s ova. This time after only five
embryo implantations, a successful pregnancy occurred, and so Cc:
was born. She was a lively, normal-looking kitten, according to the
February 21, 2001, issue of the journal Nature. Somebody should tell
the ETs to “stop already” with the cattle cheek excisions.
The Essence of Womb Time
In continuing to look at the issues related to what seems to be an ET
program of genetic manipulation of human beings, the abductees’
reports of row upon row of stacked “incubators” seen aboard spacecraft
are worth some additional pondering. The clear liquid-filled cubicles
that house “hybrid” or transgenic fetuses bring up profound questions
about the psychosocial and character development of a human (or
reengineered human) fetus that gestates almost exclusively in an artificial womb. Is womb time really necessary, or are we (and the ETs) technologically advanced enough to handle all substantial concerns about
the future child’s well-being? What might go lacking in a fetus gestating
in a plastic box-even a sophisticated box that handles all the fetus’s
physiological needs of nutrients, oxygen, blood, and waste disposal?
That seems, after all, a rather a mechanical process. Nutrients in, waste
out, temperature regulation. Why not mechanize this part of our lives,
too, freeing up women’s human potential to do more complex and
interesting tasks? Actually, the answer to that question has a great deal
of bearing on what the aliens and the “normals” primarily seem to lack:
the depth of human emotion, including intuitive responses of love and
empathy with another being. Damoe, for instance, just didn’t get it:
Why was Will so upset at seeing what the UFO occupants actually did to
Melissa? Seeming to want Will’s help and cooperation in these medical
procedures on his wife, Damoe was genuinely puzzled at Will’s fury.
After all, Damoe seems to have been following our own scientist’s
EUPREN protocols: Encourage and train the primate to co-operate with
the procedures.
In Intruders, Kathie Davis relived under hypnosis the terrible
moment of realization that the aliens were actually extracting a living
fetus from her. On audiotape you can hear her sudden screaming and
sobbing: “It’s not fair! It’s mine! I hate you!” Later, after a great effort to
calm down, Kathie told Budd: “I screamed it at [him]-and the fucker
looked surprised.”
If we think back to the wooden, detached behavior of the “interviewers” and recall how often abductees frequently report, “They don’t care
about me; they’re just working,” Mr. Paige stands out head and shoulders above the others. He apparently had a full range of human emotions, the only “alien among us” that we know of who does. What we
seem to face is a growing number of day-to-day encounters-in our
jobs, our homes, our schools and parks-with this subpopulation of
normal-appearing humans with alien traits. If that’s what they are,
these artificially gestated transgenic beings have abilities that give
them a great deal of power over us. “They can hear what you’re thinking,” as one child told Budd. Their minds seem capable of controlling
our very actions, thoughts, and perceptions. They seem to appear on
our plane of reality “out of nowhere,” no transportation needed. And, at
the aliens’ bidding, they can deliver us up at any time, anyplace, like an
involuntary subject in a clinical trial.
So how do artificial wombs or gestation tanks have anything to do
with these often affectless, detached beings? There’s still a great deal
scientists don’t know about the development of a fetus’s emotional life,
its sense of safety or distrust about the outside world. But we do know,
in measurable chemical and physiological interactions, that between
the fetus floating in the dark womb and its mother is a subtle, delicately sensed choreographic bond. In the first few months the fetus
receives all of its “messages” through the mother’s placenta or through
even more subtle ways of communication that we can’t quite define.19
About halfway through the pregnancy, though, the process changes. As
its sense organs bud, the embryo actually begins to learn through sensory input from outside the womb. It feels motion and its mother’s
heartbeat, hears (or feels) Mozart and Louis Armstrong. Through placental interchange and primitive sense organs, it senses its mother’s
moods and emotions, as well as emotional stimuli in the larger environment around the mother. At this point, the embryo is, in some
senses, “teachable,” according to Thomas Verney in The Secret Life of
the Unborn Child.20 He suggests there is evidence that even in the
womb, the infant is learning about fear and nurturance and trust.
In the British newspaper The Guardian, Jeremy Rifkin writes of his
troubling concerns about the kind of child that would be produced from
a plastic chamber.21 What will fill in for the critical role of the mother’s
sensory input on the child’s development? He questions whether gestation in an artificial womb can possibly turn out children who are normal
in motor functions and emotional and cognitive development.
Depriving an embryo of all external and internal stimuli, withholding
from it the subtle interactions with the mother, he suggests, isn’t likely
to produce a mentally balanced child: “We know that young infants
deprived of human touch and bodily contact often are unable to develop
the full range of human emotions and sometimes die soon after birth or
become violent, sociopathic or withdrawn later in life” [emphasis added].22
It seems to many UFO abduction investigators that the latter
remark describes precisely what seems to be lacking in both the ETs
and in the transgenic beings we believe they are “coproducing” with
our involuntary help. The evidently cloned children with alien-human
appearance that Jen saw on the playground seemed passive, expressionless, and unused to the simplest of sensations-like the feel of
sand trickling through one’s fingers. It’s no wonder these transgenic
children seen aboard craft might be described as having the “failure to
thrive” syndrome. They seem thin, listless, and nonresponsive. Do the
aliens expect these children to take their places in our society as Mr.
Paige and Damoe evidently did? Or do these children represent an
interim stage in an overall alien plan to develop beings more like us in
many ways-with our vital genetic diversity and our emotions, which
actually have a survival purpose in our society. Or perhaps we flatter
ourselves with this speculation, and all the ETs are interested in is getting the technical part right. They seem to have gone a long way toward
producing serviceable facsimiles of humans who answer to them. The
models seem to be getting better and better.
The old debate still rages on over what is the most powerful influence to shape human beings (or any sentient being): Is it nature or nurture? But it’s possible that both our great human vulnerability and our
strength lies in our ongoing desire to attend to both equally. We earthlings value our science; we don’t mind tinkering with nature if it seems
to confer some genetic advantage on us, rather than the next guy; we’re
even drawn to some of the more radical new abilities of genetics to
make designer babies free of defects. But we know that nature won’t
paint the whole picture, either-that these small bundles of neurons,
muscles, blood, and bone, these offspring of ours, will also grow out of
the environment we create and the examples we set. We will need to
intentionally nurture our children into becoming loving, empathetic,
and ethical adults, responsible to the rest of society.
But what happens to a species like ours that might become infiltrated by a subpopulation of bioengineered people who never knew the
nurturance side of the equation? ETs may be on the way to creating an
increasingly perfect facsimile of a human being, but we don’t yet see
convincing evidence that they understand what lies behind the scenery
of a fully fleshed-out human existence-qualities such as emotional
openness, the courage to act independantly as a moral being, the desire
to nurture others as you were once nurtured-or to nurture another
person even if you were not. We don’t know if this new variant species of
mankind, intentionally created by “the Other,” is here to offer us earthlings fresh knowledge and profound insights from the farside of the
cosmos, or whether it intends to deliberately betray us into the service
of its own extraterrestrial creators.
In the meantime, it seems that all we can do is to continue to bear
witness and offer modest emotional support-through conversations,
letters, phone calls, and writing-to the thousands of people undergoing these experiences. We, as well as the abductees, look toward the day
that it dawns on the scientific, political, educational, and spiritual institutions of this small planet that their understanding and guidance are
terribly lacking in dealing with this strange experience that touches
every dimension of what it means to be human.

=========================================================================
27. A FEW FINAL WORDS

For the reader who has patiently labored through these “incredible accounts from credible people” (a much overused but still apt
phrase) and the related activities of contemporary science, it is time to
pause for a moment to put things into some kind of perspective. The
first goal we shared was to make a persuasive case that the “paranormal” alien technology described by thousands of witnesses has far
more in common with advanced earthly science than anyone may have
previously thought. We’ve tried to drain the stigma of magic from the
conventional perceptions of both scientists and the public toward alien
activities by showing how seemingly impossible aspects of the UFO
abduction reports-such as practical invisibility, levitation (or diamagnetism), mind control, the dropping of barriers between species, and
mass cloning-are already within the realm of human accomplishments.
In the last quarter century, scientists have moved into territories
previously thought to be either disreputable or literally impossible. In
the biological arena, the sequencing of the human genome, among
other innovations, has given scientists unprecedented control over the
very processes of life itself, in ways that include the mixing and matching of species’ genes. In the world of physics, the mainstream acceptance of quantum reality has left philosophers and physicists of all
stripes pondering how little is actually known about the makeup of the
universe. Starting from the basic level of the atoms in us all and 
moving out to the cosmic level, physicists acknowledge that as much as 90
percent of all matter that makes up the universe has never yet been
seen or defined.
It’s our contention in Sight Unseen that these achievements and
realizations alone should radically alter the attitude of mainstream science to the UFO phenomenon. The vast distance we have come in the
past quarter century can be illustrated in the context of an incident
Budd Hopkins observed in 1976. During a television program on the
subject of UFOs, Dr. Robert Jastrow, an eminent astrophysicist then
serving with NASA’s Goddard Space Laboratory, took the accepted
skeptical position while astronomer Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a seasoned
UFO investigator, presented case material supporting the physical reality of the phenomenon.1
Dr. Hynek discussed reports he had gathered during his twenty-year
stint as the Air Force’s scientific consultant on UFOs and subsequently
as director of the Center for UFO Studies, while most of Dr. Jastrow’s
presentation against the physical reality of UFOs was of a theoretical
nature: “You can’t get here from there; they wouldn’t be doing what
people claim they can do; the occupants wouldn’t look like that,” and so
on. After the program ended, Hopkins spoke to Dr. Jastrow and
remarked that the debate had been interesting in that it had essentially
pitted Hynek’s data against Jastrow’s theories. Dr. Jastrow had presented virtually no data bearing on any UFO report; such accounts, he
implied, had to be rejected out of hand because, in 1976, scientific theory had no place for them. The existence and behavior of UFOs as
described by witnesses was at that time theoretically, and thus to him
actually impossible.
Despite this opinion, long dominant among mainstream scientists,
undaunted UFO researchers have for decades gone on to investigate
UFO sightings, photographs, ground traces, and abduction cases,
weighing their credibility at each step of the way and searching for significant patterns. Year after year this “Damn the theories, full speed
ahead!” scientific openness and curiosity has led to many important
insights into alien methods and intentions. Significantly, the vast
majority of these insights have stood the tests of time. The beleaguered
skeptics, on the other hand, have seen their once-certain concept of
reality and its attendant theories-dikes to hold back the threatening
waters of “irrational” UFO acceptance-erode away in the face of new
discoveries in astronomy, cosmology, quantum physics, and molecular
biology. As we can see now, twenty-six years later, many of the theories
that Dr. Jastrow must have seen as both immutable laws and as powerful arguments against the reality of UFOs have had to be discarded or
radically altered.
As one example, it was a widely held belief by many astronomers
that planetary systems such as our own were probably quite rare in our
galaxy. But since the deployment of the Hubble telescope and the development of new, subtler systems of measurement, many other solar systems have been discovered. Although astronomers remain divided on
this issue, many now believe that planetary systems like our own are
probably quite common, vastly increasing the chance that life exists
elsewhere.
As a corollary to this expansion of belief in the likelihood of extraterrestrial life, Carol Rainey discussed how the theory of wormholes
through space-time or as connectors between worlds has recently
become a legitimate area of study. Even time travel, traditionally relegated to science fiction, is seriously regarded by respected physicists
such as Kip Thorne, David Deutsch, and Stephen Hawking-though
each of the three holds a different view of it, varying from highly likely
to at least marginally possible. It is theories such as these, then, that
even allow for the possibility of UFO occupants arriving here from our
own future.
Collectively, these relatively new concepts, although not definitively
proven, have enormous implications for our understanding the universe in completely unprecedented ways. All along, it seems, previously derided “fringe science” has been slowly making its way into the
mainstream. In many of the most exotic precincts of physics and biology, the heavy wooden doors that skeptics labeled “Impossible!” have
now been flung open, never again to be securely nailed shut. UFO
research is inadvertently gaining credibility as more prominent scientists begin to espouse ideas analogous to the once heretical concept
that “stones actually do fall from the sky.”
As we have detailed in these pages, it is in some of science’s more
material achievements-as well as in the heady rush of strong, new
theoretical models of the universe-that we find the greatest hope for
the future of UFO research. In the strange world of quantum reality,
where paradoxes abound amid dark matter and “funny energy,” and
where things happen that aren’t supposed to happen, we see the best
hope of linking up the investigation of UFOs and their occupants with
the concerns of mainstream science. Between our concerns and theirs
lies a common resonance, a certain layering of the quasimaterial and
the quasiethereal, a hint of some deeper and stranger world than any of
us could ever have imagined, existing back there somewhere “behind
the scenery.” With some cooperation and openness on the parts of both
scientists and UFO researchers, it is possible that a joint investigation
into the UFO phenomenon could reveal an astonishing fact: that there
aren’t two opposed sides here, us and them; there is only a very large,
presently incomprehensible mystery that no single “side” or team or
individual could possibly understand all alone. But each of us is capable of understanding some part of the mystery, and together we just
might begin to make some sense of the greatest scientific and cultural
mystery mankind has yet had to face.
To make this point clear in Sight Unseen, we chose, within the mass
of complex UFO abduction reports, to concentrate upon two patterns
that have previously received almost no serious, systematic attention:
the technology of temporary invisibility and, in greater depth, the presence on our planet of what seem to be partly alien “human” beings. In
1987, a decade and a half before the completion of this present book,
Hopkins published Intruders, in which he recounted many abductees’
reports of apparent sperm and ovum sampling, artificial insemination,
and the presentation of part-human, part-alien “hybrid” infants and
small children. Intruders was criticized on theoretical grounds by a
number of scientists who insisted that “hybrids” such as the abductees
described could not be produced, that they would not result from merging male and female reproductive cells of two different species, that
cloning was a virtual pipe dream, and so on. In other words, it was
“You can’t get here from there” all over again. Conventional theory was
invoked to trump unconventional data.
But as we’ve explored in Sight Unseen, with astonishing advances
being made almost daily in genetic research, cloning, and transgenics,
the barriers between species are beginning to fall. Tomatoes that withstand cold weather contain genes from salmon, artificial wombs are
being developed by Japanese scientists, and the cloning of mammals in
large numbers is a technique that offers the additional promise of producing, in the body of the transgenic animal, drugs and/or organs for
human use. In other words, the human creation of an “alien” animal
containing human genes within the DNA of its own species.
Now, in the new millenium, the alien reproductive procedures that
abductees reported to investigators in the early 1980’s not only seem
plausible but, in hindsight, provided a foretaste of a well-developed
technology we have begun to understand and to employ ourselves in
test animals.
The late Carl Sagan, a brilliant man and, in Hopkins’s dealings with
him, a principled gentleman, was a committed if somewhat conflicted
skeptic about the reality of the UFO phenomenon. But had his untimely
death not occurred, he might have found it disturbingly ironic that in
the new millenium, instead of being a bulwark against the UFO phenomenon, advanced science has actually helped us to make an even
stronger case for UFO reality. A large caveat remains, nevertheless.
Though science has inadvertently become our ally, too many individual
scientists remain mired in past attitudes. Indifference to an objective
consideration of the mass of available UFO data is still the norm. It is
our profound hope that Sight Unseen will alert open-minded members
of the scientific community to the need to join in this crucially important investigation.
Our second goal in writing this book is to provide enough specific
information about the aliens’ behavior on our planet to enable readers
to form their own judgments about its intent and its future course. We
have presented nearly a score of UFO abduction cases and provided
many verbatim transcripts of the abductees’ interviews, letters, and hypnotic sessions. As most of our readers are probably aware, the actual
range of this firsthand testimony is far more consistent than the bewildering range of opinions theorists have issued about the meaning of it
all. On one end of the scale is what we might call the ultraparanoid interpretation: that the aliens are demons, beings who have come here to
capture and devour our children, to use human body parts as replacements, and to feast upon what General Buck Turgison in Dr. Strangelove
called our “vital bodily fluids.” There is not, in our opinion, a scintilla of
evidence supporting such a dire and melodramatic reading of the data.
On the other end of the spectrum is the idea-hope is perhaps a better word-that the aliens are here as quasi-godlike beings to help us
with our problems, to heal our damaged planet, and to offer what has
been called, with a straight face, “unconditional love.” No one who
reads the accounts we have been presenting can come to such a rosy-
and simplistic-conclusion. The truth is, of course, that we do not
know the future. We do not know the aliens’ ultimate intentions, nor
do we really know what their options are.
As the reader may have discerned, Hopkins and Rainey have somewhat differing views about alien intent. We do not share the same balance between hope and pessimism. On the one hand, Rainey suggests:
“What the ETs may be creating are not hybrids at all but transgenic
human beings. It is both biologically possible and would best fit the
profile of a secretive, invasive force that might be intent on conquering us from within-or equally possible, healing or altering the
genes that no longer work for us in our present environment. The
change could happen one genetic code word at a time-or an entire
chromosome at a time. Either way, if the genes to be modified were
carefully and expertly selected over thousands of years, we might
never notice what was happening. The Hollywood-style massive
destruction and cultural devastation seen in the movie Independence
Day would never have to be played out. Biologists tell us that an
entire species can do most of its changing internally, with new
species traits only gradually manifesting themselves in outward
appearance and behavior. If this is indeed occurring, will these alterations be good for the humans-or bad for the humans?
This is a difficult issue to take in both emotionally and intellectually: The subtle but inexorable alteration of the human species. But
it may very well be that a culture several million years in advance of
our own has already mastered the technology of bioengineering.
The basic building blocks of life-proteins, amino acids, sugars,
etc.-appear to be the same throughout the universe. The question
is: How different are the issues and problems of altering the lifeforms on Earth from those of other planets-or even, perhaps, in
other dimensions? On Earth, as most biologists will tell you, the
process is complex, intertwined with other systems, and not yet well
enough understood to be predictable and safe for human use. With
no federal or institutional support at all, and with only a handful of
mainstream scientists willing or able to risk ridicule and loss of
funding, people worldwide who are experiencing the UFO abduction phenomenon firsthand have little choice. They can only hope
and pray that these alien beings know what they’re doing.
On the other hand, Hopkins cautions, in such a transaction the odds
favor us losing and the aliens gaining. He states:
The twenty-seven years I have spent working with abductees, listening to their traumatic encounters, and trying to help them heal a
lifetime of psychic damage, have left me hardened to reassuring talk
of “beings of light” practicing benevolent “tough love.” I have seen
too much pain to allow myself more than a life-sustaining modicum
of hope. And yet, I may be wrong. Though abductions inevitably
leave the abductees scarred, emotionally and psychologically, there
is no sign that this kind of psychic damage was intended. In fact,
there are many indications that the UFO occupants try to minimize
the pain and emotional damage their activities naturally inflict.
Amoral is a useful word in this context, less brutal than other terms
I could use with equal justice.
And yet . . . the future is still the uncertain future, and the alien
mind is still mysteriously alien. We do not know their real attitude
toward our own humanity as it is now, with most of Earth’s population as yet untouched by forced genetic manipulation. We do not
know how the aliens view our inherent qualities of spirituality, physical diversity, romantic love, humor, and sexuality. Or our intensely
protective love for our children, our rich artistic expressiveness, and
our willingness to sacrifice our own selves for the greater good.
How many of these basic human qualities-attributes in which the
aliens seem so sadly deficient-do they truly envy and wish to
append to their own narrow natures? Might they be willing to complete their program of genetic manipulation, successfully merging
their ominous “paranormal” abilities with our frail but splendid
human characteristics, and then leave to populate another place, to
seed another developing race of intelligent beings?
What are their ultimate intentions? Are we merely a race of modern Aztecs hoping that the Spaniards will either get back in their
boats and sail away or turn out to be benevolent gods? Do we, like
the ancient Mexicans, need to turn a blind eye to the third possibility: that our alien visitors will instead turn out to be the ultimate
conquistadors? For myself, I carefully nurture the seed of a fragile
optimism. Admittedly it’s a tiny seed, threatened on every side by
inhospitable conditions, but I feed and water that tiny seed every
day, and quietly hope it grows.
How to Report a Suspected UFO Experience
If you feel you may have had the kinds of experiences dealt with in this
book, please write your recollections in detail to:
Budd Hopkins
c/o I.F.
Box 30233
N.Y., N.Y., 10011
E-mail: IFCENTRAL@aol.com
Our website is: www.IntrudersFoundation.org
As time permits an investigator will be in touch with you. All communications will be kept strictly confidential.

==========================================================================
NOTES

Introduction
1. Temple University history professor David Jacobs, in his book The
Threat (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998), presents a disturbing
hypothesis that the aliens are operating as infiltrators, using the genetic
engineering implicit in their covert abduction program to produce
“hybrid” beings who are physically more like humans but who retain alien
paranormal abilities. The evidence supporting Jacobs’s theory is compelling, though he has said again and again that he profoundly hopes that
he is wrong.
Dr. John Mack, a psychiatrist who teaches at the Harvard Medical
School, and author of Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens (New York:
Scribner, 1994) takes an opposing view. He has stated in various lectures
that the aliens’ interactions with humans may, in his words, represent a
benevolent “outreach program to the spiritually handicapped,” and though
he admits the traumatic nature of UFO abductions, he has found witnesses who describe their experiences as enlightening in a virtually religious sense. In my view, when abductions are viewed in terms of their
physical and emotional after-effects, the evidence clearly supports Jacobs’s
more ominous hypothesis rather than Mack’s more optimistic one.
2. The earliest such examples in my files date from the 1920’s.
3. Budd Hopkins, Missing Time (New York: Marek/Putnam, 1981),
Chapter 8.
4. The most tragic such case involves the late atmospheric physicist Dr.
James McDonald, who strongly defended the scientific relevance of the
UFO phenomenon but was bitterly attacked by some of his colleagues for
doing so. He was asked to testify before the Congressional Committee on
Appropriations in 1971 to discuss not UFOs but the potentially harmful
effects of supersonic transport aircraft (SSTs) on the atmosphere, a subject
on which he was an acknowledged expert. For two days of hearings the
congressmen who did not agree with him baited him with remarks about
his “believing there are little men flying around in the sky” and so forth.
Apparently this public humiliation was the final straw in a series of personal and professional crises: He committed suicide in June 1971.
5. New York Times, July 25, 2000, D3.
6. Ibid.
7. Salvatore Guido, “ ‘Your Wish Is My Command’: Human Communication with Magical and Mechanical Agencies in Norbert Weiner’s
Cybernetics,” in Being Human: The Technological Extensions of the Body,
edited by Jacques Houis, Paola Mieli and Mark Stafford (New York:
Agincourt/Marsilio, 1999), p. 392.

PART 1: UNSEEN
Chapter 1:
The Alien Abductors Hiding and Sometimes Showing Off
1. John Fuller, The Interrupted Journey (New York: Dial Press, 1966).
2. Budd Hopkins, Witnessed: The True Story of the Brooklyn Bridge
Abductions (New York: Pocket Books, 1996).
3. Travis Walton, Fire in the Sky (New York: Marlowe, 1996).
Chapter 3:
Uncovering Clues to the Science Of Invisibility
1. Major Donald Keyhoe (Ret.), The Flying Saucer Conspiracy (New York:
Henry Holt, 1955), pp. 221–224.
2. Leonard G. Cramp, UFOs and Anti-Gravity: Piece for a Jig-Saw
(Kempton, IL: Adventures Unlimited, 1966), pp. 143–144.
3. Steven J. Dick, Life on Other Worlds (Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge
University Press, 1998), pp. 266–270.
4. Gerald Feinberg, Solid Clues (New York; Macmillan, 1986), p. 95.
5. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/301/0
6. George Johnson, “Hardly Dead, Physics Lives Out a Permanent
Revolution,” New York Times, Science section, June 20, 2000, F1.
7. Ibid., F6
8. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/2001/208/1
9. David Deutsch, The Fabric of Reality (New York: Penguin, 1997), pp.
44–49.
10. Ibid., p. 51.
11. Ibid., p. 48.
12. Michael Talbot, The Holographic Universe (New York: HarperCollins,
1991), p. 163.
13. http://imagine.gsfc.nasa.gov (NASA website)
14. Ben Bova and Byron Preiss, in Michael Klein, ed., Are We Alone in
the Cosmos? (New York: Pocket Books, 1999), p. 165.
15. Based on information from NASA website:
http://imagine.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/print.pl
16. Jennifer Lee, “An Audio Spotlight Creates a Personal Wall of
Sound,” New York Times, May 15, 2001, F4.
17. www.discovery.com/area/technology/b2/stealthintro.html
18. Paul Hill, Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis
(Charlottesville, VA: Hampton Roads Publishing, 1995), pp. 316–17.
19. www.nasatech.com/briefs/AugOO/NPO20706.html
20. http://physicsweb.org/article/world/15/10/8

Chapter 5:
The Perpetual Photographer
1. Hill, Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis (Charlottesville, VA: Hampton Roads Publishing, 1995), p. 8.
2. Ibid., pp. 312-13.
3. Jacques and Janine Vallee, Challenge to Science: The UFO Enigma
(Chicago: Henry Regnery Company, 1966).
4. Coral and James Lorenzen, Flying Saucers: The Startling Evidence of the
Invasion from Outer Space (New York: New American Library, 1970).
5. Nature, Science Update, July 20, 2000.
6. Hill, op. cit., pp. 57–58.
7. http://www.kodak.com/cluster/global/en/service/tib/tib5201/shtml
8. Marc Davenport, Visitors from Time: The Secret of UFOs (Tigard, OR:
Wildflower Press, 1992).
9. http://www.voicesweb.org/voices/sn/radioneuro3y2k.html
10. Barbara Opall, “U.S. Explores Russian Mind-Control Technology,” in
Defense News, 11–17, January 1993, p.29.
11. Jim Keith, Mind Control, World Control (Kempton, IL: Adventures
Unlimited Press, 1998), p. 220.
12. Charles F. Emmons, At the Threshold: UFOs, Science and the New Age
(Mill Spring, NC: Wildflower Press, 1997), p. 147.
13. David Deutsch, The Fabric of Reality (New York: Penguin, 1997), pp.
108-10.
14. Budd Hopkins, Witnessed: The True Story of the Brooklyn Bridge UFO
Abductions (New York: Pocket Books, 1996), pp. 98–99.
15. www.wired.com/wired/archive/9.08/assist.html
16. Ibid.
17. www.explorezone.com/archives/99_08/26_ns_micro_bugs.htm
Chapter 6:
The Strange Case of the Reluctant Faucets
1. Katharina Wilson, The Alien Jigsaw (Portland, OR: Puzzle Publishing,
1993).
Chapter 7:
How to Explain Katharina?
1. Willis Harman, quoted in Michael Talbot, The Holographic Universe
(New York: HarperCollins, 1991), pp. 2–3.
2. Ibid.
3. James Ganz, “Scientists Bring Light to Full Stop, Hold It, Then Send
It on Its Way,” New York Times, January 18, 2001, p. A21
4. Ibid., p. A1
5. http://observe.ivv.nasa.gov/nasa/education
6. http://www.phys.virginia.edu/classes/252/black_body_radiation.html
7. Norbert Weiner, The Human Use of Human Beings: Cybernetics and
Society (London: Sphere, 1950), p. 35.
8. Talbot, op. cit., p. 187.
9. Kenneth Chang, “From One Quantum State to Another, It’s Shades
of ‘Star Trek,’ ” New York Times, September 1, 2001.
10. www.newscientist.com/news, February 21, 2002.
11. Chang, op. cit.
12. Ibid.
Chapter 9:
Maggie’s Holgraphic Body?
1. Paul Hill, Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis
(Charlottesville, VA: Hampton Roads Publishing, 1995), p. 122; quote from
Frank Edwards, Flying Saucers: Serious Business (New York: Bantam, 1966),
p. 175.
2. Coral and James Lorenzen, Flying Saucers: The Startling Evidence of the
Invasion from Outer Space (New York: New American Library, 1970), p. 60.
3. Hill, op. cit., p. 122.
4. Ibid., p. 130.
5. Michael Talbot, The Holographic Universe (New York: HarperCollins,
1991), p. 54.
6. Ibid., p. 55.
PART II: SEEN
Chapter 11:
Aliens Here and Now
1. Budd Hopkins, Missing Time (New York: Marek/Putnam, 1981), pp. 25, 26.
2. John Fuller, The Interrupted Journey (New York: Dial, 1966).
3. Author’s conversation with Betty Hill, 1981.
4. Budd Hopkins, Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods
(New York: Random House, 1987), pp. 82, 83.
5. Coral and Jim Lorenzen, Encounters with UFO Occupants (New York:
Berkley, 1976), pp. 61–87.
6. Jerome Clark, UFO Encyclopedia 2nd ed. (Detroit: Omnigraphics,
1992), pp. 392–95.
7. In one case I’ve investigated, a New Jersey woman had her fetus disappear in the seventh month. She subsequently sued her obstetrician for
malpractice and lost her case. The judge correctly pointed out that
although she had proved she had been pregnant with a living, viable fetus,
she had not proved that anything the doctor had done had contributed to
its disappearance.
8. Hopkins, Intruders, pp. 154–63.
Chapter 14:
The Breakdown of Barriers between Species
1. Lawrence Krauss, Beyond Star Trek (New York: Basic Books, 1997), p. 64.
2. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/1999/526/1
3. Ibid.
4. Michael Swords, “Extraterrestrial Hybridization Unlikely,” MUFON
(Mutual UFO Network) UFO Network Journal, no. 247, November 1988, p. 6.
5. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/1997/530/3
6. Nancy Jones and Linda Bevington, “Human/Animal Transgenics:
When Is a Mouse Not a Mouse?” Paper for the Center of Bioethics and
Human Dignity, spring 2000.
7. Swords, op. cit., pp. 6–10.
8. Personal conversation with Dr. John Altshuler, May 2002.
9. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/2001/816/1
10. http://www.news.wisc.edu/view.html?get=3315
11. Swords, op. cit., p. 9
12. Ibid.
13. http://animalscience.ucdavis.edu/faculty/Anderson/research. htm
392 Notes
14. Swords, op. cit., p. 9.
15. Environmental Health Perspectives, vol. 101, no. 4, September 1993.
16. http://animalscience.ucdavis/edu/faculty/Anderson/research.htm
17. Michael Specter, “The Pharmageddon Riddle,” The New Yorker, April
10, 2000, pp. 58–71.
18. Gina Kolata, “Monkey Born with Genetically Engineered Cells,” New
York Times, Jan. 12, 2001, A1, A20.
19. Specter, op. cit., p. 66.
20. http://www.dpz.gwdg.de.eupreycage.htm
21. http://jama.ama-assn.org/issues/v288nb/full/jbk0814.3.html
22. “Sweet Spot Found in Asteroid Belt,” Nature, Press Release, Vol.
414, No. 6866 Dated 20/27, December 2001.
23. http://animal/science.ucdavis.edu/faculty/Anderson/research.htm
24. Ian Wilmut, Keith Campbell, and Colin Tudge, The Second Creation:
The Age of Biological Control by the Scientists Who Cloned Dolly (London,
U.K.: Headline, 2000).
25. Gina Kolata, “Babies in Fertility Method Have Genes from 3 People,”
New York Times, May 5, 2001.
26. Ibid.
Chapter 15:
The Man Who Knew Too Much
1. Travis Walton, Fire in the Sky (New York: Marlowe, 1996), pp. 36, 37.
2. The author’s files contain extensive investigations into two different
cases that involve seven people each in simultaneous abduction experiences.
Chapter 18:
Vulnerable in a Thousand Ways
1. Philip Morrison, quoted in Steven J. Dick, Life on Other Worlds
(Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge University Press, 1998), p. 261.
2. Seth Shostak, “Alien Abilities and Behaviors,” in Being Human: The
Technological Extensions of the Body, edited by Jacques Houis, Paola Mieli
and Mark Stafford (New York: Agincourt/Marsilio, 1999), pp. 481.
3. Ibid.
4. New York Times, Feb. 8, 2001, G4.
5. http://cac.psu.edu/~pgsg109/qs/emo2001.html
6. http://uphs.upenn.edu/ihgt/info/whatisgt.html
7. David Jacobs, The Threat (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998), pp.
132–36.
8. Michael Swords, “Extraterrestrial Hybridization Unlikely,” MUFON
(Mutual UFO Network) UFO Network Journal, no. 247, November 1988, p. 6.
9. Lawrence F. Roberge, paper presented at the October 22, 1998,
Society of Catholic Social Sciences Conference:
http://pages.map.com/lroberge/cloningpaper-2.html, p. 13.
10. Clifford Pickover, The Science of Aliens (New York: Basic Books,
1998), p. 174.
11. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/transcripts/2612time.html/, p. 17.
12. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/2001/112/2
13. Pickover, op. cit., p. 174.
14. http://www.framingham.com/heart/backgrnd.htm
15. www.wired.com/wired/archive/9.11/aging.html
16. Ibid.
17. www.wired.com/wired/archive/9.06/mustread.html?pg=5
Chapter 19:
First You See Them, Then You Don’t
1. Jerome Clank Unexplained (Detroit: Visible Ink, 1993); various articles.
Chapter 20:
The Phantom Support Group, Stewart and Other Mysteries:
1. MUFON is the acronym for the Mutual UFO Network, 9862 W.
Unser Ave., Littleton, CO 80128.
2. A typical example is the Herbert Schirmer abduction of Dec. 3, 1967,
in Ashland, Nebraska. Schirmer, a police officer on duty in his patrol car
when the abduction occurred, recalled being asked by one of the UFO
occupants, “Are you the watchman over this place?” To an armed, uniformed police officer, the lowly job of “watchman” is like that of a busboy
to a waiter or a maître d’. In the security professions it is a slightly degrading term that I doubt Schirmer would have ascribed to himself. And, as we
shall see shortly, aliens have often referred to the wife of a male abductee
as his “mate,” and have referred to a female abductee as being ready to
“breed.”
3. In many abduction cases the abductees were returned with their
clothes on backward or inside out, as if they were dressed hurriedly and
incorrectly after the quasimedical procedures were completed. In one case
I investigated, a man and his wife were driving one night when their car
stopped and a UFO hovered above it. The pair stepped out of the car on
opposite sides to observe the UFO and, in what seemed an instant, found
394 Notes
themselves standing on the same side of the car, barefoot. The UFO had
disappeared and, to their amazement, their shoes and socks were resting
neatly, side by side, on the fender next to them.
4. In one of the most harrowing hypnotic sessions I conducted with
Sally, we explored a childhood event in which she was literally raped by
Stewart at the age of six. Since Sally’s memory of the incident had been
blocked, and since her mother had not seen Stewart, she ascribed her
daughter’s injuries to some kind of unfortunate accident that occurred
during play. My colleague David Jacobs, in his book, The Threat (New York:
Simon and Schuster, 1998), recounts a number of violent sexual assaults
by so-called hybrid beings.
5. One of the most commonly reported endings to an abductee’s initial
recollection is that of “going to sleep,” even though countless investigations have shown that this really means the end of conscious memory.
Examples: “I woke up and the room was filled with light and there were
three small, black-eyed figures standing next to my bed. And then I just
went to sleep”; “The engine in my car died and we looked up and saw a
huge UFO about twenty feet over us, and then I guess the three of us just
went to sleep.” In such cases as these, the last thing anyone would do
would be to fall asleep in the face of such a dramatic, frightening,
adrenaline-infused scene.
Chapter 22:
Behind the Scenery
1. William James, “The Gospel of Relaxation,” in Talks to Teachers (New
York: W. W. Norton, 1958), pp. 140–141.
2. Interview between Jerome Clark and Helen Anderson, April 27, 1978.
3. Edgar Mitchell, The Way of the Explorer (New York: Putnam, 1996),
p. 191.
4. http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/1999/224/2
5. Michio Kaku, Hyperspace (New York: Anchor/Doubleday, 1994), p. 113.
6. Ibid.
7. Ibid. p. 136
8. John Mack, Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens (New York:
Scribner, 1994).
9. Kaku, op. cit., p. 115.
10. J. Madeleine Nosh, “Unfinished Symphony,” Time, December 31,
1999, p. 86.
11. Kaku, op cit., pp. 152–53.
12. Ibid., viii.
13. Charles F. Emmons, At the Threshold: UFOs, Science and the New Age
(Mill Spring, NC: Wildflower Press, 1997), p. 123.
14. Kaku, op. cit., pp. 45–48.
15. Michael Murphy, The Future of the Body (New York: Putnam 1992),
pp. 217–18.
16. Kaku, op cit., pp. 263–65.
17. Ibid., p. 267
18. Ibid., p. 269.
19. Thomas Browne, Religio Medici, quoted in Michael Murphy, The
Future of the Body (New York: Putnam, 1992), p. 214.
20. Murphy, op. cit., pp. 135, 215.
21. Murphy, op. cit. p. 215.
22. Mitchell, op. cit., pp. 177–80.
23. Ibid., 180.
24. Ibid.
25. Deutsch, The Fabric of Reality (New York, Penguin, 1997), pp. 311–18.
26. Ibid., pp. 318–19.
Chapter 24:
The Luckiest Little Abductee
1. Allen Hynek, quoted in Jerome Clark, ed., The UFO Encyclopedia, 2nd
ed. (Detroit: Omnigraphics, 1998), p. 704.
2. www_hfml.sci.kun.nl/levitate.html
3. J.M.F. van Vlissingen, Biomedical Primate Research Centre, Rijswijk,
The Netherlands, in abstract of EUPREN/EMRG (Multilateral Consultation
of Parties to the European Convention for the Protection of Vertebrate
Animals Used for Experimental and Other Scientific Purposes) Discussion
paper, May 1997.
4. http://eserver.org/langs/linell/chapter02.html, p. 4.
5. Ibid.
6. www.familytraumaservices.com/articles/artparks.htm
7. www.centerforendo.com/QandA.htm
8. Medical records for “Anne-Marie,” Budd Hopkins’s case files.
9. www.Nevadafertility.com/education/hydrosalpinx.htm
10. American Society for Reproductive Medicine, on-line technical bulletin, www.asrm.org/Media/Practice/ectopic, p. 3.
11. Richard M. Neal, “The Missing Embryo/Fetus Syndrome,” MUFON
1992 International UFO Symposium Proceedings (Sequin, TX: MUFON,
1992), pp. 214–29.
396 Notes
Chapter 26:
Human Resources: Ours or Theirs?
1. http://obgyn.upenn.edu/IVF/ARTsyllabus.html
2. http://www.abivf.com/html/ivf_primer.html
3. Jeremy Rifkin, “The End of Pregnancy,” The Guardian (London)
January 30, 2002.
4. www.malereproduction.com/19_electroejaculation.html October 26,
2000.
5. EUPREN/EMRG (Multilateral Consultation of Parties to the
European Convention for the Protection of Vertebrate Animals Used for
Experimental and other Scientific Purposes) Conference, May 1997.
6. Ibid.
7. http://www.boycottohsu.com/animal-abuse.html
8. Henry T. Greely, on-line interview,
http://www.maxmuscle.com/cutting_edge/cloning/cloning_page.html
9. Ibid., p. 7.
10. http://www.obgyn.upenn.edu/IVF/ARTsyllabus.html
11. Greely, op. cit.
12. John Altshuler, quoted in Jerome Clark, ed., UFO Encyclopedia, 2nd
ed. (Detroit: Omnigraphics, 1992), p. 116.
13. Ibid., pp. 112–117
14. Ibid., p. 117
15. Lawrence F. Roberge, paper presented at the Oct. 22, 1998, Society
of Catholic Social Services Conference: paper-2.html.,
http://pages.map.com/lroberge/cloning
16. Ibid.
17. http://www.news.wisc.edu/view.html?get=3315
18. www.sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/2002/214/0
19. http://home.earthlink.net~whizkidz/design07.html
20. Thomas Verney, The Secret Life of the Unborn Child, quoted in ibid.
21. Jeremy Rifkin, “The End of Pregnancy,” The Guardian (London)
January 17, 2002.
22. Ibid.
Chapter 27:
A Few Final Words
1. The Stanley Siegel Show, Channel 7, New York, NY. The guests
included Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Dr. Robert Jastrow, former astronaut Dr.
Edward Mitchell, and UFO witnesses George O’Barski and Betty Hill.

==================================================================
INDEX

Aarhus, University of, Denmark, 118
abductees, see alien abductees
Abduction: Human Encounters with
Aliens (Mack), 282, 387n
acoustic psycho-correction, 92–93
acoustics, 56
and mind-control technology, 92–94
active pixel sensor (APS), 63
adhesions, post-operative, 335, 336
Advanced Cell Technology (ACT), 231
agraphia, 329
alien abductees, 67, 148, 186, 233
alien co-option of, 6–7, 9
alien studies of, 234–35
anesthesia used on, 216
ball seen by, 74–75, 77–81, 98–99
clothes of returned abductees, 393n
communications received by, 56,
92–94, 221
floating experiences of, 29, 36–37,
324
gene manipulation of, 178
gynecological procedures on, 71,
216–17, 335–37
incidence of, 235
lifting of, 62
males, 362–63, 365–68
paralysis of, 30, 92, 94
personal objects, loss and
reappearance of, 341–42
reabductions of, 233–34
scars found on, 2, 2, 147, 171–72,
234, 370
screen memories of, 2–3, 95–96,
244–45, 327, 352
sleep episode recollected by, 394n
sound experienced by, 94, 129–31,
348, 353
sparkle phenomenon reported by,
156, 157, 159
stress and fears of, 308, 326
support groups for, 248, 250–51
symbols seen by, 307–8, 319
unremembered abductions, 245
witnesses to abductions, 18–21,
121–27, 256, 328
alien abductees, case studies of:
“Anne-Marie,” 94, 129, 296, 300,
308, 318–20, 334–35, 337
Arizona boy, 362
“Bob,” 10–11
Cape Cod children, 156–61
Cortile, Linda, 6–9, 20–21, 67, 147
“Davis, Kathie,” 143, 159, 341, 374
“Dennis” and “B. J.,” 38–41, 127
Fusan, 221
Hill, Betty and Barney, 17, 140, 142,
147
“Johnson, Dennis,” 247
“Karen,” 18–19
“Lisa,” 207–13, 217, 226
“Maggie,” 120–27, 131–33
“Margaret,” 95–96
“Marianne” and “Angie,” 31–38, 126
“Mehlman, Don,” 247
“Molly” (“Sally’s” roommate),
256–57
“Molly” and “Danny,” 23–31, 126,
324
Morrison, Kathleen, 224
“Moshe,” 362
“Phyllis,” 337
“Reynolds, Edward,” 258–59,
269–70, 273–75
“Sally,” 214–17, 228, 253–57, 394n
Schirmer, Herbert, 393n
“Spencer,” 324
Turner, Karla, 327
Villas-Boas, Antonio, 142–43, 146
Walton, Travis, 20–21, 191
“Washburn” family, 66–86, 88–92,
98, 108, 127
“Will” and “Melissa,” 340–56,
357–59, 361, 365–68, 374
397
398 Index
alien abductees, case studies of (cont.)
Wilson, Katharina, 100–116, 119, 127
“Winthrop, Terry,” 188–206, 227,
332
alien-human interactions, 141
see also eccentric and bizarre
characters, encounters with;
hybrids, alien-human; normals
Alien Jigsaw, The (Wilson), 100
aliens (extraterrestrials), 47, 187
descriptions of, 40, 142, 146, 156,
159, 220, 351
evolution of, 171
eyes of, 53
as grasshopper-like beings, 328
hopeful interpretation of, 383
and infrared technologies, 91
living on earth, 139–41
manipulation of human life by,
172–73, 184
neural capacity of, 331
pessimistic interpretation of, 382,
384
purposes and motives of, 169, 184,
186, 229–30, 232, 385
restoration of abduction scene by,
353–54
Alta Bates In Vitro Fertilization
Program, 361
Altshuler, John, 171, 369
American Defense News, 93
Ames Research Center, NASA, 181
amygdala, 279
anal probes, 361, 362–63, 365
anatomical incompatibility, in
interspecies breeding, 166
Andrews, Lori, 179
animals, monitoring of, 236, 237–38
“Anne-Marie”:
abduction experiences of, 94, 129,
296–98, 300, 308, 318–20,
334–35, 337
and “Dennison” family, 313–14
floating experience of, 297, 322
and “Myra,” 333
“Paige, Mr.,” and, 300–317, 320–21,
325–33, 338–39
Arkani-Hamed, Nima, 48–49
Arnold, Kenneth, 59
“Arthur,” bizarre character, encounter
with, 239–41
artificial insemination, 143, 381
artificial wombs, 359–60, 374, 375,
381–82
astronomy, developments in, 380
audio spotlight, 56
automatic sensors, failure to register
on, 101–2, 107, 112–13, 127
B-2 bomber, 59
baby-presentation accounts, 146–47,
160, 162, 168, 187, 229
bacterial gene transfers, 163–64
Bakay, Roy, 97
ball, in abductees’ experiences, 74–75,
77–81, 98–99
Ball, John A., 230
Beyond Star Trek (Krauss), 162
bioengineering, 171, 182, 184, 221–23,
228, 383
blackbody radiation, 115–16
Bloecher, Ted, 275
“Bob,” abduction experience of, 10–11
Bohm, David, 111, 132, 290, 292
brain, 220, 279
of aliens, 331
alien transmission of messages to,
92–94
as hologram, 132, 290, 292
brain-body interfaces, 97
brain implants, 96–98
branes, 285
Brookhaven National Laboratory, 50
Browne, Thomas, 290
California, University of, at Davis, 182
camouflage, adaptive, 61, 63
Campbell, Keith, 183
Canadian Institute for Advanced
Research, 163
Cape Cod playground, children’s hybrid
encounter on, 156–61, 376
Carpenter, John, 165, 169
cats, cloning of, 373
Index 399
cattle mutilations, 368–73
Center for Male Reproductive Medicine,
Las Vegas, 363
Challenge to Science (Vallee, Jacques and
Janine), 87
channeled writing, 306
chemical signals, incompatibility of, in
interspecies breeding, 166
chickens, genetic map of, 167
children, alien and transgenic, 375
at Cape Cod playground, 156–61, 376
Clark, Jerome, 239, 279, 281
clinical trials, 173
cloning, 149, 183–84, 229, 231, 338,
366–72, 381–82
Cohen, Jacques, 185
Coleman, Sidney, 289
communication:
alien-abductee, 92–94
brain implants and, 96–97
smart dust particles and, 98–99
consciousness, 277–78, 291
Cortile, Linda, 6, 9, 20–21, 67, 147
drawing by, 252
courtship and mating, 166–67
cow eggs, for cloning, 368–71, 372
Cramp, Leonard G., 45, 58, 64
cross-species interbreeding, 149, 151,
162–63, 166–68, 182, 367, 381–82
see also hybrids, alien-human
“Damoe,” 341, 347–49, 351–55, 365,
366, 374, 376
dark matter, 49
Davenport, Marc, 90
“Davis, Kathie,” 143, 159, 341, 374
“Davis, Sarah,” 241–43
“Dawson, James,” 43–44
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), 93
“Dennis” and “B. J.”, abduction
experience of, 38–41, 127
“Dennison” family, 313–14
Deutsch, David, 50, 95, 293, 380
DIA, see Defense Intelligence Agency
diamagnetism, 322, 323
see also floating
Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund, 237
Dick, Steven J., 45–46, 281, 331
dimensions, 47–48, 285–87
Dolly (cloned sheep), 183, 370
Doolittle, Ford, 163
“Doug” (“Edward Reynolds’s” friend),
259–64, 267, 269–75
dust particles, as communication
systems, 98–99
Eberhard, William G., 7–8
eccentric and bizarre characters,
encounters with, 276–77, 279
by “Arthur,” 239–41
by “Davis, Sarah,” 241–43
by “Joseph,” in Spain, 243–44
“Nelson, Mr.,” in job interview case,
203, 205–6, 213, 227
at Outback steak house, 258–75
“Paige, Mr.,” “Anne-Marie’s”
experience with, 300–317, 325–33,
338–39
by “Sally,” with “Stewart,” 254–57,
331, 394n
ectopic pregnancy, 336
Einstein, Albert, 118, 278–80, 285, 292
electroejaculation stimulation (EES),
362–63, 366
electromagnetically induced
transparency (EIT), 114
electromagnetic levitation, 323
electromagnetic (EM) spectrum, 52–53,
54, 55
electronic communications, 221
EM (electromagnetic) spectrum, 52–53,
54, 55
Embryo Transfer Lab, UC Davis, 182
Emmons, Charles, 281
Emory University, Atlanta, 97
endangered species, cloning of, 231
energy field, focusing of, 87–88, 87
ETs (extraterrestrials), see aliens
EUPREN (European Convention for the
Protection of Vertebrate Animals
Used for Experimental and Other
Scientific Purposes), 363
extraterrestrials, see aliens
eyewitness testimony, 152–55
400 Index
F-117 aircraft, 59
Fabric of Reality, The (Deutsch), 50
fallopian tubes, 336, 337
Feinberg, Gerald, 47–48
fertility clinics, 336, 358, 367
fetuses, 145, 164, 165, 360, 361, 373–75
disappearance of, 143–44, 146
fibroids, 335
field force, UFO, 90, 130–31, 321
fifth dimension, 285, 286
floating, 29, 36–37, 323
by “Anne-Marie,” 297, 322
by “Peter,” 298, 322, 324
by “Spencer,” 324
Flying Saucer Conspiracy (Keyhoe), 13
Flying Saucers: The Startling Evidence of
the Invasion from Outer Space
(Lorenzen, Coral and James), 88
force field, UFO, 90, 130–31, 321
Foulk, Russell A., 336
Fowler, Raymond, 169, 360
Framingham Heart Study,
Massachusetts, 233–34
Frey, Allen, 93–94
Friedman, Stanton, 64, 309
Fuller, John, 17, 140, 142
Fund for UFO Research, 44–45
Fusan, abduction experience of, 221
Future of the Body, The (Murphy), 287
gamma rays, 54, 55
Gauld, Ian, 9
gaur, cloning of, 231
genes, incompatibility of, in
interspecies breeding, 166–67
gene therapy, 223
genetically modified foods, 178–79, 381
genetic diseases, 222–23
genetic engineering, 148–49
see also gene transfers
genetics, 162–63
gene transfers, 163–64, 169–70,
174–82, 225
genome, chicken, 167
genome, human, 162–63, 225, 378
geographic information system (GIS),
237
Georgia Institute of Technology, 237–38
germ-line gene therapy, 223
gestation tanks, 374, 375
GIS (geographic information system),
237
Goddard Space Laboratory, NASA, 379
Goodall, Jane, 366
gorillas, tracking of, 237–38
government, mind-control by, 92–93
grand unified theory, 281
grasshopper-like being, abductee’s
drawing of, 328
gravity, laws of, 285
great apes, 363
Greely, Henry T., 367, 368
Guido, Salvatore, 14
gynecological procedures, 71, 216–17,
335–37, 344, 351, 357–58, 374
laparoscopy, 358–59, 361–62
Hall, Richard, 4, 169, 281
“Hannah” (“Sally’s” roommate), 255,
257
Harman, Willis, 110
Harris, John, 151
Hawking, Stephen, 230, 232, 287, 380
heat sensors, 112
helicopters, in “Will’s” abduction
account, 343–44, 346–47, 352–53,
358
Herschel, William, 115
high strangeness cases, 281
Hill, Betty and Barney, 17, 140, 142, 147
Hill, Paul, 57, 60, 64, 86–88, 90,
129–30
holograms, 111, 131, 132–33, 290, 292,
295, 327
Holographic Universe, The (Talbot), 110
Horowitz, M. J., 333
Howe, Linda Moulton, 369
human-alien interbreeding, 148
see also hybrids, alien-human
human emotions:
aliens’ reading of, 160
development of, in fetus, 375
normals’ lack of, 374
hybrid breakdown, 168
Index 401
hybrids, alien-human, 140–41, 143,
146–48, 150–51, 159–62, 164,
168–69, 171–74, 223–26, 362,
381–82
baby factory and, 165, 165
“Damoe,” 341, 347–49, 351–55
fetuses of, 145, 164, 165, 373–76
Jacobs’s theory of, 387n
and phantom support group, 246–53
sexual assaults by, 394n
transgenics and, 175–82
see also eccentric and bizarre
characters, encounters with;
normals
Hynek, J. Allen, 66, 155, 258, 321, 379
hyperspace, see superstring theory
hypnotic regression, 184
of “Anne-Marie,” 308, 315, 318, 332
of Cortile, Linda, 6
of “Davis, Kathie,” 374
of “Dennis,” 40
of Fusan, 221
of “Karen,” 19
of “Lisa,” 207, 211
of “Marianne,” 31, 36–37
of “Molly,” 29
of “Phyllis,” 337
of “Reynolds, Edward,” 258–59,
263–74
of “Sally,” 214–17
of “Spencer,” 324
of “Washburns,” 70–84, 98
of “Will,” 340, 347–54, 358
of “Winthrop, Terry,” 194, 196–203
ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection), 367
incubators, on spacecraft, 373
infertility, treatments for, 185, 187, 358,
362
infrared radiation, 53, 54, 112, 115
possible alien use of, 91
and “Washburn” photos, 88,
90–91
infrasound, 93
Institute for Genomic Research, The
(TIGR), 163
Institute for Reproductive Medicine and
Science, 185
Institute of Noetic Sciences, 289
intelligence, 220
interference, 132–33
interspecies hybridization, see
cross-species interbreeding;
hybrids, alien-human
interstellar travel, 283
intracytoplasmic sperm injection
(ICSI), 367
Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at
Copley Woods (Hopkins), 143,
146–47, 241, 341, 374, 381
invisibility, 31, 38, 41, 63–65, 127–28,
134–35, 245, 381
adaptive camouflage and, 61, 63
and blackbody radiation, 115–16
and electromagnetic radiation, 55
force field and, 131
and Killian’s radar experience,
45–46
and “Maggie’s” disappearance,
121–27, 133
of Nansei-shoto craft, 43–44
and plasma sheath, 61
stealth technology and, 57–59
transparency experiments and, 114
of “Washburn” family, 66, 82–86, 91
of Wilson, Katharina, 102, 105–9,
113–16
in vitro fertilization, 358, 362
Ishida, Isao, 170
Jacobs, David M., 134–35, 165, 169,
223–24, 250, 360, 387n, 394n
James, William, 277
Jastrow, Robert, 379, 380
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, NASA, 61, 63
job interview cases, 218–19, 331
“Lisa,” 208–13, 217, 226–28
“Sally,” 214–17, 228
“Winthrop, Terry,” 196–206, 211–13,
217, 227–28
“Johnson, Dennis and Janice,” 246–51,
253
Jorgensen, Charles, 221
402 Index
“Joseph,” 243–44
“Joyce” (witness to “Maggie’s” disappearance), 121–27
Kaku, Michio, 284–85, 289
“Karen,” abduction experience of, 18–19
Kerfoot, Mary, 101, 103–9, 119
Keyhoe, Donald, 13, 43
Killian, Peter, 45–46
“Kimball, Janet,” 21
Kitchner, Philip, 180
Klein, Michael, 53
knowing, ways of, 289
Krauss, Lawrence, 162, 164, 171
Kuwabara, Yosinori, 360
language skills, 329–30
of “Damoe,” 354
laparoscopy, 336, 358–59, 359, 361–62
laser beams:
holograms and, 132–33
lifting by, 62
and teleportation, 118
transparency experiments with, 114
lateral gene transfers, 163–64
levitation, see diamagnetism; floating
Lewis, C. S., 290
Life on Other Worlds (Dick), 45
light, 285
blackbody adsorption of, 115
speed of, 89, 114
from UFO, 30, 78
light waves, 52–53, 54, 55
“Lisa,” alien encounters with, 207–13,
217, 226–28
locked-in syndrome, 97–98
longitudinal studies, 233–35
Lorenzen, Coral and James, 88, 130
Maccabee, Bruce, 64
McDonald, James, 387n
Mack, John, 165, 169, 221, 282, 360,
387n
“Maggie,” abduction experience of,
120–27, 131–33
male abductees, reproductive
experiments on, 362–63, 365–68
“Margaret,” abduction experience of,
95–96
“Marianne” and “Angie,” abduction
experience of, 31–38, 126
mating, see courtship and mating
“Mehlman, Don and Betsy,” 246–51,
253
“Melissa” (“Will’s” wife), 342–56,
357–59, 361, 365, 368, 374
memory, 279
meteorites, organic compounds in, 181
mice, transgenic, 170, 177
micromanipulation, of sperm, 367
microwaves, 52–53, 54
and abductee paralysis, 94
broadcasts of, 92–94
military abductions, 354
Miller, Freda, 172
mind control, 92–93, 353, 355
mind reading, 345
missing-fetus cases, 143–44, 146, 337
missing-time experiences:
of “Anne-Marie,” 300
of Arizona boy, 362
of “Joseph,” 243
of “Lisa,” 207
of “Moshe,” 362
of “Will,” 340, 342, 344, 346
of Wilson, Katharina, 103–6, 108,
113
of “Winthrop, Terry,” 189, 191–92,
194
Mitchell, Edgar, 110, 289–92, 321
mitochondria, 185
“Molly” (“Sally’s” roommate), abduction
experience of, 256–57
“Molly” and “Danny,” abduction
experience of, 23–31, 324
monitoring, 321
of animals, 236, 237–38, 364
of nursing home residents, 236–38
monkeys, 363, 366
transgenic, 176, 179
Morris, Janet, 93
Morrison, Kathleen, 224
Morrison, Philip, 219
“Moshe,” 362
Index 403
MUFON (Mutual UFO Network), 250,
321, 393n
mules, 167–68
Mullis, Kary, 321
multiverse, 49–51, 287, 288
Murphy, Michael, 287, 290
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), 250,
321, 393n
“Myra” (“Anne-Marie’s” friend), 311–12,
333
Nansei-shoto, radar sighting incident at,
43–44
NASA, 61, 63, 86, 181, 379
nasal probes, 344–46, 353
National Institutes of Health (NIH), 4
National Science Foundation, 4
nature or nurture controversy, 376
navel insertions, 344–46, 349–51,
357–59, 365
Neal, Richard M., Jr., 94, 337, 370
“Nelson, Mr.,” in job interview case,
203, 205–6, 213, 227, 331–32
Nevada Center for Reproductive
Medicine, 336
New York Times, UFO sighting report in,
324
“Nicolle” (“Anne-Marie’s” mother), 302,
305–6, 316, 328, 335
NIH (National Institutes of Health), 4
normals (alien-human hybrids), 161,
222, 226–28, 338
“Damoe,” 366
human emotions, lack of, 374
see also eccentric and bizarre
characters, encounters with;
hybrids, alien-human; transgenic
beings
notational system, of aliens, 307–8, 319,
328
Novak, Elliot and Debbie, 58
nursing homes, 235–38
Oatfield Estates, Oregon, 235–37
optical communications system, 99
optical tweezers, 62, 62
organ transplants, 170
Outback steak house incident, Chicago,
258–75
out-of-body experience, 292
ova collecting, 142–43, 169, 187, 336–37,
358–59, 360, 381
“Paige, Mr.” (“Anne-Marie’s” friend),
300–317, 333, 338–39, 374, 376
origin of, 325
teacher-mentor role of, 325–26
telepathic resonance with “
Anne-Marie,” 320–21
writings of, 304–8, 319–20, 328–32
parallel universes, 288, 295
Hawking’s theory of, 287, 289
paralysis, alien-instituted, 30, 92, 94
paranormal experiences, and UFOs, 321
Perelandra (Lewis), 290
“Peter” (brother of “Anne-Marie”),
297–300, 322, 324
and “Paige, Mr.,” 300–301, 303–4,
328
photographs, “Washburn” family’s,
68–70, 74–76, 79, 82–83, 85–86,
88–92
photons, 283
“Phyllis,” abduction experience of,
337
Pickover, Clifford, 171, 232
pigs, study of, 365, 367
Planck, Max, 115
plasma sheath, 59–61
polygraph tests, 20
Pompei, F. Joseph, 56
post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD),
333
praying mantis, 326–27
pregnancy, 142–43, 337
Pribram, Karl, 51, 132
Primate Research Center, Oregon
Health and Science University, 366
primates, 363–64, 366
Princeton Engineering Anomalies
Research, 321
Program in Genomics, Ethics, and
Society, Stanford University, 367
psychtronics, 92
404 Index
PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder),
333
PubMed (on-line site), 177
Puthoff, Hal, 110, 321
quantum entanglement, 117–18
quantum theory, 49–50, 114, 278–84,
291, 293–95, 378, 381
radar:
Nansei-shoto incident, 43–44
and stealth technology, 57–61
visibility vs. invisibility of UFOs on,
42–46, 58, 65
radar cross section (RCS), 59
radiation, 54
blackbody, 115–16
see also electromagnetic spectrum
radio waves, 52–53, 54, 55
Ray, Johnny, 97–98
reality, 49–50, 278
holographic universe and, 132
Mitchell’s dyadic model of, 289
primary level of, 111
simulation of, 94–95
rectal probes, 361, 362–63, 365
Reed, Bill, 235–36
relativity, theory of, 89, 279–80
Religio Medici (Browne), 290
religion, as way of knowing, 289
remote control, 226
reproductive procedures, 142–44, 146,
148, 171, 234, 358–59, 374, 382
reproductive science, capabilities in,
149
“Reynolds, Edward,” 258–75
Rifkin, Jeremy, 360, 375
Roberge, Lawrence, 370
Rosenheim, Jay, 8
Roslin Institute, Scotland, 183, 370
rubidium, 114
Russian mind-control technology, 93
Sagan, Carl, 148, 220, 382
“Sally,” abduction experiences of,
214–17, 228, 253–57
salpingotomy, 336
satellite tracking systems, 237
scars and scoop marks, on abductees, 2,
2, 147, 171–72, 234, 370
Schirmer, Herbert, 393n
science:
mainstream, 378–82
as way of knowing, 289
scout craft, miniature, 98
screen memories, of abductees, 2–3,
95–96, 244–45, 327, 352
Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence
(SETI), 331
secondary socialization, written language and, 329, 331
Second Creation: The Age of Biological
Control by the Scientists Who Cloned
Dolly, The (Campbell and Wilmut),
183
Secret Life of the Unborn Child, The
(Verney), 375
SETI (Search for Extra-Terrestrial
Intelligence), 331
sexual aspects of human-alien
encounters, 344, 227, 331, 345
“Lisa’s” experience, 212
“Melissa’s” experience, 344, 351, 357
“Sally’s” experience, 254, 394n
Villas-Boas, Antonio, case of, 142–43
violent assaults by hybrids, 394n
“Winthrop, Terry,” case of, 198–99,
204–5, 212, 227
Sharp, Joseph, 92
sheep, cloning of, 183, 229
sheep-goat chimeras, 182
Shklovskii, Josef, 220
Shostek, Seth, 331
silent speech, 221
Simpson, O. J., trial of, 153–54
skin, sensations in, and UFO force field,
130–31
skin sampling, 2, 2, 147, 169, 171–72,
187
from cattle, 372
smart dust particles, 98–99
Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics,
Harvard, 114
Solid Clues (Feinberg), 47–48
Index 405
somatic gene therapy, 223
sound, 56
abductees’ experience of, 94, 129–31,
348, 353
and mind-control technology, 92–94
sound reproduction, 95
sparkle phenomenon, in abduction
reports, 156, 157, 159
Specter, Michael, 179
“Spencer,” 324
sperm collecting, 142–43, 169, 187,
362–63, 366, 367, 381
Stanford Research Institute International, 110
stars, brightness of, 53
Star Wars (movie), 132
stealth technology, 57–61
sterility, of hybrids, 168
“Stewart,” “Sally’s” encounters with,
254–57, 331, 394n
Strange Harvest (TV documentary), 369
string theory, see superstring theory
subatomic particles, 283–84
sugars, from space, 181
superstring theory, 284, 285
supersymmetry, 49–50
Swords, Michael, 169, 171, 173, 184, 225
Talbot, Michael, 110, 116, 292
telepathy, 160, 226, 257, 291, 321
between “Anne-Marie” and
“Mr. Paige,” 320–21, 332
in “Will’s” account, 353
teleportation, 116–19
Theory of Everything, 280
third-party gene donors, 185
Thorne, Kip, 380
thought projections, aliens as, 327
Threat, The (Jacobs), 223, 387n, 394n
time travel, 292–94, 380
time-warping field effect, 90–91
tracking, see monitoring
transgenic beings, 177, 222, 252, 317,
330–31, 373–76, 383
animals, 177–78, 183
babies and fetuses, 145, 373
mice, 170, 177
monkeys, 176, 179
see also eccentric and bizarre
characters, encounters with;
hybrids, alien-human; normals
transgenics, see gene transfers
transparency experiments, 114
tubal pregnancy, 336
Turner, Karla, 327
UFO research, 44–47, 50, 57–58, 258,
379–81
boundaries in, 282
on invisibility technology, 134–35
and mainstream science, 281
UFOs:
aerodynamic maneuvers of, 58, 65
focusing sequence of, 87–88, 87
force field of, 90
helicopters, in “Will’s” account,
343–44, 346–47, 352–53
light from, 30
and the paranormal, 321
plasma sheath of, 59–61
propulsion of, 86–87
silence of, 58
travels through wormholes by, 289
visibility vs. invisibility of, 42–46, 55,
57, 63–65, 286–87
UFOs and Anti-Gravity: Piece for a
Jig-Saw (Cramp), 45, 58
UFO sightings, 43–45, 59
by “Anne-Marie,” 318
on Cape Cod, 139–40
and cattle mutilations, 369
eyewitness testimony of, 154–55
by “Joseph,” 243
on Lake of the Ozarks, 129–30
by the Novaks, 58
by “Peter,” 298–99
by “Spencer,” 324
in Swedish forest, 130
by “Winthrop, Terry,” 189–93
UFOs Over America (Lorenzen, Coral
and James), 130
UFO Symposium, First International,
221
ultradimensional beings, see aliens
406 Index
ultrasound, 361
ultraviolet radiation, 54
uncertainty principle, 117
Unconventional Flying Objects: A
Scientific Analysis (Hill), 58, 86–87
universe, 277–78, 283, 292
dark matter in, 49
dimensions of, 47–48, 285–87
expansion of, 49
flatness of, 48
and multiverse, 49–51, 287, 288
universes, parallel, 287, 288, 289, 295
vaginal insertions, in abductees, 351,
353, 359
Vallee, Jacques and Janine, 87
Verney, Thomas, 375
Villas-Boas, Antonio, 142–43, 146
virtual reality systems, 94–95
vision studies, 51–52
visual imagery, 279
Walton, Travis, 20–21, 191
“Washburn” family, 66–86, 88–92, 98,
108
Wiener, Norman, 116
“Will,” UFO encounters of, 340–56,
357–59, 365–68, 374
“Williams, Judy,” 101, 103–9
Wilmut, Ian, 183
Wilson, Katharina, 100–116, 119
wind tunnels, 60, 60
“Winthrop, Terry,” 188–206, 227
Witnessed: The True Story of the Brooklyn
Bridge UFO Abduction (Hopkins),
6, 20, 67, 96, 147
witnesses to abductions, 18–19, 21,
121–27, 256, 328
Wolf, Fred Alan, 321
Wonderwoman and Superman: The Ethics
of Human Biotechnology (Harris),
151
Wood, Robert, 130
wormholes, 287, 288, 289, 380
written language, acquisition of, 329,
331
xenophobia, 139
X rays, 54
yellow, abductee’s fear of, 345
zero-point energy field, 291
zoo hypothesis, 230, 232